Unknown Me

ipam

Smashwords Edition Copyright 2021 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Teen outer space love story……


I am 6,427 days old making me, like, seventeen years old, ya’ll.

I am Starra, a crop farmer living on Planet Earth. Yay!

Well, a team of smart scientists, not me, has discovered that our home world Earth will implode in five calendar years or 1,825 days or maybe less.

So, the nosy United Earth government officials are sending a team of semi-trained astronauts, who possess a set of special powers like a witch, but not really.

The United Earth Government entity is sending a team of Tele people, who possess telepathy or mind reading and telekinesis or object floating into a new galaxy, including me. Bummer!

Thus, I take off to fly the first ever freakingly earthling intergalactic outer space journey coming off from trashy Planet Earth, sailing through the beautiful Milky Way Galaxy, and then enter through a stupid red and blue pretty wormhole.

Then, I exhale with a puff of frustration, crossing both of my arms over a clean black colored ugly one-piece jumpsuit, shaking my bangs in my eyelashes, and stomp a fashion boot, looking up at a blinding purple sunshine inside the green tinted skyline.

I am not ready to leave my home world, ya’ll!
People from Planet Earth


Gigi Flaubert, translator and Tele astronaut with telepathy and
    telekinesis talents

Jim Harris, pilot of Tele mission

Juan Cervantes, co-pilot of Tele mission

Kenya Tanzania, preacher and Tele astronaut with telekinesis

Lulu Smith, cook and Tele astronaut with teleclairvoyance,
     telepathy and telekinesis talents

Maritza, mistress overseer on Starbelt Plantation, Hunts-Bama

Ming, master overseer on Starbelt Plantation at Hunts-Bama

Mohammed Saudi, physician and Tele astronaut with
      telemetabolics and telekinesis talents

Natasha Karsarina, huntress and Tele astronaut with telekinesis

Peter Martin, administrator and Tele astronaut with telepathy
   and telekinesis talents

Starra Starbelt, farmer and Tele astronaut with telepathy,
     telekinesis, teleclairvoyance and telemetabolics talents
Present day and place and time and space


Earth Day 6,427 of my birth


Year 2108
Milky Way Galaxy of planet Earth on Starbelt Plantation
8:08 a.m.
Home location of 17 years old teenager Starra Starbelt
Green sky and orange clouds with pink sun
Hot and sunny at 102°F


I exhaled, “Another gray hair.”
I whispered, looking at my freckled face into the bedroom mirror, standing with both arms at the side in a white tank top. I exhibited a set of lean biceps, lifting too many squared bales of green colored hay for the horses. My blue jeans were shredded in sideways ribbons at both my kneecaps from scooting over the gravel, playing with the cute dang six week old Labrador-able puppies.
I looked down and admired the new shine on my favorite pair of pink and white colored rattlesnake cowgirl boots which I caught (well, shot) with the twelve-gauge shotgun in the woodlands (well, back porch) that day.
The rattlesnake was searching for water.
I was sunbathing naked in that water hole too. I sighed with excitement.
Rock and roll music blasted from the wall speakers and echoed throughout my house.
I crossed both biceps over my tank top, tilting my chin to the right, winking with a left eyelash. I watched my new reflection in the mirror, pondering if this sexy girly pose would capture me a husband, presenting a set of ugly fish lips. I sighed with doubt.
I parked both my hands on my waist, bent a right kneecap forward, and then pouted my lips cute-like, twisting my jaw line to the left, winking with my right eyelash. I wondered if this different pretty thing position would grab me a boyfriend. I sighed with not shore.
I swung around, seeing my blue jeans covered fanny in the mirror, wiggling both my legs back and forth that did not shake anything, but my black colored waist length hair moved side to side, swaying against my naked arms. I pondered if this beauty strut would get me a date, smiling and blowing a silly kiss to the mirror.
The rock and roll music terminated. I sighed with intrigue.
I spun around to the mirror, tucking one of my gray colored strands behind my left ear, donning the baseball cap, covering the new single growth. I heard a faint noise, turning to see the archway of my bedroom.
The silver tinted sphere which was covered in whisker-like sensory threads tracked anything in my house. A floating and flying communications globe darted around the lavender paint on the wall corner, flashing with a red colored blink.
I yelled. “Open.”
“Starra, now, come now!” a male voice of nervousness shouted via the communication globe.
The lid guided up, displaying on the screen an older man with a tone of dark colored skin tone and a head of natural black colored hair with silver threads of gray.
“I’m coming. End transmission.” I commanded to both the man and the machine.
The panel shut down and locked back in place on the globe.
I gracefully pranced to the front entrance door of my house, saying to the trailing globe. “Security on!”
The computerized satellite system clicked to the ready position with a color of yellow. Yellow indicated that both the sky and the field surveillance secure system were on and also locked the front door of my house, after I slammed it shut.
I waddled in my shiny cowgirl boots forward to my cute bike transport and stopped, lifting my freckled face up to see the bright pink colored sunlight that was beaming down from an ever-changing funky colored skyline around planet Earth. The funky skyline was created by the swirls of radiated air and toxic poisons hovering foreverly above my pretty head.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I breathed deeply and filled my healthy lungs with a new supply of fresh plant created oxygen and released the used air, relaxing my body, letting my hundred percent worries plus hundred percent concerns disappear.
The little voice in my head pinged. Everything is fine, darling.
In the year 2091, Grandma Starbelt had lifted her face up to see the bright ever-changing sunlight too, saying with a smile. “Everything is fine.” She had repeated these three words in her mind, her conscience, her guts, and her intuition of her soul for remaining both calm and rational in any critical urgent situation. And she had taught this technique to her five-year-old granddaughter Starra too.
Present day outdoors on the front lawn setting, I had not come to any real conclusion about my inner voice between my ears or the stupid three-worded silly saying, and I believed that facts dictated my actions and not some silly words, ringing between my diamond studded earrings. But I practiced her breathing technique morning, afternoon, night, and during a serious crisis for allowing my little voice to sorta control my jumbled deep teen heart-felt emotions. I sighed with amusement.
My eyelashes were closed and my cheekbones were burning and as, my neurons mentally saw that a black colored pregnant cow was trapped between the two twisted barbed wires as my plantation overseer supported the cow’s head and soothed her mental distress.
Then I tripped over some dang rock in the middle of the grassy lawn with my right cowgirl boot, shifting lots of my hair in my eyelashes.
I caught my stupid self, before bursting a nostril in red blood.
I stood tall and still again, purging the bright vivid image of both cow and her newborn calf which stood and mooed at the broken fence post. I reminded my sub-conscious mind that cows had been birthing baby calves since the dawn of time and without any human interference. I sighed with forever.
I jumped on my solar bike and activated the console screen. The satellite communication program reflected a batch of color coded dots and overlaid a viewing area of 6,078 acres of land. Green, red, yellow, blue, and orange colored specks designated, not in order, cows, horses, people, dogs, and some hidden wildlife animals. I typed a single word command to the bike computer console.
The geographical area enlarged pinpointing the cow through an emergency homing beacon of another roaming communications globe.
I hit the automatic button for the shortest path through the northwest corner of my farm dome cringing with both the lips and the collar bone, reading the pre-calculated navigational course from the computer console. I sighed with sadness.
I reprogrammed the guiding system to traverse the longest route to my overseer and the cow, because the bike flew over the Starbelt Cemetery as the last leg of my final destination.
My grandma had been dead for three years, five months, nine days, eight hours, six minutes, and four seconds, but I was not counting the days just very good at math, since numbers added quickly in my head. I sighed with loneliness.
I felt a deep heartache of loss while flying over my family cemetery. I sighed with existence.
Both my parents were killed in an accident as their solar car soared to the hospital that was located at the Hunts-Bama biosphere. My mother was declared brain dead at the accident point and as, her limp body was kept alive on a mechanical respiratory ventilator as the farm veterinarian performed a cesarean, delivering cutie Starra.
Thus, my grandma became instantly my mother, father, sister, brother, uncle, aunt, nephew, niece…(breathe)…first, second, and third cousins which were all rolled into my one and only living blood relative on planet Earth.
I leaned into the cushioned headrest, wrapping the tight net around my body, wiggling my fanny in the leather seat. I jerked both my boot soles on each metal handle bar, fitting nicely inside my tiny cocoon, and yelled at the stupid computer. “Country.”
The song played an assortment of fiddles and guitars instruments in a country musical style as the music scattered my ear wax in both my eardrums.
I yelled at the computer again as an earth-princess. “Twenty-two mph…”
The computerized guiding console displayed both speed and distance, fixing the speedometer at twenty-two miles-per-hour and as the side jet thrusters ignited and lifted my bike in the air which ensured a smooth quiet ride. I sighed with luxury.
The animal location was in the northwestern part of my plantation. My plantation consisted of 6,078 acres or six square miles of ground or air travel. However, I did not allow the machines to fly no more than twenty-two miles-per-hour around the farm ecosphere for fear of deadly destruction to the money crops or startling the dumb livestock. The livestock would run and die, after hitting and bleeding cow body parts over the heated shield of the farm dome. I sighed with duty.
I loved my plantation and appreciated the combination of both technology and nature, however I found running a farm did not leave much time for fun daydreaming. So I enjoyed the short period of peace and quiet, allowing the heated sun beams of pink color between the green colored clouds, falling down through the dome glass to freckle and to suntan my face and my two naked arms in dark tinted skin.
I still marveled at the technological creation of a biosphere for both human and animal life forms, who somehow survived the continuous colorful radiation clouds and deadly invisible toxic poisons on planet Earth. I sighed with survival.
In the year 2028, from Earth’s history, a biosphere or a dome came in existence around the year 2028 as tons of greedy earthlings continued to spray high doses of carbon dioxides, deadly invisible chemical poisons, and burning toxins in the delicate air currents. The toxins drifted, floated, and covered the entire stratosphere (once, white colored fluffy clouds). The deadly procedure melted away the precious ozone layer second by second, minute by minute, hour by hour, day by day, and year by year, until the first sign of a deteriorating atmosphere felt and fell over both people and property.
The country of Australia became the first victim of global warming or warning of hot and angry Mother Nature. The land blazed into a red colored fiery inferno by a deadly wave of blue and yellow colored fires, traveling at hurricane wind currents over the green colored wooded mountains and down into the brown colored fertile valley soils. The fiery inferno destroyed everything in its flaming path, including people, livestock, wild animals, plant vegetation, crop soil, huge mountains, low valleys, and populated cities.
Present day and time, on solar bike ride, I opened my eyelashes seeing trouble. “Slow five mph!” The rear thrusters of the solar bike sounded with a ping and dropped down, pacing over the grass with a whoosh.
Thunderfoot, my black colored stallion led a herd of mares a few years ahead of my bike path for trotting around the hilly green pasture, showing off his harem to the other stud horses.
I smiled with a giggle. “What a personality?” I shook my bangs in my eyeballs, scratching it from my face with my fingers, yelling to the stupid computer. “Reset prefixed speed. Pop song.” I leaned into the worn smooth leather, listening to a new selection of soft music with a couple of angelic voices, flowing lovely with the piano notes.
In the year 2028 from Starbelt family history book, the icy cold white colored south polar burnt into a huge pile of gray colored dull ashes from a heavy downpour of radiated red and yellow colored raindrops during the ozone collapse in the year 2028. The north polar, once upon a time of delicate white colored caps, quickly froze into big nasty chunks of brown colored ice from the lack of both sunlight and heat.
Thus, the landmass of planet Earth shrunk by forty-three percent in six months, eighteen days, twenty hours, forty-one minutes, two seconds, and fifty-four milliseconds.
The surviving landscapes (or old governments) of viable soil (or homeless people) formed a new alliance with each former nation that desperately was trying to save the humans, the animals, and the vegetation. The “old” United States of America government evolved into the “new” United North American government, excluding the former country of Canada which had been the northern part of the North American continent too.
Canada was a gigantic chuck of floating brown colored frozen ice plus the dead blue colored people, who had ignored the warning sign of death-danger from their own government newscast. Both the poor animals and the stupid people froze to death in their residential homes and did not migrating to the warmer climate in one of the many cities, the southern part of North American continent also.
So the best and the brightest men and women scientists were commissioned by a newly formed United Earth Government to construct and enclose the humans, the animals, the plants, the vegetation, and the other minor species in a dome or a biosphere, a transparent solar-enhanced sun-absorbing super-structure.
The super structures were categorized into three divisions.
One division represented the restricted military biospheres. The second division was the privately owned farm ecospheres. The last division consisted of resident biospheres that housed the rest of the alive and breathing people population on planet Earth.
For example, a military biosphere was strategically placed for protection near the other residential domes in one of four geographical directions north, south, east or west in the United North American continent. The military biospheres were controlled by the United North American Government and were restricted, guarded, and top secret. These domes were composed of highly trained and mean staff members with lots of big solar equipment, bigger solar vehicles, and the biggest solar weapons.
I had never seen a military biosphere up close and personal with my eyeballs and as, only my eyeballs saw it on my communications globe. I saw the military-people yell at the starving angry hungry folks during a couple of televised new broadcasts which had provided by the United Earth Government for a particular reason, because it was illegal to view an actual geographical site of any military biosphere, a stupid secret that did not bother me as a farmer.
And a farmer was not a high top secret priority subject matter for the United North American Government. I sighed with relief.
An ecosphere was a farm with farm land, farm works, farm livestock, woodlands plants, forest wildlife, and the most important commodity food. The half sphere glass covered dome was both clear and invisible, mostly to the human eye.
My home Starbelt Plantation was called a farm ecosphere. My ranch was officially and technically named Farm-North Bama by the United North American Government.
A farm ecosphere harvested crops and raised livestock. The farm products were shipped to one of many designated distribution markets in a geographical city-state. Each farm ecosphere was located north, south, east, and west of the main city-state, and was also self-sustained, producing its own meat, diary, chickens, vegetables, field crops, and farm livestock three hundred sixty-five days per year, twenty-four hours per day, sixty minutes per hour and sixty seconds per minute.
In the United North American government, the farm ecospheres, the military biospheres, and the residential domes were identified with a former United States of America “city” paired with a former United States of America “state.”
Hunts-Bama was the closest city-state biosphere to my farm Starbelt Plantation.
The Hunts-Bama biosphere both housed and employed people, who researched different and useful scientific technological methods that reinforced and improved the glass materials, making up the external portion of the dome. Each residential biosphere housed building towers, such like, houses, churches, schools, hospitals, merchandise plazas, entertainment bazaars, slaughter factories, and more.
The sophisticated satellite system monitored all the man-made super structures every second of every minute of every twenty-four-hours that made up a solar day, seven days per week and three hundred sixty-five days per calendar year. The computer system looked and identified a visual crack or an invisible leak or an annoying disruption from any type of small cracked fragment that exposed invisible ultraviolet radiation inside the dome or a teardrop pellet of acid rain that might accidentally drain inside the delicate biosphere of life.
One tiny crack in or on or around or inside the dome framework would permanently cause both disaster and death to the humans, the animals, and the plants.
Since the ozone collapse of the year 2028, the sun light intensity had increased by thirty-five percent, so planet Earth had gained nine minutes and twenty-eight seconds of extra sunlight and hot heat, every year.
The new percentage of both sun and heat had increased to fifty-six, last year, a jump of twenty-one percent and growing…
The extra light and heat strained the home-made super structure glass dome and depleted more of the limited natural resources on planet Earth by the greedy earthlings. When the ozone layer had broken open in the year 2028, the bright sunshine had made one single Earth day hot, long, and intense. Presently, even though the clear special-plated glass dome, the sun ray poured down on top of the super structure, creating some dangerous outcomes to trapped earthlings.
However, the added sunlight exposure over the landscape had proved to be a benefit for mankind too with the creative development of solar sun powered machines, vehicles, and homes for the surviving Earth folks. In turn, a new natural resource was used by earthlings to survive their homemade environment of deadly radiated toxins and chemical poisons that drifted over their heads and underneath their toes.
Currently, a solar sun house was equipped with a set of mechanical engines, capturing the exposed heat and sunlight, converting the heat into energy. This energy was called solar sun power which was provided by a set of mechanic engines. A daily zap of solar sun power ran the water supply system for beverages, pumped cool or hot wind into the vented air condition system for warmth, and operated all the kitchen appliances for food, the communication globes for socializing, and other minor computer systems for a family household.
I lived and worked with solar sun power that operated all the mechanic equipment on my farm, making my life both efficient and effective, growing healthy crops and animals, and not knowing any other way of living and surviving on Starbelt Plantation.
Ming and his older clan members enjoyed teasing their young kids with the tall tales of the “old” Earth ways, before the introduction of solar equipment in a homey dome.
I enjoyed hearing the stories about the old farm plantation in the year 1865 during the historical period, when the United States of America fought in the great Civil War between the north and south regions on the continent North American.
My great, great, great, great grandfather Starbelt emigrated from the foreign country England and purchased a plot of meadow from the United States of American government, planting crop seeds in the year 1865.
Two hundred plus years later, Starbelt Plantation still was producing cotton, corn, potatoes, soybeans, and wheat from the fertile red clay soil. Fresh clean water fed the ponds, the catfish, the bass, the trout, and other fish. The dairy cows supplied milk for butter and cheese, and the farm livestock included cows, pigs, horses, dogs, and cats. The outlaying forest sheltered an assortment of wild life, such as, birds, small rodents, coyotes, and deer.
I had inherited the farm from my grandmother, who was called Grandma Starbelt with mystery as I had accidentally uncovered a hidden family secret while purposefully snooping around the old family files.
There was a farming accident.
One of the hovering solar farm plows dropped, crashed, and killed my biological grandfather. My grandma never shared that the tragic incident with anyone else, but my friend Maritza shared the secret with me.
Maritza said that my grandma was very upset, shocked, depressed, distressed, and ordered the changing of her married last name back to her maiden name, Starbelt. My grandma modified all the legal and financial documents, reenlisting her maiden name in titles, deeds, books, letters, certificates, papers, and whispers.
And my grandma modified the last name of her dead biological son back to Starbelt also. Therefore, my last name was still carrying on the Starbelt title or legend or dynasty or whatever.
Strange, but true!
I mentally pondered her decision which was both very sad and very unique for a widower. To this day, I did not know her true married name. Not one person on Starbelt Plantation was allowed to speak her married last name either. So, I had stopped asking, inquiring, and researching for the lost name reference, and not enjoying the visit into the creepy Starbelt graveyard either.
However, I had sneaked around and found the tombstone of my grandfather in the old graveyard, but I discovered that the plain old gray colored stone was etched in John, his first name. My grandma was a strong, determined, and independent woman, who controlled everything on Starbelt Plantation, and ruled the estate house and plantation land with her newborn son Adam, her long-time friend and plantation overseer Ming, and eventually her cute and sweet granddaughter Starra.
Present day and time, I am Starra Starbelt, the current United North American Government ecosphere administrator for Starbelt Plantation here in the Hunts-Bama district, standing at five feet and one-inch tall or petite body frame, weighing in at ninety-five pounds and two ounces, possessing from the hair roots down to my waistline a head of black colored wavy hair that is sprinkled with long strands of dull silver gray tones, unexplained and ugly. I possess a triangle shaped face. Two almond shaped eye sockets hold a pair of gray colored pupils, a small pointy nose, two highly protruded cheekbones, and a cliff chin. And all are covered in a tone of golden tinted skin which was decorated with a set of dark tan colored freckles. I sigh with beauty.
I whispered not disturbing the sensitive computer brain on the console of the bike. “My jumbled history lesson’s over for today.” The bike slowed based on its pre-programmed destination, fading the musical tune, and lowered the machine down to the dirt. I sighed with royalty.


09:09 a.m.
Northeastern corner farm property
Gray clouds and blue sun with yellow sky
Hot and humid at 112°F


I slid off the bike and looked up with a stern facee to see the skyline that had changed from tons of green to gray colored clouds, a pink to blue colored sun, and an orange to yellow skyline. I looked down with a smile to see the soil. The cow scene was exactly like my day dream inside my mental mind, standing in my boots at my house. So I was a mythical Tele being, who could predict future events both mystery and misty. I sighed with amusement.
I stood and crossed my biceps, watching the mama cow.
She and her expanded girth of an unborn calf were trapped between the second and third twisted rows of the barbed wire in the fence post. Someone had cut the wire for the animal. So she slowly flopped flat on the ground in heavy labor. At nine in the morning, among the bright blue colored sunrays, the cow finally delivered a healthy baby calf. Mama cow crawled on her knees out from under the twisted fence and stood by her cute calf, mooing affection to her newborn. I sighed with delight.
“Life is amazing,” Ming said with a nod and a smile to the cow.
The farm hands and I watched the newborn try to walk cute-like towards its mama and then fell down towards the ground. The calf stood up and fell down again and finally stood upright reaching out, touching a wet muzzle tip on the side of its mama.
I said with a smile to the newborn. “Everything is fine.” I watched both the cow and her calf leave the pasture before ordering the repairs to the broken fence post. I sighed with happiness.


10:10 a.m.
Dirt road toward home
Golden sky and pink clouds with red sun
Humid and sunny at 120°F


I inspected the stinky chicken coops, the smelly horse stalls, and the pretty clean, if ya did not inhale the odor of dog pee and kitty poop, animal clinics on the northwest side of my farm with an occasional social word or two with the farm human for the rest of morning and afternoon.
I slid in the seat of the solar bike, leaning back my hair strands on the head rest, closing my eyelashes, and placed both my boot heels on the handles, my favored pose, yelling to the stupid machine. “Wake up! Lift up! Twenty-two miles per hour! Rock and roll song!” The bike awoken with a ping and shook with a ting for activation. The music blasted with a bong from the tiny speakers, scaring both the birds and the bees and as, the bike lifted up from the dirt with a hiss and putt-putt with a growl in the air to my home.
Everyone had a task to perform on the ecosphere which contributed to their welfare and my…naw…their protection inside a man-made dome, ya’ll.
Starbelt Plantation provided residential living homes for a single or a married household unit with a set of cool solar bikes and loving affectionate pets. The Starbelt homes were systematically and directionally built in north, south, east, and west positions that provided security, protection, and care for all the animals (to eat) and maturing crops (to eat). The animal number totaled 2,199 cows, 334 horses, 255 pigs, 132 chickens, 72 roosters, 28 dogs, 23 cats, 15 puppies and 13 kittens with an assortment of wildlife that occupied the woodlands and underneath the pond water.
Ming and his wife Maritza tested all the farm children at the age of four years old for intelligence, aptitude, aptness, and attitude to determine a suitable farm position which was also appropriate for his or her personality. The farm positions varied in job duties, such like, crop planters, tractor drivers, vehicle mechanics, school teachers, animal veterinarians, computer programmers, people babysitters, and home housekeepers. Each family unit was paid both money and food for their talents, because the Earth term work was never used for my non-blood family members.
Children of three years old attended the farm school to learn reading, writing, language skills, math problems, and science experiments. Five years old kids had the fun and easy job tasks, petting and grooming all the baby kittens and baby puppies born on my farm.
Starbelt Plantation held a government issued license for field cultivation and animal breeding, in addition, the farm was allowed to raise both kittens and puppies as home pets for sale to prospective clients, who both lived and worked in the local residential biospheres.
As more and more geographical continents and the foreign countries completely perished under the atmosphere ozone deterioration, people fled from their homes to strange cities and rural towns seeking shelter, foraging for food, and leaving behind their household pets to suffer starvation and die, cruelly. So under the new United Earth government law, a few selected farm ecospheres were empowered with a special license to control and to monitor the breeding of both adult dogs and cats.
Thus, the total number of these beautiful domesticated pets on Earth was very, very limited.
Each baby animal was recorded in a satellite computer database each month at the specific farm. A cat or dog application required a certification letter directly from the United Earth Government, before a family unit could own a pet. There was a shortage of food for the existing alive and breathing 8,612,387 people on abused and used planet Earth now and much less feeding and housing loose stray and hungry dogs and cats.
I was required to sell at least two kittens or two puppies to keep my United Earth Government pet license current, but I always felt sad when the baby animal left for its new home. German shepherds and golden retrievers were the only puppy breeds on my farm as these canines made the best ranch dogs to round up a cattle herd or to find a lost calf in the middle of thousands of acres of crop fields, woodlands, and forests.
Life was not always work on Starbelt Plantation. There was fun and enjoyment also.
Every Saturday morning for both work and fun, Ming would fly inside the solar train with his agricultural employees to the Hunts-Bama biosphere, and he ensured that the crop shipments were delivered to the distribution center and the compartment of live livestock went to the slaughter factories also.
However, the sun rose at four in the morning and the sun set at eleven in the evening with an early sunrise and sunset which provided eighteen hours, thirteen minutes, eight seconds, and two milliseconds of more heat and light for an early working day on Starbelt Plantation.
The scientific engineers designed and perfected the solar car to travel inside an enclosed wind channel or wind tunnel. The new technology expanded to a set of larger solar buses and longer solar trains which contained multiple compartments for both human and non-human passengers.
The farm ecospheres, the residential domes, and the military biospheres were made of a substance called super glass. The super glass was a composite of silicon dioxide and sand, visually and chemically similar to regular window glass. There was an additional property of translucent color that provided invisibility of the dome to the human eyeball and as the human could see the ugly outside world from their sealed and trapped prison bubble.
The super glass in solid form easily endured and permanently survived against the hostile radiated poisonous oxygen-deprived atmosphere on planet Earth. The glass dome also repelled the daily bombardment of the funky colored ultraviolet rays from the ever-changing colored solar sun.
Note: The sun was colored yellow in black and cold outer space, but on planet Earth the radiated clouds made the solar sun picture twist each hour to a funky rainbow hue for danger.
After each biosphere had been successfully tested and built, transportation became a second problem for earthlings in the year 2028.
Biospheres were located thousands of miles apart from a city-state which made the old style airports and airplanes useful at first. As more layers of the stratosphere burnt and dropped down a shower of teardrop shaped yellow colored acid rain plus chunks of purple colored radiated outer space debris from the colored clouds, the conventional mode of transportation became too deadly and too dangerous for both man and beast.
So a new carrier system was created and called a wind tunnel.
The numerous wind tunnels were constructed at the entry point of each dome, and one biosphere had numerous entry ports which was represented by a single directional tunnel of north, south, east, and west.
The Starbelt Plantation wind channel traveled south to the Hunts-Bama biosphere.
The wind channels were hollow, wide, and sorta empty of debris, where the solar vehicles could fly up to 525 miles per hour on top of invisible air currents underneath the black tinted glass cover.
The wind tunnel theory was based on a solar wind pump theory. The pump gathered and stored the daylight heat in a mechanic power converter. The converter blew hot air through the wind channel in one direction to each dome as a bed of invisible air carried one solar vehicle to its final destination.
The city-state domes were also equipped with both solar buses and solar trains that were used to transport people to and from the work factories and the fun shopping plazas.
Traveling a wind tunnel was restricted only for the farm or military solar vehicles, because a human lived from a birth to a death in one single biosphere.
Servicing a farm ecosphere required an outer space satellite security system, hovering solar vehicles, and floating communication globes that were a set of very expensive financial gifts from the United North American Government to each farm ecosphere administrator.
This made my job easy. I provided the land, the animals, and the personnel. I sighed with duty.
The weekly farm duty ended on Saturday morning with the delivery of the food and the livestock to the Hunts-Bama biosphere and then the fun time began. The farm personnel shopped the merchandise plazas, visited the fun carnivals, and played inside the entertainment bazaars as one person stayed behind that would be Starra.
I guarded the farm ecosphere for any unexpected emergencies. For the historical Earth record, the number of emergencies to date had been zero.
Sunday was a day of rest as stated inside The Holy Book for both the farm animal and the farm people where the tradition had been started by Grandma Starbelt. So, I continued it. In the early evening, I invited the Ming clan which included his wife, children, grandchildren, great grandchildren, brothers, sisters, uncles, aunts, nephews, nieces, and cousins with all their spouses to my house for both dinner and dancing. The children of Ming took turns preparing and cooking the food. I did not cook but eat a lot for a growing teen which came from the open pitted fire grills too. Every man, woman, and child ate big helpings of steak, chicken, catfish, hamburgers, fresh vegetables, fresh fruit, fresh baked breads, and desserts as the older folks told and retold the old and ancient story tales about the land and the people during the suppertime meal.
I found my life on Starbelt Plantation pleasurable, predictable, and plentiful.
Some of the other financial wealthy organizations, after the 2028 ozone ruin had created individual homes for its people and its family members named secular biospheres. I saw the biospheres on the communications globe, where children as young as three years old worked in the crop fields and gathered food. It was outrageous! This type of secular activity angered many citizens in the residential biospheres also. However, the United North American Government did not halt the process, because the government barely could provide working jobs for their people to buy food and cover all their family financial expenses also. Therefore, the government did not interfere with the other isolated and independent secular biospheres that provided people with both food and shelter on the cruel world of Earth.
I did not approve of injustice either, but this was the way of life to survive on planet Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy. I sighed with frustration.


07:07 p.m.
Home of Starra
Southwestern corner of plantation
Red sky and pink clouds with blue sun
Humid and sunny at 122°F


“One more hill,” I wiggled my numb butt-hole into the saddle of the bike, yelling to the stupid computer, “Heavy metal.” A song of heavy metal music of both banging drums and straining electric guitars entertained my eardrums and as, my eyeballs saw the Starbelt mansion up ahead on the bike path.
My house possessed eighteen bedrooms, thirteen bathrooms, two kitchens, three living rooms, four dens, and eight garages as the mansion had grown bigger, wider, and higher with each ruling Starbelt administrator. He or she had added to the dynasty and displayed his or her wealth both inside and outside the grand Starbelt castle.
The exterior mansion consisted of red and brown colored clay bricks, a wrap-around front and rear view porch, white concrete sidewalks, a set of gleaming silver tinted steel doors, white colored pine wood framed window panes, and a pink colored clay tile roof. And all were housed underneath a quadrangle shape.
A quadrangle was a giant rectangular shaped, where my house had four separate wings which protruded in four different geographic directions, going to the north, the south, the east, and the west.
Her grandma had partitioned the house in half with a separate kitchen and a living room for her privacy, allowing Starra the other part of the house. So cool, a teenager owned half of a castle.
Her grandma felt that Starra needed her privacy growing up on the farm. In reality, she wanted her eardrums to avoid all the different type of noises that a teenager created and produced.
After her funeral, I closed off her area of the house and executed her Last Will and Testimony as best I could. She left some of her antiques to her closest friends in the Ming clan. The other half of the junk was collecting both cobwebs and dust bunnies underneath the ghostly white sheets. I did not have the heart to discard any of her personal items yet, maybe next year.
I mumbled, “Home.” The bike halted with a ting and dropped down to the red clay with a hiss.
I jumped off the seat, skipping up the newly repaired brick steps, noting the front door was unlocked. Yeah, I turned the knob always. A bright green color button on the front door alerted me that Maritza was here fixing my supper again.
I was 17 years, 7 months, 7 days, 7 hours, 7 minutes, 7 seconds and 7 milliseconds old and not capable of cooking, cleaning, and taking care of my person, and not having a husband or a boyfriend or a date to the picnic brunch, next Sunday. I sighed in annoyance.
Throwing my baseball cap on the clean table and my wind jacket on the shiny floor, I leaped on the bright red, blue, and yellow colored ugly flower patterned sofa, propping my dirty red clay boots on top of the mahogany table.
Then I heard.
“Missy, your grandma’s rolling over in her grave.” Maritza charged in the room, wearing a distorted face of her funny fish lips and her ugly crinkled forehead.
I totally ignored it all, resting my dirty hair on the sofa neck rest, closing my eyelashes, humming with the rock and roll song that played from the speakers in my house.
My grandma was in heaven with her husband John, her son Adam, her daughter-in-law Betty. Yeah, baby, I was here alone. I sighed with sadness.
Maritza said with a sour frown. “Messing up her expensive antique table with your dirty boots. Put them down at once.” She grabbed Starra by the right boot toe, dragging it across the table, and beautifully smeared more of boot’s red clay across the table surface.
My boot toe landed on the hard wood floor with a thump.
I lived inside a sealed, locked, and protected ecosphere, since birth, ya’ll. It started out fun, playing with the baby kittens and puppies, racing on the wind bikes, jetting to the top of the glass dome, and coming back down to the ground like a pretended car race as my grandma performed her visual inspection of the farm buildings.
Then, the pretended fun became the boring drag with the same old routine, second after second, minute after minute, hour after hour, day after day, month after month, and year after year, because the older you got, the more dangerous the farm…farmer’s life became. I sighed with doom.
Something could seriously go wrong. Everyone could die in a funky colored sun solar flash.
But I was not going be a “doom’s day Donna” and let that happen on my plantation or in my lifetime, because all the farm personnel had been trained and re-trained to handle such emergencies.
In the year 2028 from the Starbelt family books, Grandma Starbelt had held the farm together for many years without her beloved husband and with her infant son and truly lived and breathed Starbelt Plantation. And her only social hobby had been purchasing antiques which came from the far away biospheres all over the planet. The purchased antiques were shipped to her farm ecosphere to decorate her private living suite.
In the year 2028 ozone collapse, all earthlings had fled from their homes, cities, towns, and nations, carrying their children, food, and very few precious material valuables with them. The wealthier households had been able to bring both their personal items of furniture and their antique heirlooms.
After each residential biosphere had opened, the entry had been free for every man, woman, and child until the living units were fully occupied. Very soon, greed had become the new neighbor while cash had become the king of the dome.
The wealthy citizens had quickly learned to grease the open palms of the biosphere officials with wads of money, freely unmarked and unaccounted by the United Government auditors. Money had brought not only one living unit, but an entire apartment floor of units along with a rapid entrance in a medical facility and an ample supply of merchandise from fleets of personal solar cars to shelves of personal satellite computers, except one precious item food.
Food had been distributed and issued by the military personnel, who had shouldered a live and loaded weapon which had consisted of two hand pistols, two long rifles, and two palmed stun batons. Thus, the military had represented law and order, peace and justice, and punishment and death at each city-state biosphere, because the United Earth Government might had been newly created, but the government officials had been wisely smart.
People had been suffering mentally, emotionally, and physically from the loss of their family members, their health, their property, their possessions, their home pets, and their friends all over the world. So, a warm plate of food had been the only resource which offered both comfort and security for earthlings to survive this terrible crisis.
Each existing farm had immediately become the possession of the United Earth Government all the world over and had been covered up with the new see-through glass dome that housed miles and miles of healthy crops and viable woodlands. The United Earth government had also donated the expensive farm solar equipment and numerous farm workers for a mass production of food, operating twenty-four hours per day, seven days per week, and fifty-two weeks per year to feed the starving earthlings, who lived inside the biospheres.
Starbelt Plantation had been financially successful as a homestead for over two centuries. The Starbelt clan had been rich with money, property, and resources. The 2028 ozone crisis had helped to escalate the crop growth from nine months out of the year to twelve for the newly built city-state biospheres, housing people, plants, and animals, an adjusted life style on planet Earth.
In the year 2040 from the Starbelt family history book, my great grandfather Starbelt had felt sympathy for the other citizens, who had lived inside the overcrowded biospheres, and conserved his personal share of both resources and money. In the year 2028, if the human had been exposed to the outside twirls of radiation soil or was attacked by a sky private that flew around in the radiated sky, then the human had died swiftly.
My grandma had been the first Starbelt baby born in a farm ecosphere, her sealed plastic bubble. She could not open a door and step into the outside world of Earth without experiencing both pain and suffering in her fragile human body. So she watched on the communications globe the programs and the people, who lived and worked in their sealed bubbles too.
And the people also had to earn money to buy food and feed their kids. On the globe, the people would advertise about bartering their skills or selling personal items for food or money.
She had been fascinated with some of the nifty commodities that she saw on the communications globe.
One day, young female Starbelt had proposed to her father that he should purchase some of the merchandise in the biosphere from the residents in exchange for food. Her father did not see the harm as he was a very compassion man and thought the idea held noble merit and contributed to the lost cause, earthlings.
Thus, Grandma Starbelt had found her passion in life, helping mankind and redecorating her Starbelt bedroom, all at the same time.
Present day and time, on top of the solar bike, I smiled with a goofy grin, thinking fondly about my grandma, her dream, and her old furniture neatly stored in the west wing of my house. Her passion still flowed to every room, corner, nook, and cranny of Starbelt Plantation.
The wool rugs in an array of bold colors of black, red, and green came from the United Asia biosphere and covered all my hardwood floors. The tables of destroyed trees of maple, oak, birch, and cherry which held an assortment of numerous tiny breakable glass ornaments on the top of the wooden shelves came from the United Europe biosphere and occupied every space of colored paint in all my hallways.
There were rocking chairs, sitting chairs, sitting sofas, bed frames, chests, armoires, dressers, and bureaus that possessed funny carvings of dead animals and strange geometric figures which were engraved on the wooden legs, arms, and seat rests from the United South American biosphere were housed in every room of my house.
Maritza called the furniture classic antiques.
I called it junk, and I must rid of it before next year, making a mental note.
“I’m done. The house’s nice and tidy.” Maritza said with a smile, handing Starra a cup of freshly squeezed red fruit juice like a toddler, and showed a sour face with her silent message: Do it again or else?
I looked up with a smile to see Maritza as a person, a monitor, and a friend, since “that day.”
In the year 2099 from the Starbelt family history book, Grandma Starbelt had preparing her only blood relative for a lifetime role, the new administrator of Starbelt Plantation.
My first task had been to learn the mainframe programming computer language, controlling the important life functions on the farm inside a glass dome.
With suspicion, housekeeper and nosy Maritza had watched and recorded with both her eyeballs and her quick thinking brain cells that the teen had made a series of reoccurring mistakes which continued to be repeated and repeated and repeated.
Maritza was the housekeeper, performing her service very well and very efficiently, but her real underlying motive was to secretly assist Starra in her satellite training.
The primary duty for the ecosphere administrator was learning and maintaining the satellite life support system. I was the primary computer programmer who handled and touched all the satellite data, the software upgrades, the application updates, and the computer repairs. The numerous software applications controlled the oxygen, the sunlight, the water supply, the rain, and the outer defense mechanics from any outdoor threats of electrical thunder storms or descending outer space debris or basically the safety of every person, plant, and animal. I sighed with responsibility.
I was nervous, seeing the plantation housekeeper mysteriously appear to clean the bathroom in the computer room or tidy up the computer shelves every time my satellite lessons were to begin with my grandma. To me, Maritza was always looming around like a shadow hidden in some dark corner of the room and stalking my hair roots. I sighed with annoyance.
I was a good teenager, a good academic student, a skilled horse woman, exceeding the expectations of my grandma, and learning the complicated satellite programs. In return, I was independent with a slight touch of arrogance and overconfidence. I sighed with teen-ness.
In the year 2104 from the Starbelt family history book, inside the computer room setting at 11:11 p.m. during a green, red, blue, pink and orange colored sunset, I had been 13 years, 13 days, 13 hours, 13 minutes, 13 seconds and 13 milliseconds old, implementing my solo task to set, load, and execute all the life support computer applications for Starbelt Plantation. It had been a typical day on the farm, harvesting crops, feeding livestock, and school learning for the children. When the farm chores had ended, the set of supper plates had been served and then each person had retired for the evening.
After supper mealtime, I sat in a semi-cold and semi-dark computer room, pressed an orange colored button, and activated the sunset satellite software, a rain pattern to water both the field crops and fresh streams.
Rain came from the underground tunnels of storage earth water. The rain erupted down from the mechanic faucets on the top of the glass, moistened the field crops down to the root level below the soil, and replenished the clean sweet tasting underground water reservoirs for feeding the ponds, the lakes, the horse barn troths, the house water wells, and my hot bathtub in a few more minutes.
I heard the rain as it hit down on the rooftop of my home, smiling with a giggle of my first accomplished solo task for the evening.
I pressed a green colored button and started an illumination pattern from a bright day light ray to a dull night light beam. The ecosphere internal environmental controls stimulated varying degrees of artificial shading from a bright morning yellow light to a midnight black darkness for the comfort of both the animals and the people. Thus, every person, animal, and plant needed to rest, sleep, and regenerate.
I could not see the view windows in my home as I was trapped in the enclosed computer room, but I could feel…sense that it was dark inside the dome for some weird reason.
I wiggled my fingers, reaching and pressing a purple colored button that rebooted all the solar equipment at sunrise for the next morning farm chores on Starbelt Plantation. The application shut down all non-essential machines and robots for the evening.
During my tutelage, computer programming was a group of logical commands instructed in a step-by-step process of computer routines and subroutines. The first routine started the procedure with the command word: BEGIN. And the second routine completed the sequence with the command word: END. A third routine showed on the computer screen 0.0 errors. I sighed with happiness.
However, the satellite procedures were very lengthy and very long which ate into my teen selfish time.
Thus, this night I sat on my fanny numb for three hours, three minutes, three seconds and three milliseconds, watching and waiting for the never-ending computer screen to repeat the same pattern over and over, again. It blinked in yellow colors, then blinked in blue colors, then blinked in green colors, and finally executed the next command in the color of red. Then it blinked in yellow colors, then blinked in blue colors, then blinked in green colors, and finally executed another command in the color of red. I sighed with repeat.
So, that evening, I worked a few minutes more on developed a brilliant beyond brilliant new computer program that modified the life support application, and ran the apps faster and efficient. So I eliminated my baby sitting duty for each subroutine stage. And I created a cute colored confirmation flag like the one that flew on the top of my house.
I did not recall when the tradition of flag flying started, but my flag was solid black colored with a big white colored fluffy kitten in the middle, waving side to side in the artificial air of the dome.
The next day, during the nighttime hours inside the computer room setting at 11:12 p.m. during a green moon and golden sky with yellow clouds, I had been 13 years, 14 days, 14 hours, 14 minutes, 14 seconds, and 14 milliseconds old, pressing a white colored button that implemented my application, and merged all the individual applications together, running them in one logical step.
In techie theory, when the evening file finished, a flag design would appear in a pretty pattern of blue and yellow colors with a single word in green colors: COMPLETE.
My logic was beautifully flawless. My programs were brilliantly coded. My tests were successful too. I sighed with self-importance.
Unfortunately, I had forgotten one small significant detail that all computer programs carried and executed a series of backup commands, in case an accidental app failure. Then all the functioning computer systems automatically shut off, because the application failure was constituted as a dang dire dangerous deadly emergency situation for the farm, the animals, and the people, and me on Starbelt Plantation.
I punched up the console menu, watching my new computer application, hearing a ping of working mechanical circuits. The circuits whined and swirled inside the four feet high by two feet wide metal box that housed CPU (central processing unit or brain) accessing my new application. I sighed with brilliance.
I slammed my shoulders against the back rest of the desk chair and as, the chair hit the mint green paint job on the wall with a boom. I placed both my boot soles on the desk surface, shifted my bend arms behind my rear skull, closing my eyelashes for a short catnap.
My work was done.
The yellow colored box appeared on the console screen showing a single word in blue colored letters: BEGIN.
I peek-a-booed my right eyelash open and monitored my brilliant computer work. My eyeballs saw a silver box overlay on the screen displaying a single word in bright red letters: ABORT.
I gasped, shooting out of my comfortable chair with both my palms on the work station, eyeing the computer screen and as, my mind was frozen in both space and time with the wrongness of the problem.
Time passed like hours.
My eyeballs saw a red colored blinking screen. My fragile little mind calculated and analyzed the problem. I sighed with worry.
A blur of glossy black colored hair and two long brown colored arms pushed Starra aside from the console and as, her brown tinted fingers rapidly typed a set of untranslatable geometric symbols into the highlighted red colored box.
The flashing word ABORT stopped and was replaced with a single word in green colored letters: READY.
I turned with a sour frown to see Maritza and as my burnt nerve endings tingled with raw emotions ranging from upset, embarrassed, relieved, betrayed, and finally into mad. “Thank you…” The word finally stumbled out of my curled lips.
Maritza turned with a wicked smirk to see Starra, and displayed that hidden message that my grandma quoted all the time: Everything is fine.
During the late night hours, Maritza and I rewrote the codes and replaced my aborted programs with a series of new and improved software applications, creating that fairy tale very happy ending, because Maritza saved the farm, not stupid I. We both agreed not to tell my grandma, since I had learned a very valuable life lesson and discovered a new friend, foreverly.
I turned with a nod and a smile to see Maritza which bonded our secret together and forever.
However, I could not keep the lie from my grandma, who both trusted and depended on me to take over and run Starbelt Plantation, after she had left planet Earth and traveled to the great beyond.
So, I rat-tattled. Grandma Starbelt was not mad at her granddaughter either. I explained why I had reprogrammed the sunset routines and what set of the deadly consequences might have happened, if Maritza had not intervened.
Grandma Starbelt laughed with a smile. “That old bat! Did Maritza tell you how she saved my fanny a time or two?”
I shook my bangs into my eyeballs, sharing an infectious laugh with her, pondering both our deep dark secrets.
Present day at 08:08 p.m. at the home of Starra Starbelt with a red tinted sky, blue colored clouds and a pink colored on a humid and hot day, the sphere rushed through the hallway, flashing with a blink and sounding with a whistle.
I re-propped my body on the sofa and as, my boot toes smiled up to the ceiling on top of the coffee table next to the beverage.
“Another emergency!” I kicked and spilled the juice with my right boot over the table surface.
The communication globe stopped in front of Starra, showing a yellow colored flash for an audio and visual message as the screen lifted up for a communication presentation.
Communications globe science was a remarkably advancement for earthlings as an eight inched diameter floating silver ball carried a world of communication at your fingertips. The globe represented a landline telephone, a mobile telephone, a television, a radio, a telegraph, a stereo, a fax machine, a laptop, and a photo scanner that were all rolled into a one single compact unit. A person could talk to anyone on the other side of the planet and relay audio, visual, and numeric data by pressing a single button.
The sphere could maneuver around the trees, the plants, the houses, the barns, and the animals without damage to the outer shell. The silver tinted plate cover protected the interior wires and cables. A specific colored light which was located around the belly of the sphere indicated the type of message being sent, such like, red for an emergency message or green for a voice message or yellow for a visual hologram or silver tinted for a data report. The roaming devise was activated by voice command and used both external and internal sensory instruments and sonar devices to track the nearest human based on their heat temperatures in the biological body.
Ming said with a smile via the globe communication screen. “Starra, I have crop and livestock numbers by category for the distribution center at the Hunts-Bama dome. Do you want it audio or visual?”
“Visual.” I jumped off the sofa as the juice drained over the clean floor and sorta followed me, well, followed the bottom of my boot sole. We, three moved to the desk terminal in the kitchen, printing the data report.
My last task for the evening was to review and to adjust the permanent farm estimations, because the United North American Hunts-Bama distribution center electronically sent my money payment every Monday before the arrival of my farm goods to the food bank. I stupidly thought that something could go wrong before the Saturday morning delivery deadline.
There were always animal deaths and scorched crops that could not be sold in the plazas or consumed by man or beast. This was another good example of #@$ United Earth Government waste.
I watched and reviewed the printed report.
In the year 2031 from Earth’s history, as the food consumption rate had rose to a new level in the newly built city-state biospheres, the independent farmers, who owned a farm ecosphere, became very rich. The farmers had sent out burnt crop produce, sick livestock, and phantom goods to the city-state distribution centers, because they had been paid with monies in advance based on the not-good enough computer estimations. The farm owner had complained that they needed the advancement of funds to purchase field seedlings, food staples, and pay personnel at the farm ecosphere to function on a seven-day work farm schedule.
The United North American Government biosphere officials had finally gotten wiser, wasting money did not harm anyone, but the withholding of precious food had been both unsafe and dangerous. The starving occupants of the existing biospheres had started riots and destroyed public and private property when food was not available for their hungry tummies.
Thus, the United North American Government had been forced to interfere with the privately owned farms.
A United North American Government law had passed that required all farm owners to obtain a government certificate to manage a farm ecosphere. When many of the plantation owners could not pass the rigor government test which was composed of math, science, and legal questions, the government appointed a certified farm ecosphere administrator to manage the farm. The certified farm ecosphere administrator had supervised the weekly shipments to the starving people in the city-state domes.
So, the plan had been very successful. The people had received food. The farms had produced better goods. The plantation owners had received their monies.
My great grandfather Starbelt did not cheat the city-state biospheres of vital food or play the food system for additional government monies, so he would underestimate his farm goods to protect his dome, his family, and his reputation. Starbelt was a very wise man and learned to operate every United North American Government computer, solar equipment, and manual device on his farm. He passed the farm certification with a ninety-five percent completion rate and was named the Farm-North Bama ecosphere administrator. He was totally responsible for the day-to-day operation, as well as, preparing the United North American Government weekly reports to the distribution center located in the Hunts-Bama biosphere.
Grandma Starbelt had been granted the ecosphere administrator title after passing her academic examinations, too.
Thus, I had passed my tests with ninety points out of a possible total of hundred, and managed the farm, also.
“You are expected to pass, Starra, because no other person can run our plantation but a Starbelt.” Grandma had always reminded her granddaughter every millisecond, every second, every minute, every hour, and every day of her life.
Present day and time inside the living setting at Starra’s house, I stood in the middle of the room and yelled out loud, “Maritza.” I heard my lovely echo throughout the hallway, plopping down on the floral sofa for a third time in my dirty jeans, enjoying my second cold beverage of red fruit juice, welcoming a peaceful evening. Maritza was gone. The baby calf was eating its dinner with its mama. The weekly estimates were transmitted. I closed my eyelashes, letting the heated events of the day slip off my collar bone. My life was wonderful on my farm. My neurons could not imagine being any place else on planet Earth. My plantation was not a government ecosphere but my piece of Earth, my home, my job, and my future. I sighed with contentment.
I was an ecosphere administrator, one of the youngest and richest in the United North America government, and I was capable of purchasing more land to start a second farm ecosphere, if I wanted.
I pondered that day dream too.
My farm staff received outstanding benefits and excellent security as members of Starbelt Plantation. Ming and Maritza were not employees at Starbelt Plantation. They were my family unit, who educated, disciplined, and assisted me with their good guidance and wise advice during my current teen-in-training into adulthood.
I said with a smile and a giggle. “I’m one lucky earthling.”
The sphere of the communication globe raced down the hallway, sounding with a beep, flashing in a red colored blink. It halted in front of Starra. I yelled at the twirling silver in front of my freckled face. “What of it, now? Open!”
“This is a message for the ecosphere administrator of Starbelt Plantation. You, your family members, and the 142 listed dome workers are ordered and required to report for a United North America government test, tomorrow, at ten in the morning to Medical Facility Five in the Hunts-Bama biosphere. Testing for each individual requires one minute, six seconds and three milliseconds for completion. This is a mandatory test. No person is exempt. If you deny any person access to testing, you will be fined 813,901 dollars and 78 cents with imprisonment of your person for eight days, three hours, two minutes, four seconds and fifteen milliseconds. This transmission ends.” The screen displayed a series of silver and white colored rows of static.
“Testing?” I scratched my dirty hair with a set of dirtier finger nails, ordering, “News.”
The communication globe beamed a smiling blonde haired reporter, wearing a red colored jacket to my peach painted wall. That was why all the walls were painted in pastel colors to see each visual transmission in one dimension figures. I sighed with intrigue.
“Earth is dying.” The reporter said with a smile on the wall that reflected from the beam of the communication globe. “The Hunts-Bama dome has learned from a reliable source that the six remaining governments United Europe, United Asia, United Africa, United Middle East, United South American, and United North America have formed a new branch within the United Earth Government. The branch is designed for space missions not to study intergalactic theories but to send a team of astronauts to another planet outside our galaxy. All citizens will be contacted by a city-state biosphere representative in two days, four hours, eight minutes, ten seconds and three milliseconds about the details of testing and implementing this strange and bold plan for earthlings. I will repeat this statement again. Earth is dying…”
“Off.” I said softly. I sighed with puzzlement.
Earth Day 6,428 of my birth


9:41 a.m.
Starbelt Plantation location
Pink sky with orange clouds and purple sun and green rain
Wet and humid at 103ºF
Entrance of the air tunnel setting


I set the cruise and speed control panel on the console of the solar train.
Ming slipped into his copilot seat, smiling with excitement of the new day. “Cargo and crew are ready for takeoff, captain.”
I mumbled in angry, tapping on the gears. “I should be here and not bouncing around the city like a tourist.” I sighed with frustration.
Farm administrators understood protocol, especially government protocol. Protocol dictated that Saturday was a travel day, not today. The farm employees deserved time off work and I respected that work concept.
The overseer arranged duty, sick, and leave days for the farm staff, but today was different. Today, there was to be no planting or no harvesting or no clearing of the fresh crops and minimal animal care that was being performed by the medical robots on Starbelt Plantation.
Everyone was excited and nicely dressed in their comfortable clothes for the joy ride of twenty-one minutes and thirty-four seconds inside the solar train as they shuffled one person at a time into the train compartment, and whispered about this sudden wind tunnel trip to the Hunts-Bama biosphere.
Ming, the head member of the family calmed their concerns, and fibbed that it was time for an annual medical scan at the Medical Center for a free lunch at the plaza and a day of free shopping with no farm duties. I sighed with disappointment.
Ming and his people looked alike in appearance, possessing short body frames, an olive tinted skin tone, glossy black colored straight hair, and a pair of beautiful almond shaped brown colored eyes. Each person held a simple expression without a smile, because he or she expressed their emotions with their eyes, such like, happy, sad, glad, and mad.
As a five-year-old child, I thought that the entire clan of Ming relatives as my relatives too. I possessed waist length black colored hair, of course. However, my eyeball color was gray, not brown. My skin tone was golden tinted with tan colored freckles, not a smooth olive colored hue.
When I was ten years old I realized that I was different, because I did not reference any member of the clan member as my brother, my uncle, my nephew, my sister, my aunt, my niece or my cousin that was one clue. The second clue appeared in my hair, a series of thick silver tinted strands of locks, shimmering from my cow lick on the left side and going down to my waist in black color.
Every day, I received a new growth of silver tint like an elder senior citizen, making me totally freakingly different. I sighed with surprise.
Flipping an internal communication switch, I said to the television screen. “Control Tower, this is Farm-North Bama ecosphere. We are ready, set, and go for a launch to Hunts-Bama. The final destination is Medical Facility Five.”
The Hunts-Bama biosphere controller said with a smiling face on the tiny screen. “Farm-North Bama ecosphere, you are good for go on my mark. Three, two, one, and launch.”
I leaned into the seat, relaxing and smiling to my co-pilot. The solar train flew on top of the concrete slab with eight inches of space between the metal at a top speed of 525 miles per hour. The flying train ride coupled with the flight lingo sounded like an outer space star ship adventure trip. However, I found that enjoyed watching the ancient Hollywood movie films on my communications globe for my fun and my entertainment too. I sighed with excitement.
In the year 2029 from Earth’s history, each solar train had been designed for both fast and safe transportation and not luxury, wearing a metal shell of silver. The exterior metal had protected both the human flesh and the animal body parts from the flying junk of rubbish and trash that hit the exterior cover inside the wind tunnel.
A typical interior compartment housed 53 people, who sat on top of a cushioned chair or dropped the seat down into a reclining position for sleeping through the colored hologram program on the forward television screen on the wall panel.
There was not a single tiny window port for any eyeball sightseeing. A computer was programmed to display an entertainment movie or repeat a pretty landscape scene in each travel compartment for both the human and the non-human occupants on one or more wall panels.
Each seat possessed a head gear for a musical song or a musical program or privacy of the other eardrums.
In the livestock carriage, a repeating scene of both audio and visual sounds showed tall green colored trees, singing blue colored birds, fake green colored grass, and a gushing water stream for passing the time and calming the animals.
There was an assortment of colorful cartoon programs for the young children to watch, an array of music entertainment programs for the teenagers to listen, and numerous commodity shows for the young adults to discuss. In the older adult compartments, they spent the ride planning the agenda of shopping plazas and the entertainment bazaars to visit, to play, and to eat during the day, afternoon, and late evening.
A biosphere controller monitored the incoming and outgoing vehicles through the wind tunnel that was pre-programmed by the computer for each biosphere in the city-state dome. So an active and alert controller could override any transport coming in the tunnel with a touch of a single button which was due to a stupid pilot, who was having some fun speeding and soaring at 525 miles per hour, out of control.
The controller scheduled the arrival and departure of each solar train, making the wind tunnel a safe and a secure mode of transportation than in the past days, after the ozone collapse of 2028. Earlier, wind travel had allowed a stupid or a smart pilot to select any dome path at any top speed which caused numerous train accidents and lots of dead people that occurred too frequently. The dead lives prompted the creation of a main control tower at each city-state biosphere.
In past decades, the Hunt-Bama controller pressed a single button, sending a lonely silver tinted train to the Hunt-Bama biosphere and then sending it back to Starbelt Plantation, because there had never been another solar car, bus, or train visit the farm ecosphere.


Present day and time
9:55 a.m.
Hunts-Bama Biosphere
Red sky and golden clouds with green sun
Hot and sunny at 106ºF


“Welcome to Medical Facility Five! Please exit to your right. You can follow the yellow colored line to the entrance of the building,” the automated communications globe greeted the new visitors, who stepped off the solar train and pounded their boots into a busy lobby of the medical facility.
The Starbelt Plantation staff was on time, walking through the assigned wing of the Medical Center for the United North America Government required testing, entering a side door of an auditorium room.
“What’s this testing about?” Ming turned a frown to see the nose profile of Starra, asking for the fourth time, stopping in the archway of the room with Starra.
I stood with my crossed biceps, guarding the air space of the door frame, ensuring the children did not run away along with chicken stew me. I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, saying for the fifth time. “I am instructed. No. I am ordered to bring us here or…”
The medical technician was prompt, scooting and blocking the archway, wearing a smile and a dull gray colored laboratory coat down to her kneecaps with her name printed in colored strands of dull gray fabric threads on the left pocket. She extended her hand to the farm administrator. “Hello, Administrator Starbelt! I am Miss Alisa Stone. I will be conducting the tests on your staff members.” She said, pointing to the room. “You and your party can stay here until the process is completed in two hours, fifteen minutes, six seconds, and seven milliseconds. Please enjoy our hospitality room.” She shifted around Starra and called the first name of the farm family unit.
The nervous couple with three kids walked to the archway and disappeared with Miss Stone down a long dark hallway.
I swung around and eyeballed their walking path to another side door of dull gray color. I sighed with puzzlement.
I swung both my body and my eyeballs to the commotion in the corner wall of the room, noting that the enormous room could hold 513 standing people and 186 dancing couple.
The room appeared like a dance hall with wall paint of gray color and a matching gray colored floor, making a pretty looking drab room.
On the gray colored walls, there was a long row of beautiful and bright blue and yellow colored tables which held platters of food, such as, white and dark meats, assorted grain breads, and steaming colored vegetables. The second table displayed numerous sweaty buckets of ice cold bottles of water, assorted beverages, and small milk jugs for the children. The desserts showed dark creamy chocolate brownies and hot sizzling red cherry pie.
Overall, it was a picnic day for the farm personnel.
“I’m impressed.” Ming said with a grin of yellow food particles between his front teeth, shoveling more meat to his open mouth from his overstuffed plate.
“I’m not.” I ignored both the food banquet and food particles in Ming’s mouth, sitting down in the padded chair alone and worried, looking for Miss Stone. I sighed with frustration.
Time passed quickly.
Miss Stone conducted her secret interview one family unit at a time and returned the family unit back to the banquet room, where they blabbed the same scenario.


Miss Stone escorted them to a small room.

She instructed each family unit not to talk and sit down in a chair.

Then one minute later, Miss Stone reappeared.

And the testing was done. They left the small room.


Ming and Maritza had been gone two minutes and eight seconds.
Yeah, I counted using the Mississippi method.
Miss Stone appeared in the door frame, saying with a smile to Starra. “Administrator, you are the last candidate.”
“Last candidate?” I stood, saying with a growl, studying her purple colored eye makeup.
“You and your group can depart for home after your test is completed, Administrator Starbelt.” Miss Stone ignored the growl from Starra, swinging and moving forward to the secret door on the side of an empty hallway.
I said with a sneer of disapproval. “When can I review the results?” I ran next to her before she opened a door and disappeared from my eyeballs again.
“I will report my findings to my director. This is my job for the testing process. I can state that none of your personnel had any problems with the testing.” Miss Stone stared at the forward wall and not to see Starra.
I said with a sour frown, making tons of ugly wrinkles on my forehead. “They passed, passed what?” I tapped in a weird musical notes next to her high heeled shoes.
Miss Stone stopped and opened the door that showed a tiny room. “We are here. Please take a seat and wait for further instructions.” She turned with a smile to see Starra, holding the door.
I slowly moved in and to a single chair, feeling both cold and tiny.
The door closed.
The tiny room measured ten feet and four inches long, by eight feet and two inches wide, by seven feet and five inches high without a glass window or an art painting. The air conditioner vent blew a cold chilly fifty-two degrees of Fahrenheit. Yeah, I was a barometer, now.
I jerked the blue jean jacket which was provided from Maritza over my body. She went on her shopping spree. I plopped down in the metal folding chair, tilting it sideways with my weight, slamming both my boot heels to the floor, and tilted it up again.
“Greetings,” an invisible body of Miss Stone said into the cold tiny room.
I jumped out of the chair, standing and bending my kneecaps, scanning an empty room for trouble or a body. I did not see any trouble or a body, exhaling with a puff of annoyance, sitting back down on the cold metal again. I sighed with scary cat syndrome.
“Please follow my instructions step by step. We will begin. I want you to breathe in and out,” an invisible body of Miss Stone said into the cold tiny room.
I inhaled the cold air in my tight chest cavity and not from her instructions, because I was annoyed with something.
“I want you to breathe in and out again,” an invisible body of Miss Stone said into the cold tiny room.
I ignored the stupid request, because I required sunlight to burn my freckles while working on my farm and not here doing something…nothing…something.
“Please try to relax. The test will be over very soon,” an invisible body of Miss Stone said into the cold tiny room.
There was a hidden camera which was observing my silly behavior and recording my non-verbal responses. So I gracefully placed both my hands in my lap like a southern lady as I was taught and instructed by my grandma for the hidden camera. I sighed with social manners.
“I am going to read a short passage from a famous book. After I finish reading, I will ask you to repeat the passage to me,” an invisible body of Miss Stone said into the cold tiny room.
“Okay.” I croaked the word and cleared my tight throat, because the cold air was freezing my vocal chords into refrigerator ice cubes. Maybe, I was a little nervous or a lot of impatient. I mumbled my lips under my nostrils. “Relax, it will be over soonest.” I watched with amusement my mouth oxygen from a set of small circled ringlets, coming out my pink painted lips. I tilted down my hair strands on top of the head rest.
I did not classify this situation as a crisis, but I was nervous, impatient, and suddenly gotta pee from the cold air hitting my tight bladder. And also maybe I did not like being treated like a gray colored cute mouse inside a mad scientist’s laboratory.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
“In the beginning, God made the Heavens and the Earth. God said ‘Let there be light.’ There was light. God saw the light was good,” an invisible body of Miss Stone said into the cold tiny room.
I smashed my eyelashes open, staring up at the gray colored wall. Her words echoed across the neurons of my mind with the famous passage from The Bible, in the Testament of Genesis, First Chapter, and First Verse. I sighed with knowledge.
An invisible body of Miss Stone said into the cold tiny room. “Can you tell me the passage?”
My eyeballs scanned the room for a hidden speaker and as, my natural voice with some pained annoyance said, “Yeah, the Bible. Can I leave? Is my test finished?”
“You heard me read the passage,” an invisible body of Miss Stone said with excitement into the cold tiny room.
My eyeball did not find the hidden speaker, so they stared at the dull gray colored wall. I said with more pained annoyance. “Yeah, I heard ya read the passage. Can I leave now please?”
“Please restate the passage word by word,” an invisible body of Miss Stone said into the cold tiny room.
Word by word would be difficult. I recognized the quote from The Bible. The first sentence was from my memory of the learned Sunday school lessons on my farm. However, the rest of the sentences would have to be paraphrased. So I said with a smile and a nod. “In the beginning, God made the Heavens and the Earth…”
“This is excellent,” an invisible body of Miss Stone said with more excitement into the cold tiny room.
“I guessed, I passed.”
“Miss Starbelt, you are dismissed. Thank you so much for your cooperation,” an invisible body of Miss Stone said into the cold tiny room.
My visit had ended without an escort to the front door or a traditional a shake hand for the dismissal. So I concluded that southern hospitality was dead and gone here. I rose and left both the cold metal chair and the cold tiny room, looking for Ming. I sighed with confusion.


12:22 p.m.
Medical center room setting
Yellow sky and purple clouds with blue sun
Hot and sunny at 121ºF


Ming wore his cap and watched Starra exit the Medical Center, waving his arm for attention. She shaded her eyelashes with her hands and moved to him. He said with a smile and a nod. “The clan is shopping and sightseeing. The goods are delivered and the solar panels are re-charging. I am…”
The farm helpers were having fun, believing that the test was another silly medical test. I sighed with relief.
Ming was a good overseer always in charge and capable of handling any abnormal crisis. My grandma should have made him the ecosphere administrator of Starbelt Plantation instead of me. He deserved the royal honor.
One day, I could assign him as a temporary administrator, while I vacationed and visited to another city-state dome for my fun and my entertainment.
Ming said. “And how was your test, Starra?” He seemed to be more curious rather than nosy.
I flipped my other hand for teen drama. “Silly, nothing happened. I sat in a cold room for a few minutes then dismissed.” I covered my jumbled emotions of weirdness instead of the revealing the true steps of my test.
“I received the same treatment,” he turned with a grin to see the shopping merchandise plaza.
I slapped his collar bone like an old friend, saying with a smile and a nod, “Done! Let us go and get some work completed this afternoon, before the sun falls down into the ground.”
Ming turned with a sour frown to see Starra. “Work?”
I nodded with a smile, “Work. I’m going to fly back to the farm, renting a solar car.” I thumbed behind my collar bone to the rental vehicle office, because my farm crew needed the use of the solar train to sail back home to Starbelt Plantation which was free of charge and compliments of the United North American government. I sighed with deceptiveness.
Ming smiled. “Stay with us at the biosphere, have some fun, met a guy, get married, have children, and enjoy life, Starra. You work too hard, administrator.”
“If it was only that easy, Ming,” I said, turning and moving to the rental solar car while day dreaming of meeting a nice man, falling in love, and having a family of my own but not today. I sighed with chance.
Ming waved both his arms, yelling. “Remember? It’s Tuesday.”
I raised my hand into the air over my clean hair roots with a nod, without seeing Ming, moving ahead towards the rental car facility with a whisper, “Yeah, it is poker night Tuesday.”


08:08 p.m.
Home of Ming location
Living room setting
Purple sky and blue clouds with waxing pink moon
Humid and sunny at 93ºF


Poker night was a tradition at Starbelt Plantation every Tuesday evening, and any person, who loved to learn and play cards, could join the tradition. Maritza had introduced the game of poker to the Ming clan, when she had studied her academic courses and played with her real money as a student in college school at the Hunts-Bama biosphere.
The gathering at the house of Ming was both informal and fun with groups of tables and chairs set up to accommodate six to twelve players on one single table. Grandma Starbelt had forced her granddaughter to join the game, so Starra could socialize more with Ming and his family.
There were three divisions of people that played the game: the beginner, the intermediate, and the advanced. The beginner table consisted of children, who wanted to learn to play cards between the ages of ten to eighteen years old. The students were taught the card theory and the rules of competition along with good sportsmanship.
It was how you played the game and not whether you won or lost.
The intermediate table consisted of older children, young adults, and older adults, who had mastered the card theory and displayed good sportsmanship behavior to their fellow pretend gamblers. Both the game and the competition went hand and hand and not every person could win every game.
The advanced poker player excelled at the card game and used their real money to fund the poker pot for each round of the game match.
I was excellent in math and received high marks on my academic tests in the farm school too. And I found the game both funny and challenging, thinking that the card selection process was similar to a math problem.
You were given five cards with different numbers and symbols. Your goal was to collect the matching sequential numbers or symbols or a combination to win both the game and the money.
During the stiff competition, my table usually included Maritza, the grand champion for the past three years, two months, twenty-seven days, sixteen hours, nine minutes, eight seconds and three milliseconds. The table also held some her other mathematically talented children and grandchildren. 
However, Maritza and I had alternated winning the poker games so many times that her grandchildren had created a betting money pool on who would won the final jackpot.
The latest poll showed Maritza would rule tonight.
Ming did not like to play cards but catered to the players and serving trays of beverages, especially a different tray of alcoholic drinks. Ming spent his money on importing bottles of red and white colored wines that grew on red and white colored fruit grapes. The vines of fruit grapes were produced in one of the western farm ecospheres.
However, the poker game was supposed to be fun and not a contest of wills, but Maritza was a very intense, determined, and competitive card player. She bluffed with a face of granite stone. You could not tell if she was holding a pair of deuces or a straight royal flush. I sighed with impatience.
In the year 2104 from the Starbelt family history book, at the age of 13 years, 13 days, 13 hours, 13 minutes, 13 seconds and 13 milliseconds, I had participated with permission from my grandma with the experienced players on the advanced poker table.
On my first night as a newcomer, I had giggled every time that I received a good set of matching cards from the card dealer, making my poker hand unbeatable.
But my card playing opponents had quickly learned to listen to my childish snigger and folded their card hands, leaving only the current grand champion and me to fight over the pot of gold.
By the end of the month, I had learned how to control my turkey chuckle and adopted an arrogant smirk instead.
Present day and time, inside the living room setting inside the home of Ming and his wife Maritza, at the poker table, one of her grandsons shouted out loud and dropped down his playing cards, standing upright from his chair, leaving the card table, fetching a plate of food. “I fold.”
The other advanced players had dropped out of the poker game due to an over consumption of wine or no more money funds or a combination of the two combined conditions. So, Maritza and I played the last card hand with the pot of gold at 3,012 dollars.
Maritza dropped her entire card hand down on top of the flat surface of the table with a smile. “I call the card game, holding four queens.”
“No one can beat her playing hand,” another of her grandson said with a smile and a nod to his grandmother.
I displayed four cards with the number seven and the number ten, dropping my poker hand on the top of the table surface for the other eyeballs. The math number ten was a wild card which had been clearly broadcasted by Maritza at the start of the last game.
Her grandson pointed to the cards from Starra, saying with a smile. “She has five of kind.”
“Starra wins.” Ming raised his arm in the air without the beverage.
I stood upright from the chair with a smile and pressed down the wrinkled blue jeans creases back down to my kneecaps, exiting the house for my home and my slumber.
Earth Day 6,429 of my birth


4:15 a.m.
Home location of Starra Starbelt
Orange sky and pink clouds with green sunrise
Humid and hot at 92ºF


I saw that the dew twinkled like diamonds on top of the green colored manicured lawn as the sunrise computer application completed the watering cycle. I enjoyed sun watching in the east and seeing the green colored sun bounce up against an orange tinted sky, this morning.
Peace and serene!
Then my gut rumbled down to my naked toe bones for both eats and eagerness, making this day seem to be different for some weird reason.
My little voice pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
The temperature gauge read ninety-two degrees Fahrenheit in the morning, a very hot day.
From my bedroom window, I could see the blue and green colors mixed with the bright red colors which reflected like pockets of drifting steam coming off the glass dome of the Hunts-Bama bih was 158 miles long by 256 miles wide. At night, the Hunts-Bama dome shined like a star in the southern hemisphere. During the day, the dome emitted rainbow clouds which added to the ever-changing colored skyline of planet Earth.
I studied the outside shield of my farm ecosphere, seeing the familiar sight. There were no flying birds or running rodents or indications of stirring life outside the dome but a spare patch of tall weird weeds, a new growth. I sighed with confusion.
The thin patches of black colored grass, tall white colored weeds, and gray colored wild flowers looked creepy growing on the ground as the colors weeds danced in a funky rhythm side to side in the harsh wind storm that slammed into the dome shield and made the internal electronics ting in musical notes.
When I compared the creepy show to my rosy red colored roses, my cherry pink colored tulips, and my white colored dogwoods flowers that lounged beautifully around my house, I felt deep worry.
The phenomenon existed and thrived in the bright sunlight, because the poisoned roots sucked on tiny droplets of water moisture that leaked down from the underground sewer tanks. The poop and pee products came from both the humans and the animals which flowed underneath the protective shielding and to the radiated water ponds outside the ecosphere. Heat and intense solar daylight killed whatever grew during the night, but this new stuff was stubborn.
I had been tracking the ugly tall weeds for the nine months, twenty-three days, five hours, thirty-one minutes, fifty-five seconds and eleven milliseconds. Yeah, I used the computer.
My visual observation would have been an excellent science project for the farm school, but my empirical results were really scary. I both feared and frightened that a new predator was attacking Starbelt Plantation. I sighed with worry.
My concerns targeted the fresh water supply and the healthy crop fields, because my first record data report showed that the farthest patch measured at 4,592 yards, 22 feet and 19 inches away from my ecosphere. The protective solar shield burnt the weeds as soon as the plant foliage hit the heated hot surface but not the underground root system. I sighed with alarm.
This morning, the measurement indicated that the funky patch was 2,867 yards, 31 feet and 14 inches away from my dome and my person. The radiated weeds had both multiplied and mutated in both width and length around the circle of my farm ecosphere in a couple of weeks.
I trotted yesterday afternoon in my horse saddle on top of Thunderfoot for my visual spying of the creepy flower show. I concluded that if one molecule of radiated seeds hit the fresh water supply, then it would be immediate death to all animals, fields, wildlife, and people. I sighed with anxiety.
I had collected mega tons of data which were overflowing on hard copy papers and electronic files, analyzing the crap. My sketchy academic findings were all inconclusive tossing my brain into a mental math frenzy for a permanent solution, before I showed all of my homework assignment to my overseer Ming. And I had both connected and contacted a couple of other farm administrators at the north, west, and east farm ecospheres which lived far, far away from my dome. And they all had reported that the same funky phenomenon was growing around the heated protective dome shields too. I sighed with dread.
I had communicated both verbal and electronic my crappy results to the Hunts-Bama biosphere crop department, a fancy name for some smart-hole scientist, who told me to bug off.
Use, abuse, and excuse the farm pun, ya’ll!
Really! They were conducting their own science experiments with a batch of new chemicals too, sterilizing agents to kill the infestation and probably me too. I sighed with trouble.
Okay. I was not a scientist, but a scientist always figured out things.
I tried to calm my inner emotions by clicking on the communications globe, saying the wrong word, “News.” I stared at the lavender paint on the wall, where the news shined.
My little voice pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
The blonde haired reporter smiled on the pale tinted wall inside the bedroom of Starra. “The United Earth Government officials have selected an undisclosed number of unnamed and unknown candidates for their intergalactic journey to another universe. I will repeat to your ears, another universe. Someone is flying off planet Earth and going to visit another universe. And if this someone is successful, then earthlings will be moving to a new planet. So pack your bags, ya’ll!”
“Off.” I stared at the lavender paint on the wall.
If the news report was true, and if the Earth was dying and not sustaining life here anymore, then Ming and I would need to make some emergency preparations for personnel, animals, and crops. If the food supply vanished, then man and beast would starve to death, before all of them transferred to another planet in another galaxy.
Wow! This was the stuff that you read about in those fun adventure science fiction books.
So my new goal was to stay and fight the growing poisons that were invading my farm, as long as, I could jump ship, excuse the pun, jump an outer space ship. If earthlings had to relocate to another world, then they would need cotton, corn, potatoes, wheat, soybeans, and me. Thus, I could be a farmer here or there. I sighed with preparedness.
I stood in my boots and stared at the wall, whispering with a smile. “Alien…”
At 02:02 p.m. inside the horse pasture underneath a purple sky with a set of aqua clouds and an orange sun during a hot and heated day at 125ºF, I whistled with my two finger pads shoved between my lips, quite stimulating. I raised my arm and wiggled my fingers, yelling. “Thunderfoot, come over here, boy.”
The horse slowly trotted to his name, standing before his mistress.
I rubbed his soft black forehead and produced an apple, smiling to my pet that was named from a famous North American Indian inside my American History textbook. I said with a nod. “We got work to do, boyfriend.” I giggled with amusement. Thunderfoot was the closest that I ever got to male companionship on my farm.
I raised my pet from a foal, patting and pampering him so much that he would only response to my voice and my whistle, and we were about the same age in horse years.
I did not know if I should ever mention that statement to any male…person, ever.
Thunderfoot was old for a stallion, enjoying a good life on my farm, eating his sweet oats, running wild over the hilltops. He measured six feet and two inches in people height and eight feet and four inches in people length from his wet muzzle across to his black tail and covered in black silky hair.
Inside the kitchen on one of the security monitor, a sensory alarm had indicated a broken fence. The remote mechanical robots were good at detecting a problem, sounding with a ting and a whistle to alert the farm staff. However, when you typed on the computer console inquiring the problem the screen displayed in yellow colored words: NOT ENOUGH DATA.
Therefore, a volunteer had to ride out, survey the damage, and repair it. I sighed with toil.
I placed the bridle in his mouth and climbed up the worn saddle, ordering. “Let’s go this way.” I guided his neck reins to the left, kicking my booted feet into his big belly.
My stallion shot off and jumped over the high fence with ease. His black hoofs pounded the red clay like thunder, flicking dirt devils in the air, leaving swirls of red colored mist behind.
My steed was exhilarating to ride.
I held the saddle horn and steadied my body, flowing with his rhythm, soaring like a dead eagle down the flat grass, and allowed the fresh breeze to tickle my freckles.
I trusted him and he trusted me that was the secret of horses.
At 03:02 p.m. at the fence post setting underneath the red tinted clouds with a yellow sky and a pink tinted sun during a hot and sunny day with 135ºF, I stood in front of the fence. “I had diagnosed the problem a loose hinge being right, as usual.” I said with a giggle to Thunderfoot like a coworker.
He snipped the tender grasslings from the red dirt and ignored his mistress, as usual.
I slammed the hammer on the wood with a boom and pounded the barbed wire back down in the wooden post with a thud. I said with a smile to the fence post, “Fixed! I present another great job of engineering feat by Starra, the farmer.” I twirled the hardware between my fingers of my right hand like a majorette baton, and felt the thing fall and drop on my hard boot toe. I looked down to the hammer, saying with a giggle and a smile, “Small hand, big hammer.”
The field communications globe raced around the woodland trees, sounding with a beep, flashing with a red blink, and it halted in front of the human heated body.
“Open. What’s up, Ming?” I said before seeing his face, and knowing…naw…sensing my overseer.
The screen lifted up from the top panel and showed the face of Ming.
“I will explain when you arrive. How much longer will you be working out in the pasture?” Ming said with a sour frown of nervousness.
I stared at the time clock on the communication globe. “I can leave now approximately fourteen minutes, thirty seconds…”
“See you soon!” Ming disappeared and as the globe screen went black which ended both his vocal and his visual transmission on his end.
My salt and pepper hair stood up from my neck muscles. I executed a quick mediation lesson for my nervousness and flooded my mind to calm both the panic and the fear.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in.
I opened my eyelashes, breathed a big gulp of fresh air in my lungs, and coughed. I forgot to close my air hole in my throat, and mouth spat salvia in the air from almost chocking to death as a silly teen.
I stood and tried again.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I breathed a gulp of fresh air in my lungs and relaxed while letting ninety percent of my concerns and seventy percent of my worries melt away somewhere.
My tiny voice pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I opened my eyelashes, running and leaping upon the back spine of Thunderfoot as an awesome horse woman.
I charged my stead over the steepest hills and through deepest streams, using the low tree hanging dangerous shortcut path to Starbelt Plantation, trying to break the fourteen minutes and thirty whatever time limit.
My old horse galloped with solid footing over each and every obstacle.
Ming was not in any physical trouble and as, his voice sounded only anxious about something…someone.
I leaned into his mane as one being, whispering into his ear. “Faster to home, boy.” I kicked his ribs harder.
My horse did not rear or hesitate, pushing his aching muscles to the limit, heading to Starbelt Plantation.
At 03:12 p.m. inside the manicured lawn setting, Thunderfoot jumped over the stone wall and landed on the grass, trotting to the barn.
I stood on my tiptoes in the saddle stirrups, scanning the lawn grounds for Ming, sliding to the side, and yelled. “Whoa…”
I fell face forward, dropping his reins, grabbing a handful of black mane with one hand, before smashing my face down on the grass, and not a cool girly pose.
He halted and did not moving a hoof, until I jumped down to the ground. His coat was sweaty sparkles like black pearls in the heated and hot sunlight. His mouth dripped with white colored foam and droplets of sour water from the exhilaration of his flight.
“Good boy!” I petted his wet neck and scanned the dry lawn for Ming again.
The stable boy grabbed the horse reins, holding the horse brittle. “I’ll take him, Starra.” He fingered her house. “Someone’s expecting you.”
I whipped my face to my house, seeing nothing. My mental thoughts blasted that there was a “someone” visiting my farm for the first time in a century. I sighed with suspicion.
I trotted and then walked and then trotted which was a long way toward my house and then walked, seeing Ming.
Ming folded his work cap sideways over and over in his hands, nodding and chatting with a tall pale face man in a black colored suit with a head of black colored hair which was graying at the temples.
I removed my cap, letting my smelly long hair drape down my sweaty back spine, staring with my intense eyeballs at an uninvited guest, and recognized an unfamiliar logo on his black colored business jacket.
So he was a United North American government representative and not a biosphere officer.
I pulled up beside Ming and stared at the male without a happy smile.
“Doctor Starra Starbelt, I presume.” The male said with a smile and a style of social manners.
I did not smile back to the male, who was both very polite and very formal with my official ecosphere certificate title, which was refreshing for the United Earth Government.
And I finally got that doctoral degree in computer science as part of the educational requirements, passing my farm certificate which included the academic subjects in science, legal law, and advanced mathematics. The academic courses could only be taught at the college at the Hunts-Bama biosphere.
So for eleven months, five days, twenty-nine hours, nineteen minutes, forty-four seconds and six milliseconds, I was sent away from my home to study and to memorize the required academic subjects on computer mainframe technology, so I could be the ecosphere administrator.
I lived in a school apartment alone, never making a new friend or socializing with the other academic students, since I crammed day and night to complete the formal class work.
Thus, I finally returned back home to Starbelt Plantation.
“Starra! What can I do for you, sir?” I stood with my boot toes apart and crossed my dirty biceps over my dirtier shirt, using the last ounce of my politeness, before I tossed this stranger off my farm on his pale colored ear.
“Dr. Peter Martin, United Earth Tele Project,” he said and did not extending a sweaty hand or a moist business card either.
Ming stood beside Starra, saying with a sneer, looking at Peter. “Starra, I’m going to hose down Thunderfoot. If you need me, shout.” He walked backwards from Starra and hit the corner brick of her house, sliding sideway out of her eye sight but not out of her hearing.
I knew…sensed Ming and his aggressive angry to a certain uninvited guest, who had arrived here on Starbelt Plantation for some strange reason.
Peter sweated in his suit. His perspiration droplets beaded on his forehead. The sun shone down with 135 degrees Fahrenheit of heat and light on him and me. I sighed with hotness.
The cool shady front porch of my house looked quite appealing too.
I glanced behind my right collar bone, seeing the nose bridge of Ming, and turned my sour frown to see Peter, who was now red flushed in his face. I silently waited in the hot sunshine and amusingly watched Peter explain his unexpected visit to my farm.
“Dr. Starbelt.” He smiled.
“Please don’t call me that. My name is Starra.” I said with a sour frown.
“Starra,” he wiped his sweaty face. “You have been selected to join the Tele Project. Congratulations!”
“Project!” I whined like I steeped in fresh steaming green colored cow patty. And I really did step in it, walking from the cow pasture, and it probably stunk up to his nostrils too.
Peter said, looking sideways to the hovering communication globe beside his sweaty face. “The other day at Hunts-Bama Medical Center number five, you were administrated a test for Tele ability.”
“Tele, me! Me, tele? Tell me?” I said with a giggle and a grin.
“Your test scores received a set of very high marks. You are very gifted in the metaphysical aptitudes.” Martin turned a smile and a nod to see Starra.
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, saying with a sour tone to match. “Thank you for the invitation, Dr. Martin. I absolutely can’t accept, sir. Since…” I greatly desire to end this ludicrous conversation.
“Dr. Starbelt, there are seven people on the entire planet of Earth that have passed these tests. Seven! No more and no less. You are one of them. Your government needs you, but most importantly mankind needs you. You can understand more than anyone else in the galaxy the value of clean air, land, and water for us to survive. This project is responsible for sending a team of people to another galaxy to save earthlings. This mission is not only the highest honor but your duty as a citizen of United North America and an inhabitant from the planet of Earth.” Martin exhaled with a huff of frustration and wiped off a sweaty lip mustache with his handkerchief.
I watched the world news every evening, well, not every evening, since the world news was totally depressing along with the unfolding Hollywood melodramatic punch line: Earth is dying. I studied and recorded the continuous deadly radiated funky weeds creeping up to my front door, so I understood the problem, the matter, the issue, and the male.
My personal goal was not leaving but staying and fighting until…
Scientists were trained to find new places to live. Pilots were trained to fly in space. I was trained as a farmer to farm until...
I exhaled with a puff of frustration, jerking my arm to the hilly pastures and crop fields. “Dr. Martin, I am responsible for 6,078 acres of cows, cotton, and corn. I am the certified ecosphere administrator which gives me the right to decline your compassionate heart-warming ‘save the Earth’ formal invitation. So if you do mind, I am a very busy woman. Good day to you and yours!” I extended my dirty hand to shake, marking his dismissal permanently.
“Dr. Starbelt, you leave me no choice.” He cut his eyeballs to his left and returned them back to Starra. “You have been drafted by the United North American government to join the Tele Project mission. Your duties as the ecosphere administrator are suspended until your complete this very important and urgent intergalactic outer space trip. They have been temporarily assigned to an associate from an ecosphere in the western region of the United North America.” Peter turned a grin to his left side again.
I copycatted his head jerk to my right side and stumbled backwards on my boot heels from both fear and fright.
Two men, who were the size of body builders, were dressed in their traditional brown colored military fatigues, and were moving to Starra. The twins possessed brown colored hair, brown colored eyes, and brown tinted skin tone matching their clothing too. They stood up at six feet and four inches, weighing in at two hundred ninety-three pounds and thirteen ounces. Yeah, I guessed. I sighed with grit.
And I believed a little too big for me to handle by myself. I turned with a lady sneer to see Peter. “Do you take people by force?”
The two real soldiers and their two real weapons, a hand pistol and a stun baton, both split and stopped between each side collar bone of Peter.
He cut his eyeballs to the military officer on his left, again, saying with a grin. “We do not intimate people, Dr. Starbelt.”
I crossed my biceps, daring Peter to act and as, my mind twirled for a perfect solution about this sticky situation.
Out of the right corner of my peripheral vision, I saw Ming and his sons, who had gathered and huddled at the edge of the porch near the tulip bed flowers with a set of slender shiny vertical objects.
Guns were not permitted by residents, who lived in domes, except for the military personnel.
A farm ecosphere was allowed one permit for a single barrel shotgun.
Of course, my house contained eighteen rifles, thirteen hand pistols, and eleven stun batons, complements of my dead and not breathing Starbelt kinfolk. But I understood Ming and his protective nature, since his relatives were present too, holding their deadly weapons, readying for an attack signal from me. I sighed with doom.
Under a normal set of circumstances, I would boot my cowgirl toe into Peter’s lower body part, kicking him away from here. Today was different, because I did not want a fight much less bloodshed of my closest friends...naw…my closest family. I sighed with resolution.
I uncrossed my biceps, saying with a nod to Peter. “Dr. Martin, I agree to accept your invitation to participate on the Tele Project mission under one condition. My overseer is declared permanent farm ecosphere administrator in my absence.” I was not releasing Starbelt Plantation into the hands of a total stranger.
Peter said with a nod to the solider on his left and not to Starra. “We need to leave immediately, Starra.”
I slightly smirked, thinking that we were friends again.
I swung to the porch and motioned to Ming, letting and leaving Peter to wait and to roast in the pink colored sun beams.
Ming stomped on to the porch. Starra jerked the shotgun from his hands, walking into her house. He said with a sneer behind her back spine. “Starra, what’s happening, here? Where are you going?” She reset the gun safety and dropped the loaded shotgun on the soft cushioned sofa.
We moved up the staircase, bumping into each other shoulder.
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, saying with a lady sneer. “The government needs me to do some consulting work for them. An honor, I cannot refuse. You are in charge of the farm. Please take care of my pets for me. I suggest Maritza and you occupy the estate house to monitor the satellite computers. I will be safe just worry about the farm, not me. I will return before the harvest time.” I stopped and turned with a sour frown to see Ming, who was both my overseer and my friend.
His face was etched in fatherly worry and concern.
My tiny voice pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I whispered for my eardrums. “Everything is not fine.” I faked a smile and a nod without any animal sounds, saying with a sweet timber to Ming. “Everything is fine. Go back to work, Ming. Okay?” He back stepped down the stairs and left her house in silence. I continued to tromp up the stairs in my pair of dirty cowgirl boots and my body of dirtier clothes for a bag of soft clothes and to break something made of hard crystal glass against the lavender painted wall.
At 06:06 p.m. within the wind tunnel and inside solar car during a dark and cool day, three hours, two minutes, twenty-three seconds and fifteen milliseconds of time towards the Dall-Tex military biosphere had provided for a long, boring, and silent ride.
My strong heart was heavy. My heavy thoughts were focused on the past events and the future outcomes of my life at seventeen years old without the additional time clock elements.
Yeah, I was doing the right thing. Yeah, my farm was in good hands with Ming, who was acting as the administrator. I sighed with yeah-ness.
The solar car was cramped with four normal adults, who all shared both heated and bad smell with two oversized twins, wearing their matching brown colored clothing and shoulder weapons, a petite girl, and a military leader of a future space voyage in outer space. I sighed with impossible.
My new boss Peter looked a little uncomfortable in the tiny driver seat as a stocky man with a set of large bones on his height of six feet and two inches of pale colored skin. He weighed in at two hundred thirty-six pounds and eight ounces and was forty-nine years, eleven months, six days, eighteen hours, nine minutes, and thirty-four seconds old. No guessing, this time. The information was on the official flat communication globe that was attached to the rear seat in front of my spying eyeballs.
I giggled with silliness and as, the red colored face of the military man stared 0.5 milliseconds at my hair roots and then turned to stare at the repeating communication pad too.
There were not any side viewing windows in a flying solar car only an interior silver tinted fabric cloth that protected your skull from both the bumps and the bruises due to the constant shifting of air currents inside the wicked wind tunnel.
Solar vehicles were manufactured in four types of transportation, such like, a car, a bus, a train, and a cargo vehicle. A car carried a passenger space for five people and four pieces of luggage; the machine was made of light weight metal and traveled between 210 to 363 miles per hour.
A solar bus held 157 people and storage for 111 crates of supplies with four to six compartments transporting people, equipment, supplies, and livestock.
The military used the very large cargo vehicles for something both important and dangerous.


6:07 p.m.
Dall-Tex military biosphere
Green sky with gray clouds and purple sun
Hot and sunny at 103ºF


The exterior military buildings were two rows of perfect squares in white colors, leading to a single five story square shaped building in the middle of an ugly dirt lawn which was all underneath a dome rooftop. Each building was connected to the opposite archway with a crosswalk.
The solar car halted, lifting up both the side doors.
Peter moved out the car and disappeared from my eyesight, first.
I scooted and stepped out of the solar car, seeing the white paint on the exterior building and followed behind the two soldiers through the door into an interior room, seeing more white paint on the walls.
My eyeballs darted to each object, seeing the furnishings, the walls, the floor, and the ceiling.
Geez, everything was white colored, clean smelling, and shiny medicinal like visiting a hospital room for the sick and dying. I sighed with doom.
I exhaled with a puff of sour breath remembering that I had forgotten my toothbrush.
I followed behind the soldiers, leaving the building archway, crossing over a glistening see-through glass covered walkway to another building, and stopped. I looked up to see the bright purple sun rays peeking out between the gray colored clouds that floated underneath a green colored sky. My eyeballs were shaded and as, my cheekbones were burning from the downpour of intense heat and hot beams of a boiling skyline.
One of the soldiers grunted, turning and moving to the other building.
I scanned the dimensions of the usual crosswalk, seeing a circle of twinkling glass and the outdoor view of miles and miles of flat brown tinted soil without a tree or a plant or a flower.
The military dome, a pretty dull picture compared to the beautiful rainbow colors of green colored lawns, columns of white colored cotton fields, miles of golden tinted wheat plains, numerous red colored barns, rows of silver tinted slender silos, snaky blue colored water streams, and patches of colored flowers of red, pink, orange, yellow and purple, my home Starbelt Plantation. I sighed with homesickness.
“Stop it.” I whispered for my eardrums only.
The forward bodyguards stopped and pivoted around to see Starra.
I covered my tense anxiety, smiling with a stupid grin to them, tapping my right mud dried boot on the glass floor, and left a chump of red clay, a present. I sighed with annoyance.
Day One of Tele Training


I saw orange paint on the walls of the auditorium, making the room bright and ugly.
The room was shaped like an orange colored crescent moon which sometimes hovered over planet Earth during the Halloween event. There were three sitting sections of bright red colored chairs that badly clashed with the bright orange walls, crying out for an interior redone design, ya’ll.
The chairs held four males plus three females which was seven people on the floor and two people on the purple colored stage. Peter joined the people on stage, making it three.
I moved snail-like to the farthest empty chair on purpose and wished for a science fiction entertainment movie while plotting my short payback for my kidnapping and my blackmailing scheme. I sighed with revenge.
One of the cute silver tinted miniature communication globes followed and hovered by my empty chair and as I sat and listened.
Peter moved to the podium, grabbing the edges, saying with a nod and a smile to the audience. “Greetings and congratulations, people! Welcome to the United Earth Tele Project. We, seven lucky people have been selected to journey to another galaxy and find a new planet for earthlings. To my scientific friends, who like to use Earth time stats that measure milliseconds, seconds, minutes, hours, days, months, and years in terms of completing a project, the Tele mission will be no different here. This is day one of Tele training for our new Tele astronauts. We will spend the next one month, seventeen days, nine hours, thirty minutes, five seconds and twelve milliseconds training until the launch time for our take off from the Dall-Tex landing pad on the planet of Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy. We will travel through space and time to another galaxy and find a new home for earthlings. Now, I would like to introduce the Tele team members to each other….”
I scanned the room, inspecting the lucky boys and girls. Each candidate was alert, intense, and paying attention with their eyeballs and their eardrums plus their stupid eagerness to meet the dumb challenge and the face of death. I sighed with doom.
Female: yellow colored silk pants suit, blonde colored hair, pale tinted skin, blue colored eyes, slender, not engaged and single. She was twenty-one years, four months, three days, eight hours, fourteen minutes, nine seconds and twenty-two milliseconds old, standing up at five feet and six inches, weighing in at one hundred twelve pounds and four ounces. The data was located on my globe, ya’ll).
Peter said with a smile and a nod to her. “Mademoiselle Gigi Flaubert is from the French residential dome in United Europe. She is our linguistics expert for the mission. She speaks nine dialects.”
I tapped on the mini-globe for my nosy answer and whispered with my sour breath. “Translator, she could be useful.”
Peter said. “Each member is assigned a primary position that you have studied and trained in your life time career. Because of the shorten mission, a secondary backup position will be given to each one of you to ensure our safety and our completion of this vitally important trip in outer space. Mademoiselle Flaubert is the backup medical aide. She has limited experience in the medical field and will be receiving more clinical education during our formal training program. The primary medical position is Dr. Mohammed Saudi. He resides in the United Middle East dome. He is our backup biologist, chemist, and botanist.”
Male: physician, blue colored laboratory coat, brown colored trousers, brown tinted skin tone, brown colored eyes, black colored hair, married. He was forty-two years, nine months, twenty-five days, two hours, thirty-nine minutes, four seconds and eleven milliseconds old, standing up at five feet and eight inches, weighing in at one hundred eighty-nine pounds and three ounces.
I whispered, “Physician, useful.”
“I am very pleased to announce a true metaphysical master will be joining our mission. Mrs. Lulu Smith is from the United North American Government in the North Ohio biosphere region. She has been practicing her craft for fifty-one years, two months, twenty-six days, thirteen hours, one minute, forty-three seconds and eleven milliseconds. Her Tele experience and private instruction will be very valuable to us during our training sessions. Her secondary backup is a favorite past time with the Tele staff members and myself. Mrs. Smith has been preparing wonderful gourmet meals for us, since her arrival.” Peter said with a smile and a nod to her.
Female: petite, queen sized, white colored hair, pink tinted skin tone, green colored eyes, widower. She was sixty-two years, eight months, two days, two hours, sixteen minutes and four seconds and fifty-five milliseconds old, standing up at four feet and eleven inches, weighing in at one hundred sixty-two pounds and ten ounces.
I giggled, “Cook, useless.”
Peter said. “Reverend Kenya Tanzania hales from the Congo dome in the United Africa region. He will be analyzing both the economical and the financial markets on our new planet. His secondary position represents our mission’s spiritual leader.”
Male: gray colored business suit, yellow colored necktie, beige tinted dress shirt, black tinted skin tone, brown colored eyes, a head of black colored hair, divorced, not married. He was forty-five years, eleven months, four days, six hours, thirty-eight minutes, forty-nine seconds and two milliseconds old, standing up at six feet and three inches, weighing in at two hundred twenty pounds and nine ounces.
I whispered, “Preacher, useless.”
“Natasha Karsarina is welcomed from the United Asia Government.” Martin said with a nod to the woman.
Female: white colored jumpsuit trimmed in multi-colored animal fur, long red colored ponytail, bronze tinted skin tone, copper colored eyes, single. She was thirty-three years, two months, twenty-nine days, five hours, thirty minutes, two seconds and forty-eight milliseconds old, standing up at five feet and nine inches, weighing in at one hundred thirty-four pounds and eight ounces.
“I prefer to be addressed as Huntress,” her husky timber rumbled in the quiet room, lifting a long rifle over her collar bone, displaying a knife handle on her left hip holster, and numerous stun darts across the front of her utility belt.
“Of course, Huntress,” Martin said with a nod. “Huntress will track and kill any predators for their skins and their meats. She will be providing us with food sources, once we reach the new planet. Her secondary position is just as impressive. She is trained in all weapons, hand to hand fighting techniques, and explosives in case we find ourselves in trouble.”
I whispered with a smirk, “Commando, very useful.”
“I want to introduce the young man, who will fly the old space shuttle, Captain Jim Harris.” Peter motioned as Jim stood and saluted to the audience. Peter said with a smile. “He is also our certified mechanic on the mission.”
Jim wore a black colored jumpsuit, a head of blonde hair, a pair of blue colored eyes, and a skin tone of peachy beige and was engaged to be married. He was thirty-five years, three months, fifteen days, three hours, two minutes, fifty seconds and six milliseconds old, standing up at five feet and eight inches, weighing in at one hundred sixty-eight pounds and five ounces.
I whispered, “Pilot, very, very useful.”
“Major Juan Cervantes is the copilot and the engineer. Pilot and copilot both come from this military dome Dall-Tex.” Martin said.
Cervantes sat, giving a head nod, wearing a black fitted jumpsuit with his first name engraved on the left side in golden tinted letters. He possessed black colored hair, brown colored eyes, and brown tinted skin tone. He was twenty-nine years, five months, eight days, five hours, forty-six minutes, twenty seconds and eighteen milliseconds old, standing up at five feet and five inches, weighing in at one hundred twenty-seven pounds and two ounces, and was married. He yelled to Peter. “Martin, I’m from the United South America dome. I’ve been temporarily assigned to this dome to ensure the success of the Tele mission and return the team members back home to Earth without dying,” laughing.
“Thanks for correcting me, Major Cervantes.” Martin nodded.
I said with a lady sneer, “Trouble, very, very useless.”
“We come to our last Tele astronaut.” Peter looked with a smile to see Starra. “Dr. Starra Starbelt, please stand and move closer to the middle seats, so your fellow Teles can get a good look you. Dr. Starbelt is an ecosphere administrator in the United North American government. Her specialties include agricultural cultivation of soil, producing crops, and raising livestock.”
I slowly stood in stunned shock and total embarrassment, moving to the middle of the aisle without showing any teeth.
All eyeballs stared at her pair of dirty cowgirl boots, her pair of faded ripped blue jeans, and her dirty T-shirt.
“She’s a farmer. Why do we need her? You said Huntress was going to feed us.” Cervantes fingered Natasha.
I stood with a bright red face. I sighed with shame.
I made my first mistake insulting Martin’s authority and not believing in this phantom Tele mission. My second error was being escorted by a pair of military soldiers to the auditorium, dressed in my shredded blue jeans and my worn cowgirl boots, dropping red clay dirt over the clean floor. My third mistake was letting a foul loud mouth military officer criticize my career choice.
Cervantes was correct.
The other Teles and the Tele mission did not need me and as, I did not wanna be here either, but my grandma had taught me to stand up for my rights and be proud of my farm career.
I thumbed Natasha behind my collar bone, saying with a lady sneer. “She kills the animal. I tell ya, if you can eat it, major.” I scooted and plopped down in the nearest padded chair, crossing my dirty arms over my dirtier shirt. I sighed with arrogance.
“She told you, Cervantes.” One of the Teles laughed and clapped while hearing the others laugh and applaud too.
Peter raised his arms, saying with a sour frown. “People!? Please, people. Your attention here to me. Starra has clarified her role in the Tele mission. I have additional instructions to conclude the evening session.”
I flipped my face to my new pet which moved and hovered in my nose profile diving in the electronic file of Major Cervantes. He was married to Marta, who could not join the first ever intergalactic outer space trip. I sighed with suspicion.
Peter said with a smile and a nod to the Tele astronauts. “The communications globe details your suite number and your training schedule. This concludes your first day of Tele training. The rest of the evening belongs to you until tomorrow at six in the morning. Please be prompt. Dismissed, Tele astronauts…”
I shook my bangs in my eyeballs and stood, following the flying globe to my assigned suite on the fourth floor.


08:08 p.m.
Fourth floor apartment setting
Blue clouds and red moon with orange sky
Humid and sunny at 97°F


The door closed.
I scanned my new home, showing two rooms, a separate bedroom, and a large living space. The large space was both a kitchen and a living room, holding a sofa, two lounge chairs, and four glass end tables. An array of horizontal viewing glass windows covered three walls of my chamber and showed a speculator view of surrounding dirt landscape, highlighting a grounded ancient dull white colored space shuttle. I sighed with dread.
I moved to the kitchen, discovering a refrigerator door, and opened the door, seeing food, snacks, and beverages. I closed the door.
I opened a new door on the bottom cabinet with dishes, pots, pans, and slammed the door too. “I think that they planned on me staying awhile.” I exhaled with a puff of irritation, spinning and strolling to the single bedroom, seeing a bed, a bureau, and a chest of empty drawers.
The mini-globe circled around with Starra and did not laugh at her funny jab as it was too serious about the Tele mission into outer space too.
I moved to the bedroom closet, seeing bath linens, bed blankets, head pillows, and a new body wardrobe. There were numerous one-piece jumpsuits colored in midnight black with golden tinted embossed lettering on the left shoulder, spelling: PAMI1.
I exhaled with a huff of annoyance, spinning and strolling out the bedroom.
I moved to the living room and plopped down on a soft cushy, conforming my tired petite bones in the soft fabric, desiring to contact Ming, but I decided on tomorrow. I closed my eyelashes and leaned my skull on the head rest. I sighed with intrigue.
The mini-globe hovered at her nose profile, sounding with a ting, a beep, and a growl. Some of the machines possessed a nastier computer personality. This particular mini-globe contained details of the Tele mission, the Tele training schedule agenda, and Tele orders for tomorrow with the rest of her tour of duty at the Dall-Tex military dome. I sighed with imprisonment.
“Not tonight, darling, I have a headache.” I rolled into a kitten-ball inside my comfortable chair, falling asleep.
Day Two of Tele Training


06:06 a.m.
Auditorium room setting
Golden tinted sky with brown clouds and pink sun
Hot and sunny at 97ºF


I saw them near the door in a one-piece black colored jumpsuit for Tele training, the other Tele team members.
I moved passed them and heard in my left eardrum.
Cervantes shouted with a chuckle. “Hey, Pamy…”
Five fingers attacked my left collar bone and halted my entrance through the archway. I snapped around my snarl and my curls to see Cervantes.
Cervantes laughed in her freckles. “Beauty sleep makes ya beauty and happy, Pamy.”
“What?” I said with a lady sneer, studying down at his five fingers near my jumpsuit. He did not touch but shook a finger over my golden threads of letters on the left side of my new Tele uniform. I stared at his wiggling fingers, reading the bright gold letters upside down and translated it upright in my neurons. PAMI1.
“Pamy is no bamy. Are ya a mamy, but maybe a zamy, hamy?” Cervantes laughed.
“What?” I said with a lady sneer to him. I sighed with loser.
Gigi fingered her own golden threads, saying with a giggle. “I am PI from the two individual letters of P and I.”
“AI is my new name.” Lulu chuckled and fingered her own gold letters on her jumpsuit.
Saudi touched his own golden letters on his jumpsuit and grinned. “MI.”
“MIA. But that doesn’t mean that I’m a girl, right? Since that’s a female name. I am not a female,” Kenya tapped on his own golden threads on his jumpsuit, saying with a frown.
I rolled my eyeballs and swung to the auditorium, whispering for my eardrums only. “MIA, missing in action, I wish that I could so bad.” I stomped to the rear of the room in the last row, the corner seat and alone. I sighed with boredom.
Peter stood at the podium, saying with a nod and a smile to the Teles. “This program is called the Tele Project. We are identified as Tele astronauts and as, each one us has numerous special talents and assignments. Yesterday, I briefed you on your primary responsibility and backup position. I must say that you look like a polished Tele team already with the new clothing issued to you for the remainder of the mission. The black jumpsuit is designed for your body form and your comfort. You might have noticed markings on the upper left side of your uniform which is entirely different from your fellow Tele astronauts. These are not your initials or nicknames, but I guess some of the letters might form a new type of cat call, if you dare to utilize it.” Peter looked down and up sided down to his own golden letters, and looked up to the audience, saying with a smile and a nod. “The set of letters represents a Tele specific specialty and an estimated range that is based on your specific dominate Tele talent. Miss Lulu shows two individual letters ‘A’ and ‘I’ where the letter ‘A’ represents Miss Lulu’s highest level of clairvoyance. The other letter ‘I’ is her second favored degree of telekinesis. The range of each Tele is measured in numerical degrees from one to three. One denotes the highest level. Are there any questions, so far? You are welcome to interrupt me at any time.”
I rolled my eyeballs and looked at Peter, thinking that no Teles had bothered to comment, because they were too serious and too eager to serve their country or the mission or the whatever.
He said. “Tele abilities are classified as telepathy that is denoted as the letter P. Telekinesis is represented by the letter ‘I.’ Teleclairvoyance is depicted as the letter A, and telemetabolics symbolizes as the letter M. Telepathy or mind reading or thought reading or mind guarding, all are the means of communicating to humans or animals in a non-traditional method other than verbally or visually or auditory.” He fingered Lulu with a nod.
Lulu raised the object, saying with a nod and a smile. “I have a new batch of tarot cards. Do you want me to use them for the Tele mission?”
“We are not going to read tarot cards to determine the mission’s fate.” Peter shook his skull. “Telekinesis or levitation is the ability to move objects small, medium, large, extra large, and extra, extra large coming from point A and going to point B without interruption. Teleclairvoyance or precognition or post cognition or object reading, all are the ability to perceive people or places or objects or events that are not present at the moment but will be in the future. Telemetabolics is a healing and body manipulation which is a rare ability to cure or mend a wound or other physical aliment or condition on a human or an animal to its original healthy state.
“Each person on this team possesses some of degree of the four named talents. The numbers etched on your suit are a guide for me, your evaluator. I will be assessing and appraising your performance throughout this training session and not for a grade but for better management of the program and success of the flight.
“The morning classes are strictly academic in nature ranging from course loads of mathematics, chemistry, economics, biological, foreign languages, first aid, Earth history, computer programming, martial arts, weaponry, and combat training. I have talked enough. Time for your first class! We will meet here after lunch for the first round of Tele tests. Dismissed!” Martin giggled and wiggled his fingers to the Teles to jump out of the way…naw…go to Tele school. I sighed with nonsense.
At 07:07 a.m. during the first academic class, my first official Tele academic class was entitled Alien Protocol.
One of the stupid Tele students in the front row, in which, I could not see but could hear from the last row, said with an obnoxious laugh. “Is this class for us or the inhabitants of the new planet that we will be invading?”
“Since Earth people are destined to visit a new star system for the first time in Earth history, the United Earth government has created a guide book with rules and regulations for aliens, meaning you, the Tele astronauts,” the speaker said with a nod and a smile.
“I’m the alien,” another stupid Tele student laughed and slapped the chest.
“Reading material and class questions were posted in the mini-communication globe for review last night,” the speaker said.
Aliens were little green life forms in my old television programs on my communications globe at my home. I enjoyed watching the silly programs as a child and a teen. However, I was also mentally smart enough not to vocalize out loud that I was not an alien too. I sighed with earthling.
The speaker said. “Good morning. Welcome to Alien Protocol class. I am Dr. Stan Webb. Before we begin our assignments, I have updated information from the United Earth Tele Project headquarters. The unknown planet has a name, Vor. The word is from German mythology which translations for earthlings as ‘the goddess from whom nothing could be hidden.’ It sounds very appropriate for our study assignment, today.
“Vor was discovered thirty-five years, two months, thirty days, nine hours, twenty-one minutes, fourteen seconds, and fifty-two milliseconds ago. And, yes, I like using my math numbers, too. Vor was discovered by a team of scientists using one of the most powerful telescopes on Earth, during a routine sweep that watched exploding stars, comets, asteroids, and black holes. At the time, it was a faint speck of glowing particles of x-rays, radio waves, and gamma rays. It wasn’t the black hole that the scientists were seeking, so they concluded that it was a mystery and closed the files.
“Around the year 2093, a team of scientists reported to the United Earth government that the planet Earth was slowly, slowly being poisoned from continuous radiation fallout, since 2028. And planet Earth could only sustain life for another eighteen years, six months, twenty-two days, eleven hours, fifty-one minutes, ten seconds and thirty-three milliseconds. However, now, the scientists are finding out that our enclosed glass domes cannot hold off the radiated infestations coming from the underground poisoned soil. The baby weed seedlings are seeping underneath the dome and invading both the sewer systems and water supply lines. I had been updated with some sad news one of the United Asia biospheres, two domes had succumbed to radiation infiltration. The environmental attack was both slow and subtle, causing people and wildlife to die within five months, eleven days, nineteen hours, six minutes, forty-one seconds and thirty-eight milliseconds.”
My huge heart sunk down in my stomach pit and as, my stomach muscles launched it back up through my tight esophagus. I gagged, coughed, and breathed. I was correct. My weird math result was correct too.
In conclusion, my farm was being invaded by the same funky radiated seeds with its deadly killing poisons also. I gathered and held my wet tears of both sadness and fright, swallowing the bile back down my tight esophagus. I gagged, coughed, and breathed again.
Webb said. “The separate United Governments have ordered all scientific data to be analyzed and re-analyzed to find a solution to the world’s growing deadly one number issue. Lots of recommendations have been suggested, such as, dig numerous trenches around the existing land domes, apply chemical acids to kill the poisoned seeds, build a sky city in the atmosphere, build a space station above Earth or build a moon base. The best suggestion was relocation. But where would all the earthlings relocate to in the sky, on the moon or in the clouds? A few years ago, another mysterious picture from planet Earth year 2020 was discovered, also. With the assistance of our newest technological advancement and magnified image enhancement, it revealed a wormhole. It is a single stable and predictable wormhole with an opening. The parting parts parted precisely every single hour, eighteen minutes, two seconds and thirteen milliseconds.” He thumbed behind his collar bone to the electronic black colored board.
“The amazing part, the photos showed, verified, and confirmed an oxygen and hydrogen mixed proportion breathable planet that was located on the other side of this wormhole. The planet is capable of maintaining life and we have named it, Vor.” Webb sipped the water.
He said with a nod and a smile. “Wormholes are unstable rips in outer space, a hollow tunnel connecting two complete universes. The Milky Way Galaxy does not contain a wormhole that we can find. The wormhole of Vor is located at the half way point between the Andromeda Galaxy and the Milky Way Galaxy which is slightly north by northwest of us.
“Andromeda Galaxy lies 2.2 million light years far away from Earth. This makes the wormhole calculation close to 1.1 million light years of space travel.” Webb pointed to the raised hand.
The Tele astronaut dropped the arm, saying. “How long will it take us to reach the planet of Vor?”
“A light year is a measure of distance, not time. The distance of light travels in speed of 186,287 miles per second. That’s fast. So, it takes 499 seconds for a unit of light to travel from the Sun to planet Earth in distance. To illustrate another way, the ancient space shuttle was pretty fast in its day going 17,500 miles per hour. The Sun is 92.9 million miles from Earth. So 92.9 million miles divided by 17,500 miles per hour equal 5,308 hours and 57 minutes. Or it would take outer space an astronaut 221 days and 19 hours to reach the Sun in a star ship. Pluto is the farthest planet in our solar system which is 3,577,000 billion miles from the Sun, so it would take a plutonian 5 hours and 33 minutes to travel to the Sun by light speed or 291 days and 67 hours to travel by his or her star ship to reach the Sun.” Webb said with a smile and a nod.
“Hey. There ain’t no life on the ice belt planets of Pluto.” One of the Tele students laughed, hearing the other chuckles.
Webb laughed with a nod. “I was wondering if my audience was asleep. We are…”
“Hey, Dr. Webb…” A hand rose, and as the voice of the Tele asked. “I would like to re-phase my question. How many miles to Vor?”
Dr. Webb typed on his computer at the podium as a math number of 657,344,709,491,285 miles appeared on the electronic black colored board in red colored letters.
Jim leaned across the empty aisle, whispering with a smile to Starra. “I wished my bank account held these numbers.”
“If my math assumptions are correct, you would travel 16,094,764,800 miles per day. So you would travel 401,186,353 Earth days to reach this newly discovered wormhole in outer space which translates mathematically into 1,099,141 years or 1.1 million light years. In theory, of course, since no one has even traveled going passed the lunar moon. Putting the math theory to the side and to answer your question, the new transportation system, the Tele team, is estimated to arrive in one hour, nine minutes, sixty seconds and zero milliseconds to boldly venture over 1.1 million light years and reach the mouth of the wormhole. Then the Tele team will invade the new planet Vor...”
“All right! Let’s finish training and go par-tee har-tee.” Another Tele student clapped with a laugh.
“Jet to the new planet of Vor and back home to the old planet of Earth for dinner with a bunch of rocks. So, Earth people, go and pack your bags and move to our new home. Easy peasy with vanilla squeaky!” Another Tele student clapped with a laugh too.
I waved my hand without the wiggling fingers, asking for the other slow thinking Tele students. “What are the side effects of cryonic suspension for our human transport?”
“Don’t know.” Webb looked down to the seating chart and looked up to see the Tele student. “Starra, why is this relevant, here?” He said with a sour frown.
I said with a sour frown, a nod, and a growl. “I was curious…worried about the physical condition of the crew during both the takeoff and the landing. Heaven forbid, if one of us does not revive after landing on Vor, then what happens to that Tele person?”
He laughed. “The Tele medical staff has assured me that all crew members are healthy and fit for duty. I don’t think no one will need to be revived, unless one of the Teles faints inside the space shuttle cabin during takeoff.”
I gasped and dropped my mouth. “We are all expected to be conscious the entire journey. I do not understand, Dr. Webb.”
Webb said with a smile and a nod to Starra. “Ah, I am beginning to understand. You didn’t read the Alien Protocol handbook last night, did you, Starra?” First, all the faces turned to see Starra, and then second, all their eyeballs stared at her.
My eyelashes slanted sideways to the right, looking for that creepy cockroach, saying with a meek tone. “Time…tight…”
Peter cleared his throat, moving and standing behind Starra, saying with a firm tone. “I will give you the fairy tale version, Dr. Starbelt.”
My eyeballs still searched for that cockroach and as my eardrums listened.
Peter said. “The mission will use telekinesis energy to guide the space shuttle to planet Vor. You and the other Tele astronauts in this lecture hall are the source of the power. Captain Harris and copilot Major Cervantes will fly and navigate the shuttle and then land us safely on the new planet. We will stay three hours, three minutes, three seconds, and three milliseconds in Earth time, collecting specimens, analyzing data, and recording natural phenomenon. Then we return through the wormhole back to Earth. The entire voyage will be four hours, thirteen minutes, two seconds, and three milliseconds of your precious time, Dr. Starbelt. After the Tele mission, everyone goes back home to their respective biospheres.” He crossed his arms and stared down at her hair roots.
I cannot find that pesky cockroach, exhaling with a puff of annoyance, rubbing my face. I sighed with embarrassment.
Webb said with a smile and a nod. “Tomorrow morning, we will discuss the gravity, rotation patterns, diameter, and other pertinent statistics of planet Vor for your first earthling outer space trip. You are dismissed to study. Thank you.”
The other Teles left the room.
I sat and stared at the black colored board, wearing a red colored face.
At 01:11 p.m. inside the gymnasium floor with a pink colored sky and yellow clouds and an aqua sun during a hot and humid 112°F, the trainees were transported by solar train to Tele Training building number five, a seven story building on the outside without a distressed pretty princess hanging off the balcony. The white interior space was the size of three sports arenas with a set of vertical silver metal tinted partitions that equaled six prison…naw…practice cells down the hallway.
My prison…naw…practice cell was number six.
I thought six was an unlucky number.
My three bare walls measured eighty-two feet and seven inches from the floor up to the ceiling, a width of thirty-eight feet and four inches. The depth was twenty-two feet and six inches. Yeah, Peter told me.
Keep up, ya’ll!
The ceiling held a naked skylight, showing off the funky aqua colored sun rays that filtered down to my prison…practice cell. An ancient beaten up and dull colored reddish-pink cherry wooden grandfather clock accurately displayed the current time: 01:11.
Peter adjusted his microphone, making a squeak then a growl and then a chirp inside each practice cell as he stood on the seventh floor viewing platform, smiling down to the Tele students. “Good afternoon, Tele astronauts.”
“I wished he wasn’t so dang happy all the freaking time about this stupid poopie mission.” I whispered for my eardrums only.
“Do you have a comment, Dr. Starbelt?” Peter said with a sour frown to prison cell number six, seeing the mixed black and gray colored hair roots of Starra.
I had learned too late about the great acoustics inside my prison cell. “Nerves, nervousness.” I moved to the opposite wall out of his eyesight. I sighed with embarrassment.
Peter blasted his chuckle across the wall plaster of each practice cell. “The primary reason for conducting our Tele test sessions to calm your fears and your frustrations before the actual flight, Dr. Starbelt.”
Okay. His lecture was for me. I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, sliding down and sitting on the floor. I sighed with silence.
Peter looked down into each practice cell, seeing the different colored hair roots, saying with a stern tone. “Your first task is to suspend the moving pendulum inside the grandfather clock as long as possible. I am going to measure and evaluate your performance of time and endurance. This is a basis skill of your Tele power called telekinesis. Are there any questions? Good. Breathe in and out. Relax.”
I rolled my eyeballs, staring at the clock.
“Concentrate. Breathe in and out again.” Peter said.
I obeyed, sucking in a mouthful of oxygen to live.
“Breathe in and out deeper. Focus. Begin.” Peter said.
I stood and slapped my arms near my kneecaps, staring at the clock, watching the pendulum swing side to side.
And I watched it swing side to side.
The tick tock time of seconds sounded of silence inside my pretty prison practice cell. Do you like my t’s and s’s and p’s, ya’ll?
I exhaled with a puff of boredom and a faint of concentration, resulting in nothing.
The shiny golden tinted pendulum merrily danced to its own song, swinging side to side. I sighed with frustration.
“I can do this. I think…” my Tele talents sucked.
I exhaled with a puff of boredom and executed my mediation thingy, since I was both peeved and pizzed with the man, the mission, and the clock.
Yeah, that was a word, ya’ll.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
My neuron captured the last image from my eyeballs, an ancient beaten up dull colored reddish-pink cherry tinted wooden grandfather clock.
Then I mentally connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to something: Move the clock. Stop the pendulum. Move the clock. Stop the pendulum. Move the clock. Stop the pendulum.
“That is an outstanding job, Starra! I suggest open your eyes.” Martin stared down into practice number cell and at the hair roots of Starra.
I opened my eyelashes and stared at the naked wall then the naked floor, and finally the skylight, dropping my mouth and as my eyeballs saw that the pendulum had stopped swinging. And the clock was hanging up in the air at twenty-two feet and eleven inches from the tile… (Yeah, my Tele powers tell me so.) I smiled with a goofy grin at my Tele performance without speaking with my tongue or shaking my body parts.
“How do you feel, Starra?” Peter said.
“I feel fine.” I did not dare break my Tele hold on the clock in the air and above both my hair roots and my neurons.
“Do you feel tired or drained or weak?” Peter said.
“No.” I stared at the suspended grandfather clock.
“Can you lower the clock without damaging it?” Peter said.
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, closing my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. I connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to something again. The clock gently landed on the floor with a thud. I exhaled with a puff of delightfulness, sliding down the wall, sitting on the cool floor, and closed my eyelashes. My Tele ears heard the sound of claps and as, my Tele vision saw the other students who had gathered around Peter on the upper platform that were celebrating my Tele accomplishment. I sighed with pride. I whispered for my eardrums only. “I love my Tele magic.”
At 06:06 p.m. inside the dining room setting underneath a green colored skyline with blue tinted clouds with a waxing pink tinted moon during a cool and sunny day at 84°F, during dinnertime, Peter said and smiled with food between his front teeth as no other Tele would tattle. “I am very pleased with the individual outcomes of each Tele student. The longest hold time of telekinesis power was twenty-three minutes, thirty-five seconds, and sixteen milliseconds. The shortest time was five minutes, two seconds, and thirty-three milliseconds. A round of very good performances for a first try and with more practice each one of you will be accomplishing a mark of twenty-five minutes or longer. We are off to a good start with our Tele training.” He rapped on the table, nodding with satisfaction, finishing his meal.
I said with a sour frown to my plate of food. “My task lasted twenty-three minutes and whatever. It seemed more like three seconds to me.” I bit into the salty fish and spat it back on my plate and I was not taught that ugly move by my grandma. I cleaned my tongue with the napkin and drank some water, restoring my good taste buddies.
Peter turned with a smile to see Starra. “That is an interesting observation, Starra.” His mini-globe sailed around Peter and stopped at the nose profile of Starra, recording both her audio and verbal disgusting table manners.
I cut my eyeballs to the right, staring down the cold metal, saying with a growl. “Get away from me! Or I will disassembly your a…” The sphere flew and fled, hiding protectively behind Peter, dancing its metal can over the floor, and recorded all the audio and verbal information from there.
“Pamy needs a nap.” Kenya chuckled and shoved the fish in his mouth, chewing.
Peter said with a sour frown to each Tele. “People, this is a new field. We are testing Tele abilities and limits. Historical studies have shown tapping the natural energies of the mind are exhausting. Each one of you will tax his or her capabilities beyond the normal Tele realm during the rest of our training sessions. It is the only method to strengthen your Tele talents, making this mission successful. I am here to evaluate these limits. You will experience a type of Tele backlash too. It could be in the form of physical drainage or weak thoughts or hunger binges. To battle this phenomenon, you must remember to eat, to rest, to mediate, and to practice your breathing exercises. Lessons concluded. Enjoy your meal. I will be inside my office, if you need me. Good night.” He stood and left the eating hall.
A few days later…


Day Five of Tele Training


08:08 a.m.
Private chamber setting of Starra
Yellow sky with purple clouds and blue sun plus black rain
Wet and cloudy at 88°F


I slept on Sunday morning which was a day of rest for the sleepy mistress of Tele magic.
The mini-globe encircled her bed sounding with a beep…beep…beep…bee…
I sighed with silence.
I had slammed the bedroom lamp against its round metal can, accessing my deadly Tele power of telekinesis, performing a Tele kill shot at the annoying beast. I rolled to face the other bare wall, exhaling with a puff of delightfulness.
The mini-globe coughed with the tenor timber of Peter, “Time for your evaluation and my assessment, Starra.”
I could hear but could not see Peter on the semi-broken mini-globe, because I saw darkness with my eyelashes closed.
He said via the mini-globe. “I am sorry to interrupt your beauty sleep, but I have an assessment form for completion. Could you please be in my office in fifteen minutes, eight seconds and forty-two milliseconds?”
I whined “Great! Duty calls early today!” I rolled sideways out my warm bedding, walking my naked feet over the dirty jumpsuit on the floor that held my bad body odor, jerking it up, sniffing the smelly fabric to my nose. I sneezed and snarled from my puppy dog pee odor, dressing and strolling out the archway, of my prison…naw…private room.
At 08:18 a.m. inside the office of Peter, I sat in the metal chair of green hue and smiled at my boss. “As a certified ecosphere administrator, I’m required to pass a government test to retain my title, each year. The comprehensive exam includes mathematics, science, language, first aid, Earth history, and computer programming. I always score in the ninety percentile range. You can verify that score with the United North American Government database at the Hunts-Bama biosphere. Therefore, my academic skills are honed and polished. I do not feel that additional class time is required for me. I should be excused.” I smiled, stinking up his private office with my bad body odor.
Try and top that one! I connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to Peter.
“I can try and top that one, Starra.” Peter heard her Tele words coming through his Telepathy, saying with a grin and a nod to one of his best Tele students. “I agree with your academic assessment. However, raising forty-two heavy clocks, four empty book shelves, and ten pieces of living room furniture items with an average total height of sixty-three feet and eight inches in the air is not a magnificent telekinesis skill. It is minor on the total scale. I will remind again. Our mission is to raise the old space shuttle off the ground and out of Earth’s atmosphere with only the telekinesis power of seven people. The seven Tele people will travel out of our Milky Way Galaxy through a wormhole in another galaxy on another planet and then establish a new base for earthlings. The new world is called Vor.”
I jerked my chin to see the wall corner, looking for that cockroach, wishing to use my mediocre telepathic skills on his mutated brain cells. I sighed with frustration.
He said with a smile and a nod to her nose profile. “You are exempted from your academic classes, except for first aid. I will substitute those academic courses for something that compliments your extensive background. Telekinesis tests will continue. Believe me! They will become more difficult, Dr. Starbelt. This week, the Tele team will begin lessons in combat training.” I could not find that cockroach. Peter continued to sit and lifted up a hand into the air motioning her dismissal. I sighed with dissatisfaction.
A few days later…


Day Eight of Tele Training


07:07 a.m.
Mediation room setting on the floor
Red sky and blue clouds with brown sun
Cool and sunny at 90°F


I burped after the breakfast meal, during roll call while attending a new class called mediation. I sat in a cross-legged pose on the carpet with my open palms, breathing in the cool re-circulated air. Lulu conducted the class, practicing the Tele power called teleclairvoyance (seeing past or present or future events of people or places or property or whatever mentally hit your neurons, baby). I yawned, showing my brushed teeth. The breathing exercise continued for two hours, thirty-two minutes, ten seconds and sixteen milliseconds.
Lulu whispered to the semi-dark, semi-cool, semi-quiet room. “Does anyone want to share their vision? Don’t be shy now!”
Huntress punched Starra in the rib cage.
I jumped a half an inch in the air from the carpet, landed on my kneecaps first, my fanny second, and grabbed my aching ribs with both my hands third.
Huntress smiled with an evil smile with her eyelashes closed.
I had innocently fell asleep sometime between breath number six or seven, peacefully slumbering for two hours, thirty-two minutes and three or four seconds, and I felt both fresh and anew now. I sighed with hunger too.
Lulu said with a smile and opened her eyelashes, looking to each Tele. “If there are no visions, then we’ll end our session now.” She stood, pressing her jumpsuit down to her ankles.
I stood and moved to the archway.
Pilot Jim lingered and loitered near the same archway, looking to each Tele and as, each Tele moved and went to the morning academic class.
I was exempt, grinning with a devious smile, dancing my high heeled boots side to side. I sighed with joy.
“Are you, Starbelt?” Jim looked sideways to the hovering mini-globe screen, blocking her footpad down the hallway.
“Maybe!?” I back stepped, saying with a growl to Jim.
“Martin has approved you as my new mission specialist on the space shuttle.” Jim turned with a smile to see Starra. She dropped open and closed her mouth with puzzlement. He chuckled with a nod. “That means you get to help load all the gear into the cargo bay until…”
My Tele eardrums heard the drifting sound of giggles, sniggers, and laughs coming from the other Tele students, who continued to move away from Starra and down the hallway for class. I sighed with bitterness.
At 03:03 p.m. inside the space shuttle interior setting underneath a brown colored sky with a set of pink colored clouds and a red sun during a hot and sunny day of 119°F, Jim fingered the next object and wiped his dirty hands on a dirtier jumpsuit. “Lift number four and place it in the corner over there!”
Accessing my T-power of telekinesis, I performed a Tele lift on the fourth terrain tiny tractor, flying it across the grass, into the cargo ship, and executed a Tele drop down into the pre-selected slot with a loud clink.
“Be careful!” He yelled with a sour frown. “These vehicles are fragile and represent our only transport to explore our new home Vor.” He exhaled with a huff of frustration. She luxuriously lounged in a long chair without a care in the world but lifting her middle finger for her awesome telekinesis assignment. He said with a sad pout to Starra. “Sorry. Are you tired? Do you need a break from...er...lifting, Starra?”
I rolled my eyeballs and then performed a body flip flop to the left side inside the fabric yellow colored duck-patterned chair, feeling irate, angry, and fury that would never be purged from my neurons, but I had to give credit, where credit was due. Peter was a dang devious dangerous Tele master, finding a set of more sour suitable substitutions for my academic class assignments. I sighed with miffness.
My new assignment, I was to Tele lift every single item of bag, crate, tub, box, carton, container, and specimen jar of filled and empty plus all the light, medium, and heavy equipment pieces into an empty cargo bay of shuttle, using my Tele power of telekinesis. By the way, Jim informed that there were 6,078 pieces to load before the launch date of the Tele mission. I sighed with drudgery.
Using my T-power of telekinesis, I executed a Tele grab on the tumbler of pink colored lemonade on the side food table and performed a Tele sail to my left hand, sipping the cold liquid, painting a pink colored mustache on my lips. I wiped the wet mustache off my lips and my nose by twirling my fingers around and around in the air, feeling the pink residue both lifted up and dissolved in the air. I said with a giggle from the tickling. “I’m refreshed. What piece of equipment is next?”
Jim wiped sweat from his forehead with his hand, staring with a smile to Starra. “We can do something different for a while. How about a tour of the space shuttle, Pamy?” I rolled my eyeballs and stood upright, following behind Jim. He moved ahead with a smile towards the cargo bay, fingering each mounted object on each wall. “The dark pit of the space shuttle is called the storage area. You have loaded all morning and afternoon numerous miniature terrain vehicles, wagons, solar bikes, and other useful equipment for our mission…”
They shuffled one at a time into an interior green colored coded storage compartment and scooted around each box of medical, laboratory, food supplies, and weapons, entering the yellow colored coded interior compartment.
I felt dizzy, bending and stooping between the low hatchways in the small and cramped shuttle ceiling. I sighed with languor.
Jim chuckled and fingered the ugly stacked metal on the side way. “These are the stacked living quarters and bathroom stalls for little boys and little girls, and personal lockers for your space gear. Finally…”
“Finally!” I frowned.
Jim stopped and spun around to see Starra, blocking her foot path again, and said with a stern tone. “Did you say something, Starra?”
“Finally, it is the last leg of our glorious tour, the cockpit.” I faked a smile. He smiled with a nod. I had cheated and read his mind like a new science fiction book, using my Tele power of telepathy by accident, of course. I repeated his mental words that suddenly were on the tip of my pink colored tongue, of course.
Jim said. “I was about to voice those same those same exact words in that exact sentence on the tip of my tongue.” He smiled and spun around, opening the door, “…the last leg of our glorious tour, the cockpit.”
I stood…naw…slumped…naw…stumped in the short hatchway, seeing a tiny cramped space with lots of silver tinted, gold tinted, and black tinted buttons and switches. I faked a smile. “The cockpit, lots of instruments, right?”
Jim slapped both hands on the leather seat. “Sit in my chair, Starra!”
“Okay.” I slid into his chair and scanned numerous dials, switches, and red numbers above the console panel. The console was more complicated than a solar car, even a radio controlled solar train. I admitted the console instrument configuration on this massive outer space ship was too complex for my little fragile brain cells to comprehend. Jim pointed to each knob, explaining the function and the range. I rolled my eyeballs, rubbed my eyelashes, and closed my eyeballs towards glass windshield, enjoying a short catnap. There was nothing else to do, except go back to the cargo bay and load more pieces of useless equipment. My eardrums listened to Jim and as my lips repeated the nouns, “Fuel. Pressure. Altitude. Latitude. Oxygen…”
Jim stood upright and held onto a green colored lever above her hair roots. “There are two air pressure shields.”
“Two!” My eyeballs opened, quickly scanned the instrumentation console, and looked up to see a green colored lever.
“There is one in place above us.” He fingered down between the pilot and copilot seats to a blood red colored lever as her eyeballs followed his hand. “This control activates a second air pressure shield, in case, an emergency.”
I gasped, flinging both my arms in the air, “Emergency! What kind of emergency? Why is there an emergency?” I turned with a sour frown and viewed his grin.
“Breakage from space debris or flying asteroids or moon rocks, all could damage the original shield.” He grabbed her arm and winked with a grin to Starra.
I mouth spat in the air, “A moon rock!” My mouth spittle hit its trajectory and landed back down on his hand.
Jim chuckled and wiped off her mouth spittle. “I’m just kidding, Starra. A joke! There isn’t a thing in the universe that can penetrate that air pressure shield. The second covering is the standard backup outer space travel protocol.” He turned and left the cockpit. “This ends your tour, Starra. We need to get back to work before Martin comes along for his visual inspection, this afternoon.”
“Right!” I stood and left the cockpit and as, my neurons pondered a second air pressure shield.
A few days later…


Day Ten of Tele Training


4:01 p.m.
Gymnasium setting
Yellow sky with brown clouds and maroon sun
Humid and sunny at 110°F


I skipped into the self-defense class inside Tele training building ten that was located inside a large gymnasium.
The gymnasium contained a thick mat, covering half of the wood floor. There were three instructors, consisting of Huntress, my old buddy Ira from my ride inside the solar car, and a new guy named Dan.
Huntress said with a wicked smirk and slapped both hands on a chest like a mating ritual. “Time to pair up! Makes no difference to me, who’s your partner? The real test, how good you are at hand-to-hand combat with me?”
The Tele students shuffled around the mat.
Kenya stood beside Starra.
I crossed my naked arms over a new black colored T-shirt.
Kenya said with a moan like his naked toes had stepped into a pretended pile of doggie pookie. “This is going to be fun.”
“You will learn and execute self-defense techniques by me in the first round. Then you will attack and defend your techniques to Ira in the second round, and finally weapon fighting in the third round with Dan. Your team will rotate after thirty minutes to each round until you have defeated each one of us to our ultimate satisfaction. We will start with Gigi.” Huntress motioned with both her hands to Gigi.
Slim and elegant Gigi yelled and advanced forward, waving both her arms, displaying a strong, aggressive, and fearless attitude which differed from her quiet, sweet, and demeanor personality. She ran to the big muscular female commando. I sighed with impression.
Huntress reached and grabbed on one of the waving arms, flinging Gigi down to the matted floor, saying with a wicked smirk to the other sitting Teles. “Good job, Gigi. Who is the next student?” I sighed with more impression.
I turned to see the sitting row of the other Tele students on my left and looked to my right.
Nothing!
I was the last Tele student, dropping down next to Kenya on the soft mat in my government issued matching black colored T-shirt and matching shorts, waiting for my turn at pain. I scratched my ponytail with a couple of clean fingernails. I sighed with dread.
Huntress tossed four heavy bodies across the wide open gym with her awesome-like super human strength, wiggling her fingers to Starra.
I curled up my lips and saw the curled up and wounded Tele students on the other side of the wall, standing and prancing half-way to Huntress. I had observed with my patience and my neurons. Each Tele student had jumped and leaped directly at Huntress, hoping to get the first whack, taking her down. Yeah, baby! However, each Tele student had successfully failed. Naw, babe!
So, I decided to execute a different approach in the self-defense class, watching the smirk on the face of Huntress, mentally attacking at her neurons, but Huntress was blank like a dull tan colored painted wall to my telepathy mind probe.
Huntress leaped at Starra. I quickly sidestepped to the right, avoiding the nasty body collision, since it might just hurt my petite body. Huntress landed on her kneecaps with a red colored face, sounding with a growl. I smiled like a southern belle, performing an immediate about face, staring at Huntress. She sounded with a sneer and charged with a grunt at Starra.
Using my T-power of telekinesis, I performed a Tele jump up to a Tele height of six feet and four inches, grabbing both my naked ankles, twirling gracefully in an airborne somersault, tumbling over and over and over...
Huntress slid on her kneecaps underneath Starra, burning both her palms and her elbows on the rubber padded mat.
Before I could leap out of my twirl and land on my sneakers, Huntress lunged from a sitting position and attached like a pond leech to my right leg. I performed a Tele halt and a Tele pose airborne like a bird without the feathery wings, using my T-power of telekinesis with her body hanging in the air too. I beautifully executed a single backward Tele flip.
Huntress de-leeched from the right leg of Starra and dropped down on her back muscles without both her feet and her palms in the air like a dead animal.
I slowly preformed a Tele float down onto the mat and stood behind Huntress, sounding with a giggle, gracefully dancing on my sneakers in front of her up righted feet and palms. I sighed with impatience.
Huntress was not moving. I was not moving. I sighed with trickery.
I was more than hundred percent cautious and ninety percent certain that Huntress was waiting for me to attack, first. Huntress exhaled with a puff of satisfaction, moving to her palms and her kneecaps, slowing standing upright, and grunted, “Excellent, Starra, you can move to the next instructor. For the rest of ya wimps, another round again, Gigi,” She bent both kneecaps and slapped her hands across her chest for the go command.
I pranced with my hands behind my back spine, going down the wall to my next obstacle, humming to my own musical song, grinning with a girly giggle. Ira, the military guy stood up at six feet and four inches, weighing in at two hundred ninety-three pounds and thirteen ounces. Yeah, I studied.
I felt quietly intimidated in my petite frame of five feet and one inch of shortness, but alive at ninety-five pounds and two ounces of weight which was composed of fruity smelling adrenalin female hormones that were pumping throughout my petite body.
Ira said with a snort in his cold hard baritone. “You can impress me now, Pamy.” He did not wait for her smart-hole reply, but he smiled and charged like a running solar train out of control, lifting a big club between his cupped fists above his skull.
I stood in place and tilted my chin, pondering the deadly damage to my person and back stepped one pace from my fear and his fury. I swiftly and quietly concluded with my great awesome math skills that I could not possibility jump my way out of his foot path. I would need ten feet and two inches of space clearance from his lengthy three feet and six inched arm spam, even using on an ancient trampoline for jumping up and down for my fun and my entertainment and not eating mat filling for lunch. The padded mat ripped up from the floor and slapped his face.
Ira plowed both his body and his club in the mat. He and his club stick like glue to the vertical mat that was enchanted with some kind of supernatural force, and he was not advancing and harming Starra. He backed up two feet and hit the vertical soft foam mat with his club again and as, the mat clown-bounced up and down, side to side, over and over again for its fun. I sighed with enjoyment.
He tossed his club to the side and grabbed the edges of the mat, pushing his human might in a forward movement to Starra and as the mat protected her from his fist harm, since he and it were not moving. I sighed with amusement.
Peter stomped in angry from the wall, pulling up beside Starra, saying into both her eardrum and her nose profile. “Starra, what are you doing?”
I turned with a silly grin to see Peter, fingering the mat. “He told me to impress him.”
“Stop it, Dr. Starbelt!” Peter exhaled with puff of frustration and a nasty snarl. The mat fell sideways to the floor with a flop.
His eyeballs were criss-crossed in fury and as, his voice rumbled cold hard baritone to Starra. “Move along to the next person in line, Starbelt.”
I swung to the wall and pranced far, far away from his arm span, saying with a grin and a giggle. “I made another new friend today at Tele training class, Mama.” I scooted and sounded with numerous sneaker squeaks kinda like a bunch of baby piglet squeaks but better and scooted to Dan with a bright smile. The new teacher did not seem to threaten or coerce me, a nice change of pace.
He calmly said, using his invisible bad breath and his ugly yellow teeth. “You will each use a weapon against me and try to do the very best that you can, student.” The instructor fingered down to a long and sharp sword on the floor.
I squatted with my kneecaps and lifted the heavy bugger, using my hands, my ten finger pads, my two breasts, and my entire spinal cord, and my strong back muscles only managing to raise it to my waist. The hilt was ingrained with jewels of blue sapphires and red rubies, an instrument of both beauty and danger with a straight silver blade and a pointy tip of gold.
“En guard!” Dan said in the French language which meant ‘to die.’ I meant to say ‘to fight’ with the elegant shiny sword. He held his pretty gold saber in front of his muscular chest, maybe a little higher than his chest even with his fourth rib. I sighed with trepidation. He stepped a right sneaker and a left sneaker, coming closer to Starra. I weakly drew my sword with a pair of shaking biceps and triceps one fourth of the way up to my chest.
Dan lunged and sliced sideways at the saber tip directly near her belly button, missing. I jumped backward and dropped the dang pretty sword, landing on my fanny first, feeling frightened second, and spitting mouth saliva last. These were real weapons that were sharp, pointy, and thick bladed for harm to me. I rolled my eyeballs and raised both my arms, sitting down on the floor for drama, winking to Dan for fun. I shouted with my healthy lungs. “And I thought we were traveling to another planet to collect some dirt and old rocks. I had no idea that we would have to defend ourselves against the empire.” I giggled, hearing the other snickers. I sighed with entertainment.
Dan mouth spat on the floor with disgust, staring down her hair roots. “You must parry my attack with a counterattack. Or you will not live to see the next rebuff.” He resumed the en guard pose again like a Greek sissy female goddess and not like Ares, the cool Greek god of war.
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, flipping around onto my fours including my two palms and my kneecaps, slowly standing up on my sneakers. Using my T-power of telekinesis, I performed a Tele lift and a Tele float on my sword to my hands, whispering in my eardrums only. “Ya want a fight, mister. Then you’re going to get a right one from me.” I steadied the sword with both my cupped hands in front of my chest, guarding my freckles and as, my heart raced around in my chest cavity. My blood surged through my veins and as, my hands were both firm and ready for the next thrust from Dan, the sword man.
Dan performed a beautifully flawless jab to my right shoulder. I gracefully countered the maneuver and blocked his shot, hearing the ping of the swords.
Dan twisted both his arms in the air, pivoted a body, and stabbed his sword at her left shoulder, a beautiful execution but a little short of distance. I intercepted the thrust of saber with a ting, stopping his motion with my two fisted sword hold and as our blades grinded with a clank. Their set of teeth gritted with a pop. They sounded with a hiss and posed like statutes.
Then, I did it for total meanness.
I connected, linked, and then  then Tele talked to Dan: I win.
Telepathy was a strange tool. Educated scientists had theorized that there was no basis for the invisible event. However, sometimes, people did mentally communicate words or images between each other both mystery and misty for a weird dang reason.
Dan could attest that the mental miracle had occurred, hearing my toot in his weak mind, and not admitting defeat to his sword match.
Embarrassing Ira was fun, but I did not intend for it to be a standard rule.
Dan snapped his body back in a formal en guard stance, positioning his saber in an offensive manner.
I back stepped and held the sword close to my chest, whispering for my eardrums, only. “And, here we go again, folks.” My instructor cascaded his dancing feet with a powerful saber thrust at her shoulder. I caught and held my sword with his saber in an x-pattern, sounding with a cling.
His vicious hand punch landed in her rib cage, sliding down their swords with a swoosh, presenting her sword in a y-formation now. Dan jabbed a hardy stab with his fist to my skull, creating no sword formation. The blades released with a running and ringing ping.
I ducked a head too late and folded at my waist, dancing on my big feet from that cheating manly maneuver, falling down to the floor on my stomach, and coughed a hardy puff from the hard impact. I whispered. “Whoa! This game is getting too dangerous for me.” I sighed with fear.
Our Tele training task master had all of the Tele students, pushing our Tele powers of telepathy, telekinesis, teleclairvoyance, and telemetabolics that was a set of more t’s to the totally triumphant Tele supernatural limit.
I had been drilled to create and to defend my physical body with a Tele shield or a Tele bubbles or a Tele field in the rehearsed and practiced bouts of life saving emergencies. And this practice session constituted a freaking emergency.
I flipped over and landed on a back spine onto the cool floor and heard the swish of a blade in the air, seeing with my gray eyes. My sword performed a Tele dance in the air, swaying side to side in front of his nose bridge.
I could, sorta, explain, ya’ll.
I had allowed my sheltered Tele temper to beautifully explode, accessing my T-power of telekinesis, executing a Tele swing of my blade against my enemy.
Dan stumbled backward from her swaying sharp sword and said with a sneer and a growl and attacked my sword. Each sword clash rippled in musical tones of a clink and a dink.
I pressed my body down in the mat, watching my blade dance and as my subconscious mind controlled every poke and prod of my sword.
Dan grew both weary and tired, dropping numerous sweat balls down the floor from his face, his arms, and the two underarms of his wet T-shirt. I gagged and turned my face to the floor, before I vomited out green color puke of my morning breakfast. Dan executed his thrusts with a set of softer touches and smaller footsteps to her dancing sword. Then I heard the vocal explosion.
He said with a growl. “Enough.” Peter stomped from the wall again and stood over her smiling face. Both her sneakers wiggled ‘hi’ to Tele leader Peter. He said with a snarl. “I order you to switch it off, Dr. Starbelt.”
I looked up with a sad frown to Peter and as my mind mentally pondered that Tele concept. I continued to pour out body stinky sweat balls on the cool mat. I sighed with puzzlement.
The other Tele students left the gym without Starra. My Tele magic show had drained my human limited physical and Tele mental strength, feeling tired and sleep. Then, my sword dropped to the soft mat with a thud.
A few days later….


Day 12 of Tele Training


11:07 a.m.
Mediation class setting on floor again
Purple sky with golden clouds and white sun plus black rain
Wet and humid at 88ºF


I quit the catnapping after the fourth visitation to the boring class of Lulu during my breathing exercises and concentrated with my eyeballs open instead of closed while mediating in my little fragile Tele mind, clearly seeing a future vision of our Tele mission in darkness of the tiny room. Because, my ribcage was both sore and tired of the bruising injury from a pointy elbow of Huntress for her sport, when I snoozed for my pleasure.
Lulu said in a baritone tone like Peter for her fun. “I want you to breathe in and out.” She said in her normal soprano voice with her closed eyelashes. “Are there visions from anyone?”
“I see blue shimmering clouds.” Saudi said with a nod and his closed eyelids.
“Your image is very good. Are there any more pictures?” Lulu said with a nod and her closed eyelashes.
My eyeballs watched a circle of crossed-legged people, who would nod their skulls slowly up and down, looking really strange and weird.
“I see a yellow chicken.” Gigi said with a nod with her closed eyelashes.
“I know for a fact that we’re having grilled chicken for lunch.” Lulu said with a nod with her closed eyelashes.
“I don’t see anything. What’s wrong with me?” Kenya said with a sour frown, opening his eyelids.
I shut my eyelashes, smiling in the darkness of the tiny room.
“Kenya, be aware that not everyone possesses the clairvoyance talent.” Lulu said with a nod with her closed eyelashes.
I did not talk about my precognition T-power of teleclairvoyance and as, my T-power was growing both taller, stronger, wider, and sideways. I could see numerous both lovely and deadly Tele images without my human eyeballs, now.
Thus, I did not share my Tele views with friends, ever.
Lulu said with a smile, opening her eyelashes. “If there are not any more visions or images, we’ll rap up for lunch.”
Using my T-power of telekinesis, I performed a Tele jump from the floor, shaking both my legs and arms in the air like a new chicken dance, and executed a Tele lift, leading my grinning face first out the door to lunch.
At 12:06 p.m. inside the dining room underneath a purple sky with scattered green clouds and a pink tinted sun during a hot and humid day of 111ºF, Gigi was correct that the chicken patties did taste like flour paste.
I wished for a miracle that Ming would send my real food from my real farm but that was not today. I pushed my plate aside with the disgusting food and munched on an apple, ignoring an annoying little voice inside my head.
My Tele powers flamed all at the same time during rest time and bath time in the morning, noon, and night. I needed a short vacation from Tele leader Peter, Tele training, and Tele mistress Lulu.
I could see future events (Teleclairvoyance) with more clarity from my first day of Tele training, but my personal Tele vibes from my Tele mates were becoming violently unbearable at Tele moments.
Forgive the pun!
I picked up too many emotional feelings of failure, defeat, disappointment, fear, and the fearful d-word, pouring out from both their hearts and their minds on this uncertain Tele mission.
This uncertain Tele mission boldly loomed and hung over their non-Tele skulls both in the air waves and the metaphysical atmosphere, all day, night, and right now this moment.
I scanned a set of worried brows and a set of chewing lips on my Tele mates at lunchtime. I sighed with worry.
Lulu, a practicing Tele for fifty years sensed the same emotions within her mental rim, trying to counter the negativity among the Tele mates with a positive outlook, telling information about their future outer space trip to new planet Vor. However, her vocal outcome did not affect all the people in a happy way. She announced with joy her future visions to the other Tele students at breakfast, lunch, and dinner, warning of the dangerous mission ahead and what they could encounter.
Everyone knew the danger ahead and did not need a crazy old fortune teller to intensify the sensitive issue.
Lulu stood with both her hands in a spread eagle formation on each side of her big earlobes as Starra sounded with a lady sneer. She ignored Starra, saying with a smile to each Tele. “Last night, I saw a brown planet, a blue sky, and a yellow sun…”
I did not know what possessed me maybe a demon or an angel or an alien, but I could not take her vivid colorful future predictions anymore. I stood, shouting with a lady sneer. “Shut up, Lulu. We didn’t want to hear anymore of your Tele views. We all see the dang images.” I turned to see each Tele mate, who was sitting around my table. The faces shockingly stared back at me without an eye blink or a lip spit. I exhaled with a puff of frustration and slammed both my fists on the table surface. I turned and left the room, cursing down the hallway. I sighed with rage.
“What’s Pamy’s problem?” Cervantes chuckled and chewed.
“Stress,” Gigi said with a sour frown, looking to the archway, holding her fork of food near her mouth. “Martin criticizes her abilities all the time in every Tele practice. I don’t understand his reason for abusing Starbelt.”
Lulu smashed her lips with the food. “Starra possesses raw talent but lacks commitment. Dr. Martin needs a team player and not a renegade.” She finished the third chicken patty.
“Some of us appear less committed than others. Why pick on Starbelt?” Kenya said with worried brow, looking to an empty hallway too.
“Starra Starbelt has the most important job of the Tele mission determining if earthlings can survive on Vor’s world.” Saudi placed his fork across his plate, readying for a verbal debate.
“Pamy is a farmer. How’s that the most important job of the mission?” Cervantes exhaled with a puff of annoyance, slapping his chest. “The team needs the pilots to fly ya to Vor and back to Earth, safe and sound.” He said with a nod and a grunt and ate the fourth chicken patty. Cervantes was not relinquishing his personal grudge against Starra Starbelt from his first day of Tele orientation.
Saudi said. “There are three rules for survival clean air, clean water, and clean food. How long do you think it will take before the processed food packs run out? This is not a quiz, ladies and gentlemen. The answer is nine months, three days, seven hours, thirty-nine minutes, four seconds, and twenty-six milliseconds that means earthlings must have an agricultural process in place to grow food and feed millions of people and thousands of animals. Or bum, bum, bum, bum, we perish. Earthlings will perish. Only a farmer from Earth can properly perform that function, the farmer is Starra Starbelt.”
Several days later…


Day 17 of Tele Training


08:08 a.m.
Eating room at dinnertime
Red sky and golden clouds with purple sun
Cool and sunny at 76ºF


I saw the yellow runny eggs on my plate, impatiently waiting for my weekly evaluation and hopeful assignment of a new job. My Tele senses sounded with a ping. Forget it, babe!
So, I would be moving all the space gear into the space ship until the end of time, well, until the end of this mission.
“How are you feeling, Starra?” Saudi said with a worried brow.
“Great! No complains.” I looked down at my plate, killing the runny eggs with the fork. My Tele practice left me mentally exhausted. My farm report left me emotionally homesick. I wanted and wished and prayed for this stupid mission to Vor to end soonest, so I could go back home to Starbelt Plantation. I sighed with depression.
“I’m beginning to believe Dr. Martin’s theory about backlash. I need more food to endure the day’s activities of intense Tele training.” Lulu crammed with her ugly social manners a sixth buttered biscuit into an open vessel, chewing the food between the front teeth with her parted lips.
I gagged and turned to see the wall, searching for that nasty brown colored cockroach.
“I feel grumpy.” Kenya stabbed a fork into the meat. “I’m sensitive about every little subject matter.” He chewed the food, staring at the wall.
“You need more rest.” Saudi said with a nod, turning to see each Tele. “I have observed that backlash affects each one of us differently. Starra seems the least altered by her growing Tele powers. She can levitate a train, while Lulu strains to lift a bike. Dr. Martin insists on pressuring each of us in practicing at our maximum Tele limit for the success of this mission. I advise caution to each one of you. We are entering the critical stages of our Tele training. You must practice, rest, and mediate to tone your Tele skills for the more difficult exercises ahead. I also recommend at least six full hours of sleep or a non-stressful rest time for your physical body. If you are feeling less than you usual hundred percent self, please see me for an examination.”
“Unaltered?” Cervantes laughed and pointed to Starra. “Everyone, take a look at her hair. Starra arrived for training with black hair color. Ya telling me? Starra is the least altered of ya’ll folks. Her powers have changed her into a gray headed old woman, who looks like my elderly grandmother in South America.” He laughed again, chewing. I rolled my eyeballs and sucked down some of the runny eggs.
Saudi said. “As I have stated before, backlash affects each one of us differently.” He looked down to his breakfast meal.
Cervantes chuckled and cut his eyeballs to Starra, studying her prevailing feature of shimmering silver locks of gray hair, covering almost hundred percent of her skull as a teenager of seventeen years old. The nasty rude male debated a fine point where the Tele powers were changing Starra foreverly. Every pair of eyeballs could see the change within her long wavy hair as Starra could not shake off the bad feelings within her bones about our Tele mission, permanently coming.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Gigi softly said with a nod to each Tele. “At first, I thought the mission was going to be simple. However, I’m beginning to realize that this is a very dangerous undertaking for us, all of us.”
I shook my bangs in my eyeballs, thinking that Gigi just now figured that out.
“Starbelt, you’re next?” Huntress stood in the archway of the office with a smirk and a yell.
I stood and trotted into the office of Peter. I sighed with anguish.
Several days later…


Day 22 of Tele Training


02:26 p.m.
Outdoors dirt field setting
Orange sky and pink clouds with yellow sun
Humid and sunny at 133ºF


I said. “No turning back now!” I sweated over my parted lips from the dang heat of over hundred degrees, since the next critical stage of Tele training comes with an outdoor adventure.
All the alien academic classes had ended and the indoor Tele training had ceased, as well.
I stand on the dry soil underneath a red colored cloth tarp inside the court yard of the biosphere and stared at an ancient beaten and bent space shuttle orbiter which was used in the last century, before my birth.
The shuttle was 122 feet and three inches in vertical length, 78 feet and two inches in horizontal wing span times two, since there were two wings attached to each side of the shuttle. It was shaped like a tunnel at 28.5 feet and zero inches in vertical height, and it could liftoff with a weight of 4,470,000 million pounds and whatever ounces. And it sat on its belly button underneath the red colored cloth tarp too. For the Earth history buffs, the space shuttle could fly at a maximum velocity of 17,500 miles per hour.
“Yeehaw!” I raised my arms and rebel yelled for my fun, laughing.
The team of Teles stood upright and surrounded the outer space orbiter like an ant attack. Peter leaned his tallness down over the curved lip on the twenty-seven feet, nine inched tall tower platform whispering his commands without a communication devise, since all the Teles possessed super sensitive hearing. I sighed with amusement.
“Hush up, Starra!” Lulu turned with a sour frown to see Starra.
Peter whispered and as each word invaded the minds of each Tele “...lift the space shuttle 350 feet into the air…”
“A whole number,” I said with a giggle.
“Hush up, Starra!” Lulu turned with a sour frown to see Starra.
“...without dropping it on the dirt ground. We will coordinate on my mark of three. One, two, three,” he whispered.
The dull white colored shuttle both lifted and loped in a sideways pose.
I laughed with amusement, seeing a gigantic sideways machine, hovering in the air like magic. But my reaction was more from the stress, the pressure, and the distress of training eighteen hours per day and seven days per week for the past three weeks.
The irony was of a critical situation with the combined talents of Teles and the high hopes of the uncertain Tele mission to travel to the planet Vor which was located in another universe.
I mused at my successful performance. Using my T-power of telekinesis, I performed a Tele lift over 350 feet, standing at the rear of the ship in front of the heavy engines.
I learned from Captain Jim during my substitution Tele assignment of loading 6,000 plus pieces of gear into the cargo bag that this was only a mock up shuttle for Tele practice, in case we damaged the outer haul or a piece of a wing of the original space shuttle.
However, this model did contain the same original metal, wires, and instruments which caused the disproportionate share of weight between the stern and the bow as the novice Tele uses practiced their raw talent.
I was tempted to send Peter a mental thought about the small problem but retracted it mentally. He was a smart man without my mending into his mind for my fun. I exhaled with a puff of boredom, holding my end of the ship in the air.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I closed my eyelashes, seeing an ugly distorted face of Lulu, who was using her Tele mind probe on my open and happy neurons. I exhaled with a huff of annoyance, slapping a Tele bubble over my gray matter. The price for hanging around with other gifted Telepaths, since they were always probing and searching for things that they could not control. I turned to see her nose profile, whispering with my Tele voice. “What, Lulu? Don’t ya find this pic entertainingly amusingly too?”
Lulu opened her eyelashes, turning her sour frown to see Starra and did not whisper but yelled. “We have a job to do, Starra. I would suggest more restraint in your behavior.” She exhaled with a huff of annoyance, turning and staring at the shuttle, closing her eyelashes again.
I almost flipped a universal telepathic image to her open mind, but I decided to both refrain and restrain my teen behavior once again for some reason. I quickly pulled my Tele shield over my body and my brain, avoiding any further probing peeking predators.
Peter performed a Tele jump from the tower and a Tele float down to the dirt, using his T-power of telekinesis, whispering with a nod, since all the Teles possessed super sensitive hearing. “This is a good start, people. I want you to release your Tele hold on the shuttle. Kenya move, over here.” He pointed down to the dirt in front of his boots, and as the shuttle quietly landed on the dirt with a thud. Peter walked around the circle and readjusted the standing positions of the various Tele mates to compensate for the weight differential.
I moved and stood at the nose of the white monster which was on the opposite end from Lulu.
He whispered with a nod into the Tele eardrums. “We are going to keep practicing until we get it absolutely and positively and perfectly right on my vocal call. We will begin again. One. Two. Three. Lift.” Peter stood behind Lulu, crossing his arms.
The shuttled lifted and leveled with a slight dip on one side. I sighed with toil.
Several days later…


Day 26 of Tele Training


01:33 p.m.
Tele Building One location
Gymnasium setting with an outer space suit
Black sky with green clouds and blue sun plus purple rain
Humid and wet at 119ºF


I was lonely, isolated, and scare with no fresh air breeze, standing inside the floor of the enclosed building of the gymnasium. My white and black colored hair brushed against my waist. I felt no intense warm sun on my freckles, wearing the United Earth government issued astronaut spaceman suit and helmet. It was straining my muscles, my veins, my tissues, and my organs over my five feet and one inched body frame.
“You can scream. But no one hears ya in space unless you turn on your headset.” Jim chuckled into his transmitter. He was instructing to the Teles the proper guideline of pressure suit instrumentation or do not press that button for permanent death in outer space.
“It’s hot,” an invisible face said via the transmitter with a moan.
“It’s tight,” a second invisible face said via the transmitter with a groan.
“It’s dark,” a third invisible face said via the transmitter with a sneer.
“It’s heavy,” a fourth invisible face said via the transmitter with a growl.
“Headsets are working, perfectly.” Peter chuckled into his transmitter.
Jim said into his transmitter. “A spacesuit weights approximately two hundred eighty-one pounds and eleven ounces on the ground. Of course, it weights zero pounds and zero ounces in a space vacuum. You can stay in the pressure suit for a maximum time limit of five hours, twenty-one minutes, eighteen seconds, and one millisecond. Remember those math numbers, space people. Time is limited by the amount of oxygen, drainage of the solar battery power pack, and the cooling water system which has to be replaced. We are going to test your unit by breathing one hour, five minutes, sixteen seconds, and three milliseconds of pure oxygen before heading to the gravity well tunnel for our spacewalk simulation exercise.”
“O…” an invisible face said via the transmitter with a moan.
“Joy…” a second invisible face said via the transmitter with a groan.
“Dang…” a third invisible face said via the transmitter with a sneer.
“Goody…” a fourth invisible face said via the transmitter with a growl.
“Headsets are working.” Peter chuckled into his transmitter.
Two days later…


Day 28 of Tele Training


09:09 a.m.
Private sleeping chamber setting of Starra
Purple sky with golden clouds and pink sun
Hot and dry at 97ºF


I loved my first day off from Tele practice, not by choice. Peter was away from the office for an emergency meeting with the United Earth Government officials. I spread my body from my hair roots down to my toe bones over the soft sofa, closing my eyelashes, exhaling with a puff of happiness. “Bad news for him, good news for me.” I desired desperately to call Ming about my farm, since the last few face-to-face communication signals had been garbled and unclear with annoying silver tinted rows of static.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I invaded my own neurons and briefly tapped my Tele power of teleclairvoyance (future seeing), which was both a moody and a touchy Tele talent. I performed a Tele view, seeing a scratchy mental image in my mind.


Ming points a finger at miles of white colored cotton fields, talking to a huddle of field hands on Starbelt Plantation.


I disconnected the Tele link and exhaled with a puff of worry. Ming was fine and dandy, because I was hundred percent worried for the both of us. Remembering the single question from Ming coming over my mini-communication globe, since day one of Tele training: When are you returning home, Starra?
I did not have an answer yesterday, and did not have an answer today, so I disregarded the mental thought and flipped my mind to something new.
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, pondering that the Tele training had too many rules and regulations, no access to the global economic reports, and no socializing with non-training Tele personnel. Thus, I concluded a Tele prison for the day.
On top of all of these prison rules, Peter had ordered the food room and fitness room both closed, since there was both a food cabinet and an equipment center inside each Tele suite.
I completed my test…naw…task of moving, storing, and recording all 6,078 pieces of equipment, yesterday, after Cervantes personally inspected my work and then verified my sissy Tele assignment with Tele leader Peter.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I tapped my Tele senses, targeting the space shuttle, searching for Jim, mostly out of boredom with nothing to do. I performed a Tele view, seeing a clear image.


A person crawls around in the cockpit that is not Jim but Cervantes.


I gagged on my mouth spit, de-linked my mental neurons, and thirsted for cold drink.
Peter had annoyed me to practice my Tele skills during off hours too.
I could see with my human eyeballs the refrigerator door, lying on the sofa, and flipped my right hand side to side, using my T-power of telekinesis. I performed a Tele swing, opening the door and a Tele lift and then a Tele soar of the beverage coming from the shelf and through the air. I performed a Tele shut, closing the door with a slap.
The cold bottle of fruit juice floated gracefully to my five finger pads. My magic trick had activated the silent sensitive sensors on the mini communications globe and as it lifted up and hovered next to her nose profile without a Tele levitation trick too. I said, closing my eyelashes. “What do you have to say this morning, slick?”
“That statement does not compute,” the mini communications globe droned.
“I know that fact and you know some secrets. When does Tele Training end?” I sipped the beverage.
“The last Tele training day is scheduled on number forty-five.”
“Today is marked as number twenty-eight. Are there seventeen days left?”
“Affirmative.”
“I can subtract. Do I get another vacation day, before the Tele training is completed?”
“Please restate the question. The term vacation is not computed.”
“Dumb little machine, ain’t you?” I sipped the beverage.
“That statement does not compute.”
“Let me ask something you can answer. When is the space shuttle scheduled for takeoff to the wormhole?”
“The Tele astronaut team and the space shuttle are scheduled to depart, after Tele training is completed on day number forty-seven.”
“Ya forgot the hours, minutes, seconds, milliseconds.” I sipped the beverage.
“Your statement does not compute.”
“Can the departure date been changed?”
“Affirmative. Based on the additional data complied yesterday, the Tele training program has completed. A departure day of number twenty-nine has been temporarily assigned for launch with approval from the United Earth government.”
I jumped from the sofa, spilling the beverage over my body, the sofa, and the globe, standing and staring down at the metal dome. “What?”
“Your statement does not compute.”
I said with a sneer. “Repeat your last statement, tiny trashcan.”
“Launch date set one day, eleven hours, forty minutes, seven seconds and fifty-one milliseconds from now. Does this satisfy your inquiry, Tele Starra?”
“Satisfied does not; mortified is more like it.” I left my suite to tattle to the other Tele mates. I sighed with fright.
Day 29 of the Tele Mission


07:10 a.m.
Auditorium location
Red sky with purple clouds and green sun
Hot and dry at 99ºF


I sat inside the auditorium with the other Teles at seven am in the morning Earth time for a very important announcement on the edge of my chair. A line of unfamiliar people paraded from the entrance doors and parked in the red padded chairs on top of the purple colored stage.
Peter stood on the stage at the podium, saying with a nod and a smile to each Tele. “Tele astronauts, your training is complete. We are at this moment prepping the space shuttle for takeoff to planet Vor at ten sharp. The decision came suddenly, after a surprise volcano burst through the United South American land mass. The molt and lava eruptions coming from a violent and deadly volcano has killed over 975,793 citizens in a nearby biosphere with an additional 823,549 people both homeless and foodless. The United Earth government is sending aid to help the victims. The United Earth government officials also have concluded that planet Earth is coming to the end of her reign as protector for her precious residents, earthlings. Time to find a new home, ya’ll!”
I turned my sour frown to see Huntress, becoming a professional friend, since day one at the Dall-Tex military biosphere. Huntress still exhibited an aggressive and tough personality. And I respected her cunning, clever and hard-nosed approach to Tele training, since the key of life was survival for her, for me, for the team, and for the earthlings. I set aside my dreams of returning back home to Starbelt Plantation and concentrated on the new assignment mission to planet Vor. I sighed with anticipation.
“I am Ken Freeman, President of the United Earth Government. I want to extend my salutations and thanks for your hard work and your great sacrifice. Your deeds will not go unnoticed or unrewarded. Good luck!” Ken said with a nod and a grin, moving and leaving the room.
President of Earth or the President of the Galaxy talked like an ancient politician with the ancient American words of sacrifice, reward, and recognition. Ken was betting with a risky card hand on our lives to safely fly to Vor and safely return back to planet Earth, delivering the good news about a new home for earthlings. I sighed with doubt.
Jim stood among the Teles, yelling with a nod, waving both his arms. “We have lots of work to do before takeoff. First, your space suits are to be loaded with full gear and the gadgets checked and double checked in the space shuttle’s maintenance hatch. We’ll be departing in two hours and forty-five minutes, so we have plenty of time to perform a final test on the pressure suits…”


I mentally back flashed into three weeks, seven days, three hours, ten minutes, sixteen seconds and three milliseconds, when I had started packing, loading, storing, and recording 6,078 pieces of equipment which included a tub, a container, a jar, and a cup into the cargo hold of the Earth shuttle.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present, my Tele skills were toned and honed. My Tele training was done. My Tele launch date was here at ten o’clock in the morning. I sighed with alien.
Now, I would travel to cold and black outer space, leaving my home, my plantation, my overseer, and my family, traversing a strange journey, hoping my gut intuition was dead wrong.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
Well, I was a trained Tele astronaut anyways, flying a beaten and battered old star ship from planet Earth to the Milky Way Galaxy through a new wormhole in another galaxy, on another planet which possibly a new home for earthlings. I sighed with worry.
At 09:57 a.m. inside the space shuttle interior underneath a mint green sky with scattered aqua colored clouds and a lavender sun during a hot and humid day at 92ºF, the Tele mission was now. I sighed with dread.
Inside the cabin of the ancient space shuttle, Peter sat in the front row, alone, on top of a single torn, stained, and faded black colored leather buckle chair from an ancient automobile interior. He was webbed in the chair with two sets of safety belts going across his chest. One set was decorated in red color; the other was the original black colored shoulder and waist belts of the ancient automobile chair. He faced the Tele team and wore his dull white colored space suit and opened space helmet visor, exposing his grin, looking like a real space man.
The ancient space shuttle had been ripped of all unnecessary heavy metal pieces and equipment items, including the old fashioned gigantic astronaut chairs.
I sat in the last row, alone, on top of a single torn, stained, and faded green colored bucket chair from an ancient automobile interior too. My Tele astronaut space suit was covered with two green colored safety belts and yellow colored belts.
After Tele trying, testing, and training, Peter and Starra were equal in their telekinesis lift of the space shuttle and were also equaled paired with the other Tele talent combined. So Peter and Starra were seated on one of side of the cabin wall and the rest of the rest of the Teles sat on the opposite side of Starra and Peter to balance an airborne and engineless ancient space shuttle.
Each Tele was seated in an ancient automobile bucket chair with two different colored safety belts, wearing their dull colored spaceman suit and space helmet, looking through the tiny glass window at the flat brown soil of the Dallas-Tex biosphere, where the space shuttle sat.
Kenya sat at the head of the column in front of Tele Gigi, wearing an orange colored bucket chair with orange and red colored safety belts crisscrossed around his shoulders, his waist, and his legs. Gigi was in front of Saudi in a yellow colored bucket chair, and she had two sets of yellow and brown colored safety belts over her spaceman suit.
Saudi sat in a blue colored bucket chair, wearing a set of gray and blue safety belts which were webbed around his spaceman suit, sitting ahead of Huntress.
Huntress sat in a bucket chair of red and white checkered colors and as, her spaceman suit was webbed red, white, and blue safety belts for the outer space flight.
And Lulu was last in the column row, sitting in a silver tinted bucket chair with silver tinted and pink colored safety belts over her spaceman suit, posing diagonally across from Starra.
Peter said with a smile, not being to nod the heavy spaceman helmet. “This is it, people. I will make my bon voyage speech short and sweet. Good hunting and good luck to us all. Double check all your ancient automobile safety belts for security. Deactivate your head gear from any type of vocal speech. Clear your Tele minds of both debris and clutter. And slap down and lock on your visor on the spaceman helmet.” He slapped the visor over his grin.
The Tele team had practiced and drilled for the past thirteen days, nine hours, fifty minutes, and three seconds.
Peter connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to each Tele astronaut: Liftoff.
Seven earthlings, accessing their individual T-power of telekinesis, performed a Tele lift, raising tons of dead weight metal from the red colored clay in the air and as, the shuttle slammed and broke through the glass rooftop panel in the dome, where it had safely been nestled away from the people, the predators, and the poisons.
Peter connected, linked, and then Tele talked to each astronaut: Up. Up. We cleared the dome. Go. Go. High. Higher. Get to the proper angle for flight. High. Higher. Highest.
The shuttle rose higher moving away from the military dome, climbing through the aqua colored clouds, drifting in the funky heated rays of the lavender colored sunlight and as, its nose cone angled to black and cold outer space and millions of twinkling white colored stars.
Peter connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to each astronaut: We got a proper angle. Forward. Forward. Fast. Faster. Fastest. Go. Go. Get far away from Earth and the moon…
The shuttle launched at a 180-degree angle in the mint green colored sky moving away from the dome, the black colored Earth, and the lavender colored sun at a velocity speed of 16,213 miles per hour under the Tele power of telekinesis from seven earthlings.
“A perfect day for flying.” I whispered for my eardrums in my enclosed spaceman helmet, dancing my fanny around in my assigned bucket chair, hearing only my breathing, and concentrated on our flight path to the round ring of blue and yellow colored fire.
Peter connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to each astronaut: Forward. Forward. Faster. Faster. Get off of Earth and the moon.
The shuttle broke free from the atmosphere of Earth and the gravity pull of the moon, moving deeper in black and cold outer space at a velocity of 42,587 miles per hour under the T-power of telekinesis from seven earthlings.
Peter connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to each astronaut: We cleared the planet and moon. Forward. Faster. Forward. Faster. Go. Go to the wormhole. Faster.
This was a very significant event in the history of planet Earth, the first intergalactic flight of earthlings beyond the moon. I watched outside my tiny cold window the ghostly figures of space, time, and matter. I sighed with pride.
Every Tele was very quiet or in prayer, after the space shuttle launch.
I could not read any one single human or alien emotion being too excited, nervous, happy, apprehensive, scared, thrilled, all at the same time, whispering my own silent prayer for our save departure trip and safer return trip back home to Starbelt Plantation.
Peter connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to each astronaut: Faster. Faster. Faster. Forward. Forward. Forward. Fly. Fly. Fly through the Milky Way Galaxy.
From my assigned bucket chair, my tiny side window of four inches in length, by five inches in width displayed each planet and its planetary features with awe, I stared at the red colored dirt of planet Mars, then the beautiful colored rings of planet Saturn, and then the twelve white colored moons of planet Jupiter. I quickly counted the twin planets of Neptune and Uranus, and finally the Pluto Ice Belt.
The combined T-power of telekinesis from the seven Teles performed a Tele flight at a velocity of 85,759 miles per hour sailing through outer space in a dead space shuttle ship.
Peter connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to each astronaut: Slow. Slow down. Slow. Slower. Slowest. Almost there to the wormhole.
I felt the ship speed slow and pace at a velocity of 7,045 miles per hour under the T-power of telekinesis, slowing moving to the entrance point of the wormhole mouth, making the Tele ride clock at fifty-one minutes and twenty-one seconds.
We were eight minutes and thirty-nine seconds ahead of schedule.
Peter connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to each astronaut: Stop. Halt. Hold. Getting data from the pilot. Wait. Watch. Stay calm. Breath in. Breath out.
Using my Tele power of telepathy, I felt an array of happy emotions from my fellow Tele mates, since Tele leader Peter was the only astronaut allowed to communicate vocally through the headset with Jim in the cockpit. I sighed with feat.
The shuttle floated in silence in dark cold starry space.
In the cabin, my oxygen breathing apparatus sounded with a hiss, ringing between my eardrums. The official outer space protocol dictated by Peter required everyone to wear the heavy spaceman suit and helmet with a constant flow of pure oxygen, alerting and readying the Tele astronauts for any unexpected death…naw…emergency.
Pilot Jim communicated via his headset to Tele leader Peter all the relative information including the distance and the velocity of the shuttle, breaking the atmosphere of Earth, guiding passed the solar system planets, flying through empty and cold space, moving to the new wormhole vortex, and finally preparing to see a new planet, in a new galaxy.
In the cockpit, Jim positioned the shuttle at mouth of wormhole and double checked the vector point, and watched the timing of opening and as, the portable computer screen counted backwards down from thirteen minutes and seven seconds, before another complete closure of the wormhole ring. Jim could see a peek-a-boo of vivid colors within his naked eyeballs, definitely showing a brown colored planet, a blue colored sky, and a yellow colored sun on the other exit side of the open wormhole like his ancient world history book pictures of an ancient Earth. He whispered with a smile. “Alien…”
Inside the cabin, I sweated inside the two hundred eighty-one pounds plus nine ounces spaceman suit, twisting the oxygen dial to the next higher setting, letting the cool air blow over my wet freckles.
My Tele senses pinged from my hair roots down to my toe bones. Everything ain’t fine.
Relax. Relax. Breathe in, one, two, and three. Breathe out, one, two, and three. Peter connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to each astronaut.
I hated the breathing exercises, feeling the urge to puke up green colored vomit in my spaceman helmet, twisting the oxygen gauge to the highest setting, and felt cold air on my warm freckles. I sighed with relief.
This is it, Teles. Move forward slow…slower…slowest in the wormhole. Peter connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to each astronaut.
Using the accumulated Tele power of telekinesis, the Tele team performed a Tele shove on the nose cone into the mouth of the wormhole, executing a smooth fluid move. I sighed with pride.
The Teles accessed and used their combined T-power of telekinesis and performed a Tele push on the shuttle in the wormhole vortex, and the seven earthlings and the Earth space shuttle was completed sucked into the wormhole, a gateway to another galaxy for first time in history of planet Earth. I sighed with anticipation.
The entrance mouth of the wormhole closed with a slurp, but the exit point of the wormhole was open, glistening with an array of pretty vivid colors.
In the cockpit, each mechanic wind and heat pressure dial beautifully exploded the glass plating with a ting and showed a red colored line gauge at 1,000 miles per hour invisible super nasty hurricane winds, and 6,000 degrees Fahrenheit of blue colored heat and white colored misty stream.
I saw, felt, heard, and tasted through my four T-powers of telekinesis, teleclairvoyance, telepathy, and telemetabolics the searing heated wind vapors which viciously attacked the beaten and worn external outer skin of the shuttle in my assigned bucket chair. I sighed with sweat.
Peter connected, linked, and then Tele talked to each astronaut: Forward. Forward. Forward. Fast. Fast. Faster. Fastest. Get out. Out. Go. Go. Go... 
Yesterday, the research scientists hypothesized that the length of wormhole was measured at a half-a-mile in math distance. Today, they guessed wrong. The first computerized marker sounded with a ping on the cockpit console measuring the exact same half-a-mile distance for the shuttle, where the wormhole had gobbled up the entire shuttle.
The seven earthlings and the Earth shuttle hung in both space and time in the tummy of the wormhole at the mercy of its evil invitation and its bad intentions and as, the Teles did not see the blue colored heat and white colored misty stream surround and attack the shuttle.
Using my T-power of telepathy, I performed a Tele view seeing the blue colored heat swirl around the nose cone of the shuttle and white colored mist licked the outer skin of the metal, exhaling with a puff of panic, and a huff of fear. I de-linked my Tele view, breathing in and out, in and out, not calming my jumbled nerves.
Peter connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to each astronaut: Forward. Forward. Push the shuttle forward out of the wormhole. Faster. Faster. Faster. Faster. Go. Go. Go...
The internal bulkheads sounded with a moan from the intense air pressure and gas heat outside the cabin, melting the delicate metal connectors throughout the shuttle. The 1,000 miles per hour hurricane winds sounded with a howl and murdered the exterior outer skin with multiple slams. The blue colored heat sliced through the exterior side panels of the shuttle, sounding with a hiss.
Yeah, the shuttle was stuck inside the wormhole tunnel, permanently.
I immediately panicked with flight and fear and fright within my nerve ends and as, my logical mind calmed my active neurons to think, ponder, and process all the available data. I activated my vocal headset, which was against Tele protocol, calling into the cockpit. I yelled with a stern face. “Jim, steer closer to the wall, there’s less resistance.”
My theory, using all my combined T-powers and the brief Earth science report from our Tele training, the natural components of both wind and heat in the wormhole was drifting in a set of invisible pockets of stream, some heavy and some light.
Jim had guided the shuttle in the middle of wormhole following the official standard outer space ship protocol, avoiding a collision with the heated walls. The wind pockets were shifting the shuttle back to the wormhole mouth and forward to the wormhole exit and as, the Teles pushed forward with their combined telekinesis energy to the exit point.
Yeah, the shuttle swung back and forth like a toy boat in a bathroom tub filled with water, going and getting nowhere out of the tummy of the wormhole.
Yup, I started a chain reaction with my vocal communication breakdown of silence in the cabin. Next, my other Tele mates mumbled a few vile words and a lot of worried words, feeling scared, fearful, and death.
Fear was an enemy for a Tele which fed the emotion of both doubt and uncertainty in a healthy mind, causing mental errors and human mistakes.
Peter cut off his mental Tele connection and switched to the conventional method of communication via his vocal headset, ordering with a nasty sneer into each eardrum. “Everyone calm down. Everything is fine. Focus. Focus. Forward. Forward. Faster. Faster. We must keep pushing the shuttle forward through the wormhole to the planet using our combined T-power of telekinesis. Do it now…”
“Everything’s not okay here. We’re in danger here. We’re going to die here. The end’s coming here.” Lulu yelled in her headset, making her echo cut through your ear wax.
I turned a hiss to see her, not seeing Lulu with the stupid spaceman helmet on, feeling the same strong sensations too in my nerve ends and my panicked mind, but I was not dead yet, and I was not voicing that for everyone to hear too.
Peter shouted via the headset to each astronaut. “Lulu, shut up!”
I smiled with a giggle in my helmet, even our fearless leader found the old fortune teller annoying now, exhaling with a puff of worry, closing my eyelashes, forcing my T-power of telekinesis energy around the shuttle, performing a Tele shove to the exit point of the wormhole.
The shuttle shifted to the side of the tunnel, compliments of Jim, navigating it closer to the wormhole wall, and the shuttle also slowly pulled forward under the combined telekinesis energy of the seven Teles plus the physical wind currents to the exit point of wormhole.
They were going to make it and live, needing a little peace and quiet at the moment. I sighed with determination.
I unlatched my ancient automobile safety belts and leaped in the air. I controlled my weightless gravity with a Tele sail, accessing my T-power of telekinesis, moving to frightened Lulu, and stabbed her plump arm all the way through the thin worn fabric of her spaceman suit with a tiny needle of tranquilizer potion.
Lulu cursed and screamed for 1.2 seconds, dropping down in her bucket chair, unconscious.
I smiled with an arrogant smirk, standing over her limp body, because I was a smart-hole…naw…a smart girl. I had opened the medical kit stored on the emergency panel, knowing the outlay of the ancient space shuttle from my Tele re-assignment, after I had used my telekinesis to levitate a syringe in my gloved spaceman glove.
The shuttle lunged forward at an incredible speed.
I tumbled sideways to the left and curved my body in a semi-round thingy, slowly rolling forward to the front of the cabin, landing on my fanny, and stared at the cockpit door.
The shuttle swiftly flew in a backward motion.
I slid backwards on my fanny and stopped in the middle of the aisle between the first row of Peter and the cockpit door, feeling happy for both a final halt and a quiet moment.
“Stay there, Starra! Hang on!” Peter said via the headset to each astronaut.
Using both gloved hands and my Tele power of telekinesis, I performed a Tele rip and a Tele capture on one of the bulkhead cords from the side wall and tied it around my waist and the closest anchor handle on the shuttle floor, keeping my body from tossing side to side during the rough ride out of the wormhole.
“Forward. Forward.” Peter said via the headset to each astronaut.
Both the internal right and left bulkheads (walls) unexpectedly blew in front of my eyeballs and exposed all the bucket chairs of the seated Teles. All the astronauts looked and screamed to the naked wall of wormhole and as the bolts broke and sucked in three ancient automobile bucket chairs plus the webbed spaceman suits of the Teles into the wormhole.
Three Teles died in the 6,000 degrees of Fahrenheit heat and as, their screams sounded like a moan to each head gear.
I slapped the volume button off in my headset, closed my eyelashes in fright, griping the cord for dear life, praying for the wild ride to end totally, ya’ll.
The shuttle leaped forward in momentum, continuing a plotted path through the murderous red and blue colored wormhole and as, the shuttle hit the wall and bounced back to the heated steam, then hit the wall and bounced back to heated stream over and over.
I experienced seasickness, accessing my T-power of telemetabolics (healing touch), and pulled and gathered the cabin air in a Tele cloud around my body, so I did not puke up green colored vomit in my air filter system. I sorta calmed my fluttering tummy, opened my eyelashes, accessing my T-power of telepathy, and used a Tele touch on Jim.
Nothing!
I performed a Tele touch on Cervantes.
Nothing!
I performed a Tele touch on the chair of the pilot.
Nothing!
I performed a Tele touch on the chair of the copilot.
Nothing!
No pilot. No landing. No hope.
I looked to the floor, the bucket chairs, the three scared Teles, and the ceiling.
There were not any more side walls.
I pondered a new solution, and saw the answer.
Using my Tele power of telekinesis, I executed a Tele rip and a Tele capture on the emergency hook and line from the forward wall panel into my gloves. Using my T-power of telekinesis, I performed a Tele toss, sending the cable line to the cockpit door handle. Untying my bulkhead cord at my waist, I bomb dropped to the floor, holding my body down with my Telekinesis, slowly dragging over my belly button, with some boot toes help, to the step ladder. My spaceman suit and helmet batted back some of the pieces of sizzling metal and as, I ducked down and swirled sideways to avoid the searing blue colored heat, the whipping hurricane winds, and flying pieces of metal over my skull and my body.
I cringed, seeing that the flying metal debris in the air were parts of the shuttle.
The hook held steady with my weight, pulling my face to the metal ladder, gritting my teeth, and jerked down a yellow colored handle on the door.
The cockpit door opened with a swish.
I did not see Jim and Juan, but I saw the missing glass windshield and the millions of pretty white colored twinkling stars in the black colored outer space.
I exhaled with a puff of fear, thinking that I was going to die, and said softly. “I am going to die.” My eyeballs darted around the cockpit, seeing the blood red colored handle between the pilot and copilot chairs. “The second air pressure shield.”
I crawled on my elbows, dragging my belly button over the floor, and lifted my left glove, reaching high up to the stars, literally, ya’ll. I lightly touched the smooth metal and jerked the snot of the handle. A secondary air pressure shield landed with a plop over the naked window frame, latching and locking into place with a new glass window. The fake Earth gravity returned to the cockpit.
I scratched with my fingers of blood, bit my tongue with blood, and climbed with my toe boots in the pilot, without fear of being sucked out and in the wormhole wall. I grabbed and juggled the vertical stick forward, steering to a hard starboard which was the left side, guiding the shuttle away from the heated wall to the exit which was so near and dear to my eyeballs. I saw a brown colored planet, a blue colored sky, and a yellow colored sun like Lulu described during our tender Tele sessions. “That is the most beautiful site in the universe!” I whispered with life.
The shuttle silently emerged from the wormhole in a colorful new galaxy, melting white and silver colored goo off the heated metal down from the blue colored sky and over the brown colored soil.
The internal cockpit alarm sounded with a bong and sung in a musical toot, indicating multiply fires in the cabin, on both wings, and around nose cone of the shuttle.
“Of course,” I exhaled with a puff of annoyance and ignored the noise, the fire, the heat, the pain, and the fear in my eyeballs, my eardrums, my gloved hands, and my lazy boot toes. I concentrated with all my intense mental and physical energy on a perfect drop zone spot of an alien world.
The driving stick was not responding smoothly to my manual hand operations and as, I jiggled it to the right, to the left, and side to side. The mechanic gears broke or melted from the intense 6,000 degrees of Fahrenheit heat of the wormhole.
“Of course,” I exhaled with a puff of worry and decided to save my body the other way, using my awesome T-powers.
I released the driving stick, wiggled my fanny deeper in the leather seat, and crossed my arms over my chest.
Relax, ya’ll! I did it for drama.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
Using my T-power of Telekinesis, I gathered with a Tele pull all the invisible wind currents around the burning shuttle. I performed a Tele push, steering the shuttle to a neat clearing on the brown colored planet, guiding the shuttle parallel to the dirt. The treeless path appeared perfect for a crash landing, but not my air speed at 854 miles per hour. I desperately needed to slow the shuttle down or hit the dirt and bounce like a rubber ball both vertically and horizontally.
I opened my eyelashes and stared at the working radar, once I had shot it with a zap of my Tele touch using my dirty glove. I saw a range of skyline-like mountains and brilliantly thought of a quick solution.
Using my Tele power of telekinesis, I performed a Tele slap with the left shuttle wing directly into the hard mountain side, slowing my moving inertia, sorta. Since the shuttle flight soared at a scary 10,064 feet above the brown soil and tan colored rocks like an eagle in beautiful flight.
I gathered the invisible wind currents again with a Tele pull surrounding the nose and both pairs of wings of the shuttle, trying to stabilize my flight in a horizontal path, before I applied a Tele impact into the mountain side again.
I panicked with death of that dangerous thought and calmed my nervous neurons with my only chance for survival.
“Do it!” I performed a Tele slam with the left wing tip into the hard dry rock formation again. Big chunks and tiny pieces of shuttle metal whined like babies and screamed like cats, peeling off to the left, to the right, above the wing, below the belly, and behind my fanny.
The shuttle moved forward into the mountainside, cruising above the soil.
I applied a Tele balance on the frame of the shuttle while keeping the other wing parallel to the ground, sorta. Little by little, I performed a Tele plow directly down into the soft dirt and the rough sheet of solid rocks on the mountain side, disintegrating the left wing into nothingness.
“Working!” I shouted out loud with approval.
The shuttle decreased its velocity rapidly. 100 mph. 80 mph. 60 mph. 40 mph. 20 mph. 15 mph. 10 mph. 5 mph. 1 mph. And at zero miles per hour, the shuttle hit a grove of trees with a loud swish, veering towards the right, and landed on its belly with a loud boom, sliding over the dirt with a louder whoosh, and finally halted in stillness of quiet.
I burped out loud and continued to sit numbingly inside my non-assigned pilot seat and blinded purposefully with my eyelashes closed, not moving, not thinking, and not praying and I was alive. I gagged, coughed, and exhaled with a puff of delightfulness.
I unbelted my spaceman torso piece and popped off my spaceman helmet feeling something wet, cold and sticky on my neck. I turned and eyeballed no headrest on my pilot chair. Both the cold metal and the ugly fabric had both been injured and decapitated from the pilot headrest, scratching my blood and my tissue off my neck.
My injury was minor.
However, my long waist length hair was gone and chopped off at the nape. I sighed with life.
I whispered, “A small price for survival.” I stood, swung, and slapped the cockpit door open, scanning with my eyeballs and my neurons, seeing no inner cabin, no Tele folks only a burnt, black colored empty shell. So, I was alone. I sighed with sadness.
I slowly moved over the black and burnt floor of the grounded shuttle kicking a set of smoking and heated debris piece away from my pair of spaceman boots using my T-power of telekinesis. I performed a Tele leap over the missing sections of the floor space and executed a Tele jump towards the broken part in the rear end of an ancient Earth space shuttle, seeing darkness.
I raised my spaceman leg up without bending my kneecap accessing my T-power of telekinesis and applied a Tele kick towards the weak and heated metal on the pair of rear closed cargo doors, seeing the door fall backward, hearing a loud thud on the burnt floor.
I stood inside the open archway, wiggling with my fingers with my right hand, accessing my T-power of telekinesis and performed a Tele lift on one of the beaten up terrain vehicles, and applied a Tele land down to the hard dry dirt. I wiggled my fingers with my left hand, using a Tele pull, packing my survival supplies in the rear trunk of the vehicle, bringing two first aid kits, three blankets, sixteen food packs, some of my personal items, and a hand pistol.
I dashed around the broken up shuttle, performing a Tele leap over the burning and sizzling heated metal, executing a Tele land on the ground, stirring up the brown colored dust tornados.
I exhaled with a puff of frustration and looked up to see a burnt and burst pilot cockpit.
I performed a Tele twirl from the ground and back on the burnt cockpit exposed platform, using a Tele touch with my index finger, activating the electronic ground radar. I saw a big structure approximately thirteen miles in a northeast direction from the shuttle and a series of tall mountains on my left. There were rows of dead trees, dead bushes, and dead foliage on my right along a dry narrow vehicle path in the middle of a brown colored planet. I sighed with worry.
I exhaled with a puff of worry, swinging around, using my T-power of telekinesis, and completed a Tele jump off the cockpit, not bending my knees, landing on my spaceman boots and rolling over the dirt.
Using my T-power of telekinesis, I executed a Tele lift, raising my body sideways and upright from the dirt in the air and performed a Tele blast, shooting my body out of the spaceman pants, posing with a Tele hang in the air for one millisecond. I performed a Tele drop and a Tele land on the dirt in my black colored boots, walking to the terrain vehicle, cursing for my eardrums only.
I slid down into the driver seat looking at the ugly pathway of dead plants with my Tele power of telekinesis and then performed a Tele lift up on the terrain vehicle and a Tele steer over the dirt for five miles far away from the burning and smoking shuttle.
I covered my delicate eardrums with both my hands and closed my delicate eyelashes. Accessing my T-power of telemetabolics, I executed a Tele bubble around all of my human body parts.
Using my T-power of telekinesis, I completed a Tele slap on the remote control which activated the operational self-destruct button on the pilot console and as, my Tele sight saw and my Tele ears heard the ancient Earth space shuttle prettily blew up with a boom and beautifully exploded a million pieces of ugly garbage with millions of tings.
I folded and curled my body conforming to the seat of the vehicle, resting and pushing the air currents around my terrain vehicle, performing a Tele shove to a tall and ugly brown colored building. I sighed with destruction.
I was truly on my own never, probably, hopefully, maybe seeing my home Starbelt Plantation, on my planet Earth, in my galaxy the Milky Way again. I could survive in the new and unknown universe. My goal was to keep my secret hidden and away from the other folks, who were the real natives of this world and this galaxy, since I was the alien here. I sighed with alien.
The inhabitants of this galaxy could be friendly or hostile. Now, I was one of them and would prosper or perish. I could never forget passionately, emotionally, and mentally my life on Starbelt Plantation and my non-family unit. I would always remember happily and wonderfully my Earth-people and my Earth-events. I could not forget socially and soldierly my brave and dead Tele mates sacrificing everything for my solo live on a brown colored planet, in a colored blue sky, of a yellow colored sun. I sighed with memory.
The last and latest United Earth government news report, before the first earthling intergalactic outer space trip, showed significant increases in the violent weather patterns of volcanoes, earthquakes, blizzards, hurricanes, and toxin poisons on the landscape and the biospheres which contained all remaining life and lives of the earthlings.
Thus, the natural phenomenon was attacking the life forms of humans, plants, and animals on planet Earth, since her protector Mother Nature had given up on the greedy natives and was pizzed, starting all over again soonest.
I was gratefully to be the one lucky earthling to find an alien home, on an alien planet, in an alien galaxy. I looked up to see a yellow colored sun, a baby blue sky and looked down to see the smooth brown soil, blinking my eyelashes with my wet tears, whispering for my eardrums only. “I’m the alien.”


Unknown Universe
Citizens of the unknown universe:


Ann, Lady of Bonita
Bartholomew, Baron of Agri
Bea, Countess of Ice
Dee, Marquise of Resort
Dirk, Lord of Bonita
Dov, Count of Ice
Ivan, General of Militia
Ito, Priest of Bio
Ivy, Baronetess of Agri
Jo, Governess of Uni
Jon, Governor of Uni
Kona, Major of Militia
Lad, Viscount of Tech
Las, Priestess of Bio
Mar, Generalette of Militia
Rann, Prince of Sahara
Rex, King of Commerce
Rita, Queen of Commerce
Rosa, Lady of Bonita
Roy, Marquis of Resort
Starra Starbelt, Alien from Earth
Tok, Marquis of Resort
Ty, Administrator of Sahara
Viv, Princess of Sahara
Zak, Baronet of Agri

Planets of the unknown universe:


Agri, planet of food and livestock or Food World
Bio, planet of medical facilities
Bonita, planet of land
Commerce, planet of Royal family and the Game
Ice, planet of snow and ice
Militia, space station of honor guards, pilots, police
Resort, planet of casinos and entertainment center
Sahara, planet of prisoners or Prison Planet
Tech, planet of technology or Tech World
Uni, planet of school
Wall, a divider between the two solar suns
Bots of the unknown universe:


Abot, agricultural robot
Bbot, biological robot
Cbot, conqueror robot
Dbot, door robot
Ebot, evacuation robot
Fbot, football robot
Gbot, guard robot
Hbot, housekeeping robot
Ibot, inn robot
Jbot, jury robot
Kbot, kitchen robot
Lbot, lady robot
Mbot, messenger robot
Nbot, news robot
Obot, orchestra robot
Pbot, pilot robot
Qbot, etiquette robot
Rbot, repair robot
Sbot, service robot
Tbot, testing robot
Ubot, “U better not run” robot
Vbot, love robot
Xbot, excavation robot
Ybot, yard robot
Zbot, zipper robot
Alien Day One


Unknown universe. Unknown planet. Unknown warehouse
Blue sky with white clouds and yellow sun
Hot temperatures with dry air and mild winds
8th hour (late morning) Earth time


I was gratefully to be the one lucky earthling to find an alien home, on an alien planet, in an alien galaxy. I looked up to see a bright yellow sun, a pretty baby blue sky, and tons of white clouds and looked down to see the smooth brown soil, blinking my eyelashes with my wet tears, saying with a whisper. “I’m the alien.”
I am Starra Starbelt, the current United North American government ecosphere administrator for Starbelt Plantation within the Hunts-Bama district, standing at five feet and one-inch in height or petite body frame weighing in at ninety-five pounds and two ounces, possessing from my hair roots down to…
I possess a triangle shaped face. Two almond shaped eye sockets hold a pair of gray colored pupils, a small pointy nose, two highly protruded cheekbones, and a cliff chin, all are covered in a golden tinted skin tone and is decorated with dark tan colored freckles. I sigh with beauty.
Now, I did not really know who I was.
I turned with my sad pout to see a structure, brown color paint, tall building. I squatted on the brown soil, coming down from my regular shortness of five feet and one inch, carrying ninety-three pounds and thirteen ounces.
Yeah, I had lost some weight, after quickly expelling fright, fear, and tons of farts, coming from my breakfast meal, this morning. I did not enjoy that death defying scary ride, inside that ancient old non-functioning Earth ship, for that stupid first ever outer spacey freaking trip for a bunch of greedy earthlings, who trashed their only planet in the Milky Way Galaxy, to boot.
“Dang,” I whispered to the dead plants, leaves, trees, and bushes. I sighed with expiration, not termination.
My newly sliced off shoulder length gray hair, compliments of a decapitation dangerous devise, tickled both my earlobes upon my triangle shaped face. My human gray eyes observed an eighteen feet in high structure of faded brown paint and ugly dead brown plants that were fossilized on the weathered front porch, too, making my nostrils inhale the rotten wood also.
My human nostrils pleasantly detected no people or animal smells, and my human eardrums heard no rude people voices or scary animal sounds, either. My human brain was encased around my golden tinted skin, surrounding my hard skull and making that suspiciously mental thought: weird-o.
I magically switched to my invisible Tele power of telepathy (mind probe, everywhere, baby).
Using my T-power of telepathy, I performed a Tele view and saw nothing either. I sighed with most caution.
For my next trick, I used my T-power of telekinesis (mind move, everything, baby) and performed a Tele lift on a tiny dead twig from the dry yellow dead soil, flying into the busted window that was near my face. The glass had suffered long cracks shown vertically, horizontally, and diagonally.
Someone had a really good time with the hammer.
Using my Tele power of telekinesis, I performed a Tele shove on the twig through the air and jammed the tip in the widest crack, releasing my Tele grip. The twig quietly fell on the floor that was perfectly recorded by my Tele eardrums.
My Tele hearing of two eardrums heard nothing inside the ancient warehouse building either. I sighed with relief.
I slowly crept forward on my body like a caterpillar over the dry brown dirt as my breasts, my kneecaps, and my elbows slammed against a pathway of pointy naked rocks. I used my cool Tele power of telemetabolics (mind heal, everyone, baby) and slapped a Tele heal on each of my forming bruises for journeying in the building while greatly desiring healthy into filthy, in case, I needed to fight like a brave warrior or flee like a chicken stew.
I slammed my hand on the first step of rotten wood, causing the wood to break and drop down in the dirt. I sighed with care.
I stilled, scanning my eyeballs to the right and then to the left, then up to the clouds, and finally down to the soil for any dangerous critters that were having a good time around the building. I struggled on my fours on my palms and my kneecaps, slowly standing, like a true born earthling. I examined the weather beaten and battered door that lacked a door knob and a lock.
I marched up the step, yelling. “Fire? Fine! Fart…” I slammed the door open with my boot heel as the rotten wood scattered like field mice from a hungry tomcat. I stomped in the open archway, yelling again. “Fire? Fine! Fart…” I paused for prettiness.
I felt nothing and heard nothing together again. I sighed with care.
I pulled the pistol from my belt, jogging around no other individual rooms, but I saw a big square space, jerking my gun in the air and away from no present life forms. I stood in the middle of the room and dubbed it, the museum. I used my Tele power of telekinesis and performed a Tele float on my gun, flying and parking it next to my backpack near the door.
I executed a Tele swirl gracefully spinning around on one boot toe in a circle pas de deux. Yeah, I did ballet with my two pointe shoes. I flung the dead tree twigs, the dirt soil, the fossilized bug guts, and the dry leaves from my jumpsuit and my body. I performed a Tele air bath, using my Tele power of telemetabolics, causing the sweaty particles to stick on the floor, in the walls, on the ceiling, and in the other objects too, but me.
So Tele paranormal cool, baby.
I stopped spinning and sniffed the air, inhaling a clean body.
My silent audience consisted of three lonely ships with three distinctly different sizes, shapes, and purposes. The ships were painted in a solid color of scrubbed silver and a few bleached copper circles. Both dull sets of vertical and horizontal black squiggly markers might be a weapon discharge or three.
Whoa not, darling.
My eyelashes darted to the left and then to the right, double checking the building for a group of invisible folks like ghosts, witches or maybe, vampires. Instead, I saw an empty kitchenette, one bathroom with an exposed toilet and a sink, no stall shower for bathing, an open storage closet with four exposed storage shelves. And there were four corner walls of silver shiny cobwebs minus the live alien spider family and miles of white dust glow over the black cabinets.
“Great, I get to clean the house, first.” I whined like I had stepped both my boot soles in a pile of alien dookie. Actually, I literally did stomp in alien soil when I bailed out from the burning space shuttle, saving my earthling hind.
I sneezed and eliminated some of that alien soil out of my two nose holes.
I tossed my arms, swinging around to the open…naw…busted front door, using my Tele power of telekinesis, and performed a Tele lift, toting the heavy bag in the air as I was too lazy to use my girly earthling muscles.
I moved inside the tiny kitchenette and unpacked the thawing food packages, separating the burnt ones. I placed the non-burnt ones in the working refrigerator. Then I decided to select a lovely entrée of cold beans or the colder beans or the coldest beans. So I selected the cold beans and tarried to the nice black counter top in the open room, moving and dumping a wet sack of beans on the counter as it splattered over the white dust, creating a flying set of real ugly dust bunnies.
“So, a cage of alien animals does live here on the dead brown planet of something.” I said with giggle of silliness, sitting on the stool, placing both elbows on the counter like a bad southern belle. A secret panel sounded with a growl, like a dead earth tiger, near my eardrums. My eyeballs saw a wall that was filled from ceiling to floor with nine separate television screens of communicating interactive images, which were moving their lips, but not vocalizing any sound. I sighed with intrigue. I scooted my fingers around the sack of cold beans and dumped them in my other hand, without possessing a spoon. I stood, waddling to the first television on the bottom row, right side. My bean-stained right hand index finger punched a protruding button. Audio sounded invaded my eardrums. I sat back, ate, and learned.
There were nine inhabited planets in the unknown universe. Since no person or no alien had bothered to reference a proper name of this galaxy on any one of the television screens. The moving silent pictures of humanoids held my same form and shape. Good, I could not change my physical form. Hmm, I didn’t think I could, maybe, using my awesome T-powers. I sighed with adventure.
So, I could blend with ease into the native scene, without an alien face. I sighed with secret.
I laughed, mouth spitting food, saying to the dead plants and dumb television screens. “Little green men exist, somewhere, but not here inside this galaxy.”
The natives of the unknown universe talked in English, like me. English was my only language dialect. I could read, write, and comprehend it, thanking my teacher Maritza. Then I felt a little Earth bound homesick, not being able to chat with Maritza or Ming or the other earthlings.
They, the earthlings, were probably wondering about me too. And I, my new alien self, worried about them also.
I switched off my heart valve, focusing on the new voice in alto. The alto voice said that the new universe held nine planets, rotating on its axles precisely every 20.0 hours that made up a day and night combination in the new unknown galaxy.
I turned to see the bright sunlight through the dirty glass window, wearing a frown of puzzlement. “So the sun is shiny. There’s no rain, but there is a hot and windy weather pattern here. So it must be about late afternoon.” I gasped and giggled, looking up to see the screen. “In the corner of the screen, it displayed the eighth hour, late afternoon.” I stood, tossed both my arms, and splattered the cold beans on the ceiling, saying with a giggle. “I be good. I be great. I be alien. Whatever…”
I sat and licked my food stained hand of cold bean residue, studying each television screen.
The planets were named Agri, Sahara, Commerce, Bio, Resort, Tech, Ice, Uni, and Bonita. The tenth planet was a manned and wo-manned military space station with both fighting weapons and fighting men and women, equal employment, here.
O man and woman.
The new universe was divided, unequally, in two sections by a natural barrier formation, the Wall.
The Wall appeared both vertical and horizontal like a box of grayish-white glittering space rock. It consisted of drifted debris from the exploded asteroids, the melted ice crystals, and the destroyed man-made space junk. The space rock and all the junk electromagnetically attached together and glued to the outer space structure, making the phenomenon both higher and wider than some of the visual planets on the television screen.
“Awesome, strangest type of physics, I have never ever seen in working theory,” I watched the colored screens and listened to the alto non-sexy voice of a female.
Within the Wall, there were three rectangular boxes or holes inside the wall that were remotely controlled by a team of non-breathing robots. Each box shifted every fifty minutes (an hour, here) by opening for a period of precisely 15.0 minutes of time and then closed up. The opposite side of the wall dumped your cool flying space craft in a specific celestial outer space location for a steady transport of both goodies and people, coming to and fro the twin galaxies.
The first galaxy was composed of six planets which were named Commerce, Agri, Bonita, Tech, Uni, Bio, and a Militia space station. The second galaxy consisted of the planets, too, which were named Ice, Resort, Sahara, and a second Militia space station.
Planet Agri was a big ball of green and brown colors and nicknamed the Farm Planet, growing all the food stuffs, producing all raw materials of fabric and shoes, raising a freaking planet of livestock too.
Planet Sahara was kiddie colored in bright orange and was the hottest planet in the second galaxy. It was nicknamed the Prison Planet. All convicted criminals were sentenced to work, until the end of his or her jail term or death, whichever came first. So the universe had no death penalty for any type of dangerous crimes, like a committed cold blooded murder.
“Whoa, babe, there is no reason for me to visit that planet during my stay here, ever, never, forever.” I watched and learned more on the same television monitor.
Planet Sahara also produced millions of valuable earth stones and minerals, such like, gold, silver, copper, platinum, and semi-precious gems, which came from the desert, an orange colored dry sandy soil. The work was labored by the poor prisoners as their prime punishment for their nasty crime, within the universe.
I laughed with a nod. “I find this a deserving punishment for each criminal, who mines thousands and thousands of priceless minerals, not being able to steal them from the boss.”
Planet Commerce housed the ruler King Rex and his daughter Queen Rita, living in a beautiful purple colored castle, posing with numerous silver tinted robot servants too. Commerce was the center of the universe.
“Pfft! And earthlings think they’re the center of the universe. I just blew that big baddie bang theory right out of the Milky Way Galaxy. Too bad, I can’t blab to a live and breathing earthling, either.” I scratched my dirty ponytail, wiping the hair dirt on my blood stained jumpsuit, and gasped. My eyeballs stared at blood on my clothing with intrigue.
Someone died on my jumpsuit.
My eardrums continued to hear the audio on the screens.
Planet Bio was a world of equal colors of dark green high mountains and dark blue ponds of water and was the medical and emergency care hospital for the universe.
Planet Tech or Tech World manufactured all the chemical, electrical, mechanical, and industrial equipment. The equipment items included a long list, but let us just summary really quickly which started with the appliances to the robots to the star ships. The planet was actually colored in pretty tints of silver and gold colors, no greens or blues colored of living beings there.
Planet Ice was covered in whiteness, the coldest planet, where natives wear both soft and warm furs of animal hides and ate the poor baby seals.
Planet Uni was flat land soil, which was colored in red, yellow, blue, green, orange, and pink tones and the skyline was a pretty range of same color scheme in red, yellow, blue, green, orange, and pink tones, too. The planet was the educational institution for students, starting at four years old, who attended and lived there, until graduating at sixteen years old.
“It is an intergalactic boarding school for the kids. Far outta here!” I snorted with a nod, trying to wipe the dried blood from my jumpsuit. Since I am not sixteen years old, and I was not required to go to school, being only seventeen years old. I sighed with teen-ness.
Planet Resort was covered in miles of blue water and one big tan colored landmass that went around the equator, looking super awesome. And there were numerous tiny tan colored landmasses that were dotted around the blue water, looking really neat. The planet advertised a fun time, hopping on your two legs or dancing in your fancy shoes or participating in a nosily people parade. The world showed off the decorated streets and buildings with tons of colorful flowers, floating balloons, and flying paper streamers for a fun-time vacation and numerous par-tee events.
Planet Bonita was the dreary brown mist hovering over the dry yellow soil, right here and right now. It currently displayed a big burnt black spot, ya know, maybe coming from an ancient Earth ship shuttle crash site, ya know, maybe, where an alien had landed, ya’ll.
And I only know the secret location too.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I stood, scanning the empty room with my eyeballs and my neurons, “Very odd!” I currently lacked all information about this stranded…naw…strange world. I pranced to the broken glass window, scanning a baby blue skyline, seeing a blue, yellow, and red colored fiery wormhole ring in the middle of the white clouds. I dropped my eyelashes, scanning the grounds, staring at the dead ground, a mixture of funky brown and yellow dirt.
And I had a good inking (that’s guess) that I was being watched too.
I scanned the outside grounds, a second time and then swung back to the counter.
I exhaled with a puff of nervousness, and whispered it too. “Nerves, just nervousness, that’s all.” I sat in the dusty soft padded chair and sneezed, watching more of the television screens and learning about my new hope…naw…home.
The universe was an oligarchy for nobles and commoners, where a noble title might include a prince, a princess, a duke, a duchess, a count, a countess, a so-so, and another bo-bo, too. The universe was funded by an economic system in the form of money, currs. I sighed with concern.
I nodded with a sour frown. “My problem is here, there, and everywhere in this alien hell hole. How am I to generate currs for food, shelter, and clothes?” Then the sets of television screens repeated the same names of the nine planets, starting the recorded video, again. “The educational tour has ended, folks.”
I stood and back stepped from the counter, moving to the kitchette, opening the refrigerator door. I quickly inventoried my food supply. Food was my first problem. If I starved on day three, then I could eat on days one and two. I sighed with survival.
The second problem was money to eat food. And the third problem was a job to get money to eat food. I giggled with my multiple problems paired with a simple solution, job.
I noted from the resourceful television screens that each planet advertised for paying jobs.
I held two educational degrees in computer science and farming, briefly flicking with the awesome academic title, the grand alien professor on Planet Uni at the galaxy school. I bet that they would not do an intergalactic background check either.
I laughed, shaking my bangs in my eyeballs.
I slammed the refrigerator door, exhaling with a puff of frustration. “How do I prove that I exist here? I don’t possess the following native items. No birth records. No birth parents. No blood relatives. No educational records. And no health records of me. Man, I should’ve gotten an alien ID, before I left planet Earth,” I giggled, thinking about my numerous options to survival as an alien teen, on an alien planet, in an alien galaxy.
I pranced to the star ship, patting the dented silver paint job with my ugly manicured semi-peeling and semi-broken pink painted fingernails.
I pondered my choices.
Option one: I could stay on dying planet Bonita with a negative thousand percent certainty in regard to both good food and good survival.
I was charging the solar cells with the sunrays of the pretty yellow sun in the Earth terrain vehicle with no certain direction to travel. I sighed with danger.
Option two: I could work on planet Agri in the farm fields, like an old dead Earth mule.
I had owned and operated a plantation for my teen years, growing both tall cotton and plump calves with my family and friends, sir noble. I sighed with sadness.
Option three: I could flag down with my pretty smile and my long legs the nearest biggest dangest space shuttle and hitch a ride back home to Earth. I sighed with alien.
I stole the paper book on top of the ship, flipping to page one, studying the smallest star craft and engine system design inside the zipper star ship manual. Yeah, I read. It was very similar in both size and model to an Earth solar car.
I successfully piloted the farm equipment, back home and back yesterday. I sighed with homesickness.
I pressed the air lock button on the zipper, as the horizontal hatch-type door flipped up, barely missing my nose. I had not read that far in the manual. I viewed a nice pretty silver interior. “How hard can this be?” I crouched, folding my body in the soft leather seat, rummaging around the closed interior compartments, finding nothing.
I scanned a dead cockroach…naw…a dead cockpit, displaying the same set of fun toys on any standard spacecraft. I saw a driving stick, an altitude, an alternator, a temperature, a speed, and an added feature of weapon gadgets. “Whoa, the stagecoach! Weapons, now, that’s a scary thought.” I shook my bangs in my eyeballs, patting the leather seat between my legs. “Yeah, I can fly you. But where will I fly you?”
I butt-hole-crawled out of the clean pilot chair and stood, reading the book for a new solution, seeing the solution. “Awe!” Then I crawled back inside the cockpit, again, and punched up the planet Agri on the tiny electronic screen. I fiddled with a wrong button and found a right one. “Navigational code plug is…is….” flipping the page, reading further on page two in the book, “….is 90.08. Prime!” I said with a giggle, wiping my dirty bean-stained hand on the nice leather seat.
I butt-hole-crawled out of the zipper again, swinging and moving to the wall of television screens for more fun, being totally bored, as an alien teen, on an alien planet, in an alien galaxy.
I surfed the television screens, using my T-power of telekinesis, and performed a Tele dial on a single button, which went around and around with my gathered invisible air currents, wasting my time by a new silly entertainment route.
Planet Resort played jazzy music and offered a choice of gambling games or water races. I wickedly played two card games, winning both hands. I chuckled between unpacking the bags of survival gear and selecting what I need and do not need in terms of Earth supplies.
I neatly repacked the crap and placed the crap in the zipper that held two passengers for two seats and my bag which was one piece of luggage per the zipper manual.
A well-fed rosy cheeky male invaded the screen, saying with a smile. “The biggest, bestest, mostest, and grandest event takes place, tomorrow, the Conqueror Tournament. The first 500 guests receive free hotel accommodations, free food, and free tickets to all the amusement parks, if you sign up for the first round of the competition with a small non-refundable nominal fee of 150 currs to cover our registration paperwork.”
I chuckled with a nod. “Food necessary. Currs needed.” I studied both the man and his words.
He wore a shimmering silk shirt of red and blue colors and smiled with a nod. “I, Marquis Roy, guarantee the megaton jackpot of 1,000,000 currs to a single person who is brave enough to test their card skill, humorous wit, and sly cunning against the best gamblers in the universe. To test your talents, play the conqueror game and see your final result. Then, you could be the next Conqueror of the Universe.”
“Conqueror of the Universe?” I whispered to the air waves. The glamorous advertisement had stimulated my intellectual challenge, and I enjoyed playing cards too. And I won most of our friendly card games, beating stone faced Maritza out of the gold jackpot back home on Earth also. The screen turned into a bright red color and showed a set of five black colored cards with white colored numbers or face figures on the television screen. I narrowed my eyelashes and studied the card hand.
Marquis Roy said. “Replace one of your five cards with the above conqueror card. See if you can win the title of Conqueror of the Universe?”
The screen paused for study and as I recognized the conqueror test as a very familiar game.
The card hand exhibited a numerical royal flush with a high card, showing the ugly mug of bald and current ruler of the galaxy, King Rex, and as his face floated across the top of the screen.
I tapped my index finger to the correct card on the screen, dropping the king in the conqueror slot. The red colored single word WINNER flashed over the top of the playing cards.
I giggled with delight. “Poker, the conqueror tournament is a poker game. This advertisement is a very clever and manipulating ploy, Marquis Roy.” I shook my finger and reprimanded card shark Roy.
“Remember? The first 500 guests get free hotel service and free food.” Roy said with a smile and was replaced with a fishing tournament.
I closed and locked the aft (rear) hatch on the zipper, after removing some nasty looking weapons, storing them on the bottom of the exposed storage closet.
I shouted for fun, tossing my arms, twirling my body in a few circles, until dizzy. “Yeah, free stuff! I like free stuff and free fun, before my new non-free job on the farm. Hmm, 150 currs? What does a curr look like?” I skipped to the ship and poked around the three compartments in the zipper, finding nothing.
I butt-hole-crawled back out, swinging and trotting back to black counter. I rummaged inside the first drawer, then the second drawer, and the third one hid a lovely red velveteen pouch. I snatched it from its cubby hole, ripping off the pretty white satin ribbons and as, the bag sounded with a clank of its treasure. I poured several solid objects onto the counter and heard the numerous tings. The golden objects were triangular shaped, very similar in diameter of an Earth nickel and beautifully etched in markings of number denominations which were in the center of the triangle. I saw the number fifty on one triangle, then the number ten on another piece, and the number seventy on a third triangle.
I counted the math numbers swiftly, saying with a smile. “Money! I found currs. Yeah! And the triangles total 3,000 currs, more yeah for me.” I shuffled my naked toes to the zipper, sliding in the seat, resetting the navigational beacon to planet Resort on the other side of the galaxy, after flying through a natural barrier formation called the Wall.
I shouted with a smile to the dead trees. “Conqueror tournament, here I come.” Then I yawned with an ugly mouth pose and stretched my cramped and tight neck muscles side to side, staring at the museum, remembering there was not a room with a bed mattress, a bed frame, and a set of pretty soft bed linens.
I frowned with my new problem.
I could innovate something new for a sleeping cot and as a curtain of darkness invaded the warehouse dirty glass windows. I inspected the zipper which was half-filled with my bag. I shook my dirty curls. “This ship is, too small.”
I side stepped my naked toes to the carrier ship which held six small adults and four large pieces of luggage. I shook my curls. “This ship is still, too small.”
Then, I sidestepped to the next ship. The passenger ship had nasty in mind with the numerous spidery rust-looking cannons pasted on the exterior sides.
Inside the interior cabin, there was comfort for fourteen passengers and twenty-six pieces of luggage. Yeah, I read. And there was a long padded wooden bench on both sides of the wall. Hiding underneath the wooden bench, there were lots of goodies including an ample supply of medical first aid kits, warm blankets, satin pillows, and four small unfamiliar devices.
I pulled out the items and prepped a bedroll of a pillow and a blanket, compliments of the goody bin from the star ship. I plopped my fanny invitingly down on the makeshift bed. I body tested the clean fabric pad, rolling side to side, feeling very springy and supportive to my face, neck, and shoulders. I rolled lengthwise to face the wall. “This is just right.” I whispered, closing my eyelashes.
Alien Day Two


Planet Bonita with brown soil and yellow mist
Museum setting
Blue sky with white clouds and yellow sun
Dry air, hot temperatures and mild winds
7th hour (late morning)


I sat inside the zipper, slammed the door, and waited. My bags were packed. My food was eaten. My fanny was ready. I inhaled three deep breaths in and out, pushing the ignition switch on the zipper, hearing a click. Piloting a ship was not an alien concept, excuse the pun about me.
I grew up, flying the solar equipment that hovered, glided, and soared around the 6,078 acres of my crop farm on planet Earth. There was the government issued solar train also. I personal piloted the solar train, hauling both crops and livestock, traveling at 525 miles per hour inside a wind tunnel straight to the tower controller, which was a one directional flight path from my home to the Bama-Hunts Biosphere.
The thrusters sounded with a rumble on the zipper.
Today, my short flying trip would venture into the dark, black, and cold outer space with lots of unlimited stars, moons, planets, and asteroids for collision or not. I wore one tiny starship around my fragile flesh, my enclosed blood veins, and my breakable bones. I sighed with big dread.
Yesterday, my first attempt at space travel lasted four minutes. I steered, using all my Tele powers, the doomed space shuttle through the wormhole. The real pilots were sucked out from the cockpit to deadly black outer space and died. Then I crash-landed the burning fireball into the mountainside of planet Bonita of the unknown universe. I sighed with bad memory.
I desired seriously and seriously desired not to repeat that arrival scenario, twice.
The warehouse rooftop slowly fanned back, showing a yellow sun, a blue sky, and tons of white clouds, beaming happy sun rays on top of my hair roots. The skyline was clear of rain, thunder, and lightning and as the clouds rooted my victorious upcoming space flight too.
“A perfect day for flying.” I quoted, a second time plus a quickie prayer, a second time, too, pressing the thruster sensor.
My zipper and I slowly floated up between the dirty walls to the dirtier roof tiles.
My zipper cleared the rooftop of the old warehouse.
Sunlight blinded my eyeballs and as, I slammed the tinted space girl helmet in place for cooling my eyelashes, and jerking the driving stick forward.
Note: I had found the helmet under the pilot’s seat.
My zipper shot out of Bonita’s atmosphere. The stars blurred my eyesight and as, the gravity force yanked my delicious breakfast of coldest beans back up my throat again. I burped and bruised both my shoulder blades, at the same time, against the worn and torn back rest of the seat.
Space travel, ya’ll.
I flew to dark and cold outer space and the jazzy and colorful planet Resort, shouting with both fear and zeal. “Yeehaw,” I sighed with joy.
The joy stick locked immediately. The navigational system computed my final trajectory and kicked to light speed travel immediately too. The clock dialed backwards with a countdown 26:00 minutes to planet Resort immediately also. I sighed with immediately excitement.
My first solo Intergalactic space flight was successful.
Okay, ya’ll, my second intergalactic space flight was successful without performing an emergency crash landing, yet. The mists of whirling and twirling stars swirled beautifully in rainbow colors of red, blue, yellow, orange, purple, green, pink, gold, silver and more. My thrill ride lasted six minutes, precisely, without the seconds and milliseconds in hyperspace flight, viewing the continuous mists of colored lights. I sighed with boredom.
I jerked the paper zipper manual from the floor, reviewing the ship protocol steps, reading docking procedures, passenger protocols, cargo protocols, an emergency repair of malfunctioned equipment, performance maintenance list, report stolen ship protocols…
I performed that one successfully, stealing my first star ship as an alien teen.
I studied the engineering specs and the ship owner was named Lady Rosa.
I looked to the see rainbow streaks, whispering with a worried brow. “What’s the penalty for stealing property?”
I recalled, listening to one of the nine television screens, learning to be a good native. There was not any death penalty, only, a guilty prisoner on the Prison Planet of Sahara, which was located on the other side of the Wall.
And I happened to be flying through and toward. I sighed with caution.
So I definitely planned not into transverse that pathway mentally, physically, emotionally, and criminally.
My heart pity-patted swiftly and as my voice whispered more softly, “Very bad! To spend all of my remaining days of life mining a pile of hard diamonds on some unknown planet, in some unknown universe, as an unknown alien. First task, avoid at all costs and pennies the person named Lady Rosa.” I sighed with thievery.
Inside cold and black outer space with minus 1000°F, the bright stars and colored planets twinkled through the window. Then the navigation system slowed.
I jerked awake from my light slumber and wiped the yellow colored crude from both my eye sockets with a right hand and the drooling mouth spittle coming from my lips with a left hand. Then, I spread the sticky drool over the switch, flipping off the hyper drive off. I grabbed the driving stick and jerked back my wet hand, wiping it on my semi-clean jumpsuit. I replaced my new drier right driving fingers over the cool metal again.


Planet Resort: blue water, tan tinted island, tall buildings
Blue sky with white clouds and yellow sun
Cool breeze, moist air and warm temperatures
13th hour (early afternoon)


I enjoyed the wispy patterns of white clouds, dancing over the blue water, sloshing over a single large land mass of tan color. The other vivid colors represented the towns, the villages, and the shoppers of citizens, where the commoners work, and the unknown inhabitants that were both the sea mammals and land wildlife, not me.
I was not referencing my person, as an unknown inhabitant. I sighed with alien.
A sexy male tenor greeted over her communication speaker box in the zipper. “Zipper ship, welcome to Resort home of Marquis Roy and his wife Marquise Dee.” He breathed with a sexy sigh and then instructed. “Please follow the red markers in the ship port and then secure your craft in port number 78.”
I obeyed, smoothly gliding the ship forward and accidentally slid to the left. I said with an annoying frown. “Oops!” I jerked the stick to a hard right to compensate, slowing the velocity of the zipper, sailing between a single oval shaped hole inside a single beige colored square and tall building.
You know a round circle does not fit into a square hole.
I stomped hardy on the hand brake. “Pookie dookie, get out of my way. I’m new, here, non-alien scum.” I followed a steady stream of flying ships into a tall multi-leveled ship port.
My eyeballs found and located port number 78.
The ship port was a tall structure of exposed parking floors about hundred stories high up to the clouds. Each side was devoid of any type of solid glass window or a solid concrete wall or an entrance door or an elevator.
Located on each side of the building, there was an exposed and working glide walkway for riding on your feet from the top level down to the bottom sidewalk.
I followed the line of ships and whipped around and around and around the square building, getting both dizzy and seasick. So I held my breath, not getting seasick and un-dizzy.
I winded around, until I reached the seventh level. Each level held ten great big wide parking spots. The parking spot was located on the edge of the level too close to the air waves.
Some smartie pilots were backing their ships into their parking spots, holding up the line, there, buddy.
I yelled inside my cockpit to the other pilots, who could not hear my voice, “You’re holding up the line, buddy!” I exhaled with a puff of nervousness, not feeling comfortable to perform that slick maneuver. I only got one ship, which I did steal today. And I might need it for my swift escape, soonest, if I was heavily questioned a teen alien, on an alien planet, in an alien universe.
Inside the parking garage, I located the marked number 78, slowing my air speed, bumping the air waves. I roughly tapped the front wheel and bounce up and down, up and down, and up and down. I landed the three wheels on the concrete, without celebrating, but sounded with a sneer with some blowing nose snot, “Pookie dookie! That was hard, not like home. Dang, I think I need driving lessons, to boot.” I giggled, shaking my bangs in my eyeballs, parking the hair strands around my earlobes, a nervous teen habit.
I killed the switch, hearing silence.
I exhaled with a puff of nervousness and a huff of excitement, too, being trapped in the new universe, so I must fix…naw…fit in with the other alien teens, also.
I smashed the door handle, trying to release me and the hatch, hearing a ting.
The hatch did not open.
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, after stealing a lemon zipper ship. Using my T-power of telekinesis, I performed a Tele slam with my body in the hatch, hearing a pop, watching the hatch slowly lift up in the air.
I exited the cockpit.
I stood, jerking the bag from the rear, scratching around inside the shallow bottom of the fabric, searching for a triangle with the math number fifty. I found it and lifted it in the air with a smile. 
The human-like docking inspector held an open palm and pointed his other hand out the ship port, where hundreds of other citizens were exiting their parked space ships and leaving the building.
I approached the inspector not smiling, placing my triangle in his palm, paying the ransom.
He smiled with a nod in silence.
I turned and followed the crowd of citizens, jumping on the gliding walkway, shading my naked eyeballs. I lifted my chin to the sky, seeing tons of white clouds, a baby blue sky, and a yellow sun, and looked down to the land, seeing lots of green trees and grass, black soil, not red and burnt soil, like my home. I amused at the continuous steady skyline and sun and clouds that had not rotated around the color wheel, every hour.
I swung my face, letting my eyeballs absorb all the fun colors of orange, yellow, green, blue, red, pink, purple, and more on the neon signs. The signs advertised fun games, glittery merchandise, big hotels, and good smelling eateries. Next, I encountered happy friendly people and as, they smiled, touched, and laughed with each other, dancing and singing in one of many long marching people-parade lines. I sighed with excitement.
I ran and latched my hands onto the fitted waist on a strangle ugly looking tall male who was the last humanoid in one of the marching people-parade lines.
The people-parade of happy men, women, children, and me marched, danced, and sung off-key to the nearest hotel. 
I noted that each one of the adult and teenage humanoid looked and acted like me too and as they kinda, sorta dressed like me, but they were not wearing a United Earth Government issued jumpsuit clashing with the brown soil on the legs.
However, my outfit represented a common blend of both fabric and style.
I owned two garments a dirty and slightly tore jumpsuit and a set of other clothes: a black colored shirt, a pair of matching shorts, and a pair of the black sneakers. I wore my knee high fashion black boots with the three inched heels and as a series of foot pain attacked each toe bone walking on the hard concrete. I sighed with fashionness.
I left my people-parade and moved to the registration center and registered as an alien.
Gotcha!
I used my real earth-name and my pretend native-planet, enrolling into the conqueror game, paying the 150 currs, and lightly flirted with the nice guy.
The cute male sighed and then smiled with a sexy baritone timber. “You are player 494, table 71, and seat 4. Your hotel room pass will display the location of your suite. The conqueror tournament begins on the fifth hour, mid-evening. Enjoy your stay and good luck, citizen Starra of planet Bonita.”
I sweetly smiled and was accepted in an unknown universe as Starra not earthling Starra or alien Starra. I swung both my body and my bag to the elevator doors, hiking it to level 230 to investigate my private free hotel room.
On the 230th level which is way up there from the soil, ya’ll, in front of my private suite room, I touched the door. “Whoa!”
The door opened.
I had not received a key or a card or a nothing to unlock the metal door. I sighed with very suspicious.
I giggled, snapping my fingers, remembering that my DNA was all over that triangle which I had given…flirted with the cute male at the hotel registration desk. He pressed that triangle to the electronic screen making both of our skin genes mix. I frowned with concern, meaning that my DNA had activated the door that had been assigned for my visitation here.
“Whatever!” I entered the room, looking newly shiny clean, smelling like sea salt.
The door closed and locked.
The hotel was located on the edge of the sea water. Actually, the planet was composed to a great big ocean with one landmass. The landmass housed all the visiting guest hotels and the living residential houses.
“Whoa!” The side closet door slammed open, revealing a surprisingly surprise.
A large cylinder shaped silver thingy, like an old fashioned earth trashcan, floated to the new female guest of the room, like a ghost. It halted and hovered in the air, like a ghost, too. “Hello! I am Housekeeping 3,425 at your service, miss.” The silver cylinder droned and shook its two metal crooked limbs, like a pair of human arms up and down. Then the bot flew its heated metal, too close, to her nose.
I step backed from the metal beast, saying with an annoying frown. “What?” I dropped my personal bag down to the floor.
It swiftly extended one of the metal limbs and retrieved the bag, before it hit the carpet.
I quickly back stepped more carpet from the vicious metal mammal with terror.
A bot was made of a shiny silver metal finish in a cylinder shaped format. It possessed a set of protruding pointy mechanical arms with three metal fingers and not possessing any legs or a metal stand for sitting. There was a rectangular shaped glass colleen (belly) in the middle of the robot. The height of each bot varied from a two-foot short housekeeping robot to a seven-foot tall guarding robot.
Gbots or guarding robots were exclusively used by his royalness King Rex.
I read all that important information in the zipper manual, before I fell asleep from boredom riding in hyper speed to planet Resort. 
It cuddled her bag near its belly, droning in a lifeless machine voice, somewhere between a set of tenor and baritone musical notes. “I am your personal housekeeping robot, during your stay on the beautiful planet of Resort, home of Marquis Roy and Marquise Dee. You can address me as Hbot, which is the shorter designation of Hbot 3,425, if you desire, Pami1.”
“Starra,” I smiled with a nod. Hbot metal pointed at my heart with one of its deadly pointy hand. I step backed from the metal beast to the wall.
“Your official badge on the left side over your heart reads Pami1. Your name is spelled out as P.A.M.I.1. Your name is pronounced as Pami1. Welcome, again, Pami1.” Hbot droned.
I touched the golden threads on my jumpsuit. “This is my nickname. I would like for you to address me officially as Starra,” I whined.
“I am programmed to observe and to record all new datum. The new datum, displaying clearly your name on your official badge, is Pami1.” Hbot droned.
I smiled with a nod. “The math number, which is symbolized by one, means that I am the only one unique…”
“Pami.” Hbot droned way too smartie. She nodded her curls. It flashed a couple of pink and orange lights, updating its electronic database. “Welcome, Pami! May I get you something, maybe, a cold beverage or a tray of dinner or set your bath water into warm or hot?”
I could live with the fake name, because I was a fake native with a true secret. “Prime, I gots a maid and…” talking in my silly southern twang, nodding and smiling with delight.
“That statement does not compute.” It hovered in front of her, flashing a set of alternating red and blue lights, beaming on her nose and up to her eyeballs, and recorded the moment.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I gracefully twirled and faced the window, saying with a worried brow. “You work, sorta like an independent maid service is that correct, Hbot?” I carefully reconstructed my stupid Earth sentence, swinging around with a fake smile.
“What language dialect is your terminology carried from, Pami?” It hovered in place, producing a set of new lights that glowed in green and yellow colors, bombarding her nose profile, and recorded the moment, again.
I said with a nervous giggle, crossing my arms. “It is called Southern like in the south region on Bonita.”
“I cannot confirm, within my database, that you are from planet Bonita. However, I will update that you originate from the region of southern Bonita, Pami.” Hbot produced a soft musical ping in its metal cylinder body.
I was really from the southern region of planet Earth, because I was an Earth alien. “You do that, Hbot.” I exhaled with a puff of non-worry and turned to the soft bed, laying in both my dirty jumpsuit and my dirtier body on top of the clean blue and bluer colored stripped bed comforter plus my dirty boots. I closed my eyelashes, placing both my dirty hands over the rear of my dirty skull.
“Do you require the removal of your shoes, Pami?”
“Naw!”
“Naw! Naw!” Hbot copied her pretty music in musical bass flute. “Naw? What specifically is a naw, Pami?”
“Southern.” I giggled, not shifting from my comfortable position on my new hotel bed.
“I will record that unique sound for my database, too, coming from the southern region of Bonita, Pami. You are a very strange citizen, Pami.”
“Naw!” I giggled again.
“Do you require a private comlen for talking with family members on Bonita while you wait for your food, Pami?” Hbot flew closer to her bed mattress, staring down with its two robot silver teacup-like eyeballs at her.
I opened my right eyelash, noting the trashcan’s intention.
Hmm, the robot knew too much about me, now. These computers were super faster here. I must be very careful and cautious around these friendly and knowledgeable flying robots and the more mysterious citizens.
For the time being, I would learn about planet Resort and their advanced culture. Once I was safely placed on planet Agri, as a working farmer, I would not bother anyone here, ever again.
“What’s a comlen?” I propped onto both elbows and turned my eyeballs to see Hbot.
Hbot pointed both metal flexing arms with a set of three thick metal fingers to the rectangular shaped box built inside its square belly. The glass screen burned with numerous vivid lines of rainbow colors and displayed in red colored and capital letters: COMLEN.
This was another new term that represented a communications devise to talk to citizens by voice and view citizens and places by eyesight. “Is this how I communication with folks…”
“What is a ‘folks’, Pami?” Hbot droned, being really too smart for a trashcan.
I swung a face to the wall, looking for that creepy cockroach. “Folks is a term used in southern Bonita that represents…uh…citizens.” I turned with a sweet grin to see Hbot.
Hbot flashed more green and yellow colored bright bulbs in her face and recorded the new moment.
I asked. “What’s a comlen, Hbot?”
Hbot stopped flashing and droned. “The comlen is more than a verbal communication. It shows all people, places, and proper events which are taking place on any planet in the universe, except Militia. Militia is the twin space station, the twin homes of the noble honor guard units. You can interactively talk or write to any person or place or proper event at any of the day or the night time that you wish. Do you wish to communicate with your relatives on Bonita, Pami?”
“Naw!” My relatives lived in another galaxy too far for any facial or electronic transmission. I inquired. “Hbot, can a message be sent outside of the wormhole from the planet of Bonita?”
Hbot moved her bag to the luggage rack near the window. “Naw!” It sung in musical bass flute notes, spinning its metal to her, not showing any human emotions, but floated to her bed. “Do you have any important questions for me to address, today, Pami?”
“Are you male or female robot?”
Hbot slowly descended down to the carpet without any colored lights or whistles and droned. “My technician on planet Resort was a very competent male named Tex, Pami?”
I giggled and leaped off the soft bed, winking at Hbot. “You’re cool, Hbot. You are a male robot for your database files.” I stomped to my bag, pulled out my shirt, and dog smelled the right arm pit. I almost fainted from the bad puppy odor. I shook the clothing item, smiling with a nod. “Can I get my clothes fixed and cleaned here?”
Hbot lifted and floated to her. “Fixed!? What mechanical item do you possess that needs to be fixed, Pami?”
I ripped a small hole in the bottom fabric of the hem, tearing loose a piece of the fabric, and pressed it over the golden threads of PAMI1, covering the visual name. I said. “Please sew this single piece of black fabric over my name plate. So it’s fixed. Do you understand my southern term, Hbot?”
“Affirmative, Pami.” Hbot droned. “Where is the piece of clothing that you wished cleaned, Pami?”
I cuddled my shirt and my shorts and slipped behind the bathroom door, stripping my dirty Tele uniform off my stinky body, pitching the garment out the closed door. I said with a nod. “Please I need this item fixed and cleaned, soonest, Hbot!”
“Speediness is my service, Pami.” Hbot flew butt-hole-backwards out the sliding door, still looking like a flying trashcan.
I dropped my mouth, peeking around the door of the bathroom, staring out the hallway.
The door closed.


Conqueror Tournament
Dark blue sky with yellow tinted full moon and bright stars
Mild breeze with cold temperatures and moist air
15th hour (mid-evening)


I stumbled into the grand orange room which was littered with dozens of nicely decorated yellow tables and hundreds of citizens, who stood, trotted, and talked with a neighbor. I located table number 71, seat number four with placement card 494, sitting on the edge of the padded red colored chair. I impatiently waited with wild excitement, hearing the wild cheers, feeling the wild excitement for the beginning of the annual Intergalactic event. I sighed with wild nervousness.
Marquis Roy and his wife Marquise Dee handsomely stood on top of a purple colored stage in the center of their twin gold throne chairs. The crowd of game players and curious observers applauded wildly with both their hands and their shoes. Roy raised both his arms and the crowd silenced. He smiled with a nod, saying into the comfone (mini speaker). “Welcome to our home Resort. I hope you have enjoyed your day at our lovely place, because there’s more exciting and fun adventures awaiting you, tomorrow. Let’s dispense with the talk of boating, jetting, skiing, and other water and sky activities, which you have planned for the rest of the week. We have gathered here tonight to tease, to test, and to tantalize your appetite of fierce, fury, and fight competition. Someone will be a winner or a loser. You decide. I wish each one of you good luck and goodbye in advance, if you do not continue after the first round of games. Begin the Conqueror Tournament!” He waved his plump hand with approval.
The citizens went crazy shouting, clapping, whistling, horn blowing, cat calling, and feet stomping like they were watching a race.
My table legs sounded with a thump against the tile floor.
My nerve ends shook up into my back spine and as, my neurons were both wired and readied for the fierce action to begin.
Roy’s little pep talk was awe inspiring, a winner or a loser. You decide? I sighed with winner.
The conqueror robot or Cbot acted as the card dealer, the card announcer, and the game referee. It dealt the cards, handled the currs, and distributed the physical jackpot to the winner of each match bout. It electronically communicated the winner to a gigantic electronic board, sitting behind the throne chairs of Roy and his wife Dee on top of the stage.
The board held 77 slots of math numbers with no proper names. At the end of the tournament, a highlighted single box in silver would identify the final winner of each table.
This event was a high stake risk taking, one shot deal, the winner took it all. And the loser got nothing.
I giggled with excitement, bouncing on my boot toes in my assigned seat. I sighed with intrigue.
The casino used a standard fifty-six card deck including four wild cards. The four wild cards were nicknamed, the conqueror cards. A conqueror card represented any numeric or figure value. But the conqueror card had to be called, before the card hand of the play was placed in the metal tray, for the purposes of audit, verification, and confirmation by Cbot.
Each player was dealt a total of five playing cards. The player in seat one started the curr betting process.
I possessed 2,800 currs after paying for the ship docking slip and game registration fee. If this game got nasty, I would be out of both my money and my luck. I sighed with nervousness.

Round One, I faced the table surface without any playing cards in my hand, staring at an empty transparence tray in the middle of the playing table.
Cbot sat on a raised platform, overlooking each card player. It looked and droned to player one. “Opening ante, fifty currs.”
Each player pitched a set number of gold currs in their personal tray that was located in front of their assigned seat. Each player tray retracted back down into a center portal that was located in the middle of the round table. Then the tray rose and dumped the new set of currs in a big pile of gold underneath a glass covered dome.
The gold triangles twinkled underneath the artificial lamps, totaling 350 currs.
“Player one raises the pot by hundred currs.” Cbot droned, turning to see player two.
I studied my competition, seeing that the gamblers were conservative, like me, and placed the required number of fifty currs, like me, for first round of card playing. So, my currs would last a long time in this card game.
The names of the individual gamblers were not introduced to Cbot. Each player was not allowed to vocally speak the name of the citizen either. The citizen was a number instead.
I mentally giggled at that silly concept, but I was looking and listening to Cbot for all directions, especially, when my turn for both betting and raising my currs. I sighed with attention.
Player one appeared, like a normal looking earthling male, wearing a sports jacket, a matching bow tie over a dress shirt. He possessed a head of curly brown hair, a peachy tinted skin about forty years old.
Player two was a Militia man, wearing his white uniform with a pretty yellow sash tied around his fit waist. He appeared to be twenty years, with a set of nice arm muscles, outlining his sleeveless white shirt, wearing a stern competitive look on his heart shaped face.
Player five was an older gentleman and dressed in a dark jacket, a dark shirt, and a rope tie piece around his throat, showing a pink rosy skin and a head of red hair about fifty years old.
Player seven sported a beautiful white animal skinned jacket and matching pelts around his hat from planet Ice. He possessed a ghostly pale skin, a high forehead, and two sunken cheekbones. His long blonde colored hair flowed down his back and was combed into a neat ponytail.
The sound of a clang of the currs broke my daydream.
Cbot turned and performed a mono-drone at player three. “The bet is hundred currs.” Each player accepted the raise, placing more currs in their trays.
I accepted the hundred currs bet, dropping the precious currs and two lousy cards in my tray. Cbot returned a set of two new cards. One was the conqueror card. So, I held two, two, six, queen, and a conqueror card.
Translation of my card hand: three of a kind with two, two, and a conqueror card.
My luck had seriously improved, and as the time ticked slowly away.
I sweated inside my knee high boots without showing any emotional facial expressions. I carried a pout of determination on my pink-painted lips. Yeah, a tube of pink tinted lipstick, don’t leave the galaxy without it, baby!
There was not any time period on placing bets or determining the number of replacement playing cards that one needed to win the match.
The jackpot stood at 1,100 currs. I sighed with contentment.

Round Two, player two bet an additional hundred currs and as, the tray rattled with more of his golden triangles.
Cbot turned and performed a mono-drone at player three. “Two hundred currs is the raise.” Player three folded his card hand, placing all five cards in tray with a little fury. Cbot turned and performed a mono-drone at player four, “Player three, folds. Player four, bet.” All eyeballs turned to stare at Starra.
I did not smile or grunt or sweet breath between my tight lips, slowly collecting the gold triangles, placing in my tray with one useless playing card. Cbot returned a new card. I slowly lifted the new card with a shaky hand drawn to my eyeballs.
My neurons read the math number two.
I jumped.
Gotcha!.
I make-believed leaped and as, my heart jumped up to the skyline. However, my outwardly presence still remained a stone faced gambler-zombie, like my nemesis poker player opponent Maritza.
I held a set of numeric cards: two, two, two, queen, and a conqueror card. I sighed with sheath
Translation of my card hand: the awesome “four of kind.”
Cbot turned and performed a mono-drone to card player one. “Six players remain in the conqueror tournament. The raise is 450 currs by player three. Player four, bet.”
I placed more my precious triangles in my tray with the queen card and prayed for a miracle that had not come. I viewed the useless card with the number nine. I sighed with unhappiness.

Round Three, Cbot stood at the front of the table and droned. “Jackpot is 4,850 currs.” It turned and stared at the player, “Player four, bet.”
I quickly calculated 1,250 currs left in my money pouch, risking it all to win the first match in the conqueror tournament and battling against my competitive playmates for the huge pot of 4,850 currs. Those currs could be used to set up a new house and the other living expenses on planet Agri.
I released the currs in my tray with no replacement cards.
Cbot turned and performed a mono-drone at the next card player. “Six hundred currs is the raise by player four. Player seven, bet.” Player seven dropped all his five cards in the slot, ending his run for the next Conqueror of the Universe title. Cbot turned and performed a mono-drone at player one, “Player seven, folds.”

Round Four, player one stared with his murderous eyeballs at Starra.
I cut my eyelashes to the shoes of player five, who was tap dancing on that roaming creepy cockroach.
Cbot turned and performed a mono-drone at the next active player. “650 currs is the raise by player one.”
I swung to player one, almost cursing unladylike, but bit my lip.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
“Player four, bet.” Cbot turned and performed a mono-drone at next active player. All eyeballs turned to see Starra.
I transferred the last of my warm, actually, sweaty wet currs in my cold metal tray. My heart thumped out of my chest and dumped on the table.
Gotcha!
My heart thumped against my rib cage, causing a sneeze. I recovered, wiping my clear mucus from my nostrils on the playing cards that slimy action brought the cards good luck, ya’ll.
Because, if I lost, then I had a free room and free food for two more nights, after that it did not compute. I sighed with panic.
“Jackpot totals 6,050 currs.” Cbot turned and performed a mono-drone at player one. Player one stood upright from his chair, stretching all of his limbs around the air waves.
I jumped up and accidentally flung my chair backwards with my nervous excitement as it fell backwards and landed on top of the hard tile with a loud noise thud. Gentlemanly player three retrieved the chair and then replaced the furniture back upright for Starra. I moved around in a circle with a series of deep breathes pumping my warm blood around my two numb feet, scanning the casino hall.
The citizens had dwindled from 2,000 down to 500 persons waiting for the end of first night of the Conqueror Tournament. The other 76 tables had finished playing and displayed the other conqueror winners by seat number on front of the electronic board. So, the five hundred citizens steered to the right, toward their right, in the right direction of Starra.
I blinked my eyelashes with confusion seeing a mod of moving folks and as the dull light bulbs sounded with a ting in my tired neurons.
The citizens were approaching table number 71, the last playing card table eager to see, who won and who lost.
Player one sat back down into the chair.
I copycatted his movement. I sighed with hope.
Cbot turned and performed a mono-drone at player one. “Player one, bet.”
I felt both doubt and sure-ness.
Okay, that sounded weird.
Player one looked to see Starra with a pair of narrowed murderous eyelids and added his sound effect with a soft sneer.
My big Tele eardrums picked up the nasty music. So I pondered in my evil devious mind of implanting the word: call.  I could use my T-power of telepathy (mind reading), could attack his open brain cells, and could win the first conqueror game, ya’ll.
That was not right or fair or just. I will not win by cheating on a helpless victim. I sighed with justice.
Player one said with a growl. “No bet. I call.”
Cbot swung its metal arm to Starra and performed a mono-drone at player four, “Call, player four.”
I had to announce my secret conqueror card, which acted as a wild card, before Cbot retrieved all my playing cards for the final verification. I shouted with a touch of my Tele power of telepathy in every open mind. Yeah, I could do that, ya’ll. “I possess a conqueror card. My wild card is number two.”
All the hands clapped for the end of the match. And a few faint words drifted to her Tele eardrums, without seeing the happy faces.
An invisible body with a tenor timber said, “Excellent.”
An invisible body with an alto timber said, “Very good.”
An invisible body with a baritone timber said, “Can’t be beat?”
Cbot retrieved all the currs plus the two sets of playing cards. It reviewed and then performed a mono-drone to the audience, a fast computer. “Winner is player number 494. Number 494 receives the jackpot of 6,050 currs and also advances to the next round. The next round is tomorrow at the fifth hour, mid evening for the continuation of Conqueror Tournament. Good night to commoners and nobles.” The citizens went crazy wildly clapping, hooting, whistling, and foot stomping.
I stood upright from the chair and as my kneecaps and legs shook from both excitement and exhaustion. I smiled with a nod to Cbot and to the nearby attending citizens and card players.
Player one bowed in respect to Starra, sounding with a soft growl of defeat.
Cbot handed the treasure tray of 6,050 little triangular currs in perfect denominational rows to Starra, not smiling. Bots did not smile. It performed a mono-drone to Starra. “Congratulations, player number 494!”
I swung to a side door of gray color which was located on the far wall for a quick escape and a dash to the elevator doors. Hbot will be there patiently waiting with my prepared snack of tuna fish, my hot steaming bath, and my verbal orders to clean my jumpsuit. I sighed with happiness.
Alien Day Three


Planet Resort
Dark sky, dark clouds and rain storms
Wet air, cold temperatures and heavy winds
15th hour (mid-evening)


Round One, during the next Conqueror Tournament, there were ten yellow tablecloths, holding seven red chairs.
I slid in my assigned chair. My table partners were louder, meaner, and way too richer than last night.
The ante started out with the standard hundred currs. Player three increased the jackpot to 2,500 currs, within an eyelash blink. I was player seven on table ten and unhappily dumped an additional 2,400 currs in my metal tray.
Each winner of the first round of game received the game jackpot plus an additional 100,000 currs from the casino. I was identified an awesome smart girl, okay, the winner of the first match at my table last night. This brilliant reward system encouraged all the winners a return visit to win or lose more currs.
So I got conned out of my currs and was playing in a second round of match games too.
I figured out that if I lost half my winnings, I still could attain my goal of living in a nice house surrounded by white cotton fields on green and blue colored planet Agri. So the mental debate between my rational and my irrational psyche ended. Thus, the irrational side won being a seventeen-year teenager. I sighed with teen-ness.

Round Two, the curr jackpot totaled 314,000 and as, the gold triangles glittered underneath the looking glass with all players actively participating.
The hotel manager provided an assortment of free colorful beverages during the fierce competition. I sipped slowly, marking the water goblet rim with my pink lipstick, decreasing too quickly half of my winning from last night. My heart barely thumped. I sighed with worry.
Player six was a Sahara native from the Prison Planet that was located on this side of the wall thingy. He possessed a dark skin underneath his gold satin-like shimmering shirt. His shirt was beautifully covered in an assortment of precious gems of rubies, sapphires, emeralds, and diamonds. The gems matched the rings on his six wiggling fingers too. The jewelry sounded with a clink against the metal tray, when he bet.
I mentally dubbed him, Golden Boy. I sighed with beauty.
Golden Boy enjoyed raising the ante, after his turn, increasing the current bet to 23,000 currs per his sticky finger pads.
The rest of my table held a group of elder men and women, who laughed at their stupid jokes, smoked their stinky cigarettes, and mumbled their silly words to each other’s earlobe. They were more amused with each other rather than competing for the grand prize, except for Golden Boy.
Golden Boy was very determined to win the game and the match, so he could continue to the next round of the Conqueror Tournament. Or lose everything.
Using my T-powers of telepathy, I performed a Tele feel on both his and my inner thoughts, his and my jumbled feelings, and his and my future physical actions. I played the card game and his game both mentally and physically communicating in total silent, using both my regular human senses and my Tele powers.
I connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to Golden Boy: Tonight is my night, dude.
My playing hand represented an outstanding set of four kings, showing the four duplicate faces of the real King Rex, who spied on me, for his fun. Plus, I possessed the useless number eight, so I could lose my money and my pride, all at the same time.
I needed the infamous “five of a kind” which was a numerical sequence of any five math numbers plus the popular conqueror card. I dropped my 23,000 currs in my tray and one card. Cbot returned a new card to Starra. I continued to sit and sweat without smiling or breathing or giggling. I sighed with victory.

Round Three, Cbot stood in front of the table, “Player one, bet.” It turned and performed a mono-drone to the next active player.
I blindingly focused with one eye ball, which was quite blurry, without using my two eye balls on a set of five freaking kings, compliments of Cbot.
Guess what, ya’ll.
No man or no machine could beat my person or my card hand.
I smeared the pink lipstick smirk to the right on my lips and eye-killed for two seconds at player six.
I connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to him: Dare ya, Golden Boy!
Cbot turned to see the next active player with a mono-drone. “Player two, bet.”
Player two tossed his cards in the tray slot. “Fold.”
Cbot continued to turn and mono-drone to each active player. “Player three, bet.”
“Fold.” Player three pitched his cards in the tray slot.
“Player four, bet.”
Player four dropped his cards in the tray slot too. “Fold.”
“Player five, bet.”
Player five throw her five cards in the tray slot also. “Fold.”
Cbot turned to see the next active player with a mono-drone. “Player six, bet.” Golden Boy viewed his cards and turned to see him.
I stretched a short neck to see him too. He stood, crossing a set of twin ripped biceps against his fine body. I gasped, studying the hot sizzling male, who was more majestic in flesh and bone than that tiny picture on the small screen at the warehouse on planet Bonita.
His dashing facial features teased my gray eyeballs as he possessed dark tinted skin and a wicked smirk on his pink colored lips that were lightly dusted in black whiskers. He wore a bronze colored open fabric vest, without a shirt, displaying a set of bugling ripped bicep muscles. His shiny silk vest was tastefully decorated and arranged in a set of small semi-precious stones. All those physical features made him a dominating presence in the room, introducing Prince Rann of Sahara, the solo ruler of the Prison Planet.
Then, I saw it. His secret signal to Golden Boy displayed in an eye wink. I sighed with suspicious.
Golden Boy smirked, without showing teeth, turning to see Cbot. “Call.” He placed all his cards in his tray slot and turned to see Starra.
I looked to Golden Boy.
Golden Boy looked to Rann.
I turned to see Rann.
Rann turned to see Starra too.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Cbot turned to see the next active player with a mono-drone. “Player seven, call.”
I heard my number, not pulling my eyeballs away from Rann. He smirked, without showing teeth to me, too. My heart beat rapidly raced and as, my neurons were confused with a set of deep mixed emotions. My stupid Tele powers pinged. Everything is fine, darling.
Rann was curious to my eyeballs, but Golden Boy was more curious to my neurons. He should have placed another large curr bet to win, but he had not. And he would have win both the poker pot and conqueror game, but Golden Boy had not.
I quickly panicked in my body, my mind, and my soul, pondering a daring escape out of hot dry room, where I had been sitting for four hours.
“Player seven, call.” Cbot mono-droned to Starra.
I snapped my mind and my person back to reality.
I looked down to my folded cards, clearing my dry throat. I meekly whispered, since the bot possesses super sensitive audio mechanics. “My conqueror card is king.” I slowly placed my cards in my tray.
Cbot retrieved the currs trays and the two set of cards and then performed a quick review with a finally mono-drone tone to all eardrums. “Winner is player number 494 receiving the jackpot total of 689,000 currs.” I sighed with confusion.
I slowly stood, hearing the claps and cheers, heating with a new set of jumbled emotions. A few hands slapped my collar bone and a few hands shook my loose hand and as I heard the whispers of verbal expressions for my outstanding performance. I stared at Rann.
He bowed in respect to Starra and lifted up his naked chest, still staring and smirking to her.
I scanned the other citizens, who totally ignored Rann. The citizens were busy in celebration with sloshing beverages, smoking pipes, ringing music instruments, and couple dancing. I turned a sour face to Rann, giving a slight nod and gathered my money tray. I swung to the side door of gray skipping out the auditorium again. I sighed with intrigue.
Alien Day Four


Planet Resort
Blue sky, white clouds and yellow moon
Cool breeze, cold temperatures and moist air
15th hour (mid-evening)


Round One during the next Conqueror Tournament, I possessed or earned and had 1,100,000 currs in my big fat cloth bag, entering the auditorium. But I was too intrigued with my super good luck and the mysterious dashing Rann.
Two yellow tablecloths held eleven players, one being the returning conqueror tournament champion, who had arrived at the showdown for the night.
The citizens wore stylish clothing long formal gowns, tons of jewelry, layers of fur capes, and silk hand gloves. Cbot exhibited a black bow tie around it upper cylinder area and performed a mono-drone to all players. “Opening bet is 500 currs.”
I giggled with nervousness at the sights, the smells, and the silliness of the Conqueror Tournament.
My table held numerous rich nobles, excluding poor alien Starra.
Prince Rann of Planet Sahara owned the Prison Planet.
Governor Jon of Planet Uni owned the school, where all kids, staring at the age of four until sixteen years old, lived, attended, and learned about the academic life.
General Ivan of the space station Militia was both a noble and an operator of the honor guard units. The guard unit serviced the nobles and their immediate families like a batch of royal babysitters.
I received the math numbers in my card hand: three, three, seven, eight, and five. I sighed with bad luck.
Cbot turned to see the next active player with a mono-drone, “Player one, bet.”
“Hold on a minute! I’m thinking.” Player one chewed his lip, studying his five cards.
I turned to see the other card players on the second card table. They talked, drunk, and ate like attending a social party on the other side of the room. I turned to see and study my competition. My fellow players were tense, uptight, wired, and readied for a battle playing field. The cute waitress robot or Wbot wore a black apron over its metal, taking both drink and food orders from the card players. I received a single sweaty glass of cold water, feeling way too nervous to eat.
“Player one, bet,” Cbot performed a mono-drone to player one.
“I bet 10,000. Okay!” Player one grunted off-key in tenor and as, his currs nosily tumbled in his tray. I sighed with badder.
“Player two, bet,” Cbot turned to see the next active player with a mono-drone.
Rann calmly placed his triangles in his tray with three cards, rumbling in his deep sexy baritone timber. “I bet 20,000.” He exhibited a perfect poker bluff face like Maritza.
Cbot turned to see the next active player with a mono-drone tone. “Raise is 20,000 currs by player two.”
Player three was plump and tall General Ivan. His life time twin goals were guarding the wall and defending his crummy conqueror poker hand. He turned to see Rann, grumbling in his deep baritone tuba timber. “Why did you bet 20,000 currs, Rann? It’s only the first play.” Last year champ shook his bald head and pitched his currs in the tray with four cards. Rann held steady in calm composure from the verbal blast and mental attack of Ivan, smirking and staring at Starra.
Cbot turned to see the next active player with a mono-drone tone. “Player four, bet.” Player four dropped in his slot the required currs and no other cards.
Geez! Rann could blow my nice little nest egg away with these flying monster bets, so I must decide to stay or leave the game and the planet.
“Player five, bet.” Cbot turned to see the next active player with a mono-drone tone.
I quickly debated silent conservation in my mind: call his buff and met his challenge.
Rann had returned three of five cards which showed that he held nothing of value toward winning the match. So, I would show more strength, long endurance, and free independent living here, as an alien, on an alien world, in an alien galaxy. I sighed with alien.
“Player six, bet.” Cbot turned to see Starra with a mono-drone tone. Starra placed more of her currs and three of her cards inside the tray which held no value either. Cbot turned to see the next active player with a mono-drone tone. “Raise is 30,000 currs by player six.”
I shared my secret and my smile, winking to Rann.
He smirked, without teeth, to Starra.

Round Two, Cbot continued to stand in front of the poker table, “Player one, bet.” It turned to see the next active player with a mono-drone tone.
“You bet 30,000 currs. What do you think you’re doing there, little lady?” Player one said with a growl and dumped the required currs and three cards into his slot.
“Player two, bet.” Rann gently shifted both his currs and his useless cards into his tray.
“The raise is 40,000 currs by player two. Player three, bet.”
Ivan placed more of his currs and his cards inside the tray with a loud grunt.
“Player four, bet.”
“Too rich for me, Rann, I fold.” Jon jammed all his cards into his tray and pulled out a smoking pipe, motioning to Wbot for a new beverage.
“Player five, bet.”
“Fold,” Player five said placing his cards inside the slot, leaving the table.
“Player six, bet.”
I stared at the math numbers on my five cards, seeing three, three, ace, six, and ten. I silently cursed at the creepy cockroach underneath a right boot toe and dropped 40,000 currs with the three useless cards inside my tray.
“Player seven, bet.”
Player seven said placing all her five cards in the tray too. “Fold.”
“Player eight, bet.”
“Fold.” Player eight said tossing all his five cards in the tray also.
“Player nine, bet.”
“Fold.” Player nine said pitching all her five cards in the tray.
“Player ten, bet.”
“Fold.” Player ten said tossing all his five cards in the tray.
“Player eleven, bet.”
“Fold.” Player eleven said placing all his five cards in the tray too.

Round Three, Cbot continued to stand in front of the table, “Player one, bet.” It turned to see the next active player with a mono-drone tone.  Player one folded his card hand, placed them in his tray, and sounded with a sneer to Starra, in that order.
“Player two, bet.”
“I believe our game needs more bite.” Rann turned a smirk to see Starra, blindingly dumping more currs and no cards in his tray.
I studied my lousy card hand: three, three, seven, eight, and ten.
Cbot turned to see the next active player with a mono-drone tone. “The raise is 50,000 currs by player two. Player six, bet.”
I stared at my sucky cards and flicked my gray pupils towards handsome Rann. He had not exchange any additional playing cards for his hand. I dropped a handful of currs and three useless cared in my tray, staying in the game
I connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to Rann, for my fun. You are buffing, buddy. 
Cbot turned to see the next active player with a mono-drone tone. “The raise is 55,000 currs by player six.”

Round Four, Cbot turned to see Rann and said with a mono-drone tone. “Player two, bet!” 
Rann stared at Starra, slipping more of his currs with more of his cards in his tray.
Cbot mono-droned. “Raise is 60,000 currs by player two. Player three, bet.”
Ivan violently pitched all his five cards at the table, completely missing his tray slot, wearing a comical distorted face, which consisted of two screwed eyebrows, one twisted lip, and a wrinkled forehead, all ugly. He said with a sneer to Rann. “I fold. There’s a personal tug of war going on here.”
I did not smile or grunt or sweet breath between my closed pink painted lips only a slick slight smirk to Rann. He winked to Starra.
My best card draw was a pair of threes. Good enough!
My T-powers pinged. Everything is fine, darling.
“Player six, bet.” Cbot turned with a mono-drone to see Starra. She placed three cards and more of her currs down into her tray in silence. Cbot echoed with a mono-drone to all eardrums. “Raise is 100,000 currs by player six.” Each citizen gasped, murmured, and then silenced and as they waited for Rann.
Cbot turned with a mono-drone to see Rann. “Player two, bet.” Rann placed more of his currs to cover her raise, but he had not released any more his curr for the next bet. Cbot turned with a mono-drone to see Starra. “Player six, bet.”
I cleared my dry throat. “I call.” I dumped all my cards in my tray and as the tray swallowed the poker hand of Rann too.
Cbot audited the results and responded with a mono-drone. “Winner is 494 with a pair of threes. The jackpot is 973,000 currs.” The citizens went crazy with wild cheers, hoots, whistles, blow horns, and foot stomps, cat calling, and name calling.
I stood upright from the chair with a smile and a nod to Rann while accepting the heavy money tray, but I used my T-power of telekinesis and performed a Tele balance on the heavy money tray between my arms.
Ivan continued to sit at the table with a sour frown and stared down at the exposed playing cards of Starra. “I folded for a pair of threes. She only had a pair of threes.”
I giggled and swung my body and my heavy treasure tray toward the wall, slowly moving away from the table, leaving the room by a side door of gray again. Hbot would be patiently waiting with a tray of special treats inside my private sleeping room. I sighed with delightfulness.
Alien Day Five


Planet Resort
Auditorium location with Starra
Blue sky and white clouds with yellow sun
Cool winds with cold temperatures and moist air
7th hour (late morning)


The last and final day of the conqueror tournament produced two people, an ugly tall Fitz and a cute petite Starra. They prettily sat at a single yellow table, holding a clear vase of bright pink roses.
Yeah! I had requested the flower arrangement, yesterday. Pink was my favorite color and revenge was my favorite emotion, at the moment.
The championship game started in the early morning and would be known eternally as the “shortest” conqueror tournament championship game in the gambling history on planet Resort. This historical event would be told and retold by moving lips for many, many years to come.
I laughed with revenge.
And then, I digressed, mysteriously.
Last night, on Alien Day Four, inside the hotel room at the 18th hour which was late night, the opposing finalist of Starra, in the conqueror tournament game, squandered his awarded currs on his immediate family members, his greedy friends, and some new too friendly acquaintances in a series of extraordinary entertainment hours, this evening. During his sleepover at her hotel, on her floor, next to her bedroom suite, his party, his noisy partiers, and his continuous partying friend kinda overlapped into the wee early dawn hours, the next day.
I possessed excellent hearing, using my regular set of human eardrums. Thus, I endured and experienced the loudest, most obnoxious, and rudest woo-hoo people party celebration, coming directly through my bedroom wall, down my hallway, and across the city street from my bedroom wall, going in my eardrums, first and my neuron, second and my open eyelashes, last which lasted all night long and beyond…
Present day and time, inside the auditorium setting at the 7th hour (late morning), the finale of the conqueror tournament game arrived with too much, much fanfare for both the finalist of the Conqueror of the Universe.
I wore the ugliest distorted face ever, exhibiting a not very good mood. The lack of sleep always made for a very irritable, grouchy, and dangerously mean southern belle, coming from planet Earth, if ya followed my drift.
I slumped forward both my elbows and my arms over the pretty yellow tablecloth, wearing a set of black bags underneath my drooping eye sockets. I showed off a set of twin sunken cheekbones from biting my interior gums. My lips showed a splattering of the dried blood from the bitten interior cheeks, inside my mouth. A pair of pink painted fish lips and a pair of two screwed up eyebrows greatly exaggerated my newest ugliness appearance, all shown underneath the bright overhead lamps at the single card game table.
So, I totally reigned and ruled as player one.
Cbot turned to see the player one with a mono-drone tone. “Player one, bet.”
I did not smile or spit or speak, shoving my big bag in the small tray, not fitting, but I did mouth spat with a nasty lady sneer for more of my ugliness facial beauty. “I bet 999,998 currs.”
Cbot did not smile or spit but said with a mono-drone. “Player one bets 999,998 currs for the first hand of the first match, at the first round, of the final conqueror championship game.” I closed my eyelashes, lying down on my messy curls on top of the pretty table.
Her card player opponent Fritz could not beg or borrow or steal enough currs to cover the huge outrageous southern belle bet. So he sadly folded his five cards within his two hands and tapped them into a neat column of pressed paper, gently dumping them inside his metal tray, slumping forward a head down into the hands with disappointment. The citizens went crazy with cheers, whistles, foot stomps, and claps.
Cbot turned with a mono-drone to see the hair roots of Starra. “Winner of the conqueror championship game is player 494!”
So, I had won the Conqueror Tournament by default or blackmail. Take your wickedly pick?
I slowly grunted and stood upright from my sleepy time exhaustion, silently accepting a heavy treasure tray of 1,000,000 currs in a forearm, using my Tele power of telekinesis to perform a Tele balance. Then I squatted and grunted, lifting a second heavy bag of more of my gold triangles over a collar bone, using some more of my T-power of telekinesis to perform a second Tele balance, being a powerful super Earth alien. I did not smile or spit or speak. Fotos (pictures) were being snapped by the Nbot or news robots, showing her frontal lady sneer first and her lady rear end second.
I slowly swung and strolled through the crowded auditorium floor, moving away from the card game table and as, numerous back slaps hit very painful over my collar bone for two minutes of my work and my celebration. I used my T-power of telekinesis and performed a Tele slap on the double doors which opened with a bang and a boom. I marched out the auditorium and in the elevator carriage, facing the wall. I used more of my T-power of telekinesis and performed a Tele lift on the elevator up to my floor with a ting.
The doors closed.
I entered and sounded with a sneer and a giggle of contentment. Now, I could purchase a house on planet Agri and disappear out of their eye sight and their ear range as an alien, on an alien world, in an alien universe. I sighed with alien.
In the 8th hour (late morning) on the 230th level inside the private suite, the door opened.
I sounded with a lady sneer with surprise, watching Hbot pack my bag, hearing the swish sound behind my fanny.
“Starra, I hope I am not disturbing you at this moment.” His plumb tummy entered first and his well-dressed satin shirt second and stood inside the hotel archway and as his well-fed rosy round cheek bones rose to a silly smile.
You are. I swung around with a fake smile to see him, “No.”
Roy waved his plump arms. “In addition to the prized currs, you also will receive complements of my home world of Resort, a newly manufactured personal robot with the latest upgrades for your residence.” A parade of four cylinders flew through the archway, coming directly at Starra, dropping one at the same time in front of her naked toes. Each one shone in polished and glittering newly buffed silver metal finish with a blinking belly monitor while Housekeeping robot 3,425 stood solo inside the wall corner near the new sofa, tarnished and worn compared to the new bot models.
I said with a lady sneer to the first robot. “What’s your designation?”
“Greetings! I am service robot 85,921. What is your order?” It droned.
I side step to the second robot, saying with a lady growl, “Your designation?”
“Greetings! I am service robot 85,922. What is your order?” It droned.
I shifted to the third robot, saying with a lady snarl, “Designation?”
“Greetings! I am service robot 85,923. What is your order?” It droned with no personality, only efficiency.
“These robots, representing the latest technology from Tech, are efficient, fast, and reliable. You’re one lucky girl, Starra. I received my new shipment this morning to replace the entire housekeeping staff robots on Resort.” Roy smiled with a nod, fingering the first robot.
I whipped my face to Hbot with sad understanding. Housekeeping robot 3,452 was out of a job and scheduled for total termination. However, his dull metal machine had personality and character to me, thou. I honestly enjoyed Hbot, as my companion, with his skills of efficient, fast, reliable, and the new musical bass flute sound of “naw.”
Hbot did not only answer my questions but gave out detailed information about people, places, and possessions that I needed to survive and to live in the new unknown universe. It was not shiny but rusty; not polished but tarnished; not glittering but worn, probably worn from years, maybe, decades of devoted bot service to the Resort hotel.
Back home on Earth, we did not discard useless equipment. We reengineered the parts into something new and better, adding longevity to the existing equipment and the long term maintenance of healthy farm to survive harsh toxins bombarded by Mother Nature.
I turned a fake smile to see Roy, fingering each new robot. “Any one of the robots is a gift for me to pick, correct?”
He smiled with a nod. “You may pick any one of my robots. You will have a valuable asset for the rest of your life. Personal robots are very expensive and only nobles can afford them.”
I grinned with a wicked smirk and thumbed behind my collar bone to Hbot. “I pick Hbot 3,425 as my personal robot.” Hbot did not move, without vocal permission, like a good robot.
Roy exhaled with a huff and a nod, slowly waddling to Hbot, waving his plump hand. “This housekeeping unit has outdated programming and worn parts. I strongly advise against it, Starra. The robot will fall apart in less than a solar year.” He swung around to see Starra, frowning with a nod. “Please pick one of the newer models from Tech World.” He fluttered his finger pads to the set of new bots.
“I pick Hbot as my final choice.” I swung around and smiled with a nod to Hbot.
Roy turned and moved to Hbot, punching the buttons in the metal panel. “Hbot is set up to follow your voice commands, perfectly, once you speak your first command. And your specific body temperatures will be recorded and stored which is based on your pretty physical appearance.” He turned and walked to Starra with a smile. “Hbot will perform all your orders without hesitation. That concludes my gifts for the day. Enjoy your currs and your new personal robot, Starra.” He extended his hand with a nod. She shook his plump digits. Then, he released her hand, leaving her hotel suite. I sighed with satisfaction.
On the 9th hour (late morning) at the ship port, Hbot and I strolled in the cool breeze of the late morning to the stolen zipper. I princessly ordered my first alien command with a giggle. “Hbot 3,425, your first assignment is to change your designation. How about, ‘Bot’?” I smiled with a nod.
Hbot dropped its metal rounded bottom to the concrete, punching some buttons in the panel on the curvy side of the cylinder, looking up to see Starra. “My programming unit has been altered to recognize the designation of ‘Bot.’” It lifted in the air for his next command.
“Bot, your second assignment is to program my zipper ship to the Agri and register my name as a citizen and purchase a house for…”
“Agri is the home of noble Baron Bartholomew. Do you have a landing permit, Pami?” Bot droned.
“Well I thought…” of a nice visit to Agri due to the fact, that I do not have a landing permit.
Bot hovered in her freckles. “Pami, you cannot jet to Agri, like a tourist, without noble permission.”
“Well, I thought…” continuing to explain my reason to the overbearing robot was stupid.
“Please do not worry. I am quite knowledgeable about both permits and protocols. We will travel to planet Commerce, the center of the galaxy, to handle this situation and your issue. I can access a remote comlen port at one of the many vendor booths and then acquire a work visa for you, if that is your final destination.”
I grinned with a nod. “Agri is my final destination and my new home.” I sighed with confidence.
At the Wall location in black and cold outer space with minus 1000°F at the 12th hour (early afternoon), my third intergalactic space trip lasted three boring hours (or 150 minutes, a Resort day). I was trying to fly to planet Commerce that everyone rat-tattle tailed was the center of the universe. I sighed with annoyance.
I scanned for a millionth space time second the heavy semi-crooked lines of outer space traffic ahead using my T-power of telepathy (mind probing, everything, babe). I wished, so hard, that I could plow through the rows of tiny and big non-moving space ships, using my other T-power of telekinesis (mind lifting), making all the ship go far, far away from my eyesight and beyond the glittering stars.
The Wall was the funky natural phenomenon between two sections of the galaxy which was composed of floating planet debris, pieces of space rock, and flying garbage partials in outer space. The space debris magically attached to a square shaped living mass of matter, possessing infinite height and width, forming a pretty grayish-white glittering wall structure in the middle of cold and dark outer space between the planets, hence the Wall.
So, some reckless stupid pilot had rammed his sorry ship into a piece of the space debris and lost control, hitting the wall, adding a new design of flying art work. The ship had stalled space traffic for three hours and counting forward.
Thus, I appreciated both the beauty and the danger of the floating garbage bin. I sighed with annoyance.


14th hour (late afternoon)
Planet Commerce: gray mountains, green valleys, colorful castles
Blue sky with white clouds and yellow sun
Cool temperatures and light breeze winds with and moist air
Green grass and colorful flower park setting


I flew inside a new ship port which was designed like planet Resort’s ship port. The square structure did not exhibit any walls, windows, doors or elevators either. There were four sets of gliding walkways at each wall corner of the building too. I docked and rocked the zipper in the air, hearing a squeak from Bot. I giggled at the funny noise, slamming down three wheels on the highest level with the only freaking parking spot left on the entire planet.
Lucky, me!
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance and killed the engine, all at the same time, looking to see Bot.
Bot left the ship and hovered in the air outside my zipper, not vomiting either. Machines were so nice, not vomiting or shouting or peeing at ya for messing up the landing and the launching maneuvers. I signed with technology.
I smiled with a giggle and pressed the button, seeing my door hatch door lift half way up, hearing a slurp of bad hydraulics. I exhaled with a puff of frustration, accessing my T-power of telekinesis, executing a Tele slap to the door, and slammed my arm in the door, hearing a pop.
The door opened.
I scooted out, allowing the hatchway to automatically close down, hearing a slurp again. I saw a different lonely dock inspector in the middle of the hot tin roof and walked over to pay the ransom again.
Bot waited for Starra near the walkway like a good robot and a devoted metal friend. Bot and Starra glided down the slow one directional walkway, alone. The walkway was empty. There were no other citizens or bots or mice. Then, they plopped on the hard concrete.
I halted, studying the sidewalk, tapping my boot toe on the material. The sidewalk was constructed in yellow colored cobblestone street, glittering in the bright yellow sunlight, making me feel like a tourist but not. I signed with alien.
Bot glided beside Starra in silence and halted beside the front porch of a short square white structure.
I hummed with an old country tune viewing the same weather pattern like on the other two planets Resort and Bonita. Miles of blue sky, lots of pretty white swirling clouds, and a big bright yellow sun, all blinded my eyelashes. And the hot heat warmed my cold skin from our long and boring outer space trip.
Bot faced the building, fingering with its metal arm. “Pami, I will attend the administrative duties, without you. I will be exactly two hours. I suggest you enjoy the merchant booths during your free time.”
I turned to see its metal can, parting my lips. “Then you’re going to wait in line for your turn to process my work visa and I get to sightsee.” I smiled with a giggle, clapping and turning to see the numerous colorful merchandise booths ahead. I sighed with teen shopping.
Bot turned and faced the building, floating forward, waving both two its metal arms. “I will use the idle time to upgrade my applications with the new programs, with your permission. This is not a wasted venture.”
“All right! Okay! I mean to say very well and carry on. I think…” the interactive conversation with the flying trashcan is too bizarre.
Back home on Earth, I instructed with my commands, first. Then the robots followed my commands, second. However, here, it was not so with the personal mechanic judgments coming first from my personal metal robot. So that meant that I came last with my mistress decisions. I sighed with confusion.
Bot lifted, flew, and disappeared into the building.
I trucked my boot soles in the opposite direction, wearing a smile, sounding with a giggle. I sighed with adventure.
I elegantly strolled through an array of numerous colorful commodities booths, peeking in and out with my grinning face. The vendor stalls held millions of pretty merchandise, such like, food items, jewelry, house wares, clothes, robots, entertainment devices, and star ships for sale, with correct payment of currs. I casually wandered down two rows of vendors and halted.
I smiled with a giggle, admiring a cute pair of cowgirl boots. The boots were solid colored black snake skin with a toe tip painted in hot pink of another skinned animal, my exact size shoe, to boot. Use, abuse, and excuse the pun, ya’ll.
I scratched around in the heavy bag on my collar bone for the precise golden currs, dropping them with a ting on the vendor counter. I smiled with a giggle at my first official alien…naw…citizen purchase. The nice clerk smiled and lifted the boots. I snatched my purchase and swung around, trotting and sitting on the bench. I tossed off one dirty fashion boot in exchange for another, extending my newly covered naked and newly bathed feet to the yellow cobblestone street, smiling with a giggle. I stood upright from hard wooden seat and swirled around in my new shoes and as my eyeballs spotted a huge red structure.
In front of the nameless structure that displayed a set of red colored exterior walls with a rectangular shape of four stories and glass windows, a set of twin gray doors on the side of the structure might had held twin spying spies. I sighed with silliness.
The citizens were huddled in a classical social setting at the main archway, not being allowed inside. I guessed the working commoners were waiting on food and water, as usual.
The front of the red building was decorated with two tall columns on each end which held up the other stories and the white roof tiles. Numerous expressive faces stared in the interior of the building and watched something with mystery.
Using my T-power of telekinesis, I performed a Tele shove with the invisible air currents, my two pointy elbows, and my two pointy new cowgirl boot toes through the massive crowd of natives. This was my only chance to personally experience a new social culture. I sighed with curiosity.
Once, I had planted my new cowgirl booted feet on planet Agri, I would stay foreverly there, without the fear of revealing my true identity and place of original as an alien of planet Earth. These fine and dandy people here had lived a long, long time, without a solo interruption from an earthling, like alien Starra.
I was not going to be first contact earthling, here, either. Let the United Earth Government send another ancient beaten up and rusty ole space shuttle. My awesome T-powers could sense them a planet away. I sighed with alien.
Inside an auditorium with four orange painted walls and a single purple colored elevated stage, the elevated purple colored platform stage was decorated with two sets of floor length purple velveteen curtains, which beautifully framed a man and a woman. Each one sat in a pretty golden colored oversized throne chair.
The citizens sat around six U-shaped sitting rows. The rows lifted up and around the orange painted walls in the auditorium.
Using my T-power of telepathy, I performed a Tele photograph of the colorful image permanently in my eyeballs, for fun. One day, like freaking tomorrow, I would leave and return back to the new universe, my planet, and my home and would forget this moment.
I sat beside an elder male, after I elbowed, grunted, and bullied my petite body plus my cute cowgirl boots up nine rows of rude ill-manner natives, landing in the tenth row bleacher of whispering citizens.
He wore a blue jacket down to his kneecaps, a yellow necktie around his throat, and a pair of neatly pressed blue trousers which were tucked into a pair of handsome blue knee boots.
I smiled with a nod, bouncing into the elbows of the other natives, finger pointing at the stage as an overly excitable teen. “Is this a play or performance of some kind, sir?”
The MC (master of ceremonies) said via the comfone (audio devise). “It is my great honor to introduce the next item on the agenda, Viscount Lad of Tech World and his proposal marriage to Queen Rita, the co-ruler of the Universe.”
The citizens booed and as, I gasped with surprise, staring at the queen.
A tall shapely blonde haired female gracefully rose from her throne chair on the purple stage, wearing a baby blue floor length curvy gown, dragging her dress train over the polished tile floor.
Wood products did not come in the colors of the rainbow only the colors of the earth.
I thought you should know that too.
In contrast, a short blond haired and peachy tinted male nervously approached the center stage, too, wearing a silver tinted shirt, a pair of matching long trousers without shoes…naw…couldn’t see his shoes. He bowed in respect to the queen of the universe. Viscount Lad of Tech, I had recalled the face. He lived on the opposite of the Wall in the second solar system. Yeah, I was confused, too.
The citizens booed.
I studied the funky-looking couple, whispering in the eardrum of the elderly male. “What’s happening?”
“Rita is marrying, again, number six or number seven. I can’t remember,” the elderly male whispered back in her cheekbone.
I nodded, not understanding totally, either. But I pretended a sadness timber. “How tragic! She has seven dead husbands.” I did not know them, so I watched the live action commotion, for some more hot gossip.
The elderly male said with a sour frown. “They’re not dead, at least, not physically.”
I whispered in his eardrum again. “Please excuse my continuous questions. I’m a newcomer to Commerce. I’ve never witnessed this event. Could you be more specific with your explanation?”
“Queen Rita can marry any noble, she wishes, when he becomes of age. Lad has three options for this ceremony. He can marry Rita, thus his planet and his people become her royal property. Lad can reject Rita and die by hanging by his throat, thus an awarded necktie rope on the hangman’s gallows of the king. Or he can choose to challenge the queen. So far, all nobles have chosen the royal marriage over the death penalty.”
I whispered. “I understand the booing at Queen Rita.”
He smiled and stared at Rita. “You misunderstand, miss. They are booing at Lad, since he will choose the easy path of marriage, instead of the challenge. If a nobleman wins the challenge, he will be free to marry anyone he wishes and thus retain his planet.”
“Fascinating event! Has anyone ever won this challenge?”
“I was…”
The MC said via the comfone. “I present the hand of Queen Rita to Viscount Lad of Tech for their royal marriage. If anyone accepts the challenge, in place of Viscount Lad, you should speak now or never.”
I dropped my mouth with surprise. “Can someone else can take his place?”
“If that person wins, Lad will be free of Rita, forever,” he grinned.
I turned to see his nose profile. “What’s the challenge?”
“A riddle,” he studied both Rita and Lad.
I smiled with a deceptive grin and I liked solving riddles. I turned and stared at the young teenage couple, greatly disliking this “Queen Rita of the universe personette.”
You know a person was represented both the male and the female. But a personette only was represented the female of the species kinda like a…a kitten to a cat. I sighed with cuteness.
However, the winning intergalactic poker game had taught me a lesson to keep my cute nose out of any more public events in unknown universe as a teen alien.
Naw, I liked being a teen earthling.
However, I felt both luck and triumph, after winning the annual conqueror card game of the entire freaking universe, ya’ll. Since my teen ego was super inflated, super sized, and super stupid as my last social contact with these fine friendly folks. If this guy would get out of a royal marriage that he did not want, then I had done my good deed for the day. I sighed with arrogance.
I tossed my arm, standing and waving. Using my T-power of telepathy (mind sending, baby), I performed a Tele kick and heightened my normal soprano voice in the right eardrum of the master of ceremonies, yelling over the skulls of smelly and noisy citizens. “I accept.”
“Wait!” The elderly male shouted, too late.
I tapped and tripped and then tapped my boots down the row of sitting bleaches and as, the mean seated folks did not part kindly for my personette. So I jumped from the fourth row with my cool move and landed on my boots soles, bending at my kneecaps, impacting the collision with the hard tile.
I stood short, hearing the wild hoots, claps, cheers, and whistles. I pranced to the center of polished floor, twirling on my feet, waving with both arms in circles. I shouted with a touch of my Tele kick, again. “I accept the challenge. I accept the challenge. I am here to accept the challenge. Yeah! Me is here, ya’ll!” I twirled and stopped about a few feet from Lad, smiling with a nod. Lad looked and smiled with a nod to Starra. Then, I strutted to Lad to save his fanny from the evil beast, my daily done deed.
Rita folded her arms over her pretty party dress, staring an array of invisible heated fireballs at the hair roots of Starra. Starra did not melt. So she said with a lovely nasal sneer. “Identify yourself, peasant?”
“Your Majesty, the challenger does not have to present herself with a name or a title or a status. This is the law,” the MC smiled with a nod to Rita.
I smiled with a giggle, standing next to the MC and far away from Rita, hearing the hoots, cheers, claps, and whistles of the audience, again. I liked him, this audience, this law, this universe, not Rita.
The MC said. “I am required to ask two questions, before we commence. Do you accept the position of Viscount Lad as a brave and a bold challenger of the royal wedding?”
I smiled with a nod to the MC. “Yes.”
“Do you, as the replacement of Viscount Lad, accept all the rewards and consequences of your stupid and dumb actions?” The MC said.
I gasped with shock and recovered, wearing a silly grin. “Yeah, I…”
“We will begin the challenge now. If the challenger correctly answers the riddle, then Viscount Lad and his planet of Tech will be free of his royal commitment to Queen Rita, the co-ruler of the universe. But if the challenger wrongfully answers the riddle, then she receives death by hanging in defiance of the marriage ceremony to Queen Rita, the co-ruler of the universe. Then Viscount Lad of Tech must proceed with the royal marriage arrangement to Queen Rita, the co-ruler of the universe and as, it is planned here today.”
The citizens went crazy with wild hoots, whistles, foot stomps, and cheers.
I swallowed the gathered mouth salvia that did not dump down my esophagus and as my eardrums heard those words, death by hanging. My neurons echoed these same words: death by hanging. I tenderly, out of love, grabbed my throat, massaging the dry spit down my tight esophagus, whispering with fear those same words, “Death by hanging.”
The nice elderly male forgot to mention, the death by hanging part of the challenge.
I turned a worried brow to see Rita. She smiled with a victorious wink back to the unfamiliar teen female. I sighed with fear.
The MC said to Starra. “The one, who makes it, does not use it. The one, who uses it, does not see it. The one, who sees it, does not desire it, no matter how pretty it may be.” He exhaled with a huff of enjoyment. “You have one minute or fifty seconds to answer the riddle. Good luck, citizen!” He fingered the bot, hovering next to his face.
The face plate on the bot numerically counted down backward my freaking final finale finishing fate. I didn’t like the f’s flows, ya’ll.
“One minute, until death.” I looked and whispered down to the floor, rattling the riddle in my neurons.
“Forty seconds,” the MC said.
“I wished Bot, my cute and knowledgeable trashcan, was here to help me.” I whispered with a moan, shifting my right boot in that pretend fresh pile of cow pookie. I looked up to the roof rafters, rattling the riddle in my neurons.
“Thirty seconds.”
The time on the bot tocked and rocked to my deadly dang death.
“Think. Think fast.” I looked up to the forward wall, tapping my temple for the solution to the riddle, saving my fanny from the hangman’s noose, right now, this moment of my short seventeen years of precious life.
“Twenty seconds.”
“Think faster!” I whispered with a groan, shifting my left in that pretend fresh pile of cow pookie.
“Ten seconds.”
“Nine,” all the citizens chanted in unison with the bot clock. “Eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, zero…”
I stood in my faded but cleaned jumpsuit. Each leg pant was tucked into my new black and pink animal skin cowgirl boots. I executed the meditation method which was used by my grandma, a lot.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
“The time has expired.”
The citizens in unison sounded with a groan.
“What is your answer, challenger?”
The citizens in unison sounded with a moan.
I blinked my eyelashes open like I was flirting with the ugly man, saying with a smile. “My answer is a coffin.” I swung a smile to see Rita, who prettily snarled her crooked red colored lipstick to me and as I nodded with a giggle, not dancing with my celebration, yet.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything is fine, darling.
“The challenger is correct.” The MC smiled with a nod to Rita. The citizens went wild and crazy with cheers, claps, foot stomps, whistles, and hoots.
I flung both my arms and slapped my legs, smiling with a giggle. I sighed with cheat.
Look, I wanted to keep my head on my shoulders, and I cheated, using my T-power of Telepathy and performed a Tele probe on the mind of the MC. He was holding the answer to the riddle in his neurons.
Hey, I liked living, too.
Lad smiled with a nod to Starra and turned his smirk to see Rita.
Queen Rita exhaled with a puff of annoyance and showed a sour frown to Starra, elegantly pirouetting and dragging both her fanny and her dress train back to the throne chair on the stage.
The MC smiled with an arm wave to the audience. “The challenge is completed. Viscount Lad of Tech, you are free to leave.”
I back stepped from the MC and the crowd, waving both my smile and my arms, turning and marching to a side door of gray paint on the orange painted wall.
Using my T-power of Telekinesis, I performed a Tele slap on the door, opening it and sliding out in the sun, exhaling with a puff of relieve, for my life. I marched ahead, until I hit the tender blades of a grassy park. I sighed with embarrassment.
On the 15th hour (mid-evening) inside a grassy and flower park with a day of cool temperatures and bright sunshine, I planted my two boots heels on a thicket of dark green manicured grass like a carpet, seeing rows of colorful garden and wild flowers, parking both my hands on my hips. My nostrils sounded with a snort, smelling the perfumed rose plants and as, my mind was far, far away from the noisy crowds, the vendor booths, and one angry Queen Rita.
I heard the birds singing, the frogs choking, and the tree leaves rustling in the light cool breeze. I exhaled with a puff of beauty, “Very pleasant!” I sat on the bench observing nature for fun and waiting for Bot. My metal servant was late returning with my working visa permit and my house residence paper for Agri, my new home.
“Help!” An invisible body screamed with distress, “Help!”
Jumping off bench, I searched the grassy park and saw the personette.
An elderly woman was lying over the brown dirt behind a patch of green bushes. Red blood covered her wounded arm. She appeared to be half-conscious and totally incoherent.
I slapped both my hands, using my T-power of telemetabolics (healing touch, baby), creating a Tele bubble for healing, squatting by her side. I slammed her wounded arm with both my sizzling warm hands with a pop.
The elderly woman sounded with a grunt of pain.
After 2 seconds and 3 milliseconds, I am that good, ya’ll.
Her blood stopped flowing over her fancy yellow colored gown. Her blood vessel concatenated which would allow her body functions to heal and to mend the patched vein in her arm in a couple of days.
I wiped her sweaty forehead with a cloth from her other palm.
Her blue eyes flickered open and as, her queen-sized body stirred side to side. She possessed blondish-gray hair, pale skin, and pink cheekbones. She lifted and bent at her waist, turning a grin to see Starra. “Thank you, my dear. You saved my life.”
I held her healthy forearm with both my hands. Using my T-power of telekinesis, I sorta performed a Tele lift up on her large body from the grass, saying with a worried brow. “Can you stand? I’m going to escort you to a medical facility. You need to see a physician.”
“I do not need a doctor,” the elderly woman slowly stood on her two feet, saying with a serious frown of authority. “I can walk. I need to get home. I must get home.” She pulled away from Starra, pressing down her wrinkled dress with both her palms. “Can you take me home?”
I could not ignore an injured woman. Maybe, she lived around the corner of buildings near of the grass park. I scanned using both my real eyeballs the grass park, seeing no other streets, houses or structures. But I felt her eyeballs on me and swung my sour face to her. I decided with full mercy and more fury, saying with a lady sneer. “I will. Where’s your home located, b…”
“Bonita,” she smiled to Starra.
I jerked my face to the right, looking for that pesky cockroach, which was hiding in the green bush, near the pink rose petals.
My T-powers pinged. Everything is fine, darling.
My T-powers were always freaking wrong and as, I was the true thief of her zipper. I wanted to verify, confirm, and violate…valid her personette, her stolen zipper, her dead planet of Bonita, turning a sour frown to her. “You want me to take your person, b…”
“Bonita. If you do not the coordinates, then your ship craft does. Shall we go, young lady?” She grabbed Starra by the arm, walking down the smooth sidewalk.
I looked down to the roses then the sky, then the sidewalk, and finally her nose profile. I pondered my criminal solution, saying with a sweet criminal grin. “I’m Starra. I do know the location, b…”
“Bonita.”
I rolled my eyes, looking down to see the sidewalk, strolling with Rosa, acting like a pair of old friends to her stolen ship that would take me back to the scene of my crime, on her planet Bonita. I looked and fingered to the only ship port. “This way, please!”
“Pami…”
I halted, hearing my silly name and turned to see Bot, who was hauling its heated metal to us. I was afraid Bot might accidentally reveal my secret, swinging around, running and intersecting Bot at the street crosswalk. I dragged its metal can towards the farthest, thickest, tallest tree bark.
I said with a lady growl. “Look, I am going back to Bonita…”
“Excellent, Pami!” Bot droned, exhibiting a series of new musically notes and an array of pretty colorful lights. “You possess a work visa to planet Agri, Pami. I would like to stay on planet Commerce upgrading my computer system memory. Then I will return via a supply carrier ship to planet Bonita, which will be sent down in a flight pod, very safe and effective. I will successfully land on the landing port of the Bonita castle per the building’s architectural drawings in my database.” Then Bot flew butt-hole-backwards from Starra, using its amazing astrophysics move, without hearing a verbal order from its mistress.
I gasped and giggled, pondering the question.
Why the elderly woman could not take the same star ship to her planet and then land in a supply pod on the deck of her castle also?
And I had an answer too.
The elderly woman was hurt, elder, and could not fit her queen-sized body in a pod, Starra.
So, I must fly her home while showing a little respect, as well as, some compassion and complete understanding for the elderly. I sighed with annoyance.
I stepped backwards, performing my own butt-hole-backwards astrophysics maneuver, and swung a sour face to see Rosa, extending my arm for her wobbling body support.
She grabbed Starra by the arm, saying with a giggle. “I am Lady Rosa. I live in a noble castle in the northern hemisphere of Bonita with two young teenagers, Lady Ann and Lord Dirk. The young teens were orphaned, as babies, living on Bonita, since their birth. I am their mother, tutor, and guardian…”
During our long stroll through the grassy park, I sorta grew a little bitty fonder with Rosa. She was very similar in character to my grandma, whom I missed with my friends, my plantation, and my world. I sighed with homesickness.


16th hour (early evening)
Planet Bonita: yellow and brown dead soil, trees, plants, animals
Castle setting of Lady Rosa
Blue sky with white clouds and orange pink sunset
Hot temperatures with strong winds and dry air


I rocked the zipper back and forth above a flat landing pad that was attached to the side of the building like a patio but a landing pad.
Ya’ll keep up, now!
The building was a noble castle, residing on dead planet Bonita.
Rosa sounded with a cute squeak in both emotional and physical alarm and as, I smirked and slammed the three wheels on the hard surface, like a bad pilot, which I was trying to be.
She jerked open the passenger door to vomit green puke…just kidding…restraining a truly ugly word or two…just joshing…walking in silence around the rear bumper of the zipper.
The hatch door did not open.
Using my T-power of telekinesis, I executed a T-shove with my elbow, smashing the hatch door, without Rosa seeing my fantastic feat.
The door lifted with a pop from bad hydraulics.
I slid and stood on top of a slab of rough naked concrete, seeing a wide and a tall castle with a set of really ugly dirty patio doors, concluding with both shock and surprise why my awesome T-powers was unable to detect her physical personette in her castle, this morning.
You see I crash-landed here yesterday and had not picked up her life form on the dead planet Bonita.
Because, the massive three story structure was covered in sickly brown colored and yucky yellow colored rows of thick moss, growing through the crumbling rocks up to the rooftop and coming back down to the doorstop, kinda like ugly stone moss on a rock. 
And my eyeballs saw no formal warm greeting party that was composed of the current house residents of her two teen wards. Using my Tele power of telepathy, I performed a Tele view on the interior walls, feeling two life forms, one being quite faint in my metaphysical sight.
Rosa grabbed Starra on the arm like an old friend, and moved towards a set of ugly patio doors.
Inside the parlor room, she led Starra towards a brown colored ancient parlor room.
My nostrils inflamed with the dirty stinky air, producing a sneeze and a wheeze, clearing out the dirty mucus, not covering my lips with the nasty germs of the manor either.
Lady Rosa and I pranced into a large room.
Inside the ugly room, there was a young male about sixteen or seventeen or eighteen years old or maybe, I did not really give a fart. He displayed a slender horse shaped face, featuring a flat nose, a semi-round chin, a pair of dark green eyes, and a long forehead. Red thin strands of straight hair covered his right eyeball and part of his pale ghostly white skin. The strands over the eyeball were attached to a long red ponytail that flowed down his back spine. He wore a greenish-yellow colored shirt and a pair of matching trousers, which were neatly tucked into a pair of brown knee boots.
I did not believe that the yellow and brown color combination was a cool look.
His bright red lips crooked to the left and as, his eyeballs stared at Starra in silence.
“Lord Dirk, this is Lady Starra. She is my cousin from the southern hemisphere of Bonita.” Rosa smiled with a nodding lie.
I was not her cousin or her kin and cut my eyelashes to the cheekbone of Rosa, slapping a Tele probe of my telepathy, attacking her wicked mental thoughts. She elegantly tossed up her own very strong Tele shield around her neurons. I dropped my mouth and closed it in shock, not reading her closed mind or her secretly hidden motive or her deception of Lord Dirk. I sighed with frustration.
I felt a new mental cold Tele probe that was assaulting my own brain, and swung my sour face to Dirk. He tried to scan me with his own gifted T-power of telepathy. I mentally executed a Tele flip-flop to his nasty Tele gesture, reading his open thoughts first, finding out that he hated me, and wished me dead, and questioned the second cousin theme song of Rosa.
Join the club, buddy.
Dirk droned like a bot, standing and still staring with his one exposed eyeball to Starra. “I will be leaving shortly for the rest of the evening. I will see both of you, tomorrow.” He elegantly walked way too tall at six feet and one inch on his slender frame as compared him with my petite body frame of five feet and one inch. Then, he left the ugly room.
I turned to see the nose profile of Rosa, viewing in the background an unfamiliar female at the parlor door instead. The petite pale face female halted and turned to see Rita and the new female.
Rosa smiled with a nod to her ward. “Ann, this is my cousin, Lady Starra,” she touched Starra on the arm.
“Hello, Lady Starra. Welcome to Bonita castle. I hope your visit is enjoyable here.” Ann barely breathed, blinking both her eyelashes in slow motion, like she was tired or sick or zombie tired sick and dead.
“Thank you, very much, Lady Ann. I…I think of this place as home already.” I said with a fake smile.
Ann looked frail and skinny, almost skeletal, in her body frame with an ashen complexion like a white foggy mist, rolling over a cotton field in early morning springtime.
“I…I am going to retire, Lady Rosa. I…I am not feeling well. Please excuse me,” Ann faded her words and her frail breath at the same time, turning and strolling down an empty hallway, disappearing around the wall corner.
“My dear, we will see you tomorrow.” Rosa yelled at the fleeing bony body of bones.
Tomorrow, not! My Teleclairvoyance (future event prediction, baby) said to my mental mind: That girl will not live to see the morning.
I shut out Ann, switching my neurons, turning my eyeballs to see Rosa. She had lots of answers to my many puzzled and concerned questions. I sighed with inquisitiveness.
“Walk with me across the hallway, my dear.” Rosa pulled Starra to the archway.
I rolled my eyes, tumbling out the archway, looking up to the ceiling, down to the floor, around the wall corners. Using my T-power of teleclairvoyance, I performed a Tele peek-a-boo around the far end of the hallway, seeing duller and faded brown paint and matching destroyed wallpaper, concluding Rosa needed a team of interior house designers, painters, and carpenters, too work. Use, abuse, and excuse the pun, ya’ll.
The room held walls of book stacks, book shelves, and zillions of books, hanging in three walls of the room. The library also showed a comfy brown sofa for reading, a wooden desk and a padded chair for writing. The only naked wall was made of glass windows with a bleak yellow and brown colored dead world of Bonita. I sighed with homesickness.
Planet Earth would eventually look similar to this world, all dry brown dead. I wished to go back home, helping my farm and my friends plan the outer space trip and returning back here to planet Bonita, before not surviving the radiated poisoned atmosphere.
Rosa moved to the sofa, dragging Starra by the hand.
I felt a drifting batch of serene, calm, and warm emotions bombard my neurons. The bombardment came from Rosa, not my raw jumbled and angry nerve endings. However, she did not seem to know about my identity, my originals, and my alien. I sat with on the sofa. I sighed with secret.
Rosa twirled and landed on the dusty chair, smiling with a nod to Starra. “My dear, I have a confession to make to you. I know who you are.”
I gasped, pointing up to the ceiling that represented Earth, sorta. “Ya mean?”
“You came from planet Earth in the flaming star ship which crash landed here on Bonita.”
She touched Starra on the hand, smiling with a nod. “Do not worry, my dear. Your little secret is safe with me. No one else knows what you are. We want it to remain that way. Earthlings are not well received in this galaxy.”
I dropped my mouth and drooled on my bottom lip, wiping it with my hand, looking down to my new cowgirl boots. My stomach violently flip-flopped at being discovered so quickly as the threatening alien. I looked up to see her, saying with a worried brow. “What gave me away? Am I so transparent to your people with my appearance and my behavior?”
“Your pretty appearance is acceptable as a citizen of this universe. But I will add that your irrational and your unpredictable behavior is both very unique and unacceptable for a proper Bonitian noble. We will work on your teenly attitude.” Rosa grinned with an evil chuckle, touching Starra on the arm.
I freaked out totally, pulling from her soft touch and waving my arms and legs, like a freaked out teen. “The ship, I was flying. You recognized your zipper, I was flying.” I shook my bangs in my eyeballs.
“I have special abilities, like you.” Rosa smirked without teeth.
I slapped my hands over my dirty jumpsuit, exhaling with a puff of frustration. “You are, like me.” I said with a sour frown as a teen earthling not native girl. My neurons ignited with brilliance. I stared and studied her healing…naw…healed wound. I gasped, fingering her arm. “The injury to your arm in wooded park, it was an experiment. You were testing me.” I looked up and sounded with a lady growl at her.
“You have a very quick mind, my dear. I had to be certain.” Rosa smiled.
I said with a lady snarl. “You could have died, if I had failed and…”
“Ah, the point, you did not. We are alike in more ways than one.” She clapped and stood, moving to the wall. “We must begin your lessons.”
“What type of lessons and in what topic, ma’am?” I stood with a lady sneer.
“My lessons will teach you to become a member of this galaxy and a proper lady of Bonita.”
I accidentally kicked my boot in the wrinkled old rug, sounding with a moan, and surrendered my cat fight. I must fit in, somewhere, between the two suns, the Wall, Dirk, and Rosa in one of the two universes.
Rosa elegantly walked in her ankle-length dress to the shelf and pulled a red colored big book from the book stack, moving to a desk, placing it on top of writing desk. She gently tapped on the book, smiling with a nod to the book. “You must read this manual from cover to cover. The book details life, in this galaxy, from the beginning of time.”
I stomped to the desk and occupied the padded chair, flipping to the last page in the extra thick manual, because I liked to cheat and complain, all at the same time. And then I did so, looking up with a sour frown to see her. “This book contains over 5,000 pages.”
“5,303 pages to be exact, I hope you enjoy reading.” Rosa said with a giggle, swinging and leaving the room.
I turned to see her fanny and an empty hallway, rolling my eyes. I sighed with defeat.
I swung my sour face to the torn leather cover, opening the book to page one. I giggled, “The Beginning. It spells, says, and reads the words, The Beginning.” I flipped each page fast forward, scanning from page one to page 1,200, meekly saying in the room, “Done, Rosa!” I slammed the book closed and opened it back up to page one.
I passionately hated homework and tests, hoping Rosa did not return with a series of questions about the data and my studying habits, because I will not be able to answer them.
The book contained zillions of useless trivial and useful data that I had learned already, mama, during myself tutoring session at the empty Bonita warehouse, which was located in the southern hemisphere, with the multiple television screens. I also learned some new and exciting additional information from Bot, when I was sleeping in the soft bed mattress on planet Resort.
The new galaxy contained two yellow suns, nine colorful planets, the Wall, and a handful of noble families, who owned one planet for both profit and greed. All the noble ancestors were listed by birth, by baptism, and by death that was actually blotted in somebody’s ugly and terrible handwriting. I said with a giggle. “I can’t make out any dates, Rosa. Whatever.” I flipped the pages over to a new section, seeing the word, commoners.
I started reading.
The common class or commoners lived their entire life from a birth to a death on a single planet. They were realized and recognized as “property” like a plot of land, a hoof of livestock, and a piece of pookie used toilet paper.
I turned more pages. I sighed with anger.
I did not like ownership of slaves as servants. I owned a farm that worked sorta with the same concept of servant labor. Except, my farm staff depended on my land, my food, and my money to survive the harsh Earth toxins while living on one single planet in their own house.
Okay, that statement sounded like slavery, but not.
And I understood the urge to travel to a different world with a working space craft, pondering that people might want to explore more of the unknown galaxy rather than be settled down on their birth world, all their life, unlike an earthling, who lived on one planet from a birth to a death.
There were numerous entries both handwritten and typed in different font settings, which updated the old pages and added some new pages, making the dang red colored book weigh about 4,000 pounds or two tons or a big fib.
I skipped around some of the selected pages, showing numerous different categories, and stopped.
One of the most fascinating facts, the earliest people were descended from planet Earth and traveled through the same wormhole, like me. They populated this universe a million years ago, unlike me.
I turned to see the yellow and brown dead dirt, showing outside the low windows, saying with a giggle. “Since this galaxy is one million years older than planet Earth. Does that make me one million years older or a negative million years younger?” I turned back to see the book, flipping the pages for fun.
The math pages of 1,250 to 2,300 had been violently ripped out of the book binder. The next page was 2,301 shown in the non-proper sequence. I said with a giggle. “Chocolate chip recipes, gone forever, Rosa.”
“Your presence is required for dinner.” Dirk droned and stood in the doorway.
I thought he left me, the room, the castle, the planet, and the universe, whipping my happy face to him. “Thanks, Dirk!”
He crossed both his silk greenish-yellow colored sleeves over the same colored shirt, exhibiting the same mean move as Queen Rita. I wondered, if they were related by DNA or something evil. And he physically showed no emotion, as a living room wall like Queen Rita, too.
I cheated, again.
Using my T-power of telepathy, I performed a Tele probe with my slick Tele scan in his little gray brain matter, touching nothing.
He blocked my Tele probe with his swift Tele bubble, saying with a nasty sneer. “I prefer, Lord Dirk, if you don’t mind.”
I did not teen sneer back, but I did a girly giggle with a smile. “Of course, if you prefer, Lord Dirk.” I screwed up the word order for fun, making some new unfriends both fast and furious in the universe, for danger. Dirk pivoted, leaving the ugly archway and the second cousin Starra. I softly whispered. “Goodbye, Lord Dirk, the jerk!” She giggled. “Lord Creep is more like it…” I gasped with wonderment of a mental scary thought that someone else might possess the same special T-powers of Rosa and Dirk. I exhaled with a puff of non-interest, standing from the desk, skipping out the room, down the hallway, and located the only lighted room in the big dark mansion.
On the 17th hour (early evening) inside the dining room with warm temperatures with sunrise, the large and overstated dining room accommodated a long rectangular table and eighteen padded chairs. Rosa sat at the head like a queen, but she is a duchess…naw…a lady.
I scooted to my left and stepped to my right, sitting next to a blue colored fluffy floor-length ball dress. The dress occupied the head rest and went down to the legs in a seat, alone. I looked around the empty room for more invited guests, sitting in the chair. 
Rosa stared at her food. “Ann will not be joining us. She has retired for the evening. Dirk is going out.” She spooned the soup with her elegantly manners.
I whipped the napkin in my lap and elegantly lifted, with my southern manners, a forkful of meat in my mouth.
She said. “Tomorrow is an important day for you, my dear. We are attending the Game on Commerce. Ann insisted you borrow one of her lovely frocks for the occasion as you are a newcomer to the event.” Rosa ate her soup with a slurp. I ate my soup with a slurp and as, my mind raced with red book facts.
Rosa and I met on the planet of Commerce, home of King Rex and Queen Rita, the ruling noble Royal family. I mentally fast forwarded through the different subjects during my quick-draw homework assignments, not reading about a game. I asked to be nice, because I did not really give a fart. I turned with a fake smile to see her. “I’ve not gotten that far in my reading assignment or lesson or whatever. What is the game?”
“The wonderful highlight of the week, for all citizens, a sporting event for socializing with all the nobles and a few commoners, if they happen to attend the same parties.” Rosa ate her soup with a slurp.
How wonderfully boring, ya’ll. “Parties?” I cut my eyelashes down to the blue puff ball on my left side, tenth rib cage with a soft sneer. I understood the word, party. But I had never attended one here. I suddenly realized that I missed an important item in my brief studying a few hours or minutes or seconds ago. So, I had more research to do later tonight.
“King Rex will attend with his lovely daughter Queen Rita. I must also introduce you to the baron, the baronetess, the prince, the princess, the count, the countess…” She talked and ate at the same time, an amusing trick. Starra ate and listened, a more amusing treat.
Rosa was a most native of the new planet and galaxy as she acted like a teacher-preacher to Starra, an authority-figure to Dirk, and a motherly mama to Ann. She possessed a very unique personality along with some unusual colorful characters in her social noble and noblette circle here in the new galaxy.
I ate my soup with a slurp and make a burp out of bad habit. Rosa turned a sour frown to see Starra in silence, standing and tossing her abused cloth napkin in her used plate. I turned a sad pout to her. “I am sorry.” I scooted my used plate and my abused cloth napkin in the middle of the table too, finishing the delicious night meal.
I stood upright from the chair with a fake smile and reached over, grabbing the gown, spinning around, and followed behind Rosa. She turned, talked, and strolled, guiding over the floor in her elegant ball gown, to the staircase. I scratched my hair, elegantly tripping on the twisted dress train between my cowgirl boots, using my T-power of telekinesis, and performed a Tele balance, keeping my body upright, without smashing my face down to the hard floor.
Rosa continued to elegantly walk in her greenish-yellow colored prom dress, going up the staircase. I rustled the long dress in the air and ran up the stairs, catching up with her dress hem, marching beside her. She stepped onto the top floor, walking down an empty hallway, and posed her hand on the first door knob, opening the door.
I looked down to an empty hallway, seeing the rest of the doors behind my fanny were brown colored, first and closed, second, looking suspicious and smelling musty. I swung a fake smile to Rose and tossed my new fluffy friend over my collar bone, entering the room in silence.
She smiled with a nod. “Good night, my dear. We depart on the sixth hour, early morning for the Game.” Rosa reminded for the hundredth time like Starra could not tell time or could count to six or was not an adult. Then, she closed the door.
I marched the dress straight to the mirror and stared in the mirror, holding the baby blue ribbons and bows to my body, looking pretty. However, I had recalled watching a few sporting events performed at the Hunts-Bama biosphere on Earth, in which, people never dressed like this.
Tomorrow would be an entertaining day. I sighed with anticipation.
Alien Day Six


Planet Bonita
Private chamber setting of Starra
Blue sky, white clouds and yellow sun
Hot temperatures, light winds and moist air
6th hour (late morning)


I accidentally had overslept on top of the soft comfortable bed mattress from both the sheer emotional and the physical exhaustion of exciting events of yesterday. Bot had hovered above the floor and whistled in her eardrum, the only exposed body part of Starra underneath the greenish-yellow colored bed covers. I had dreamt of a girl, who had piloted her first solo intergalactic ship to another world, had won a poker game worth 1,000,000 currs, had saved the neck of a viscount, had defeated the wicked queen of the universe, and finally had rescued a noble lady in distress, all in one day.
I rolled towards the loud whistle and opened my eyelashes. A hovering trashcan with no emotion or expression blocked my eye view. I cut my encrusted sleepy crumbs and my eyelashes to the clock that brightened in the belly of Bot, seeing the sixth hour, early morning, plus some additional minutes. “Dang, I’m late.” I said with a moan like I had stepped my right cowgirl boot in that pretend pile of horse pookie. My lazy neurons mentally remembered that the plan was to leave in the star ship and get off planet Bonita at the sixth hour, early morning for the Game.
In my sleepy head, I pondered why the letter G was capitalized on the word, Game.
I stood, stretching and yawning, and ordered to my personal metal spy as I was the alien here in this fairy tale, “Bot, please set up scan mode while I’m out of my chambers and record everything. Understand?”
The comlen on Bot blinked in capital green colored letters: AFFIRMATIVE.
I moved to the closet and dressed, struggling to get my big skull through that tight hole, getting the gown down to my naked feet, after hearing a soft whish. I tossed my shoulder length messy hair outward, like a witch, and slipped on my shoes. I grabbed the matching blue accessories, such as, the waist gloves, the hand fan, and the hair tiara, and dashed out my bedroom door.
I stomped down the stairs in my new cool cowgirl boots to an empty living room and ran to the occupied foyer. I sighed with happiness.
Dirk was there tapping out a really weird musical rhythm with his left boot toe on the sensitive tile and as, he danced with himself, alone, hugging both his arms around his…the same greenish-yellow silk shirt from yesterday. His cape also swayed in the opposite rhythm across his collar bone from the mechanic blowing air-conditioning vent, not his natural windy vent.
And then he added his own set of special nasal effects with both a snarl and a sneer.
I said with a smile and a nod in my honeysuckle southern language that was truly different from the English language. “Good morning, ya’ll!”
Dirk stopped the weird music plus the nasty snarls, dropping his mouth open, reaching with his wiggling fingers for Starra.
I gasped with my earthling mistake, jerking my worried brow to the wall corner, looking for that creepy cockroach.
Rosa slapped her fan with a pop on the arm of Dirk and jerked it in the air, shaking her curls, pressing her purple gown with both her hands, “Manners, children. We need to board the ship. Pbot drives.” She elegantly swung around in her prom dress, leading her wards, wearing a white shawl over her shoulders, a pair of white gloves over her arms and her hands, a purple colored fan in her hand, and a bigger diamond tiara on her crown than Starra.
I trailed behind Dirk with a giggle and glanced behind my collar bone with a frown, searching and finding nothing.
Rosa led to the garage. “Ann will not be joining us today.”
Lady Ann was not present for our space trip to planet Commerce and something strange was different in the Bonita household, this new morning. Using my T-power of telepathy, I performed a Tele scan for Ann, noting her presence was absent from my natural eyeballs, and her essence was gone from my metaphysically eyesight. And I strongly suspected that her physical body was not present in her room either.
We boarded a carrier star ship that accommodated six people and eight pieces of luggage that was piloted a robot, not a noble. I sat in the rear bench with Rosa. Dirk was in the front passenger seat with the pilot.
The pilot was a silver tinted cylinder shape like another garage trashcan robot too. Pbot or pilot robot wiggled its two metal limbs on the steering device, blasted off the landing pad of the castle up and in cold dark outer space, and soared through the bright stars.
The nobles jerked back and forward in the fabric webbing and as, Rosa patted Starra on the arm with her pretty fan.


Planet Commerce: yellow cobblestone street, colorful castles
Castle of Lady Rosa
Patio setting of Rosa and Starra
Blue sky, white clouds and yellow sun
Cool temperatures, light winds and moist air


Pbot glided and docked the carrier ship on a second floor landing pad at a new castle that was owned by Lady Rosa too.
Rose talked into my earlobe off and then slapped my arm into numbness during the ten-minute space trip.
The hatched doors opened.
Now, I knew all about the universe, except how to properly launch and land a zipper. My piloting skills were both raw and crude while trying to fly an unfamiliar sophisticated star ship. I was a cave woman living in outer space. I sighed with old age.
Ship travel was the norm here providing a secure and a safe mode of transportation, where a ship jumped from one planet to another planet between the twin solar systems through a freaking rock wall.
I decided that one of more powerful star ships was my easy answer for leaving here, returning back home through the colorful wormhole, and landing on my farm on planet Earth. I sighed with deception.
Dirk and Rosa moved out the ship and disappeared from my eyesight, entering a dark archway.
I stumbled over my right cowgirl boot out the hatch door, beautifully tripping on the dress, hearing another whish. I stood upright, dragging the dress train over the rough patio, collecting both bug parts and dried leaves. My eyeballs absorbed the outer walls of the castle of beautiful chartreuse greenish-yellow colored stones, a dramatic contrast to the Bonita mortuary, where someone’s death continued to warm or warn it. I sighed with horror.
The presence of numerous live gardens bloomed in pink, red, purple, blue, and yellow colors in both flowers and vines. My nostrils smelled both living plants and small animals, such as, doves, pigeons, squirrels, and rabbits.
The new castle was a squared shape, three stories high, and a flat roof. A three feet high stone wall edged the perimeter of the ground courtyard and gardens in chartreuse greenish-yellow colors too.
I galloped on my new cowgirl boots and slammed open the patio door, standing in the archway, seeing an open space of numerous yellow-green painted rooms, also, a living room and a dining room on the downstairs level.
The living room held a long sofa and two matching chairs in chartreuse colors also. There were no ugly wall paintings or lovely art work pieces or happy family pictures in the big spacey room. There was a small three-tiered bookshelf holding numerous tiny glass figurines in the wall corner, an intersection of the west and south walls. I sighed with chartreuse (greenish-yellow color).
Pbot looked down to Starra on top of the central staircase and droned, “Lady Starra, this way to your living suite.”
I hiked the dress up to my exposed kneecaps and tromped up the first step of the staircase.
Pbot served a set of multiple duties to Rosa as a pilot, a butler, a maid, and a spy, like much, Bot was performing the same duties in her private quarters on Bonita for Starra. I sighed with secret.
I darted up three more steps and neatly tripped on the dress hem, again, grabbing my falling body with a Tele balance, guiding my body up and over the polished wooden planks with a Tele ride, accessing both my T-power of telekinesis and telemetabolics for any air sickness. I sighed with multi-tasking.
Pbot flew butt-hole-backwards and hauled its heated metal toward the end of an empty corridor, leaving Starra on the stairs.
I dropped my dress hem over my boots and continued a Tele ride over the stairs and the top floor, elegantly performing a Tele guide through the air a couple of inches from the polished wooden floor, following Pbot.
Pbot halted, hovered, and metal pointed one of its steel limbs to an open door on the side of an empty hallway.
I darted my eyeballs side to side to the walls, seeing greenish-yellow paint, without any furniture, furnishings, or family members. “Where’s Dirk? Where’s Rosa?” I whispered for my eardrums only. I turned to see the door, entering a new room and a new world, feeling both excited and exhausted. I sighed with adventure.
Pbot slammed the door closed.
I executed a Tele hover over the floor, scanning the room. Rosa was not talented, like my grandma, for interior designing. My room was a chartreuse color also.
I slowly performed a Tele spin around and around my new room, seeing the chartreuse colors on the walls, down in the carpet, over the bed covers and bed curtains, up on the ceiling, and the licking all the wooden sitting, sleeping, and storage furniture pieces. Okay, it was only dang color in the paint store on planet Commerce, last week.
I executed a Tele swirl and a Tele flop on top of my new bed mattress in my tight dress, wearing my elbow length gloves and my other beauty girly accessories. I closed my eyelashes, exhaling with a puff of exhaustion.
Life was too busy, too hectic, and too secretive, here. I sighed with homesickness.
The window glass rattled and echoed with a series of jumping, spinning, and ear splitting loud musical tones of rhythm.
I pulled up my torso and propped on my elbows, grunting in the tight bodice that was choking my lungs. I rolled to the left and stood breathlessly, trying to snip molecules of oxygen back down my tight esophagus. I waddled, cutie-pie-like, to the north directional window.
A parade of numerous marching bands, tons of exotic people, lots of colorful balloons, dots of fantastic floats, many performing musicians, and batches of jiggling dancers slowly moved down the yellow colored cobblestone street to somewhere.
I smiled and swung my hips and my arms, tapping to the infectious drum rolls and tooting flutes, photographing the pretty outdoor picture with my eyeballs.
Pbot droned behind the closed door of my private quarters, “Time to leave, Lady Starra!”
“Coming!” I swung around, humming with the music, dancing side to side for fun.
The door opened.
A pair of baby blue colored three inched heel sandals attacked my nose that was held by the two metal limbs of Pbot and as, I back stepped in shock. Pbot extended the object to Starra, like a live Agri rattlesnake.
I understood that my cute cowgirl boots stayed home for this magic carpet ride today, until I could con Rosa into my way of teen thinking. I sighed with teen-ness.
I snatched the pretty sandals, back stepped and hit the soft mattress with my legs, sitting and jerking one snuggle boot at a time off, replacing with an airy single leather strap over my five naked toes and a spiked heel underneath my heel.
I stood, wobbling to the left, twisting around and hitting the mattress with all ten fingers, but I finally landed on my kneecaps in violent pain, not falling on my face.
I softly cursed and stood, swinging with a sour face to see Pbot. It hovered in the archway, belonging to Rosa, not me, and obeyed all vocal commands from Rosa, not me.
I sounded with a lady snarl to Pbot and jerked my dress up and out of my footpath, hearing another whish. I stepped on my right sandal and balanced both spiked fashion heels until steady, slowly shifting a left sandal then a right one and then halted, facing the window.
Yeah, the wrong direction, girl.
I exhaled with a puff of my non-victory.
I slowly turned a sour face and some of the long dress to see Pbot. The robot showed no emotion or support to Starra. I stepped forward on my right sandal then my left sandal and then my right sandal, performing a Tele balance, keeping my body both upright and uptight, but I did snail-walk out the room, down the hallway, and descended down the stairs like a southern belle.
I followed Pbot around a wall corner, through an empty dining room, in a clean kitchen, strolling to a closed door.
Pbot opened the wooden door, revealing a long metal barge. The barge was covered in thick ruffles of chartreuse material in the middle of a garage. Both Rosa and Dirk were perched on the top tier, like a bride and a groom both wearing their scary face “what have I done, now.”
I smiled with a giggle, walking down the steps to the barge.
Rosa frowned with her coral-tinted lips and pointed with her gloved finger to a small chair on the second tier, saying with a rushed tone. “We have to get in line for the royal parade route, Starra.”
I jerked my dress up to my kneecaps, performing a subtle Tele jump, flying off the floor and on the first step of the ladder that was three feet high.
Dirk stared at Starra and parted his lips in shock.
I scooted around the edge of the barge, sitting in my new princess throne chair, smiling with a giggle, fluffing the dress around my ankles and my sandals for a comfortable princess pose.
Pbot hid in the pilot cockpit behind a wall of chartreuse ruffles, igniting the mechanical engines, moving the barge to the cobblestone street. The barge joined the rolling line, as the last vehicle, creating the caboose of the floating noble parade. I sighed with excitement.


Stadium: blue color paint, thirteen stories tall
Bonita skybox setting
Cool air, light winds and bright sunshine
7th hour (late morning)


The happy smiling citizens waved friendly with both their hands or tossed hundreds of colorful hard candy bits in each float with one hand or throw individual colored flowers in each float with no hands, because a line of robots were tossing the fresh flowers. I sighed with weirdness.
I sat inside and behind a short tiny wooden fence covered in thick ruffles of chartreuse that protected my body from both harm and charm and as, the barge floated in the air to the big blue painted stadium structure which stood thirteen stories high.
Other happy smiling citizens flowed to the stadium veering to the right or to the left for their assigned seats.
Pbot mysteriously parked the Bonita barge on a quite abandoned street that was located on the south side of stadium’s main entrance gates out of sight also.
Using my T-power of telekinesis, I performed a Tele lift and a Tele land on the vanilla colored smooth sideway, slowly waddling forward in my tight dress, walking behind both Rosa and Dirk.
They departed out the barge and disappeared from my eyesight, again, entering a curvy archway of a dark tunnel.
I narrowed my eyelashes, seeing that the tunnel exit led to sunlight on the other side, strolling forward, tripping four times on the dress hem with a set of numerous whishes, but I executed a Tele save and a Tele lift, catching my body, before an ugly accident with my nose. I halted at the end of tunnel in bright sunshine and blinked and adjusted my eyelashes out of double vision.
The MC said via the hidden comfone speakers (audio device) that were attached to the comfones (visual devise), “Presenting, the Bonita noble family Lady Rosa, Lord Dirk, and Lady Starra.”
Rosa waved with her right glove and smiled to the cheering citizens.
Dirk ignored the loud noise, turning to the right and as, his silly kneecap cape bellowed in the wind, like a superhero, not.
I copycatted Rosa, waving with my right glove, whipping it slowly side to side, smiling in the sunshine. I sighed with adventure.
Pbot flew his metal can towards the left, metal finger pointing to the assigned Bonita skybox and the reserved seats.
Rosa turned toward the right and then disappeared from my eyesight, again, like Dirk.
I concentrated on walking in the tiny baby steps, not tripping on the dress hem, again, in front of the entire galaxy.
Pbot turned and flew up twenty-seven rows of concrete steps, halting on the step, metal pointing to a small squared shaped wooden skybox painted in greenish-yellow colors (that’s chartreuse). The skybox was located, not very close to the playing field of the Game.
I turned, jerked my dress hem up to my kneecaps, and struggled up the twenty-seven steps, breathing in huffs and hearing more whishes but I finally arrived inside an empty skybox. I exhaled with a puff, sitting in my wrinkled and torn gown on a hard metal chair, not smiling at the pretty manicured green field, without colored wildflowers. I fiddled with dress and covered the holes with my long and useless dress train that was covered in bug guts and dried leaves too and as, the useless and dirty dress train hid all the ugly and un-pretty rips and tears also.
I exhaled with a puff of frustration, seeing that the other citizens were laughing or eating or drinking or doing something else, not watching the Game.
The exposed Bonita skybox provided an excellent view, and as I looked up to see tons of white clouds, a yellow sun, and a blue sky, and looking down to the manicured grass, the muscular players, and the well-dressed nobles, who were in the air conditioned, colorfully painted wall, and completed covered skybox, not needing to read that red book for that information, either.
My Tele eyeballs verified and confirmed that they were in their individual colored painted and air conditioned skyboxes and as, they ate, drunk, laughed with fun.
Pbot served an expanded umbrella and a cloth napkin to Starra as she was the only occupant of the Bonita skybox, snatching the napkin. It floated down the steps away from Starra.
I rolled my eyes, looking down to see its metal back side, waving the napkin, “Hey, trashcan! Where’s the cold beverage? I got a napkin with no drink.”
Pbot was parked two tiers below Starra, sitting in one of the empty hard metal chairs too, and droned. “The napkin is for the rolling sweat coming off your top lip.”
“What?”
The comlens (visual screens) flicked on with a hiss. The comfones (audio speakers) sounded with a crack. The Master of Ceremony said, sitting in one of the upper skyboxes. “Nobles, mistresses and masters! Please rise for our beloved royal noble rulers King Rex and Queen Rita of the Universe!” The band of musicians played a rousing fanfare with musical notes of toots and bongs. Rex and Rita marched from a dark tunnel and stood in their royal skybox, where the walls were purple tinted and displayed a roof covered balcony. They waved with a hand, a skull, and a smile and sat in a pair of matching gold throne chairs, hearing the wild claps, foot stomps, hoots, and whistles of the citizens.
I sounded with a snort for the royals, still assessing the planet, the people, and the princess…naw…queen. I sighed with evaluation.
My grandma enjoyed watching sports on the communication globe back home on Earth with Ming and his relatives at our house every Sunday afternoon. They also performed hoots, hollers, and hisses at the game, the players, and the officials. However, I was very entertained in the fun of watching them, not the game.
Now, I missed those funny behaviors about my Earth family, ringing the cloth napkin between my gloved hands, holding back both the sniffs and sobs. I sighed with homesickness.
Everything ain’t fine. My T-power pinged.
I gasped with shock and as my hands rose and slapped a flying paper booklet that had been tossed up by Pbot. I slammed the booklet down to my dress and rolled my eyeballs, looking down and flipping to the first page, reading the Iceman Snowmen versus the Sahara Golden Warriors, smiling at the creative names.
The Game official blew a whistle.
I looked up to the playing field. An iceman player wore a white colored suit of protective covering and the warrior player was dressed in golden tinted armor of protective clothing. Each player wore a helmet over a skull. The hands, arms, and shoulder pads covered the upper torso coupled with all the legs, kneecaps, and shin pads were strapped down and protected the lower body parts. Thirteen players bleed and died on each team, during the Game.
I gasped with shock, re-reading the sentence again. The booklet had those words typed between the pages in red colored ink: Thirteen players bleed and died on each team, during the Game.
A series of drum rolls alerted the citizens to the start of the Game and as, they cheered in an off-key unison. “Go!”
The huge comlens (visual screens) were located in each wall between the rows of bleaches for viewing the previous field action play, allowing the foto (picture) to rerun and repeat it over and over again for both the eardrums and the eyeballs. A comlen was a very powerful tool in the sporting game, showing a mistake over and over again that displayed on the television-like screen.
So, I concluded that I would never want any of my errors shown and displayed over and over again, for these vicious and rude mannered citizens on one of the huge comlens.
The citizens went crazy with wild yells and shouts at the grunting players on the field.
A solo iceman kicker hit the oval ball high in the air and a single warrior caught it.
The citizens went crazy with wild cheers and claps.
The warrior galloped on his padded legs down the middle of crowded grassy field, junking his flexible body to the left, going around the iceman player. Then he cut back to the right as another iceman pounced on top of the golden warrior.
The comfone picked up the snapping leg bone of the golden warrior and as, the citizens sounded with a grunt in pain too.
I gasped, covering my lips with horror.
The ball flew out of the hands of the golden warrior and dropped down to the grass.
The citizens went crazy with wild yells and shouts again.
The iceman scooped up the ball and ran to the white colored end zone.
The citizens went crazy with wild cheers, vicious boos, and steady claps.
I did not understand the process flipping around the tiny booklet, looking for some answers. I sighed with confusion.
“A most exhilarating performance today, would you not agree?” A bass timber softly assaulted her left eardrum. She turned with her smile to see the most beautiful pair of gray colored eyes. The eyes belonged to the most handsome face with dark tinted skin and shoulder lengthy blonde hair, with a charming sweet smile too. The bass timber rumbled into her face. “Hello, I am Baron Bartholomew. It is an honor to meet you, Lady Starra.” He bowed at his waist with both noble respect and gentlemanly manners, lifted his chest, and presented his gloved hand to her.
I smiled with a giggle to his face.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything is fine, darling.
My active mind slowly clicked and as, my heart quickly raced. My neurons echoed the word, protocol. I almost stood, but I continued to sit as a noblette lady recalling the noble etiquette in that monstrous red colored book, last night.
A lady noblette remained seated, extending a gloved hand to a male noble.
I slowly extended my gloved hand to him.
The baron tenderly kissed my glove, delicately holding my five fingers, a little longer than officially allowed by the rule book. His cloth and his closeness touch felt a physical and a mental warmth which pulsated through both of our shared mental and physical emotions, without using any of my special T-powers. Both grace and warmth flowed through my glove and straight to my guarded heart. I said with a smile and a giggle. “The honor is mine, Baron Bartholomew of the planet Agri.” I sighed with confidence.
Formal title, good for me.
Now, I required some additional assistance, not bothering to read about the rest of the proper lady noblette behavior at a public social function in the book. Geez, I only viewed the pretty colored glossy pictures, until bedtime, being a teen. So I would accept a few helpful noble tips from a sneering Dirk, if he was present. I sighed with concern.
“Starra!” Dirk sung in his off-key tenor in the right eardrum of Starra.
I turned a sour frown to see Lord Creep, who stood beside the second most dashing man in the universe.
Rann proudly displayed his bejeweled golden tinted sleeveless and shirtless vest jacket. The vest split down the middle, showing off his twin rippling dark tinted biceps and triceps and his exposed naked dark tinted chest. He wore a pair of matching golden colored trousers tucked into a pair of polished brown colored knee boots. He possessed a pair of brown dancing pupils, a closely cropped head of black curly hair, a face of black dusted whiskers, and a pink lip smirk, without showing any teeth.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
“Rann,” he sung in a sexy baritone with a nod and extended his naked hand to Starra.
I faked a smile, slowly extending my other gloved hand to Rann. He barely touched the blue silk, making his nakedness feel both cold and piercing to my body. I raised with alarm my Tele shield over my brain, blocking a penetrating cold wave of frozen energy, coming from his Tele body too. His open mind was both chilling and cooling, too, echoing throughout my metaphysical body. I regarded Rann and his metaphysical essence as evil. I sighed with doom. 
Rann released her gloved hand.
I turned with a worried brow to see Bartholomew, who was not smiling and sounding with a soft growl. His gray eyes scanned in red alert caution mode at both Rann and Dirk.
I turned with a worried brow to see Rann again.
Rann rumbled in a sexy deep baritone to her. “Lady Starra, I hope you will consider and come as my guest, tonight, at the post party for my victorious team on my home world of Sahara.”
I gasped.
The Game started ten minutes ago.
“She would be delighted to attend. We would not want to insult a very important noble, such as, Prince Rann. Would we, Starra?” Dirk said with a wicked grin to Starra.
I turned with a worried brow to see Bartholomew, who only stared at Rann with a soft sneer.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
“I…” did not know what to say, pleading for mental help from kind and sweet Bartholomew.
“I assume your invitation includes all parties accompanying the lovely Lady Starra, Rann?” Bartholomew said with a wicked smirk to Rann.
I turned with a worried brow to see Rann.
Rann stared at Starra, cutting his eyelids to Bartholomew, saying with an evil grin. “All parties, accompanying Lady Starra, are most welcome to my victory celebration on Sahara, BA.”
Bartholomew turned with his smile to see the nose profile of Starra. “What’s your address, Lady Starra?”
I looked to see Bartholomew. He slowly nodded for me to accept.
I turned to see Dirk. He nodded to accept.
I turned to see Rann. He nodded to accept. Then I meekly whispered for all eardrums to hear. “I accept.”
Bartholomew chuckled and clapped with his happiness, turning with his smirk to see Rann. “Excellent, Lady Starra! Both she and I will see you this evening at your victory party, Rann.”
I turned with a shocked face to see Bartholomew.
Dirk sounded with a low sneer to Bartholomew.
Rann bowed to the lady noblette. “Lady Starra, enjoy your afternoon.” He back stepped from the skybox, spinning around and leaving with Dirk.
I turned with a raised eye brow to see Rann and watched them leave my eyesight, turning with a confused frown to see Bartholomew.
Bartholomew watched Dirk and Rann. They moved around the far corner and disappeared. He turned and smiled at Starra. “I must return to my skybox for the rest of the Game, but I will see you at Rann’s castle, this evening, Lady Starra.” He kissed and released her glove, smiling with a nod, swinging around and leaving Starra, alone, in the Bonita skybox again.
Inside the royal skybox with King Rex, Rosa sat next to a short and bald male, who wore a silly purple colored crown and a purpled colored cape on the front bench. His daughter Rita had vanished to socialize with the other young teens.
“The battle is coming.” Rosa tapped her fingers on concrete railing, looking with a sour frown to see his nose profile.
“Heed your words, old woman! Or it is off to the gallows with ye!” Rex laughed and watched the Game.
Rosa shook her curls, saying with a sour frown. “Don’t tease me, Rex, now! I have discovered the catalyst.”
Rex turned with both his smile and his dancing eyeballs to see her. “What is it?”
“The female named Starra.” Rosa said with a sour frown.
Rex gasped, saying with a shocked face. “A girl is the catalyst. How is this possible, Rosa? The book states it is a phenomenon, not a person.”
“She is a very young alien, a teenager from planet Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy.”
He gasped. “Teen alien, one of its kind came from Earth is here. Why didn’t you destroy it, Rosa? Why are you here at the Game? This is your job which is why you are the protector of the wormhole.”
“I have told you before, Rex. My powers are weak and are growing weaker day-by-day, like your magic. We need to train more citizens to replace me…us.” Rosa said with a sour frown.
“Stop your babbling, old woman, and continue with your story.” Rex smiled and watched the Game.
“The teen alien landed on Bonita and stole the zipper, before I could kill her. I trapped her here. She won the conqueror tournament and then solved the riddle for Lad. She has been seen by all the citizens and all the nobles, now. Starra cannot be harmed, now. She is too well known and has friends on both sides of the Wall, now.” Rosa said with an arrogant smirk.
“I understand your dilemma, Rosa.”
“What are we going to do, Rex?”
“I do not know.” Rex exhaled with a huff of worry and watched the Game.
On the 9th hour (late morning) inside the Bonita skybox within cool air and cold winds of bright sunshine, I purposefully fretted about the upcoming victory party and sweated in the heat on my face, in my gloved hands, and under my armpits. Dirk, Rann, and Bartholomew had politely abandoned me to both the sun and my worry. I was happy to have a neutral friend attend the party, but Prince Rann mysteriously seemed to be the most pleased with the final outcome over my mellow fellow Bartholomew. I sighed with trepidation.
I tried using my T-power of telemetabolics (body healing) to both calm my raw nerves and disguise the body odor that lingered underneath both of my non-hairy armpits, during the remaining hours of the Game.
Not working!
I sweated, smelled, and stunk like a septic tank.
Using my T-power of teleclairvoyance (future seeing), I performed a Tele look in my future and my future events of the upcoming evening at the never-visited Sahara castle with handsome evil Prince Rann, who lived over the Wall.
Not working, either!
I missed Lulu and her accurate Tele talents with my Tele friends and my farm family on Starbelt Plantation on planet Earth. I sighed with sadness.
I had discovered early in my Tele training on planet Earth that my mixed emotions would cause my awesome T-powers of telepathy, telekinesis, teleclairvoyance, and telemetabolics to diminish or degrade or defunct or do not work, totally, ya’ll.
I tilted back my hair strands on the head rest, whiplashed my chin to the sun, burning my freckles for fun.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
My regular hearing picked up the sound of a whistle and a swish of numerous shuffled shoes across the walking concrete. I felt warm air and sniffed sweet breath on the side of my face.
Rosa softly whispered in the eardrum of Starra. “I do believe the Sahara Warriors have creamed the Iceman Snowmen by forty-five points to ten,” smiling.
I sat back and turned with a sour frown to see Rita.
She looked down at her shoes…naw…her dress hem drifting some really negative vibes of frustration, perplexity, worry, and unhappiness, without a Tele scan, compared to her morning calm and serene disposition. I sighed with dread.
The MC said via the comfone and the comlens. “Thank you for attending the Game. The official winning team is the Sahara Golden Warriors.”
The citizens went crazy clapping, cheering, and leaving the stadium. 
“Rann invited us to the victory party, right now, Rosa.” Dirk said with an arrogant smirk in the other eardrum to Starra.
Rosa looked up with a smile and a nod to see Dirk. “Starra pilots the zipper, Dirk. She needs the practice.”
My heart sank like a sinking ship down in the cold ocean water.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.


16th hour (early evening)
Planet Sahara: orange sand, gold castle, many prisoners
Castle of Prince Rann
Dining room setting
Blue moon without clouds
Bright night, sizzling temperatures, harsh winds and dry air


The zipper was sleeker and powerful than the older model that I had stolen from the warehouse on Bonita, because it belonged to Dirk.
Lucky, creep!
Dirk sat still in the front passenger seat as I launched the zipper with a jolting maneuver from Commerce, waited for one hour at the Wall for a mechanical hole, flew down the stratosphere with a yanking motion, soared over the orange soil with a jiggling thing, and then parked the zipper on the hard sand of planet Sahara with a bump, a bang, and a boom.
The last wheel hit the dirt, stirring up a series of orange colored tornado bunnies in the blue colored moon light.
So I concluded my quiet passenger was really a well-behaved teen and he didn’t wanna die either.
I had received some additional personal instruction from Pbot which had helped my rudimentary piloting skills. The zipper did not violently shake like a mixing blender or tilt like a tree branch up to the sun during my fun take-off, instead it kinda kicked like a mule.
I rotated my jaw line side to side, checking for any broken teeth, saying with a giggle. “Better than my last docking, what do ya think?” I turned with a smile to see an empty seat.
Dirk was gone, not mentally, I wished, but physically.
I stared at an empty seat, exhaling with a puff, shaking my curls, “Talking to myself, again. Man or woman! This was becoming a really bad habit in a galaxy full of natives.” I looked up and sideways out the window to see the shimmery chartreuse cape in the far distance. Dirk raced away from both Lady Starra and the zipper to the castle. I removed my fashion gloves and slammed the hatch with my naked elbow, hearing it swish with good hydraulics, and slowly butt-crawled out the cockpit, stepping my heel in tons of sand which glued between my fived naked toe bones.
Yeah, I hate that yucky feeling, too.
I lifted up my sandal and beautifully tripped on the sand…naw…on dang dress, without landing on my nose. Using my T-power of telekinesis, I performed a Tele balance on both my dress hem and my sandals, lifting them up from the sand, elegantly guiding forward on my Tele lift to a set of beautiful golden double doors as one of the personally invited guests to the Sahara mansion by Prince Rann. I exhaled with a puff of annoyance. “So much for a touch of gentlemanly gallantry within this freaking universe.” I performed a Tele dash over the sand to catch Dirk.
The exterior walls of the castle twinkled like tiny golden nuggets underneath the light blue colored moonlight. Planet Sahara was located in the second solar system with other colorful planets that made up one big universe which was separated by a freaking wall, literally.
Thus, it was a hot romantic evening on planet Sahara and a cool afternoon sunny picnic on the planet Commerce.
The castle was composed of golden tinted stone slabs that formed one, two, three, and upward tiers like an elegant staircase. Each tier displayed numerous square shaped protruding balconies. Each balcony held a group of loud mouth talking citizens and louder music notes, too, without using a Tele power.
Wo-man, I was very impressed with both his wealth and his drool factor coupled with his pure envy of toy collection of materials possessions.
I slowed my Tele dash, slapping my dirty sandal on the golden stone pathway that terminated, bad word, in front of two pair of matching male and female sentinels or soldiers or sentries…
Take your pick!
Each male sentinel proudly displayed a sleeveless and shirtless vest jacket on his naked chest, a vertical spear in one hand, a curved sword in the other hand, and a dagger clung to his golden body…armor with a red sash on his fitted waist.
Ditto for the female, but she wore her vest fabric around her breasts.
I hope that we are expected, ya’ll.
Dirk whispered a secret password to one the sour faced sentinels.
Then the door opened.
I mean that the sentinel nodded, not grinning, and then he opened the door for entrance into the loud party.
I entered and tracked both sands and sandals over the clean floor, walking behind my master into the noisy party, where the banquet room exhibited soft music, subtle whispers, and platters of food. I missed breakfast this morning due to sleeping late. I was too upset to eat this afternoon during the bloody game.
So my hungry pains sounded with a growl in my tummy as I turned to see the wall, leaving Lord Creep, foreverly.
I waddled, cutie pie-like, in my puffy dress to a center food table, eyeballing a platter of meat platter and as, I was intercepted and surrounded by the enemy. I sighed with hunger.
Rann stood and blocked the footpath of Starra. Ty stood at one of her eardrums with Rita bad breathing on the other eardrum of Starra.
Rann grinned and fingered his old friends. “Starra, may I have the pleasure of introducing my administrator of Sahara, Ty?”
Ty smiled with a nod to Starra. I returned the physical gesture to the familiar face, who lost to me at the conqueror tournament, last week.
I exhaled with a puff, shaking my curls with disbelief. I had overstayed my welcome here in the new galaxy, completing an entire work Bonita week (five days), since I personally had crash-landed the ancient Earth space shuttle on the hard dirt that felt like an eternity to my neurons. I sighed with homesickness.
She said with an arrogant smirk. “You’re one lucky girl, Starra.” Rita did or did not compliment, if you took it the wrong or right way.
So I grinned with a silly smile to her serious smirk.
Rann chuckled and fingered to Rita. “You met Rita too? I do believe. You successfully halted her marriage to Lad.”
Rita sounded with a lady sneer that complimented her ugly smirk of red colored lipstick on her top lip.
I hoped it permanently sticks, darling. 
I winked with a giggle to her, staring and studying the non-married couple of Rann and Rita.
They both possessed devious, cunning, and insulting twin personalities, not my kind of people, honey.
My nervousness evaporated and allowed my T-powers to reemerge with brilliance.
Her new elegant long dress was beautiful for the Sahara victory party. Rita wore a silky golden tinted dress, cutting a v-neckline down to the lowest possible point right below the V-shape of her big breasts and going further down and above her belly button. The gown dripped in an array of stunning shimmery tiny jewels of rubies, sapphires, emeralds, and diamonds. The same match fabric and design was duplicated on the open vest of Rann, gem by gem. I sighed with curiosity.
Two of a kind in the same suite!
I smiled with a nod to Rann. “Correct on both accounts, Prince Rann.” I used a formal title for a formal event. I hoped formally to leave in a few more minutes. I looked around the room, wearing an arrogant smirk too. “By the way, where’s your lovely wife Princess Viv? I haven’t had the pleasure of chatting with her yet.” I turned with a giggle to see Rann, guessing about his deep dark secret of something evil.
Rann coughed and covered his mouth, removing his hand, saying with a smirk. “Viv is attending to her hostess duties on the other side of the palace. She will be joining me, shortly. But I am neglecting my duties as a good host. Would you care for a drink, Lady Starra? This is my very special brewed concoction. I believe you will find it, most enjoyable.” Rann snapped his fingers. Wbot floated to Rann, carrying a tray of tiny glasses of red colored liquid. He tenderly grabbed and placed the cold wet crystal in the naked hand of Starra.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Staring at deadly trio, I slowly lifted the delicate crystal tumbler to my pink painted lips.
“Starra, I found you!” Bartholomew moved and slammed the fanny of Starra, making her drink slosh over her hand and the floor. He smiled with a chuckle and cuddled her, arriving in time to save Starra. I sighed with relief.
“Baron Bartholomew.” Ty bowed at the waist respectful of his noble etiquette.
“Baron,” Rita smiled to him.
“B.A.,” Rann grinned to him. “It is nice of you to accept my victory invitation, tonight.”
“I’ve always heard about your ‘wild and crazy’ parties, Rann.” He looked to see the happy guests and back to see Rann. “This gathering seems very civilized to me,” chuckling.
Rann said with a wicked smirk, raising his finger. “Ah, the evening is young along with my guests, B.A.”
Bartholomew narrowed his eyelids, pulling Starra to the side, turning with a smile to see her nose profile. “I want you to meet Duchess Las, Lady Starra.” He turned and looked with a fake smile to see Rann. “Will you please excuse us, Rann, Rita, Ty!” He bowed with his chin in respect of the other nobles.
Bartholomew and Starra twisted away from the motley crew, cuddling arm-in-arm. He grabbed the beverage from Starra. “I’ll take your beverage. Rann enjoys having way too much fun with his guests.” He placed the half-empty glass on top of a crowded food table.
“Hence the words, wild and crazy,” I cuddled closer in his dark green silk cloak with his arms wrapped around my waist.
Then they strolled towards a deck of patio doors, moving far away from Rann. Bartholomew said with a smile of delight. “Are you hungry, Starra?” He fingered a new food table.
I halted in fear and flight. “I’m afraid to ask. Is the food poisoned there?”
Bartholomew pulled Starra towards the food table with a smile and a nod. “Don’t worry! This table belongs to me. I brought food from my home world of Agri along with my most trusted business partners. Those are my business associates.” He nodded to each sour faced man and woman, who stood behind the food table.
I leaned into his smile with a whisper, reaching and grabbing an empty dinner platter. “I guess I have no choice, but to believe you, noble sir. You seem to be the only gentleman in the galaxy, tonight,” winking for my fun.
He pulled Starra closer into his silk cloak with a smile. “With that, I will be the gentlest of gentlemen, tonight. Baron Bartholomew is at your service, Lady Starra.” He pecked a light kiss on her cheekbone, back stepped, and bowed at a fit waist in respect to her as a noblette lady, too.
I curtseyed like a noblette princess and held an empty food plate like an Earth fool. Then Bartholomew and I chuckled and attacked the food table.
I placed one piece of every single food item on my plate, making a food tower. I did not want to show disrespect to my nice escort. At the end of the food line, I grabbed three chocolate desserts in the other hand, using my T-power of telekinesis, performing a Tele balance of the four platters. I did not want to waste food either.
I slowly swung around and strolled to the table. 
The victory party dinner stretched across a very, very long eating table with the tablecloth and the utensils all glittering in golden tint too. Rann sat like a king, not a prince at the butt-end of the table in a tall triangle shaped golden throne chair, laughing and eating. Rita sat like a bridesmaid, not a queen on the side of Rann in a tiny triangle shaped golden throne chair too, giggling and eating. I sighed with intrigue.
Dirk sat like a second bridesmaid, not a lord beside Rita in a round shaped golden chair, laughing and eating too. I sighed with more intrigue.
His wife Princess Viv sat like a queen, not a princess, on the end of the table in a tall round shaped golden throne chair, giggling and eating with the other guests. I sighed with dizziness.
Bartholomew selected two round shaped golden empty chairs in the middle of the long, long eating table. He gently grabbed and placed her numerous food plates on the table surface, pulling out the chair, like a true gentleman of the universe.
And then I sat down inside the chair.
Without my prayers or my manners, I plowed into the tower of food, stuffing my face with both fingers and forks, chewing with my lips closed like a noblette lady. The delicious and tasty food landed in my empty tummy and as, the other invited guests drank, ate, and cheered throughout the dinner party.
Bartholomew chatted and charmed Starra with the topics of farming, space travel, and other minor subjects. They smiled and whispered, smiled and ate, smiled and laughed throughout the long evening.
The drinks and the drinkers became more rambunctious, rowdy, and boisterous by each wasted hour, except Rann. He held the red colored liquor with ease or faked it, for sure.
I silently observed his invited guests as Rann secretively selected his next target for total humiliation.
The Sahara game player grabbed the half-full bottle and poured the red colored liquid contents over his team mate as they roared with laughter. The other game players copycatted the stupid antic, trying to imitate the childish gesture. The gestures resulted in lots of broken glasses, dishes, and few broken limbs. Then the wild team game players acted clownish in front of the nobles.
The sedate nobles quietly sat and observed the violent activities, stuffing their faces with good food.
Dov stood upright with a smile and lifted both his arms into the air. “Race!”
Some guests stood upright too. Some guests fell back down in the chairs, due to the high consumption of drink. All the guests stomped a drinking glass or an eating spoon or a sharp steak knife, singing off key in unison, “Race. Race. Race…”
I studied the rowdy folks in front of my face, beside my arm and next to Bartholomew.
Bartholomew placed his bicep around Starra, drawing her in his silky shirt, whispering in her eardrum. “It is now time for us to leave, Starra.”
I enjoyed the bug hug, slicing my eyelashes back and forth, watching the rough guests. “Why?” I was not searching for a real answer from Bartholomew, because I wanted to stay and to observe more of fun funky frolics.
Rann slowly rose from the table like a prince and as his guests quickly silenced. I gasped, scanning the quiet and obedience table of invited guests. All eyeballs turned to see Rann. He spread his flexing muscled biceps parallel to the floor, wearing a stern frown, saying with a soft timber. “Do you want the Race?”
The invited guest sung off key in unison, “Race. Race. Race. Race...” Rann dropped both his arms down to his kneecaps as the room silenced again.
I gasped in shock and dizziness at his awesome solo power of his citizen manipulation.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I pulled back from the bug hug and turned with a smile to see the nose profile of Bartholomew, who was burning an array of invisible hot fire balls to the wicked smile of Rann. I turned with a smile to see Rann, who grinned with a devilishly smile at each invited guest.
Rann halted his eyelids on the pretty freckles, smiling with an evil grin. “I choose, as my racing opponent, Lady Starra.” I gasped for breath. The guests went crazy with wild hoots, claps, foot stomps, and whistles.
Bartholomew released Starra and stood, saying with a stern frown. “Lady Starra does not understand the rules, Rann. I disqualify her.” The room silenced as all eyeballs turned to see Bartholomew. Rann laughed. All eyeballs twisted to see Rann.
Rann smirked with an evil tone. “Only I can disqualify an opponent from my race, Baron. You don’t have jurisdiction in my castle.” He snapped his fingers as four armed sentinels formed around Rann. The guests and I gasped for both oxygen and fear. Prince Rann of Sahara did not intimidate Baron Bartholomew of Agri.
Bartholomew said with a calm tone without raising his hands or his sneer. “Starra does not understand the rules.” All eyeballs glued to Bartholomew and cut back to see Rann for the finale of the fiery verbal cat fight.
Rann smiled with a nod to Starra. “I concur with your assessment, BA. I will explain the rules of the race. Then I will allow you to accept or decline my gracious offer, before I continue, Lady Starra. The rules are very simple. You and I will race to the Wall and then back here to my castle. The faster pilot wins the competition. That is the Race. What’s your pleasure, Lady Starra?” Rann bowed at his waist in respect of the noblette lady and faked a calm and cool demeanor for a crazy madman, too. The invited guests went crazy with wild claps, hoots, foot stomps, and whistles for another round of vicious entertainment.
That’s it.
Bartholomew was upset over a dumb race towards the Wall, embarrassing Starra by opposing Rann than declining the friendly competition.
I pondered the silly race request and performed a Tele mind probe on Bartholomew, using my T-power of telepathy.
His mind was both open and honest and his person was very concerned about my welfare. Awe! So sweet of you, Bartholomew.
I found and felt the same emotions from Ming on my final day on planet Earth. However, I was a grown girl and was destined to live the rest of my life here and as I must be accepted and respected here too. I scanned the invited guests at the eating table. All eyeballs stared at Starra. I turned with a worried brow to see the sour frown on Bartholomew, slowly standing and as, the hand of Bartholomew tightened around my forearm. I turned a stern face to see the dancing brown eyes of Rann. “I accept.” That dang word, accept, was becoming too easy to use during my temporary stay here. I needed to eliminate it from my English vocabulary making my life less complicated also. The rowdy guests went crazy with wild cheers, whistles, hoots, and foot stomps for the silly race.
Ty nodded to Starra.
Rita smiled to Starra.
Dirk grinned to Starra.
Bartholomew sounded with a soft moan.
Rann smiled and back stepped from the table, swinging around and fingering a side door. He led towards the outside patio. “The landing pad is this way. Follow me to the bullet ship, Lady Starra.” Ty and Rita stood and trailed behind Rann.
Bartholomew stood upright from the chair and leaned down, assisting Starra from the chair and into his chest, whispering in her eardrum. “Please do not do this. You can decline. We can leave together. Rann will obey my authority even on his home world of Sahara.”
I dropped my mouth and closed it, without words and gasps.
I turned with a worried brow to see the golden wall that was lined with his business associates of both men and women, who guarded the Agri food table. I bet my entire two million curr account that his most trusted business partners also possessed concealed sets of illegal weapons underneath the beautiful dark green colored tablecloths. So sweet! They were acting like Ming and his boys wanting to protect me from Earth villain Peter. Thus, I was learning way too slowly that playing politics was a deadly game, here, too.
At the 19th hour (late evening) on top of the launch pad setting with two individual ships during a blue moon with bright stars and no clouds, Rann moved ahead with a smile.
The night air sizzled in heated temperatures with dry air and heavy winds, my short walk on the hard stone pathway towards the launch pad lip was both short and quick. The launch pad was a protruded piece of gold tinted stone shoved over the sands and in the air waves, without any walls, only air space. There were two launch pads that displayed two tiny starships. The hatch door of the ship was up for entrance in the space craft.
Bartholomew cuddled Starra and whispered in her eardrum again. “Please we can leave, Starra. You do not obey Rann. I do not obey Rann. We are nobles. We obey no other nobles, except Rex.”
I halted, studying a strange outer space flying ship that held one person and zero pieces of luggage. I turned with a smile and a giggle to see him. “Bartholomew, you have been a gentleman all night. Please do not stop now. I feel very confident that I can beat Rann. Please believe in me.” I touched his chest with my hand, giving a nod. He exhaled with a huff of frustration at Starra, holding and releasing her hand. I turned and touched the smooth metal on the ship with my hand, noting a new coat of silver tinted finish, like it had wrecked, before this event tonight.
My T-powers pinged. Everything is fine, darling.
Bartholomew reached around Starra, grabbing an object in the ship, lifting the mini comfone (audio device) in front of her and he exhaled with a huff of frustration again. “Since, you insist on carrying out your…”
“Watch it, buddy!” I swung a sour frown with a lady growl to him.
“Mission.” He chuckled with a nod. “I’ll be your navigator.”
“Navigator?” I scanned the mini comfone in his hands, pondering the competitive race. Like on my planet, earthlings raced in a fossil fueled automobiles, a long time ago. When the driver of lead car completed an oval circle first, he won.
He wiggled the mini comfone between his eardrums and thumbed to the big comlen on top of the tall communication tower behind his collar bone, saying with a worried brow. “I’ll transmit the coordinates of the Wall into this comlen display on this panel in your ship,” he touched the glass screen on the console of the ship.
I smiled with a nod. “I know the location of the Wall, BA. It’s the huge thing in the middle of the galaxy which was made of rotating rocks and debris. My mission’s to fly to it and come back beating Rann in the process, sir.” I smacked the right side of my forehead in an Earth salute with two fingers and jerked my arm forward, accidentally slapping Bartholomew in the nose bridge, missing his eyeball, thou. I giggled as he sounded with a moan. I say with a sad pout. “I sorry. I guess I’m too excited about the Race with Rann. Did you race with Rann too?” I bounced on my sandals, feeling both nervous and worried.
Bartholomew rubbed his nose, saying with a puzzled frown. “What does that gesture represent, Starra? Is that a love sign?”
I giggle with a nod. I did not want BA to get the wrong idea that I was not born of this universe, being an alien, who kept using silly Earth gestures and confusing the innocent natives.
Bartholomew shook his skull, saying with a worried brow. “I don’t think you comprehend the magnitude of the Race, Starra. You must fly through an opening of the wall two times, before returning to the castle. The magnetic field of the Wall is so strong that you physically cannot stop your star ship. The Wall will pull and suck into its own gravity field any tiny object through an undetected opening into its force field, and then dump it in numerous shiny pieces on the other side, non-safely. Or it will destroy it, totally. Stang! This is a death race, Starra.” He studied the tiny ship which had been repaired from the ship collision with the Wall, last week. The ship wreck occurred during another one of the wild and crazy parties that had been given by Rann also.
I said with a giggle, “Stang? What does that word mean?”
He touched her collar bone with his warm hands, exhaling with a puff of annoyance, shaking his skull. “It is something that a lady should never ever repeat…”
I giggled again, not acting like lady, now. I was a competitor in a race to a rock wall on other side of galaxy in a tiny star ship, a death race, baby. I missed reading, again, another important fact last night inside that fat red colored book while stubbornly learning everything, the hard way, compliments of alien Starra.
Bartholomew tapped on his head gear, saying with a stern face. “I’ll be sending the newly formed rock openings to your comfone as you speed toward the Wall. An opening is the only safe passage through or…”
“Easy!” I flipped my newly pink painted manicured fingernails, since I was going to die in a few moments. Stang! I looked to the ship, exhaling with a puff of fear.
It was a sleek duplicate of a one-seater zipper ship that was truly shaped like a bullet, when it had been fired from my twelve-gauge shotgun at home on planet Earth, not here. There was a set of long smooth elegant flying wings slightly located behind a single non-padded seat, for speed, and three great big nasty afterburners in the rear end, for power. The bullet ship measured ten feet long, by three feet wide, for fun.
Using my Tele power of telekinesis, I held the side panel and performed a Tele jump over the ship frame, not seeing a side opening door or an upward lifting hatchway or a lady step ladder for my sandals, wiggling my fanny deep down in the cozy cockpit that barely fit my personette and my dress.
The bullet ship contained a black colored vertical driving stick, for gliding, and a red colored button, for acceleration, performing one speed fast and faster, for fun.
I touched the driving stick with my naked right driving hand and yanked my hand back up in the air. Yeah, the bullet ship was wrecked, last week.
Yuck-o!
Using my T-power of teleclairvoyance, I had experienced a Tele share moment of his clingy genes of the dead male mixed my live sweat balls. I exhaled with a puff of creepy, swirling my hips, my hands, and my earlobes in the air and around the stick, making the ghost genes disappear. Then I grabbed the stick and felt the smooth silky metal.
Awe!
Yeah, it worked perfectly as a good paranormal teen alien.
And I beautifully appreciated the strange design that Rann had termed, a bullet ship. Now, I understood the analogy, a flying bullet punches through a solid wall of space rock with a pointy cone nose. Rann was a brilliant star ship designer too. I felt his strong manly vibes from metal too. Rann had pilot tested the bullet ship, before the death race, tonight. I honestly planned to praise his outstanding work, if I lived through the dang dangerous death race. I sighed with worry.
I adjusted the cloth webbing with a pair of ten shaky fingers and a flip flopping tummy for a proper fit of me and my dress in the cramped cockpit. I slipped off the three inched sandals from my naked feet and handed my shoes to Bartholomew, turning with a smile and a wink to see him. “Can you hold these please?” I held the shoes above my head, looking over the pilot instruments.
“Your shoes?” Bartholomew looked with disgust at her shoes, like a live Agri snake, and he grabbed the shoes, tucking in the side pockets of his cape.
I said with a giggle. “I always drive a stick better and faster, without heels, darling.” I slapped down my fluffy and stiff ball gown that was greatly interfering with the driving stick, needing more space in the tiny cockpit to maneuver both my arms and my hands. I turned with a grin to see him again. “B.A., do you have a knife?” I saw a pretty dagger, within my eyesight, which was holstered in the belt of his trousers.
“I beg your pardon.” He dropped his mouth in shock.
“A knife? A dagger? You know, a sharp pointy instrument to cut things?” I said with a giggle.
Bartholomew exhaled with a huff of frustration, again, slowly reaching for the jeweled dagger on his left hip. He ripped it from the leather and cautiously slapped the deadly weapon in her open palm.
I sung in my southern accent with happiness. “Thank you!” I cut six inches off the crinoline underneath my puffy dress and yanked the stiff fabric away from my petite body for added leg room, gently tossing the blue fabric at him. “Please hold this also.”
Bartholomew laughed, catching and cuddling the flying blue fabric. “You’re a very strange girl, Starra.”
I giggled with both my funny humor and my alien secret, as a funny alien girl from planet Earth, and winked with an innocent flirt for some teen girly fun, with the teen boy, too. “I’m just evening the odds, darling.”
Bartholomew exhaled with a huff of worry. “Are you ready? Rann’s motioning with a waving hand at us to begin the Race.”
I slapped the red colored button, igniting the thruster engines with a roar and bursting the yellow and blue colored afterburners with a hiss. I raised my arm, yelling over the engines for fun. “Let’s rock and roll, baby!”
Bartholomew back stepped from the ship and covered his face from the sizzling heated, allowing the afterburners to settle down in launch mode. He removed his arms and exhaled with a huff of boyfriend concern, walking to both the bullet ship and Starra, slamming the hatch cover securely over her hair roots. He back stepped with a grin and a nod to her window and spun around to the bot tower, jogging up the stairs to monitor the death race.
The driving stick sounded with a swish going side to side in my driving hand, without moving the bullet ship. I exhaled with a puff of worry, looking down to the pilot console and up to black outer space of nothingness. “I am alone again, yeah, baby.” I swung with a smile to see Rann, who was double checking the console and instruments on his ship.
I connected, linked, and then Tele talked to him. Beware, Prince Rann! 
I impatiently waited and continuously watched for his lip sneer or his tongue leap or his eyeball wink, seeing no tart reaction from Rann, who was flexing both his taunt biceps over the pilot console in my eyeball spying. I sighed with lust.
Hey, I was a teen, having some fun and enjoying his muscles, to boot.
“Starra!” Bartholomew said via the mini comfone.
I turned with a smile and slapped the acknowledgment communication button with my hand, then cut my eyeballs back to Rann, who was busy with the dang instrument panel, taunting me with a set of his flexing muscles, again.
Well, I had double checked the two virtual aces still hidden up my sleeveless fancy prom dress too. Rann was buffing, again like in the poker game. So I had beaten him, last week. I would beat him again, tonight. I sighed with confidence.
I looked down to see my pilot console and properly adjusted the mini comfone devise over my messy gray hair, hearing a combination of soft mechanical and tenor human voices from the bot tower. I both heard and saw the mathematical countdown to launch for liftoff on the tiny pilot console.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Breathe in, again. Breathe out, again. Relax. Calm. Focus.
I opened my eyelashes, resurfacing from my brief mediation, hearing the final countdown in the head gear.
Pbot droned via the mini comfone, “One. Go!”
I punched the red colored button again and as, my bullet blasted in a vertical direction, going straight up in the stars. “No!” I had jerked the stick backwards to the Sahara sun, not forward to the Wall.
I released the stick and as, both my bullet and my guts dropped down fifty feet in 3.4 seconds. Yeah, I was a stop watch, now.
The G-forces both suffocated and strained with pain in my chest and my lungs and as, I chocked and coughed for bites of vital oxygen in the cockpit, but I used my T-power of Telemetabolics and pulled a Tele shield around my body, protecting me from death. I sighed with fear.
Bartholomew yelled via the mini comfone, “Starra! Starra! You have managed to get back on flight pathway. That’s the easy part. The hard part, Rann is ninety-five miles ahead of you.”
Catching my breath, I yelled into the mini comfone. “Copy that.” I jerked the driving stick forward in the right direction, this time, to the Wall, and slapped the red colored button for a third time. The bullet leaped to 600 miles per hour, seeing the tiny dot of Rann became a blurred ship of Rann, within my eyeballs, making up the lost precious seconds and no speed for my unimpressive aerobatic maneuver off the launch pad of the castle.
I slapped the red colored button for a fourth time, seeing the speed meter soar to 800 miles per hour, making my space ride sorta fun, if I was not scared to death of dying. I sighed with spunk.
My bullet nose cone became even with the cone nose of Rann in the death race to the Wall, which marked the beginning of the second galaxy.
I turned with a silly grin to see Rann and performed a salute with my fingers as a show of good sportsmanlike gesture of comradeship. I jerked my hand forward from the salute, hitting the glass window, slapping the driving stick to the left side, shifting both the bullet and my body to the left as a silly teen maneuver. I sighed with teen-ness.
Rann purposefully ignored Starra and flew to the Wall.
I slammed the driving stick in the center, saying with a giggle. “We be a sore loser already, Rann.” I looked up to see the Wall and scanned for a tiny opening.
Bartholomew yelled via the mini comfone. “Good job, Starra. First opening is 20 mark 400. I suggest you try to be the first ship in there, because two objects cannot make it through the small hole.”
I exhaled with a puff of boring annoyance. “Yeah, I heard ya, whatever.” But I was impressed with Bartholomew and his job as the navigator. I got an odd feeling that he had done this job before. I said into the mini-comfone. “Copy that.” I focused on the stars and maneuvered the ship around some floating space junk as the Wall approached too fast flying at 800 miles per hour. My ship was even with Rann in the death race.
Bartholomew yelled via the mini comfone, “First hole is closed. Second hole…” Static cracked through the comfone busting up the ear wax in both of their eardrums. Bartholomew yelled via the mini comfone, “…location 80 mark 70, third opening at 60 mark 600.”
“Copy that!” I said into the mini-comfone as the mathematical data also danced across the comlen, showing numerous tiny opening holes that opened and closed, within milliseconds.
The wall opening coordinates jumped to the east, then to the north, then to the east, then to the west, then all over the dang comlen in every single directional point too swift for my freaking neurons and the slow poke console screen to relay.
I could not adjust the bullet fast enough in my outer space play ground to each tiny opening, and if I kept listening to Bartholomew for the latest holy developments, use, abuse, and excuse the pun, I would die.
Using my T-power of telemetabolics, I pulled and gathered the space air.
Yeah, it was not breathable within my lungs, but was maneuverable with an object.
I yanked and expanded my Tele shield around my body, my bullet ship, and part of my side of the Wall.
Yeah, baby, I am awesome.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I metaphysically saw something, telepathically felt a tiny peep of light between two of the rock formations, and slapped the acceleration button for a fifth time.
Nothing!
“Stang!” I wasn’t feeling a forward thrust to the Wall from the button press. I gasped with a new conclusion that I had shockingly reached the maximum velocity in the three afterburner engines.
A design flaw!
I laughed, slapping the console, remembering to tattle the engine problem to Rann, once the race was over, if I survived.
Based on some quick math calculations, within my brilliant mind, I would not reach that fissure in time, before the swift shrinkage event.
Same problem. New solution.
I flipped off the engines with three clicks, making the bullet drip down with my human heart about twenty feet using my T-power of telekinesis, I performed a Tele grab, gathering the outer space winds and lifting both my tummy and the ship, and faced the Wall. I acted, as a Tele pilot, on the silent engines, traveling the ship much faster with my T-powers than the tradition mechanic engines.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I saw an opening, inches shy of a perfect circle for a nasty tap with the vicious looking pointy metal tip of the bullet, for smashing.
Now or never!
I was 40,500 feet from the Wall, flying at 900 miles-per-hour, hitting the wall with a boom.
The bullet and I lurched to the left, hitting the rock with a nasty ting, and then jiggled to the right, and then wiggled to the left, going through 9,000 feet of solid space rock and as, the flight scraped the ugly black marks off the black colored hard rock and onto the silver tinted metal while spiking beautiful waves of fiery red colored heat through the viewing windows for my visual entertainment.
I flew with my eyeballs opened, ya’ll.
The bullet and I punched out the Wall totally intact with my body safely tucked in the cockpit like a baby chick underneath her mama’s butt-hole.
Yo, I’m a farmer!
I saw the ugly scratched and scuffed metal wound through the sizzling steam on the bullet. However, I had to prepare for my upcoming victory lap, feeling both overconfident and arrogant. I curled my bullet in a perfect semi-circle for a reverse galactic course to win the race. So I scanned the empty outer space, seeing no wave signature or silver tint of Rann. And I did not have the physical time or the metaphysical energy to locate the teen either.
Rann was on his own time and outer space pathway.
I navigated the bullet in a high arch and lined up the pointy nose tip directly in the front of the Wall for a forward path back through the Wall and eventually the return trip back to the castle. I closed my eyelashes and snapped them open.
Everything is fine. My Tele power pinged.
A blurry object shot out to my left, within my left eyeball, coming from the fourth quadrant, which was 5,000 space feet, (yeah, measurements live in outer space) from my bullet.
Rann and his bullet ship both shot straight out the Wall flying to the Tech World and as, he left a perfect circular hole in the rock wall with a slick opportunity for the opposition or the opponent or the opposite sex to win the death race.
“Yo, that’s me.” I said with a giggle to my pilot console.
Using my T-power of telekinesis, I performed a Tele shove through the hole and emerged four, maybe five seconds, later on the opposite side, without harm, again.
Note: Five seconds is a long time between a rock and a hard place.
Using my T-power of telekinesis, I acted as a Tele pilot, again, flying faster than a lightning bolt to the victory finish line at the castle of Rann.
“Boom!” I said with giggle and powered back on the mini comfone, messing up my hair roots, again.
Bartholomew yelled via the mini comfone. “Where are you? Come in, Starra. Come in, Starra…”
I raised my arms and hit the low ceiling, saying with a lady sneer. “Stang!” I smiled with a giggle into my mini comfone. “Did ya see that awesome maneuver, BA? The freaking highlight of my day or night or whatever the time space clock is here now.”
“What maneuver, Starra? Starra, I can’t see anything. We didn’t have your ship on comlen for five minutes. I thought you were…”
Oops-ee!
When I cut the manual power to my engine, my comfone, and my comlen, I appeared as a speck of space dust to BA.
I smiled into my mini comfone. “O! That’s so strange, BA. I am right here. I am through the wall, a second time. I am racing home for my victory cup, B.A...”
“What? Victory cup? What are you talking about? You have safely passed through the Wall. Stang, Starra. Please repeat your statement again.” Bartholomew said via the mini comfone.
Using my Tele power of telekinesis, I performed a Tele push to my bullet and to the planet, yanking it down from the blue tinted atmosphere of a full blue moon, soaring over the steaming hot orange sands, not bothering with the driving stick, and hovered over the golden tinted landing platform at the castle, the finish line.
Alien Day Seven


1st hour (early morning)
Castle location of Rann
Launch pad setting with one ship
Hot temperatures with bright stars and yellow moonlight


I  landed the bullet ship with a series of numerous pings and final a boom on the single wheel gear. Sorry, I was too dang excited about winning a death race, without dying, but being alive.
Bartholomew smiled and raced down the tower steps, running to the bullet window, jerking open the charred hatch, and lifted her in one big swoop into his hug.
My heart raced with happiness, and my pulse leaped into an overdrive of delight. Use, abuse and excuse the pun!
The invited guests slowly cheered and clapped, at least the one, who was still semi-conscious. The other invited guests were strewn on the outdoor patio or under the rugs or over the furniture, sleeping off the effects of the red colored liquid.
I did not believe all the invited guests realize the major significant of this unique event, beating the prince and his princely race, and I was alive to say it and share it and shout it. I sighed with happiness.
Bartholomew closed both his biceps around her body, pecking a light kiss on her forehead then on her cheekbone and then he looked up to see him.
“You’re still alive, Starra.” Dirk said with a nasty sneer behind the back spine of Rita, scooting around, standing with a smirk without teeth in front of Starra.
I swung around to see him, saying with my own nasty lady sneer. “Maybe, next time, Dirk?”
Bartholomew pulled and wrapped his silk cape around Starra, exposing only her golden freckles.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
“I said it once and I will say it again. You’re one lucky girl, Starra.” Rita did or did not compliment, if you took it the wrong or right way, dropping her arm around the collar bone of Dirk, smirking without teeth too.
Did some of the noble possess a mouth of bad teeth and blooding gums and bad breath here?
Ty bowed at his waist and lifted his naked chest, smiling with a nod to Starra. “Congratulations, Lady Starra! Your performance provided a thrilling and entertaining race, this evening.”
Well I made two friends and two enemies in the galaxy, so far, I am even-steven now.
The other bullet ship hovered over the red colored painted box that designated for parking spot of the bullet ship.
“The arrival time for Prince Rann is 2.12 minutes, after the winner Lady Starra of Bonita.” Pbot droned via the tower comfone.
Rann landed the ship and tossed open a scorned and burnt hatch cover, leaping from the cockpit, slowing limping to Starra. He extended his naked hand and said with a perfect smile and his sexy baritone voice. “Congratulations are in order, Lady Starra. You have beaten me, twice.”
I stared at his naked hand, not from poor sportsmanship, but I did not desire to touch his icy fingers, receiving another creepy set of bad nightmare vibes from Rann. Using my T-power of telemetabolics, I erected a Tele shield for blocking out his shadowy day thoughts and gloomy night visions and protecting my precious neurons.
Rann truly possessed some mild type of Tele talent as his essence is too strong to resist and too deep to fight at the moment, like right now.
So I would work a defensively Tele power later, like tomorrow.
I shook his middle finger and released it, like a live Agri rattlesnake, cuddling back in the protective warm cocoon of Bartholomew as Rann chuckled. Dirk sneered. Rita smirked.
“The night time is very late, Starra.” Bartholomew said and stared at Rann.
I stared at Rann, too, without smiling. “If you’ll excuse me, I need to leave. Lady Rosa will be wondering, where I am.” I turned with a sour frown to see Dirk.
Dirk said with a nod to Bartholomew. “I will be staying. Baron Bartholomew, if I could be, so bold, as to kindly ask for your assistance, flying Lady Starra back to our home?”
Bartholomew smiled with a nod to Dirk. “My pleasure! Good evening, nobles.” He swung them to the patio door, moving out the patio, shuffling far away from Rann, Rita, and Dirk.
“Bye, ya’ll!” I yelled between Bartholomew’s biceps.
Dirk said with a snort on the cheekbone of Rita as they both were the same height and meanness. “That girl must die.” He watched both Bartholomew and Starra leave the room, without them hearing his nasty words.
“I agree.” Rita sweet breathed on his cheekbone, patting his shoulder.
Rann moved and stopped behind them and sounded with a sneer, sliding in front of both Dirk and Rita, stomping in their nostrils, saying with a growl. “I command both of you. No harm is to come to Lady Starra. Do I make myself clear?” Dirk nodded.
Rita bad breathed with a lady snarl on the nose tip of Rann. “She will interfere with our plans, Rann.”
Rann looked to see the empty hallway, saying with an evil smirk. “Maybe, maybe not, but she is perfect for mine.”
Near the Wall within cold and black outer space with minus 1000ºF inside the zipper cockpit underneath the bright stars of white and planets of color, the sound of silent occupied both the space and the ship.
I tenderly rubbed a forming bruise on my arm, closing my eyelashes, feeling nothing as my T-powers were asleep with my neurons. I could not sum one plus one with my brain or my three fingers.
Bartholomew cleared his throat and piloted through one of the fixed holes in the Wall, emerging out the other side. “Don’t be surprised if your muscles are sore, tomorrow?”
I blinked eyelashes opened, turning with a grin to see his nose profile. “And how would you know about sore muscles? Is there a story, I need to hear, B.A.?”
He grinned with a nod, flying through outer space to planet Bonita, exhaling with a huff of satisfaction. “Starra, every guy dreams of piloting his star ship through the Wall at 800 miles per hour, at least, once in his dull life.”
“It was 900 miles-per-hour.” I corrected his calculations and cuddled my rib cage with tenderness, feeling the broken bones.
Bartholomew slammed both palms on the console, shouting with a shout. “Stang, I’m impressed. I didn’t think Rann’s engine design could travel that fast. You’re one skillful pilot, Starra.”
“Clever is a better term.” I whispered, poking around my bones, feeling pain on my ninth and tenth ribs of my rib cage.
“Do you say something, Starra?” He quickly glanced at her and back to the black outer space.
“Not a thing.” I muttered the lie as my Tele powers saved my hide, not my skill.
“I flew through the wall on purpose in a reckless race, too, a long, long time ago. Exhilarating! I still remember the feelings of accomplishment, satisfaction, and pride. My parents felt differently, of course. I was reprimanded for six solid months, before I could fly my ship with permission from my father.” He chuckled with a nod.
I giggled, making my ribs and my collar bone ache, again. However, my eardrums enjoyed hearing a wonderful story, from a wonderful guy, in this wonderful galaxy.
So, maybe, it was not so bad for a teen alien to live here, foreverly.
Bartholomew said. “Next morning, I discovered three sets of cracked ribs, an acquired number of bruises, and a batch of tiny cuts on both my arms and legs from the twin impacts with a hard space rock. So I know a little bit about how you are feeling.” He chuckled.
I smiled and performed a Tele scan over my body with my T-power of telemetabolics, noting that my ribs were not broken, just hurt.


2nd hour (early morning)
Planet Bonita: brown and yellow colored dead soil
Castle location of Rosa
Front porch setting
White colored moon light and bright yellow colored stars
Bright night with hot temperatures and mild winds of dry air


Bartholomew smiled with a nod, flipping the console gears. “Bonita approaching fast, prepare for landing procedures.” He descended down in the atmosphere, pacing smoothly above the brown soil, easing the zipper down to the yellow colored dirt with a soft thump.
Good job!
I gotta get zipper pointers about landing a spacecraft from him.
Bartholomew leaped from the cockpit, ran behind the ship, opened her door, and lent his bicep for her support, coming out of her passenger seat. He and Starra walked to the front door, without a blinding light bulb, only the full moonlight, a hot romantic night, and stopped.
I cuddled in his chest and pulled back from face, smiling with happiness. “The end of beautiful night.”
He chuckled. “I don’t want to spoil, the moment, but it is the second hour in the early morning, a new day.”
I giggled and felt pain around my aching ribs, so they were broken.
He smiled with a nod. “Can I contact you later today? I, maybe, should call you, tomorrow. Lady Rosa is going to be very displeased with your…the party.”
I smiled with a nod and a pain in my ribcage. “You’re correct. Tomorrow’s better for both her and me.”
He lifted and tenderly kissed her naked hand, pulling back his lips, smiling.
And I found that none of my ribs were arching anymore.
Bartholomew two-stepped from the weather beaten front door and swung around, bowing at his waist to lady noblette Starra. She swung around and smiled at him. He lifted his torso and said with a smile. “Fare well for a couple of days. Enjoy your morn, Lady Starra!” He back stepped, tripped over the broken stones, and beautifully recovered.
I laughed, slapping my hand over the giggles, feeling a tinge of pain in my ribcage.
Bartholomew cleared his throat and pressed his hands down his shirt, walking backward, moving away from both Starra and the front door.
I followed with my eyeballs, sometimes, releasing a giggle.
He tripped over more broken stones, again, walking backwards over the dark ground and dull moonlight, running into the metal of his zipper. He smiled with a grunt, two-stepping around the front bumper of the zipper, standing at the hatch way. He waved again and slid in the pilot seat.
The zipper lifted up from the dirt, creating a set of mini tornado dust storms of yellow.
Using my T-power of Telekinesis, I pulled a Tele bubble around my body and blocked out the yellow colored dust, seeing the silver tinted ship halt above the planet and pose in the blackness of cold outer space.
Bartholomew was watching Starra on the radar screen, her heated image, not her face.
I watched the zipper turn to the Wall, flying in glittering red colors, then silver tints, and finally a faint tiny white dot, giggling with delight, making my ribs hurt, again.
At the 9th hour (late morning) on Planet Bonita inside the private chamber during a heated and sunny day with mild winds plus dry air, Pbot stood beside the bed mattress. “Lady Starra, your presence is requested in the Parlor.” It droned and hovered over Starra like a bad dream.
I was Starra Starbelt the former United North American government ecosphere administrator for Starbelt Plantation in the Hunts-Bama district, standing up at five feet and one inch in height weighing in at ninety-six pounds and three….
Yeah, I had gained some weight from eating all the delicious chocolate desserts, last night.
I possessed shoulder lengthy gray colored hair sprinkled with long strands of black, unexplained and ugly, and my hair was growing back to long again. I possessed a triangle shaped face. Two almond shaped eye sockets held a pair of gray colored pupils, a small pointy nose, two highly protruded cheekbones, and a cliff chin, all are covered in a golden tinted skin tone, decorated with dark tan colored freckles. I sighed with beauty.
I rolled to its shiny metal, reflecting off the sunlight as the sun beamed happily through the open window.
I did not open that window in my bedroom, either.
I exhaled with a puff of early annoyance, “Huh! Pbot or Hbot or whatever Bot you are? What?”
“Lady Rosa is inquiring about your whereabouts.”
“Stang!” I rolled my naked feet on the carpet and my torso upright, looking to see Bot that still looks like my silver trashcan back home, but bigger and cleaner.
“A lady noblette does not voice that word, Lady Starra.”
I ignore the talking trashcan, exhaling with a puff of more annoyance. “Tell her? I come there in five. No, ten, wait, fifteen minutes.”
Pbot recorded the strutting of Starra both vocally and visually like a true bot spy, and flew butt-hole-backwards with its rear view sensors out of her bedroom.
I blinked my eyelashes and stared at that funky robot move, pondering if Dirk could do that neat trick too. I shook my skull, breaking up the mush in my brain cells and stumbled from the bed to the bathroom, splashing cold water over my freckles, seeing my awful reflection inside the reflective mirror.
The lighted mirror greatly exaggerated the numerous black and blue markings on both my arms and my throat. The puffy gown had dutifully protected my lower body and my legs. Good for my body and bad for the beautiful dress, as I graciously hoped that Ann was a kind and forgiving individual about her personal piece of pretty property…. (like my p’s flows).
I whispered my new cute word that meant something unknown and worked just fine when pookie dookie hit the fan, “Stang!”
Rosa could probably sense with her telepathy my sore aching muscles, but her regular blue colored eyes could be blinded with my wicked deception.
I back stepped from the mirrors and slammed the wall, moving sideways through the archway, pacing to the furniture drawer. I searched the furniture chest for a more suitable outfit and dragged out my clean black turtleneck shirt from my Tele uniform and as, the high collar and both the long sleeves would cosmetically cover my war wounds. I jerked out my newly purchased cute black circular skating skirt and a new pair of black midnight tights from the old chest both gifts from Rosa.
I dressed like I was attending a funeral, at least it was not mine, after my irrational Tele performance last night or this morning or sorta kinda unclear on the specific time frame at the moment.
And I hoped with greatest sincerity nice and gentlemanly Bartholomew kept his word about not contacting me today and rising more suspicious questions about my rough appearance from Rosa’s non-covered eardrums, regarding Rann’s fun party.
Bot glided and landed in a chair, even with the nose profile of Starra, pointing its metal finger at his comlen, blinking with a circle of red arrows.
I painfully kneel on both kneecaps with a grunt of pain, “Play.”
The colorful comlen showed two pairs of shoulder blades and wiggling bee-hinds, who were dressed in black colored clothing and walked deeply into the yellow woodlands. One was carrying something…naw…someone.
I fingered the comlen and said with a lady sneer. “Explain.”
Bot silently ran the names above each rear view skull which went across the screen from the left to the right: Lady Rosa, Lord Dirk, and Lady Ann, whose skull was bouncing like a rubber ball in the arms of Dirk.
I said with a lady growl. “What’s the time of day for this frame?” The time period displayed in green colored number: ninth hour. I whispered to its audio eardrums. “During the game too that was why both Rosa and Dirk disappeared from my eyesight for the entire time of action play. What was Lady Ann’s disposition?”
DEAD. The word flashed in red colored capital letters, before my eyeballs.
I exhaled with a puff of disgust, not getting any answers in my bedroom while standing around here and admiring my face in the mirror. It was time to interrogate Rosa, now.
I shooed Bot with my hand as the robot flew butt-hole-backwards out the room, not bothering to awe at its flight performance, as usual. I stood and dropped my arms down to my kneecaps.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Heal.
At the 10th hour (mid-day) on the patio floor with the lunch meal during the heated day with bright sunshine, I entered the patio and smiled. “Good morning, Rosa!” I wore black funeral attire paired with my old Tele uniform black knee boots. I did not yell out with my known secret yet, because Rosa did not like my new boots or my new buddies from last night. And she might yell at me, first.
A pair of blue eyes, a queen-sized body, a head of blondish-gray hair, a tint of pale colored skin without the glowing pink cheekbones, Rosa cut her food with a knife and a fork not viewing her ward. “Good afternoon, Starra.” She looked up to see Starra, saying with a sour frown. “We must break your bad habit of sleeping through breakfast, my dear,” she grinned with tiny specks of yellow food between her front teeth.
I gagged and jerked my face to the wall concrete, looking for that pesky cockroach, and instead I see an abundant feast on the food table near, swinging to grab and eat a combined breakfast and lunch meal.
The prepared food items dripped and draped over an old faded and stained yellow-greenish colored tablecloth with an assortment of huge platters of fruits, meats, breads, vegetables, and dessert.
I piled an assorted colorful food items on my oversized plate and slowly pirouetted to Rosa, slowly walking to the table, slowly sitting with a grunt of pain in my seat.
My muscles stretched a different direction from my sitting pose and my bee-hind was thankfully for a thickly padded chair. I ate with a fork, a spoon, and two thumbs, not learning my teen social graces from Maritza, either.
Rosa tapped on her electronic thingy between her hands, entertaining her eardrums, because my neurons really did not give a fart about her upcoming vocal remarks. And my T-future seeing ability from my T-power of teleclairvoyance was pinging between both my eardrums that her words were not going to be nice or helpful to me either.
She looked up with a wicked smirk to see the hair roots of Starra. “Dirk told that you had a wild time at the palace of Prince Rann, last night.”
I gagged on the eggs, coughed, and swallowed, looking with pouted lips of food to see her smiling face. And Lord Creep was not only an enemy, but a tattle tale, as well. ‘Wild’ was a very strong word for Rann’s party last night. The word’ thrill’ described perfectly the death race against him.
I connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to Rosa: You told me to go and fly the zipper to the party.
She crinkled more wrinkles across her forehead and jabbed a finger at the nose tip of Starra, missing the golden freckled skin.
Good thing! My eyeballs were far away from that natural deadly weapon.
Rosa exhaled with a puff of annoyance. “You must be very careful with Rann, my dear. He is very…”
“…dangerous…” I smiled with a giggle between the bites of my delicious maple syrupy-soaked waffles.
“You read him as I do.” She nodded in approval.
I swallowed the lump of food. “Speaking of reading, I’m on page 1,200 in that big fat red coloring book,” I stuffed more food in my mouth and keenly observed her physical reaction.
She looked down at the electronic thingy, wiped her hands on the napkin, and looked up to see Starra, in that order, and said with a meek tone. “I see,” she looked down and shuffled the pretty glass ornaments on the table, pretending to be cool as a garden cucumber.
I was sorta impressed but wanted to be feared, so I said with a lady sneer. “Where’s Lady Ann?” I knew the fact but desired the truth from her and her real story.
“You tell me.” She looked up with a smile and a nod to Starra.
“She’s dead.” I crammed the buttered toast in my mouth, chewing and staring at her blue eyeballs.
“What proof do you have?”
“I cannot sense her presence in the house, in the gardens, or at the barn.” I looked across the dead yard, performing a Tele scan on the brown grass all the way to the red barn, then swung my face to the house. I exhaled with a puff of fear. “I feel an empty void, where her bedroom is located. There is a slight impression, no substance.” I turned with a sour frown to see Rosa.
She said with a grin and a nod, “Very good, Starra! Can you scan your Telepathic mind to the barn stables? Can you go beyond the wine cellars?”
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I performed a Tele dive straight down into the buried wine bottles of the old root cellar, underneath the rotten wood of the red barn. I executed a Tele leap down into the root system of the dying tree, and performed a Tele skip through the old graveyard. I cut off my Tele link, gasping for breath, opening my eyelashes, saying with a lady growl. “I have found more proof. Her body’s located down underneath the Bonita cemetery.”
“Excellent, Starra!” Rosa said with a smile and a nod.
I narrowed my eyelashes and said with a lady sneer. “You make this sound like a test, Rosa.”
She shifted the glass ornaments on the table, again. “I am sorry. This is not a test. You are correct. Ann has passed on. She was sick for a very long time.” She lifted and stared at her electronic thingy without any super mushy emotions as the adoptive mother of Lady Ann.
“What caused her illness?”
Rosa darted her eyelashes to the wall, looked for that pesky cockroach, and turned with a stern face to see Starra. “Bonita.”
I gasped as my mind raced for an explanation that a round ball of dirt could cause death to a person.
Rosa said. “This planet is linked to our life forces. The planet is dying or very close to death and it is taking all of us with it.” I sighed with deep worry.
That sucked! They were dying here. I used my conventional farm training to explain away the dead plants and the missing wildlife, but I never connected a Tele link to the people, animals, soil, vegetation, plants, and crops.
I said with a nod. “You drain the planet of life, then it drains you to survive, as well, and in the end all will perish. Incredible sucky!” I said with a sour frown. “Am I going to die too?” I wanted to know if my fool hearted intergalactic adventure was worth my final outcome, of my final breath, on a final piece of foreign soil. And I did not like those ‘f’ flow, ya’ll. I sighed with doom.
Rosa whispered. “The answer is no, my dear. You are different, very special. You are from planet Earth, an alien.”
I shouted and flung both my arms with both relieve and happiness. “Stang, let’s hear it for the aliens.” I slapped my hands back down the table with a thud, rolling my eyeballs, lifting the fork of food.
Rosa crinkled her wrinkles across her forehead and added more gray hairs to her blonde skull, saying with a sour frown. “You should not use that word, my dear.”
I chewed my food, wondering which word she was referencing: alien or stang.
Rosa said. “To answer your inquiry about Bonita, you will survive and be given the responsibility of continuing the Bonita line. No one else will be alive to perform this task, my dear. But I must prepare you for the job, thou,” nodding.
I mouth spat food on my plate and on part of the tablecloth for my fun. “Prepare,” then I swallowed the lumpy dough, inhaling air, exhaling more food particles for my annoyance. “I’m still reading the 5,000-page dang book. What more do I need to learn in this place? Stang…”
Rosa beautifully rolled her eyeballs, looking saying with a nod to Starra. “We should discuss your studies, so far. You have learned that Rex is the king of the universe, but he is not the wealthiest noble. By far, he is last on the list of financial assets. Rex inherited his throne like most of the nobles. The aristocratic and the commoner are the only two classes from birth. The king rules with his daughter Queen Rita, who also possesses no currs. The currs from the kingdom comes directly from taxes levied on the planets of the noble and the noble economy.”
I wiggled my eyebrows with the secret to her. “I believe this would explain Rita’s behavior last night at the party. She was very, very friendly with Rann. Is he one of her many husbands?”
Rosa said with a frown. “Rann outfoxed Rita during the challenge. He declined the marriage.”
I swallowed the delicious sweet bread without foot spitting again. “Very entertaining to me.”
Rosa exhaled with a puff of annoyance. “Rex created that silly decree which forced his daughter to marry the highest male nobility of each planet. The noble action maintains their alliance to him and the currs to his treasure chest.”
“So you disagree with the royal law?”
She nodded. “I do. There are other elite members in the royal noble committee meeting that think the same way, as you do.”
“Are you not suspicious about Rita and Rann, whom together might be plotting something against King Rex?”
She said with a giggle. “What a posterity idea, my dear? Nobles always want what they cannot have. I feel that dictum applies here and nothing more.”
I nodded to the nice and noble comment, but I totally disagreed. Anyway, I could find out with my deceptive skills, scouting and hunting for more information on my own, without her permission.
Rosa tilted her skull, and executed a Tele probe attacking the mind of Starra for more secret datum.
I felt the Tele invasion and raised both my eyebrows and my Tele shield around my mind and my body.
Rosa withdrew her Tele mind probe and asked. “Do you sense something more from Prince Rann?”
I kept my Tele shield up and working. “I do not.” I chewed the food. However, Rann possessed some conservative type of Tele mind probe thingy that gave my neurons a set of cold chills, last night and late afternoon.
Rosa smiled with a nod. “Poor, Dirk. He was delivered on my doorstep as a baby with a set of extraordinary talents. He was a wonderful child, full of life and energy, proper and obedience and then Dirk changed. I do not mean the typical boy to man changes. Dirk grew more intense and destructive. Baron Bartholomew and he are the same age, adding to the boyhood competition and bouts growing up on Bonita. Dirk participated in every race, match, and contest against Bartholomew, even with Dirk’s special powers, he could never defeat Bartholomew. When Bartholomew inherited Agri and became baron, Dirk became intensely jealous of him and anger at the entire aristocratic system. Dirk had been removed from a prominent noble family and placed in a simple life on Bonita. The decision was made to hone his extraordinary skills. Instead, Dirk resented his position here with no power, no currs, and no domination.”
I sounded with a burp and finished all my food like a good girl. So Lord Creep was a just another bad kid, sorta like the other bad kid Bartholomew and his wall collision with his zipper during another teen death race with a set of male egos. I sighed with mystery.
“Is that strange for a Tele like Dirk?” I said.
“It is not. Tele skills come from within an individual’s energy source. It does not matter, if you are weak or strong with your talents. It depends on the situation you consume or create or concave. You must remain constant with your emotions, if there are too many peaks and valleys, the talents do not perform at their maximum output.” Rosa said.
Been there, done that.
I said with a nod. “I agree. I have experienced that mental condition too, not fun, but scary.”
“Dirk never heeded my words. He was consistently flexing his mind with too many multiple directions. There was no solid metaphysical foundation for him to stand, hypothetically speaking and thus, the total defeat of Dirk by Bartholomew all those years ago as a growing teen.”
“Has this created vengeance in him?”
“I suspect the case for poor Dirk is associated with ruthlessness rather than jealousy, Starra.” Rosa consumed her tea.
I decided the personality of Dirk was vengeance, ruthlessness, and jealousy. I sighed with danger.
“I sensed strong bad vibes from Dirk when I first had encountered him here on Bonita.” I said.
Rosa flipped her hand in the air with disapproval. “Do not worry about Dirk, my dear! This is the final test of your lesson to defend yourself against people like Lord Dirk.”
I frowned. “There are more…”
“I noticed Baron dropped you off at the front door, this morning. He is a very nice man and one of the richest nobles in the galaxy. Bartholomew, also, maintains fair values for his people on his home world of Agri. He has set up a community for the commoners to equally share in the land, crops, and profits. Bartholomew governs the planet, but the people own the rights to their farm land and their agricultural products. It is an efficient and an effective economic system for both parties. The Agrians enjoy a peaceful social climate of both family values and traditions. They attend the games, parades, and are well received in the royal noble committee meeting, but they decline to occupy a seat and allow Baron to be their representative. Bartholomew has worked very hard to make his people equal business partners and equal citizens in the oligopoly society. He supports King Rex as ruler but likes to voice his opinions, changing the society to a more democratic culture.”
I laughed out loud, “B.A., he is a rebel leader. I never would’ve guessed that one.”
Rose said with a lady sneer. “Mind your manners, young lady! Bartholomew is not a rebel. He is a pioneer for lost causes.” Well, that had explained his protection over Starra last night, who had been another lost cause. Starra finished the eggs and grabbed an orange, munching on the juicy meat. Rosa poured a glass of water.
I pondered Lady Rosa. She rejected her adopted son Dirk, but approved of Bartholomew’s unorthodox methods, and supported powerless elderly Rex.
She smiled with a nod. “Prince Rann is rich, powerful, and influential.”
I smiled. “You forgot dashing...”
“Do not ever cross Rann! Even I cannot predict the outcome of his behavior.”
Or protect me, I bet.
“He has currs and reasons for his actions, so you are to treat him as royalty and move along.”
I desperately desired data about Dirk and Rann’s social arrangement, but Rosa was not going to oblige.
She said. “I must mention the function of the royal noble committee meeting. The highest noble or a chosen delegate represents each planet which is usually their spouse or one of the older siblings. I have selected you to represent me, this time.”
I stopped chewing and continued the stare in her blue eyeballs.
She smiled with a nod. “The court members review the agenda items and submit all the names of their attendees from their individual planet that plan to enjoy the celebration, as well as, each vendor market, numerous evening dances, the parade party, and the game sporting event.”
I swallowed the food item and said with a giggle and a smile. “Jubilation Day is the social gathering that I stumbled into after my arrival on Commerce with Rita and Lad.” I had cancelled Rita’s wedding with a proverbial axe to her swan neck. I sighed with chop.
She said with a sour frown. “This is not a funny topic, Starra. You will be representing Bonita and me. I don’t want any more flamboyant stunts, young alien. You’re an elite member of the galaxy, now. You’re to support Rex with a hundred percent of your heart, your mind, and your soul, now.”
I noticed that Rosa utilized English word contractions as she got more miffed off with my irrational English sentences and tried to correct me as an alien or the alien or just plain alien. I sighed with alien.
“I guess B.A. is influencing my teenly behavior.” I giggled and coughed, before I choked to death on my food. Then I would not be an earth alien, but a heavenly angel.
She exhaled with a puff of frustration. “Nonsense! You have acted defiant, since your arrival, before meeting Baron. In the private chambers of the royal noble committee meeting, you can refute any laws you see as unjust with the appointed members. That is why I am sending you there. I want no more humiliating situations for you or me.”
I chewed and swallowed. “The book states that the commoners are restricted…”
“Citizens are not restricted. Rex makes each noble pay him three hundred currs per citizen on Commerce in attendance of all the celebrations. This financial method limits the number of citizens, so each citizen gets to have fun….”
“….and play reindeer games, Mrs. Santa Clause. Unfairness is applied to both the nobles and the other absent commoners here...”
“You are not alone in that theory. Rex needs the currs to pay the expenses on planets Bio, Tech, and Uni along with the non-money making twin space stations of Militia that guard the Wall…”
“From what?”
Rosa cleared her throat. “They do not generate revenues to afford food or merchandise, if the king does not subsidize them. Therefore, Baron Bartholomew, Prince Rann, and Lord Dirk have devised an economic plan establishing schools, hospitals, police staff, and technological ventures on each planet. Hence, it will reduce the taxes to the kingdom and provide better business opportunities for the commoners as independent merchants.”
“Great idea, so delaying the implementation is…”
“Rex.”
“Is that a problem or revolution, ma’am?” I said with a giggle, eating and chewing my food.
She added more crinkles to her wrinkles on her face and more gray hairs to her skull. “Heed your words, young lady. You speak of mutiny and treason against King Rex, which is punishable by hanging.”
I shook in my knee high boots from her sucky warning.
Naw!
Get a reality check, here, old woman! My true number one enemy was Dirk, who did not like me, and pretty much hinted that he wanted me dead per my powerful Tele powers of telepathy.
I snapped my neurons back to reality.
I noted Rosa had not discussed page 1,205 at our happy chit-chat. I smiled with a nod. “You have covered people, places, and proper events, but I do believe that you have neglected one subject.” I performed a Tele toss on the eaten fruit in the litter basket on the wall with my telekinesis, hearing a thump. “The book does not mention the dilemmas of war, battles, riots, famine, poverty, diseases, plagues, radiation, or cosmic storms. I find the absence of one of these phenomena remarkable for an advanced civilization over a million years old. Has the galaxy always been free of disasters?”
Rosa narrowed her eyelashes at Starra.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
She said with a sour frown and a matching tone. “You are very perceptive for an alien, who has not finished reading the book from my galaxy. The missing pages detailed the account of a terrible and horrible episode which is known as the Sickness. It occurred over five hundred years ago. The event affected every man, woman, and child on both sides of the Wall and in the two sun solar systems. No person was immune. One billion citizens died in less than one month.”
“Stang!”
Rosa beautifully rolled her eyes which was one of her flavored physical behaviors to Starra.
Unbelievable!
The poisonous radiation fallout from Earth’s atmosphere took over forty years to kill billions of Earthlings, compared to this short and sweet intragalactic disaster.
“The Sickness manifests in a victim with only a fever. As the body temperature rises, the person falls into a coma. The patient expires peacefully or awakes to a madness of the mind within two days. There is no cure for the Sickness.”
I did not bother reading that red book last night, so I did not know this information, but now I did. “Boom!” I flung both my arms and slapped them down on the table with a thud, smiling at the right time, at the right place, but the wrong fairy tale. I grabbed a piece of sweet bread, munching and chewing.
She dropped and closed her mouth, seeing Starra bad teen behavior, and cleared her throat. “Fortunately for us, we have not seen any symptoms of the disease in the past five hundred years.”
“So every person, who did possess the Sickness and live to tell the tale, what happened to them? Your citizens are descendants from the affected patients. True?”
“True.”
“You found a cure for the madness?”
“I told you, Starra, that no cure was found.” Rosa stared at her ward, wanting Starra to play her little mind game.
I chewed my bottom lip. There were millions of citizens, who woke up to a madness of the mind which made them crazy, insane, and unpredictable inside their screwy brains and their physical behavior. I said with a nod. “So, you controlled them.”
She said with a nod. “Please continue...”
I looked to the right and then to the left, shaking my neurons awake, and as my brain activated with an explanation, then I looked with a sour frown to see her. “You controlled their minds. I deduced that from your hint and your helpful words, madness of the mind.”
“And…”
“…. their mushy brains cells. You brainwashed the mind of each citizen to control the Sickness.” I sighed with slavery.
“Pretty good for a teen alien,” Rosa said with a giggle, sipping on her teacup.
“Based on your biological facts, I’m immune from the Sickness, because I’m from Earth.” I sighed with relief.
“You are correct, again, being two for two. You have a very sharp and quick mind, Starra. Do not lose it.” She said with a wicked grin.
I piled my dirty utensils on my dirty plate, feeling funeral home pity for these poor ill-sickness patients, asking. “What caused the Sickness? What are your methods of control for the sick patients?”
Rosa said with a wicked smirk to Starra, slowly standing. “Your lessons are finished for the day. Tomorrow, we will begin anew and try to be prompt for breakfast, my dear,” she spun and left the patio.
Rosa acted like Peter always taunted with a set of more questions rather than more answers and exhibiting more talk than action. I sighed with frustration.
I left the patio too, jogging up the staircase to my bedroom with my full tummy and my active neurons, working on my new homework assignments with the information. And my new homework assignment was not coming from that bulky heavy red coloring book either. I sung with a giggle. “O, Bot! Where are you hiding, darling? I have a new assignment for your smart and electronic circuits.” I laughed with an evil twang.
Alien Day Eight


11th hour (early afternoon)
Private chamber setting of Starra
Sunny day with dry air and light winds plus hot temperatures


I was warm and cozy underneath the soft bed covers, a sharp pointy object attacked a left shoulder, and as I swiftly flipped a left eyeball to my annoying attacker.
Bot sat on the floor and droned at the bedside of Starra. “Pami, I have finished my research for your requested inquires. First, I have a high priority message from Lady Rosa. You’re to meet her on the patio in ten minutes.”
I whined. “Dang! I missed breakfast again, too.”
Bot flew around her room and performed its usual routine, raising the window shades, pouring fresh water into the glass pitcher, and picking up the unused clothes. It hung them one at time in the closet.
I rolled from the bed, moving to the window, narrowing my eyelashes in the bright yellow sunshine, seeing the brown crumbling bricked patio and the dying yellow and brown flowers in the garden courtyard.
Rosa wore an electric blue jumpsuit from her chin down to her ankles which was neatly tucked into a pair of shiny black boots, performing a series of combined jumping jacks, knee squats, and waist side folds, standing on top of the yellow and brown colored dead dirt.
I whined. “Dang! This is going to be fun too, today.”
Bot arrived on queue with her newly washed and ironed clean funeral attire, consisting of her black turtleneck, her matching skirt, and her nicely polished black colored knee high boots.
I dressed without brushing my hair or my teeth, running down the stairs and into courtyard, looking and feeling ugly.
At the 12th hour (early afternoon) on top of the patio floor in the outside warm temperatures with bright sunshine and slight breeze, Lady Rosa rose from the chair and sipped on her tea, sniffing the orange aroma up her nose holes.
I moved to the patio, raising my arms and smiling with a nod. “I’m here. I’m up and I’m ready.”
She was not smiling and stared at Starra. “Today, I am going to test your Tele powers. I need to understand your weaknesses and your strengths.”
I swung to the food table and filled a breakfast plate of food, twirling around with the food intact, bouncing to the shared table. I performed a Tele lift with the empty chair and swirled the seat around to face me. The plate and I landed on top of the appropriate surfaces at the same, cool trick. I chewed the food and stared in her dancing blue colored eyes, daring her to perform a Tele probe on my open mind.
I don’t possess any weakness, mama.


I mentally back flashed past two weeks ago, when I had endured, exceeded, and excelled at a set of very vigorous routine of tests of Tele Training for one month on my home world of Planet Earth under the barbaric reign of Peter Martin, my evil earthling commander.


Then I mentally flashed back into present within my active mind.
So, toss the bed and the book at me, baby.
I grinned with my tight lips and chewed my food as my grandma had taught me, swinging my face to see four tables which were full of killing person weapons, beautifully lounging side by side against the wall.
Table numbers one, two, three held one beautifully engrained jeweled golden dagger which was similar to the dagger belonging to Bartholomew.


I mentally back flashed past into the previous night, during the hot non-romantic Sahara night, when I had sliced my prom gown up, down, and sideways in the death race with Rann.

I also had won with my super inflated ego plus a big gigantic chunk of T-power, beating Prince Rann, to boot.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present and stared at the ugly furniture pieces.
Table numbers one, two, three displayed a set of three straight bladed swords, three curved bladed sabers, six arrows with golden colored tips, and six plain old straight non-poisoned darts. The fourth clothed table showed the ultimate scary death weapon, four masers.
Well, darling, I had experienced death in my hands, when I shot a maser on my first day of alien fun, while I hid inside the abandoned warehouse on planet Bonita.
Each burning colored beam of a maser was emitted from a small rectangular shaped black colored weapon and it prettily burnt that old dried out big and tall tree into a plume of red and yellow ashes, after I murdered it back there on Bonita, when I stole the maser from carrier compartment.
These were nasty weapons, indeed.
I desired never, ever absolutely and not to use one against a living and breathing rude person or a scared animal or an innocent plant life.
Masers were distinguished by a single burning bright color of blue or yellow or green or red, where the color of yellow was the lowest wave intensity setting for a first degree burn to your mean neighbor.
The green sting burn was a medium wave for a second degree burn to your rude table guest.
The red maser displayed the highest wave setting of a third degree burn for your ultimate enemy. The red wave lasted way too long, and disintegrated way too beautifully any citizen or animal or thing in violently pain and suffering. Yeah, I studied sometimes.
The blue maser carried a minor setting, but a long time lingering stun numbing charge. I sighed with dread.
The clean white uniform, with a yellow girly satin sash on an honor guard of Militia, carried around a maser with permission from their noble for certain intragalactic special events.
The nobles and noblettes decorated their planetary noble attire with an assortment of swords, sabers, darts, and personal daggers. Commoners were restricted to daggers. And Rosa had happened to acquire and display an entire set of those four illegal weapons here in her personal noblette castle on dead and dying planet Bonita. I sighed with adventure.
The food and drinks lounged on the fifth table, looking alone.
Rosa drained her teacup of warm tea, studying the electronic thingy in her other hand. Pbot hovered behind her protectively like a woof puppy. She pointed to one of the killing weapon tables and instructed with a bossy tone. “On the first table, I would like for you to throw all the weapons, using your right arm. I will be measuring your results. I would like for you to use and pitch the second table of weapons, using your left arm. The third table of weapons will be tossed, using your Telekinesis powers, only. The fourth table, we will discuss later. Dirk trained using this method, too, which was a very effective means of test and score.” She stood and stared at Starra.
I slowly stood, shaking the table legs on purpose, and parted my pink painted lips with a set of invisible words, staring at the weapons and mentally thinking. This dang, stang, and stupid experiment is killing the entire day for me.
Rosa giggled, using her Tele power of telepathy, and performed her own Tele probe her ward, slowly spinning to a dying yellow field of dead crops, saying with a nod. “I have marked the battle course with a series of blue flags. Can you see them?”
I swung my distorted face to the field and shuddered with my creepola sensations, seeing that the first electric blue marker, going passed the barn, over the underground wine cellar, and a little bit beyond the grave site of dead and buried Lady Ann. I mathematical calculated the distance with both my human eye sight and my T-sight, saying with a sour frown. “1,250 feet away.”
“The precise measurement is at 1,250 feet or a quarter mile between each blue marker. You may begin.”
I scratched the pretend fleas from my skull and whirled around in my cute circular skirt, and moved to the first table, facing the wall. I touched the first dagger with my right hand, lifting the weapon from the tablecloth, pitching it butt-hole-backwards without turning and looking at the tree.
The dagger slammed and stuck the center of the tree trunk precisely in the middle of cloth blue flag.
Pbot electronically recorded the hand pitches of Starra as Rosa typed the math figures and word comments on her electronic thingy.
I rolled my eyeballs and repeated my awesome throwing butt-hole-backwards technique for each single weapon consisting of a pretty dagger, a silver sword, a golden saber, a brass arrow, and a small platinum dart from table number two, using my left bicep which was attached to my hand and my five finger pads.
On table number three, I used my T-power of telekinesis with no bicep, no hand, and no fingers, and performed a Tele lift, raising each weapon from the table in the air, positioning them all parallel with the tablecloth. Then I performed a Tele shove, flying the weapon through the air away from my neck and shoving into the hard bark of the numerous trees.
Finally, I two stepped and stood in front of the first elegant killing illegal maser weapon, the yellow maser.
Rosa ordered. “There are three humanoid shaped dummies located in the open field. One dummy is yellow. Another one is green and a third figure is red.” She was very good at killing dying trees and pretty bright pieces of stitched fabrics. “Hold each maser with your hand and singe the dummy’s right arm. I think you are beginning to understand my next logic steps.”
I did not bother to touch the maser like instructed. Instead, I performed another Tele lift, lifting the maser from the table, wiggling it behind my collar bone and away from my earlobe and my hair strands. I executed a Tele press on the button and activated a stream of yellow beam, using my Tele soar of telekinesis to carry the yellow beam to a stationary silly orange colored scarecrow-like dummy which was from 5,000 feet, which was one freaking mile (Bonita math) from the patio.
My Tele nostrils sniffed the nasty burnt dry hay and brown weeds inside the guts of the non-scary scarecrow from a burning maser yellow colored blast.
Then I precisely performed a Tele repeat of the same Tele technique, three more times for the three different colored masers, the blue, the red, and the green.
Pbot hustled and flew in hyper speed and doused the flaming fuming fiery fire on the dang dumb dummy.
Rosa slowly trotted behind Pbot for an elderly woman, measuring the depth penetration of the weapons in the trees, on the grass, and to the clouds, and all had been hand tossed by Starra.
I laughed out loud, “Stang!”
Bot leaped, well, okay, flew from the dark hidden corner.
I twirled in a circle, smiling with a nod. “I’m good at this.” I grabbed the food, munched, and kneel, listening and learning about his new homework assignment.
Bot landed on the smooth stone and droned. “Pami, do you want to hear the results of my research?”
“Proceed.” I felt the sweet apple juice roll down my lips and over my chin.
Bot droned. “I have searched for all references regarding the topic, fever. Over the past five hundred years, one hundred twenty-five cases of fever had been recorded and reported to the main bot center. All the victims had succumbed to a deep coma and died in two days.”
“What are the time frames for the infection?”
“Sixty-eight years ago.”
“Did all one hundred and twenty-five cases died sixty-eight years ago?”
“Affirmative.”
“What were the official registered planets that recorded this infection?” I asked.
“Uni.”
“Only one planet, out of nine healthy worlds?” I was very surprised, finishing the apple, reaching for the sweet bread with tons of thick white icing. Yummy for my tummy.
“Affirmative.”
“Who are the patients infected?” I was curious.
“The victims were one hundred twenty children and five adults…”
“Stang!”
Bot droned. “A noble lady does not purposefully choose to verbalize that particular word, Pami.”
I flipped my hand for disapproval and sucked off the icing from the sweet bread. “Are there any testimonies for the infection?”
“Affirmation.”
“Identify the people and read their account of the story.”
“There was only one witness, who was noble Lady Rosa of Bonita. Her testimony stated that a fever consumed one hundred twenty students and five teachers on planet Uni, during a morning school session. The patients were immediately transported to the hospital on planet Bio for urgent medical treatment. By late afternoon, all patients had succumbed to a deep coma. The next day, they were declared dead. The death total included one hundred twenty children aged at four years old and five mature adults.”
“She knows. She knows everything.” I said, looking down to the floor.
“I cannot comprehend that command, Pami.” Bot droned.
I looked up to see my trusting spy. “Bot, how old is the noble Lady Rosa of the planet Bonita?” I really did not want to hear this answer.
“She is two hundred forty-four years of age. Her birth date is…”
“Stop!” I swung a sour face to see both Rosa and Pbot, who were hip hopping like a pair of jack rabbits in the short yellow weeds out in the field. I whispered for my eardrums and the audio sensors of the bot, only. “They are older than they look. Madness of the mind, only an advanced race could control a citizen’s mind and achieve a set of superior telepathic abilities. What about Lord Creep?”
Bot droned. “Please restate the question, Pami.”
I swung a smile to see Bot. The robot did not understand my nickname for Dirk. I needed to reprogram its hot circuits at a later time, deleting my wicked pet names that I had collected from day one of entrapment as an alien. I asked. “How old is Dirk?”
“The noble Lord...”
“Stop with the dang titles and give me a whole number.”
“Seventy-two point…”
“So, the number of seventy-two minus the number of sixty-eight equals four. He was four years old when the Sickness appeared. They killed his classmates. Or did he kill them?” I looked down to the patio brick.
Bot sounded with a soft whistle, a verbal warning.
I looked up with a wicked smirk to see my new friend. The robot was very devoted to me. I swung a sour face to Rosa, who was stumbling over the yellow grass and moving to the patio. I commanded. “Bot, I want you to go into a scan mode with no verbal commands from anyone person but me.” I turned to see his eye ports. “Do you understand?”
I was probably in deep puppy pookie, now, probably more like big T-rex danger, stumbling across both the hard and the soft electronic evidence of Rosa’s cold blooded murder, a few decades ago. I wished beyond wishes that I had time to delete the inner guts of Bot that contained all his electronic records and requests of my verbal requests, leaving a non-fairy tale ending of my personal electronic audit trail of my private snooping.
I was a mainframe computer programmer on planet Earth.
Believe me, pressing a delete key did not work. The e-files did not disappear. They were transferred permanently to a cyberspace bank which were chopped up into tiny bits and bytes in the physical computer brain that stored zillions upon zillions cyber memories. Or they could be retained for centuries which was 1000s of years until the data was purged or stolen or copied by a competent cyber space programmer or an illegal hacker, which was me.
I plotted a plan to hack Bot’s inner core and remove my spy data tonight.
Bot’s comlen shone in green colored letter the word: AFFIRMATIVE.
I ordered. “Now, scat, shoo!” I flipped my hand for dismissal and slouched in my chair, slurping on the cold beverage.
WHAT IS YOUR COMMAND? The blue colored words formed on the comlen of Bot.
I pointed my manicured pink painted index fingernail which had been painted for B.A. and jabbed the digit into the castle room with a new sneering command. “Leave and hide, Bot! Go!” Bot lifted and flew butt-hole-backwards from my eyesight, looking like a weird-o UFO, disappearing around the wall corner. I turned with a fake smile to see Rosa with my human eyeballs, but my Tele sight saw a better mystery.
Pbot had replaced all the burnt dummies with a harem of new models and was flying butt-hole-backwards beside Rosa. She stepped on the patio and posed like a queen, wearing an evil smirk.
I licked the gooey icing off my fingers and my lips with my pink colored tongue, burped, and smiled with a goofy grin to Rosa.
“I want you to use your telekinesis powers to throw each weapon, this time, from this table.” She strolled and patted on an old faded and torn yellow colored table cloth in the far wall corner. I sighed with rebellion.
I sat and faced the burnt grass, eating the third sweet roll, saying with a tart timber. “Rosa, how do you think that I was able to toss a tiny sixty-fourths of an inch dart top over 99,999 feet away or burn an orange colored stuffed non-scary scarecrow dummy of yellow dry weed into ugly gray ashes with a single maser shot? I have been using my Tele powers for each and every awesome dazzling kill-your-enemy strike…”
“That is not an accurate statement, Pami.”
I swung my curls and burnt her pretty face with my invisible fire balls, which did not melt.
Rosa said with an arrogant smirk. “You used your physical strength to toss a weapon coupled with your telekinesis to reach the target. There is a difference. Even as a child, you played and worked, using your physical muscles and your innate strength. You cannot help it. Bones and muscles are meant to grow in strength with each use like your Tele powers which you so often label your talents. You are also a gifted telepathy. Why do you not communicate with citizens, using your brain waves, instead of verbal commands? That is an easy and more efficient method of talking. You cannot do that so, because not all citizens are telepathic in nature, only a select few of talented Teles. Therefore, you must learn to communicate in a different and a distinct useful two methods using your verbal words and your telepathic mental images, depending on the circumstances.”
I nodded in silence.
Rosa said. “Telekinesis is the same process. Sometimes, you use hundred percent of your physical strength to achieve your objective. When it is too difficult, your telekinesis powers kick in to assist which is a natural reflex for Teles. You have successfully demonstrated this coupling with the weapons on tables one and two. I have found in my experience pure telekinesis ability is not always hundred percent utilized. Your Tele powers are based on a stable continuous emotional flow. You said when stressed they did not work. I want you to distinguish between your mixed coupling effect and your pure Telekinesis energy.”
I exhaled with a puff of frustration. “You are right. I am wrong.”
“There is no right or wrong method, Pami. I am preparing you to face an opponent of equal or greater strength than yourself in battle, who you will defeat in any situation.”
My eyeballs turned to see the wall corner, looking for that peaky cockroach, worrying like a little kid at the boogie man underneath the bed mattress.
She patted the table again. “The weapons on this table will assist me in measuring your maximum telekinesis limit. I want you to try to think of it as a basis for improvement.”
Improvement!
Now, she was insulting me.
Rosa ordered. “Levitate each weapon and strike the target. Only this time, use a hundred percent of your mind.”
I slowly stood from my chair and gathered my pure Tele energies. My four Tele energies were telepathy, telekinesis, teleclairvoyance, and telemetabolics which translated to me, use it all at once.
I looked up to the roof, checking the height of the ceiling, and I looked down to the floor, checking the depth of the patio. I looked ahead to the field and performed a Tele sight, seeing the flagged trees as the targets, the low stumps as the obstacles, and a new set of erected dummies as the numerous horse faces of Dirk. I flipped my hand to the side, motioning for Rosa and Pbot to back away from the target trajectory, and stood with my arms tapping down at my kneecaps, not moving to stood beside the killing weapon table either.
Don’t need to, Jack.
The killing weapon table contained a deadly set: one straight bladed silver sword, one curved bladed golden saber, six polished brass arrows with golden colored tips, and six tiny darts next to four distinct masers for my required Tele task.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Target.
For drama, I swirled my neck muscles around and around and gathered the invisible east to west current winds around the table, creating a Tele wind could, fluttering the faded and torn yellow tablecloth. I performed a Tele lift, covering the tablecloth over all the weapons, raising the tablecloth and my arms in the air, all at the same time. I circled my hands and pulled a Tele bubble around both the tablecloth and the weapons, securing that the cloth didn’t explode during it upcoming Tele flight. I flung both my hands and my arms forward away from my smile and performed a Tele shove forward on the tablecloth and the weapons, flying them from the table and through the air.
I wiggled both my hands and my arms and performed a Tele break, removing the tablecloth as it hit the ground. The weapon scattered to the appropriate target and impaled with a perfect strike.
Thank you, mama!
Each sharp metal weapon pierced the center cloth flag and each maser stood in front of the dummy and burnt a perfect one-inch hole on the top of the straw skull of the four dummies. Then the maser fell to the dry grass.
Pbot hauled metal to the three incinerated dummies, burning down the dry field.
I said with a giggle. “I got a little carried away.” I twirled my body, and as my skirt pirouetted in a circle to face Rosa too.
Rosa stared at the pierced targets in timeless space and mum with speechless peace.
I giggled and wiggled my fingers and performed a Tele grab on the fourth yummy sweet bread, slamming it to my lips and licking off the white frosting imprint with my pink tongue. I waited for four, three, two, one and zero seconds.
Rosa slowly parted her lips and said with a whisper. “I am very impressed with your Tele exhibition. Striking multiple targets simulation with each weapon, all at once, is a marvelous feat. Congratulations, Starra.”
I grinned with the white icing clinging to my tooth enamel and cleaned my teeth with my pink tongue.
Rosa continued to stare at the pieced targets in the field. “I have one more request. Can you retrieve all the weapons together and deposit them back on the single table again?”
I rolled my eyeballs and twirled my skirt in a circle, looking to see the field, whispering for my eardrums only. “Dang! Let us see the Tele perform another neat trick.” I held the half-eaten sweet roll in my mouth and dropped both my dirty hands against my legs.
I connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to Rosa. Watch this!
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I did not use my hands or my arms or my neck this time, standing like a princess statue on the patio brick. I performed a Tele jerk, yanking each weapon from the target and used a Tele lift, raising all the sharp weapons and smooth masers, wavering and waving hello each butt-hole of the handles in the air. I pulled the invisible air currents and wrapped a Tele bubble around all the butt-hole-backwards weapons. The Tele bubble kinda glittered underneath the bright yellow rays of sunlight in my Tele-sight. I performed a Tele grab on the weapons facing the wrong way, and flew the Tele bubble back to the patio brick.
Then I gathered the north and south invisible air currents and built a second Tele bubble and performed a Tele sail into the first Tele bubble.
The Tele explosion sounded with a howl, bursting the two Tele bubbles in more invisible air currents, sending all the weapons back to the table on the patio.
I guided with a Tele shove all the weapons down to the table and performed a Tele split, replacing each weapon in its original spot with a clank. I chomped on the sweet bread, letting the bread fall down to my hand, catching it, chewing.
“Outstanding.” Rosa said with a smile, moving to her chair, typing in her electronic thingy.
I turned and moved to the table, seeing that each weapon still hugged pieces of tree bark, brown dirt clods, and grass sedge stains on both blades and hilts, mentally thinking. Awesome job, Starra!
“What were Lord Dirk’s results, Rosa?” I was dying to know how my number one un-friend faired, especially before we meet in bloody battle soonest. I licked the icing, the best part.
Rosa said, typing on her electronic thingy. “I am not going to reveal his test scores to you that would not be ethical, as a teacher, but I can say that you will have no trouble defending yourself against him. Lord Dirk will be unpleasantly surprised, if he encounters you, my dear.”
My Tele power of teleclairvoyance echoed a frightful bloody future image in my brain cells, seeing a Tele sight of both me and Dirk. I squeezed my eyelashes shut, blocking out the upcoming future event. I sighed with anxietiness.
Yeah, it is a word, ya’ll.
“Chill out, Starra, come and finish your breakfast.” Rosa tapped on the table and worked on her electronic thingy.
I turned and moved to the seat, sitting and saying with a smile. “Chill out! Where did you hear that old expression, Rosa?”
“Earth.”
“Earth? Radio waves! You received a series of continuous low impact microwave waves through the wormhole. Didn’t ya? Yeah, of course, that all makes sense. And all this time, you have been hearing the earthlings.” I turned to see the pretty ring of red, blue, and yellow colors that continuously burned like a fire in a blue sky over a brown dying Bonita.
“I built an old fashioned receiver that I have obviously stored in the barn, without the evidence of real horses and their real smelly manure. My job, here, is to protect the wormhole, observing Earth is an added task that I have accepted as a guardian of true and justice.” Rosa drank her teacup of new tea.
I turned with a sour frown to see her. “You know about the finale final fate of Earth.” I gasped and as, my heart dropped down to my tummy with thousand and one fluttering and flying butterflies. I sighed with sadness.
She looked up with a stern face to see Starra and said with a soft tone. “I am afraid, I do. You can never go back, Starra. It is a death trap waiting to happen, as you and the other almost dead earthlings quote.”
“Are you implying there’s a real method of transportation for me to travel back home to Earth?” I parted my lips, staring at her.
She shook her curls, “I am sorry if I have given you that uncertain hopeful impression. The largest and swiftest star ship that we possess cannot penetrate the fiery wormhole, without burning into a glob of melted metal on the other side, like you experienced with your crash-landed ship. You will die…”
I turned with a sad pout to see the pretty ring of fire, feeling trapped, abandoned, and marooned.
Rosa smiled with a nod. “I can sense your determination to try. I will not interfere with your outside plans, ever, Starra. Remember this. I predict that you will succeed as a well-respected member of the noble community. I hope that you will accept your fate, here.”
I looked down with a sad out to my plate of food, exhaling with a puff of frustration, hearing that word, accept which was echoing between my earlobes, again.
I accepted my fate that I could change things with my Free Will. There was a way back home to Starbelt Plantation through the wormhole. So I would find it too.
Rosa attacked and searched for more mental thoughts from Starra with a Tele probe.
I jerked up with a sour frown to see her, and enforced my Tele wall, protecting my mental thoughts.
She slammed into Starra’s Tele wall, exhaling with a puff of defeat, saying with a smirk and a nod. “Frankly, I am in complete awe that you survived the deadly crash. No normal earthling could have done that majestic feat, my dear.”
“It was a majestic feat for me, my dear! So, you did use your equally majestic talent and discovered me as the alien.” I inquired further for the real truth as I had learned about her personal murder of one twenty innocent children to cover up for an evil Lord Dirk.
“I discovered that you are very special. I tracked the burning ship, but I could not see any life signs of earthlings. I will speculate that you had pulled your mental protective shielding so tightly around your physical body that I could not read your live life form.” Rosa smiled with a nod.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I gasped. “Then you followed me to Commerce.”
She smirked. “This galaxy holds 3,000,000 citizens. I know every noble and every commoner, metaphysically speaking, of course. All life forms emit a certain bandwidth of colored energy. Your light is very bright and very high like a shining beacon on a dark night that is how I was able to track you to Commerce. Thus, you know the rest of the story.”
There are 3,000,000 citizens plus one teen alien. I said with a lady sneer. “Gimme the names, within the other 2,999,998 citizens, that know about me or my shining light?” I worried about those other secret super beings that might be able to track my bright and tall Tele energy, since I planned to take care of it with my personal secret Tele talents.
Rosa looked at her electronic thingy, saying. “Dirk is the only other citizen capable of viewing who you really are, because I have trained him too. Do not be concerned with your make-believe silly notion. Dirk is too self-absorbed in both greed and pity to notice you. I imagine he does not question the pretend story of you being my long, lost cousin from the southern hemisphere on Bonita. And I believe that we have strayed from your original assignment.” She looked up with a smile and a nod to see Starra. “It is time for your maser weapon practice.” I sighed with apprehension.
During our deadly chat, Pbot had reset table number six with the four weapons of mass destruction in a pine box of death, ironically, four black shiny smoothed coated maser weapons.
Using my T-power of teleclairvoyance, I performed a Tele view on the pine box as I was able to see through a lead box, unlike some other sissy super heroes. I cramped more food in my mouth and chewed, mouth spitting on the plate, missing Rosa with my words. “Let me guess here. For my next neat trick, I pitch the maser over the moon.” I swallowed with a giggle.
Rosa looked up with a sour frown to see Starra. “Bonita does not have a moon.”
I arched my jelly-covered hand, saying with a giggle. “I’m teasing you, sweetheart, a joke, Rosa.”
She said with a nod, “A joke! Of course, your charming wit is sometimes a little misguided, but always entertaining.” She pointed to the table. “Are you rested, my dear? The next set of exercises is going to be very strenuous.”
“I’m ready.” I stood and saluted with two food stained fingers ten and wiped them on the faded and torn tablecloth with a giggle and a smirk.
Rosa smiled with a nod. “You have accurately hit all your markers all morning long. It is your turn to dodge the attacks. I need to record your response times for further improvement.”
I swallowed back down the uprising bile, turning to see the killing weapons on the last table. I would be playing a game of dodge ball with a battery of real artillery killing weapons that maimed, mangled, and mutilated any and all life forms, including me.
Without my Tele powers, I could predict my response time was going to be outstanding and I would probably break all of Lord Creep’s old set Tele records, because I wanted to continue to live, breathe, eat, pee, and pookie, all in that order too.
I mentally tucked my panicked feelings away and down to my pinky toe bones and mentally encouraged my freaking soul to survival. I sighed with survival.
If Dirk passed the Tele trials of Rosa, then I could too, since I was smarter, swifter, stronger, sweeter, and named Starra, too boot.
Rosa will not hurt me, on purpose, right, ya’ll?
She cleared her throat and pointed to the open fields of dead grass, dying trees, and little plant bushes.
I followed her finger to the open field of nothing, saying with a meek tone. “Do I get a weapon to defend my person against you, Rosa?”
She laughed with an evil tone and whipped her hand to the wall of weapons. “I will not give you a weapon, but a shield. I do not want to get hurt either. You are too accurate with your targets, Pami.” She laughed with her evil tone again.
I laughed and mouth spat my sticky salvia on top of the table surface. “A joke! You teased me with a joke. So, you do possess a sense of humor, also.” Rosa pointed to a half-body sized shield of golden color underneath the edge of the cloth table in silence. I spun around with a giggle and moved ahead towards the object, stopping and bent down at my kneecaps, grabbing with both my hands the horizontal handle behind the shield. I jerked with a grunt and tumbled backwards with a hiss, stumbling in the dead grass off the patio brick with a cuss. The heavy object swirled me around in a half circle, stopping and seeing the open field of Bonita. I exhaled with a puff of worry, slowly marching to the dead brown and yellow colored trees and plants. I sighed with doom.
At the 13th hour (early afternoon) on top of an open field of grass and weeds, the body shield and I both stopped and turned to see the patio brick about 1,500 feet from the castle.
Using her Tele power of telekinesis, Rosa performed her Tele launch, with a single dagger at Starra, flying at medium velocity.
I easily tracked the trajectory of the single dagger in my Tele sight and deflected the tip of the sharp little knife in the bark of the old tree stump, which was even with my collar at four feet and eight inches. Two more daggers performed a Tele soar from the hand of Rosa in a perfect parallel course over the dry weeds in a straight line to my skull. I leaped behind a fat tree to the right, blocking and protecting my precious body, not giving a fart about the two bejeweled daggers.
I jerked and levitated the two daggers out of the poor tree with a Tele fury of invisible natural wind currents, and performed a Tele shove to a dead patch of yellow colored flowers, so Rosa could not use them on my body again.
I also imprinted my Tele scent on the metal, kinda like an itchy smelling body sweat… (yeah, my personal BO on the metal, too boot). A Tele could do that for fun and revenge. If another Tele touched the metal, then it would burn their pinky finger for .0001 seconds, not a great defense maneuver, but dang farting fun both to see and to smell. I sighed with deception.
I suddenly wished that Dirk was playing dodge the sword with me today.
Two swords, four darts, and two arrows flew in pairs on a set of invisible wings, hitting and not in any specific order the old fat tree bark, where I hid. The two swords landed in brown dirt with a thump, taking out a couple of yellow bushes too.
The four darts and two arrows were much more accurate from the arm fling of Rosa, slamming into my shield, not me, with multiple tings, bouncing off and landing onto various plants with a set of multiple swishes.


I mentally back flashed past to my home world on Planet Earth, during my Tele training when Dan, the sword man had been a fiery ferocious freaking fart-hole.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present. I shuffled backward from the dry and crackling tree for more playing room and executed a Tele track on three more incoming swords, holding the shield in front of my chest, performing a Tele veer on the three weapons.
Each sword sailed up to the clouds, soared back down to the soil, and landed far away from my fanny.
Six daggers murderously completed a Tele stab center point of my shield with numerous tings as my tooth enamel rattled with a pop and my milk bones shook from alert, fear, and danger. I dropped down to my kneecaps and curled up into a kitten-ball from both exhaustion and protection.
“Too close! Too much! Too many!” I whispered, “Stang!” I looked up to the see sun and exhaled with a puff of exhaustion as the shrillness and exhilaration of the battle stimulated my mind, my legs, and my nerve endings with more upcoming vicious attacks from Lady Rosa. I smelled my stinky perspiration, pouring and flooding the dry weeds, coming from my face, neck, arms, and legs.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I tapped into my metaphysically Tele world and heard with my Tele eardrums a swish of the air currents, an unseen barrage of polished arrow tips and tiny darts coming at me again. I stood for the next real cluster of make-believe fun and daring darling damsel adventure.
I tossed my shield in the dirt, standing in the pathway of the approaching painful projectiles, raising both my arms in the air over my skull. The deadly throng was in my Tele sight, as I dropped my hands down to my kneecaps.
The tiny missiles flew to the right and to the left of my skull, piercing the tree bark, numerous tree limbs, the dirt soil, lots of yellow colored weeds. I dropped a folded body on my kneecaps resting, sweating, and thinking.
I performed a Tele sight using my T-power of telepathy at the set of masers, focusing on the color of yellow and as, a single fluid yellow beam which caused a first degree burn to my flesh, was heading to my kneecaps. I executed a Tele lift from the dirt and a Tele guard over my body, swinging the shield at the hot maser beam.
I completed a Tele slice, splitting the single yellow ray in three different directions which went in the dirt, in the tree, and inside a patch of wild vegetables, making fried potatoes for lunch, ya’ll.
And I was executing a Tele hold on the broken shield too. My shield absorbed half of the yellow fire. I stumbled backward by ten feet, half giggling with fun and half praying with survival, falling on my fanny, and as my neurons heavily questioned my physical exercise.
Lady Rosa will not hurt me, on purpose, right, ya’ll?
I exhaled with a puff of exhaustion, studying the gooey shield, seeing numerous burnt teacup and dessert plate sized holes through my sorry body protection. And my Tele powers cannot deflect this kind of firepower, in case, I died here next, ya’ll.
A second yellow beam surprised my face and my T-powers, crashing silently in the treetop. I curled into a kitten-ball over the dirt and covered my body with the damaged shield as dry tree bark and branches fell over the shield and my exposed body part. I whispered for my eardrums only. “Another one bites the tree into more sawdust.
I connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Rosa: If you’re trying to scare me, it’s working.
My dear, I am just making a point. She connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to Starra.
There are more subtle methods of communication. Let’s talk. I connected, linked, and then Tele talked back to Rosa.
A blue ray hit the same treetop for a second time as many tiny tree leaves, hundreds of twigs, and twenty-two broken branches tumbled down on top of me and the shield. This was not over with, ya’ll.
Then a fourth blue beam hit the new grove of dead trees in the open field and as, nature bombard my skull like tiny bombs also.
I slowly crawled on my fours on my two palms and my two kneecaps moving far away from the falling tree debris and rose like a phoenix or a phantom or a panicked person from the smoking twigs.
I executed a Tele dash for the hills, well, a sparse batch of dying short fruit trees about hundred feet and far away from the grove of tall burning trees. My Tele sight saw the big tree split in half and fall down to the dirt and as, my Tele ears heard a swoosh.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Using my T-power of clairvoyance, I executed a Tele vision, seeing numerous green colored maser rays, which caused a second degree burn to my flesh, coming right down on my hair roots. I gathered and collected the air currents and performed a Tele shove to my fanny to the fruit trees and as, the first beam hit behind the fanny with a tap, tap, tap….
This is like when you see in the movies, where the beam kills the dirt, not the girl.
Rosa was having too much fun blasting her killer rays at Starra.
I performed a Tele jump in the air and a Tele twirl to a pretty somersault, dodging and junking side to side in the air space from the fourth, not fifth, maybe sixth, and definitely the seventh attempt to kill me dead like road kill with a set of maser green colored fire.
I executed a Tele drop on the dirt and a Tele run to the first fruit tree.
Rosa was flawless with her maser aim as the ripe fruit burst into pint-sized bites over the hair roots of Starra, the tree limbs, and the ground dirt.
“Stang!” I slid down on my knees, rolling over the dirt to my face, covering my skull with both my arms and my hands and as, a volley of fruit pieces prettily exploded and painfully pelted my body.
And then all of it stopped.
I coughed and gagged with yucky fruit juice and seedlings adhering from my hair roots down to covered my toe bones. I performed a Tele shake and a Tele lift, tossing the fruity sticky pieces from my body. I panted for oxygen, lifting my freckles and looked around at my safe haven, once an ugly grove patch of dry standing short trees. Now, an ugliest assortment of missing leaves, broken limbs, burnt bark, and scorched fresh burnt fruit dripping and dropping down on the mushy brown field.
The tree bark brilliantly exploded in pretty red ashes with a red maser beam, which could cause a third degree burn on my flesh. I ate the dirt, hearing the shatter of more tree bark.
Time to find a new hiding place, ya’ll.
I screamed in terror, “Stang!” I lifted my freckles to face a solid stone wall which was 4,000 feet away from my shaking body. I stood upright from the dirt and crouched down at the waistline while performing a Tele run, ducking a chin down into the chin, bending my kneecaps and as my Tele sight saw the red maser beam. I slide down and slammed into the soft dirt as the red maser bean hit down into the dirt in front of my nose bridge. I lifted a body up a few inches from the dirt while performing a Tele snake-crawl on my belly button and slithered another 1,000 feet which was the quarter mark and ducked my skull down in both of my arms and as my Tele vision saw the next the flame of the maser. The red ray hit on the dirt beside my right arm.
I stood upright from the dirt and performed a Tele butt-crawl using my hands, wrists, ankles, and my toe bones towards the left and then towards the right and then more towards the right while shifting side to side as each descending red beam hit the dirt on each side of my boots. I was 2,000 feet from the solid wall, the half way mark. Then, I stood upright from the ground again and performed a Tele vault into four cartwheels, three round-offs and two forward handsprings towards the stone barrier advancing another 1,000 feet. I slapped the dirt and covered my skull. The red beam hit between my parted legs.
“Too close, Rosa! Too far, Starra! Too Tele time, ya’ll.” I whispered.
I performed a Tele dash, shooting my body up into a 180-degree angle and slapped my arms in my chest and twirled my body in a horizontal pattern. I gathered and collected the air currents with a Tele pull and surrounded my body, performing a horizontal Tele roll up and in the air and over the wall.
I continued to roll in the air, kicking out both my arms and my legs, performing a couple of cool sideways flips over the air and hit the ground with my boot toes. I stood upright, spinning and dancing in a several circles while slowing my momentum and dodging the numerous red maser rays from Rosa, all at the same time. I bent my kneecaps, spinning in shorter circles over the dirt, moving away from the wall, and still dodging red maser beams, ya’ll.
I performed a Tele leap, stretching my body to a spread eagle formation in the air and as, the single red ray missed. I laughed with amusement and executed a swift Tele drop down to the dirt, curling my body into a kitten-ball, facing the wall.
I executed a Tele roll over the dirt, in the air, and back down to the dirt, dodging the red beams at the same time, rolling forward to the wall, until the dizziness overtook my brain cells and I slammed the wall with my boot heels.
A couple more ray beams hit the dirt behind my fanny.
I tucked my body with bruised palms and bloody kneecaps and sucked the tiny water molecules from the stone wall for water nourishment, panting for oxygen, feeling hunger for food as a red ray ricocheted off the wall with a zing.
The other waves of red mean angry color belted the poor old stone wall, splintering in millions and millions of small pieces of gray pebbles, flying in the air and landing with a soft thud.
And then, it all stopped.
My regular eardrums hear, between the heavy rushes of my breathing, the birds happily chirping, the cool wind playfully fluttering with my wet hair on my sweaty face. The surviving tree leaves prettily danced for merriment in the slight breeze.
I am done, my dear. Rosa connected, linked, and Teled talked to Starra.
I was too tired to establish a metaphysical link to Rosa, slowly standing with a lady grunt, feeling my painful tissues, bones, muscles, and peek-a-booed both my hair roots and my eyeballs over the wall.
Pbot flew a white flag between its metal limbs to the wall.
I grinned and surrendered sitting my fanny down in the dirt, turning to the side wall, looking for the gate. I did not see a gate, mustering the last ounce of earthling-girl energy plus my Tele power of telekinesis in my body, standing again. I performed a Tele lift, raising my body over the tall wall and executed a Tele drop too quickly, landing on my elbows, first and my forearms and legs, second.
Pbot had stored the white flag and veered away from Starra, measuring the weapon penetration marks in the dirt ground.
I crawled on both my hands and my knees away from the wall and painfully stood and limped in my pair of three inched fashion heeled boots to the patio, sneering like a bear, cursing like a sailor, and snorting like a boar with a bout of unhappily and unfriendly words about Rosa.
On 14th hour (late afternoon) on top of the patio floor in the heated day with bright sunshine, Lady Rosa was not present at the eating table but in the fields recording my awesomest performance, since my newborn birth.
I meekly gurgled with a pretend laughter, because I was too tired to roar with pride. My black funeral outfit itched in numerous orange ant and red ladybug’s guts and was stained in the pretty colors of brown dirt, black mud, green grass, yellow fruit, and red blood which was mine.
I moved and stood at the food table. My kneecaps showed candy pink and baby blue scratches between the peek-a-boo shreds of torn black tights. My elbows painfully bent for the sweet bread, showing dark blue bruises and vivid blood red cuts from both crawling and wading through nature’s muck and mud.
I ate the sweet bread in one big bite, chewing and coughing out food particles over the other non-contaminated food plates, which I would eat later.
And I promise…
My gray shoulder-length hair was shampooed in yellow dirt, brown twigs, and wet red sticky fruit juice. And my poor boots wore several sets of nasty deep scuffs, beautiful cuts, and shaped geometric scars in the soft leather. I sighed with fatigue.
I stood at the food table, drinking straight from the elegant water pitcher and burped out loud A, B, C, the first vocal letters of the alphabet. I rudely wiped many gross sweat balls from many wet body parts on the pretty soft table cloth.
Rosa returned and sat at the table.
I swung and performed a snail-walk to my padded chair, sitting and not smiling, dripping water droplets over my face and my clothes.
She studied her electronic thingy.
Bot appeared beside my chair like a good servant. I gently pulled one boot, at a time, off my swollen ankle and handed the item. Bot loaded the boots on the protruded top shelf of his cylinder form. I meekly ordered. “Savage, if possible.” Bot performed a butt-hole-backwards flight from Starra and the patio, curving around the wall corner. I chewed the banana and spat out the mesh particles for my fun. “Did I pass?” Well, of course, I did.
“You failed.” Rosa said.
I gagged, choked, and spat back up the mushy piece of banana in my hand, without dying on the spot. I tossed the yucky baby food on the concrete and stared a set of my invisible fire balls at her.
And Rosa was not flaming, but I was sizzling.
She held her electronic thingy, saying with a smirk and a nod to Starra. “Would you prefer that I discuss each error step by step or a summary?”
My eyeballs shifted to her electronic thingy and fired my invisible eye lasers at the device.
And it did not flame either, but I was heated.
My Tele powers were not working as I sounded with a groan and a moan, faking a smile on my semi-dirty and bloody freckled face. “Please summarize.”
“You did not use your Tele powers, Starra. I tested your metaphysical level as a novice. The other levels are beginner, intermediate, advanced, and exceptional. Your level is, somewhere, between a novice and a beginner.” She nodded.
Gosh gee! Give me a freaking break, lady.
I was very new at this Tele stuff, training one month on Earth and two days here, ranking as a novice, a new person, a newborn or a newbie. I sighed with disenchantment.
“O.” I silently mouthed.
“Starra, you do not understand what I am telling you. You possess exceptional talents, but you still rely on the coupling factor of your physical strength plus your Tele power. That is not going to cut the muster, master.” Rosa grinned with a familiar ancient Earth expression. “You failed because you do not utilize a hundred percent of your Tele energy. In an active battle field, you do not need a physical weapon. Use this, here.” She touched her temple. “You carry it around with you, all the time, twenty hours a day, five days a week, and three hundred days in a year.” Rosa used the math measurements for a standard Bonita year, not a standard Earth year. She exhaled with a puff of frustration. “The proper action for this exam would be to stand in the open field and deflect weapon after weapon, using all your Tele power. No shields. No trees. No stones. No walls. And no mess, missy...”
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance. “I see and hear and taste and…and that it will take months, years, decades, and centuries for me…me to react like…like an exceptional super being, Rosa.”
Rosa said with a sour frown. “Stop play stuttering, Starra! And using your teleclairvoyance, can you see me throw the weapon?” She said with her pursed lips.
“Yes.”
“Using your telepathy, can you predict the trajectory?”
“Okay.”
“Using your telekinesis, can you deflect the object?”
“Do I have to answer that one?” I whined.
Rosa fingered her temple for a second time. “It is here, all the time. Use all your Tele energy to identify, track, and destroy it, before it destroys you.” She jabbed a finger and a nod at Starra. I sighed with shock.
I greatly disliked that word, destroy. Too strong. Too permanent. Too dead. And I did not like other “d” words, such as, destruction, disaster, damage, die, dying, dead, and death, either. I sighed with doom.
“I want you to retake the test using your newly acquired knowledge. I want to measure your improved Tele level.” She stood.
I slowly stood and said with a ghostly moan and a lady sneer and coughed from not breathing with my lady sneer, looking down with a sad pout to my naked feet then my dirty kneecaps and finally my dirty hands.
She shook her curls, looking down with a sour frown at the dirty hair roots of Starra. “I do not believe that we will retake the test today.”
I looked up and stretched my aching cheekbones into a fake smile to Rosa.
She smiled and performed a Tele scan on Starra’s physical body.
I was too exhausted to lift a Tele shield in defense of her invasion.
Rosa nodded. “I would say probably not tomorrow, either. I think you need a day or two of rest and recovery.”
I whispered. “Thank you.”
“The rest of the afternoon is your pleasure and relaxation. Do you need anything?” Rosa said with a sweet grin.
I said. “No thank you. I’m going to stuff my face, until I puke up all the sweet rolls and then I will lavish in hot steamy bath until prunie. And I will drop down to a cool bed, and sleep my eternal rest, until I awaken to a new dawn.” I slowly stood and swiftly ached with a few painful grunts.
Rosa said with a confused frown. “Is that a line from a famous Earth poem?”
I said without shaking any aching body parts. “Just saying, ya won’t see me, until tomorrow morning.” I yawned and slapped my hand over my face.
She nodded. “All right, my dear. Good night. By the way, Dirk passed my exam with a set of pretty colored flying flags accompanied by a barge of vivid fireworks.” She pirouetted to the set of both patched and repaired dirty looking French doors and then out of sight.
I swung to the archway and shouted with a lady sneer. “Stang. Bot?” I sighed with purpose.
Alien Day Nine


9th hour (late morning)
Private chamber setting of Starra
Sunny day and dry air with hot temperatures with mild winds


I awoke sitting up on both elbows, lifting a skull, blinking my eyelashes inside a warm room, seeing the happy sun through the open windows. I heard the joyful song of birds. The dry leaves rustled. The bumblebees buzzed, a nicely pleasant change to my eardrums, not hearing a droning synthesized voice coupled with a humming of mechanic sprockets and gears with a violent wakeup call. I sigh with peace.
No summons. No poking. No demands.
I looked around my room.
The bedroom door slid open. Bot floated through the doorway with a drone. “Lady Starra, good morning to you! I’m so terribly sorry that I have to report with sad news. Your dull funeral outfit from yesterday’s intense physical activities is completely unsalvageable as a proper mourning garment. I cannot repair the destructive damage. But I have successfully finished polishing your new pair of boots.”
I giggled at its silly statement and noticed that Bot held the object. I stared at my cute cowgirl boots in solid black snake skin, except for the small toe tip painted in hot pink. I had not figured out that particular animal yet. So I will ask Bartholomew. Yeah, he was boyfriend, babe.
Bot held the boots in one metal limb, carrying a steaming food tray in the other.
I grabbed my boots, saying with a smile and a nod. “Thank you, Bot. You did an excellent job shining them.” I sit the boots next to my elbow as Bot served and placed the breakfast tray across my lap on top of bed covers. However, my little metal friend and my personal private spy as one unit, was acting a little odd.
I said. “What’s up with you, Bot?” I stirred the cup of cold milk in the hot oatmeal.
Bot hovered blinking many colorful lights from its belly button. “Indeed, Lady Starra. Thank you so much for your acute perception. I have upgraded my system online programs. One of them includes a personality application. Does it please you, Lady Starra?” It droned with metal excitement way too much, but I was very pleased.
“Yeah Bot!” I sipped and swallowed the juice.
Bot droned. “Lady Rosa departed yesterday for planet Commerce, after you had fallen asleep for your physical exhaustion. And she ordered me not to disturb your slumber and she returned with a batch of new applications for Pbot and me.”
I gasped and recalled the electronic audit trail of questions and associated answers that tracked a secret cold blooded murder of children and adults on planet Uni. I forgot to remove/delete/expunge/purge data files/records/bites from the mainframe core of the robot, before it traveled to planet Commerce for an upgrade again.
I swallowed the bile back down my throat, saying with a meek squeak. “Bot, did you apply the system upgrades by your bot self?”
“I did, Lady Starra. There is no human capable of accessing my mainframe, without the proper codes and the passwords.” Bot droned. I sighed with relief.
I smiled with a nod and stabbed the soft mushy donut with the fork, “That’s wonderful news. Congratulations, Bot! Where’s Rosa?” I wondered if she suspected my dirty deed too.
“She is on the patio deck having breakfast. Lady Rosa specifically instructed Pbot and me not to disturb you.” Bot droned.
“Thanks for food, boots, and personality, Bot.” I nodded with dismissal as Bot flew buttonhole-backwards out the door and closed it.
I woofed down my breakfast, sliding out the bed, moving and chewing the food to the closet. I dressed in a few of the new clothes that were hanging in the closet. Rosa liked to shop. I overlooked the vivid cheery colors, settling for an awesome attire of a black turtleneck, a black circular skirt paired without the black tights and with my newly polished black leather cowgirl boots with the side inlays of hot pink. The pink streak sorta squashed that downy funeral image, giggling with a girly twang. I skip happily down the steps on my new cowgirl boots to the patio. I sighed with expectation.
On the 10th hour (mid-day) on top of the outdoor patio setting, I entered through the archway, saying with a smile. “Good morning!” The time was two minutes before noon here, since there is twenty-hour in a Bonita day.
“Good afternoon, my dear!” Rosa sat the outdoor table, sipping on her teacup and looked up with a smile to Starra in the archway.
I moved to the food table piling heaps of colorful food on my plate, and sat eating and chewing the buttered biscuit, first.
She said to Starra, tapping her manicured fingernails on the teacup. “Before we begin our brief instruction, I want to remind you of the royal noble committee meeting, today. The noble meeting is the day before Jubilation Day starting precisely at the fifth hour, mid evening and concludes precisely at the tenth hour or midnight. You will be representing me on the committee.”
I mentally translated: see pretty Lady Starra in silence and hear King Rex blab the night away.
Rosa said. “All of the planets will be represented by the highest noble or another designated member of the noble family. This is dictated by Rex. You are allowed to voice your comments, opinions, and viewpoints about any subject discussed. I want you to honor the final decisions made tonight for the upcoming event. Do you comprehend your duties, Lady Starra?”
I nod my curls with a full mouth of food.
Rosa sipped her teacup, saying with a smile and a nod. “I traveled yesterday to our castle on Commerce stocking the pantry with food, fresh linens on the beds, and a wonderful gift for you, a new wardrobe.”
I silently mouthed to her: Thank you.
“I am sorry it has taken so long to design your personal outfits. My seamstress is very good and is always quite busy. You have a complete assemble of gowns, shoes, and jewelry for your royal début at the dance gala events, this weekend. I have taken the liberty of selecting a gown for tonight. Positively lovely to charm Baron Bartholomew, he will be most pleased.” She said with a smirk to Starra.
Swift hot flashes darted across both my cheekbones in bright pink, using my T-power of telemetabolics, and executed a Tele cleanse, clearing the teen sweat, saying with a meek squeak. “Are you not coming?”
She patted Starra on the arm, exhaling with a puff of worry. “I…I have not been feeling my usual self. The sheer excitement and exertion of yesterday’s Tele test has drained some of my limited energy. I am not the young girl I used to be. I am dandy, as those Earth Yankees say.” She slid a used plate and abused napkin in the middle of the table. “Are you ready, Starra?”
I chewed and swallowed. “Yes ma’am.”
She said with a nod. “Your personal experience with the maser firearms is unforgettable, would you admit? As I demonstrated the colored beams hit, damage, and destroy any obstacle in its path, be it bark or stone.”
“Yes.” I sighed with intrigue.
“What if I told you that I possessed a secret weapon that could stop a maser wave?”
“I’d tell you to show me.”
“Excellent answer. Show you, I will.” Rosa pulled a wooden box in front of her chest, opened the lid, and lifted the object, two gold arm bracelets with one black stone, whispering with a meek timber to Starra. “This is it.” She handed Starra one of the precious items.
The bracelet was smooth like a silk, heavy like a shield, glimmering like a diamond, and communicating with words to my T-powers. I parted my lips in shock.
Rosa said with a nod to the bracelet. “The stone is called a black diamond. It is mined only on Bonita in a hidden location only known to me,” she looked with a sour frown at the hair roots of Starra. “Starra, are you listening to me?”
I gazed at the decorative bracelet stroking with the gold with my five finger pads. “It…it is…is talking to…to me.” I looked up with a puzzled frown to see Rosa.
She looked down with a sour frown to the bracelet, crinkling more wrinkles into her forehead. “Really!? What is it saying to you, Starra?”
I wrapped my fingers around the bracelet. “I feel strong…very strong words of power, punishment, purpose…”
“This is correct. What else do you sense, Starra?”
“I feel damage, destruction, and death.” I gasped from the mental images and words that were assaulting my neurons.
“This is very good.”
I gasped, looking down with a worried brow to the table surface. “There are images too. I can see a pale skinned female with long blonde hair and blue eyes. She is young and strong. You?” I looked up with parted lips to see Rosa. She nodded to Starra. I said. “I see you, Rosa.”
“Correct! Continue?”
I looked down with a worried brow to see the bracelet as the images repeated in my neurons. “Then the vision jumps to a male, who is old, very elderly with a brown beard. Another image shows a new female, tall, and big boned. I see a different female, young and inexperienced exhibiting only a single bracelet on her right arm.”
Rosa clapped, saying with a smile of delight. “Marvelous.” She extended her open palm for the bracelet.
I gladly surrendered the pretty object, placing it in her palm.
She touched the object. “You have experienced a series of flashbacks from the different owners of these two gold bracelets. They date back over 500,000 years in our history at the beginning of the galaxy.”
“The book did not reference this data.”
“It is not listed in any book or a written text. This is part of the secret.”
My Tele mind vision was both real and really disturbing which depicted both destruction and permanent death that was associated with those two beautiful jeweled works of nature.
Rosa tapped on the stones. “Black diamonds are mined every 500,000 years. The crystallization process is very, very, very lengthy, difficult, and mysterious. To date, there exists only two black diamonds, coming from the belly of Bonita from both the ice and the fire and only these two stones have ever been mined here.”
Half a million years for each black diamond calculated precisely, and coincided exactly with the one million years of the aged period of this galaxy as stated in that old red coloring book.
And I did recall reading, last night.
And in the same period of time, these citizens had migrated from planet Earth through the wormhole and now lived in the new unknown universe.
I said with a nod. “So, the young tall girl was the first owner of the first black diamond mined on Bonita over 500,000 years ago.”
She nodded. “You are correct. I am deviating from our planned assignment for today. I will discuss a formal detailed history of the bracelets when you return from Commerce, after your noble obligations are fulfilled.”
Of course, the fairy tale had begun and was getting interesting, intriguing, and inviting and Rosa subject changed.
She lifted the bracelets next to her grin. “I am going to show you how the bracelets work. Do not bother asking me for scientific theorems or mathematical postulates or physics principals on why the stones work. I do not have an explanation. The ultimate lesson is to always remember, not to ever smash the stones, together.” I parted my lips for speaking. She jerked a finger to her lips and stood, sliding both the bracelets on each one of her wrist bones. She swung around from table and slid into a hovering air ship.
Rosa flew 3,500 feet away from the patio and Starra.
I stood and moved to the edge of the patio, feeling frustration, puzzlement, and intrigue, parking both my hands on my hips, watching with intrigue.
Rosa connected, linked, and Teled talked to Starra. Use the yellow maser and shoot me in the heart, Starra.
“Stang!” My heart suffocated my tight throat and as, I coughed and inhaled snips of oxygen for breathing as a live alien.
So Rosa was a live mannequin using her real flesh, bones, and blood to demonstrate the power of the twin bracelets.
The book stated that a crime was punished with a more humane and kinder means living the rest of your hot and heated fanny on Prison Planet that was located on the hottest world in the second universe. The hot world with the hotter noble was known as planet Sahara.
Prince Rann independently owned and ruled over the all the convicted criminals, as decreed by Rex. All convicted criminal served the rest of his or her natural born life, until death on Sahara.
No parole. No release. No escape.
Escape was punishable by one act death, hanging beautifully by your naked neck muscles from a newly fresh pine wooden gallows that was located in the stadium, not during a Game, either.
Gross bloody pictures in that book, ya’ll.
The architectural design of the stadium was both tall and wide, consisting of several entrance gates, numerous sitting bleaches, gigantic comlens (visual devise) and comfones (audio devise) all of which perfectly accommodated thousands upon thousands of blood lust citizens for a lovely formal suffocation of a newest wickedly galaxy criminal. I sighed with fear.
Therefore, no jailed prisoners complained or escaped or bucked Rex’s one-sided justice system, because a second death act that could be committed by a bad citizen was treason against Rex, the solo ruler of the universe. The book stated that if a citizen was found guilty of treason against Rex, he or she would pass by a lifetime prison sentence rule on Sahara and was immediately executed by hanging from the gallows on Commerce.
Side note: a crime of assassin was not punished in this galaxy. I sighed with puzzlement.
Assassin was not a crime but an efficient and an effective means of a sick-o ladder and latter ambition for a noble or a commoner to attain a higher status on his or her home world.
The book greatly hinted that Rann was born as a simple commoner, first and attained the highest noble status of “prince” on Sahara, second. Commoner Rann had utilized the same ruthless cut throat and vicious method of both murder and deceit, an assassination method.
I cringed and shook inside my boots, moving to the maser table, recalling that hand written piece in the folded pages of the book as a cold chill galloped up my back spine and slammed my active neurons.
Rosa carefully called Rann, dangerous.
I permanently termed Rann, insane.
Rosa connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Starra: Starra, this might seem a monstrous act to you, but I can assure you that I will not be harmed.
I snapped my neurons back to reality.
Rosa was waiting for me to “pull the trigger” on the maser burn weapon, so my criminal single action was okay, even if I did accidentally kill Rosa for a cause of ambition to be the first Lady of Bonita, making a very strange universe here. I sighed with meekness.
I connected, linked, and Teled talked to Rosa: Ready. Aim. Fire?
I lifted the weapon with my naked hand from the table, moving to the edge of the patio, targeting a tiny solo humanoid through a Tele sight, and shot with a Tele aim straight like an arrow as the yellow beamed directly to her heart.
Rosa stood in the middle of the brown dead field with both arms over her chest exposing both the bracelets on her wrists and as, the diamonds pointed to the patio.
I performed with a Tele tail, following the yellow beam to the two black diamonds, not the heart of Rosa. I jumped in the air, hollering with joyous celebration, dancing in circles and as, my skirt whirled in the air waves. I sighed with triumphant.
And Rosa was not dead.
I was not going to jail cell in the Prison Planet and pondered the happy outcome.
The precious gems did stop a deadly illegal maser wave permanently in its tracks, quoting an ancient Earth expression.
Your next task is to fire the blue maser, my dear. She connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Starra.
I did not hesitate, grabbing the next weapons, shooting a blue ray, a green bolt, and finally a red beam. All three beams traveled to the twin diamonds and disappeared, without harming Rosa.
I jumped up wildly hooting, clapping, and whistling. I sighed with joy.
Rosa stepped on the patio, saying with a sour frown and a matching tone. “I hope that you do not engage in this unladylike performance tonight at the royal noble committee meeting. This would constitute bad manners, inappropriate behavior, and unbecoming a noble lady of Bonita, Starra. I would be very shocked and embarrassed.”
I stopped swirling and twirling, and parked both my hands in front of my skirt like a good girl, saying with a smile and a nod. “I will not disappoint you that I promise. I just was showing my excitement that you’re alive, not dead…I mean…for the bracelets. They work…not work…”
“I am very glad that you are pleased on both accounts.” Rosa wiggled the bracelets off her wrist and stored them in the pine box, dropping the lid, lifting the box to her chest. “I realize the past week has been very distressing for you, my dear. I needed to prove your worth to me. I have decided to retire from my duties as the first lady of Bonita. This is my short and sweet transition step. I am declaring you as the new first lady of Bonita with the responsibilities, duties, obligations, and powers of the named position.” Rosa said with a smile and a nod, looking a little different from yesterday.
I executed a Tele probe on both her physical and her metaphysical frame, using my T-powers of telemetabolics, saying with a smile and a nod. “I accept your title and all the privileges granted. I am deeply honored and only hope I can reign as successfully as you did, Lady Rosa. Thank you.”
Rosa nodded. “The deed is done. You need to dress and fly to Commerce within the hour. You do not want to be late for your first official duty as the newly appointed noblette Lady Starra.”
“Right!” I nodded and swung to the archway, skipping out the room, bouncing up the steps with a smile, humming an old country song, off key.


15th hour (mid evening)
Planet Commerce
Castle of Lady Starra
Sunset with cool temperatures and light winds


Bot piloted the stolen…naw…inherited zipper from planet Bonita to planet Commerce, his first official flying job. It had progressed fast from a simple hotel housekeeping robot to my personal social secretary of my newly appointment, first noblette lady of Bonita. All its free upgrades, updates, and modifications of bot applications had transformed my meek trashcan into a vicious garbage truck that devoured all whom dared to attack me.
Bot worked as a pilot, chauffeuring Starra inside the old model zipper and as, Rosa worked as a matchmaker, selecting Starra’s gown for the noble meeting tonight.
The gown was too red in blood color, too low around my shoulders, too tight around my waist, and too stiff around my legs and as, my legs wore and itched in the itchy crinolines.
I walked in baby steps and breathed in shallow puffs, so I was not able to breathe, to walk, and to fly my ship. I sighed with silliness.
So Bot flew and entertained me with its new personality and it sorta followed my commands when not spitting, well, robots did not spit only a newly discovered tree toad in my window seal spat at me.
Thus, Bot lectured all the boring Bonita etiquette as sometimes, I listened, and sometimes, I did not give a fart.
I landed at her…naw…my castle as the new owner, noblette Lady Starra. “Stang!”
Bot exited the zipper.
I gasped, seeing his metal can enter a dark archway and slammed my hand to the door.
It stayed closed.
I performed a Tele lift on the old metal, hearing a squeak, a bong, and a croup.
The hatch door slowly lifted up and open.
I tripped out the seat, hearing a whish of the fabric, standing. I executed a Tele lift in the air, sailing over the rough concrete and the dead bug guts, and performed a Tele slap on the patio door, hearing a bang and a boom of the metal on the side wall, without see the knob imprints.
I continued my Tele sail through the living room, the dining room, the kitchen, and out the garage door. I used a Tele float over the side door and sat in the passenger seat of an air ship inside a closed garage door. 
Bot parked his metal can in the front seat, lifted the garage door, and flew to royal palace, mentioning that the double door knobs were both locked and sealed precisely at fifth hour, mid evening for the big secret noble pow-wow. No person was admitted for any reason as lovingly dictated by King Rex.
Inside the castle of King Rex in the noble committee meeting during the sunset of yellow and pink sun rays with cool temperatures, Bot landed in the parking lot and carefully watched Starra.
I disappeared in the dark castle as one of Rex’s devoted honor guards saved me from the restricted time limit by opening the right door. Use, abuse, and excuse the pun. I sighed with promptness.
All the honor guard units came from the commoner class and lived on one of the twin space stations of Militia that was located on each side of the Wall for war…naw…for service. The honor guard served as a team of personal bodyguards and a pair of babysitters for the child noble too. The snappy dressed men and women wore a white fitted jacket paired with matching trousers tied with a yellow sash at the waist. Tonight, they soldierly lined and brightly clashed with the purple painted hallway, directing the nobles to the meeting room.
The cute male gentlemanly lifted his left arm for her right hand position.
I automatically shifted the matching bag to my other shoulder containing the pine box of twin bracelets, forgetting to leave it with Bot for safe guarding.
No biggy, girlfriends.
I will create a new fashion statement for the younger noblettes, sounding with a giggle as the guard looked down to her hair roots, raising an eyebrow. I sighed with teen fun.
I elegantly tripped on the hem of my dress, hearing a whish and stumbled in the occupied noble room. I sighed with embarrassment.
Slender and pale tinted Governor Jon of Planet Uni was dressed in white clothes and ruled the planet, where the children lived and attended school. He sat beside plump and peachy tinted General Ivan of space station Militia, who trained the honor guard units. Ivan banged his left elbow, next to more plump and tall Marquis Roy of Planet Resort, where the fun spot was located in the universe.
Blonde haired Viscount Lad of Planet Tech built all the robots. He dwarfed his shortness between tall Count Dov of Planet Ice, where it was cold with lots of furry warm mammals and snow, and taller Priest Ito of Planet Bio, who housed all the hospitals for the sick and ill.
Rann was both dashing and married. Yeah, it sucked. Rann from Planet Sahara sat on the same side with Jon next to an empty chair. The empty chair posed besides a handsome and a single Baron Bartholomew of Planet Agri, who impatiently watched the door for Starra.
Bartholomew stood as I accidentally tripped really in my three inched sandals right into his biceps. I giggled really silly in his face too. He pulled Starra to his silky shirt, sweet breathing in her smiling face.
The trumpets sounded with a toot and the drum heads ended the roll with a thump in the hallway, proclaiming King Rex of Planet Commerce. He strolled to the round table, tossing back his floor length cape from his knee boots, and sat reviewing the electronic thingy on the table surface.
Bartholomew slowly released Starra wearing a smirk, and pulled out her chair like a gentleman.
I whispered with a giggle and a smile to his smile. “Thank you.” I sat.
He sat and touched her hand underneath the table like a pair of naughty kids.
“Welcome, good nobles, to the royal noble committee meeting. The first item for Jubilation Day is the list of births.” Rex looked to see each noble. I sighed with excitement.
Rex talked, talked, and talked, too much and as, the nobles listened, listened and listened, too long. And the nobles played, played, and played, too many times on their individual baby comfones (electronic thingy) underneath the table like a bunch of high school teens.
I looked at their individual hair roots as their individual smiling face looked down to see their baby comfones. I fumed with conclusion that I could not change a mind of a citizen so stagnate in mentally, physically, and socially noble ritual, because I did not own a baby comfone for a single electronic communication message in the universe too. I sighed with dang-ness.
Yeah, it’s a word, ya’ll.
I kindly wandered my eyelashes to my left, daydreaming away from the dull boring business agenda for tomorrow’s Jubilation Day with a long Christmas list of unfamiliar first names that I did not give a fart about. I drooled without the mouth spittle at the two teen males that I would give my heart and my candy too.
Bartholomew was very handsome and fun to stare at as he was not looking in my direction between texting his business associates on farm advice. Yeah, I spied. Which he did not stand now at the noble meeting, he stood up at five feet and ten inches, weighing in at one hundred eighty pounds with a set of shoulder length glossy blonde hair, a pair of bright gray eyes, and an aristocratic nose. His square jaw highlighted his sharp rosy cheekbones, and he was single.
And he was single.
I wanted to repeat on purpose mentally and emotional with no wifey, so sad, ya’ll.
In my selfish translation, there was no baroness to his baron that could accompany him to all the fancy noble social royal parties here. I sighed with hugs and kisses of happiness.
His handsome face glowed with happiness and smiled with mischievous. His body rippled with a set of fine gentle muscles over his dark flesh that was outlined by his silk shirt. And the shirt covered his chest and his six-pack abs. Yeah, I cheated with my Tele view, too.
Obviously, he spent a lot of free time outside, enjoying the pleasant weather and horseback riding on his native wildlife planet Agri, instead of attending the family’s administrative duties as a privileged noble. I sighed with marriage.
Rann was known as an unavailable flirting playboy and was married to Princess Viv as Bot confirmed the fairy tale about him. Rann had obtaining his princely status by utilizing that naughty assassination method. However, the cyber gossip held no written or verbal or electronic proof that he and his wife had arranged the assassination of her father, the old ruling prince of planet Sahara. So his first born princess came in line for the Sahara royal title.
After her father’s death, the first noblette of the planet, Princess Viv and commoner Rann were married, becoming the Prince and Princess of Sahara.
Rann was very dashing and very dangerous with his dusted black whiskers surrounding his pink lips and his curly black croppy short hair hugged his earlobes with a pair of slanted almond shaped dark brown irises. He shimmered in a dark glowing skin, standing up at five feet and nine inches, weighing in at one hundred ninety pounds. And his set of ripped biceps deserved my separate attention, peep-a-booing inside and outside a split down the middle vest without a shirt, yeah, babe.
A little gold vest and a lot of big golden biceps both matched his golden trousers, neatly tucked into a pair of black knee boots. Rann carried a high royal attitude, a lavish super ego, a dangerous infectious charm, and lots of ultimate power. I sighed with daydreaming.
Four hours wasted and I continued to seat in the padded chair. Between the tight dress and my stuffed guts of delicious food, I felt sleepy hiding an ugly yawn with my stupid fan.
Rex tapped a dainty silver tinted bell with a ting for the maid service for some silly reason and adjourned the boring meeting, finally.
Bartholomew stood and swept her chair away from the table and as, she stumbled and tumbled into his open arms and they both smiled and chuckled.
Bartholomew and I swung as one being toward the archway.
At the 10th hour (midnight time) in the parking lot with colder temperatures with bright stars and moonlight, Bartholomew and I moved toward the parking lot.
He escorted Starra to Bot and her awaiting chariot (air ship, okay).
I swung around and leaned on the dirty metal.
Bartholomew smiled and kissed her gloved hand, leaning over and opened the hatch which kinda banged the rear of her skull, leaving no blood but a slightly dizzy feeling inside her head.
I was okay, after I did not move away from the door, so I pretended no pain and smiled really goofy, sliding in the rear seat like an alien princess.
Bot drove home.
I gazed, grinned, and giggled silly at the regal Bartholomew.
He regally stood as no fool would really stand soldierly in the empty parking lot of the royal palace in the middle of the morning, and he watched Starra drive away from him in the moonlight. I sighed with wedding.
Alien Day Ten


9th hour (late morning)
Private sleeping chamber setting of Starra
Sunny day with cool temperatures and light breeze


I blinked open my eyelashes and heard hard notes of cheery music coming from drum rolls, flute toots, and trumpet blares. And I heard bold laughter and pig…naw…child squeals.
I leaped from the bed in my pajamas and dashed to an open window.
Wrong window, geez!
I pirouetted with a lousy twirl to the north window, seeing shiny air ships parked on the cobblestone street.
Inside the downstairs living room, donning my maroon colored robe over my warm pink tinted pajamas, cool colors, I rushed downstairs. My castle was located down the dull quite wrong end of an active street. I opened the front door, turning with a silly grin to see the north direction, the single long yellow cobblestone.
I performed a Tele sight and narrowed my eyelashes, seeing the action at the next far, far away castle.
White suited men, white gowned women, and children in white play clothes stood in the yard of the gleaming white colored castle of Count Dov from planet Ice having a live action fun time party. The happy and giggling couples wildly danced on the empty street, down the sidewalk, and underneath the porch. The laughing children raced their wind bikes or pitched their balls or jumped their ropes for fun and more fun. I sighed with amusement.
Bot floated to Starra and droned beside her nose profile. “The ceremony begins at tenth hour, late morning, Lady Starra.”
“Ceremony? What ceremony?” I said with a smile, looking at the funny movement of the cute little girls with big white bows planted between their earlobes.
“We need to leave in thirty minutes to arrive at the grand auditorium on time for Jubilation.”
“Jubilation? What jubilation?” I gasped with remembrance and repeated. “This is Jubilation Day. The ceremony? I don’t want to be late for my first official duty as noblette Lady Starra from Bonita.”
I spun around to the living room and performed a Tele dash up the stairs and over the floor not getting my naked toes dirty, gliding in the room, hovering in front of my closet.
I wiggled my fingers and selected the pink silk gown with a sweetheart collar and a set of cute short sleeves for showing off my fit lean biceps to Bartholomew.
I executed a Tele drop to the floor and struggled in the gown, exhaling with puff of annoyance at the formal garment.
Earth farmers did not dress like this.
I wiggled my fingers, executing a Tele pull and a Tele drop to numerous pairs of shoes around the carpet, and finally found an exact matching candy pink colored sandals for my feet and underneath my gown.
I performed a Tele lift and a Tele dash out the room, over the floor, and down the stairs, not desiring dirt on my new dress, ever. I continued my Tele flight through the living room, in the dining room, in the kitchen, and hovered with a Tele hold at the garage door.
Bot opened the door and floated to the seat of the air ship, igniting the engines.
I performed a Tele push, moving forward over the floor and a Tele lift over the seat, slowly using a Tele drop in my seat with a giggle. I sigh with cuteness.
I wiggled with excitement of the new day, after receiving a good night’s rest and dumped the 5,000 pages of selected tutelage about the boring universe that did not have a name per Rosa.
There were too many social activities and too many important parties that required my undivided attendance now and tomorrow, and the next tomorrow too.
On planet Bonita in the dusty library room, I used a Tele shove, pushing that red coloring book to the side of the writing desk and executed a Tele lift, brushing off my hourly reading assignments from Rosa, before I had blasted off of Bonita for good.
I had discovered a new source of vast knowledgeable datum as Bot sweetly answered. Okay, it dully droned to each one of my curious questions about a particular cultural event, a new social gathering, my secretive Earth escape plan, and the annoyingly corrections to my irrational teenage behavior patterns during, after the most inappropriate situation had occurred. I sighed with lateness.
Bot droned, last night.
Jubilation was only the day that all the commoners were allowed to visit planet Commerce which was the home of Rex and Rita like I really knew a person that owned an entire universe. I sighed with popularity.
The nobles imported their planet or planetoid or planetary or whatever merchandise and services and displayed and advertised the ugly and pretty stuff in the booths on the cobblestone street. The cobble street went one direction from my castle to the stadium for some silly reason. Each noble was responsible for his or her commoner including the seat passage, the body security, the curr monetary fee, and the body safety as they traveled in the big cargo ships that were built and purchased from Tech World.
Commoners acted like a set of store vendors that exhibited, displayed, and sold their native goods for purchase from other commoners, who used low piles of currs that they had earned working on their jobs on their home world. They, in turn, became the customers, who bought or bartered or bargained for the new merchandise also. I sighed with economics.
Commerce was a huge shopping center on Jubilation Day for commoners and nobles starting at the fifth hour, mid-morning until…I did not really give a fart.
At the 10th hour (mid-day), Rex presided over the royal announcements consisting of births of babies, marriages of couples, deaths of citizens, judgments of prisoners, and legal disputes that a noble could not resolve.
At fifth hour, mid evening, the Jubilation Ball started and ended with the noble’s dismissal. The balls held fancy lavish dinners and elegant dances until the tenth hour, midnight of a new day.
Each noble owned a castle on planet Commerce like I was the new noblette of the Bonita castle.
During Jubilation Day, the commoners shopped, stayed, ate, rested, and enjoyed the day time of vendor selling and shopping. At night time, the social activities of banquet and dance began, entertaining the commoners like the royal family. A commoner could visit a different noble castle if the proper verbal permission was given by the host noble for dining and dancing the night away too.
One planet produced one source of numerous goods in the universe. Thus, each commoner had a fair share acquiring the product with the earned currs from working on their native world.
On planet Earth, the simple economics were very similar. For example, an Earth farmer produced a single commodity of food and traded it for Earth money which was given to the Earth worker for their productive Earth job. In turn, the earthling purchased goods and services at the nearest shopping center in the biosphere which could be used for dinner, dancing, and doing fun social events with their friends and their family.
Here, commoners were treated like a piece of noble property.
There, I did not control the lives of Ming, Maritza and their clan members on planet Earth. They could leave Starbelt Plantation and work for any other ecosphere on planet Earth, if they freely chose to persuade that new action which was very, very rare too.
Here, a commoner was a slave or a little worse, a prisoner. Bot explained that the commoners rarely left their birthed home world to live on another noble-owned planet, because they were trained for specific tasks on their native planet.
I strongly felt after my accumulated information that there was no free opportunity for a commoner here.
The individual citizen or the family unit could not move off their home world or travel to another planet, except for vacationing on planet Resort and visiting the merchandise shops and attending the single sporting game event on planet Commerce.
Bartholomew was a true visionary for his family and his friends, ruling his planet as a democracy, allowing every individual to own land and sell their goods for currs into their own treasure chest. He encouraged Rex to offer more freedom, enrichment, and independent for every man, woman, and child, who were trapped on their native world royally that was owned by their noble.
However, Rex rejected the novice concept and gave the control and the greed to the noble for ruling the life and death of each working commoner. He regarded this action as a rebellious scheme against the Crown that ruled solo coming from the hottest yellow colored sun of planet Sahara through the cold gray colored rock wall and to the fiery blue and red wormhole on planet Bonita. I sighed with dictatorship.
On top of the yellow tinted cobblestone street within the crowd of crazy shopping citizens with cool temperatures with partly clouds of sunshine, I understood Bot’s silly distress warning about the time as the usual empty street was packed with heated bodies and heated ships. Bot could not maneuver my air ship swiftly around the strolling citizens, dancing performers, whisking air ships, slow moving wind bikes, packed vendor booths, beautiful prancing horses, biting stinky camels, and disgusting smelly heated and cool garbage.
I sat in the rear of the air ship and observed the twirling batons, the noisy kiddies, both the animal and the mechanic malfunctions. The set of mechanic malfunctions blocked the crowded street and the animal malfunctions parted the crowded street while overall creating a stressful and annoying commotion within my eyeballs, my eardrums, and my nostrils. I sigh with stinkyness.
Yeah, it’s a word, ya’ll.
Each merchandise vendor was arranged inside a pretty colored booth selling and bartering the goods on the sidewalks, in front of the noble castles, and the rest of the street down to the stadium.
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance inside the rear bench of my air ship and as, my air ship slowly snail-walked down the street to the auditorium for my role as noblette of Bonita at the Jubilation festival. However, I received an excellent view of each vendor booth.
Planet Sahara sold mega tons of precious stones, minerals, and raw metals in front of the castle with numerous armed and loaded honor guards, who were not smiling. And the line of citizens was short.
Planet Ice displayed numerous booths with sets of white, gray, and tan colored animal furs and skins and cold red and white colored animal meats with silver-whitish seafood and fish food in the manicured grass between the two castles. And the line of citizens was long, ya’ll.
Planet Uni exhibited numerous booths which were labeled with creative art work, reading materials, music tablets, and dance recordings that starred the students from the ages of four to sixteen.
Planet Bio had pitched up a set of black colored tents with snaking lines of tall and short citizens and very busy physicians, nurses, and biological robots or Bbots. Bbot diagnosed, prescribed, and treated all kinds of citizens for any and all medical aliment on the spot. If a citizen needed an intense treatment, then the citizen was flown immediately back to the planet.
Tech World advertised the latest technology of advanced flying robots, home appliances, and starships, sea craft, and land vehicles from a sleeker slicker zipper to a single gigantic ram ship. Currently, one of the ram ships glittered and hovered over Lad’s castle.
I read the sign, sitting in my slow moving air ship.

You can test fly any ship, if you must have the proper permission from your noble.

I giggled and enjoyed the day of vendor shopping from the air ship.
Each Militia booth came with a musical band and a musical message daring new recruits to join the honor guard.
Planet Resort displayed rows and rows of bright colorful tents decorating in colorful balloons, flying streamers, soaring banners, and blinking neon lights, showing off the fun, thrilling and exciting vacation activities and interactive robot entertainment, including the annual conqueror tournament.
“Stop!” I princessly shouted with a set of healthy lungs in the rear seat of my ship as Bot jolted the ship on the street. I leaped, okay, I fell out of the seat, but I did it gracefully like an alien princess of the air ship and then landed on top of the dress hem, hearing a new whish between my sandal and my kneecap. I sounded with a lady sneer and exhaled with a puff of annoyance, seeing a row food tables with beverages, desserts, and entrees on the sidewalk of the Agri castle.
Bot droned in the pilot seat. “You should not eat and wear that dress, one. Two, you are going to be late if you keep insisting on stopping our transport to tour every castle site.”
I crinkled my nose and winkled my forehead thinking all those extra computer upgrades had created a nasty Bot latituootly attitude. While, I absolutootly planned to review the next bot app, before an internal implementation mode updated his mainframe. Anyways, I wanted to surprise Bartholomew in my new dress, desiring his personal escort to the auditorium for my very first, okay, my second visit at Jubilation Day.
I waddled duck-like to the nearest food table searching for Bartholomew, finding a proper pretty petite female. She smiled and extended her arms to the food platters over the table. I smiled with a nod. “No thank you! Is Baron Bartholomew available, by chance, now, today, at this moment, please?”
The female said with a frown, fingering the auditorium. “Baron Bartholomew isn’t here. He’s attending the ceremony. It begins in two minutes.”
I dropped and closed my mouth with a nod to her smile and swirled around in one fluid motion to Bot, saying with a sour frown but a sweet tone. “Thank you very much!” I hauled my dress hem to the ship and tripped on the train, hearing a new whish, and performed a Tele balance and a Tele lift moving faster to the ship.
I slammed both my hands on the metal and executed a Tele leap in one fluid motion. Cool move. I performed a Tele ascend and a Tele drop in my seat, not really hiding my alien secret.
Bot droned in Rosa’s alto timber for his fun and her annoyance. “I could have told you that datum, Pami. Baron Bartholomew was not there. You do not ask my opinion. You do not ask my answer. You do not ask my response. You are going to be very late for the opening remarks of the ceremony and it will be my fault.” I sighed with annoyance.
I slapped down the annoying red colored crinolines away from my red colored face with both my hands. “Stang, it is not your fault, Bot. Please fly fast, faster, and the fastest to the auditorium.” Bot was right. I was late.
“Lady Starra, do you know what that word means?” Bot droned and lifted the ship in the air, moving around the crowded objects in the street.
“Is it important to know?” I said a sour frown.
“You should find out for yourself.” Bot droned. I sighed with irritation.
Inside the red tinted and nameless building with an orange auditorium within my skybox of Bonita, I sat against the yellow tinted cushions and stared down into the floor. My nice and cute honor guard had secretively shared the lonely entrance into a gray side door and left my person on the second tier within my noble compartment in the auditorium. I walked to the Bonita skybox door and opened it, expecting to see Dirk with both his wrinkled sleeves crossed over his shirt and tapping his slender fingers across the silk for my tardiness. Lucky day!
The Bonita compartment was empty and rectangular shaped which was shaped similar to a big cozy coffin box without the lid holding a set of four chartreuse (that’s greenish-yellow color) padded chairs near the rail gate. And a long empty food table hugged the rear wall. The other two walls were completely naked and painted chartreuse also.
I must add more color to Lady Rosa’s life.
I walked to the railing and placed my elbows on the wood and my kneecaps on the tile, leaning over the windowless ledge, displaying a breathtaking view of the U-shaped orange painted auditorium. The non-sexy curves allowed a grand view of the deep purple colored stage, where Rex and Rita sat in side by side golden throne chairs. And the commoners sat in the center of the floor and they were nicely dressed in bright and vivid rainbow hues, loud blues, dark reds, and pale yellows.
My eyeballs filled with the colorful details of the auditorium.
I exhaled with a puff of happiness and stood, waddling backward to a chair, sitting and looking a proper gracious lady noblette as Rex started Jubilation Day. I sighed with pride.
On the 12th hour (early afternoon), King Rex sipped and swallowed the liquid from the sweaty goblet and then read and read and read. I sigh with readiness.
I exhaled with a puff of boredom, whispering for my eardrums only. “I got dressed up for this. I got excited for this. No wonder, Rosa gave me the title and function of a dull lady. She got stingingly tired of attending these tedium readings of lists. Stang.” My selfish speech annoyed no one else as my friend Bot guarded my air shop. Well, the peeling paint flakes heard my monotone speech.
The paint flakes dropped occasionally off the dull puke green tinted wall like a drop of nose snot from a head cold.
The audience cheered.
I swung a grin to see Bartholomew who was located across the air waves on the opposite wall in his noble skybox. I gasped naw, drooled.
Bartholomew was eating and drinking, without me. Using my T-power of telepathy, I performed a Tele peek of the second tier of the other noble skyboxes. Each skybox was decorated in fancy glittery wallpapers, exotic wooden furnishings, vases of fresh cut flowers, and tons of steamy heated food trays.
I whipped a sad face to the naked wall of no food on the table and no pictures on the naked wall, and no personality in the cold empty room. I exhaled with a puff of annoyance carrying on the heavy responsibility of Bonita noble dynasty. I sighed with toil.
The citizens sounded with a hiss.
I flipped my face to see Rex. He was standing and waving his arm. “Bring in the prisoner.” I gasped eye witnessing a real live first time criminal here on planet Commerce.
Two Militia honor guards, dressed in their white pressed and ironed uniform with a tied yellow sash, escorted an unchained male in front of Rex. The future inmate stood. Yeah, my Tele tell me so. The future inmate was six feet in height, a bronze skin tone, red facial and skull hair, who was dressed in a white robe and sandaled feet.
My first impression tapped him as priest rather than prisoner, but my Tele powers were dinging the right answer.
Rex stated, “What’s the crime of the criminal?”
That was the right answer coming from my Tele powers too.
In the universe, you were guilty of your crime, always.
“The charge is rearing a Kongo in captivity.” The Militia officer shouted to Rex.
The citizens sounded with a moan.
Rex sighed with sorrow or something emotional and said with a firm tone. “Kongos are illegal to own, as well as, to breed. I find you guilty of the charge. I sentence your mortal life to Sahara, where you will dig the mines, until you die of natural causes,” he fingered the object.
My eyeballs followed the direction of Rex’s finger.
Rann leaned his naked chest over the railing of his windowless skybox, rumbling in his sexy deep baritone trombone and as, his sexy voice and image projected on my neurons with pleasure too. And his handsome and semi-nakedness presentation appeared on the numerous comlens and comfones around the walls. “I accept the prisoner, King Rex.” He stood and clapped.
Four units of honor guard, who were tall, tanned, muscled, and armored with a black maser, wearing a red sash around the waist, appeared beside the prisoner and escorted the prisoner out the building through the front entrance doors.
I stared in shock. I sighed with disapproval.
Rex waved his arm. “Where’s the Kongo?”
The Militia guard said. “Sire, it charged us. We had no choice but to destroy the creature.”
Rex waved his arm again. “I dismiss you.” They left the auditorium. Rex looked around the auditorium to the commoners, saying with a nod and a smile. “I, King Rex and my co-ruler Queen Rita declare the end of the announcements. Let the Jubilation Ball commence.”
The citizens went crazy with wild claps, cheers, shuffling out the building for the evening parties.
I exhaled with a puff of non-excitement for the upcoming Jubilation ball, standing and turning to the door. I did not have a date or a ball to attend, this evening. I sighed with loneliness.
I slammed open the door and hung my dress in the archway, viewing him.
He said with a smile and a sexy baritone. “Good afternoon, Lady Starra.” I gasped, viewing Rann, turning with a stern face to see the empty hallway. His noble skybox was around the corner of my skybox.
“You appear very becoming, this afternoon.” His naked hand flew in the air ready for the traditional noble greeting.
I slowly extend my pink gloved hand, saying with a nod and a fake smile. “Prince Rann, good afternoon to you…” without Lord Creep beside your elbow like a pair of love birds. I softly giggled with my unkind thought.
Rann and his biceps dauntingly flexed his muscles gently holding her gloved hand, too long.
Viv was again absent from his side. I moved out my archway, not desiring to be trap by Rann. I sighed with danger.
“Did you enjoy the Jubilation activities, this morning? This day contained the most excitement in months.” Rann held her glove, saying with a smirk into her eyes.
I jerked my glove out of his naked hand, saying with a sweet tone and a fake smile. “What duties will the prisoner perform on Sahara?”
“He…I do not use the word, prisoner. He will be slowly introduced to a private housing cell and oriented to the many prison rules and regulations. Then he will start mining for minerals tomorrow at the third hour, very early morning.” Rann said.
“Do you talk to the prisoners too?” I was curious about the treatment of his property, his citizens as the prisoners were really persons, not a piece of property to be washed, then ironed and then hung out to be dried. Handling and treatment of prisoners should be both humane and friendly, but I wanted to hear Rann’s point of view also. I scooted my dress out of the archway to the exit door also, in case, a fast escape too.
He said with a smile and a nod. “I converse with them, every day, seeking their opinions about a better management system along with a safe maintenance portal on Sahara. I want them to feel, as comfortable as possible, like it is a home environment, not a place of imprisonment. I feel that my citizens are happy and appreciate all the hard work. Their sentence is from King Rex, the solo ruler of our universe, who could have ordered a more severe award like hanging by a body part from the gallows. Death is an intriguing driving motivator in life. I believe each one of my citizens is very grateful for their lenient punishment. Citizens and their mining duties aside, I want...”
A gloved hand attacked my naked shoulder.
“Lady Starra…”
I flipped a shocked face to him.
Bartholomew draped his cape around both him and Starra, pulling her to his chest, looking with a sour face to see Rann.
“B.A., good afternoon!” Rann extended his naked hand to Bartholomew, hanging in the air, saying with a smile and a chuckle.
“Baron Bartholomew.” I looked with a true smile to Rann, greeting Bartholomew.
Bartholomew lifted and kissed her gloved hand in front of Rann, winking at her and annoying Rann. He turned a smirk to see Rann. “Interesting events unfolded, today, Rann. Rex keeps you busy.”
His eyeballs darted between Bartholomew and Starra and as Rann said with a nod and a fake smile. “The king likes the kingdom to run smoothly, no troublemakers. If both of you will excuse me, I’m preparing for the delightful feast of the evening.” He bowed at his waist with respect and pivoted to a side door on the floor.
Bartholomew looked at the back spine of Rann, who left through a side door, and turned a smile to see her. “Starra, I would like and invite for you to join me as my guest this afternoon for dinner and dancing, if you have no other pre-set arrangements.”
I bounced on my tippy toes under the dress, thinking not today, not this evening, not tomorrow either, for any type of pre-set arrangement with him. My heart leaped in my mouth, stopping my words, giggling with a girly twang. I cleared my throat with my goofy teen emotions. “I accept the invite and would love to dine and dance with you, this afternoon, BA.”
“Can Pbot drive you to my castle around at the fifth hour, mid-evening?” Bartholomew smiled.
I grinned with a nod. “Yeah…Yes. I’ll…I will see you at the fifth hour, mid evening at your Agri mansion, B.A.”
He nodded and kissed her gloved again and tucked her arm under his arm, swinging them to the proper exit door, walking down the steps, out the palace, into the sunlight, and to her ship. He kissed her gloved hand, two times.
Bot opened the hatchway.
I slipped and slid on the polished leather seat, slapping my dress skirt into bot and his pilot chair with excitement and nervousness of my evening date and dance partner.
Bartholomew pointed at the rear seat with a grin and a chuckle, “Usually, the noblette…”
“We are departing now, noble and noblette.” Bot wiggled its metal fingers and slammed her passenger door shut in the air ship.
Bartholomew back stepped from the air ship, without body injury of the swift drop, smiling and waving to Starra.
I stared with a smile and waved a glove to Bartholomew, watching him stand solo inside the parking lot, until the ship turned the corner out of sight. I turned with a lady sneer to Bot. “Why did you ruin…”
“I see that you found Baron Bartholomew in the right place, at the right time, in the right…”
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, saying with a nod to the window shield. “You were right. I was wrong. Are we even? Do you feel better? Anyways, I need your assistance. I’m going to the dance at the Jubilation Ball tonight with Bartholomew. What should I wear? What should I not wear? Or what shall I do?” I wiggled my body with teenly excitement. I sighed with delight.
Bot drove and droned, wearing an evil grin on his belly button. “Don’t worry, Lady Starra. I know what to do.”


14th hour (early afternoon)
Castle location of Starra
Private sleeping chamber setting of Starra
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine


Within my private chamber, the robot violently yanked on the twin ribbons in the rear of my silk ball gown and as I said with a lady growl, “Too tight, Bot!” Then, I coughed out loud from the tightness.
Bot droned, pulling on the ribbons again. “Your dress has to fit properly, Lady Starra. Or it will fall complete off and expose…”
“What!”
Bot finished tying the ribbons. “I believe that you have gained weight, Lady Starra. I will place you on a diet starting tomorrow morning.”
“What!”
Bot jerked the bodice down to the top of her breasts. “And more exercise…”
“What!”
Bot fluffed the dress train in the air. “Please hand me the necklace.”
I handed the necklace of diamonds, feeling the smooth mineral around my neck and touching the silky diamonds with my finger pads.
“I am finished. You look gorgeous, Lady Starra. Baron Bartholomew will be most pleased.”
“Thanks, Bot!” I jerked my chest bodice side to side, hugging my upper body, cutting off the oxygen flow down in my esophagus and traveling up to my brain.
The dress showed my tiny waistline around tons of soft silk. The skirt swept down in a circle of shimmery silk fabric, trailing a dress train of three feet. No decorations of bows or ribbons or gems on the flowing plantation skirt. There were no sleeves or collars around my naked collar bone.
The necklace suffocated my throat. My shoulder length hair was pulled back in a tight bun, ironing out all the wrinkles on my face. And a pair of matching diamond earrings drooped and dangled painfully on both my earlobes.
But stang, I was gorgeous with lots of help from the smooth silk gown and tons of diamonds which glittered from the bedroom overhead lights.
Bartholomew will be very pleased, yes, indeed.
I jerked the dress up to my kneecaps, saying with a wicked smirk. “I’m ready for the ball.” I sighed with nervousness.


15th hour (mid-evening)
Castle location of Baron Bartholomew
Front porch setting
Sunrise of purple and red with cold temperatures


Bot delivered Starra to the front door of the Agri castle on time as a pair of silver tinted cylinder-shaped robots greeted, without a smile and wore a dark green bow tie around the upper torso.
I smiled with a giggle at the twin sight of matching robots.
The right Sbot or service bot opened one of the double doors that showed the interior layout of the beautiful mansion as the left Sbot motioned with its metal limb for Starra to follow it. I sighed with excitement.
An open foyer rose up to the third tier of the castle.
Bot and Starra slowly moved to the staircase in the center of the room. The smooth wooden planks led to the second and third pavilion, draping the banister railing with handsome men, beautiful women, and giggling children, who danced up and down the grand staircase. The adults carried plates of food and tumblers of drink.
My appetite tingled with delightful seeing a long line of food tables on the side wall in the receiving room.
Each table displayed a dark green table linen underneath a center piece of red flowers and numerous trays of white steam. I used a Tele sight and narrowed my eyelashes, seeing the different food trays of white and dark colored meats, yellow and orange colored vegetables, red and green colored fruit, brown and tan colored breads, pink and blue colored desserts, and black and red beverages.
However, I climbed the stairs and stuck like glue to Sbot for the upcoming boring introduction of the other invited guests, before my taste buddies tasted the good looking and good smelling food items.
I jerked my skirt up to my kneecaps for the first flight of steps up to the second floor, moving slowly and trying not to stumble over the front of the dress hem or my high heeled sandals or trip over the beautiful people, who lined the stairwell and chatted with each other. I passed the second platform of steps and went up the third level. I sighed with anticipation.
On the third level, Sbot turned towards the left.
I halted and pirouetted towards the polished banister railing feeling the slick polish on my naked hands, realizing that I forgot my elbow gloves which were living on the seat of my air ship. I whispered for my eardrums only, “Stang!”
Sbot flew butt-hole-backwards even with her fanny while droning in a loud tone behind her hair roots. “Did you say st…?”
“Stunning! Yes, trashcan!” I exhaled with a puff of frustration and rolled my eyeballs slowly turned to see Sbot with a fake smile and fluttering my southern accent. “I said stunning and s…stunning and super pretty…”
Sbot flashed lights on her nose bridge and stopped. “I thought you said st…”
“Stunning! Yes, I said stunning, trashcan.” I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, turning to see the interior design of the grand Agri castle again, thinking that the robots were too smartie here.
The walls were painted in dark green color and the wooden ceiling and baseboard moldings were trimmed in a lighter green color. Between the top and bottom moldings of the colored walls, hundreds and hundreds of hand painted portraits, displaying both male and female nobles, were posed in various activities, such like, sitting, standing, laughing, talking, and dancing inside their particular timeless art work. The art portraits occupied every square inch of wall space from the bottom up to the top, side to side, and even on the grand staircase wall which displayed the baron’s blood family of Agri both beauty and elegance. I sighed with grace.
My inherited castle was painted in an array of faded tones of chartreuse (that’s greenish-yellow) which was so dull and faded that the walls looked more like puke green hues, but it shined of cleanliness with no character, which made a mega ton of work to do for the new first lady of Bonita. I sighed with determination.
Starra and Bot moved down an empty hallway to a pair of curvy double doors on the right and were greeted by Bartholomew. He bounced both his smile and his blonde curls, wearing the same…maybe…a new green colored outfit with the same matching kneecap length cape that Starra had encountered a lot. He opened both arms and hugged Starra into his cape, again, pecking a sweet kiss on her cheekbone. He pulled back, saying with a happy grin. “Starra, you look divine. Please enter this way for our evening of fun and enjoyment.” He grabbed and released her naked hand, staring at her airborne wiggling pink painted fingernails of Starra, and gasped. “Where are your lady noblette gloves?”
I dropped open a mouth, shifting both hands behind a back spine, faking a smile to Bartholomew. “In the zipper ship, I…I am so careless and…and excited to see you that I forgot. I am sorry. I can eat with fingers, if need be. Do you forgive me, pretty please, B.A.?” I said with a giggle and a nod.
Bartholomew snapped his fingers as Sbot dropped a metal panel with a clink.
I gasped in my girly shock.
Sbot reached inside its panel hole and retrieved a pair of white colored wrist length gloves, extending its metal limb to Starra.
I kept my mouth open and as, my eyeballs stared at the presented pair of gloves.
Bartholomew said with a stern face. “A noblette lady must wear her gloves, before any social event, and then remove them, before eating. Please borrow these gloves presented as my gift.”
I stared at the pair of gloves like a live Agri snake, sounding with a lady sneer. I was not wearing someone else’s dirt and sweat from their pair of nasty gloves. Gloves were a personal item like a personal toothbrush. I did not want to share my toothbrush either. I said with a lady growl. “Where did they come from? Where wore them last? Who do they belong to?”
He chuckled. “Someone, I care deeply about. Please wear the gloves and attend to our evening dinner with me, Starra.”
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, slowly touching the soft fabric. My Tele power of teleclairvoyance activated with a Tele photo, displaying an image of a young teen girl with blonde hair and dark skin. I said with a lady sneer. “O. A b…”
“Better! We shall start our entrance into the dining room. I am the host and master of the Agri castle.” He extended his arm with a silly grin.
I snatched the gloves from the metal hand and jerked them over my hands, covering my entire wrist bone. The gloves sagged around my fingers as they were too long and too big that were really designed for her.
Bartholomew snatched her arm, cuddling Starra to his cape.
Two hovering Sbots, guarding the archway of the double door, opened each door. Music played in the room. There were a set of small two or three person sitting tables that were decorated with a dark green linen tablecloth, a vase of red colored flowers, a set of empty dinner plates, and a room of animated citizens from planet Agri, only.
The carpeted walkway held two parallel rows of fire flaming white colored blazing candles which were encased in clear glass, leading to the other end of the private dining room.
I pondered if the fire alarms worked and the water bill had been paid, scanning the semi-dark room for one gray colored side exit door. I sighed with fire.
Gentlemen were dressed in a colored coded dark green shirt, a pair of matching slacks, and a matching cape like Baron Bartholomew, and sat next to their ladies, who glittered in dark green gowns and yeah, it was the only fabric in the clothing store on planet Commerce.
We smiled and strolled hand-in-hand down the red plush carpet run away…naw…runway.
Bartholomew smiled and waved with his other hand back and forth and sometimes imitated a waist bow for fun to the small children, who appeared with a single flower in their tiny hands as BA shuffled the flower to Starra.
I accumulated an overflowing two armful of flowers which cut and bleed my naked forearms, feeling a little overwhelmed with the unfamiliar noble protocol as that red coloring book or that long winded metal Bot had not trained my teen behavior for this particular situation. So I winged it after passing the fourth row of occupied tables and waved the flowers with a pretty smile, dropping both the flower petals and the sharp thorns. I recalled that the word jubilation means both to have fun and to celebrate the fun. I sighed with jubilation.
Baron chuckled at her impromptu teen reaction.
At the end of carpet ride, I saw two raised platforms that contained two private tables with limited seating. One table was prepared for the awaiting guests with a set of empty plates and full water goblets. The other table was occupied by two people.
Bartholomew whipped and waved his hand directly to the female as she both stared and sneered at Starra. He halted at the second table, cuddling Starra in his cape, introducing with a happy grin. “Lady Starra, it is my pleasure to present my beautiful sister Baronetess Ivy and her husband and my brother-in-law Baronet Zak?”
Yeah, I recalled the noble names from the red coloring book but ignored it…them…her.
I curtseyed with my crossed ankles, not falling on her face, being a required action item for a noblette to another noblette, which I thought was really stupid, but Bot droned it in my neurons during my dressing session like ten minutes ago. I was a fast learner, babe. I stared her face and remembered from the glossy picture in the red coloring book and on one of the colorful television screens which was located at the Bonita warehouse.
Well, Ivy had gained some weight, but she was still sorta beautiful possessing the exact same manly facial features as her biological brother, except for the weight gain. Yeah I repeated. And she possessed a head of long blonde hair tossed over her naked collar bone. She wore a light green colored gown with a big bad set of awesome ruby red gem stone necklace on her thick manly neck, and a set of matching earrings on her little deformed tiny earlobes. And a big silk red sash was tied around her thick waist, making it tiny, sorta.
Zak wore a light green suit which matched his wife and no one really cared about the guy’s attire.
Who really admired the male as the woman was wearing the fashionable gown, gems, and glamorous accessories to the social ball?
Zak possessed a head of bright red hair, a pair of blue eyes, and a tint of bronze skin tone from many years of living and working the farming life on planet Agri.
Baronetess Ivy gracefully rose from the chair, looking both tall and regal, smiled and extended her gloved hand to cover her manly hands.
I reached and slapped my glove in her hand.
She said with a husky tone which was similar to the manly tone like her biological brother, too. “Welcome…” She gasped and stared at her personal glove on Starra, “That…that is my glove. You are wearing my glove…”
I gasped and tried to jerk my hand as she held my hand hostage with force between her manly palms.
Bartholomew chuckled and patted Starra on the collar bone. “Lady Starra forgot her own pair of noblette gloves for the evening affair. Is it fine, sis, if she borrowed them for the evening?”
“Well, I guess. Enjoy your evening, Lady Starra.” Ivy sat and stared at her gloves on Starra.
I said with a fake smile and a nod to Ivy. “Enjoy your night, bi…”
“Bye, Sis and Zak! Enjoy your dinner too.” Bartholomew shoved Starra to the other eating table.
My Tele powers were pinging within my open mind that everything was fine, because my human senses were too jealous. Bartholomew assisted Starra in the chair, and as each Wbot or a waitress robot served a platter of beef, corn, rice, fruit pears, bread rolls, and a tiny sliver of chocolate cake for dessert. I ate all my good food and ordered three more pieces of the delicious dark rich chocolate cake from Wbot, who obeyed and delivered immediately. And I consumed the two and one half, nicely.
Bartholomew chuckled and announced in his baritone timbre like an audio comlen over the first three rows of eating tables near his platform. “I’ve never seen a noble lady eat, so much.” Starra blushed in tones of both light candy and hot pink colors as he leaned to her nose profile. “Would you enjoy another slice of cake, Starra? There are more desserts for everyone,” chuckling.
I dropped the fork of cake and wiped my greasy lips on the cloth napkin. “No thank you. I’m very satisfied. The meal was delicious.”
Bartholomew pushed his set of dirty dishes forward from his place setting, gazing into her eyes.
I smiled, hopefully, without food grim between my front molars.
Ivy tapped a gloved fist on her eating table for attention, turning a smile to see Bartholomew. “The music has begun, B.A.”
Bartholomew sweet breathed on her cheekbone. “Do you enjoy two-stepping, Starra?” He stood, extending his naked hand.
“I love dancing.” I smiled and grabbed his extended hand.
Bartholomew and I rushed down the three levels of stairs with the other invited guests, landing in the open foyer, where the food tables had been cleared and the green tile floor sparkled without dirt.
Baron escorted Starra on the dance floor as her dress train fell off the last step of the staircase. He twirled her around in a circle as her dress train soared in the air.
I laughed, twirled, giggled, and swirled with fun excitement.
And then the music stopped.
The invited guests parted and formed a half circle around Bartholomew and Starra. 
The music played a jazzy song with both saxophones and trombones musical notes.
Bartholomew and I danced in a circle, kicking our shoes up in the air and tossing our hands over our skull, laughing and smiling.
And then the music stopped.
Bartholomew shuffled Starra to the side with the other guests, waiting and watching.
The music played a soft musical song of both piano and violins instrument notes. 
The young female emerged from a side wall corner, wearing a short elaborate pink skirt looking like a ballerina. The dancer performed a graceful leap, a powerful jump, and landed on her pointy toes, beating her right foot against her left foot. She stood, lifting both her arms and her hands looking like a vertical arrow, pointing her fingernails and her face to the ceiling. She changed her leg positions, beating her right leg in the air.
She stopped and deeply curtseyed almost kissing her lips on the tiles, and up righted her face and her torso, running and hiding in the opposite wall corner. The invited guests applauded with soft hand claps, acknowledging her pretty dance show.
A new song started rolling and banging on drums with heavy musical tones of a bong and a dong. The adult male smoothly glided over floor on his knees and jumped up on his boots, kicking both legs in an outstretched position. He touched the tips of his boots with an impressive move to the bold staccato music. The dancer performed a series of small jumps, kicking his legs side to side, front to back, and finally run off the floor and hid in the same corner with the ballerina. More soft claps applauded.
Ivy touched Bartholomew on the sleeve, saying with a smile and a nod. “B.A., it’s time for us to depart for to the royal palace.”
Bartholomew whispered with a smirk into the eardrum of Starra. “The real party begins now.” I sighed with happiness.


Red nameless building with orange painted auditorium
Dance floor setting
16th hour (early evening)
Colder temperatures with moonlight and bright stars


I crammed beside Bartholomew inside the carrier ship that was built for four persons and six pieces of luggage as Pbot lifted and flew the ship to the red building that held the orange painted auditorium, halting in front of the entrance way.
Bartholomew assisted Starra from the rear seating and moved them to the building.
In the foyer, both bots and citizens were dressed in an assortment of elaborate formal gowns, wearing an array of glittering jewels and fur capes.
Bartholomew halted to greet and chat with Count Dov and his wife Countess Bea of Ice; Priest Ito and his wife Priestess Las of Uni, and more moving lips and smiling cheekbones that I would never remember with the strange names and that I could not pronounce either.
The auditorium space had been redesigned without the sitting bleachers from the festival of Jubilation this morning and replaced with a talented group of musicians, an assortment of musical instruments, and numerous dancing couples.
A soft smooth classical song of woodwind instruments and piano keys played over the comfone.
Bartholomew and I elegantly and gracefully glided onto the dance floor with a steady beat of music. I sighed with enjoyment.
I was so happy to attend the royal party, having Bot as wonderful metal friend, who prepared me for my duties as Lady of Bonita that included my first royal function tonight. I was adapting to my galaxy and my new escort, pretty well. 
The master of ceremonies said via the comfone on the platform stage. “Random Dandom, nobles and ladies take your appropriate positions, please.”
“What’s the Random Dandom?” I said with a smile to Bartholomew.
“In one word, fun,” Bartholomew tightened his gloved hand over her gloved hand, moving and posing Starra in a straight line of only females beside Ivy. I sighed with surprise.
Ivy leaned over the hair roots of Starra, being taller. “It is a group dance which is exhibited by a variety of movements while dancing to different musical tones and tempos.”
“I don’t understand.” I said with a confused frown, staring at Bartholomew, who stood across from me in a separate row of only males.
“A very simply dance, watch BA and me. You’ll catch on very quickly.” Ivy said with a nod, jerking her body back into her dance spot.
I waved to Bartholomew, not really understanding my role. “All right…”
The music started with a single drum roll, ending in a thud.
At the beginning of the musical note, each dance couple faced each other in one of two distinct parallel straight lines. One line was the ladies. The other line was the males.
The males bowed and the ladies curtseyed to each other in their respective dance lines.
I followed Ivy and curtseyed to Bartholomew, smiling with a giggle.
The musical song rose to a beautiful pitch of high tones of piano, flute, and violin instruments.
The first couple of dancers, who were standing near the purple stage, started the motion and waltzed down the middle empty space, holding their hands and breathing into each other’s face.
The other standing males and females clapped, sung, whistled, and swayed their bodies side to side or back and forth to the music, waiting on their turn of dance in the middle of the empty aisle.
The first couple danced their way out through the empty aisle and then parted their kissing face, separating their bodies, standing in a new spot at the end of the appropriate line.
The second couple began and clung to each other’s body parts, running in a zig-zag pattern sideways through the middle space, dancing down the empty aisle to the loud and snappy musical song.
Each dance coupled performed their own unique dance steps with their dance partners.
My turn came.
Bartholomew extended his arm, touched the tip of her gloved hand, and jerked Starra into his silk cloak. They twirled, whirled, and swirled in circles, dancing and laughing, traveling down the parallel lines of pretty bodies.
Ivy was correct this dance method and form was fun.
After the last couple sashayed to the end of parallel lines and landed in the last spot of the line, the music tempo changes with a new song.
The line of gentlemen shifted and two stepped to the side as I stood in the same spot, seeing the husband of Ivy in front of my eyeballs.
Ivy leaned with a smile over the hair roots of Starra. “This is the random part. The music and partners vary from this point onward.”
“I get it now.” I stared with a smile and a nod to Zak.
A new drum roll started with a fanfare of the new song.
The males bowed down to a waist. The ladies curtseyed to the floor, spreading their gowns onto the dirty tiles.
The first strange couple near the stage came together and tap danced their soles to a light musical tune of trumpets and clarinets instruments, going down the middle space, parking at the end of the line. Then the second strange couple came together and slow danced same song, showing off their wonderful dance moves.
My turn came. Zak extended his arms as I grabbed his fingers. He and I performed a series of step up, step back then hop and hop dance movements, going down the middle aisle, laughing into each other face. I sighed with fun.
The last couple danced down the middle space. At the end of the song, the males scooted to the right, forming a new line of dancing couples with their opposite partners.
The musical tempo changed for the fourth time and the dancers formed a new set of parallel lines. The line of gentlemen shifted to my right as I faced a new dance partner. The musical notes shuffled us to a new rhyme for the next set of dance steps of rapid foot work or slow sliding soles.
Time passed quickly.
I stopped dancing to grab a glass of water for my dry throat and briefly chatted with Bartholomew to thank him for the invitation to royal party. Then the last music song ended and musicians stopped playing their instruments as the tired guests departed the auditorium to their individual star ships for their home. Jubilation Day was over. I sighed with sadness.
On the 20th hour (midnight) inside the royal castle parking lot underneath a sky with bright stars and cold temperatures, Bot adjusted the gears inside the air ship for traveling back to her castle at end of the cobblestone street as the night time passed like a sleeping good dream.
I lightly slumbered in the rear of ship, relaxing my aching toe bones exhausted from the dancing, jumping, leaping, and having a grand ole time with my new friends. I desired more social events, especially with my gentlemanly escort Bartholomew. I sighed with satisfaction.
Starra, I need your help! Starra! Rosa connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Starra.
“Rosa.” I opened my eyelashes and stared out the forward window, seeing the white stars and dark night. “Lady Rosa. Bot, turn to the left, we steal a zipper and fly to Bonita, now.”
Alien Day 11


1st hour (very early morning)
Planet Bonita
Private sleeping chamber of Lady Rosa
Night dark sky without clouds, moon and bright stars


Bot landed the stolen zipper on top of the chipped concrete within a new record intergalactic time race.
I had no choice to steal again. Rosa owned one zipper that Dirk was currently flying around the galaxy for some reason. So I was using the air ship for touring around planet Commerce.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I entered first in the kitchen, seeing total destruction. The heavy appliances were overturned. The stuffed kitchen shelves were emptied and the kitchen wallpaper was ripped off the walls. I ordered, walking through the mess. “Bot, record everything. I do not know what we’ll find around the corner.”
The living room was damaged, in the same manner, with the furniture legs heaved upright like dead animals. The books were tossed down on the floor with pictures of nobles ripped apart and thrown in the dark corner. I sighed with concern.
I performed a Tele jump and a Tele sail taking two steps at a time up the staircase and over the floor, performing a Tele dash to her private bedroom, using my Tele tracking powers.
Her body was outstretched over the corner sofa in her sitting room and as she wore an ashen colored mask over her wrinkled face. Her hands, her lips, and her cheekbones were both dried and cracked with scattered white blisters and splattered patches of red blood.
I kneel on my dress, leaning to her bloody and red chapped cheekbone, whispering. “What has happened, Rosa?”
Rosa blinked her eyelashes opened and closed, then opened and closed, barely breathed a whisper. “No time to explain, my dear! We must hurry, before it is too late.”
“Hurry?”
Rosa opened her eyelashes and stared up at the ceiling, seeing lightness then darkness and then lightness, barely breathing air out her tight lungs. “Starra, I realize that your studies have been rushed, especially training with the masers and the bracelets. I have one more lesson to show you. Bonitians are endowed with certain innate powers. They have the ability to transfer Tele talents to others.” She cut her eyeballs to Starra.
I dropped the mouth with a whisper, “Talents, such as, tap dancing…” for your fun, too.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Rosa sounded with a gurgle, instead of a giggle, and barely breathing a whisper. “Wit, I will miss your humor, Pami.”
I did not giggle and leaned to her cheekbone. “Miss, as in leaving for a long vacation, Rosa.” I tried to be funny sound by covering my mixed and jumbled emotions, coming from my broken heart, and aching head, since my tummy ached with fluttering with thousand and one butterflies.
“I am afraid my vacation is going to be on a more permanent basis. I will leave you something to remember me.” She smiled with a faint curl on her dry cracked lips, moving her shaky hand on the left side of her body, presenting an object. “This is a talisman, given to me by my father. I want you to keep this close. Do not let it out of your sight. It is time. Touch it, my dear.”
I did not obey.
Rosa was dying based on my visual, verbal, and metaphysical facts of her mystical and mysterious ailment. Now, I was truly afraid of what all this means without her precious guidance as my monitor.
Rosa barely breathed with a whisper, “Starra.”
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I surrounded my body with a Tele shield and grabbed the gold glittering talisman in her open palm which was crossed over her chest like a dead person. My mind saw images of a baby, a child, a teenager, and an adult.
Her!
My mind whirled and changed to horizontal and vertical streaks of colored pastel lights and rainbow waves, and as my nerve ends felt joy, happiness, strength, knowledge, and power. My eardrums heard loud laughter, harmonious singing, and soft music. All of the strange sensations bombarded, circled, and penetrated my body through a series of mentally, emotionally, physically, spiritually tones.
And then suddenly it all vanished.
My eyelashes opened to see to the dried and peeled wall paint and as, my body had surged with tons of rejuvenated and powerful energy, hearing a clink. I turned with a sour frown to see the sound, seeing my closed palms in front of my breasts, feeling a smooth object tickling my skin.
I turned with a sour frown to see Rose, and gasped.
Her physical body had been drained of both moist fluids and wet liquids and wore a new set of gray colored tighten skin that was continuing to shrivel with a slurp over her exposed white skeleton structure.
“Stang!” I tumbled backward and landed on my fanny, dropping the talisman in my dirty white skirt. I sighed with sadness.
So, Lady Rosa was dead.
Bot hovered at the archway and watched Starra through his eye ports like a good spy.
I twirled to the side and landed on my kneecaps.
Bot waited for Starra like a good robot.
I slowly stood and moved to archway, shielding the gold talisman inside the silky folds of my gown from the spying eye ports of Bot, saying with a lady sneer. “Let’s get out of here.”


3rd hour (very early morning)
Planet Commerce
Castle location of Starra
Kitchen setting
Dark sky with bright stars and moonlight


I stirred from my short catnap as my air ship jolted to a stop inside my garage bay of the Commerce noblette castle. I saw darkness in the garage bay, whispering with a lady sneer, “Bot.”
I slapped the air ship door open, standing and hearing a whish of the fabric, feeling my two feet ache in the heeled sandals. I left the ship door up and moved and tripped in the darkness of the garage bay. I performed a Tele see and moved to the closed garage door, whispering with a lady sneer, “Stang.”
I slammed the kitchen door open, stepping to darkness, and halted for safety, whispering with a lady sneer, “Stang!”
Bot had cut either purposefully or accidentally the power to the overhead lights in the kitchen.
I was too exhausted from my dancing evening with fun Bartholomew and my something morning with dead Rosa.
I slowly moved forward without light and stumbled to bar stool. I knew it there, but I was to mad to remember, think, see, and breathe, whispering with a lady snarl. “I promise that I am going to disassembly that floating trashcan, tomorrow…today…after breakfast…”
I gingerly touched each counter top, every table, every chair, and the wall paint searching for a dark path to the staircase, feeling too tired to play any more mind games with dead Rosa or absent Bot. “I promise, tomorrow, I will disassemble and reassemble and then reprimand that robot…”
The kitchen space, the dining room, and the living room were all dark without lights. The loud thunder sounded with a rumble over the roof of my dark evil castle and the bright yellow lightning bolt illuminated darkness to lightness with a flash. I sighed with reason.
The thunder storm must have caused a power outage in my castle.
So I owed Bot an apology.
My mechanic friend had been trying to figure out the problem and solve it at this very moment.
I tripped over something and landed on my fours which include my two naked palms and my silk covered two kneecaps. I said with a moan. “Oops.” I grabbed the object near my hand made of smooth slightly heated metal and dropped it swiftly. I sighed with puzzlement.
My eyeballs scanned and saw no lights from the thing, indicating dead.
The loud thunder sounded with a crack for a second time.
I looked up to see the darken staircase, where the window was located and as, at that precise moment, a bolt of yellow lightning illuminated the darkness and showed a dark figure at the top of the staircase. I sighed with irritation.
I whispered with a lady sneer. “I got an uninvited guest and I forgot to clean the house.”
Humanoid in both size and shape, the visitor leaped off the top of the staircase, running with taps down the staircase to Starra.
I crouched on my kneecaps, shifting on my satin closer to the sofa leg, calming my tingling nerve endings in my spine.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentration. Focus. Quiet.
The loud thunder sounded with a crack again. The yellow bolts of lightning made a flash again and as, the mean storm darken both the sky and the room in black.
My fragile nerves and dark thoughts exhausted me, mentally. Do not move. Close your eyes. Use your T-powers. See the figure.
I panted, hearing my heavy breathing, and anticipated the invader’s movements, hearing the floor creaks with my Tele eardrums as the invader closed near me.
Male.
I smelled his stinky body order with my Tele nostrils.
He danced and stalled near the sofa, wearing a black hood and a one-piece jumpsuit, searching the dark wall methodically for the female, slowly moving to the sofa.
Gathering my dress and train in a ball, I stood on my kneecaps, waiting impatiently, holding my breath from both my fear and his stench.
The male passed the sofa leg.
I swung a piece of loose metal from the broken object at his leg.
The male fell hard forward to the floor on his kneecaps then on his chest, and finally on his face, flipping on his back spine. He pulled his injured leg into his face and screamed in pain.
I jumped up from behind the sofa, dragging my gown, running to the stairs.
A second male appeared, wearing a face hood and a dark jumpsuit too, leaping from the dark side of the staircase, and snatched the train of her dress. He pulled her dress to his chest with a set of powerful biceps.
I leaped to the stairs and fall on my elbows, feeling the pull of my belly button over the dirty floor, flipping over on my back spine. I performed a Tele kick with my leg up and connected with his jaw, knocking his sorry bee-hind to the opposite wall.
He hit and shattered the delicate crystal figurines in the bookshelf. I sighed with energy.
I executed a Tele leap up in the air coming from my back spine, and performed a Tele spin, facing the first step, slowly running up the steps to my bed chamber.
The first male quickly recovered from his leg pain, swiftly shuffling with a limp over the floor and up the stairs, chasing after the female.
My Tele eardrums heard the swoosh sounds of his injured leg over the floor and up the staircase.
Everything ain’t fine, darling. My T-power pinged.
I limped half-way up the stairs, stopped and turned, kicking the snot out of his face with a flying left sandal plus an arched naked foot.
The first male wobbled sideways and nicely bleed inside his cloth hood that cosmetically stuck to both his nose and mouth, falling back down the three steps, unconscious on the staircase.
I swung and ran to the closest room near the stairs. I sighed with fear.
Inside my private sleeping chamber, I slammed the door closed, locking the bolt, huffing and puffing musically for both oxygen and fear. I swung my curls and looked around the room to see more darkness without the lighted electricity as the thunderstorm had passed overhead. Soft rain thunder echoed near the stadium and heard eerie silence in my crowded hallway of uninvited guests…kidnappers…murderers.
No footsteps!
The wooden door echoed with a boom from the club hit.
I jumped back from the archway, staring at the closed door.
The second angry male was beating to death the wooden door with a club and as I saw him and his club through a Tele view.
The wooden door echoed with a boom, boom, boom…
I gathered and collected all the air currents, performing a Tele shove to the door, holding my dear life safe, keeping the fragile wooden door intact, and created an invisible Tele bubble around the archway to keep me and the male hopefully separated, forever more.
I back stepped to the wall, feeling very, very tired emotionally, physically, and mentally. I had almost used up all my metaphysically and physically energy doing these defensive magic tricks with my T-powers. I enjoyed the joyous dancing all night long with Bartholomew, and the weirdly unhappy transference dance wake of dead Rosa.
The wooden door echoed with a boom, boom, boom…
And then silence.
I leaned my face forward and strained my Tele eardrums for a slight move, hearing a couple of faint voices and more heavy foot falls.
Both the males were running away.
Using my T-power of clairvoyance, I executed a Tele trail following them down the hallway, down the stairs, through the door, and they left my castle. I moved to the window, peeking through the glass in the dark sky for a sign of movement by a male or an animal, seeing dark, hearing quiet, and feeling peaceful.
I closed my eyelashes, accessing the last ounce of my T-powers of telepathy, executing a Tele scan of each Bonita room above and below me, feeling the absent life forms.
I dropped to the carpet, releasing my Tele shield. If someone barged through that door, it will be over for me.
I closed my eyelashes, feeling both exhaustion and fatigue overtake my body, my mind, and my soul.
I passed out, totally.
At the 9th hour (late morning) inside my private sleeping during a sunny day with cold temperatures and light winds, the noise sounded with a boom, a pop, a clap, a bang, a crash, complimenting a series of loud explosions, and a single ray of sun from the glass pane on my face. I shouted with a lady growl. “What the fudge…”
I sat up on my elbows from sleeping on my back spine on the clean carpet in my dress, feeling my sore muscles and my bruised limbs. I slowly stood and moved to the window, performing a Tele sight of the far objects.
I gasped.
Four silver shiny ram ships hovered war-like over the stadium, bombarding and blowing the concrete from the walls and over the citizens with multiple sets of pretty killing red maser waves.
I recognized the unique star ship design from Jubilation Day, where it hovered over Lad’s castle, because I liked to look at the pictures in the big fat red coloring book provided by Rosa. These strange ship designs were used, exclusively in battle time, which had not occurred for a long time ago, during a short civil wartime between the nobles and commoners. Yeah, I had studied.
I saw mobs of people fleeing for their lives, running, flying, and limping from the stadium.
I gasped and twisted to the door, slamming it open, running down the hallway, and descended the steps, hollering. “Bot. Bot. Bot. Come quickly, we need to help these people…”
I dragged my damaged gown over my feet, tripping on a large hole in the hemline of my skirt, and performed a Tele balance with my telekinesis, before I busted my nose face. I stopped and studied my attire.
Messy.
My dress train was ripped, tore, and dragging ten inches farther behind the skirt of gown. I had lost all my diamond jewelry, probably strewed over the floor. The good news was that the tight waistline was gone forever, because the satin ribbons in rear the gown had been cut making the dress more breathable and loose fitting.
I yelled looking around the totally destroyed living room. “Bot. Bot.” I looked down with a puzzled frown to see the scattered metal, staring at crushed silver components below my naked feet.
Bot, my metal friend had been attacked, disassembled, and destroyed. I sighed with grief.
The noise sounded in a boom, a clap, and a bang.
No mourning my faithful mechanical companion, now. Citizens needed assistance, now. I jerked my dress up to my kneecaps and used a Tele lift on my scattered sandals to my hands.
On top of the yellow tinted cobblestone street in the cold temperatures with bright sunshine, I sailed out the front door, performing a Tele float three inches from the pavement, sliding on my sandals over my feet, and executed a Tele race down the street.
Some citizens, wearing their fancy pastel and rainbow colored outfits, flowing animal fur capes, and expensive jewelry, were running and screaming. Some citizens toted their injured children, running and sobbing. Some citizens dragged their bags of merchandise, running and crying.
Red and yellow fires coupled with the blue and white explosions decorated and then destroyed the stadium in the far distance as the numerous emergency vehicles rushed to the graphic scene. Or the vehicles halted and assisted the numerous injured citizens on the street, the sidewalks, and in the grassy parks.
I continued to Tele soar over the bloody cobbles tone, slowly venturing to the stadium, and wiggled my fingers, sending a Tele heal to some of the minor injuries on the citizens. Then the four ram ships fired their massive and flaming afterburners and dispersed in the north, south, east, and west directions from the stadium, opening its belly and dropped a payload of bombs.
I gasped and hit the grass, covering my skull, not hearing or feeling any type of loud explosion or a series of ear piercing screams of people or nothingness.
And then I felt, not dead, but alive and confused.
I chin whipped my freckles to the skyline, where the bombs gently floated down to the grass, the sidewalks, and the street. I outstretched my hand, catching the floating bomb, a single piece of paper, and reading out loud: Heed the Sickness or Die!
This was not a Sickness event, remembering the proper medical explanation of Rosa story time. I shook my curls with a shaky hand, holding the dang death bomb.
My Tele powers ping. Everything ain’t fine.
Something else was happening here which was very bad for me, without using my Tele powers.
My Tele ears heard a shout of victory. I sighed with curiosity.
On the 10th hour (mid-day) inside the red tinted nameless building with orange auditorium on top of the dance floor, I stood upright and walked ahead in my high fashion sandals, dragging my gown, and moved slowly down the street, performing a Tele view of each booth and building, searching for the happy people party in the middle of war time.
Found it!
I stopped and stared at the auditorium, where all the Jubilation Day activities occurred and as my short term memory flooded with my quick happy thoughts.
Last Jubilation Day, I had beaten, not literally, Rita out of her wedding to Lad by answering the riddle and winning, last week.
This Jubilation Day, I danced happy musical dances with Bartholomew, last night.
And, today was Festival Day, where the Game would have started, this afternoon.
I danced around the grass and the rocks strolling to a set of twin gray colored side doors on the auditorium that Rann liked to use. Rex kept the front doors both locked and guarded for some dang reason.
And then my Tele eyeballs see him in my T-power of teleclairvoyance.
Baron Bartholomew was inside the auditorium in danger and shouting for help.
I reacted with intense rage and girlfriend emotions and stupidly slammed my body to the twin doors as the doors were bolted from the inside building.
I side stepped over to the window and peek-a-booed into the clean glass, seeing that the citizens danced around the floor for some reason. One citizen stood, the other citizen on the floor.
Bartholomew was the one lying on the floor both wounded and bleeding from a series of minor injuries from my naked eyeballs.
I executed a Tele scan on his body, saying with a lady sneer, “Time for a magnificent feat, Starra.” I paused for beauty. “What would hurt less breaking down a pair of steel doors or breaking through a single glass window?” I sighed with determination.
I opted for the doors. If I hit the middle of the crease, then my momentum will cause the door panel to bend faster on impact, causing less damage to my fragile body. I hoped and prayed swallowing down the thick mouth salvia.
And I was due to be right for a change.
I back pedaled in my sandals about forty feet from the twin doors, gathering and collecting all the air currents with a Tele pull. I pulled the air currents around my body kinda like a fur coat, without the fur, and performed a Tele ran and a Tele leap into a cartwheel, diving into three forward hand springs, and a Tele jump in the air to the seam of the doors. I hit, broke, and bent the steel doors with my awesome T-powers and as, the doors parted and fell on the floor with a boom and a bang.
I still executed a Tele soar in flight into the room and twisted to a Tele somersault, tucking my body, cushioning my skull for the upcoming impact. I executed a Tele glide over the floor, twirling in the air, lowering my folded body to the floor. I hit, rolling forward over the floor and out of my folded body, stretching my body forward over the floor but hanging in the air with two inches of space between me and floor, yeah, baby.
I performed a soft Tele drop on my back spine and executed a swift Tele upright in the air, slowly completing a Tele land on my sandals with my dress train behind my fanny, facing an unconscious Bartholomew, who laid about fifty feet from me.
And then I encountered an obstacle between him and me.
A young male about sixteen or seventeen or eighteen years old or maybe, I did not really give a fart. He displayed a slender horse shaped face, featuring a flat nose, a semi-round chin, a pair of dark green eyes, and a long forehead. Red thin strands of straight hair covered his right eyeball and part of his pale ghostly white skin. The strands over the eyeball were attached to a long red ponytail that flowed down his back spine. He wore a greenish-yellow colored shirt and a pair of matching trousers, which were neatly tucked into a pair of brown knee boots.
And he was with a sissy sneer like a pre-teen.
I showed my teeth, saying with a lady sneer, too, “Stang.” I sighed with annoyance.
“Starra,” Dirk chuckled. “You should never use that nasty word.” He curled his lips, dancing his hips, making his cape sway side to side. He wore his clean and non-stained puke greenish-yellow colored shirt and a pair of matching trousers, tucked into his polished brown knee boots.
I closed our math distance, saying with another lady sneer for both our eardrums. “Why?”
Dirk back stepped from her advancement, saying with a smirk, “Better late than never, Lady Starra!”
My eyeballs darted to the side door, seeing a tiny figure in the archway.
Rann stared at both Dirk and Starra and shouted from the door, his favorite exit point. “Dirk, the ship leaves in five minutes and I would like for you to also please extend my personal invitation to Lady Starra for a ride.” He swung around and moved out the auditorium.
The side auditorium door closed.
One of his honor guards, wearing a pressed and ironed white uniform with a red sash, lifted Bartholomew from the floor, hauling him over his broad shoulders.
I shouted with my princess attitude, flinging my arm. “Stop, honor guard!” The honor guard did not heed my warning or turn with his eyeballs to see me, and was totally ignoring me. I was Lady Starra, first noblette of Bonita. I sighed with miffness.
Dirk sounded with a sissy sneer and moved to Starra, blocking her foot path.
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, stomping my sandal. I wanted to beat that honor guard black and blue with both my folded fists, after I intercepted and rescued Bartholomew. I sighed with apprehension.


I mentally back flashed past into my home world on Planet Earth, during my Tele Training, when Dan, the sword man had teased me with his sharp pointy sword too.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present, my eyeballs looked up to see Dirk and as my throat said with a lady growl. “You’ve been itching to fight me for some time, Dirk.” I moved ahead and encircled his tallness and as my other eyeball tracked the honor guard, who was toting Baron across his shoulders.
“You do scratch me the wrong way, Starra.” He spat his mouth salvia down onto his cute hand dagger and slowly pulled out his saber from the leather sheath with his other fighting hand, smiling with an evil grin.
Geez! I did not want any play time of fun with Lord Creep and cut my eyeballs back to the guard, again, who was touching the door knob for his escape with my boyfriend Bartholomew over his collar bone.
Dirk said with a sissy sneer like a pre-teen. “En guard!” He saluted the sword to his nose and whipped it back and forth, killing the oxygen molecules for his silly fun.
I darted my eyeballs back to Dirk with no plan, exhaling with a puff of frustration. “Dang! No weapon. What to do blow him a kiss, maybe?” I looked back to the closing side door.
The honor guard had disappeared with my boyfriend Bartholomew.
I scanned the auditorium for something to throw at Lord Creep, seeing a pretty display case that I had completely missed yesterday. The case contained dozens of different geometrical shaped swords, daggers, arrows, and bows too.
I greatly desired to pitch the entire collection of beautifully crafted deadly weapons at his tallness, but I was too tired, bruised, and sore, fearing that my Tele aim might miss him and hit me by accident. Therefore, I executed a Tele jerk and a Tele lift of one of the lighter swords into all fingers, using my T-power of telekinesis. I sighed with toil.
Dirk was not a patient teacher like Huntress, who was my very first self-defense instructor and my Tele mate from planet Earth.
He executed a Tele leap in a pretty arch almost touching the ceiling with the tip of his saber and performed a Tele descent down on top of her hair roots.
I folded and ducked my body, gliding to the opposite side of his arc, landing on my kneecaps as my dress waded like a bundle of dirty panties, entwining my heels too. I performed a Tele kick and heard a wild whish of torn fabric and still could not maneuver my kneecaps, calves, feet, and legs around the floor.
I twisted a worried brow to see Dirk, holding my weapon and guarding my chest, sitting on the floor.
Dirk smirked with his deadly gaze, stomping on the extended fabric of her gown, keeping Starra pinned to the floor, saying with his sissy sneer. “I’m going to make your suffering slow and painful, Starra.”
“Eloquently put, smart-hole!” I mouth spat at him, missing.
His fighting hand swung with a low sweep of the saber and aimed at her throat.
I lifted my sword with two hands to the ceiling, blocking his fatal attack. Then the weapons smashed with a clash and a clink as the glittery silver and pretty red sparks danced before my eyeballs.
The blades broke into numerous big and small pieces and scattered in geographical distances over the floor. I sighed with surprise.
I held the jeweled hilt as my blade was missing.
Dirk gasped, examined the lonely hilt of his saber, and scanned the floor for the absent gold.
I gathered my torn dress in a ball and jump from the floor, running to the broken twin doors for an ungracious but fast escape from Lord Creep.
Dirk recovered from his daydreaming, gasped and sneered, watching Starra escape, and he leaped in the air, landing on the torn dragging end of her gown.
The dress train slowly stretched and halted as I did not. My neck, shoulders, and back muscles snapped back with intense pain as my skull head-butted with the hard floor. I lay on the cold floor in pain, closing my eyelashes, hearing the foot falls of my number one enemy.
Using my Tele power of Telekinesis, I performed a Tele jerk and a Tele lift on a second sword out from the display case of pretty weapons, completing a Tele jump, slowly wobbling on both of my fashion sandals. I executed a brilliant 360-degree geometric turn, slicing off the half bottom of gown in a circle at my kneecaps.
The fabric sprung backwards like a sling shot to Dirk. His momentum faltered and as his body tripped forward on his face in the gathered wad of soft fabric. He landed on his belly button on top of the fabric, spinning around and around in dizzying circles.
I laughed as my gown tilted my body to the side. I spun around and around out of control dancing over the floor, and halted as dizziness overtook my mesh brain, collapsing to the floor. I sighed with exhaustion.
Red blood attractively covered his nostrils and black burn markings framed a right cheekbone of his face, staring with his hate and his green eyes, holding a cute dagger in one hand, and stood over Starra. I sighed with defeat.
Do something, Starra! I mentally thought and as my sore muscles did not obey.
I said with a lady sneer, looking up in his nostril hair. “Slow and painful, remember, snot-nose,” I was getting the last word in even if it killed me dead. I believed that was Dirk’s original plan from the beginning of our first timely introduction on Bonita.
Dirk laughed and jerked his dagger in the air, leaning down to her freckles, bad-breathing with onion flavor, and whispered. “Time is up for me. If I destroy you, Rann will kill me. And I want to live another day. There will be another time for us as someone is not watching over you, Lady Starra of Bonita.” He lifted his torso and pivoted, leaving Starra and the auditorium.
“Stang! I’m still alive.” I whispered with a puzzled brow as my enemy did not kill me. And Rann wanted me alive too.
There were too many questions with no answers, so I will wait for the sequel. I sighed with life.
I shuffled up from the cold floor on my elbows, wearing a pounding headache, and two blurry eyeballs of dizziness and as, my tummy felt seasick nausea. I executed a Tele touch, using my T-power of telemetabolics on my body, and a Tele zap on the dizziness in my head, still feeling the other tiny aches and bruises all over my body. I did not bother healing, saying with a giggle of silliness. “What do you expect when you break down two steel plated doors and fight a lord?” I sighed with pain.
I slowly stood and slowly limped on my bruised and beaten body out in the sun, seeing drifting clouds of black and brown smoke from the damaged stadium. The red and blue fires had been extinguished by the emergency personnel. The yellow cobblestone street busied with traveling emergency vehicles, working medical technicians, and screaming men, women, and children, searching for their loved ones. I sighed with worry.
However, I must run and tattle to someone about Bartholomew, who had been kidnapped by Rann. I sighed with decision.
On the 11th hour (late morning) inside King Rex’s castle within the medical ward room with cool temperatures and a light breeze, Ivan and his honor guard units quickly established a central command center and a first aid assistance booth at the royal castle for the wounded, injured, and distressed survivors of ram ship maser bombardment on the stadium. The assigned honor guard at the sentry gate quizzed Starra about her name and her destination and finally escorted her to one of the medical wings of the palace.
I crawled on six limbs including my two palms, my two kneecaps, and my set of toes on top of the temporary medical bed, smelling the clean bed sheets, waiting for a medical staff member to assess my clinical condition. I sighed with pain.
Using my Tele power of telekinesis, I performed a Tele heal on painful black and red burns on the right side of my face and my neck from the fire sparklers of Dirk’s exploding blade. My right shoulder throbbed with some weird beat of new pain. Both my arms nicely bleed on top of the clean purple tinted sheets, smelling a couple of farts of from my upset tummy. I slowly twisted and laid down in a funeral-like pose, closing my eyelashes, hearing the soft taps of lady high heels.
“Starra, is that you?” A tall shapely blonde haired female, wearing a baby blue floor length curvy gown, stood in the archway with a sour frown.
I made a wish for her to disappear with my pain, but my wishes were not coming true today. I pretended to be a sleeping beauty, not a beast, saying with a silly giggle, “Yeah! What’s left of my a…”
“What fell on you?” Rita moved and smiled at the body of beaten and bloody Starra, dragging her dress train over the dirty wooden floor of a busy hallway.
I ignored her stupid question, pondering other matters. “Where’s your father?” I exhaled with puff of pain, sitting up on two elbows, the bruised one, and stared with a sour frown at her new pretty picnic dress of purple. “I have an important message to relay to him,” I gingerly touched my bleeding arm.
“My father’s very busy in another part of the castle. Tell me, my dear? You need medical treatment immediately. I’ll inform him of your important data and then I will call a med-tech for your bleeding wounds,” she said with an evil smirk.
I laid my body back down on the bed, closing my eyelashes, sounding with a groan of a pretend injured patient. I whisper for my eardrums only, “No way, honey.”
I did not trust you as you enjoyed hanging out with my new pen pals Dirk and Rann. I was not acknowledgeable about your secret, but I would find out soonest.
She moved closer to Starra.
“Excuse me, Your Highness! This person needs immediate medical attention,” the tall and pale tinted male med tech entered and moved to Starra.
I sat up on my non-bruised elbow, sounding with a groan like a real patient.
Rita turned with a sour frown and a lady sneer to see the med tech, ordering in an angry snip. “Later, commoner, we’re in a private discussion,” she turned with a smirk to see Starra.
I looked behind her neat hair bun.
He was short, bald and rounded without the purple crown and purple cape and cleared his throat, moving and staring at the noblette. “Starra, are you hurt?”
I said with a nod and a sour frown. “King Rex, I’m so glad to see you. I’m fine, but Bartholomew is not. He’s been captured. I need…”
“Captured!” Rex cut his eyeballs to Rita. She shrugged a naked shoulder in a clueless acknowledgement.
“He was kidnapped by Rann.” I said with an annoying tone to Rex.
Rex said with a sour frown. “Prince Rann, be very careful tossing around your actualizations, Lady Starra.”
“I’m in this condition due to a fight with Dirk. He was guarding Bartholomew when Rann ordered him to leave Commerce with Baron.” I fingered my torn dress and my bloody arm.
She gasped with alarm. “Do you really fight against Lord Dirk and won?” Rita said with a giggle.
I smiled with a chuckle. “I did not win, but I was not captured like Bartholomew.”
“Why, Baron Bartholomew?” Rex darted his eyeballs to Rita. She shrugged her shoulders for a second time in her clueless acknowledgement like a royal princess of the universe while smiling at Starra.
I rolled my eyeballs and mouth spat down on the floor, missing her new pretty picnic fashion sandals too. “We need to arrange a rescue party immediately for Bartholomew’s return.”
Rex shook his baldness, saying with a worried brow. “This is not the time for this discussion, Lady Starra. There may be spies in the castle. We have to be very cautious. Prince Rann will not harm Baron Bartholomew. He wants something else. In time, we will all find out what that is.” I sighed with disappointment.
I could not believe that I was obeying him. I had changed with the understanding that this was a state of emergency for the entire universe which affected both sides of the Wall. Rex was the ruler of the universe, deciding what life or death action became priority now.
I was a noble deciding to save Baron, because no citizen could or would or should stop me. And I had both my earthling resources and my alien talents which were nicely hidden away from the natives. I sighed with alien.
I said with a sour frown. “Is Rann behind the attack on Commerce too?”
“I don’t know. I need to contact Rosa. Is she located on Bonita?” Rex exhaled with a huff of worry, staring with a worried brow to Starra. I sighed with dread.
Ah naw, I forgot to tell someone about Rosa’s medical condition of dead. I meekly said. “Lady Rosa is dead. She passed away last night on Bonita.” I closed my eyelashes with the sad feelings and deep sorrow.
“I see.” Rex looked with a worried brow down to see the floor.
Rita dropped her mouth open with a gasp. “Rosa’s dead,” she smirked. “This is an interesting surprise and so suddenly. Were you the only person with her on Bonita?”
I opened my eyelashes and stared at the bald head of Rex. “Yes, she had contacted me. I…I am so sorry for more bad news, King Rex.”
Rex looked up with a worried brow to see Starra and patted her blooding arm.
I close my eyelashes again, trying not to cry from the pain of my arm, the loss of Rosa, and the fate Bartholomew at the hands of evil Rann and more evil Dirk.
Rex said with a nod and a grin. “It is okay. Rosa was a long-time friend.” He turned to see the archway as more taps of citizen soles moved and entered her room.
“King Rex,” the med tech stood in the door frame.
Rex turned to see Starra, saying with a nod and a smile. “You need medical treatment and rest, Starra. I’m calling a noble meeting later in the day. Don’t worry. We will get Bartholomew returned safely to Commerce.” He tenderly patted her blooding arm again.
I cringed in pain again.
Rita smirked and stared at Starra.
The med tech moved ahead and stared at Starra.
“Thank you,” I said with a fake grin of pain.
Rex and Rita turned and left the room.
I stared at the med tech, saying with a lady sneer. “Patch me up, quickly! I’m in a hurry, buddy. I have an appointment with a certain prince.”
“Buddy!” He chuckled and applied an ointment to her burnt face and her scorched neck, bandaged her bruised shoulder, and both her bleeding arms. Then, he punched a sharp hypodermic needle in her arm with a tranquilizer potion.
“Hey!” The needle puncture ached as the potion worked too quickly for me to zap him, no, the headache using my Tele of telemetabolics. I blinked my eyelashes open and shut then open and shut, gently flopping down with a yawn on the soft pillow.
“The king’s orders, you need your rest, Lady Starra.” The med tech smiled.
I saw his face darken into black.
Alien Day 12


11th hour (early afternoon)
Castle location of King Rex
Medical ward room of Starra
Sunny with cool temperatures and light winds


The bright sun ray reflected off the glass and shone on my sweaty face.
I blinked my eyelashes open, seeing a purple ceiling. The images flooded my mushy neurons of bad memories, such as, the bombing of stadium, the flying ram ships, the death of my friend Bot, and my monitor friend Rosa, and finally the kidnapping of my boyfriend Bartholomew.
I was not counting the duel with Dirk, but I had recalled a pre-announced noble meeting.
I shot up on my elbows and as, my head ached, and my throat tightened with a lady growl, “Stang!” I sighed with annoyance.
The same tall and pale tinted male med tech posed in the archway with a smile and a bag of poison…potions, moving to the bed with a nod. “Lady Starra, how are you feeling this glorious morn?”
I ripped the covers off my dirty body and arched my back, folded my kneecaps.
He visually examined her demeanor, first and shook his finger at Starra to remain inside the bed, second.
I dropped my kneecaps over the dirty linens not touching the dirty floor. “Fine, I need to leave now.”
He grabbed one of her bandaged arms and slipped off the bloody cloth, poking and probing her flesh. “You can depart, after I check your wounds for infection.” He looked up with a smile to see her face and her neck. “The lesions are gone. Move your shoulder, please?” I waved both my arms up and down, “Pain?” I shook my curls sideways. He ordered. “Show me the inside of your arms.” I displayed both my naked arms for inspection. He smiled. “The cuts are healed.” He back stepped from Starra.
I leaped from my bed and moved to the door, saying with a lady growl. “Yeah, I feel great. Can I go now?”
He spun to see her fanny, saying with a smirk. “You’re an exceptional healer, Lady Starra. Two days of rest replenishes the body, very fast, wouldn’t you agree?”
I halted and swirled in my torn gown, dropping my mouth. He smiled with a nod. I gasped, and said with a lady sneer. “Two days of rest. I’ve been asleep for two whole days. That’s forty-eight hours straight…”
He said with a sour frown. “Does your head ache? Are you feeling dizzy from marching? You do not add the hours correctly, Lady Starra. A Commerce day holds twenty hours. You have been asleep for forty hours. That’s the correct answer as a….”
“Fine!” I rolled my eyes and stared with a sour frown to him, stomping my naked foot, holding my sandals. “Why didn’t you wake me, thirty-nine hours and thirty minutes ago?”
He smirked with a nod. “It was technically a full day and a half which would be thirty hours. You were banged up pretty bad, milady. You needed rest. These were direct orders from King Rex. I, also, recommend no exercise for your sore muscles for four days.”
I slammed the door frame with my healed hand using my Tele slap and my hand slightly bent the metal frame, saying with a sweet smile and a nod. “Thanks for taking care of me!” This situation was not his fault, sleeping for almost two days and being stabbed with a needle full of tranquilizer. I had an inkling that someone was behind that royal order which was not Rex.
The med tech was a lucky male that I was in a very forgiving mood today. Anyways, I had an appointment to keep with some really bad guys on the other side of the Wall.
He said with a smile and a nod to Starra. “You’re very welcome, Lady Starra. It was a pleasure caring for you. You’re a very fine lady. By the way, King Rex gave me a personal message for you. The noble meeting is scheduled for three in the afternoon, today. So you’re discharged from my care.”
I swung around and jogged back home, performing a Tele dash with my telekinesis.
On the 12th hour (early afternoon) inside my castle in the living room, I entered the open front door and halted.
My castle stood intact from the bad maser raiding party on the planet, but my living room had a good time with someone evil. The space was a mess with overturned furniture, mashed glass, broken metal parts, and blood stains (not mine) on the floor from my mysterious attackers, three days ago.
I shook my curls, walking around the mess and pondering that I did not own any valuables.
My mental light bulb brightened and realized a familiar pattern of destruction at Rosa’s mansion on planet Bonita too.
I ran through the dining room, in the kitchen, and then slammed open the garage door, racing to the air ship, throwing my body over the open convertible to the back seat. I savagely searched and scratched with ten ratty fingernails underneath the carpet.
It was there too, ya’ll.
My cherry red colored leather bag contained the two golden colored bracelets, which had answered one of mysteries, but I was still looking and pondering that person, who was annoying the new universe. However, I had a very good clue to that question, but I needed more hard core evidence proof. I sighed with determination.
I backward leaped (not easy) and swung to the archway, running through the house and up the stairs, preparing for an upcoming noble meeting at the third hour, early afternoon.
I stopped, and stared at the hallway mirror, gasping in my shock. The mirror was not busted, but my nose was.
“Stang!” I stared at my ugly bloody and beaten person, compliments of Dirk.
My gray curly shoulder-length hair was matted with red blood, brown mud, and sticky sweat. My face displayed patches of dried red blood, smeared white ointment, and a few pink healing lesions, which came from the fiery sparks of my blade incident with Dirk.
However, I won that match, babe.
My nose was broken with my tip tilting slightly sideway, making my nose itch, producing a light sneeze with a soft ahew.
 My gown was sliced above my kneecaps in dull gray, not the previous elegant white color, decorating with geometric patterns of red blood stains, green grass imprints, and white lent dust bunnies from the floor as I played the dodge ball with Lord Creep. I sighed with endeavor.
“The old girl can be fixed,” I said with a new nasal alto.
I exhaled, inhaled, and touched my swollen nostrils, holding my breath, closing my eyelashes.
Pain sometimes hurt a lot less when both the eyelashes were closed.
Using my T-power of telemetabolics, I gently eased my broken cartridge back in place with a Tele press, a Tele pull, and finally a Tele pop. I sighed with good job.
Then I released my nose and wiggled it side to side, seeing my original nose was fixed back in place as I sounded with a gurgle instead of a giggle.
“The old girl needs a healing nap, a hot bath, and an old sword to kill Dirk, all in that order,” I swung around to my bedroom, sounding with a gurgle again, stomping with a huff of determination for my first task.
On the 13th hour (mid-afternoon) inside my private sleeping chamber, I showered in hot water and peed in the toilet and finally changed my clothes to a freshly laundered black turtleneck which covered some of my healing pink scabs on my throat. I completed my old outfit with my black skirt, no tights over my legs, and my new twelve-inched high black snake skinned cowgirl boots, looking cute.
I looked at the open closet, seeing my old wardrobe, admiring the beautiful colorful gowns from Rosa. There would be no more dances with gentlemanly Bartholomew and no more clothes from Rosa.
War had come to the universe. I sighed with depression.
On the 14th hour (late afternoon) in King Rex’s castle, inside the enclosed and cramped noble meeting room with cool temperatures with bright sunshine, I perched on the edge of my padded chair, watching a noble or a new designated noble representative pick at their food plate too.
Morale was low and the emotions were heavy which were tickling and teasing my Tele powers into sadness.
So, I pulled them closer to my heart and crossed the heart valves, shutting out dreadism, defeatism, and Dirkism.
The alive and breathing nobles present in the noble committee meeting included Ivan, Zak for absent Bartholomew, Rex, Rita, and Lad. Tok came from planet Resort, who permanently replaced his dead father Marquis Roy.
Roy was one of million citizens killed on the Festival Day ram ship bombing party which was hosted at the stadium.
I listened to the gossip going around the table, missing a lot of action, information, and fighting, while sleeping inside my hospital bed, two days ago.
A short and bald elderly man was missing his purple crown and matching cape. Rex turned to with a nod to see Tok, “Tok, thank you for representing your father here, today. He will be greatly missed. Marquis Roy and Dee, Tok’s parents were two of the one million citizens killed on the Festival Day ram ship bombing party at the stadium. The same four mysterious ram ships have completely devastated planet Uni, the universal school. All the students, including children from the age of four to the teenagers at sixteen years old, have all been killed with a second murderous maser raid. Every adult, teacher, and child, who had lived, played, and studied on Uni, is dead. Planet Bio is the medical facility, emergency center, and central hospital for the universe and has been the third attacked target by the four ram ships which has totally destroyed the world. No life form can survive a fiery red maser bombardment from four deadly ram ships. Lad, please tell us what happened?”
Lad was a short blond haired and peachy tinted male, wearing a silver tinted shirt, a pair of matching long trousers looked down at his hands and looked up to each noble, saying with a heavy heart. “Tech World wasn’t immune either from the maser blasting, simply because I had never planned on a space attack from a surprise visitor at my home world. Therefore, no Tech staff member could locate the life-saving planetary shield button. It was designed to protect the entire planet, including bots, factories, and citizens as a dial on the mainframe instrumentation panel blinked in red words, emergency. Currently, two thirds of the bots, machines, factories, warehouses, building, houses, and citizens are gone with the multiple maser blasts.”
Rex exhaled with a huff of worry and a nod to Lad. “Ladies and nobles, I regret calling this meeting today, but we need to form a battle strategy, before our next attack…”
“There’s another attack coming. When and by whom? Where at? What planet?” Lad shouted with his nervousness.
A tall and plump male was wearing a yellow colored tunic and trousers. Ivan cleared his throat, shaking both his baldness and his fat cheekbones. “We don’t know the answers to those questions yet. But, at the moment, we have enemies,” he drunk the beverage.
Rex jabbed a finger on the table. “Ivan has compiled a list of building sites for evacuation centers, medical hospitals, food shelters, and temporary schools which will be located only on Commerce and Agri. Tech World is off limits for every citizen of the universe but the security bots, now. Since the noble or noblette representatives of Sahara and Ice are not present, we will treat them, as suspects, in the mysterious bombing from the ancient military style ram ship….”
“Hold on, Rex!” Very tall, athletic built with a shoulder length brown colored hair and a tint of pale colored skin, Tok raised his palm, shaking his skull. “What gives you the right to accuse Rann of any misdeed?”
Rex cut his eyelids to Starra.
I cut my eyelashes to see the wall corner, looking for that creepy cockroach.
Rex said. “I have additional information that I cannot share at the moment about Rann.” He turned with a sour frown to see Tok. I sighed with shock.
I supplied the rat-tattled information about the captured Baron, the fight with Dirk, making Rex nervous and me, more nervous.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
The Militia honor guard slammed the door as the door hung from the squeak hinges, panting with a surprise. “Sire, please excuse my interruption. There’s an urgent space comfone message addressed to you, from Rann.” All the eyeballs turned to see the black comlen on the east wall as all lips mumbled.
Rex ordered “Transmit it immediately to the comlen in this meeting room.” The guard nodded and dashed out the door, stomping loudly his boot soles down the empty hallway.
And then the comlen blinked to life.
Happy faced and dashing black haired and dark skinned Rann sat in his own golden colored chair, saying in sexy baritone. “Good afternoon, nobles and noblettes. I have excellent news for you. Baron Bartholomew is with me. He is in good health and safe from the bombing raid attack on Commerce. The attacks were targeted at Commerce, Uni, and Bio also. I, along with my fellow nobles from Ice, Resort, and Militia, have decided to set up a non-fly zone policy immediately. No one is allowed to fly through the Wall and emerge on the other side of this galaxy without this action being deemed a declaration state of war to the occupying space craft or occupying planet it represents. Please follow my new policy without question! And then there will be no misunderstandings.” All eardrums heard the grunts of the nobles.
Rann smiled with a nod. “The second item on my agenda is my guest, Baron Bartholomew. He has requested to return home to Agri. You can understand my concerns about the intragalactic space travel and saving our natural resources. I will allow one diplomatic star ship, carrying no more than four passengers to shuttle through the Wall and visit my home world of Sahara and this shall happen on tomorrow at the tenth hour, late morning. I look forward to your visit and hope you have a safe and comfortable flight. Rann out!” Static rows of silver and white invaded the screen. I sighed with concern.
“Rann’s the bomber.” Rita dropped her mouth, saying in her shock.
Tok stood and as, his chair slammed the painted wall. All eyeballs turned to him. He said, bowing at his neck to the king. “Please excuse me, Rex. I’m leaving immediately based on Rann’s new no fly zone policy and returning back home to my planet Resort. I’m sorry, nobles and noblettes. My family needs me. If you require anything, Rex, please contact me by intergalactic space comfone.” Tok left the room. All the eardrums heard the nobles mutter again.
“Stang! Rann’s not the enemy. It’s not a person. It’s the Sickness. It has returned to kill us.” Lad shook one of the thousands of dropped pamphlets from the ram ship belly.
“The Sickness? People are infected with the Sickness. They’re killing us. They’re crazy.” Zak shook both skull and his good arm.
Rex shouted over the whining nobles and tried to calm their fears and their frights. “Everyone calm down. I’ll deal with only one crisis at a time. First, there is no proof the Sickness has re-emerged. Second, I need volunteers to retrieve Bartholomew from Sahara. Third, I want everyone to remain calm and concentrate on the restoration of the universe, before the maser bombing left us scared and frightened. We have lots of resources. Who wants to…?”
“Not me.” Lad shook the paper again.
“No working limb,” Zak fingered his arm.
“No fly zone,” Ivan said.
“No time,” Rita shook her curls.
Rex yelled and jabbed a finger at each noble. “General Ivan, Baronet Zak, and Lady Starra, you will accompany my daughter and represent the diplomatic party tomorrow on planet Sahara at the tenth hour, early morning. Dismissed!” He stood and left the room with Ivan and Rita.
Lad and Zak stood together and softly muttered nasty comments about Rex.
I sat and stared at the black colored comlen with fear, fright, and flight.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Alien Day 13


13th hour (early afternoon)
The Wall
Cold and black outer space with minus 1000°F
Bright stars of white and colored planets


“Carrier ship, identify yourself! Before I blast you back through the wormhole of Bonita.” Both an invisible ship and the voice of the invisible pilot warned via the comfone, and they both hovered on the other side of Wall, out of eyeball sight of the carrier ship.
Rita said into the comfone and sat behind the copilot seat. “This is King Rex’s official diplomatic party from the planet of Commerce. We are requesting permission to enter through the Wall and then emerge safely on the other side, without incident, collecting our citizen Baron Bartholomew.”
I sat in the rear bench of the third row in a modified carrier ship, listening to the threat, tapping my shoes on the floor.
Pbot flew the ship and sat with copilot Zak, who was not doing anything.
“Permission is granted for the diplomatic party to enter the Wall. You will be closely monitored to planet Sahara. Please keep your light speed steady and your distance short,” the invisible pilot said via the comlen.
The Commerce carrier ship waited and entered through a mechanical opening in the Wall and as, the entire eyeballs of the diplomatic party saw that each zipper was armed and pointed three maser cannons at our ship.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Within outer space, Dirk’s shiny silver tinted carrier ship was escorted in outer space by the six zippers with eighteen maser cannons pointed at each side, rear, and front. Yeah, they all counted.
The number six times the number three equals eighteen. I thought you might want to know that.
The carrier ship landed near the entrance doors of the prison castle as I slid last out the hatchway and walked last in vertical line behind Rita.
Ivan led Zak.


Planet Sahara
Castle property of Prince Rann
Entrance door setting
Sunny with sizzling temperatures and harsh winds


I stomped through the orange sand and dragged some soil through the entrance doors for fun, looking and admiring at a new part of the magnificent mansion during the daylight hours. Tons of glittery gold sorta sharpened pointy nuggets and sparkling diamond kinda sharpened pointed shaped stones protruded down from the tall ceilings, over the high walls, and not on the flat floor that would be really mean and ugly even for nasty Rann.
The honor guard unit of six citizens surrounded the friendly and nervous diplomatic party, wearing an arsenal of small, medium, and large golden daggers plus one maser. The deadly weapons dangled on a gold colored vest over a naked male muscular chest or a semi-naked woman chest that matched their gold colored trousers and was tied with a long red colored satin sash.
I entered last through the square shaped archway which glittered in more gold and diamonds pointy stones, and which was guarded by two sets of honor guards, who wore the same honor guard uniform.
The throne room was square shaped with two side walls of very shiny smooth pretty bleachers of golden colors too. Each seat was occupied by a prisoner also. I sighed with stupid.
My honor guard on the left side was one of the four armed men at Jubilation Day, who had escorted the long haired prisoner from planet Commerce to planet Sahara for breaking a law and illegally raising an animal.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Rann had amassed an army of real golden colored warriors, the current inmates to defend his home planet and the remaining planets on his side of Wall. I wondered if someone had suggested to Rann that it was a very bad idea to use convicted felons as soldiers, since they had already done something very bad and landed inside a prison cell. I sighed with fear.
The diplomatic party marched in a steady paced archway, and halted.
I looked around the interior design of the massive built-in auditorium space holding a mini-throne theater.
Rann regally sat upon his golden throne without Princess Viv. I sighed with curiosity.
The gold nuggets, protruding from the walls, were also decorated with lots of dead animal parts, such as, heads, horns, front legs, and whole bodies of fish as the collected trophies of Rann’s numerous expeditions on planets Ice, Resort, and Agri. He was a fine marksman and excellent shooter with spears, swords, crossbows, and the illegal maser weapons per Rosa and her gossiping lips during the shared dinner meals last week.
Rann appeared kinda uncomfortable with his body propped upon a mineral chair in solid golden which was embossed with pawed shaped legs and a dead lion skull and mane. His skull, not the lion, hung above Rann minus a crown, not the lion.
Keep up, ya’ll.
Okay, everyone was both uneasy and unhappy in the throne room as the war was causing enough tension around the galaxy. So we did not need it here too. This was a simple diplomatic visit to extract Bartholomew and leave in peace.
I hoped and prayed. I sighed with worry.
Rita gracefully curtseyed down to floor in her purple pretty picnic dress, smiling with a grin to Rann. “Gracious Prince Rann, we have traveled from Commerce, the home of King Rex for a visit and mutual exchange of both friendship and goodwill. I, Queen Rita, respectfully request the release of our citizen Baron Bartholomew from your humble custody. Please review my earnest plead and acknowledge my appeal. I honor your wonderful sense of humanity and compassion for the citizens of King Rex on our side of the wall within our solar sun system in our universe.”
Well done, Rita!
I was respectfully stunned in my neurons that Rita could talk so elegantly eloquent and so smoothly suave all at the same time.
Rita gestured with her glove hand to Ivan.
Ivan showed off, too, snapping his two plump fingers as the other forty finger pads gently dropped three bright purple colored boxes at the booted foot of Rann. Then the other twenty finger pads opened the first box, holding large pieces of fresh meats both dark and light colors of beef, chicken, goose, and lamb. The second box contained an assorted of colored full to the rim fruits and vegetables. The last box displayed jillions of granules of flour, salt, spices, and sugar.
My nose holes smelled the sweet, tart, and bitter flavors, floating and attacking my sinuses with love.
Rann sneezed with an ahew and covered his mouth. I giggled. He slowly rose like a true prince of the universe, smiling with a nod to Rita. “I am very pleased with your presentation and gifts from King Rex and Commerce, Queen Rita. I will honor your plead based on my good nature and sense of loyalty to my Sahara family. But, first, you must prove yourself worthy of receiving the good Baron Bartholomew.”
I stomped my boot in fury.
Rann had lost his mental mind or was playing a dangerous game, which involved Bartholomew or worse me. I was not amused, folding my sleeves over my breasts, staring at Rann.
“Worthy great Prince Rann, please elaborate to us.” Rita bowed at her waist, not showing her face, and curtsied again.
Rann tilted his skull and said with a sly smirk. “I have prepared a small test of worth that you must pass, before I grant BA and your diplomatic party a safe passage back to my wall in my solar sun system, in my universe. I hope this does not displease you, Rita. It is only a small gesture of trust between our two great galaxies.”
The prisoners, sitting around the throne room like royal subjects, gasped in shock.
“If I may confer with my diplomatic members for a moment, Prince Rann?” Rita said as Rann nodded. She stood and pirouetted to the party. The royal diplomatic party members formed a loose huddle for the next offensive play. Rita said with an ugly lady sneer. “We have no choice. One of us must accept and pass this small test of trust from Rann. Does everyone concur?”
“Yes.” Ivan said.
“I concur, but I don’t like it.” Zak nodded.
“Starra, what’s your opinion?” Rita turned to see the nose profile of Starra.
“Accept it,” I said with a lady growl and stared at Rann.
Rita glided backward in her sandals and her dress and faced Rann, smiling with a nod. “We accept your test, Rann.”
“Very good!” Rann clapped, rubbing both his hands with a nod. Out of the wall corner, all eardrums heard the violent erupts of loud noises and all nose holes smelled a strong odor.
It appeared and was escorted by a red haired bearded man from the last Jubilation Day event, and the man wore the same outfit which was a floor length white robe, a pair of sandaled feet, dragging a long leash with a big overgrown orange colored animal that snorted green snot from both nostrils and grunted in yellow colored mouth spit from a pair of ugly black colored lips.
I gasped, gagged, and fingered the thing, saying in full frightful fear. “What is that?”
Ivan said with a growl. “The animal is a Kongo, the illegal animal that was supposed to have been destroyed by my honor guard.”
Zak cursed. Rita gasped.
“I guess your honor guard missed it.” I said with a moan.
Rann watched with a wicked grin as the Kongo limped across the room to the middle part of the auditorium. “My test of trust involves one of your citizens killing the Kongo, which will be worthy of your goodwill here at my palace on planet Sahara.”
The prisoners went crazy with wild cheers, claps, and whistles, not foot stomping. They were barefooted, sitting in their assigned seats in the throne room.
Okay! So, Rann was somewhat smart.
Kongo sounded with a growl. I sighed with anger.
“I don’t like this.” I said with a lady sneer and stared at the Kongo.
Rita swung an angry face to Starra and said with a lady snarl. “I don’t like this either, but we have no other alternative. One of us has to pass this test and kill the animal. Who’s going to do it?”
I exhaled with a puff of frustration, looking to each one of my fellow diplomatic members for the best physical specimen to defeat the tall strong Kongo.
Ivan had received the highest degree of military training among the soft group, but he was out of shape being both too fat and too slow for a dangerous Kongo.
So I eliminated him.
Zak displayed a painfully broken arm from not escaping the ram ship maser bombing yesterday.
So, I eliminated Zak.
Rita was in good physical shape. However, she was not trained to dodge, leap, and jump over the shortest row of pretty purple picnic flowers in the royal garden, wearing her matching purple picnic dress.
So, I eliminate Rita. I sighed with disappointment.
I looked down to the floor and stomped the invisible roaches with both boot heels. “Stang!”
The prisoners gasped.
I swung my curls in that general direction.
Bartholomew stumbled from the other wall corner in the direction of the diplomatic party and fell half way to his knees as Zak ran and caught Bartholomew before a face collision with the golden colored hard floor. They limped to the diplomatic party.
Bartholomew exhibited a red colored bloody cut over one eyebrow and a few blue colored arm bruises showed in-between his torn shirt sleeve.
I gently touched his naked arm with my hand and performed a Tele scan on his body and his medical condition, using my T-touch of telemetabolics. He was in pretty good health, a little exhausted and dehydrated from the lack of both water and food but alive and well. I swung and sounded with a lady growl to Rann. I sighed with revenge.
Rann sat, smiling and staring at the diplomatic party.
I did not know what mental sick game Rann was played, but I had become a part of it. Rann was going to be very sorry that he had invited me to participate. And no one had commented about the medical condition of Bartholomew or the pending challenge of the Kongo.
They were stunned into shock and silence. I sighed with doom.
I back stepped from the diplomatic group, saying with a lady snarl. “I accept Rann’s challenge.”
Bartholomew grabbed Starra by the arm, whispering into her face. “No, Starra, too dangerous for you! The animal is too big for you or any of us to defeat.” He released her arm and grabbed his ribcage. “Rann wants something. We need to negotiate with him for a few more minutes and give it up.”
“What does he want, Bartholomew?” Ivan asked with a sour frown to Bartholomew.
“I know.” Rita danced side to side and bumped into Starra, slapping her chest and saying with a smile. “He wants me. He wants me to stay on Sahara and be his wife, voluntarily, of course.”
Bartholomew said with a sour frown to Rita. “How do you know this, Rita?” He paused for his pain and said with a grunt. “Rann has never hinted about you becoming his wife. He is already married to his Princess Viv.”
Rita smiled with a nod. “Viv’s dead. She died in the raids on Commerce.”
“I see.” Bartholomew said. “Then proceed with your assumption, but be prepared for a surprise.”
Ivan grabbed Rita by the forearm, whispering to her face with a worried brow. “Queen Rita, you cannot do this. Your father will be very upset and hurt, if we return to Commerce without you.”
Rita said with a smile and a nod. “I have made up my mind. I’ll sacrifice myself for all of you, my father, and the kingdom.” She swung around and waddled in her long gown to Rann, smiling with a nod.
Rita’s practiced “save the universe” speech was breaking my bleeding heart. This was a set up not for Rita, but for someone else. And I was intrigued that Rann had chosen kidnapped Bartholomew to lure Rita here to planet Sahara.
No way, ya’ll!
Rita, Rann, and Dirk were planning something gigantic and terrible together that was going to affect the entire universe and I was going to find it. I sighed with spyness.
Yeah, spyness is word, ya’ll.
Rita halted, and spread her dress over the dirty floor again, smiling with a nod. “Gracious Prince Rann, I have discussed many options with my diplomatic comrades. We have elected a proposal for you. I, Rita, offer my hand in marriage to you, Prince Rann in exchange for Baron Bartholomew’s life.”
Rann stood from the throne chair, extending his naked hand to Rita. “I accept the beautiful and elegant Rita, as my wife, in exchange for the life of B.A. You, my dear, can stand beside me now.” He patted his leg.
The prisoners went crazy on cue with wild cheers and claps.
Rita smiled and stood, swinging to the prisoners, waving her arm, walking sideways to Rann. She tripped over the elevated platform as Rann caught her arm and kissed her gloved hand. I sighed with revulsion.
I leaned into the eardrum of Zak, whispering with a lady sneer. “She seems tore up about leaving her father for the rest of her life.”
“The tears are flooding the floor.” Zak whispered back to Starra, staring at both Rita and Rann.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Rann wanted something else and it was not the beautiful Queen Rita, since she had plotted this part of the game herself, because Rann was about to checkmate.
He sat and patted the empty throne chair as Rita moved to the chair and sat. He patted her arm and stared at the diplomatic party, saying with a grin. “I like this proposal, but we have the matter of the test for trust.”
Ivan shook both bald skull and fat cheekbones. “Queen Rita has offered herself, as your wife. Is this not a good measure of trust, between you and King Rex? What more do you require of us? We’re a simple band of nobles, visiting your palace. Please accept all of our gifts and let us be on our way with our intact diplomatic party.”
Rann said. “I didn’t ask for gifts, wives, or pleads, Ivan. I asked for a test. Who is going to kill the Kongo for me? I can supply a weapon or any other instrument of destruction that you might need. You must perform this simple test to gain your freedom from my Sahara and the safe trip back through my wall.” He held Rita’s hand.
This was a silly play game to Rann, not to me. Bartholomew needed immediate serious medical treatment, not for me. And I had enough of this amusement park fun, and as my irrational emotions overcame my logical behavior. I sighed with fight.
I stomped three paces from the huddle, shouting with a lady sneer to Rann. “I accept your test.”
Bartholomew limped to Starra in his weaken state, gently touching her forearm, and whispered to her face. “Starra, you can’t. You’ll be destroyed by the Kongo. They’re fierce and strong animals. The beast will rip you apart piece by piece.” He removed his hand and grabbed his injured ribs. Starra steadied Bartholomew upright with both her arms. Bartholomew meekly whispered. “I’ll not allow you to fight the beast.” He paused for pain, holding his ribs, whispering to her face. “I’ll kill the Kongo. Ask Rann for a maser? I’ll do the dirty deed.” Starra jerked her arm away from Bartholomew with a sneer as Zak caught Bartholomew into his chest.
Ivan stomped between Starra and Zak.
I looked to each worried brow of the diplomatic party, mouth spitting in angry. “I will not allow this beast to be killed just for Rann’s entertainment. She’s a living and breathing animal. She deserves better. The beast deserves a chance of life and freedom. I’m going to tame it.”
Ivan chuckled with meanness. “Tame it, my dear. You mean kill it. No one can tame, a Kongo.”
I said with a smile and a nod. “I will be the first, watch and learn, general.” I pirouetted, strolled from the huddle, and halted in front of Rann, saying with a Tele kick for all eardrums. “I accept the test, Prince Rann.” And I ignored any recognition of Rita, because she did not deserve my attention or my respect.
Rann said with a nod and a smile to Starra, releasing Rita’s hand. He slightly bowed his skull to her. “Lady Starra, I’m not surprised that you volunteered to fight the beast. You seem to carry good luck with you at all times. I wish you swift victory.” He clapped to begin the battle. I sighed with eagerness.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I totally sucked up all my Tele energy that I could find surrounding my body and reinforcing my Tele shield to the ultimate maximum.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
“I know that.” I whispered and performed a Tele view with my teleclairvoyance, seeing that the Kongo would attack me with all her strength first. So, my new strategy was to weaken the beast and communicate with it, making my peace. I sighed with grit.
The eight-foot tall orange colored Kongo swiftly attacked on its running feet.
I performed a Tele leap sideways from the Kongo and elegantly danced, without a partner in the air waves.
However, the Kongo followed after Starra.
I executed a Tele turn to the wall, climbing sideways in my cowgirl boots and performed a Tele flip backward into a twirling elegant somersault, soaring in the air, and completed a Tele jump over its head, performing a Tele land on my bent kneecaps.
The floor violently shook with heavy weight as Kongo missed Starra and kissed the wall with her skull sounding with a bang. She slowly sunk her hairy fanny on the polished tile and held her ugly hairy head in pain. She rocks side to side in frustration and pain, back and forth. I sighed with sorrowness.
“Stang!” I whispered, seeing the fallen Kongo, knowing that maneuver hurt the animal. My plan was to weaken her and communicate with her, making peace, not war. I kneecapped in silence on the floor, eagerly watching Kongo for the next action play.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I breathed in a pant too, expensing my scare-to-death energy and as, my first physical activity of Tele movements had exhausted me too, before I could drain her unlimited animal strength.
Kongo sat on her rear, clearing the dizzy pain from her ugly head for three full minutes. Yeah, I had counted by the Mississippi method. Then Kongo slowly rose, shaking her shaggy orange mane and viewed her furry skull at Starra. She charged in a full fury of invisible steam, snorting like a wild animal and growling like an angry wild animal too.
I crouched for protection, whispering to my eardrums only. “Here, we go, again.”
Using my T-probe with telepathy, I created a Tele message and invaded her mind through my invisible mind waves. Yeah, I could do that, ya’ll. And I gently tapped her simple animal mind.
Kongo aimed for the kneecaps on Starra.
And my Tele probe sensed that the Kongo was aiming for my kneecaps. So I bent my knees and back flipped in the air three times heading to the opposite wall.
See my plan, ya’ll!
I created a bigger gap between her speeding out of control motion and moving my fanny in opposite direction of her massive tall body frame, for safety.
Kongo ran faster with her strong furry limbs, trying to catch Starra and dove at the jumping ankles of Starra.
The legs were not there.
I executed a Tele hold, spreading out my arms and my legs in a mid-air pose, using my T-power of telekinesis and performed a Tele drop down to the floor, twisting into a cartwheel, avoiding her muscular long arms.
Her body glided over the slick floor of golden nuggets, hitting the bleachers which was filled with shouting prisoners as her fuzzy shaggy forehead plowed into three of prisoners also, making a set of a boom, a crack, and a moan. Kongo passed out, again.
I kneecapped in silent, sucking all the oxygen from the room to my aching lungs.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
My brilliant plan was working, but it was wearing me out, as well. So I needed a quick-draw communicate blub with Kongo, soonest. Or I would be the next mammal lying on floor, both unconscious and at the mercy of one anger Kongo.
Kongo slowly rose and stood, whimpering in soft animal grunt, viewing the prisoners, then the tall ceiling, and finally Starra, and acted both subdued and timid.
“Stang!” I whispered as my plan was working. Kongo wanted to give up. I stand and stared at her pretty pink eyeballs.
I connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to Kongo: Quit. Stop. Halt. Pain. Home.
I hoped one of my Tele words was affecting her simple brain cells.
Kongo wobbled side to side, walking to Starra and as, her head, legs, and arms all hurt.
I connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to Kongo: Pain. Stop. Home.
Kongo connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to Starra: Home.
I smiled and nodded, moving to Kongo.
She stopped in place, dropping her arms down to her kneecaps for a fair surrender as the white robed red bearded mystery man stood and shot a deadly yellow beam from the opposite side of auditorium at the unarmed animal, striking precisely in her chest cavity.
Kongo cried in agonizing pain, dropping to the floor on her knees.
“Stang!” I swung around, seeing the mystery man and turned back to see Kongo as I felt, tasted, and saw the yellow burning and gooey bloody wound on her chest, using my T-power of telemetabolics. I sighed with fury.
Now, I understood in both my mind and my tummy, too late, that the mystery man was going to finish task for me. I swung around, sounding with a lady sneer to Rann. He sat comfortably in his throne chair, grinning and entertainingly watched the tense action play like the sporting game. I flung my arms, using a Tele kick of telepathy in my yell to the mystery man. “Halt.”
The mystery man slowly lifted his arm parallel to the floor, holding with a steady aim the raised maser, targeting the fallen and bleeding Kongo.
My eyeballs communicated to my neurons that he was going to shoot for a second time at the defenseless animal in cold blood murdered as no other person was going to help the Kongo.
No other person was going to stop him but Starra.
Using my T-power of telekinesis, I performed a Tele dash, speeding from the far wall, trying to stop a deadly yellow wave, but I could not reach the mystery man, in time. Too far! Too slow! Too late! I could not reach both the weapon and the man, in time, so I must display my Tele power. Or the beast would die.
I was taking a high social risk, performing my Tele trick in front of a live audience of prisoners and Rann, as well as, Bartholomew, since I was the alien in this fairy tale. And if I clearly understood Rosa’s big fat warning of my talent, these good citizens here did not an ounce of Tele ability. Second, they had never seen any one person or anything display of a Telekinesis trait either. Well, ya’ll, there was the first time for everything.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
“I know that.” I said with a lady growl to my subconscious mind, and as my neat magic trick was going to be a shock to a lot of people, but I would not allow the Kongo to die.
Not right, ya’ll.
A lot of things were not right in this universe that I did not like and I could not change, but killing an innocent animal, I was not going to let that happen in front of my eyelashes. The mystery man did not heed my verbal warning, either. I felt very sorry for him in the next few seconds. He aimed his maser muzzle precisely at the wounded animal ready to blast her chest cavity, twice. I sighed with outrage.
I stretched my arm, my hand, and my non-wiggling five finger pads from my shoulder socket to full length, during my Tele dash in the direction of the armed madman and executed a Tele whip quicker than a lightning bolt, retrieving his maser from his cupped hand. The maser swiftly flew to my hand and as I safely tucked it underneath my armpit, hiding the illegal weapon from the peeking and unsuspecting assembly of prisoners. I sighed with grit. The mystery man gasped from my magic trick as he was not sharp enough to understand what had just happened to him or his weapon. I continued a Tele dash to him and plowed my right fighting fist in his ugly pale face, knocking him unconscious. He silently crumpled to the floor.
Dead men told no tales, as they said on planet Earth.
So, I modified it slightly here with a new saying for the new universe. “Unconscious men tell no secrets.” I smiled with a giggle, standing over his unconscious body between my black and pink cowgirl boots. I flung one arm, using a Tele kick of telepathy in my yell to the mystery man. “Shoot me, again, fool!” The prisoners went crazy with wild clapping, hooting, dancing, stomping, and cheering in the bleachers, making the noise volume deafening to all eardrums.
I smiled, thinking about waving my hand back and forth like a royal princess, but I axed the silly teenly idea, still straddling the idiot, who had tried to defy the first noblette of Bonita Lady Starra. I sighed with gratification.
A pair of strong biceps jerked Starra off the idiot and as I stumbled to empty space and into the chest on the tall and muscular ugly Sahara honor guard. The four honor guards and Starra swung around to face the throne chair and moved ahead as one being towards Rann. The guard cuffed both of my wrists tightly behind my back muscles, creating an intense piercing pain, starting from my wrist going up to top of my collar bone and stole the maser from my armpit. I giggled with the slight tickle touch of his warm finger pads in my tender spots from a male, yeah. I sighed with funny and fury.
I greatly desired to fight back and kick his butt-hole, but I had saved the Kongo and tamed the beast for her safety.
The guard shoved Starra to Rann, twisting both her arms for his fun and her fear.
I grinded my teeth with the pretend gravel and grit, accepting my minor pain and my major win. I sighed with satisfaction.
“Release her, now!” Bartholomew meekly whispered, limping on one good leg and one bad leg to her rescue for a third time, this week.
I turned a smile and an awe to see Bartholomew, returning back with a sour frown and a lady growl to Rann. My boyfriend and I slowly limped to the center in front of the throne stage, well, more sideways of Rann’s throne chair. Rann stood and sidestepped in front of us as I giggled with his funny princely move. I snapped back to fury mode.
I connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to Rann: I win again, buddy.
Rann dropped open his mouth, tilting his chin towards Starra and looked to the side with a nod at the honor guard as the honor guard released Starra, moving away from the female.
Bartholomew held his injured rib cage with a right hand and my left hand with his other hand, exhaling with a huff of pain.
I held his hand and as I executed a Tele touch of telemetabolics into his injured body, easing some of his painful blooding wounds and re-circulated the blood flow down to his fingers pads.
Rann stared at the Kongo and ignored Starra, saying with a sour frown and a sneer. “The animal is not dead.”
I released the hand of Bartholomew, stomping my boot for attention, saying with a lady sneer. “The animal is maimed, hurt, and tamed. I have tamed her. And I will take her with me to Commerce. Do you object, Prince Rann? Or is there another test for me to perform for you?”
All the prisoners went crazy with wild hoots, whistles, shouts, and claps with her victory speech over Rann. He would not dare insult Starra or his loyal citizens without losing their respect of honesty and integrity, because they like her. I sighed with fellowship.
Rann looked up to see the prisoners and cut his eyeballs back to see Starra, saying with a smile and a nod in acceptance. “There is no other test for you to perform, Lady Starra. You demonstrated your loyalty to your king in a most efficient and competent manner. I will award you and your Kongo freedom from my hold…home.” He turned with a smirk to see Bartholomew. “Of course, I mean freedom for the entire diplomatic party which was sent by King Rex with a safe passage from my Sahara to my wall, in my galaxy. This day has been most entertaining for my loyal citizens and me. I hope, Lady Starra, we can meet again in the future. You have my permission to leave Sahara.” Rann flung both arms into the air for his evil something as all the prisoners went crazy with wild hoots, whistles, shouts, and claps, again.
“Stang, I hope not.” I whispered for my eardrums only, shaking my curls, cuddling Bartholomew into my chest.
Bartholomew stared with his pretend pointy ice icicles at Rann, saying with a sneer. “Let’s get out of here.” Bartholomew and I swing around like an old married couple to the door, moving and picking up the remaining diplomatic party, slowly moving to the door.
On the 15th hour (mid evening) inside a secret room with hot temperatures with bright sunshine, the group of prisoners muttered and exited in order back to their individual jail cells which were surrounded by the Sahara prison guards.
Rann, Dirk, and Rita moved to a side door, sliding down a dark hall to a private chamber away from the auditorium and the prisoners.
“Stang!” Rita shouted out loud and moved beside Dirk, holding his hand, saying with a confused frown. “Did you see that feat? The weapon flew straight across the room.” She moved into the room, sitting in the chair at the tall table.
Dirk scooted the chair from the table surface. “Minor trick, Rita, it is called levitation. I can command and cause thousands of masers to fly across the room.”
Rita leaned across the table, saying with an evil smirk to Dirk. “I’d love to see you perform that trick for me, Dirk.”
“Enough!” Rann moved ahead and stopped, standing between their individual chairs, looking to Dirk. “The back flips, the cart wheels, the speed running, the leaps, and the jumps, Starra had performed today. Are those neat tricks part of her Tele training administrated by Rosa or her true Tele talents?”
Dirk stared at Rita. “If I have to venture a guess, it is both. You cannot learn to back flip, without proper athletic instructions. But you must possess a special Tele talent or two coupled with your natural stamina to endure all the physical and mental exercises.” Dirk looked with a stern face to see Rann.
Rann nodded. “Can you execute the same moves and demonstrate them to others?”
Dirk nodded. “Of course, I can.”
Rann smiled. “Excellent, Dirk, I was hoping you’d say that.”
Rita tapped Dirk on the knuckles, saying with a grin and a giggle. “I was hoping to see you perform like a woof dog, Dirk…”
“Shut up, Rita.” Rann turned with a sneer to her.
Rita turned with a smile to see Rann. “What’s wrong, darling? Dirk can be your teacher. He’s very talented, so I hear.” She turned with a grin and a giggle to see Dirk.
Dirk stared at Rann. “You wanted her, didn’t you?”
Rann shook his skull, exhaling with a huff of disappointment. “Not just Starra, only, I need both of you. There’s too much work for one person.”
“I’m training them as fast as I can.” Dirk looked down to the table surface, feeling negative emotions from Rann’s frustration in the Tele work.
Rita tapped Dirk on the knuckles, saying with a grin. “How are the newborns coming, Dirk?”
Dirk looked up with a sour frown to Rann. “They’re confused at first but learning slowly. This project’s going to take time, Rann. I feel that I can perform all the work without the talented and beautiful Lady Starra. She’s dangerous. She’ll reveal everything. She cannot be trusted. She’s loyal to Rex. You can’t change her. She’s going to fight on the opposite side of us.”
Rann shook a skull. “I don’t believe that and not if she knew the true facts about what’s really happening here, then she was believe us too.”
Rita pulled her hands in her lap, saying with a nod to Rann. “There might be a slight tiny possibility that Starra believed you, Rann. But Bartholomew does not. You tried to convince him. Remember, Rann? He doesn’t want to listen to any one of us.”
Dirk said with a nod. “Your approach was incorrect. You should have never forced Baron Bartholomew coming here on Sahara. You have lost his trust and maybe the war for us, Rann. Baron is, now, your second number two enemy with Rex.”
Rann shook his skull. “I have not lost the war. I will have Starra. She hasn’t decided to commit to Rex, yet. She can help us. Back to work, both of you,” he swung to the door, leaving the room.
Rita bushed the table surface with her manicured coral painted fingernails. “Starra, if I hear her name one more time, I’m going to throw up.” She looked up with a sour frown to see Dirk. “What’s so special about Lady Starra?”
Dirk poured water in the glass from the pitcher in the center of the table, saying with a wicked smirk. “Be careful, Rita. Starra was trained by Rosa, who was the foremost expert on Tele training on either side of the Wall. Also you must understand that Rosa transferred all her Tele powers to Starra, before her death. Starra may not realize how powerful she can be, if cornered like a fox. I would think the exhibition today in the auditorium had proven that feat.”
Rita sounded with a lady snort. “It proved nothing, Dirk. She can make a weapon fly across the room. So what? I want to see real Tele stuff from Starra. I don’t believe she can do squat. She couldn’t handle the two men squad that I sent to invade her castle to find your so-called black diamond bracelets. She panicked and ran upstairs to her bedroom frightened like a silly little child.”
Dirk dropped open a mouth. “You sent the burglars. I wondered who had placed that order. That was a stupid mistake, Rita. We could’ve been discovered. I don’t think you realize that Starra had just received her Tele transference powers from Rosa. She was exhausted and drained from the intense and mental Tele ritual. But still, she managed to wound a man and knock the other male into unconsciousness. So you tell me again how weak she is? Then I battled her the next early afternoon at Festival Day on Commerce. And I admit that’s a magnificent feat to defeat me,” he smiled with a nod.
Rita played with his fingers, saying with a grin and a giggle to his frown. “Tell me the truth here, Dirk!” She paused for beauty. “Do you spend all your spare time spying on Lady Starra, studying her moves, noting her weaknesses? I noticed that you did not tow her along for the ride on the ship leaving Commerce on Festival Day, yesterday. By his command, Rann had ordered. What was stopping you, apprehension or fear or terror or more?”
Dirk said with a snort, turning to see the far wall heavy in his thoughts and turned a sour frown to Rita. “I don’t fear Starra. I hate Starra. You’re correct. I do study her. I note all her weaknesses because that’s the only way I can defeat her. There’s something different about Starra. It’s something that Rosa did not teach her, either. It’s something that Starra knows by pure instinct. I’ve never seen a more talented Tele who is living in our universe. I also have never met Starra until three weeks ago on Bonita,” he said with a sneer.
Rita parted her lips, “Dirk, what are you not saying to me?”
Dirk cocked his jaw to the side, staring into her blue eyes. “Have you ever heard of the catalyst, Rita?”


16th hour (early evening)
Planet Commerce
Castle proper of Lady Starra
Sunset with black clouds and no moon
Rainy, wet and windy


After landing the carrier ship minus Queen Rita on planet Commerce, General Ivan was summoned to see King Rex.
Baron Bartholomew was rushed to the new hospital which was located in the old Sahara mansion and he was accompanied by his brother-in-law Zak.
I went back home to my noblette castle, riding in the air ship which was piloted by Pbot. I sighed with gratitude.
I was very thankful for the happy turn of events. Baron was alive and well. My house was restored. And my irrational behavior was back in check, at least, for the moment.
Sbots had cleaned, repaired, and mended the interior rooms of my castle, compliments of Rex and had the replaced beautiful broken chartreuse furniture with a blend pale of shade of beige.
I owned a long sofa and a soft bed mattress.
The walls had both been repaired and painted in beige colors. The broken glass was gone, as well, as my friend Bot and his busted metal parts. I sighed with depression.
Inside my private chamber within the lavatory, the hot tap water flowed heavy down my aching muscles, relieving the pain in my heart. I finished both bathing and peeing. I changed to a loose fitting pink sundress.
I tossed a fitted sheet over the new mattress, dropping in softness. I closed my eyelashes, ravishing the silence of peace.
The front door bell chimed, like a fog horn, from my alien attack…naw…invader attack.
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance. “Geez, I gotta get that chime fixed.”
I rolled over, hitting the naked floor with my naked feet, slowly limping down each step and as, my body slowly adjusted to the aching muscles, coming from my encounter with the strong and big Kongo.
At the 17th hour (late evening) in front of the entrance door with colder temperatures with bright stars and moon light, I carefully opened the door with a pair of stiff biceps and stared at Mbot or a message robot.
Mbot droned. “Are you, Lady Starra?”
“Maybe…” I was not feeling formal or polite to man or machine, right now.
Mbot droned. “King Rex, the solo ruler of the universe and the commander of the Militia, has called an immediate noble meeting at seven in the evening. Supper will be served. Your attendance is required. No exceptions!”
I parted my lips, gathering the air current dangerously and saying with lady growl of fury. “You tell Rex to shove that sh…”
Mbot flew butt-hole-backwards from Starra from her archway and stopped three inches from the hovering air ship.
I was still so very impressed with that butt-hole-backwards flying maneuver done by the robots.
I slammed the front door and viewed the wall clock over the fake fireplace, which didn’t have a fire. The time read a tiny few minutes the seventh hour, early evening.
I hollered my flavored or favored word at the moment. “Stang!” I sighed with toil.
At the castle of King Rex in the new noble committee meeting, I flew the air ship, staring at the dreary castle in the dreary dark rain, where the maser waves had careened all exterior walls of the building, destroying the garden of pretty roses, tulips, daisies, tall green fern plants, shaded overgrown old trees, and funny animal shaped bushes.
Gone in an instant!
The burnt foliage still lingered in the air coming from the continuous burnt trash piles of garbage of damaged buildings, ships, furniture, bots, and bodies and burnt flesh too. The beautiful green and lush Commerce was not designed, as a shelter, to house thousands of homeless people, hundreds of hurt and abandoned animals, millions of cans of food, and hundreds of emergency personnel staff for the next few long periods of time, which could be weeks, months, and years. I sighed with destruction.
Ivan and his remaining loyal honor guard units, not the dirty defectors over the Wall and not killed in surprise maser raid gallantly performed all hours of the day and night, as serviceable police units for Rex and his surviving loyal citizens. They transported the citizens to and from the castles, home planets, and sometimes served, as the first contact of an emergency medical duty. They were assigned to manage the long term repairs of the destroyed mansion, and act as escorts for the food barges, which safely traveled to planets Commerce, Tech, and Agri. The small role of honor guard had grown from a babysitting service for nobles to a protection police service for the tanked economy and stunned citizens in the lonely one-sided universe of Rex’s kingdom.
Note: This galaxy had two sides, two solar suns and one alien.
The mood was somber, quiet, and low key in the noble meeting room.
My stomach was growling with emptiness. My showy tap dance with Kongo had left me both hungry and tired. Food always cheered my spirits up to the skyline, especially a piece of chocolate cake that Bartholomew remembered to bring with him during the past noble meeting. Yummy!
Bartholomew was here and appeared as dashing, smiling, and laughing coming from planet Agri, after visiting his sister Ivy and his business partners. Agri was untouched during the mysterious space raids that had destroyed the planets of Uni, Bio, the twin Militias, and parts of Tech World.
The enemy needed to eat, too.
I cuddled, as much as noblette possible, next to Bartholomew, listening to the whines, groans, and complaints of unhappy nobles. Rex, the solo ruler of the universe, what was left of it, entered the room. No one stood, bowed, or curtseyed to him. The noble social events had really changed, forevermore. I sighed with absenteeism.
He pulled the chair into the table, saying with sadness. “I apology, being tardy. I also want to express my concurrence with the diplomatic party for leaving my daughter with Rann. I realize that you had no other alternative for your safe return back to Commerce. Ivan, if you could continue, please.”
Ivan cleared his throat. “Of course, Your Highness, I have tallied the damage of men, machines, and property. There were no survivors on the worlds Uni or Bio. These planets are off limits to all citizens within King Rex’s universe. Agri, I’m happy to report sustained no damage. The shipments of food are running on restricted schedules to all planets, in each solar sun system, on both sides of the wall…”
“Is this wise, Rex?” Lad shook his skull. “Rann has proven to be our enemy. Are you going to supply him with food to feed his rebellious army, making them stronger for another attack and allow us to starve to death?”
Zak said. “There is a universal rule that dictates our current situation. Innocent people cannot be allowed to starve just because we didn’t like them.”
Rex said. “Rann’s paying for the food shipments. We may be at war, but we also have an economy to run. He’s paying premium currs for that food. This is the end of that discussion thread. Ivan will continue to the next topic.”
Ivan read the metal device. “You probably have noticed the lack of personal robots, personal air ships, and personal equipment from Tech World. The planet received a heavy volley of maser waves in the attack. It devastated 6,000 factories out of the 8,000 factories on the surface, killing 400,000 citizens, and disintegrating 15,000,000 units of robots, ships, and equipment. Therefore, nobles and commoners will not be issued any new robots, ships, or equipment. You must use what technology devises you possess and learn to repair them or contact Lad. He can assign a working tech crew…”
“When pigs fly…” Lad smirked.
Ivan cleared his throat. “The surviving relocated Tech personnel live on the Tech grounds, and will continue to be available with electronic, mechanical, and bot support, questions, and information about repairing your equipment used for day-to-day activity. The remaining Tech factories are occupied with armed kill-on-sight bots, and very little minimal citizen supervision to manufacture three distinct necessary products. The new products are war robots, war ships, and war weapons, specifically masers in the forms of rifles, pistols, and cannons. By King Rex’s decree, both nobles and commoners alike are being conscripted to form a new military within the existing universe.”
Lad smiled with a clap. “About time, where do I sign in?”
Ivan held the new mechanical devise. “A miniature hand-sized robot for each noble, compliments of Lad. This is called a mini-bot, being used in place of the old flying style personal robot.”
I cuddled my new toy, reading the information paragraph in green letters on the screen in silence.
A mini-bot is a squashed downed version of the original bot, composed of silver metal, without a round head and protruding pointy mechanical arms, fingers, and legs.
On planet Earth, a communications globe shaped-like sphere had a limited capability, using human input and output commands by voice or keypunching data.
Here, inside the new galaxy, bots or robots acted and reacted on its own with their masters, other bots, and other citizens.
The new gadget looked like one of my grandmother’s silver serving tray with a set of horizontal hollow handles on both sides of square shaped box. The middle was curved upward for viewing data or pictures on the tiny comlen. The design of the handles provided a good carry, grasp, grip, and hold with one hand.
The mini-bot could fly or hover with no hand and was very light weight in size surrounded with a set of colorful coded buttons, switches, knobs, and keys for communicating with citizens, places, and bots.
I pressed the view button, seeing a list of first names on the comlen and scrolling slowly down the screen. I searched for my personal name.
Ivan said. “Every man, woman, and child has been drafted in the Rex’s military. Women, with young child under the age of three years old, will perform the duties of nurse maids during working hours. The young adults, teenagers, and young children, over the age of three, will attend school for four hours per day, and then train the rest of the day as cadets in King Rex’s newly formed military.”
I could not find my name on the stupid little mini-bot and poked at the different colored buttons.
Bartholomew slammed his fist on the table surface, making the table rattle and shake.
I jerked my curls to the new excitement, smirking at his nose profile.
Bartholomew said with a sour frown. “Children!? Rex, you have enlisted the surviving children from Uni that were vacationing with their parents in your precious military. I do not understand that, this…”
Rex cleared his throat, looking to each angry faced noble. “Baron and my other distinguished nobles! I am the ruler, here. This is my planet, here. These are my citizens, here. They will do what I say and what I want, here. The need for the military is necessary for our survival of whoever is out there in the universe, trying to assassin us, now. The children will not be directly involved in any type of active warfare. I have decided to include them more for their protection than their harm. They will learn which military unit they serve, along with their parents’ unit, and what duties the young ones are required to perform to receive the precious food ration coupons. It is the most logical and efficient method of keeping our citizens and our side of the wall intact. Once upon a time, there were three million citizens, living peacefully on both sides of the Wall. Today, we calculate the new total universal population at two million inhabitants. Losing Uni, Bio, and parts of Resort and Tech is devastating to our citizens, economy, and future of my universe.”
I neatly summed two million and one, being the one teen alien that Rex didn’t know about. I sighed with alien.
Lad frowned with annoyance. “Resort was hit. Who reported this information? Has it been verified?”
Rex nodded. “Rann supplied me that information and it was verified by Tok. Tok’s father was a victim. Remember? Forty percent of Resort was destroyed along with the trees, land masses, and numerous sea ports, fishing sites, the taller hotels, casinos, and all of plant, animal, and citizen’s lives.”
Bartholomew said. “Rex, this new data opens up the opportunity for an alliance with Rann and his allies. He is not the presumed enemy.”
Lad snapped his fingers, frowning with annoyance. “BA, wake up! He captured and torched you. Rann is our new enemy. He has brainwashed you, Baron, and attacked Resort, and has confused us, and used you. Rann is a different person.”
Rex ordered. “Stop it, Lad! We don’t know who’s doing this nasty thing. But, I will warn to everyone, here. Rann is not to be trusted. However, we have a couple of more important matters to discuss. Ivan?”
Ivan cleared his throat. “Each mini-bot contains a complete list of names, associated ranks, assignments, and the location of your duty stations. King Rex’s royal castle is the main command center. The highest ranking military officers will report and receive orders, assignments, and duties from King Rex or me. The old Sahara castle is the new hospital and school grounds. The Uni mansion destroyed in the raid has been replaced with a new super structure that will distribute food and merchandise throughout Commerce, the other planets, and other strategic geographic sites. The old Ice castle is the operations communication center or OPS for any and all incoming and outgoing ships, space comfone messages, and communications throughout Commerce and to the other planets. The current Tech mansion houses the top secret personnel who are only allowed on Tech World. The old Bio castle has been expanded to accommodate the new military training facility. Agri will remain the permanent home of Baron Bartholomew and his business partners. Baron will monitor all outgoing food shipments to Commerce and the other planets. Finally, Bonita belongs to Lady Starra, as listed as her home residence. At this present time, there’s no assignment of military occupation in the Bonita castle.”
I turned to Rex with my lady-sneer, sounding with a purr. He was ignoring my furious facial expression and cute lady-sneer sound, since he and no one else would be occupying my noblette castle. Period!
Ivan said. “The rest of the castles, owned by the formal nobles, are heavy damaged and beyond repair. They will be leveled for some new structures. So, I propose that you study your mini-bot and learn the names of your units and officers by six in the morning tomorrow, when all military duty commences.”
The noble sounded with a moan in unison, except Lad smiled, clapping.
One of the new police guards barged in the meeting, whispering to Rex.
Rex stood and left the room.
I found it, seeing my name on the mini-bot, Commander Starra of operations communication center (OPS). My commanding officer was Rex.
I whispered with a giggle. “Commander, I like.”
Rex rushed in the room, standing at his chair. “I have another very important announcement. This data has been measured, tested, and retested to determine that it is indeed true and actual facts. The Sickness has returned to our universe. Scientists have discovered three people infected with the Sickness…”
“Where are they being kept?” Lad said with a sour frown.
“The victims are lying in individual isolated beds in the new hospital at the old Sahara castle. They’re not contagious. These people were discovered in the comatose state with only a matter of hours, before they die.” Rex said.
Lad shook both his skull and his hands. “Who are they? Who found them? Are there any more? How are we going to survive this Sickness?”
Ivan swatted at the waving hand of Lad who was to far across the diameter of the table, raising both his plump palms, saying with a serious growl. “Calm down, Lad! You’re not going to get sick. My people have taken care of the problem. No one else is going to get sick, either. We have medical protocols in place. Any person, showing any symptoms of the Sickness, will be admitted to the hospital containment ward and observed. We know based on previous historical facts that no one survives the Sickness. They are dead, within two days. So, don’t worry your noble hind about it.”
Rex nodded. “Medical precautions are being taken to subdue the Sickness and its victims. If any person sneezes, they are being taken to the hospital for a thorough clinical examination. Each noble is to prepare your unit for military duties, tomorrow, at six in the morning. We have a war to win. We can’t do it, scratching our heads about problems that have not occurred. You are the highest ranking officers in my newly formed military army. When I call a meeting, you plan to attend. Dismissed!” I sighed with mystery.
I followed behind the wiggling bee-hinds of the paired non-love birds, Bartholomew and Zak outside in the rain and dark clouds, standing under the veranda.
Bartholomew back stepped hugging and whispering to his girl. “Starra, would you dine with me this evening?”
I thumbed behind my collar bone to the castle, not thinking and saying. “I just ate too much delicious food in there. I am….” I stared at Bartholomew.
He nodded for her accept to his kind dinner invitation, trying to tell Starra that he wanted a private conservation away from the king, the palace, and the soldiers.
I sweetly adjusted my twang, batting my eyelashes. “I’d love to have dinner with ya’ll, including both your relatives Zak and Ivy. I’m starving. Should we leave now, honey? My ship’s over there. I’ll follow your air ship. Is that acceptable, darling?” I smiled with a nod.
Bartholomew leaned over and grabbed her arm, tucking Starra inside his cape. He escorted her to the carrier with Zak, sliding inside and cuddled with her over the rear seat. Zak drove the air ship and parked underneath the veranda of the Agri castle.
Zak slid out as Bartholomew assisted and cuddled with Starra, moving inside the front door.
On the 18th hour (late evening) inside the Baron Bartholomew’s castle inside the dining room during night time with a full moon and bright stars, Ivy said with a sour frown, holding a fork of food in the air. “Rex has gone mad bringing children into his military. Then there’re the poor families of the Sickness’ victims. They’re helpless to treat their loved ones. I wish we could do something.” She ate, chewing.
I placed the beverage on the table. “My understanding, there is no cure for the Sickness. I don’t know what we could do different from the trained medical staff.”
Bartholomew poured more liquid in his glass. “There is a cure for the Sickness.”
Ivy dropped her fork and her mouth. “What is it, Bartholomew? You can’t hide this information from everyone. These people can be saved. So, tell the medical technicians the information!”
Bartholomew looked at each stunned face, smiling. “The problem, I don’t know the formula, but I truly believe that Rex does.”
I nodded. “I agree with Bartholomew. Rex knows more than he’s willing to share with us and the other nobles. How can we find out his secret?”
Zak placed his fork on the dinner plate, saying with a wicked smirk. “We investigate. Or better, we send in a spy to investigate.” The other skulls nodded with agreement, but Starra.
“I do not like this plan.” I whispered with fear.
Ivy frowned. “You want one of us to spy on Rex. My wonderful husband, your plan’s a direct invitation to the gallows. And I, for one, want to keep my neck intact.” She touched her swan neck from both survival and instinct.
I parted my lips and touched my neck too.
“Are ya for or against me, stranger?” Zak smiled with a nod.
“I’m in.” Bartholomew smiled with a nod, turning his smirk to see Ivy.
“Count me in.” Ivy nodded, turning her smile to see Zak.
“Leave me out!” I whispered with fear.
Zak looked to each smiling face. “Who’s going to play the spy?”
Bartholomew turned a smile to see Starra, tapping on her knuckles. “I nominate Starra.”
“Me!” I gasped.
“Why her?” Ivy turned and frowned at Starra.
“Starra is the perfect spy.” Bartholomew smiled. “First, Rex likes you. Second, he doesn’t know all your secrets and will trust you more than anyone else at this table. And, the third reason, Rex is your superior officer. So, you can easily spy on him, instead of him spying on you…”
“Spying on me!” I frowned with surprise to Bartholomew as I was really the real alien in this fairy tale.
He reached out and patted Starra on the hand with a wink and a smile.
I exhaled with a new understanding. This was all a pretend game with a pretend chat, solving the pretend problems of the universe, because I was not a spy. I was an alien. I sighed with alien.
“The logical choice for the job, I believe.” Ivy turned her smirk to see Starra.
I looked to each smiling face, raising both my arms. “Fine!”
“Fine! What dying creature says that?” Zak frowned at Starra.
I gasped, saying with a giggle. “I’m from the south part of southern planet Bonita. We all talk, like that. We’re fine. They’re fine. I mean that I accept the assignment of spy.”
There was that word, accept. I was always accepting tests that I couldn’t pass.
Bartholomew scooted from his chair, extending a hand to Starra, gentlemanly assisting her to stand. They moved from the castle and back to the carrier ship for the evening.
On the 19th hour (late evening) in the parking lot of King Rex’s castle in the cold temperatures with bright stars and moonlight, Bartholomew drove Starra back to the palace parking lot.
The full moon burned bright against a dark sky and shone down in white light on the pretty flowers, the flat rocks, and new tiny plants. The beam glittered in hot pinks, flaring reds, burning yellows, fiery blues, and burnt oranges, a beautiful sight to behold.
Bartholomew slowed and stopped his air ship, jumped out, and strutted around the front bumper, opening her door, gently pulling her forearm out of the hatch.
I leaned my fanny against the dirty paint in my old dress.
Bartholomew wrapped his hands around her naked shoulders of her fancy ball gown, saying with a smile and a nod. “Thank you for being a part of our secret plan. I couldn’t have picked a more perfect partner to trust. I find you, an exciting and beautiful girl, Starra. I have never met anyone quiet like you, Lady Starra. These past nine days have been filled with fun, adventure, and daring moments for me. I haven’t felt this content and happy in many years. You have opened up a new universe for me. I wish this stupid war wasn’t happening. Thus, I’m very worried about you.”
I so desired to interrupt and to address his concerns about my welfare during his pretty speech, but I did not think that I should disrupt my compassionate flow of raw emotions, kind words, and romance thoughts of love.
He leaned to her nose bridge. “I meant to say in a simpler statement. I’m worried about you being alone in your huge castle with no protection or a single Bot sentinel. I’d like for you to consider staying with me at my mansion, at least, during the war.” I raised an eyebrow, the left one. He chuckled. “You don’t understand. I have talked this decision over with Ivy and Zak. They understand how I feel about you. They want me to be happy. You make me, very happy. Therefore, please think about my offer. I have over fifteen rooms, twenty bathrooms, and five living rooms. You can pick your own private wing. I care for you deeply, Starra. Please think about my idea.” He grabbed her naked hand and kissed with his lips.
I enjoyed my moment and his smile, saying with a sweet tone. “B.A., I have say it on numerous occasions. You’re the gentler of gentlemen in this universe. I’m honored that you care so much for me. I feel the same way about you. I’ll think about your generous and warm offer. But for tonight I must return to my castle. I have to prepare for my duties as commander tomorrow at six in the morning.” I raised and wiggled my new mini-bot with my free hand.
Bartholomew held the other one, dipping down his chin and kissing her pink painted lips.
I closed my eyelashes.
Alien Day 14


OPS building
Blue sky with yellow sun and cool temperatures
6th hour (late morning)


“I am your superior officer. I do not want you to forget that fact, since I will be very involved in the day-to-day activities of the war. I have appointed Major Kona as the leader of the operations communication center. Major, please take over your command. Good luck to us all.” Rex pivoted and departed with Ivan, who walked behind the king, because both a tall and a short overweigh male could not fit through the narrow archway.
I snickered at the funny picture slouching backward my lazy bee-hind against the newly painted wall of white at the intersection of the hallway.
Rex and Ivan were attending to the next formal opening of the next military location with their personal army of bodyguards which were composed of the old honor guard units for royal drama.
Kona blinked his eyelids with some type of allergic problem, standing in front of his attentive new military officers, the base support personnel, and the little kids, and said with a grin and a nod. “The first rule, you will address me as Major Kona or Major or sir. The second rule, this duty station is designated as operations communication center or OPS for a shorten name for better efficiency. The third rule…”
I was not very impressed with Major Kona. However, I was very impressed with his snappy military dress suit which was composed of a neatly pressed and ironed blue trousers and a matching blue tunic (jacket) with a single golden tinted satin sash that ran across his flat chest. The uniform was decorated with tons of small rounded and squared medals and tiny pins of different shapes and various colors that he must have stolen off a dead honor guard. I sighed with trouble.
I was the highest ranking officer as told face-to-face by Rex yesterday as I hung around the table with no food and I was posted as a commander at the new OPS station. So this boy outranked me as a major dud. I sighed with disappointment.
I subject changed my one-side silence mental thoughts and scanned the large room, admiring the stinky freshly painted dull white lobby that matched all the other dull white rooms which was the only paint can left on the shelf of the local Commerce paint store.
I executed a Tele scan beyond the present lobby to the blue dots (citizens) strolling behind the lobby and around inside the operation rooms while they were learning their new military jobs. More blue dots (citizens) were dressed in a new neatly pressed and ironed blue uniform with a fashionable combination of a pair of trousers or a cute skirt paired with a silk blouse or a silk tunic. And all the blue dots were a single satin sash of color.
I looked down with a sour frown to my cute cowgirl boots in solid black snake skin except for the small toe tip that was painted in hot pink which I haven’t figured out that particular animal, but I just ask Bartholomew. I was still both attired and tired of my same old black turtleneck plus my same old black skirt. I sighed with dejection.
I needed to tattle tale to my superior officer about my wardrobe malfunction along with the newly and annoyingly Major Kona. I lifted my mini-bot in my face, typing and finding the work résumé of Kona, a former Militia honor guard was listed below his fugly ugly foto too.
Yipe!
This was a very good example of Ivan’s people taking care of the problem. So Ivan planted and implanted all his loyal boys and girls in each military branch, station, post, and castle of Rex’s new formed military. I sighed with disenchantment.
“Where is the person named Commander Starra? Is she here? She’s supposed to report to me now.” Kona rotated his neck muscles around the room, shouting with a sour frown.
I ignored the baby pig squeak and studied my mini-bot looking for some electronic games.
The young girl in front of Starra blocked the eye view of Kona and swung around to see Starra.
He yelled with a sour tone and a matching sour frown. “I order OPS personnel to return to your duty stations. The second and third shift personnel are dismissed for day to return at your scheduled hour of work tonight.” I sighed with dreariness.
The young girl said with a smile to the noblette. “Hey. Isn’t your name Starra?”
I looked up with a smile and a nod to her as the first noblette of Bonita. “Yes.”
The young girl thumbed behind her shoulder to Kona saying with a giggle. “He’s calling your name.” She turned and left the lobby.
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, stomping my boot heel scanning the lobby which was absolutely empty except for me and him. I raised my arm and wiggled my finger. “Here…” I come stomping very loudly in my cute cowgirl boots.
He moved ahead and stood on top of raised platform which held three big separate comlens that stretched up from the floor to the ceiling.
I hopped like a bunny rabbit with my boot toes together and side by side upon the center stage, standing nose-to-nose even with Kona, because he was short like me.
He looked down with a sour frown to see her cowgirl boots. “That is not standard issue, solider…”
I forcefully shoved my right hot pink pointy toe against his left spit and polished blue rounded toe boot, bad breathing in his chin. “Starra…”
He back stepped two paces and looked up with a sour frown to see the noblette. “Starra, I have orders to report to the Command Center at King Rex’s palace. You’re going to be my second-in-command. This means you obey my commands and then we’ll get along greatly until the war ends.”
I gasped at the little short monster boy. I must obey his stupid commands as I was the first noblette of Bonita. Yesterday, he was a lonely Militia honor guard helping the noble children pee and pookie in their baby toilets.
My Tele powers sounded with a ping of hot alarm, focusing on my T-powers flare and it was not with a warning of danger that the enemy was attacking the building. I sounded with a lady grunt, slowly cautioning my instinctive reflexes, since I was going to murder in cold blood Major Kona.
I eye killed his face and bit my pink tongue, saying with a lady growl. “Major Kona, I obey…”
“Commander, you’re in charge of OPS.” He pivoted and moved to the exit archway and out of her sight.
I clapped with a silence noise and a sneaky celebration of cheer to no one, whispering for my eardrums only. “Time to par-tee, ya’ll.” I sighed with delight.
I slowly swung and moved in and out of each work room killing my precious time. Kona would not back for a very, very long, long period of time, because I also had been in meetings with Rex.
And they were not pleasant. They were not short either.
So, Major Kona was in for a rude awakening for servicing the king as a military officer.
I moved into a new room which was overcrowded with citizens, seeing that the cute children were playing merrily on the floor.
My primary task with other citizens was to monitor the small, medium, and large comlens, to manually log any and all incoming and outgoing star ships, and to record any and all space comfone intergalactic and intragalactic transmissions by name, date, time, and location from and to the outer planets along with the non-talking Wall.
So today was relatively quiet, so far.
The citizens…I mean…soldiers were learning about the new equipment, new assignments, and new military life. I sighed with duty.
However, I had accidentally discovered a new source of data and a new friend named Ensign Bob who had lived and worked on Tech World, before the maser raid destroyed his job and his family members, so sad.
Bob had been reassigned to OPS due to his extensive knowledge of comlens, comfones, and bots and he liked to educate Starra about the massive machines, appearing in his ironed and pressed blue uniform with a silver tinted sash.
I frowned at his snappy new uniform and recalled that I need to yell at someone about my new ironed and pressed blue uniform. And I greatly desired a pink sash, since I liked the color pink, best of all the hues.
Bob stomped behind Starra, pointing to each machine and showing off his learned knowledge into the next boring room of comlens.
We toured each floor, department, and machine.
Bob described the function and the purpose of each piece of equipment which might come in handy one day, since I was elected spy by my newly adopted Agri clan.
Everything ain’t fine. My Tele powers pinged.
My Tele nostrils smelled the advancing stinky body odor of Kona, before he touched the door knob into OPS. So I dismissed Bob with a hand flip and moved to my chained desk on top of the elevated platform. I sighed with annoyance.
He marched to her platform, stopping and saying with a stern frown and a nod. “Commander Starra, report to me the status of OPS first, before your next military assignment to report to my superior commander King Rex.”
“Nothing dead or alive! Okey dokey doggie do! Bye, ya’ll!” I stood and moved to the door, exiting the building. I sighed with displeasure.
On the 11th hour (early afternoon) in King Rex’s castle in another new noble committee meeting with cool temperatures and light breeze, I happily walked beside Colonel Bartholomew, holding his hand, passing the armed military soldiers in their new neatly pressed and ironed blue uniforms with a single satin yellow sash.
They saluted us.
Bartholomew saluted back with four finger pads.
I ignored them, totally.
Bartholomew and I walked down a hallway that lined with more body…naw…police guards. Then, they turned to face the archway.
The small room was packed with nobles and renamed not in alphabetic order as Corporal Lad, General Ivan, Major Zak, Colonel Bartholomew, and Commander Starra.
Rex entered the room and swung around, locking the door, turning with a sour frown, and sat next to Lad. He looked to each noble. “This information does not leave this room. There are twenty Sickness patients housed in the hospital’s isolation ward.”
“Where are the medical protocol controls?” Lad slammed his silly baton on the solid wood, wearing a sour frown.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine. 
Rex said to each noble. “I am left with only one option, termination.” All eyeballs blinked as eardrums listened.
“You are left with only one option, termination. What does that imply, Rex?” Zak asked.
Rex said. “The term means death. The patients will be humanely etherized tomorrow at the eighth hour, late morning.” The nobles gasped in both fear and oxygen.
Bartholomew slammed his palm on the solid wood, rocking the solid table. I stared with a sour frown to Rex in silence. Bartholomew said with a sour tone and a sour frown. “This is murder, Rex. You cannot kill innocent people, because they are sick with a terminal disease. You should allow the Sickness to do its job. No one survives the Sickness.” All the noble skull nodded in agreement and silence.
Lad said with a smile and a nod to each noble. “I disagree with you, Baron. Rex is saving lives. The lives of all the healthy and loyal citizens on Commerce and inside the rest of his universe stay alive.” I sighed with anger.
Rex said with a sour frown to each noble. “May I remind everyone in this room that I am the king? This makes me judge, jury, and executor of justice. I called this meeting to inform you and not debate with you. My orders will be carried out tomorrow at the eighty hour, late morning. Prepare your people for the shock of this upcoming future event. Dismissed…” He did not stand, sitting quietly, looking at his data tablet. The nobles stood and left the room.
I slowly stood thinking mentally the word, murder. This war had come to killing and to eliminating both the innocent and the enemy, since no one would dispute his reign as king of the universe. I sighed with fury.
Bartholomew grabbed and dragged her arm through the door.
Zak moved ahead of us and out the door going passed the armed soldiers to the air ship, swinging around, waving his arms, and yelled to Bartholomew. “I believe that Rex has gone completely…”
Bartholomew dropped the arm of Starra, racing to Zak’s face, grabbing the arms, and whispered. “Do not argue here,” he pointed to the air ship.
Bartholomew, Zak and I all climbed aboard for the evening meal. But I did not feel hungry only sad and mad. I sighed with intrigue.


15th hour (mid-evening)
Castle location of Baron Bartholomew
Red and yellow sunset


“What can we do, B.A.? There are twenty people. It’d take ten hours to move them to several different safe locations along with an elite commando and fighting team with weapons to penetrate the high security isolation ward in the old Sahara castle. The castle is guarded by Ivan’s old military trained and armed soldiers, who used the best members in the honor guard units. And they carry masers now, B.A.” Ivy said with a sour frown, eating her food.
Bartholomew sipped his beverage. Zak nodded in silence agreement.
I watched and listened with intrigue, silently agreeing with Ivy.
Ivy was a trained medical technician in Rex’s newly formed military that accessed the high security restricted areas and she knew the layout of new hospital within the different medical wards in the old mansion.
But Ivy did not know about a secret single passage that Rann had built underneath his mansion which was probably for a fast escape and an illegal gathering or two from King Rex.
I smiled with my deceptive grin, since I had a data tablet now with lots of information. I sighed with confidence.
“Right, Ivy! It would take a miracle to save these patients.” Bartholomew sipped his beverage.
Zak raised an arm into the air with a worried brow, “Stang! I feel both terrible and helpless.” Ivy nodded, eating her food.
But, I was working on an awesome idea, standing and looking to each noble and said with a fake sad pout and a fake meek tone. “If you will excuse me, I need to leave, B.A. The events of today are just too overwhelming for me. I hope you understand.”
Bartholomew stood and cuddled Starra, moving and leaving his noble castle. They entered his air ship, flying back to the parking lot of Rex’s castle.


18th hour (late evening)
Castle location of Lady Starra
Moonlight with bright stars and colder temperatures


Bartholomew gave Starra a hug and kiss quickly inside the parking lot of Rex’s castle.
Then, I entered and flew home inside my air ship, since I did not own my personal bot. I parked the air ship in the garage, dashing through the castle.
I moved to my back yard among the dead and burned flowers and tall ugly weeds, wearing my smelly and stinky funeral outfit which was my black turtleneck shirt, my black skater skirt, and my unpolished black knee boots. I ran across the open meadow fields and a thick grove of lush green forests and squatted in the brown dirt, performing a Tele sight, seeing the Sahara castle in golden nuggets of sparkling tint in the far distance. I was still three miles ago.
Now, it was the new hospital, where the Sickness patients were held and scheduled to die.
I stood upright from the grass and performed a Tele dash with my telekinesis to the new hospital site.


New hospital building (Old Sahara castle)
19th hour (late evening)
Cold temperatures with bright stars and moonlight


I executed a Tele jump up and over the broken stone gate on the stone wall, thinking that the castle needed some big improvements to live up to a real hospital setting. I continued to Tele dash looking like a dark ghost sorta between the dark green woodlands following an old trail hiking path to the rear of new hospital.
I had used my Tele photographic memory to find the hiking path after accessing the electronic floor plans on my new mini-bot for a very different reason. I was very certain that Rann would have invited me to his castle before the ram ship raid happened.
And I did not like surprises either and liked to know about a fast exit or two for a quick escape, as well, as Rann.
Geez! I was adapting well in the universe, thinking that Rann was a very clever guy for designing an underground back door near the stinky bathroom on the first floor.
My good luck showed that the isolation ward was ten feet away from the stinky bathroom as the circulation of bad air choked off the hidden chamber which was beneath the first floor tiles. This created an excellent environment for an isolation room environment for exposing both poisons and toxins to the already ill patients. I sighed with murder.
The exterior lights in the rear of the hospital were powered off, since Rex and a handful of trusted nobles knew about the evil execution deaths of twenty innocent people tomorrow at the eighth hour, late morning.
I slapped my body to the ground, crawling on four (my palms and my kneecaps) in the dirt and performed a Tele probe with my telepathy and executed a Tele view with my teleclairvoyance as I searched inside the closed trap door made of solid concrete, whispering with a smirk. “There you are.”
Waving a hand, executing with a Tele hit, a Tele lift, and a Tele shove on the dried plaster which surrounded the single door frame, sliding it off and over to the tall grass and weeds. The cool fresh air slammed into my sweaty face. I sighed with feat.
I stood and entered a dull golden tinted tunnel, executing a Tele scan through the tight space going all the way down to a new locked door about 200.0 feet.
Clear.
The enclosed and constructed hallway was wide for a couple of upright males and absent of nasty debris and trash.
I worried about the living and lingering rodents and spider webs, but the proper working ventilation system was operating efficiently down here to keep the bugs and pests off the walls and corners. I jogged to end, climbing five steps and slammed a Tele hit with my invisible Tele hand on the golden tinted lock, breaking with my mighty Tele strength. I crouched and moved into a bright hallway. I sighed with nervousness.
I turned to the left, moving swiftly down an empty hallway, absent of hospital personnel, military guards, and medical patients. I slowed and stopped in front of the sign, pointing to the isolation ward.
I slammed my fanny in the wall corner between a dark desk and a dark wall, executing a Tele probe with telepathy, scanning inside the medial ward, and completed a Tele view, seeing the numerous patients that were quietly lying in their individual bed cots. The patients were covered in blood red blankets peacefully sleeping and quietly waiting for death or rather for Rex’s deadly version.
I pulled my Tele scan back from seeing the Sickness patients and out the closed set of double doors, where I hid between the wall corner and back in my mental mind.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I nervously stood exposing my body in the light and stepped a right boot to the medical door.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I did not see but felt movement which was coming from the side corridor.
The night med tech had returned from her break time of cinnamon rolls and hot chocolate with the delicious odor bombarding my nostrils.
I swiftly ran to the available bathroom, holding my breath, hearing with my Tele eardrums: Step. Step. Step. Swing.
I executed a Tele view, seeing that the med tech entered the isolation ward. Now, I needed a clever disguise to finish my mercy work, before I alerted the armed military soldiers, who were stationed in front of the lobby, to my secret plan.
Then, it would be bye-bye for twenty innocent souls.
I opened my eyelashes, looking around and searching my immediate surroundings, where a set of staff lockers were built into the dressing area of the bathroom. I extended my arms, wiggling my fingers, performing a Tele slap on the lock of the first locker, catching the falling lock with my Tele hand, and laid it on the floor using my telekinesis.
I moved and rummaged through the loose items finding a worn white laboratory coat, placing over my body, and swung around, looking to the mirror. The med tech might recognize my face. After all, I was a famous person, the first noblette lady of Bonita. I sighed with beauty.
And I needed more disguise to cover up my noblette face.
I extended my hands, wiggling my fingers, and executed a Tele slap and a Tele catch on a second locker and its lock, moving and finding a white shower cap and a single bag of makeup. I covered my hair with the cap, smudging the dark brown powder around my face, throat, and the top of my knuckles. Then I gazed in the mirror, finding a new alien-girl, thinking that Bartholomew would be pleased.
I grunted with an automatic no and swung to the archway of the bathroom. I sighed with duty.
Inside the Isolation Ward, I causally moved through the door, standing beside her nose profile, pretending to be another paid med tech at the hospital.
The real med tech looked up with a pale face and an ugly sneer to see Starra. “Who are you?”
I connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to her: Replacement.
She stared at Starra.
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance.
I connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to her again: Go home.
The med tech exhaled with a puff of frustration, saying with a sour frown and yawned. “About time, I’m tired. You’re in charge.” She stood, grabbing and wrapping the cape around her shoulders, moving out the isolation ward.
I performed a Tele spy on her movement.


The med tech strolled around wall corner of hospital wing and down the long corridor, waving with her hand to the lobby entrance military soldiers.

She moved out the door and advanced to her personal air ship, leaving the hospital parking lot.


I drew back my Tele sight of teleclairvoyance, turning to see the twenty sickness patients, and whined like I had stepped my right cowgirl boot in a pile of squirrel pookie, because I did. “Time for work, Starra...”
I extended my arms, wiggling my fingers, and performed a Tele lift with Telekinesis, moving two patients inside their private bed cover at a time through the isolation door, into the underground tunnel, out the open trap door, through the dark woodlands, into my weedy back yard, and parked the bed cot inside a roomy storage space in my mansion. I stood along the side wall with my closed eyelashes and my wiggling fingers.
And I bet that I looked funny, too.
I walked behind the last two bed cots, wiping off the makeup off my face, stomping through the woodlands like a rabbit.
My individual tasks required three Bonita hours and some odd minutes. I sighed with exhaustion.
Alien Day 15


2nd hour (very early morning)
Castle location of Lady Starra
Storage room setting
Cool temperatures and bright stars with moonlight


I stood inside the archway of the storage room admiring my invited guests. Each one was safe at least for a little from both Rex and Ivan. And I wasn’t worry, since I was immune from the Sickness being a teen alien. I executed a Tele probe with my telemetabolics on each unconscious body to sense their healthy tissue, organs, and bones, saying with a puzzled frown, “Very strange!”
I recalled from Rosa not that fat red coloring book that the Sickness caused a fever which was followed by a coma and then a death. But, each one of these patients were not close to death as their individual auras glowed with a white light of perfect health, exhibiting a normal sleeping pattern of rapid eye movement with shallow breathing which was coming from a healing trance.
And I knew about healing trance and I was totally confused within my mental thoughts.
I moved and pressed my three finger pads to a small child as she had a normal heart rhythm with regular blood flow into her healthy arteries and her active brain functions. No fever. The child was cool to my finger pads. This was normal due to colder air circulating outside the lawn and inside the storage room.
I was missing something, since there was a connection. The connection, Rosa had controlled their minds, well, not anymore, since Rosa was deader than a nail head.
Mind control!
Pieces of the puzzle were coming together inside my neurons.
All the children over the age of four years old were required attend planet Uni which was once the universe school, where the children lived, played, and learned under the school teachers, who also lived there. The school teachers were trained to teach the young minds of the children too.
Half of the victims were children over the age of four and only a true Tele could control a mind. Therefore, the teachers were practicing Teles, who had been trained by the only known Tele in the universe. The incident of sixty-eight years ago on Uni where Rosa was only witness, because she executed her own cold blooded murder on the children and the adults to keep her secret well hidden, foreverly.
I shuddered with my scary revelation. I sighed with sadness.
All this hard evidence led to one final unrevealed conclusion that all the citizens here were really gifted as a true Tele who was unbeknownst to their own brain neuron.
However, Rosa knew it.
But Rex knew it too.
And I bet that Rann knew something of the secret too. I sighed with intrigue.
I back stepped and swung around, jogging to the kitchen, studying my personal comlen. I dialed OPS, since I was second-in-command in both my grand title and my grander privilege.
A young girl appeared with a smile and a nod on my visual monitor.
I said with a sour frown and a dark voice. “This is Commander Starra. Identify yourself, Ensign?”
“Ensign Dot, sir…” Her nervous voice said via the comfone.
I said with a smile and a nod. “Relax, Ensign. Assign me a space line, now.”
Her face dropped down to the computer and as her fingernails sounded with a set of numerous clicks on the keyboard. “Yes sir. I have available a space comfone line number 818 which is ready for an immediate intergalactic transmission. I coded it scrambled, commander, sir.” She looked up with a smile to see Starra.
I said with a nod and a smile, “Outstanding, Ensign Dot! Put yourself in for a duty accommodation by me. Do you remember my name?”
Dot nodded. “Commander Starra.”
I continued to stand and smile at the comlen, “Starra, out.” The comlen went black tint. I reached out and punched the access code 818 into my comfone and stopped the digital movement.
Let us test my hypothesis!
I connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to Rann: Starra calls.
Then I pressed the transmittal button on the comfone and waited for one second, two seconds…
The silver and white rows of static had vanished completely and replaced with a dashing and devious smirk coming from the face of Prince Rann.
Rann bowed with a chin, looking up with a smirk and said with a sexy baritone timbre. “Lady Starra, good evening to you! Hmm! I had a good feeling that you might be calling me tonight. What is your pleasure? Or maybe, it is my pleasure. Is that the better quest or request?” He could charm a Sahara snake.
I had heard some very nasty rumors about the Sahara snakes that sucked out the blood on the dead prisoners, who had tried to escape in the 200 degrees of heated desert sands. So I could see the vested intrigue and interest of Rita in Rann. I sighed with adventure.
I leaned to comlen screen, saying with a wink and a grin. “Drop the façade, Rann. You tell me your secrets and I will tell you mine.” I stared at his face.
Rann smiled. “I’m ready, willing and able, Starra. Your place or mine? I am a practicing Tele too with a limited range of both telepathy and telekinesis abilities I am training a small army of Tele warriors who are mostly composed of the Sickness patients that have survived both the fever and fights against the true enemy of the universe, King Rex. Join me, Starra. I could use your unique and gifted talent in my Tele army.”
I gasped with shock that Rann knew my Tele secret but not my alien secret, thou.
I would love to join his crusade, but I could not. My mysterious disappearance and sudden reemergence in the enemy territory would be highly dubious and labeled me as a traitor plus a severe consequence which might include my neck.
I gingerly touched my throat with my hand and mentally axed that precious mental idea.
Use, abuse and forgive the pun!
I shook my curls. “It’s too late for me to switch sides, Rann. Rex will become suspicious and attack you and your warriors prematurely. We have to wait for your little surprise. Anyways, I cannot leave Bartholomew.”
Rann looked down to his hand and looked up to see Starra, saying in his sexy baritone timber. “Ah! The handsomely talented Baron Bartholomew, you really care for him, don’t you, Starra?”
I said with a nod and a smile. “I do. I will protect him at all costs, Rann. I want to make that absolutely clear between us.”
Rann shook a skull with a chuckle and a nod. “Don’t worry, Lady Starra! My goal is to expose Rex and then destroy him.”
I believed in the Tele ability of Rann. After all, I was a practicing Tele with unlimited metaphysical abilities, since I came from planet Earth as the teen alien here.
He said. “Rex is a very powerful Tele. He seems weak in his physical appearance but can manipulate his will in a very vast and dangerous way using the citizens instead of mind tricks.”
I nodded. “Speaking of citizens, I hold twenty victims of the Sickness. Can you help me, Rann?”
“Where did you get them?” Rann frowned.
I exhaled with a puff of worry. “Rex is…was going to execute them for being ill. Most of the victims are children. I believe they’re survivors from Uni…”
Rann shook his skull. “They are not from planet Uni. There were no survivors like the other planets of Bio, Ice, and parts of Tech World, and Resort. Masers did not leave anything but burned body parts, Starra.”
I nodded. “I’m very sorry. Didn’t rescue teams find injured people on Ice?”
“Maser waves burn flesh in a single shot. They are also designed to track heat specifically the body heat in all life forms. The massive maser cannons produce intense rays of radiation inside the atmosphere and along the ground soil. No one survives a maser cannon blast. There is not anything in the universe strong enough to deflect fire power like that. Therefore, no one survived the maser wave attacks on Bio, Uni, and Ice. Citizens, animals, and plants are totally destroyed by an instant burn wave directly hitting the ground or a body which is contaminated from the atmosphere’s radiation poisoning. The planet cannot be re-inhabited for another five hundred years.” I sighed with death.
“I’m so sorry. I didn’t fully understand the devastation of maser cannons.”
“This information is not available to the general public. I’d strongly advise keeping this data secret, Starra.”
“No problem. And I ask you the posed question, again. What about the twenty Sickness patients in my storage room…”
Rann smiled. “I will enjoy assisting you, the beautiful Lady Starra of Bonita.” He bowed in respect again. He was a calm and cool noble, overall a great guy, who happened to be a single and an available dangerous prince.
I softly clapped and bounced on my naked toe bones, “Excellent, Rann. I have to move them quickly, before I’m caught. They’re planned for execution tomorrow at the eighth hour…”
Rann slammed his folded fist into the side wall of the mounted comlen, rattling the monitor on my end too.
Joking, ya’ll.
He shouted out loud. “Blast it, Starra! The eighth hour is tomorrow. That doesn’t give us much time. It is two in the morning now.” He looked down to the table and typed on his data tablet.
I watched his serious behavior. “Time! Time for what, Rann?”
Rann looked up with a smile to see Starra. “A rescue ship…”
I back stepped from comlen with my deep thoughts but my good wishes of a face-to-face encounter with Rann but not here on planet Commerce. “Rescue? You’re going to save them by carrying off the twenty unconscious bodies off of Bonita back home to Sahara with you.”
He said. “You guessed correctly, Starra. Sahara’s the safest place for them. Each patient is in a sleep hibernation mode. Each mind is interfacing their single Tele ability into the physical brain matter which is a two-day growth process. A victim falls into a comatose state which would be too painful, if the patient was fully conscious.”
I nodded. “I understand. Where can I meet the rescue party at the Wall?”
He smiled. “Three miles, south of your mansion, there is an abandoned warehouse. Can you levitate all the patients there for me?” He pressed a button, sending an electronic map as it appeared on my comlen screen.
I said with a nod and a smile. “Done!”
He smiled to her. “I will arrive with a cargo ship in one hour, Starra. Rex might be over confident, but Ivan isn’t. He was blamed for the attack on Commerce and the other outlaying planets due to lack of security and stuff. Ivan probably has extra men camped around active and inactive hot spots throughout the city for recording suspicious acts.”
I listened to the excellent scouting report from Rann, since I was not a spy, but I was an alien. I nodded. “Thanks for the warning, Rann.”
“I can approach my ship on the dark side of planet. But OPS will detect my signal, as soon as, I land the vessel near the warehouse.” Rann frowned.
I said with a nod and a giggle. “Don’t worry. I have an idea. I’ll create a diversion for you.”
“How will I recognize it?”
“Trust me. You won’t miss it.”
Rann nodded with a smile, cutting off the comlen transmission.
I swung around, moving to the storage room for my second feat of Tele work for the new morning and a second day. I sighed with action.


3rd hour (very early morning)
Abandoned warehouse location
Interior room setting
Dark blue sky with white clouds and white glowing moon
Cool temperatures with light breeze and humid air


I did not dare contact Rann for a second time by using my intergalactic special comfone number 818 for another secret transmission which would go through the Wall to his ship. It was almost untraceable inside the recording equipment at OPS. However, too much static around from the Wall made it impossible to track a single space line which was beaming back and forth to me coming from Rann. The first comfone signal bounced in outer space which covered my initial conversation with Rann. But I could not conceal a second comfone transmission on a local intragalactic band which was bouncing off the dirt of Commerce up to an overhead moving ship.
The OPS monitor would flag the flying incoming ship immediately, since the communication system records double recorded and triple recorded both the signal and the ship, unless something happened to interfere with the monitoring. I sighed with trickery.
When an unexpected natural phenomenon occurs, it usually blocked all space intergalactic and intragalactic transmissions which caused continuous static and made it impossible to record, monitor, and track a ship or a comfones or spy. A rolling thunderstorm might cause an intragalactic comfone equipment to fail.
Too bad! There must be a system design flaw located in OPS, so I will order someone to look into that problem tomorrow at the sixth hour morning.
I watched for Rann, standing with my knuckles tapping beside on my kneecaps, studying the beautiful clear bright cloudless cool night air of the night starry evening. I touched my lips thinking of Bartholomew and his sweet kiss as we had glowed like two bright stars together under a full silver moon.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I performed a Tele probe with my telepathy, touching the edge of his mind as Rann flew into the stratosphere of Commerce. I concentrated my Tele energy on the light breezy air currents, tons of white clouds, and the moon heat. I bet you didn’t know that one. The winds swiftly increased. The pretty white clouds collided creating a boom of loud thunder and turned nasty looking dark midnight blue. Multiple streaks of yellow lightning beautifully danced across the growing red angry sky. Then buckets of raindrops, high hurricane winds, white round hail, loud thunder, and yellow lightning covered every square inch of the dark skyline and lighted up the land crop fields.
I hoped that the hidden spies of Ivan had working rain umbrellas, saying with a giggle. “Surprise, ya’ll…”
I gathered and pulled all the calm winds around the star ship of Rann, protecting him as his ship streaked across the black skyline.
I performed a Tele slam with my telekinesis, retracting back a movable glass covered roof in the ceiling of the old abandoned warehouse.
Rann sailed to the abandoned warehouse, hovering and lowering his big star ship down inside a hidey hole, softly landing, creating mini tornados of dust around the single room.
I performed a Tele bubble around my body and the Sickness patients, whacking off the dancing dust bunnies.
The ship settled with a hiss and a white steam 
The door opened.
Rann stood in the archway, wearing a dashing smile, a pair of black rattlesnake skinned cowboy booted feet, a pair of faded blue jeans, and a vest in black underneath his muscles and without the gems
I dropped my mouth in shock.
He bent his kneecaps, performing a Tele leap in the air, rolling into a ball, and swirled through the air, landing his handsomeness in front of Starra on bent knees. He bowed at his wrist, parting his fabric vest, exposing more of his naked chest.
I bit my bottom lip with my naughty mental thoughts, smiling at his showy and sexy charm.
Rann lifted his torso, exposing his naked chest, grabbing her naked dirty hand and kissed, drooling on her five knuckles way too long.
I smiled with the discovery of another gentleman in the universe, blushing with embarrassment. I loved Bartholomew, but I both admired and respected Rann, since I had betrayed Bartholomew again and not in love but with action.
I was performing another illegal act which Bartholomew did not know about and it shall be carried to my dirt grave as Bartholomew would flip out over my home guests of the Sickness patients, my new friend Rann in his shiny cowboy boots, my levitation magic Tele tricks, and other alien stuff. Well I could perform all these feats without Bartholomew finding out, since my secret was safe with Rann.
Rann was chasing after Rex, the really mean bad guy of the universe.
I was assisting a little bit with Rann every once in a while. I sighed with aide.
I back stepped and swung to the concrete floor, performing a Tele jump with my telekinesis, executing a Tele fly without wings over the platform, and gently completing a Tele land on the floor.
Rann rushed from the platform, executing a Tele fly with his telekinesis in the air, completing a Tele drop behind Starra and spun around, her close to his naked heated chest.
Rann and I stood there for one second and then two seconds which was the most delightful longest two seconds in my life and as we continued to cuddle each other’s body.
I jerked away from his heated touch and cleared my throat, trying to calm a beating heart, a racing pulse, and a clicking set of naught mental thoughts of a bronzed sand god. I back stepped to the patients, smiling with a nod to him, and started my job, executing a Tele lift of the freaking heavy twenty cots to an empty cargo bay of Rann’s ship through an open hatchway.
Rann stood on the opposite side of the wall, crossing and flexing his taunt biceps, watching Starra.
And I watched him and did not mind a light mental workout of my neurons…naw…my biceps too.
I finished being a supernatural Tele being, parking my bee-hind covered jean that I found in Anna’s old bedroom on the edge of the platform, stretching lengthwise my arms and my legs for fun.
Rann moved to Starra, sitting beside her, smiling at her nose profile. And I watched him with my left eyeball, because Rann was sitting by my left elbow. He said with a smile and a nod. “I’m impressed. You’re very, very talented, Starra.”
I smiled and yawned from needed sleep, whispering. “Thank you!”
Rann elbowed her for his fun, shifting closer to her cool body with his heated frame, leaning to her nose profile. “Too bad, I can’t recruit you to join me. I have great benefits,” smiling.
I blushed in a tinted candy pink over my golden freckles as Rann always did this to me compliments and flirt all at the same time.
I cleared my throat. “Thanks for the offer, again, Rann. But BA and the other simple minded nobles on this side of the wall need my talents, too.” I giggled with his at my stupid innocent statement.
He stood, performing a Tele leaped off the platform, executing a Tele twirl into a somersault, showing off his Tele talents for her, and completed a Tele drop on the floor without a sound.
I stood, swinging around and performed a Tele backward flip off the platform, executing a Tele land on the floor, bending my kneecaps and showing off too for my fun.
He scooted around, smiling in front of her face. “Rex is going to be very surprised and displeased tomorrow at eight in the morning. I wish I could see his face,” laughing.
I said with a nod and a giggle. “I’m going to be on time for my shift at work, so he doesn’t suspect me of any wrong doing.”
Rann and I both laughed with our mischievous deed.
He tossed his skull up and down and saw her boots, saying with a confused frown. “Like your boots, Starra, is the outer skin…”
A gigantic lightning bolt sounded with a crack across the opening in the roof.
I forgot to cut off the thunderstorm event that was happening outside as I waved my hand, sending an invisible ray of telepathy into the clouds, making it quite outdoor as the air molecules stilled in the abandoned warehouse.
Rann looked up with a smile to see the bright stares and looked down to see her. “You’re good, darling.”
“My…” boots were.
Rann pulled Starra to his chest for a second time as I stopped breathing air. He smiled. “Thank you, Lady Starra.” I exhaled with a puff of disappointment as Rann said. “You have saved innocent lives and increased my Tele army, too boot,” he chuckled, hugging her.
I stared into his brown dancing eyeballs, saying with a giggle and a wiggle, to boot. “You are very welcome, Prince Rann. I hope that I can return the favor, some day.” I grinned and flirted back for my fun, since I had a boyfriend, who I loved very much. Stop this and go home. I said. “I’ll think about that. I’m certain that I can find a single favor for you to return for me in the near future.”
Rann wrapped his biceps around her shoulders and her waist, bending his kneecaps, executing a Tele jump off the floor, swirling and twirling their bodies as one in the air.
He completed a Tele land on top of the ship’s platform.
I grinned and giggled with a silly smile, scooting my boots away from Rann, feeling both naughty and lustful.
He lifted her naked to his lips, kissing her dirty knuckles, holding way too long.
I giggled with silliness, pulling away from Rann.
He released her hand, bowing at his naked waist with respect to a noblette and a Tele too, lifting his naked chest, executing a Tele leap with his telekinesis, spinning and swirling around and around, completing a Tele land on top of the cargo ship. He spun around to see Starra, lifting his two fingers to his forehead in a salute.
I gasped with the recognition of the old Earth salute.
He did not comment but smirked for his fun.
I flung my fingers next to my eyeball like a silly teen. Wait, I was a silly teen and tooted in my teenly soprano, “Bye Rann. Good luck…”
“…to us all.” He said with a smile and a nod, disappearing down in the cockpit.
I executed my own Tele backward flip, getting off the ship’s platform, completing a Tele land on the hard concrete of the warehouse floor, and scooted back in the wall corner from the five afterburners on the ship and not desiring to be flame broiled.
He activated the gear controls as the heavy ship vertical floated up to the nasty dark blue sky.
I gathered and banged the clouds together, creating a new Tele storm, showing off my Tele powers for fun, flashing prettily three set of yellow bolts of lightning over OPS building for more of my fun. I purposefully knocked out the sensitive radar sensors during Rann’s successful escape from planet Commerce, grinning and giggling like a mischievous kid that stole the cookie jar.
And I was totally wrong about dashing and dangerous Rann as he was a very nice gentleman with good manners, as well, as an intriguing, mysterious guy. And I pondered a lot of naughty mental thoughts, performing a Tele dash back home to my castle for my beauty sleep. I sighed with interest.


6th hour (late morning)
OPS building location
Office desk setting of Starra
Sunny without rain and cool temperatures


“Good morning, Ensign Bob!” I entered the doors, saying with a smile and a nod, moving to my assigned work station in the open lobby, wearing my blue funeral outfit and my pink and black cowgirl boots.
Bob turned a grin and a nod to see his superior officer and his super new friend. “Good morning, Commander Starra.” He pulled up beside her. “Did you see that spectacular lighting and thunderstorm, last night?”
“Thank you!”
Bob slowed his pace as she slowed her steps. He dropped his mouth, walking and looking at her nose profile. “What did you say?”
I coughed out loud. “O! Think…like you and the storm. But, I must’ve missed most of it. I’m heavy sleeper, very heavy sleeper.” He moved ahead and continued to stare at Starra. I hoped that he liked my nose profile as I planned on not changing it. I sighed with mistake.
Bob stopped with a stern confused face and looked down with a stern face to see the floor. “I should get to my work station.” He looked up and slowly moved ahead of Starra as they departed from their separate ways.
I exhaled with a puff of frustration and turned and leaped into the air and landed on top of my platform, walking and creating a ton of noise in my cowgirl boots, because the boots were made for riding a stallion, rounding up herds of cattle, and dancing a hoedown back on planet Earth. I stopped in front of my empty three feet long by three feet wide by two feet depth dang desk which was very small.
I sat in a cold metal folding chair as it sounded with a mice squeak with pain from my light weight, picking up my mini-bot that no one bothered to steal. There was a set of honest folks that lived here.
I barely read the communication reports from last night as I had hoped that the answer nothing was there.
And it was there.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything is fine, darling.
I flipped the screen and read intergalactic comfone transmission reports are 0.0.
Good, there was no evidence that I communicated with Rann from my castle on planet Commerce to planet Sahara.
I flipped to the next screen seeing the intragalactic comfone transmission reports are over five million which represented the folks of Commerce who were talking to their mama, daddy, and dead grandma in heaven.
Geez, I swished to the next screen reading that incoming ships reports were zero point zero.
Good, there were no traces of Rann’s cargo ship trailing from planet Sahara to planet Commerce at the abandoned warehouse.
The outgoing ships reports were zero point zero, too.
Great! Rann’s ship wasn’t tracked leaving Commerce, traveling back to and through the Wall.
I flipped fast through the useless data and hit the last page of the short report and read a severe thunderstorm knocked out all communication lines at the third hour, very early morning and until the fourth hour, very early morning. I sighed with happiness.
I heard with my Tele eardrums, before I saw with my naked eyeballs.
He advanced with his scary parts in OPS, my most favorite citizen in entire galaxy.
Adding to my second most favorite citizen in the universe, Rita and with my first most favorite citizen in the universe, Dirk, they were missing and not present in this timeline. I sighed with mystery.
Kona slowly moved a total distance of ten inches and then stopped and sneezed retrieving a dirty handkerchief from his neatly ironed and pressed blue jacket, blowing his red nose.
I wore my old stinky black turtleneck, my matching black skirt, and my cute cowgirl boots. I sighed with pretty uniform.
Kona started his slower pace for another twenty inches and then stopped and coughed rushing ahead towards the water fountain against the wall, slurping the cool water, and lifted his torso and his face, wiping off his wet mouth with the sleeve of his neatly ironed and pressed blue jacket. He swung around to see Starra and moved slowly for another thirteen inches. Yeah! I was a ruler. He stopped and sneezed out a gob of green snot.
I gagged and mouth spat, turning with a sour frown to locate that pesky cockroach, hearing the footpads come closer to the platform of my work station. I turned with a sour frown to see Kona. I sighed with germs.
“Kona…” I said with a giggle and a smile. “How is your brain and your face and your boots doing on this glorious and fine morning?”
He croaked in his congested nose and his raw throat. “Not feeling, very well!”
I frowned. “You look awful, too, Major! Did you catch a bug?”
He stepped on my platform as I slammed the metal chair down onto the platform while pacing backwards from his set of invisible germs.
He sneezed out another batch of thick green snot as Starra flipped a face towards the desk and breathed really deeper. Kona croaked, wiping off his mouth and his nose. “I got caught outside during a severe thunderstorm, last night.”
I looked down with a sour frown to see the floor, trying not to vomit puke green goo on his spit and shiny boots, noting that Rann was correct about Ivan’s spies. One of them stood before…beside me here pretending that he was playing in nasty rain for fun that I had created last night for Rann’s escape. I sighed with revenge.
I turned with a lady sneer to his red face. “You need a doc, maybe medicine, major.” Kona opened his mouth to releases his bad germs and breathe in some good oxygen. I fingered the exit doors.
I connected, linked, and then Tele talked to him, Doctor, medicine.
Kona coughed and said at the same time, “I sick. I will…” Then, he sneezed out a ton of green snot, grabbing his used handkerchief from his neatly ironed and pressed blue jacket.
I jump backed, slamming my bee-hindie into the metal on the comlen and not wanting to catch his bacteria. I sighed with healthy. I said with a nod and a lady growl. “Good idea, Major! You don’t want all of us at the military base becoming ill then we can’t fight off the invading attacking forces.” I enjoyed insulting him and his lower intelligence.
His swollen brain cells thought and as his mouth said. “Good point! You’re in charge of OPS, commander.” He slowly turned and moved ahead toward the door, stopping and sneezing along the way until he was gone. I sighed with satisfaction.
I motioned for Sbot to my princess stance as the bot hovered near her face. I pressed a speaker button on the robot that communicated an overhead message to the workers, in case, an emergency raid or something. I said with a smile and a nod even though the other workers could not see my pretty smile. “Attention, ya’ll. This is Commander Starra who is the second-in-charge of OPS. I have decided that we need a breakfast break which commences here, right now, at this moment of time. So, everyone, come out and head toward the mess hall for some free food. That is my only order for the dang day,” giggling.
Two young males run ahead and raced to be first through the closed set of mess hall doors, who were followed by lots of other workers who also run, jogged, and strolled from the comlen room, the comfone rooms, and the administration offices towards the mess hall for free food. I sighed with fun.
I impatiently watched and waited for quiet and boldly strutted to his private office which was located on the west wall getting warmed by an afternoon sun. My naked desk and I received a cold morning burn and a cool afternoon ice on ten feet long by twelve feet wide footpad platform which exposed me to the earth elements of wind, fire, and ice. I sighed with coldness.
I stood in front of the closed door, twisting the knob. Locked. I cursed that little nasty word which I did not know the exact meaning, but I had a very good idea, since I just needed confirmation from a native, “Stang!” I executed a Tele pop with my telekinesis, waving my pink painted manicured index fingernail at the stubborn metal, hearing a soft click and my giggle.
O! Major Kona had forgotten to lock his office latch.
“Too bad!” I sounded with a lady snort, walking three steps in the office and stopped, examining the room with my naked eyeballs.
Wow, his workplace was so nice and so big and so pretty with a soft white long sofa, a large desk, a big nice window which viewed the pretty tall green trees, a blue sky, and a yellow sun.
I worked on three feet by three feet table which contained no desk compartments for my pink shaded lipstick, no padding on my metal chair for my beautiful bee-hind, and it was surrounded by three fugly ugly gigantic loud comlens. I sighed with injustice.
The middle comlen was 150 inches in diameter, showing a sphere shaped outline of planet Commerce, compliments of the secret satellite spy network of Ivan. The left comlen played still fotos of the royal castle and that was what I really wanted to see at the sixth hour, very early morning, a foto of Rex getting dressed for the day.
Ugh! I shrugged a body and cringed the collar bone while performing a tongue of mouth spat on the floor with both the physically and mentally vile and foul mental picture.
The right comlen fed numerous photography views of the live entrance point of OPS as sometimes I felt that all three comlens were actually stalking me. I sighed with silliness.
I moved and searched the top left first drawer in his desk. Empty.
Second drawer? Empty.
Third drawer? Empty.
“Stang!” I whispered softly, because I was not supposed to be here. I sighed with duty.
I knew the thing was in here, but Kona was cleverer than I. And I could not perform a Tele view on it either.
Objects were very hard to find with my T-powers rather than one or two of a simple minded and very heated life form.
I believed that I had found my first weakness in my T-powers. I sighed with frustration.
I had all day long to search for it and pulled the top right first drawer open to see.
Empty.
I completed my eyeball search and concluded with my neurons that all the dang drawers were empty, because there was not enough currs to buy office supplies. Kona had used all the currs to buy his very long and pretty furniture credenza which was standing behind my fanny.
So, I attacked the wood for the object, slamming the first to the last cabinet with my social angry, seeing empty shelves too.
I stomped my cowgirl boots around the desk and straight to the closet, slamming open the door, seeing a second iron and pressed blue jacket on the hanger.
I gasped, foot stomped, and mouth spat on his new white room in shock and in jealousy. I sighed with revenge.
So, Kona had a second ironed and pressed uniform, in case of damage from me. I sighed with accident coming.
I pushed the jacket to the wall, wrinkling his fresh uniform, pressing my ten finger pads on the left side of the wall, and moved down to the white plush carpet, feeling something. I shifted both my hands down to the carpet, laying them flat on top of the softness, studying the wall corner, and saw a separate hidden panel in the bottom left side of the closet.
I performed Tele seek with my teleclairvoyance and saw a little faint light of colored beams ranging from red to pink.
Found it.
I smashed the panel with the palm of my hand, as the hidden panel rattled, retracted out and up into a hidden slot like a secret passageway tiny door. I sighed with espionage.
I reached and stole his personal mini bot and scooted out the closet, sitting cross legged on the thick pretty white expensive carpet, thinking of peeing on the fabric too. Instead, I quickly booted up the mini bot, watching the pretty lights blink red and green, displaying the military logo. I didn’t know that, ya’ll.
The black colored circle had two crossed daggers in gold and silver in the middle of the diameter.
Whatever!
I pressed the button and scrolled down through a menu to a blinking prompt, typing the word: new.
I snickered with delight, “Too easy!”
I set up a new space comfone line for General Starbelt, sounding with a lady snort. No one knew General Starbelt which would take twice as long to track to me, in case someone was really curious about a new space line or perhaps a bot geek genius like me. I sighed with spy.
The comlen displayed a new access code of 1313 as I greatly desired a private, secure, scrambled, and non-traceable comfone line to Starra and I could contact Rann at any time that I needed assistance with more Sickness patient rescues or rescuing me.
I stood and moved to the closet, replaced the borrowed mini-bot, closing up the exposed and hidden wall panel, the closet door, and the office door, and returned to my assigned seat, playing a game on my mini-bot that I found yesterday while doing nothing again. I sighed with trepidation.
All three comlens appeared with pretty rows of silver static and blasted in my eardrums with a baritone tuba.
Ivan said via the comfone. “Attention, citizens of the universe. His royal majesty King Rex has an important announcement.”
I executed a Tele flip with my chair, swinging around and completed a Tele land on the metal platform, staring at the middle comlen, seeing a neatly ironed and pressed blue medium uniform with a thick purple sash which was decorated with an assortment of colored medals and tiny pins, next to fat Ivan.
Rex was short like me, but Rita is tall like Rann. Wo-man, I pondered what I should eat tonight for supper.
Rex said via the comfone. “I have the unpleasant job of giving the most regrettable news that…huh…”
Ivan blocked the comfone with his fat hand, whispering to the right eardrum of Rex.
I laughed, slapping my knee, holding the mini-bot with my other hand. “I know your secret, Rex.”
Rex’s lips moved slowly and shouted so loud that the comfone picked up the single transmission. “What?” He twisted his short frame to a curtain, exiting the podium. I sighed with intrigue.
Ivan replaced Rex, clearing his throat. “His royal majesty King Rex, the solo ruler of the universe and commander of the military, has been called to an urgent emergency meeting…”
“…inside the bathroom, doing a dookie.” I made it up for fun and blasted my toy maser at the computer villains on my mini-bot, not watching but hearing with my naked eardrums.
Ivan said. “King Rex will return later in the day to inform his subjects of the new datum.”
Pretty rows of silver filled all three comfones.
I viewed the new battle field in the electronic game on my mini-bot, giggling for my fun and as, my normal acute vision watched a shiny cylinder trashcan-like machine glide through the archway to me.
“Mbot welcome.” I played on the mini-bot and won the golden ring of death against the flying rats.
Mbot droned. “Are you…”
I played on the game. “Mbot, do you recognize my face?”
Mbot hovered beside her temple with a mono-drone tone, “Affirmative! You are the first noble of Bonita, Lady Starra.”
I beat down on the buttons doing my war with the ocean serpents, stupidly asking. “So, why do you ask me who I am every time that I see you?” I pressed more buttons executing a chase on the fire-breathing dragons with my sword.
Mbot droned. “This is part of my programming to ask who you are each time that I meet you. It is a direct order by King Rex.”
I thumbed the sliding pedal, crashing in the draw bridge inside a flying automobile, and killing me and the dragon. “Redundant coding…”
Mbot droned. “I cannot comprehend your question so please rephrase, Lady Starra.”
I rode the tidal wave on my bike over the fiery beach. “Just continue with your programming, gimme the message.” I drove the magic carpet over the heated volcano and died.
Mbot droned. “Are you, Lady Starra?”
I leaped out from the car to the balcony to rescue the ugly monster, which kinda looked like Rex. “Yeah, the one and only!” I fought with my two folded fists the one-eyed monster that did look like Dirk. I giggled with amusement.
“King Rex has ordered a noble meeting the ninth hour, late morning. Attendance is required. No exceptions will be made.” Mbot flew butt-hole-backwards out the open door.
I turned to see that weird-o bot maneuver and stood, performing a Tele drop on the mini bot to the empty desk surface, stomping down the platform. I cursed with that undefined nasty word that I liked to use when heavily miffed, “Stang!” I sighed with annoyance.


9th hour (late morning)
Castle location of King Rex
Noble meeting committee setting
Cool temperatures with partly clouds


I drove my air ship and lived without a robot chauffeur, unlike some of the lucky nobles, since Bot was killed during the robbery, and found…created a parking spot on top of the newly growing grass in the parking lot of the royal castle.
I slid out seat and noted the overcrowded parking with curiosity and moved to the castle, down the familiar hallway and to the familiar noble room on the second level of the royal pain in the butt palace.
My cowgirl boots suddenly halted in the archway, staring at the blue colored uniforms that were packed in their sweaty body odor, stinking up the noble committee meeting room. I sighed with vomit.
I saw Bartholomew with Zak and beside Lad, who wore his ridicule military uniform.
The outfit design of Lad was last year’s Halloween costume. The uniform had a short blue coat which was cut off at his covered belly button which displayed a set of long coat tails which were flapping against his big buttocks in the rear. The jacket was draped with a set of dangling fringed golden ropes of tassels on both his shoulder pads and it was also decorated in funny colorful cloth patches of both woodlands and animals with numerous colorful dangling silver and gold medals and assorted small vivid stick pins. Lad paired the jacket with a pair of tight white pants that were neatly tucked down in a pair of black polished knee boots, exhibiting his sleek fashion style around to the military sites with Rex as Ivan kicked his fanny off the star ship for all citizens admire or laugh.
I moved and struggled between numerous elbows, pressing my back spine against the purple wall paint in the overcrowded smelly room. I sighed with irritation.
The door opened.
Rex moved and stood at a newly etched wooden podium, talking to the wood, since he was short. “This information is labeled as classified top secret. The twenty Sickness patients are missing.” I sighed with approval.
“Maybe, they recovered and walked out of hospital.” One of the many nameless officers shouted in the overcrowded room.
I sounded with a lady snort of bad taste with Zak.
Bartholomew scanned the room for the disrespectful sound and the disrespectful officer.
Lad played with his tassel.
Rex sneered to his pretend believe army of regular citizens. “The only cure for the Sickness is death. They’re gone and vanished, missing like a smoke of dust.”
The expression was a cloud of smoke, as the earthlings said.
The boots shuffled against the tiles with numerous soft taps.
I stared at Rex with a huff of angry and giggled with delight of my deep dark secret.
A nameless officer shouted. “Sire, did an illegal ship cart them away in the middle of the night during the thunderstorm without our knowledge?”
I giggled, slapping my hand over my smiling lips, hiding my other secret answer. I sighed with spying.
Rex shouted, scanning the room with his eyeballs, “OPS?”
I jumped, hitting my shoulder blades against the wall, clearing my throat for fun. “No ships reported to arrive or to depart the planet, last night, sire or sir or sorry…”
Rann’s ship was not listed on the official OPS communication report, because I checked this morning, so I didn’t really lie. I sighed with deceit.
Rex parked both of his folded fists on his blue uniform and as his medals sounded with a ding and his face distorted into ugly colors of red and blue. “Does that clarify my problem? I want the missing patients to be found right now. Or I will be hanging twenty officers from my gallows in the Stadium, tomorrow. Dismissed!” He swung around and exited the room, first and the rows of boots exited, second.
I followed behind the back spine of Zak, holding the hand of Bartholomew smiling with silliness as I might be rescuing more anxious citizens, tonight.


10th hour (mid-day)
Castle location of Baron Bartholomew
Dining room setting for the lunch meal
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine


I drove inside Bartholomew’s air ship to his castle and lunched with Ivy and Zak also at the eating table. I ate and stared at the nose profile of Bartholomew, who made me very happy, and did not bother listening to the leading topic from the busy bodies mouths either.
Ivy said with a smile and a nod, holding her fork of fork in the air. “I’m happy that they escaped. Someone in this town is a good Samaritan.” She ate her food.
That’s me.
I admitted in silence agreement in my head, grinning and chewing my food with my lips closed.
“I’d say an angel was sent down from heaven.” Zak said with a grin and a nod, holding his steak knife in the air, cutting the meat, eating and chewing the food.
A much better description of me, ya’ll.
I grinned, chewing the food.
Bartholomew turned with a sour frown, holding both his fork of food and his steak knife of sharpness in the air “Starra, you are awfully quiet. You are usually, so opinioned.”
“Naw!” I mouth spat the food particles in disgust and fury, chewing and swallowing the lump of food and scratched my itchy nose. “Opinioned? I am not opinioned. I have a lot of different viewpoints and points of viewing. Anyways, I’m happy that the patients have mysteriously disappeared…like Ivy told. Right, Ivy!”
Ivy stood from the table, checking her wrist watch as all the eye balls watched her check her wrist watch. She looked up with a smile to see Bartholomew and Zak, not Starra. “I apology. I’m needed at the hospital. Everyone have a nice day. Goodbye!”
Zak stood and held her hand, saying with a smile and a nod to Bartholomew and Starra. “I must return to the food warehouse and solve the next crisis.” They swung and moved to the front porch.
Bartholomew leaned to Starra, sweet breathing with a silly grin on her cheekbone. “I’m traveling to Agri this morning. Why don’t you come with me, Starra?”
I swallowed the lump of food, smiled with a nod, bouncing my boot toes underneath the table. “I’d love to see your home planet.”


11th hour (early afternoon)
Planet Agri
Castle location of Baron Bartholomew
Outdoor walking pathway setting
Blue sky with white clouds and yellow sun
Warm temperatures with mild breeze and humid air


The planet of Agri swirled in outer space in the colors of dark and light green, dark and light blue colors from the stratosphere. I could see lots of mountain ranges, small oceans, crop valleys, numerous single homesteads for both citizens and livestock. Surrounding the castle, I viewed miles of asymmetric rows of green fields, columns of gold, and yellow crops of wheat, corn, soybeans, hay, and green hilly pasture lands, filled with cattle, horses, goats, lamas, sheep, and plenty of red dirt terrain of unplowed fields with blue waters, forming numerous ponds, lakes, two seaside ports for transporting crops, and livestock from earth by star ship into the outer space.
My heart swelled with happiness, missing my farm of plants, flowers, bushes, trees, animals, and family members on Earth. I sighed with sadness.
Bartholomew piloted through the clouds and perfectly landed on the dirt pad, popping his hatch and ran around the bumper of the zipper, extracting Starra by his hand from the ship.
Bartholomew and I walked and strolled down a foot path of tall over story trees, leading to a gravel foot path to a big house.
I held the hand of a true gentleman and a fellow romantic of forest life. I sighed with delight.
I immediate sniffed the odors of the sweet honeysuckles, the ripped strawberries, and the fresh flower fragrances, walking down the yellow colored brick road which was lining with shaded trees that danced over the zillion flowers of roses, daisies, lilies, marigolds, and violets as tiny brown squirrels peek and boo our path to the house. Red and blue birds navigated a welcoming aerial danced as the tabby felines flew from the ground and into the sky, chasing their future supper.
Bartholomew stopped and bent, tenderly slapping the collar bone of the farm worker with a friendly exchange. “Good morn, Nic! How ya doing this beautiful day?”
“Doing very well, Baron! The flowers are blooming early from the cool showers this month. Good morning, miss?” Nic turned with a nod and a smile to see Starra.
I said with a nod and a grin to him. “Good morn to you, also!”
Nic swung around and started planting a new set of red tulips in the dirt flower bed.
Bartholomew and I strolled to the entrance of mansion which looked like an earthquake had smashed three separate distinct houses together and formed an ugly sprawling castle, consisting of wood fresh green logs, natural silver limestone, and red clay bricks. All the green paint was smeared over all the wooden trimmings. Then they stomped on the front porch which was lined with four rocking chairs on each side with a double framed wooden squared archway painted in dark green too.
Bartholomew slid in the archway scooting to the foyer of mint green, matching the color theme of the baron’s ancestry.
I learned from the big fat red coloring book. Yeah, I studied.
The first noble was really stupid.
Okay. I meant to explain that the first nobles escaped from planet Earth in a big rush or maybe they were kicked off planet Earth. I was still researching for that true answer. Yeah. Bot did not know the answer from his computer databanks either.
Anyways, the first nobles could only bring certain stuff like family members, foodstuffs, animals, flowers and a few cans of paint. So, the nobles designated their claims on parts of nature they liked and painted their specific color on their tree bark, across their red dirt, and along their limestone, and at their family outhouse.
When a person landed on top of an alien planet, there were not a lot of brand new structures to occupy only the tree leaves, earth soil, fresh creeks, and lots of bird crap. So, each noble selected one color to mark their territory like a woof dog and entitled their persons after a royal-tee. Baron was green. King was purple. Count was white. Marquis was indigo. Lord was chartreuse. Priest was blue. Viscount was silver. Duke was yellow. Prince was gold.
And I digressed back to the present.
I scanned with my silver tinted eyeballs the floor, the walls, the ceiling, the wall trimmings, the staircase, and the other furniture pieces in all painted shades of the color green like my throat vomit when sick.
A tint of fair color skin, a body of queen-sized, and a bun of black hair with gray strands slammed into Bartholomew and as, she said with a smile and a nod. “Hello, honey.”
Hello, honey! I curled my lip which was not a good pose for my pretty face and sounded with a lady sneer, flexing my newly manicured nails.
Bartholomew giggled and wiggled in her shifting hands going across his back spine, lifted his torso and rolled her to his side, turning with a grin and a chuckle to see Starra. “Good afternoon to you too, Maria! Starra, I want you to meet my lady of the house.”
My heart dropped down to the pink painted toe nails as my eyeballs dizzied on her ugly face. Rosa, Rann, Rex, Rita, Dirk, Bot, or Bartholomew had never #!@ing mentioned a wife.
Maria slapped his chest, saying with a giggle and a smile. “If ya mean, am I the lady that does the cooking, cleaning, ironing, laundering, and tidying for B.A.? That’s me.” She helped keep both the home and the baron running smoothly. I clapped, nodding with a smile, extending a hand for my acceptance of her domestic duty.
“Maria, this is my friend.” Bartholomew pointed to Starra.
Marie touched Starra’s fingers. “I’m not blind, B.A. Everyone knows Lady Starra. A pleasure to finally meet you, Lady Starra! Baron has been selfish for too long.” She did not release the fingers but continued to smile and nod to Starra.
I tried to pull away, faking a smile and a lady grunt. “The pleasure is mine, Maria. Thank you for the wonderful introduction to your homestead.” Maria clapped both her warm palms around Starra’s hands, smiling with a nod.
Bartholomew pulled Starra from Maria, cuddling her, saying with a nod and a smile. “We’re going riding see ya later, Maria.” He turned with a smile to see the nose profile of Starra. “Forget the house tour, now. I want to introduce you to my best friend in the universe.” I sighed with surprise.
Bartholomew dragged Starra out the back door, over the bricked patio, by the swimming pool, the rose garden, the miles of stone wall, and into the green painted wooden barn with many red colored horse stalls. Faces of horses and ponies peered outside seeing the newest visitors. Bartholomew stopped as the white head appeared, stroking and patting the silky white colored mane. “This is Boe, my stallion.” The steed was a white Appalachian breed. I presented my closed fist and opened it, showing a bright red apple, sliding it to his muzzle. Bartholomew chuckled.
I smiled. “Hello, Boe!” The horse sniffed the ripped fruit and bit into the skin, jerking the thick pink tongue back to his open mouth, crashing with big horse teeth as juice sprayed my hand and my turtleneck. I giggled with delight. “We’re friends for life.”
Bartholomew turned with a smile to see the nose profile of Starra. “O. You’re familiar with horses. Can you ride, Starra?”
I said with a nod and a laugh. “I’ve been around horses all my life. I enjoy riding and jumping over streams and fences.”
Bartholomew frowned. “I didn’t realize Bonita had horse ranches. I was taught that the soil was to dry to form fertile pasture lands.”
I parted my lips, staring at Boe. I was a fake native of Bonita, not an alien from Earth. I looked around the stables. “I’m from the south region of my planet. Ya know that there are a few patches of green grass for at least one or two horses.” I turned with a frown to the wall, searching for that creepy cockroach. “Where are the saddles?”
“I see.” Bartholomew said with a puzzled frown, staring at her nose profile.
Another white head emerged from the next horse door stall, a smaller Appalachian horse.
Bartholomew side stepped and gently stroked her white colored mane, saying with a chuckle and a nod. “This is Doe, his sister. They’re twins.”
I side stepped and produced a second red apple in my left hand. When we passed the apple tree, during our whisk stroll, I grabbed two apples with my telekinesis. I smile. “Hi there, girl. Want to be my friend, too?”
Bartholomew said with a chuckle and a nod, staring at her nose profile. “You’re good.” Doe ate the apple, stomping her front hoofs for more food as I magically produced a new apple in right palm. Doe quickly nibbled the fruit, shaking her head up and down with horsey approval. Bartholomew turned with a grin to the standing stable boy. “Gus, we’re ready for riding.”
“Yes, Baron!” Gus said with a nod and moved to escort Doe out of her stall. He and Doe walked from the stall to the open meadow of grass, holding her bridle, stroking her forehead for Lady Starra to climb onto the horse.
Doe stood in grass beside a step stool for Starra to mount the steed, since the beasts were decorated with their saddles. Bartholomew moved to Doe, holding the hand of Starra, assisting her on the step stool like a gentleman. She stepped up on the small stool and he man-lifted her in the air with his biceps.
I straddled the saddle with my legs, smiling with a giggle at the gentleman of the universe. I graciously accepted his generosity, but I could have leaped in the saddle by my T-power without falling off. I giggled with fun romantic having a boyfriend who was so sweet and kind to me. I desperately desired to tell the truth about me, an alien from planet Earth. Well, I would do it tomorrow. The weather was too pretty of a day and too wonderful of a moment for me. I sighed with motive. Gus handed Starra the reins as she accepted. I sat on top of the horse, watching and waiting.
Bartholomew ran and sorta leaped sideways on Boe, climbing up and in the saddles, wiggling his tallness side to side. He accepted the reins from Gus too, spinning the head of Boe toward a flower garden.
Doe walked beside her brother Boe stomping through the wild flowers and the moss-covered wooden gates, down in the open green pasture field, underneath the tall trees and hiking down a worn foot path to the woodlands mountain. Then Doe instantly fells behind Boe which blocked our light chats as Bartholomew pointed to the left and to the right, calling out and identifying every single tree, bird, flora, bush, and rock.
And I ignored him.
My eyeballs saw purple, pink, orange, and yellow wild flowers and tall trees of oak, maple, and pine. There were robins, bluebirds, sparrows, and eagles that were sitting or flying. There were wood peckers hammering out an old dead tree trunk for a new home along with the snoozing owls, flying squirrels, and a few cute white tail deer. The deer carefully watched us and suddenly realized that there might be a couple of wild bears or hunting cougars.
Boe slowed allowing Doe to trot beside him as we traveled down the mountain path with easy.
Then Boe stopped on the top of mountain peak as Doe pulled up beside him.
I saw everything on the highest point of the mountain top, whispering like a set of delicate butterfly’s wings and not wanting to disturb the beauty. “This is breathtaking.” My eyeballs took a photograph of the thousands of tall green trees which surrounded a winding blue sparkling river. The river split and ran down a hill into numerous ponds as flying colored birds soared down to the water for food. The wildflowers danced with the wind to a silence song. Bartholomew leaned to her cheekbone, whispering with a grin. “This is only a fraction of my world, Starra.”
I choked on with the fond memories of my plantation which could match this alien world, feeling the thousands of fluttering pretend butterflies in my tummy. My beating heart tried to knock out of my chest cavity.
Bartholomew touched my hands over the horn of the saddle, saying with a smile and a nod. “I want to show you another spot.” He spun around, kicking the belly of Boe and leading to a side pathway.
I could not take my eyeballs off the blue shimmering lake and the rainbow colored waterfall, where flying yellow fish splashed down in the water which was untouched nature growing with overhanging trees. Bartholomew and I on top of the horses strolled through the fantasy land of Agri with the glistening blue lakes, singing birds, dancing wildflowers, and deep green willow trees tickle the nose holes with delightful odors.
Bartholomew and I on the top of the horses crossed a moss covered wooden bridge which had been freshly patched with new pine lumber from repair. Horse hoofs ticked and tapped over the wood planks to a secret place which housed a tiny crooked stream between two intersecting trees with a picnic table perfect for two people.
Bartholomew leaned to her cheekbone, sweet breathing with a grin. “Mom and I spent our bonding time in this place.” Boe stopped first and then Doe pulled up beside her brother. He hopped down from the horse and ran to Starra, assisting her off the horses. She stood in the grass. He slid off both saddles from their back spines, landing them on top of a post railing which kept the moisture of water off the leather.
The horses dropped their muzzles down and munched on the grass blades as Bartholomew dropped his bee-hind to the grass, whipping of his boots.
I giggled, landing on my fanny and removed my boots, to boot.
Bartholomew and I stood on the grass, holding hands and walking in our bare feet over the tender grass and moved to the water, playfully splashing in the shallow stream as cool water which refreshed both my feet and my emotions with ease and pleasure.
Bartholomew softly talked about his home, his planet, and his galaxy as I carefully listened and felt a desperately desire to tattle about my home, my planet, and my galaxy too. I sighed with alien.
And I did not.
He unloaded the saddle bags, laying out a blanket over the grass and a basket of food like a servant as I stood like an alien princess. Then he grabbed my hand and assisted me down to the blanket.
They sat and ate on top of blanket and ate and laughed into each other’s face.
Then he wiped off the food crumbs from his hands and pulled Starra in his chest as I leaned against the silky shirt with our bare naked toes in the shallow creek.
Bartholomew said with a smile and a nod, stroking her arms. “My grandfather had a vision for all of Agri and her citizens to share in all the planet’s resources and treasures setting up a democracy within Rex’s world.”
I said with a smile. “My grandfather was a visionary also.”
He wrinkled his forehead, saying with a sour frown. “Rosa said that you were orphaned as a baby.”
I flipped my face to the tree roots, searching for that creepy cockroach. I wished that Rosa had supplied me the Christmas list of lies that she had spread, before she died, because I could not recant and retract every freak fairy tale. I sighed with dishonesty.
I pulled away and turned with a fake smile to see his sour face. “She told me narratives of my deceased family members to help me find my identity and importance as a Bonitian citizen. Rosa is, was my mother, father, sister, brother, aunt, uncle, and cousin all rolled into one.” I nodded with a stupid grin. I sighed with worry.
Bartholomew blinked his eyelids, parting his lips. “I see.” He exhaled with a huff of confusion, saying. “My business associates enjoy the benefits of my grandfather’s hard work too. I stride hard to follow my grandfather’s objectives every day. Rann…”
“Rann?” I gasped, “I thought…you seem more like enemies than friends.”
Bartholomew pursed his lips, saying with a sour frown and a sour tone. “I do not approve of Rann’s methods socially that is, but economically he supports my rebel ideas.”
I said with a sour frown. “Do you not find that strange or odd?”
Bartholomew shook his skull. “No. Should I? He is a noble who is truly without any noble blood, of course. But Rann is noble in his heart and does a good job with the convicted prisoners.” I nodded in silence as he Bartholomew turned with a sad frown to the see the stream of water. “All of that doesn’t matter, now. War has started.”
I exhaled with a puff of worry too, looking down to see the stream of water also. “Do you trust Rann?”
“No.”
“Then you believe him to be the enemy?” I turned with a puzzled brow to see his nose profile on a stern face.
“No.”
“Do you trust Rex?”
“Yes.” He turned with a smile, grabbing and holding her hands to his chest, “Starra.” He exhaled like he was going to vomit and softly said. “I can here. I became infatuated with you at the Game admiring your beautiful face, elegant grace, and witty charm, but I have learned to respect your strong willpower and mental strength. I have never met another person in the galaxy quiet and quite like you, Lady Starra.”
He released her hand and fiddled inside the pocket on his trouser, pulling out a tiny black velveteen box out. The box lid sounded with a crack and revealed a great big fat glittery diamond ring. He moved and stood on his kneecaps in the stream of water holding the ring his left hand. He caressed both my hands with his right finger pads then confesses. “I give this ring as a show of my continuous love, affection, and devotion to you, sweetheart. I want you to be the only Baroness of Agri, darling. Lady Starra, I love you, will you please marry me?”
He smiled and slipped the ring on my left hand as my heart swiftly thumped. My hands rapidly sweated and my neurons clicked that he loved me. I was Earthling Starra, not really Lady Starra or Commander Starra. And I, too, was in love with Bartholomew.
And they said love made you deaf, mute, and blind, and stupid dumb, because I almost had forgotten to answer his marriage proposal as I nosily cleared out the mouth salvia. I said with a smile and a nod. “Yes.” I kissed his lips foreverly.


18th hour (late evening)
Planet Commerce
Castle location of Lady Starra
Full romantic moon setting
Cool temperatures and bright stars with light breeze


I smiled and sung love songs in off-key music of flute and clarinet musical notes driving the air ship to my castle, of course, it was after the Agri mini-party with Bartholomew and the house staff, until he brought me back to planet Commerce for my solo trip to my castle. I loved living here and was happy, looking forward to marrying Bartholomew on planet Agri in his mansion. I will become Baroness Starra, soonest.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything is fine, darling.
I parked the ship in the garage and moved inside the house, jogging up the stairs and into the bathroom for peeing, bathing and dressing in a pink dress.
I felt refreshed, slowly strolling down the stairs of my big and empty house, moving and stopped at the solo sofa which was a gift from Rex, stretching out on the sofa fabric and admired my great big fat four caret shiny and glittery engagement ring. And it fit my ring finger on my left hand with perfection. I sighed with total happiness.
The front porch door burped like fog horn which suddenly reminded to fix the thing as I jumped from the sofa, running to the wood, slamming off the nails, and saw an unhappy Zak and Bartholomew, who wore an ugly frown.
I said with a sad frown too. “What has happened?”
Bartholomew stepped in the room, whispering with a sad tone to her face. “Ivy has contracted the Sickness. She is inside the isolation ward at the new hospital.” I turned with a worried brow to see Zak as his tears rolled down his face with fear, fright, and confusion. Bartholomew continued. “We just came from the ward. They told us to go home and…”
I parted my lips, grabbing and jerking his arm inside my castle. “Come inside, ya’ll.” They stumbled over the tiles as I stood in the archway and double checked the outside grounds for any of Rex’s spies, back stepping and slamming the wood shut and locked the latch. I swung around and moved to Bartholomew.
Zak said with a sad tone. “Rex is going to kill her along with the others tomorrow,” he back stepped into the solid wall, leaning his tallness against the coolness of the fresh paint.
I said with a lady growl, “That ain’t happening on my watch! Follow me now!” I grabbed a forearm of each male dragging them to the kitchen, standing in front of my home comlen.
“What are we going to do, Starra?” Zak looked down to the floor, rolling tears over his face and the floor.
Bartholomew stared down at my dirty floor too. As I typed 1313 which was my private comfone number and waited for one second, two seconds.
His face appeared on her comlen and as Dirk said with a sneer of non-love. “Starra, I thought you dead.”
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, saying with a princessly command. “Wrong, snot nose! Put Rann on the line now!”
Dirk curled his lips into ugliness but did not improve his appearance. “Who shall I say is calling, Lady Starra or Commander Starra?”
I said with a sweet smile and a sweet accent. “That’s Empress Starra to you…”
“Promoted already, that’s fast.” He laughed.
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, saying with a lady sneer and a nod. “Usually by assassination or attrition, do you wanna try one?” The comlen showed a golden tinted wall.
Dirk had disappeared from the comlen and my eyeballs and hopefully forever more would be really nice as I noted that the man did not like me. And I did not like him either. Our battle was coming soonest as my Tele powers worked too perfectly. I sighed with trouble.
Rann appeared with a smile, seeing the nose profiles of my two guests, reducing his lips to a slight smirk, and introduced with noble proper. “Good evening Lady Starra, Baron Bartholomew, and Baronet Zak. What can I do for you this pleasant evening?” He did a good job with the social grace of suave rouge.
I cut my eyeballs to Bartholomew, who was not smiling and stared at Rann. Zak leaned his tallness against the kitchen for support and was too sad about his wife.
I connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to Rann: Play along!
Rann slightly bowed his chin, after receiving her Tele warning as I faked it for both Bartholomew and Zak to hear and to follow. I said with a smile and a nod. “Prince Rann, good evening! I hope you are doing well on this superb lovely evening. I’m so sorry to disturb your peaceful rest, but King Rex has given me the monumental task of monitoring the food shipments from Agri to your home world of Sahara. I need confirmation of the data before the shipment is loaded. I have BA and Zak to supervise the correct order.” I picked up my dead mini-bot, tapping with my finger for the spies who were monitoring this transmission. “I have noticed that you are to receive two shipments of food stuffs from Agri for the refugees living on Sahara. I show the tally of eighty refugees. Is this correct, Prince Rann?” I looked up with a smile.
Rann pretended really well also flipping through his dead mini-bot, looking up with a grin and a nod to Starra. “I concur with your figure, Lady Starra. There are eighty refugees living with me on Sahara. But I have requested three shipments of food stuffs for free. These people have very high demands and needs.” He cut his eyeballs to Bartholomew, presenting a big smirk. “Wouldn’t you agree, B.A.?”
Bartholomew shuffled his body closer to Starra, pressing his three fingers to her left arm for confirmation of the three shipments of food to the evil noble prince.
I said with a sweet smile and a nod. “I’m in error, Prince Rann. It is indeed three shipments of free food. The freighters will be arriving at the usual drop point location at the Wall. Could you please verify the coordinators with me?”
“The coordinators are 813.90.” Rann said with a smile and a nod for the extra shipments of free food and without the high price tag from Rex.
I said with a sweet smile. “The free Agri food shipments will arrive at the Wall in four hours.” I quickly calculated the pickup of the new set of Sickness patients undetected, departing Commerce untracked, and arriving at the Wall unnoticed to greet Rann on time, before I was discovered.
Rann bowed his chin to her. “I’ll see you in four hours, Starra.”
Bartholomew smashed his face to the comlen like he was attacking Rann, tossing Starra to the side, saying with a sneer. “Lady Starra is not allowed to leave the planet, Rann. There’ll be only the food shipment personnel at the rendezvous point for your free three ships of Agri product.” I sighed with competition.
Rann sneered and did not like being treated less than a prince, quickly changing his sneer to a smirk, sliding his face to the side, looking for Starra, and said with a smile to her. “Thank you for that clarification. I’ll talk with you, again, Lady Starra, Baron Bartholomew, and Baronet Zak. Rann out!” Static painted on the comfone.
Zak moved faster than lightning to her face, bad breathing into her freckles. “What do you think you’re doing, Starra? You contact Rann, the enemy of Rex for assistance…”
I desired to shout back to him saving your wife, but I refrained with a teenly giggle, since I was committing yet another illegal act.
Geez! This was becoming a bad habit. I sighed with control.
I exhaled with a puff of worry, saying with a meek timber. “You don’t want to know. Or you’ll be in serious trouble too. Trust me on this, Zak.” I grabbed a forearm of each male, turning and dragging them out the kitchen through the living room tile and to the front door. I released them and opened the archway, turning with a stern face to each male. “BA. Zak. Time for both of ya’ll to leave. Go someplace with citizens like back to the Family Support Center in the royal castle for the Sickness patients. I want you to be seen and heard. That’ll be your alibi. Ivy will need a bodyguard and a med tech for her protection. Is that possible, B.A.?” I mentally plotted out the supplies and the staff that I could not steal quickly enough by myself. I sighed with concern.
Bartholomew said with a nod and a sad frown. “I’ll send them here in ten minutes.”
I exhaled with a puff of worry, saying with a fake smile and a fake sweet accent to each sad face. “Don’t worry. Everything’s going to be fine.” I stood my tippy toes and kisses his cheek and pulled back, shoving Bartholomew through the front door, slamming the wood shut and turned and ran up the stairs. I sighed with hope.
On top of the yellow cobblestone street with cool temperatures underneath a set of dull stars and partly cloudy sky, Zak moved to the air ship, sliding into the passenger seat as Bartholomew slid and drove his air ship down an empty street.
Zak turned with a sour frown to see the nose profile of Bartholomew, saying with both worry and fury. “Do you trust her, completely, Bartholomew?”
Bartholomew drove and did not turn to see Zak, saying with a nod and a sour frown. “Completely!”
Zak nosily sighed and deeply breathed, saying with a worried brow. “If Starra is caught, she will be sentenced to death for treason and your sister will die….”
Bartholomew drove and shook his skull, saying with a sad frown. “If she failures, then lots of people will die, and not necessarily by the Sickness, Zak.”
Zak nodded, riding the air ship back to the royal castle of Rex, recalling with fear.
Every citizen knew the first law: an act of treason against Rex was death by hanging from the gallows in the stadium.
Inside my home, I entered my room and changed into my favorite outfit the fashion trend of a black turtleneck, a black skirt, and my cowgirl boots, hearing a loud tap at front door. I turned and executed a Tele dash off the floor of my bedroom, flying a few inches off the floor, going down the stairs, across the room, and landed in front of the door, a much faster method of moving.
I slammed opened the wood, seeing two men and a woman as I motioned to enter, ordering with a stern face. “Good evening, I’m Starra. You don’t need to know the details of our mission just follow my orders and everything will go as planned.” They nodded their skulls in silence as Bartholomew had selected both a team of dedicated and obedient staff. I sighed with security.


Hospital lawn location
19th hour (late evening)
Cold temperatures with dull stars and partly cloudy sky


I led them out my back yard, through the dark woods, down the old hiking trail to the outskirts of weeds and flowers to the secret underground passage of the hospital, and halted.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I executed a Tele view, seeing a blocked trap door instead of my man-made mess from last night. And I should have anticipated Rex’s next move, but I did not.
So I switched to Plan B, the frontal assault, motioning forward to follow me as we passed the pretty newly implanted red and pink flower bed at the entrance of the old castle, entering quietly and halted. I turned to see the big nostrils of the biggest man, saying with a stern tone. “Act normal. We’re visiting our relative.” I sighed with plot-ness.
I led the team inside, finding the information desk empty and the same for nurse’s station, and the family reception lounge. Then I led them down an empty corridor to the isolation ward and halted.
I closed my eyelashes, and performed a Tele probe with my telepathy, scanning the rest of building for any body heat, finding one several feet ahead and around the corner of isolation ward.
I slowly moved my elite commando team to the wall intersection and gracefully pirouette as my skirt swirled with cuteness. I thumbed behind my collar bone, whispering. “There are two guards located at the entrance to the isolation ward.” I pulled out the four weapons and my cute utility gun belt that I created this evening from a purse shoulder bag, looking up to see worried brows. “Do ya’ll know how to use a maser?”
He pointed with a puzzled brow down at the maser and shook his skull. “I do not, Lady Starra. Masers are illegal to own and carry as a citizen.”
I said with a wicked grin and a nod, patting his hand. “It’s all right. We’re committing an illegal act, as well.” I stared to each somber face that was too serious like my Tele mates during Tele Orientation many moons ago. And I was committing yet another illegal act for a third time. I sighed with secret.
I striped the gun belt around my waist and holstered the two masers into their new twin leather casings, looking up with a stern face. “Watch and learn, children!” I gracefully swirled as my skirt twirled in a circle, smiling and marching to the sleepy military soldiers at the sentry table, saying with a sweet smile and a sweeter accent. “Good evening, gentlemen.”
The left guard opened one eyelid and two eyelids, slowly reaching for his maser, staring at the unknown girl.
I raised both my palms into the air and wiggled all my finger pads with a grin and a giggle. “Please, I come in peace. And I mean you no harm.” Because, I came here to kidnap all of the Sickness patients. So, could you get the front door for me also? Yeah right, baby! I snapped back into reality and then jerked both masers out from each holster with a cupped hand aiming, firing two sets of blue stunner waves at each guard. A direct hit on the left posed guard as he stood upright from the chair and then fell down across the table surface with a soft thud. The right one dropped down onto the newly mopped and polished floor with a soft swish. “I wish you, joy and peace, tonight. Enjoy your nap, boys!” I sighed with feat.
I moved to the tiny window on the isolation door, spotting and counting six more med techs who were attending the numerous Sickness patients. “Stang! More work than I needed tonight.” I performed a Tele slam on the door, opening and firing numerous blue rays from my twin masers at the hired help and mentally counted one, two, three, four, five, and six citizens. They were sleeping like little babies upon the floor, until they awoken tomorrow with a series of splitting migraine headaches. I faced the open door and executed a Tele yell to my team. “All clear!” I sighed with determination.
They ran around the corner, surrounding Starra.
I fingered the nose profile of the short male, ordering, “You.”
“Kao,” he said with a nod and a stern face.
I ordered. “Get the ship. Park it near the woods. And no running lights.” He nodded, leaving my eyeballs. I fingered the nose profile of the tall female, “You.”
“Fay.” She said with a nod and a smile.
I commanded. “Check on Ivy and secure all patients for transport!” She nodded, rushing to Ivy first. I fingered the chest of the tallest male, “You.”
“Lin.” He said with a nod and a stern face too.
I ordered. “Come with me!” I swung the open door.
He pulled up beside her, noting that she was in charge.
This was so much more fun than obeying orders, ya’ll. I pitched him my shoulder bag and turned, leading down the empty hallway to the proper door. I could see that the tunnel was neatly sealed with three inches of steel one fourth diameter bolts along with a new slab of white cement between the visible grooves of the door, compliments of Rex’s new handy work. I said with a lady sneer. “I’m going to get you for this, Rex.” I sighed with work.
I executed a Tele fling with my telekinesis, waving both hands parallel staring from the bottom wood to the top of the door, making a pop of each bolt and a crack of each hold in the concrete on the make-shift door as it shattered with a bang into a thousand and once small pieces of white snowflakes and then it nosily dropped over the fall with a boom.
“Move it to the bathroom.” I ordered to Lin, watching the male lift the heavy door without a grunt. I could have done that too but I needed my full Tele strength for the sixty patients in the isolation ward. I march into the darkness, ordering. “We need lights.” I had planned this phase of my plan too, since the free staff did not possess a set of Tele eyeballs to see in the dark like me.
Lin pulled a set of small portable lights from my bag and nosily stamped a metal to the ceiling as the working light brightened instantly.
I said as Lin worked behind my bee-hind. “I’ll be at the end of the hallway creating an exit door for our escape.”
Lin nodded in silence, continuing his devoted work.
I jogged down to the trap door and saw more new construction, compliments of Rex, saying with a lady sneer and a growl. “More work.”
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I executed a Tele punch with my invisible Tele hand, breaking two holes through the thin concrete surface, sailing the cement pieced high to the sky, well, to the tree limbs as it slammed into the tree, which awoke the mythological Bigfoot brought from planet Earth.
This was the reasonable explanation of why earthlings never found him.
Wow, I was awesome tonight.
I squatted, peeking out my new hidey hole, seeing a single freight ship for the food shipment land in the far distance from the trap door entrance, noting a single shadow on the right side of the ship. I performed a Tele sight, seeing that Kao was jumping out and running from the ship to the trap door. Then I heard a grunt from Lin behind, ordering. “Join Kao at the ship. Wait for me at the ship bay.”
He scooted around Starra, running to the ship.
I stood, jogging back down the well-lighted golden tinted hallway, up the steps, and into the ward, noting Fay was efficient. 
Inside the Isolation Ward, each Sickness patient was medically prepped and ready for departure. I moved in the middle of the crowded room, ordering to her. “Run out of the ward to the side door on the left, down the steps, out the underground tunnel, and connect with Lin and Kao at the ship. Wait for me to bring the first Sickness patient to the docking bay which will be Baronetess Ivy, first.”
Fay did not move, dropping her mouth, and wrinkled her forehead and exhaled with a puff of confusion, nodding in silence to Starra. She turned and left the isolation room.
I turned with a stern face to see Ivy, extending my arms, wiggling my fingers, and performed a Tele lift as the bed cot and Ivy slowly rose from the clean floor in the air by a few inches, slowly traveling over the air and through the open archway.
Her bed cot floated down the empty hallway, turning into the second archway, soaring down the steps and through the underground passageway to the ship.
Through my Tele vision, the ship bay doors were open and the bay was empty. 
I flew the bed cot to the far corner, gently performing a Tele drop, and settled her in the wall corner.
Then I performed a Tele lift, a Tele fly, and a Tele land fifty-nine more times, jogging behind the last bed cot, wiping off the pretend dust and dirt.
Within the cover of the forest woodlands inside the freighter ship on top of the docking bay, I jogged through the grass beside the last Sickness patient and stepped into the ship bay. Lin and Kao were wrapping the patients with blankets for the cold and dark outer space trip as Fay was checking the pulse and heart rate of each Sickness patients. I stood in the archway, saying with a stern face. “I count sixty. What’s your count, Fay?”
Fay turned with a nod and a smile to see her. “There are sixty Sickness patients in total, Starra.”
I said with nod to each devoted business partner of Bartholomew. “Excellent job, everyone. Prepare for an immediate takeoff. It’s going to be rough too. Belt in. Don’t panic. We need a fast escape from Commerce.” I tried not to panic my ship mates and ready them for the next stage of my impromptu plot as they nodded in silence agreement. Bartholomew had chosen a brave lot of folks to protect his sister Ivy, and the other Sickness patients. I was very pleased and proud of them. I sighed with victory.
I shifted through the bed cots to the front of the ship, crawling on fours (my palms and my kneecaps) behind Kao, entering a crawl tub to the cockpit as we separated into two chairs.
I settled and secured the safety webbing around my body, grabbing the driving stick, said with a smirk as the pilot. “Prepare for hyperspace!”
Kao sat as co-pilot and wore his safety webbing too, looking around the cockpit and stared at the nose profile of Starra. “Uh, Starra. I’m not trying to be a side seat driver, but we’re not powered up the engines.”
I bit back my snigger, flipping some manual switches on the dead ship, saying with a smirk. “You’re correct, Kao. This ship is…is specially equipped with a secretive type of engine still…still in the experimental stage.” I hoped that my nose did not grow any longer and covered my cheekbones on each side.
Kao cut his eyeballs to the console, pondering her stupid statement, saying with a puzzled brow. “I see.”
I grinned and giggled, because Bartholomew used that exact phrase when he was confused, after I had explained something that really did not make any common sense.
I grabbed the joy stick with my right flying hand, saying with a smile and a nod. “Ready.” I depressed the button, slapping the driving stick forward, since the gear mechanics were dead with my fake flying.
Kao stared at the bright stares, saying with a stern face and a nod. “Ready, commander.”
I executed a Tele lift, levitating the big ship from the dirt as the many tree limbs sounded with a set of numerous snaps against the metal haul.
We floated in the air as the ship moved both silently and deadly like a ghost over the green woodlands, the colorful noble castle through the white clouds, up to the stratosphere, and out to cold black outer space. I sighed with overconfidence.
I swung my curls to see Kao, smiling.
His eye balls cut to the right, then to the left and around the gears, then to the viewing window as he tried to figure out a flying ship without running the mechanical engines. I sighed with amusement.
Alien Day 16


1st hour (very early morning)
The Wall
Cold and black outer space with minus 1000°F
Bright stars of white and colored planets


“Come in unidentified flying object! This is Rann.” He said via the comfone, hovering inside his star ship on the other side of the Wall.
I flipped on the running lights to identify us the good guys as the freighter ship contained three orders of food, medicine, and the most important item the Sickness patients, instead of looking like the enemy.
Actually, I was still confused about the enemy. Yeah, Dirk was involved somehow and Rita was involved too. But, I was still working on my working theory. However, no one seemed to know who the enemy was, but everyone was paranoid in their own personal way.
Shoot before asking! The current motto circulated around military base at OPS.
I laughed at the silly slogan, but I did not desire to experience it, especially now, since I was concealing too many secrets and many more lies, again.
I could not afford to get hurt and did not desire to explain this illegal act to my fiancé or my superior military officer, since I was trusted by lots of citizens.
I wondered if Rann’s ships were armed with masers, since, now days both the nobles and the commoners alike were wearing weapons, such as, swords, daggers, spears, clubs, knives, and sabers on their persons, carrying them in their star vehicles, and housing them in their homes. This was a dangerous time in the universe for anyone without a permission slip to leave or depart a home, a planet or a ship. I sighed with disapproval.
I slowed and stopped, holding the freighter ship in black outer space, standing from my chair, ordering like an alien princess. “Kao, power up engines and wait for the Wall. Be patient with Rann. He is here to assist and he will fly ya’ll safely through enemy air space.”
He nodded, grabbing the driving stick as the co-pilot with one hand and extended his other to Starra.
I extended my hand, shaking his limb, saying with a nod and a smile. “You have exhibited bravery, courage, and guts in this most difficult circumstance. I’m very proud to have served with you, Kao. Good luck with your assignment. Rann will take good care of you. If he doesn’t then comfone me, I’ll come a-running. And I’ll inform Bartholomew of your loyal service to Ivy, the Sickness patients, and me.”
Kao shook her hand, saying with a nod and a smile. “I feel the same way, commander. Good luck and good bye.”
I pressed the button, opening the comlen, saying with a smile. “Rann, this is Starra. Please come in.”
Rann said via the comfone with a chuckle, “Starra, what a pleasant surprise! Have you accepted my invitation to visit Sahara, tonight?”
“Afraid not, I left home without permission. Mom and Dad are going to be really mad, if they find out.” I smiled as Rann laughed via comfone. I continued. “Your food shipments are delivered, so be very careful with your new precious merchandise, it spoils easily. Starra out!”
“I will. You be careful, as well. Rann out!” Static sounded with a slush over the comfone. I nodded for the last time to Kao, turning and crawling on fours including my two palms and my two kneecaps through the crawl tube to the launching pod, into my zipper, and flying back home to planet Commerce for sleep.


6th hour (early morning)
Castle location of King Rex
Noble committee meeting setting
Cold temperatures with bright sunshine


I had been summoned by another Mbot at my front door at the fifth hour, mid-morning to the royal castle. Now, I sat in the room with only the nobles and noblettes, watching and waiting for the message and the massager.
The door opened.
Rex strutted and stood at the table, saying with a sour frown and a matching tone to each noble. “This is going to be short. The sixty Sickness patients are missing along with the original twenty patients. I am decreeing a massive search of all buildings, businesses, schools, homes, and castles.” He swung around, leaving the room.
I yawned, slapping a hand over my parted pink pined lips, since I knew that shared information, feeling tired from late night to react to his stupid silly statement. I sat next to Bartholomew as his hand patted my forearm. I sighed with exhaustion.
Lad turned with a confused brow to each noble. “I don’t understand the purpose of the meeting.” Bartholomew turned with a sour frown to see Starra. “It is a warning to us, who are remaining nobles in the kingdom.”
Lad pursed his lips, whining like someone had stolen his shoulder tassels. “A warning? What is the warning about what?”
Zak turned with a sneer to see the nose profile of Starra, gritting his teeth. “Rex does not trust us anymore. He does not trust anyone in the universe.”
I looked down to my hands, pondering if Rex knew that I was a teen alien from Earth. I sighed with alien.


OPS building location
Office desk setting of Starra
7th hour (late morning)


I drove my air ship from the royal castle to the parking lot of OPS, getting out and moving to the doors. I halted in the archway, dropping and closing my mouth.
There were numerous military soldiers with their armed weapons, wearing their neatly ironed and pressed blue uniforms with a pretty yellow sash, scurrying back and forth in front of the offices and inside the hallways.
Ensign Bob moved and pulled up beside Starra, saying with a sneer. “They arrived about thirty minutes ago. They are the special group of auditors from the royal palace.” I sighed with angry.
The paranoid of Rex had invaded my private little universe too.
I recalled my secret space line. They were her to search and to seek the person who had been communicating secrets from OPS, which is General Starbelt. Let them find General Starbelt! She could not or would not or will not be traced back to Commander Starra.
I ordered to Bob. “Watch them. Stalk them. Shadow them until the royal infestation leaves here.” He nodded in silence acceptance and resumed his carefully watch assignment. I turned and moved through the door for home taking a vacation day. I sighed with exhaustion.


11th hour (early afternoon)
Castle location of Lady Starra
Kitchen setting with comfone
Warmer air temperatures with bright sunshine


I napped, bathed, peed, pookied, and ate lunch, leaving a messy kitchen for the kitchen fairies to clean, since I did not, could not, and was not getting a new, used, or abused bot from Lad. And I had begged, bribed, and bothered Lad on a daily since the start of the war, and maybe I should do it hourly.
The comfone sounded with a buzz. I pressed the button, since I stood in front of comfone after chatting with Lad about a service robot. I said with a grin. “Hello!”
Bartholomew appeared with a sad frown on the comfone. “Starra!”
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I pretended nothing was wrong. There was nothing wrong with me or for me.
“Bartholomew, hi. What’s up and out?” I hoped that it was not an invite for dinner this evening, since I was too pooped from the night rescues of the Sickness patients.
He said with a sad tone. “Starra, I have been…been wondering. I mean…mean thinking about my sister.” Okay. Bartholomew was not inviting Starra to dinner. And here it comes, the boom, ya’ll. Her Tele powers knew what he wanted, since Starra could not do it, being too soonest.
He cleared his throat, asking. “I want to talk to her, Starra. I need to see her. I need to hear her sweet voice.” He whined.
Wow! I wished that he had called about dinner and not Ivy and her survival trip to Sahara with Rann, pondering his request for one second, two seconds, three seconds…
I said with a stern face and a nod. “I will make the necessary arrangements, Bartholomew. I will speak with you about this tomorrow. Good afternoon.” I sighed with drudgery.
Rex was paranoid. Baron was sad. And Rann was going to kill me, after contacting him to demand for Bartholomew to see Ivy, regretting to help me.
I closed my eyelashes with a silent prayer and not bothering to Tele mind with Rann, because he would not, since I would not answer, as well.
I punched the comfone number 1313 into my personal comfone, seeing the silver static which became the face of Rann.
He greeted with a smile and a nod on the first buzz of his comfone, switching to a frown. “Starra, what’s wrong? You didn’t seem you usually joyful self.” His Tele powers were growing strong.
I stared into his dancing brown eyes and did not probe or warn with my Tele powers. “How are your guests doing, Rann?”
 He continued, saying with a smile and a nod. “The patients are doing well. This procedure has a survival rate of ninety percent. Unfortunately, some citizens can’t handle the stress of the mental mind merge. They die in their sleep.” I sighed with sadness.
Some patients did not survive the Sickness which made Rosa correct for about one tenth of a percentage point. And I did not need to hear this additional data, hoping Ivy was among the dead blue bodies. I sighed with courage.
“How’s Ivy?” I asked.
Rann smiled. “Ivy is conscious but very weak. I’ll start her mind training, tomorrow.”
“Thank goodness.” I sounded with a moan, faking my warm smile. I sighed with relief.
“I feel that you didn’t call just to chat about the condition of the Sickness patients?” He crossed his flexing biceps, staring at her.
Whoa, Rann was hot today. And I did not mean his body or his attire, staring without my wet hot tears of emotion and silently pleaded my mental question.
He pursed his lips. “Bartholomew wants to see his sister.”
Good job! Now, come up with an answer for the both of us. I faked a smile. “You’re good, Rann.”
He shook his skull with a worried brow. “Well, this creates a bit of a problem, Starra. How are we going to explain that Ivy lives when there is no known cure for the Sickness?” I sighed with frustration.
“Maybe, we should tell the truth.” I nodded.
“Bartholomew is the second most important man in the universe. He bases his executive decisions on facts and observations, not magic. I don’t think that he can comprehend the truth, Starra. He trusts Rex and his kingdom and believes in his cause.”
“He trusts you.”
“He tolerates me.”
“We’re starting back at square one. You said that Ivy is in a weaken state. Can she verbally express her post Tele experiences to anyone?”
“She cannot. Her brain functions are confused and befuddled with her new Tele experience. This is a normal reaction from the initial waking process of the coma state.”
“Can she recognize faces like family members?”
“She’s alert and identifies familiar objects, such like, flowers and teacups. Yes. She could recognize a face of a relative.” He said with a nod and a grin. “Excellent. This is our solution, Starra. We will let both Zak and Bartholomew view Ivy inside her hospital bed on Sahara, alive and well.”
“How do we explain her being cured of the Sickness?”
He exhaled with a huff of frustration. “Let us take one step at a time! Show Ivy to Bartholomew. Then we said that a miracle occurred.”
I smiled. “Everyone believes in miracles, right?”
“When do you want this encounter to occur?”
“Tomorrow, fourth, late afternoon.”
He nodded. “I’ll be expecting your space comfone transmission. Don’t worry this will all work out then you and I…”
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, saying with a sour frown. “Thanks for your help, Rann. Starra out!” I drowned my jumbled mental thoughts of single and available Rann.
Rann smirked. “Rann out!” Static painted in silver and black colors on the comfone.
I shook my curls, looking down to the dirty floor with deep worry about Ivy, Bartholomew, and Rann coming from Rex.


OPS building location
Office desk setting of Starra
8th hour (late morning)
Cool temperatures with parted clouds of sunshine


“Commander, report the situation to me?” Kona said with a sour frown and a matching tone, standing in front of Starra’s platform and staring down into Starra’s hair roots.
Her closed eyelashes continued to play on the screen of the mini-bot and as she continued to sit inside the metal chair on top of the elevated platform. However, her set of neurons were spying with attention on Kona.
He reached out and tapped into the mini-bot with a hand while staring down at the hair roots of Starra, appearing suspicion of a wrong doing or two.
You are the fool, man!
Now, let me see if I could annoy you, as much as, I could on this glorious and wonderful day, since I had received tons of good sleep, last night. I was in very high spirits, good humor, and fully charged with my Tele powers. I sighed with revenge.
I stared at my mini-bot, executing a Tele kick of my telepathy as I whispered into all the eardrums of my fellow co-workers around the building. “No illegal incoming or outgoing ships. No illegal intergalactic space transmissions. And no strange alien life forms from another galaxy.” I pressed the button to the next level of the fun game as my tele eardrums picked up the numerous snickers from my fellow co-workers which were directed at my supervisor.
Kona exhaled with a huff of annoyance, ordering with a sour tone. “Carry on, Commander. And get rid of those boots before tomorrow….” lingering his nasty words. He pivoted to his office door, leaving the lobby.
I improperly propped both of my booted feet on the empty desk, starting a new war game. I sighed with arrogance.
Today was very quiet and peaceful for a nice change, since the eighty Sickness patients were safely relocated on planet Sahara. And Bartholomew and Zak will see Ivy on the afternoon scheduled comfone, making the little universe at peace. I sighed with delight.
The three comlens sounded with a click.
I executed a Tele lift and a Tele spin, swirling and landing my metal chair in front of the middle comlen, staring at the wiggling black and silver colors.
My co-workers heard the clicks and gathered around my platform too.
A colorful foto displayed of Ivan behind a blue sky and a yellow sun, saying with a stern face via the comfone. “Attention, citizens of the universe. Attention. Presenting His Royal Highness, King Rex who is the solo ruler of our universe and the commander of our military…”
I leaned to the comfone with surprise, staring with shock of the freaking morning moment.
Rex moved from the draped curtains and stood at the shorter podium, showing a satisfied smirk on his round face. “Citizens of my universe, I have the most unpleasant task of informing you that hundred Sickness patients have died this morning at the hospital facility.”
I jumped, standing and knocking down the chair on the floor, feeling both fear and angry as working citizens gasped with open lips and shuffled their shoes beside the platform. I sighed with deceit.
Rex was lying big time, since no one had died.
I executed a Tele probe with my telepathy, scanning all the patient beds in the hospital, finding no dead bodies, thus making Rex both crazy and insane. So time for a new leader, I planned to nominate Bartholomew.
A pair of shuffling boot soles broke my daydream as more citizens listened with their eardrums and saw with their eyeballs.
Rex said via the comfone with a smirk and a nod. “Families can view the list of victims at the family information desk which is located inside my new hospital. If there is anything that I can do to ease this terrible loss, please come and talk with me, by appointment only. This is your universe. This is your planet. This is your king, who is signing off.”
The comlens turned coldly black.
The working citizens mumbled with whispers, turning and leaving the lobby.  I sighed with disbelief.
My mini-bot sounded with a beep.
I slapped the button, seeing a tiny stern face of Bartholomew, hearing a tiny serious voice. “Did you hear? I am picking you up for an early lunch. Please be ready.” He ended the cold transmission.
“Stang…” I swung around, seeing that the citizens sobbed with tears and left the building. I waited in front of building, sliding in the air ship as Bartholomew flew to my castle.
At the 9th hour (late morning) inside the Lady Starra’s mansion, Bartholomew parked on the street, sliding out of his seat, moving to the front of the door with Zak, and stood in front of the wood.
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, sitting in the front passenger seat without an arm for support, since I knew that Ivy was well, but her brother and her husband did not. I rolled my eyeballs, slamming open my ship door, standing and wiggling my fingers for drama.
I performed a Tele slap on the lock as the heavy slowly opened with a creak.
Zak gasped, stepping backwards as Bartholomew shoved the door and Zak inside.
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, moving behind and standing in front of the comfone. 
I connected, linked, and  then Tele talked to Rann: Rann, Bartholomew wants to talk and see Ivy, now, please.
The comfone powered to live with a hiss and a face.
“Good morning to all. I have been expecting your call, Starra.” Rann stood in front of the golden tinted wall, saying with a sexy smile and a sexy baritone to Starra.
The comlen beautifully flickered to Ivy on a two-sided split screen.
Ivy leaned against a pretty white wooden bed frame that was decorated in pink and white rosebud bedspread and matching pink and white pillows, wearing a white robe, and looked pretty healthy with a set of rosy cheeks, a pair of peach colored lips, and her golden hair shining. A vase of pink and yellow flowers sat next to her bed, showing a lovely comlen set, feeling both a warm and cozy home. I sighed with relief.
Bartholomew rushed his words with nervousness with a smile. “Ivy, how are you feeling?”
Zak shoved Bartholomew to the side and hugged the comfone, drooling with mouth spit and saying with a goofy grin. “Sweetheart Ivy, you look great.”
Ivy tilted her chin sideways, blinking her eyelashes, hearing the familiar voices. She slowly talked and thought with a smile. “BA. Zak. I feel good…good. But my…my mind works…slow.”
Fay crammed her face on a split screen, saying with a smile and a nod. “Sir, let me explain Ivy’s condition.”
Bartholomew said with a stern face. “Proceed.”
Fay motioned with her hands, saying with a nod and a grin. “It is truly a miracle that Baronetess Ivy survived the deadly Sickness disease, sir. She awoke from the coma without a fever or physical aliment but the disease seems to have attacked her brain. Ivy is re-learning objects, people, and places. This is a very slow process, but she is progressing at an advanced rate. Ivy will be her old self in due time, sir. I hope this helps you and Baronet Zak understand what has happened to her. Prince Rann and his medical team can explain in more detail the scientific facts and medical treatment protocol if you would like more information. I’ll sign off now and return the comfone fully back to Baronetess Ivy.” Fay vanished from the second screen.
Ivy stared at Bartholomew and Zak. “Rann…good care. Fay. Kao. Lin. I be home. I love you. Bye…” She talked with her slow thoughts and her sweet smile.
Zak said with a smile and a nod. “Love you, sweetheart. Goodbye and good night, Ivy.” Bartholomew pushed beside Zak, smiling with happiness. “I love you, sis. Fare well until we see you here. Goodbye!” Ivy disappeared from the comlen and was replaced by silver and black rows of static.
I slapped the monitor off, standing and exhaling with a puff of relieve.
Bartholomew looked down to see and say to the floor. “She’s okay.”
Zak turned with a smile to see the hair roots of Bartholomew, saying with a smile and a nod. “She looks great. And she acts the same. I don’t understand any of this, BA.” I sighed with ease.
Bartholomew looked up and turned with a sour frown to see Zak. “The Sickness has destroyed everyone’s life in one form or another. It has disintegrated whole planets. Somebody is responsible for the Sickness. It did not happen from drinking the water.” I sighed with surprise.
“Rex!” I said with a nod and a lady sneer, believing in Rann and fighting against Rex.
Bartholomew flung his palms near his frown turning with a sneer to see Starra. “Rex has nothing to do with this. He searches…”
“…and has found the assassin. He told that to us this morning during our breakfast. Rex will reveal the identity of the evil citizen very soon, maybe on tomorrow.” Zak said with a grin and a nod to Starra.
I crossed my arms, saying with a sour frown and a lady growl, “The assassin? So, someone wants to assassin Rex, well, I say get in line for the…”
Bartholomew said with a nod and a sneer. “Starra, this universe is based on the famed and infamous assassination principal. Look at Rann, who was once a commoner, and now he is the prince of an entire galaxy with billions of currs and millions of citizens who bow down to his every need and evil deed. Rann is the best example of this deadly greedy practical application…”
“Rann saved Ivy.” I gasped with shock.
Bartholomew paused in handsomeness, saying with a sour frown and a sneer. “Only for his evil purpose…” he turned with a nod to see Zak. “We must tell Rex and mount a rescue for my sister Ivy immediately. The Sickness disease is really hogwash. My sister Ivy is alive which proves Rann is the assassin, who is trying to take over the universe.” 
“Naw!” I yelled and stomped my cowgirl boot.
Zak turned with a grin and a chuckle to see Starra, “Naw? Where in the universe did you get that weird sound?”
I shook my curls, ignoring the chuckles from Zak, saying with a sour frown to Bartholomew. “Not a thing proves your proposed theory, Bartholomew, since Rann has been…”
Bartholomew hugged Starra, saying with a sweet smile into her cheekbone. “Starra, you must stay here at your mansion for your protection, sweetheart. Zak and I are going to leave and report all of this new information about Rann to Rex. Rex will decide Rann’s final fate meaning that he will capture Rann and watch his death by hanging in the gallows until sundown, today.”
I gasped and pulled away from Bartholomew, shaking my curls, saying with a sour frown and a lady sneer. “Rex…”
“…our leader, our ruler, and our protector. I love you, Starra.” Bartholomew kissed her lips and pulled away, turning and leading Zak out the kitchen archway.
I stood in place with fighting fury and heard the pathway of heavy footpads and the slamming the front door, racing out the kitchen door and upstairs, down the hallway, and to my bedroom.
I kneecapped on the floor and jerked the bottom of stringy cute fringe on the bedspread up in my face, dragging out a pine box to my lap on top of my folded legs. I gently lifted the lid with my finger pads, admiring a set of 500,000 years old black colored diamonds which were mounted on twin golden bracelets. I sighed with fear.
I changed out of my funeral attire into a pretty pink sundress, wearing no shoes.
On the 10th hour (midday, without the lunch meal) inside my living room with warm temperatures with bright sunshine, I slowly moved down the staircase and carefully toted the pine box, strolling on my naked feet to the sofa. I sat on the edge of the sofa, slowly opening the lid of the wooden box, seeing the gold twinkle in the sunlight and the beauty of the black diamonds, gingerly touching the center of the pretty black diamond with my index finger pad.
I heard the word: kill.
I jerked my index finger in the air while panting in heavy breath and as that nasty word screamed inside my neurons like a set of sea waves crashing against the shoreline.
Rex was the mastermind behind the killing of innocent citizens and the murderous attacks on his kingdom, so a citizen must stop Rex. Bartholomew would not. Rann could not. Dirk was an idiot. I sighed with determination.
Rex was a powerful Tele as told by both Rosa and Rann, while he hadn’t challenged me ever, but he knew who I was, since I had T-power running through my red veins, too. And I felt healthier, stronger, and invincible, since crash-landing the Earth space shuttle on the dead world of Bonita some three weeks ago, because I too possessed my own supernatural talents plus the Tele talents of Rosa coming from the talisman. I sighed with intent.
My purpose was clear. Rosa had shared her brief secret of the black diamond bracelets coupled the right ruler.
Bartholomew would be a better leader as he was fair, honest, and democratic, possessing a true vision and a good heart, allowing him to rule an equal universe for both nobles and commoners. Just cause.
I could help Bartholomew achieve that desire and dream as I was an alien that must give the citizens hope for their future. After Rex permanently was dead by the naked hand of an alien, the elements of hope, truth, honor, and justice would flow throughout the universe into the battered planets, beaten citizens, and bruised me who also lived here.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
The bracelets were the key to my purpose, my goal, and my actions to stop Rex, the true enemy of the universe. I sighed with anger.
The dark diamonds gleamed in a series of flashy red and blue colors against the band of gold, glowing with a weird-o yellow light like live energy and true power, mysterious and mystical. I closed my eyelashes, touching the center stone of each diamond with my pinky finger and saw an array of bright images of a young girl, an old man, a mature woman, and young Rosa coupled with their entwined emotional sensations of both death and destruction.
So I dropped my cupped hand over the black diamond and shouted. “Stop…” I felt and held with mental pain, fear, fright, might, and light, opening my eyelashes, jerking my hand from the stone, panting breathes and sobbing with tears.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I yelled. “My actions rule my destiny, not their words.” I gently touched the smooth gleaming band of gold on the right bracelet, seeing nothing and feeling nothing, and secured the gold over my right wrist, seeing, feeling, hearing, and tasting death.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Control. Conquer.
A young girl killed an old helpless woman as her face shredded salty tears with a red blast from the maser.
Rosa touched each child, hearing a crack of the spinal cord in the neck broke.
An old man fired a red maser wave at hundreds of citizens as they died instantly,
My Tele sights were both terrible and horrible. I jerked the bracelet from my arm and dropped it down in the box as it rattled for a few seconds with live energy.
I slumped forward my shoulders down to my kneecaps, panting with a set of heavy breathes, sweating with perspiration over my limbs, and flooding my eyeballs with a set of salty tears.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Control. Conquer.
I placed my pinky finger on both the twin diamonds, seeing a set of weaker Tele images and feeling not so boldly powerful and harshly doom either. I sighed with hope.
I grabbed and tossed each bracelet on each wrist, receiving voluminous waves of people, places and planets, spinning crazy, dizzy, fast, and furious with color, lights, sounds, and tastes into my active mind. I yelled out loud with a hard pant, “Control! Conquer! Calm!”
And then, I passed out into darkness totally.
Alien Day 17


Castle location of Lady Starra
Living room setting
Blue sky with white clouds and yellow sun
Cool temperatures with light breeze and moist air
7th hour (early morning)


I awoke on the sofa on my stomach, knocking the heavy bracelet into my face, rubbing the sleepy crumbles from my eye sockets, sucking back in the wet drool from my parted and creaked lips.
I slowly stood upright from the new sofa cushions and stretched with an ugly yawn feeling awesomely great, wiggling my fingers, and performed a Tele steal from my closet, dragging a set of new funeral clothes down the stairs. I changed into my nakedness and dressed in the living room while softly giggling from the cool air temperatures, wearing a freshly laundered turtleneck, circular skirt in black without the tights. And I wear my cowgirl boots.
I slapped my arms down to my skirt hitting the bracelets down to my legs, turning and moving towards the front door, deciding to walk to my employment today. I lifted up and wiggled all of my fingers for drama, completing a Tele push on the door. The front door opened.
I performed a Tele pull on the door.
The door closed.


OPS building location
Office desk setting of Starra
8th hour (late morning)


I cranked my neck against my shoulders looking up to see a baby blue sky, tons of white geometric clouds, hearing the bird songs and the frogs croak, seeing squirrels jump from tree to grass. I moved slowly down the sidewalk from my castle to my place of employment, humming and singing with nature, marching through the entrance door.
I moved ahead and stopped on top of the elevated platform, scooting down into my chair, flopping a bee-hind on top of the metal and as it sounded with squeaks of good morning back. I lifted up and propped a pair of cowgirl boots on top of the empty desk surface, wiggling my hand, executing a Tele capture on the mini-bot into my other hand. I lifted the mini-bot to my face and started a new electronic game of intergalactic war against the nasty aliens. I sighed with happiness.
“Commander, Starra!” Kona stood in front of the desk and stared at the bottom soles of her boots.
I tapped on my mini-bot, saying with a lady sneer. “What, Kona?” I had advanced the game to level four.
He sneered again. “The proper response is Captain Kona.” He paused for drama. “I’m holding a private memorial service for the hundred victims that have succumbed to the Sickness disease which will commencing now at the seventh hour this morning in the eating hall, before the grand service at the tenth hour today which will be hosted by our ruler King Rex. Everyone will be attending except for Ensign Bob and you.” He smirked.
I cut my eyeballs to Bob, who had intersected at the empty hallway and the lobby wall. I mentally noted to execute a nasty payback at my supervisor Major Kona for a set of his bad manners towards one of his fellow working staff citizens. Then I looked down with a sour frown to my game, saying with a lady growl. “No prob!”
Kona sneered. “The proper response is, yes sir.”
I jumped to the fight into level six in my new game, saying with a lady sneer too. “Yes sir.”
Kona pivoted with a low growl of annoyance at his employee Starra and advanced into the eating hall, out of eyeball and hearing sight of Starra
“Stang!” I whispered for my eardrums only losing the electronic game on the mini-bot and had to begin a new one with a grin and a giggle of satisfaction.
At the 11th hour (early afternoon) on top of the elevated platform at my office desk, I had lost another game of electronic intergalactic war game. Losing three in a row meant bad luck for someone else, somewhere but here. The private business meeting with Kona for the Sickness patients had continued for 150 minutes which in Commerce time was three hours.
I turned with a sour frown to see the closed doors of eating hall making my belly hungry, wondering if master slave Kona was building an individual pine coffin for each deceased body before the deceased memorial service at the tenth hour. I sighed with boredom.
I executed a Tele toss on mini-bot and a Tele land on the desk surface with my telekinesis, dropping my feet to the floor, and stood and stretch my sore muscles from doing nothing and checking on Bob’s missing whereabouts.
I moved ahead and strolled down an empty hallway like a funeral morgue peek-a-booing my chin into the first comlen room, entering and monitoring the first comlen that represented planet Commerce for my sweet and short duty of the day. I skipped…naw…strolled towards the work table stopping and tapped on the comfone log book. A few recorded intragalactic comfones showed early this morning on planet Commerce coming from the food warehouse, the school, the hospital, the command center and way too many more places that I did not desire to read at the moment. So, the datum looked normal to my brain cells.
I spun around with a smile and left the room.
I entered the next comlen room with no military personnel either, and halted in place, executing a Tele scan on the comfone that showed big picture of the planets and stars on this side of the Wall, looking for the nest of vile villains as I still slumber with a ting of jealousy at Kona. I could see within my Tele eyeballs that the radar comlen was clear of moving star ships.
I turned and left the room.
I entered the room with the largest monitor. The comlen used a sophisticated bot satellite (outer space) network to monitor far away activities to and from the Wall, looking for the pretend spy ships.
Bob had educated my neurons in-between our snack and our lunch updating the range and function of each intergalactic comlen equipment, since he was both super nice and super smart.
I strolled towards the work station and stopped watching the rotating line. It traveled slowly around the comlen while noting that there was not a space ship sailing from the Wall.
Good! I moved sideways towards a row of individual planetary comlens that represented the outer planets of Bonita, Tech, Agri, Uni, and Bio.
Planets Uni and Bio were black and dead with no life.
Planet Tech World displayed no ship activity except for the colored flares of fixed energy output from both the robots and factories.
Planet Agri displayed a set of smaller flares of activity on the screen from the farming equipment energy.
Bob appeared inside the archway with a smile and moved ahead, stopping and bad breathed down her collar bone with a puzzled brow. “Commander, what can I do you for?”
I stared with a smile down at the comlen screen for Bonita while noting the massive energy string on the southern hemisphere. “I am here to admire all different the comlen screens.”
He smiled with a nod. “The situation is all clear. There are no enemy vessels to report on my watch,” chuckling.
Humor or a pitiful attempt. I smiled down at the comlen. “All crystal clear here too!”
“What did you say, Commander?”
“Carry on, Lieutenant.” I scooted sideways and stopped in front of the smallest comlen which maintained a set of selected buildings on planet Commerce for a spy or someone while watching the slow motion of the electronic line complete one revolution around the circular radar.
A bright dot blinked in the color of red and then disappeared.
“What was that?” Patiently, I waited for the line to complete a second rotation around the comlen seeing a batch of rounded dots of red, this time. “Are those bugs?” I grabbed a cloth, wiping over the glass as the cloth collected the moisture, the sweat, and the dust from the hands of the citizens. A batch of red dots invaded the comlen. “Not bugs? Lieutenant!” Bob calmly strolled ahead and stood behind her collar bone. I fingered the comlen with a confused brow. “What do you make of this dot on the comlen screen?” A batch of red dot blinked in the color of red and then disappeared.
“I would…” he reached down and rapidly tapped on the keyboard while staring the screen. “The comlen readout states that they are unknown ships with no identifying marks.” He gasped, mouthing spitting on the comlen as Starra back stepped from his wetness. He pointed down with a worried brow to the screen and yelled out loud, “These are a set of enemy ships. We’re being invaded.”
I gasped in alarm. “Invasion! Press some buttons, man! Sound the alarms, bells, whistles, lights, and whatever else you can punch to death and get some action going.” I watched his hands and fingers fly across the keyboard as the red letters appeared: ALARM.
The OPS comfone blasted the words throughout the walls of the building and into each pair of eardrums. “Red alert! Red alert! Red alert! Red alert!”
I spun around with a worried brow and raced out the doorway, down the hallway, and rushed to my duty station.
Kona rushed out from the eating hall towards Starra, leaped onto her platform, jumped on top of her flat empty desk. He reached up and slid over a tile panel, jerking down a mini-comfone down into his face shouting into the microphone, “Attention citizens! Attention here! All citizens and children go to the stadium immediately.” Numerous boot soles advanced to the glass double doors and out into the sunlight. I sighed with puzzlement.
I did not with a mob of neatly ironed and pressed blue uniforms out the building of OPS and into the sunshine but observed with shock.
They scurried through the building, pouring out from the noble castles and onto the street. The parents were towing their young children by the hands. Friends were hugging each other for good luck. I sighed with shock.
I spun around and dashed to an empty comlen room, since Bob was gone and deserted his post, and I planned to demote his bee-hind, and gasped with shock. Four blood red blimps hovered over the stadium as the war began. I swung around, running out the door, down the hallway, and through the empty lobby, moving outside, raising my hand over my eyeballs, and narrowed my eyelashes from a harsh yellow sun as citizens pushed, pulled, and prodded me with them down the crowded street and to the stadium. I sighed with surprise.
I halted and stood in place, turning a circle, dropping my mouth in shock and as, my knuckles tapped down on my kneecaps, facing the faces of angry citizens.
An elder man carried a maser rifle which was perched on his shoulder.
A young kid held a jeweled dagger in her tiny fist as her mother held the hand of the child, dragging with her free hand the sword tip over the cobble stones, setting off sparkling tiny fire balls.
I could see numerous citizens carrying one weapon of mass destruction, such, as illegal masers, curvy swords, beautiful daggers, long spears, straight arrows, kitchen utility knifes, thick clubs, steel hammers, woodland rocks, and smooth stones.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
The mad mod marched to the stadium.
I turned and elbowed and kicked a new footpath through the crowd, seeing three men in neatly ironed and pressed blue uniforms on their individual wind bikes.
Each male held a raised dead and destructive maser. I sighed with fear.
I halted in place and executed a Tele view with my teleclairvoyance and concentrated on the three solar bikes, seeing Lad on the extreme left, Zak in the middle, and Bartholomew on the right side who were leading the stupid flock of crazed semi-warriors into a bloody and messy war. I sighed with disapproval.
I performed a Tele kick with my yell, “Bartholomew.”
He wiggled side to side on his bike, hearing his name, and halted with a jolt, looking around the crowd, the street, and Starra. He swung the bike to her, moving and stopping.
I leaped behind his back spine, wrapping both my arms and my cupped hands around his waist, feeling his mixed emotions of angry, hate, confusion, fear, disappointment, and revenge which were emitting from his heart, his mind, and his soul. I sighed with worry.
Bartholomew accelerated his bike, passing Zak and Lad, leading the pack of wanna-be-dead-soldiers into the broken wall fragment on the north side of the stadium as he veered to the right, heading south and halted the bike at the broken gate, shuffling off the seat. He turned and man-pulls Starra from the rear seat, kissing her lips and pulled back, saying with a nod and a smile. “Please stay here, sweetheart. You’ll be safe.”
I desired to object verbally, but I had learned to listen to my loving future mate, giving him a hug and a kiss too plus two thumbs up signal for good luck with a grin.
Bartholomew frowned in silence to her, back stepping and scooted on the seat, moving back into the crowd of citizens with his plans to win the War, since I had my own agenda to win the war. I sighed with purpose.


12th hour (early afternoon)
Stadium building location
Grassy field setting
Blue sky with white clouds and yellow sun
Cool temperatures with light breeze and humid air


I watched Bartholomew fly out of my eyesight, and then I swung around, executing a Tele jump over the busted wall, bouncing up on the battered bleacher rows, somersaulting to the platform of a busted and exposed skybox which belonged to Marquis Tok of Resort. He had a very nice view of the game field too. And so, I had an excellent view of grassy field to see everyone and everything.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Lad, Zak, and Bartholomew led and marched a sea of blue military uniforms, carrying weapons to kill, of course, and stopped at twenty-yard line on the north side of the field.
On the south side of the grass, it was empty. There were no flesh and blood bodies for a fight. So, the setoff enemy ships had chicken stewed out of the war, turning their tails and running back home to their living rooms. They had surrendered. I sighed with victory.
I danced side to side, swinging my hips, tossing my arms and sung with joy and as my right peripheral eyeball saw the glittery gold. I completed a circle and executed a Tele leap forward up on the upper tier, turning around, executing a Tele view.
Rann, Rita, and Dirk led and marched a throng of golden uniforms over the field coming from the south tunnel, the Tele warriors.
My eyeballs focused on Ivy, who wore a gleaming gold halter top and a matching skirt cut above her kneecaps and carried a weapon of a single pointy crystal in the form of a sword.
All of the golden warriors were holding a weapon over their hair roots. Each weapon was different and shaped in a sword, a dagger, a spear, a knife, or a club. The compounds of each weapon glistened from the hard manual labor of the prisoner using the mined gem stones of rubies, sapphires, emeralds, gold, silver, and diamonds, which are the hardest substance here and on planet Earth.
I was impressed and worried at the same time.
Rann stopped on the twenty-yard line on the south end of game field. I sighed with fear.
I could see the players, hear the grunts, feel the angry, and taste the sweat with my normal senses and my Tele power on the battlefield by two opposing teams which stood one at north end and the other at south end.
And the warriors were led by a trio of brilliant leaders too. And all the warriors carried weapons of mass both destruction and death. I sighed with doom.
I must stop this madness and tattle tale to Rex. He could stop the madness. I performed a Tele scan for Rex among the team of Bartholomew citizens.
Nope.
I turned and executed a Tele scan for Rex among the golden warriors of Rann.
Nope.
I turned and performed a Tele scan of both the empty bleachers and the noble skyboxes for Rex, and found him on the opposite side of my skybox. He stared, drooled, and grinned, wringing both his hands, waiting for the upcoming bloody massacre of his citizens.
No noble or commoner would oppose his ultimate reign of the galaxy as he was king.
I balled my fists targeting my fight with Rex, promising that Bartholomew was not going to die because of the dirty little secrets, lies, and deceit of Rex.
Bartholomew shouted down on the northern end of the game field. “Attack!”
My Tele eardrums picked up and echoed back that nasty word as my human heart jump-started with his loud war cry.
Rann yelled down on the southern end of the game field. “Now!”
I watched with terror as all the citizens ran to each other waving their weapons of dead and destruction against their neighbor, their friend, and their relative. I whispered. “This is insane.” I shouted out loud. “No!” I raised and dropped my hands down to my skirt in frustration. No one could hear me. No one wanted to listen to me. And no one seemed to care that they were all about to die.
I silently stood and watched the horror picture show play before my silver pupils.
The blue soldiers poised their weapons over their heads for a frontal attack, running straight at the golden warriors that had drew their weapons to their chests for a defensive attack, galloping towards death.
And I whispered. “Stop the war!”
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Power.
I pulled all the air currents and all my T-powers of telepathy, telekinesis, teleclairvoyance, and telemetabolics, building and creating two Tele invisible hands. I screamed and sailed each my Tele hand over the hair roots of each stupid thinking citizen. “Stop…”
My invisible Tele hand with millions of invisible wiggling fingers jerked and lifted every maser, knife, dagger, spear, crossbow, club, rock, stone, sword, and any other dangerous weird hand weapon from each cupped hand and danced the weapon in the air over a skull of each man, woman, and child.
The citizens halted and looked up to see the floating weapon with their staring eyeballs and drooling lips.
I opened my eyelashes, feeling the light breeze blew across my sweaty face, tasting blood on my sliced tongue, and smelled the sour wetness from my palms, my finger pads, and my armpits.
I hovered and held the horrible death weapons still and steady in the air, smirking with my good deed for the day. I sighed with victory.
War done!
I slowly flung my arms up to the skyline and over to the right of my body, pitching the killing instruments of destruction down into a trash bend which was used by Rbots or repair robots that cleared and cleaned the damaged stadium. I dropped my arms down to my side as my knuckles tapped musical on my kneecaps. I sighed with satisfaction.
Nap time!
I yawned feeling exhausted, drained, and weak, needing sleep, food, and a vacation day, giggling with a girly twang, seeing the citizens soldierly stand and silently stare up to me.
I whispered. “Ah, stang!”
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I looked down with my Tele eyeballs to Bartholomew, who I had planned to marry in a couple of day, the love of my life and my future husband. He stared up to see Starra without a cute wave, a bright smile or any physical happy movement.
I turned to see Rann. He was shaking his skull with negative communication and a set of jumbled big time deep emotions of worry, concern, and fear. I sighed with unhappiness.
“There is your assassin…” His tenor voice echoed over the numerous comfones that surrounded the stadium. I sighed with confusion.
I turned and scanned the field, the rows of bleachers, the empty skyboxes, and the quiet citizens for the assassin.


I mentally flashed back to yesterday afternoon, when Zak had informed inside my kitchen to Bartholomew and me that Rex had searched and found the assassin and would announce it today.


Then I mentally flashed present while looking down to see the broken concrete and recalled that Rann was the assassin…naw…Rann was not the assassin either. He desired to kill Rex, who was the true enemy. I sighed with puzzlement.
“She carries the Sickness disease that contaminates our bodies and kills our loved ones. She has ordered the attack on Tech, Resort, and Commerce. She has destroyed Uni, Bio, and Ice. She has murdered Lady Rosa of Bonita. She has killed hundreds of your friends, your family, your neighbors, all innocent citizens. She has spied on Prince Rann of Sahara. She has betrayed your King. She is the assassin…” His tenor voice echoed over the comfones as the citizens muttered and moved around the field, staring up at Starra. “I will present the evidence against the assassin.” Comlens blink with power, showing silver and white rows of static.
I nodded with a giggle with innocence. And a good peek show would prove me innocent and reveal the true assassin.
The comlens flashed into life, showing a moving foto.



A rear fanny inside a long stained white ball gown stands over an unconscious person who is lying on top of the carpet.

The female pirouettes and faces the comlen.



The comlen halted the frame of the foto.
I sounded with squeak. “Me!”


I mentally flashed backward into the night of the Jubilation Day Ball, when I had danced the Random Dandom session with Bartholomew. Then Rosa had transferred her Tele talents via the golden talisman to my mind, my heart, and my body.


Then I mentally flashed present. The comlen started moving again.



The female moves out from the foto frame and as the frame focuses and then shows a close-up of a dead shrived-up gray lifeless face of Lady Rosa on the floor.



The citizens gasped in both horror and shock.
I whispered. “Ah, double stang!”
“Eliminate by assassination or attrition?” Her soprano voice echoed across the comfones in the stadium. “That’s Empress to you!”
I gasped, waving both arms in the air and not being able to yell over the loud comfones. “Wait, ya’ll! It is saying and expressing part of my words in the wrong order coming from my intergalactic secret space comfone message to Rann over the Wall.” I sighed with trouble.
The comlen split into two visual monitors with Rex on the right and Starra on the left. Rex pointed at the screen, saying with a sneer. “Starra is an alien from planet Earth.” The citizens sounded with a growl, a snarl, a snort, a sneer and other nasty animal sounds that echoed up to the clouds.
I shook my curls, looking down to the broken concrete, kicking with my boot toe, and whispered for my eardrums only, “Alien, I.” My life was over here as the citizens hated earthlings and aliens per Rosa on my first day in the new and strange universe. I sighed with death.
Rex jabbed a finger at the screen, yelling with a sneer. “Alien, I find you guilty. Seize her, guards.”
I stomped my boot with fury, looking up to see Rex on the comfone. “I want a lawyer, ya’ll!” I chuckled in my Earthling sense of humor death notwithstanding as my eardrums heard.
“Hang her! Hang her! Hang her! Hang her….”
“Ah, triple stang!” I exhaled with a puff of worry. 
Each military soldier encircled Starra with a drawn maser and a nasty sneer. Then a second set of sneering guards climbed up the stairs and reached Starra, grabbing each arm, lifting her in the air with brute strength, dragging her away from the skybox, down the stairs, and inside one of the air ships. The air ship lifted up and flew towards the royal castle.


15th hour (mid-evening)
Castle location of King Rex
Tower room setting
Dark blue and orange sunset with cool temperatures


The twin brothers were a set of beefy, big, and strong prison guards pulling out, yanking Starra out from the air ship, through the parking lot, into the archway, down the hallway, and halted at the elevators. The doors opened. They dragged her inside the carriage.
The doors closed and then opened.
They pulled her out the carriage and lifted her up over the tiles, marching up the dark stairs to the darker tower cell, and entered through the archway. They stood in front of a single cell which measured ten feet long by ten feet wide by ten feet high. I sighed with depression.
The hand opened the door sounding with a squeak and as four hands shoved her in the tiny cell, slamming the bars shut with a ting.
I stared at three blank walls of pretty gray limestone. The northern wall held a tiny three inched window which was free of a glass pane, flaming the last flares of the blue and orange sunset of a beautiful Commerce day, pointing to the stadium.
My Tele eyeballs could see the construction of a hangman gallows wooden frame and as my Tele eardrums heard the pounding of steel nails. I swallowed the thick mouth salvia back down my throat.
I moved ahead and swung around sitting on the edge of the cold metal cot without a warm bed cover. I sighed with defeat.
The prison guard sneered, “Food.” Starra stood upright from the sot and moved ahead, stopping in front of the set of vertical bars. He handed a small tray in a sideways pose between the bars and a smaller glass of water and the smallest loaf of raw cooked white bread.
I accepted the items and slowly spun around with a worried brow to face the cot bed, moving ahead and sat back down on top of the thin bed linens in white tint. I reached over and placed the food tray on top of the cot leaning back against the cold stone wall, spinning the diamond ring on my fourth finger of my left hand.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
“Baron Bartholomew, welcome here!” The prison guard said with a stern face and a bow of nobleness.
Bartholomew moved ahead in silence and stopped in front of the iron bar while staring at the rear gray tinted wall, wearing a gray ashen face, green coloring around his lips, and a pair of red and swollen gray eyes. He extended a palm in-between the slots of the rusty iron.
I jerked the ring from my fourth finger of my left hand, standing upright from the cot, moving ahead and stopped with a stern face in silence. I reached out and slipped the ring between the bars and down into his palm. I did not say any sweet word or a nasty grunt.
Bartholomew did not stay a sweet word or a nasty grunt, looking down with a stern face to see the lonely ring and then swiftly pivoted away from the iron bars and Starra.
Do not cry! I sighed with sadness.
I swung around both my body and my tears to face the open window and as my eyeballs stared at the cot. I slowly stepped a left boot, a right boot, and a left boot, and side saddled on top of the metal with my left hip bone looking down to the floor. My fun alien and human life was really over. And I could not go back home to planet Commerce or planet Bonita or planet Earth. I sighed with depression.
Rann rushed through the open archway with a smile towards the iron bars, “Starra!” He stopped in front of the iron bars and reached both hands through the slots while wiggling all of his fingers at her.
I looked up with a smile and as my heart jump started with happiness. I stumbled up from the bed cot and over my big feet towards the iron bars slamming both of my hands over his knuckles. “Rann!” My eyeballs danced with twinkle as and I said with a giggle. “Do you like my new living arrangements? It’s only temporary until…”
He fuddled his hands over her knuckles, “Starra.” He exhaled with a huff of worry. “I am so sorry. I talked to Rex…” he paused for handsomeness. “There is so much evidence against you. He would not change his mind about…” he cut his eyeballs away from my face and stared at north window, “…punishment.”
I stared at his worried face, whispering with a fake smile. “Thanks for your assistance, Rann! I really appreciate your courage and support. What happened after I left?”
He returned back with a nod and a smile to see her. “Everything is fine now. Rex is king and the solo ruler of both the sides of Wall again. The War is over. Of course, you were the catalyst which caused the War and also brought us peace.”
“Thank goodness! I did something right today.” I smiled into his handsome face while longing to touch his chest muscles inside his vest jacket as the silk vest tickled my knuckles.
He leaned a face through the metal and as his twin cheekbones tapped the bars and whispered. “I have a team...”
I jerked up a finger and gently tapped his moving soft lips, shaking my curls with a whisper. “Don’t even think about it! I have no place to go. I can’t run forever in the universe bouncing planet to planet. I can’t live like that.”
Rann caressed her hands with a stern face and a nod. “I see your point of view. Everyone knows you. No one citizen is going to help. Is there anything you need?” He looked down to see the tray of food and the metal cot. “That’s your dinner and your bed.”
I said with a giggle and a grin. “The condemned does not get much around here.” Rann dipped down and kissed each knuckle on her right hand, very slowly. My pulse heated and my heart stopped and restarted. He gently shifted and kissed each knuckle on her left hand.
I leaned my face against the twin bars. He dropped both her hands from his mouth, standing upright. I tapped the metal with my forearm, stepping back from the attacking bars.
Rann said with a smile and a nod of authority, “Guard.” Both brothers appeared on the opposite of Rann, growling at her. He commanded. “Bring Lady Starra two blankets, two pillows, and a tray of food covered with meat, fruits, bread, beverages, and desserts.” He turned with a sour frown a sneer to the see one of the prison guards. “I am going to return in ten minutes.” He turned with a sour frown and a sneer to see the other brother. “If these items are not in her cell, there will be another neck or two hanging in the afternoon sun, tomorrow from the gallows.”
The prison guards back stepped from the prison cell saying in unison. “Yes sir, Sire!” They spun around and left the tower room.
Rann reached out and man-pulled Starra to the bar without tapping her forehead, wrapping his arms around her hot body and the cold bars.
I banged my breasts against the metal, brushing my cheekbones against coolness and stuck out my nose, my lips, and my chin to Rann, and bowed my arms around four vertical bars. I slowly slid my fingers over his forearms, stopping right at the edge of his hard biceps, tenderly caressing the steel bugle of roundness.
He flexed his biceps, tickling her shoulder blades, drawing Starra close as much as possible with their metal referees.
I giggled with pleasure and burned with my passionately fire, my icy lust, and my desirous love inside my kitten cage. I sighed with contentment.
Rann whispered to her nose bridge. “Starra, I must say goodbye and wish you peace of mind.” He steered his face and his lips between the steel bars, tenderly kissing her pouted lips with his soft warm flesh.
I closed my eyelashes, hearing music, feeling happiness, and tasting honey and heard the heavy volumes of guard footpads.
Rann released her sweet lips, shuffling back his face from the steel, smiling to her with delight.
I opened my eyelashes, saying with a smile to him. “You’ve been a good friend, Rann. Goodbye! Good luck to you as well!”
Rann released his tight embrace of Starra and the bars, stepping back three paces, and clicked his boot heels for fun, bowing low at his waist for noblette respect. He paced his boots and his smile back, staring at Starra, and reached the archway, elegantly flinging away from her and dashed down the darken stairs.
Do not cry! Be happy.
I held the wetness of his kiss, the softness of his lips, and the roughness of his tongue as I executed a Tele touch and a Tele connect to his aura which went to the elevators.
And then, I stopped.
The pair of guards returned one at a time with the requested items of Rann, opening the cell, setting up a bigger table which was overflowing with food items, making the metal cot with a set of linens, two blankets and two pillows. They finished and grunted in unison, leaving the prison cell and stood guard at the archway.
Darkness drowned the yellow sunset.
I moved backwards and rested a body outstretching over the sweet softness of the blankets, so kindly ordered by sweet Rann for my last permanent night on planet Commerce.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Peace.
I happily dreamt of my home planet Earth within the Milky Way Galaxy.
Thunderfoot led his harem of mares around the green hilly pastures.
Maritza cleaned the antique wood table.
Ming sat in his co-pilot seat on the solar train ride into Hunts-Bama biosphere.
Peter debated my mediocre telekinesis skills in Tele Training.
Huntress punched my ribs for catnapping.
Jim pointed to the second pressure shield level in the space shuttle.
Rosa wore her beautiful purple gown for Festival Day.
Bot flew butt-hole-backwards out the door.
Rita wore a snarl ending her marriage proposal to Lad. Rann displayed a smile, losing the Race at the Sahara party.
Bartholomew planted a tiny red rosebud that matured into a rose flower complete with sharp thorns.
Rann kissed the lips of Starra with his goodbye.
Then, Rex stabbed Starra with a dagger.
I jumped upright on top of the cot and awoke smashing open both of my eyelashes from the horrible nightmare, noting the sun was awake too.
My Tele powers ping. Everything ain’t fine.
Alien Day 18


Castle location of King Rex
Tower room setting
Cool temperatures with light breeze and humid air plus sunny
7th hour (late morning)


I pulled the messy blanket over my face, blocking out the beautiful bright yellow daylight on my execution day. I sighed with dread.
The brother guards pounded a set of four fists on the prison iron bars for their undivided attention.
I sounded with a moan, rolling my feet and felt around for my boots but realized that I still wore them and as, my brain was numb and dumb at the moment.
I stood, walking to the open cage heading first down the dark stairs to the elevator doors, dragging my bee-hind down a back hallway, and entered an air ship. I sighed with doom.
On the yellow tinted cobblestone street, the royal air ship roared its engine and silently lifted up from the hard concrete of the palace soaring over the air to the stadium building. Men, women, and children were standing on top of the yellow tinted cobblestone street at the royal place of Rex (the prison place), curving down to the south side of the stadium (her resting place) as each one cussed, yelled, stomped a pair of shoes or a pair of naked feet, waved their naked fists, pitched rocks at the rock-proof windows, tossed kitchen forks, soup spoons, some rotten fruit, and a few broken tree limbs at my roaming air ship which had a rooftop. So, the palace prisoner was safely tucked in the rear seat with a pair wrist bones behind a back spine. I sighed with drama.
The air ship floated over the fragments of busted and broken blue concrete, gliding over the green and yellow sporting game field and parked right in front of a newly constructed hangman’s good pine smelling gallows per my Tele powers.


8th hour (late morning)
Stadium building location
Hangman’s gallows platform
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine


And the hangman’s gallows structure had been constructed for Starra.
My petiteness was tossed out from the warm seat of the airship and framed by two muscular guards who measured over six feet in height.
I was guessing here that King Rex of the unknown universe was not taking any or multiple chances with alien Starra escaping on her alien execution day.
Each boot heel pounded on a set of fourteen steps. Yeah, I counted. The fourteen step would end my short life of seventeen years, seven months, seven days, seven hours, seven minutes, and seven seconds (Earth time), but I was feeling relatively calm about the entire alien traitor process and a little relieved that now every citizen knew my big bad bold secret. I am an Earth teen alien. I sighed with doneness.
The nice guards dressed my neck in a set of rough and raw pink tinted rope as the orange colored thick ropes massaged the new leather of my black and pink pointy toe cowgirl boots. So they bow tied me like a holiday tree with a set of purple colored rope going around my chest and crashing my armpits against my itchy dirty black turtleneck.
Then, Rita magical appeared before Starra, well, she fumbled and stumbled up the high wooden stairs in her sandal heels and long dress train and bad breathed into the nostrils of Starra, because she was a mean and a rude royal-tee. I sighed with southern earth manners.
She beautifully wore a new purple long gown complete with a three-foot train as it lounged off the edge of the good smelling pine wood and the dress was decorated with a rows of awesome diamond stubs around both her neck collar and her twin wrist cuffs of the long fitting sleeves, a small diamond tiara in her upsweep hairdo too.
I joshed with a sweet smile, saying with a sweetly southern accent. “Ya’ll didn’t have to get all dressed up just for little ole me, Rita, a Queen of Non-hearts.”
Rita sounded with an unladylike snort and then a girly giggle, parking her hands on the fitted belt of the dress with a smile at Starra. “I’m going to a party after your hanging. Don’t be so vein, Starra! If that really is your real name?” She spat her mouth salvia on the cheekbone of Starra.
I tilted a chin to the left of the impacting dirty lip-bomb as it missed and hit the good smelling pine floor. I laughed out in silliness and nervousness like a silly kid. I exhaled with a puff of fury and a matching tone. “Earthlings are designated by two names. I am Starra Starbelt.”
Her smile disappeared and as she gasped. “Then…then General Starbelt of the secret space line. O! I see now. You’re a very clever girl, Starbelt. But, I guess that your good luck has just run out here within my home world and my home galaxy.” She laughed with an evil tone.
I eye killed with my pair of laser eyeballs on her pretty face, but she did not disintegrate.
Her laugh changed into an evil smirk. “Before you die, I want you to know something very important. What’s the old Earth expression? Dead men told no tales. If that dictum holds true, then you will not be telling any more tales in another three minutes.”
I rolled my eyeballs and then returned back to see her smirk. “Well, make it quick! I have appointments to keep, Rita.”
“I do enjoy a touch of Earth humor.” Rita nodded with a giggle. “I have a humorous riddle from Commerce to you, darling. Let’s see if you can guess it correctly!” She paused for beauty. “I ordered the attack. I destroyed the planets. I murdered Lady Rosa. I killed the innocent people. I stole your bot. I recorded the space message. I spied on Prince Rann. I am the traitor to King Rex, the citizens, and the universe.” She leaned down into the face of Starra, bad breathing on the nose bridge of Starra too. “I am the assassin that everyone is whispering about, searching for, and hiding from death, today and tomorrow, too. I, sweetie, set you up to fall down hard like a rock.” She laughed out loud.
I gasped in alarm and jerked on the ropes which caused great pain on my neck and both of my arms. I, so desperately, desired to shove her and her pretty purple dress off the seventy-foot high, good smelling, green tinted wooden platform watching to see her gray guts bounce, land, and splatter red blood on the blue cement ground below.
Rita smiled. “What did you say, girl-fiend? Speak down! Another Earth expression, I do believe. Or does a kitty cat hold your pink colored tongue?” She sorta used the wrong set of words for the right meaningful words coming of the Earth expression and laughed.
I exhaled with a puff of confidence, saying with a calm demeanor. “I believe that your father will re-send my executive stay, once I tattle tale him the tattling truth,” smirking. I sighed with victory.
Rita bounced her tiara, her skull, and her upper torso back and forth while grinning and giggling and then she leaned down into the nose bridge of Starra with a whisper, “My father...”
I gasped with shock while executing a Tele search on each stern face of the two million men, women, and children, who were scattered around the roaming streets, the walking sideways, the sitting bleachers, the sitting chairs, the manicured lawn, and the plant and tree grounds, without seeing Rex.
My Tele powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Rita crossed both of her arms watching Starra with one eyeball open and eyeball closed, saying with a sour frown. “When you slump forward into that zombie state, are you using your Tele thing, Starra?” Starra blinked her eyelashes open. Rita smirked. “So, are you not going to answer me? Well, why don’t you try scanning with your talented Tele thingy beyond the stadium bleachers?”
I performed a Tele probe with my telepathy, leaving the stadium, searching the auditorium, the noble palaces, the school, and the hospital. Yeah! There was something in the hospital. I was feeling a warm body with a little bit of heat from the slow decaying dead tissues. Rex was there and had been plunged with a jeweled dagger into his healthy heart. I gasped in alarm and broke my Tele link, opening my eyelashes and hissed at her dirty dead deed.
She reached out with a snigger and tapped her red painted index fingernail on the cheekbone of Starra. “You are very good, sweetie. You have located the body at the hospital morgue who is now my stone cold dead poor father. I know that I should be sorry, but I am not. So I am so afraid and so sorry that King Rex cannot hear your naughty fairy tale about me. I am Rita Empress of the Universe. No one can stop me not even the great Lady Starra Starbelt.” She grinned, using the full Earth name. I sighed with revenge.
Rita was acting and sounding like Tele leader Peter, when he was miffed at my irrational Tele performance. Peter would try to chastise me, but that did not work with him as then and this was not going to work with her now.
No citizen could stop her.
Rita was correct with that nasty selfish comment, because Rex, Rann, Bartholomew and Dirk were not capable of stopping her, but I happened to know of another capable citizen who happened to be living in the new galaxy too. I sighed with purpose.
“You’re doing it again, Starra Starbelt. You are dropping down into that ugly zombie-look with your Tele thingy. Whatever! Be afraid of me! I have more baddie news for you, sweetie.” Rita bushed a left hand against her perfectly applied coral colored makeup.
I saw a gigantic glittery object with a gasp, “Stang.” I had a hangman’s noose around my neck as Rex was dead and the only person that could save my bee-hind from death. Baron did not care to marry me. Rann was sad that I was going to die permanently. And Rita flashed her pinky finger with a big fat diamond ring. Her big fat diamond ring was my old engagement ring that was given to me from Bartholomew, which I had worn on my left hand on my fourth finger, yesterday.
“I would invite you to the wedding, sweetie. But, I don’t think you would be able to attend on such short notice.” She hooted with her amusement and fun. I sighed with jealousy.
I said with a lady sneer. “I pity you having to marry a good man, only after losing it all, loser.”
Rita frowned. “That is a witty remark, Starra Starbelt. You’re going to need it and your charming personality in the afterlife.” She spun her body and her dress, whipping the fabric away from her pair of high heeled sandals, trotting a set of three tiny paces towards a big red execution handle and held the handle with her manicured hand. The handle released the floor of the hangman’s gallows from the platform and the floor happened to hold my boots in place with a pink colored rope around my neck. 
The prison guard extended both his open palms, holding a slender piece of rectangular purple ribbon to Rita. “Blind fold for her, Your Highness!”
Rita turned with a lady sneer to see Starra, flexing both of her lean biceps on the drop handler. “No. Let her life flash before her eyes.”
I stared down at the dress hem of Rita, saying with a smile and not nodding with the pink colored top around my neck. “You are so kind and thoughtful for wearing that pretty purple dress to my special event, Rita.”
Rita said with a grin and a giggle. “That’s Empress Rita to you, earthling.” She pushed the handler down with a click. “Prepare to die, alien!” The floor mechanics detached the floor from the platform with a creak as the floor dropped down seventy feet to the cement with a boom.
I did not.
During her long winded speech of bye and hope you suffer forever talk which had exceeding her set time limit of the three minutes. Yeah, I counted. Before, my scheduled appointment to die, I had executed a Tele untie on the purple colored ropes that were annoyingly cutting into my wrist bones, using my T-power telekinesis and I freed my hands. And I had performed a Tele split on the nasty loop of my pink tinted rope necklace, because the swaying gravity friction was cutting into my turtleneck fabric and creating a slightly raw mark on my delicate throat.
I smiled with a set of beautiful white teeth, performing a Tele lift from the floor and Tele pose in the air almost even with the nose bleed game seats in the stadium. Then, I lifted and dangled my hand in the air showing off a set of pink and purple ropes and opened my hand as the colorful ropes fell down the floor hole.
Rita gasped in shock, hissed in angry, back stepped over her dress train, and spun around, racing down each step with a shout out. “Grab her! Get her! Get her you, fools!” The big tall guards climbed over each other on the narrow steps, because there was no floor to stand and shoot. Rita slowly descended down the steep step with a sneer. “Kill her, you, idiots!”
I performed a Tele float down to the narrow section of the platform, pressing my frame against the solid wall corner intersection of hangman’s gallows.
The dumb muscle bound men and women pulled out their masers and sent a wave of red beams at Starra. Red was the kill mode on a maser which disintegrated a live and breathing body into a pile of drifting gray ashes.
I jerked both the bracelets to my face, protecting my freckles as the diamonds absorbed each deadly red wave without any effort. I sighed with my life force.
Numerous red waves targeted my body and as, I swung both my arms in a pattern of vertical, horizontal, and sideway movements. The twin diamonds ate each shot after shot of fire from the annoying guards. Then I finally used my brain cells and reflected a single red wave back to each shooter as my red wave hit their boot toe and the step. And I watched with amusement. A yellow spark ignited and then turned into a red and blue fire ball which exploded in the air waves. Each guard dove off via their boot heels, landing on top of the bouncy trampoline for an easy escape from the prisoner. I giggled with my new entertainment.
I exhaled with a puff of confusion, whispering for my eardrum only. “What, now? Do I run, fight, surrender or destroy?” I slapped the bracelets down to my legs and then lifted them up into my face, examining the pretty gems on my wrists and remembered that the verbal warning from Rosa.
Do not smash the stones.
I flipped my inner arms over seeing the shiny diamonds and lifted up stretching both my arms into the air while making them parallel to each other and away from my face.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Control.
I pulled all the air current and all my T-powers of telepathy, telekinesis, teleclairvoyance, and telemetabolics coupled with my physical human strength like Rosa had taught me creating a big Tele cloud and smashed my wrists together, shuttering forever the beautiful two stones.
The diamond chips in an assortment of shapes and sizes exploded like a mist of fine black powder over my hair, face, turtleneck, collar bone, breasts, arms, hands, skirt, legs, and both my cowgirl boots even covering the twin pink toes glistening in red and blue colored snowflakes twinkling from the beaming sunlight.
I parted my wrists, dropping my arms, examining the twin bracelets as I saw only two empty shells glistening in golden colors which had remained intact, but each diamond had totally disintegrated into nothingness. I sighed with disappointment.
I looked up to see with a Tele scan the sour faces, the destroyed bleachers, and the dry field for a fantastic event which was not occurring within my naked eyeballs and eardrums, “Stang! I didn’t get it, ya’ll.” This had to be the logical reason that Rosa had told me not to ever smash the two diamonds together.
“And, I did it, mama! Now, it produced nothing in the air waves.” I raised my face and my wrist bones towards the skyline closing my eyelashes to the blinding burning sun.
So, I was left with sour puss Rita and a galaxy of unhappy citizens who did not care, want, or desire me. And for my next terrific Tele talent, I would do a jazzy song and a tap dance number.
My Tele eardrums heard a rumble coming from the inner guts of planet Commerce as my boots felt a soft rattle of the brown soil of planet Commerce too. My man-made platform shifted side to side underneath my boots and as I tap danced side to side with the shifting wooden planks.
I opened my eyelashes.
A baby blue sky was repainting into tons of an ugly black clouds and a set of invisible hurricane winds toppled down each noble flag and the royal banners over the top of the stadium, sending them down to the grass. The black clouds smashed together, creating a boom and numerous yellow crooked lightning bolts danced across the black sky and then struck down the field leaving a black imprint and a wicked blue flash.
More loud sounds of a bang, a boom, a crack, and a clink echoed in the air, around the stadium, and over the manicured lawn of the field. The citizens screamed and ran down from the bleachers, carrying their babies as the rumbling earth shook and shifted with opening and swallowed up the tiny figures. Numerous earthquakes danced with the structure walls, dropping tons of hard stones and high roof tiles on the manicured lawn, the field grass, and the groups of citizens.
Rita stopped and stood on top of the wooden steps, shifting side to side, spinning around and pretended to eye killed Starra with a sour frown and a lady sneer. “I’ll get you, later, earthling.”
I stared back and pretended to eye kill her face, too, saying with a lady sneer. “You can try anytime you desire, princess!” Rita swung around and slowly moved down the steps in her long dress with scream falling off to the side, landing down in the middle of the trampoline, too.
I laughed at her comical performance. I sighed with amusement.
The black sky created another set of musical tones with a bang then a boom, then a crackle, and finally a clink. A yellow lightning bolt sounded with a crackle, streaking prettily above my skull and as the numerous tiny blue colored streams of electrical currents tingled around my sweaty freckles and plastered hair bangs to my forehead. Then, the lightning bolt pierced directly on my brain matter.
And then, I passed out into darkness, totally.
Present day and place and space and time


Unknown place. Unknown time. Unknown day


I numbingly sat inside my assigned seat and purposefully blinked with my eyelashes shut in a hot cabin inside my ancient Earth space shuttle. I did not move, think, or pray. I sighed with thankfulness.
I reached down and un-belted a set of rough cloth restraints around my chest and then reached up, quickly popping my space suit helmet off my sweaty skull, feeling something wet, cold, and sticky sweat against the nape of my neck. I turned and stared in horror at rear back rest on my assigned ratty automobile seat inside the grounded space shuttle. The back rest sparkled in ugly puke green mouth vomit coming from the open red swollen lips on an unconscious Tele-astronaut Lulu, who was seated behind my automobile chair. Then, I yelled out loud in fury. “What the hey?”
The space shuttle commander Peter appeared and stood upright over the silver tinted hair roots on Starra, squatting down on the floor and stared into the nose profile on Starra, scanning her hair roots down to her space suit boots with a worried brow. “Are you all right, Starra?”
I swung my curls around and scanned the interior cabin setting, seeing an alive and breathing Tele mate, who stared back at my person in silence.
Behind Starra’s row of automobile chairs, Tele mate, elderly, petite, and overweight Lulu blinked open her eyelashes with a gasp and then slowly slid out from her automobile chair, falling back down into the chair with a giggle. She slowly stood upright again and carefully slid into the empty narrow aisle, dancing forward, running into the folded body on Peter.
Peter tumbled sideways with a smile and then sat upright on his kneecaps, slowly standing upright with a grin at Lulu.
Lulu continued to dance back and forth and wore her outer space white tinted body suit within the narrow aisle in the space shuttle cabin, wiping out the glowing puke green vomit from her nose and her lips, flinging the nasty body liquid in the air.
I swiftly lifted and waved both my arms above my hair roots building a quickie Tele-shield over my precious body as some of Lulu’s nasty puke green mouth vomit particles hit my invisible shield and then landed back down on the floor and each side wall.
The rest of her nasty puke green vomit particles landed and then clung to the ceiling, each wall, the floor, and some of the mounted automobile chairs.
Lulu waved both arms in the air and shouted out loud with a smile of happiness. “I was right. I was right. There’s a brown planet, a blue sky, and a yellow sun.” She trotted her fat fanny ahead, stopped and then leaned down into invisible Tele-shield over the silver tinted hair roots on Starra, speaking and mouth spitting more green colored vomit particles through the air. “Do you see here, Miss Don’t-know-it-all? I am right. Your plan did not work.” She stuck out her green coated vomit-coated tongue and then wiggled it back and forth while holding upright an empty syringe that used to contain a sleeping tranquilizer contents.
Within the protective invisible Tele-shield, I reached up and rubbed my sweaty forehead with my gloved hand while recalling a different outer space adventure which went something like this.



During the space flight, Tele astronaut Lulu had broken the Tele mediation cycle with a loud vocal panic, when the space shuttle was trapped inside the guts of the pretty red and yellow tinted wormhole in the Milky Way Galaxy.

I had reached out and grabbed the syringe needle from the side first aid kit by my leg. 
The close syringe needle contained a sleeping tranquilizer.

Then I had viciously stabbed her naked arm through the lousy outer space suit using my Tele power of telekinesis.

Then I had personally shuffled the dead space shuttle out from of wormhole, saving the day.



Inside the interior of the space shuttle cabin, Tele-astronaut Lulu shuffled away from Starra with a smile and started to dance and sing with happiness over the naked tile floor between the rows of bolted chairs, moving ahead toward the exit hatchway inside the grounded space shuttle.
Within the same row, inside my automobile chair, I wore the same confused brow and whispered for my eardrums only, “Yeah, that’s the way it happened.” I sighed with memory loss.
Peter squatted back down and leaned into the cheekbone on Starra, saying with a sour frown. “You had tried to stab Lulu with the medical needle, but then you had accidentally injected the serum down into your leg, because of the violent turbulent inside the outer space shuttle cabin. Then, you had passed out, Starra. You have been unconscious for the entire space trip starting at the entrance hole within the wormhole to the end point here. We have landed on Planet Vor from the talents hands of our pilots Jim and Cervantes.”
Near the open hatchway on the ship, tall, dark skinned, fellow Tele mate Kenya stood upright near an opening and held a flip-flopping stomach, saying with an ashen face of fear. “Starra, she was the lucky one. That landing was a very scary ride. I don’t want to repeat it, again, ever,” he moved ahead and stopped at the edge of the archway, jumping down onto the ground, disappearing from the ship.
Inside my chair, I shifted my weight down onto my two booted feet and then slowly stood upright from the chair while feeling really lousy.
Peter swiftly stood upright from the floor and reached out, grabbing her collar bone with a sour frown, saying down into her hair roots as she was shorter when compared to his tallness. He frowned. “Starra, I want you to rest for a while until all the terrain wagons are fully loaded with the gear. Then we all can investigate our new home world, Planet Vor. You have a nasty headache. So, use your Tele power of telemetabolics and try to clear it away,” he exhaled with annoyance and released his hand from her collar bone, back stepping from Starra, spinning around and then exited the space ship into the bright light on the new planet soil
On top of the foreign ground, the other Teles shuffled around in the fresh air and the bright yellow light on a healthy sun as leader Peter shouted out all of his commands.
Inside the cabin of the space shuttle, I scooted back down into my automobile back rest chair and closed my eyelashes, performing a Tele zap with my Tele power of telemetabolics, quickly clearing a dizzy headache from the strong tranquilizer potion and then executed a Tele-heal on a few of my annoying body aches and pains which occupied my battered and bruised human body.
Then I slowly shifted my weigh back down onto my two booted feet and gingerly stood upright from the chair in place for a few seconds. My eyeballs darted side to side counting twelve sitting seats in good condition. I scooted sideways and slid out from the chair, slowly strolling ahead toward the cockpit in the shuttle with an open hatch door for an invited visitor. I sighed with confusion.
I stopped and stood inside the open archway and viewed the dirty forward windshield, moving ahead and then halted in front of the cockpit console, leaning a face over the pilot chair. I studied the small visual radar and viewed the rough terrain. I sighed with surprise.
A series of tall brown tinted mountains rolled on one side. A grove of dead brown colored tall trees, a row of dead short brown bushes, and a tons of dead yellow grass foliage lined the opposite side. There was a narrow dusty vehicle pathway in the middle of the brown planet.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything is fine.
I looked up and stared out the dirty forward window again, cocking a chin to the side and softly announce. “There is a structure about thirteen miles, northeast, from our position.”
Inside the co-pilot chair, Cervantes shifted and re-positioned an active radar toward a northeast direction, checking her correct information, saying with a loud grunt. “How do you know that, Starra?”
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Control.
I performed a Tele view and viewed an object within my mental mind and my metaphysically eyeballs. An eighteen-story beaten up ancient warehouse was covered in green vines and dried leaves. I blinked open my eyelashes and then frown at the window. “I’m a Tele.”
Cervantes wiggled side to side inside co-pilot chair and reached out with a sour frown, fiddling with the panel of switches on the cabin console, saying with a grunt. “I forget.”
The speaker box on the console beeped out loud.
“Juan, I need your help in engineering, please,” the voice on Jim shouted out loud via the tiny speaker.
Cervantes swung the chair around with a sour frown then swiftly stood upright with a sneer, moving ahead, bumping into an upright Starra on purpose and then exited through the cockpit.
Inside the cabin, I was alone. I exhaled with nervousness and spun around from the back rest on the pilot chair, following the back spine on Cervantes. I wore a puzzled brow and a worried heart while working to complete my assigned Tele duty as the farmer on the first intergalactic space mission, verifying a new planet for old earthlings. “Joy!” I whispered for my eardrums only.
Inside the open hatchway, co-pilot Cervantes spun around and faced Starra, slowly back stepping down a provided metal ladder toward the solid ground and then jumped down onto the brown soil. He slowly strolled ahead and ducked down, working underneath the belly on the space shuttle with pilot Jim.
My turn!
I moved ahead with a stern face toward the bright sunlight outside and stopped, standing on the edge of the doorway, performing a Tele jump from the ten-foot space shuttle platform and then executed a perfect Tele landing without a set of bent kneecaps while twirling a set of brown colored tornados in the air waves for fun. I giggled with amusement.
The other Tele mates scooted around the dry soil without making wind tornados and performed their assigned individual Tele job too.
I continued to stand in place and tossed back my skull, eye scanning a bright yellow colored sun, a pretty baby blue tinted sky, a smooth brown colored earth while blinking back a set of gathered wet tears.


I mentally back flashed past into yesterday afternoon, where I had vividly recalled meeting a set of new people, new places, new planets, and new palaces.


Then I mentally flashed back into present, I had traveled through a galactic path in a different space and time while creating a second alien timeline inside the same universe on the same planet.
“I’m back as the alien,” I stared ahead at the working Teles and whispered for my eardrums only.
My eyelashes narrowed as I looked up at a really bright yellow sun again. On Planet Earth, the solar sun was green or blue or red or orange or aqua or another hue of color as I did not have time to dig deeper down into my old memory banks.
Underneath the belly of the space shuttle, Cervantes back stepped from the metal, spun around, and moved ahead blindsiding into an upright Starra with a pointy elbow and a snigger, since both his arms were filled with metal mechanic parts for the space shuttle repair.
I continued to stand in place but tilted to the side from the personal sideways collision that did not harm my body, shaking my waist-long silver tinted curls with annoyance while looking down with a stern face at smooth brown soil. I happened to recognize the same ground color and texture from somewhere, and sometime, and somehow.
Now, I remembered.
I had seen the same ground color and texture a few yesterdays, ago. I signed with confusion.
I continued to stand in place and softly tapped my hand front and back in a swinging motion with a flip-flopping stomach, whispering with a puzzled brow, “Yeah! Doggie do-do! I am back here again. So, I am the alien twice in the new galaxy.” I was careful to softy whisper for my eardrums only before a set of other big Tele-ears picked up my verbal whining.
I continued to stand and shook my bangs into my two eye sockets as the hair fell over my set of eyelashes carelessly.
In the short distance on top of the brown ground, leader Peter stood in place and waved both arms at a stationary row of Earth terrain traveling vehicles, which resembled an outline of a square.
People from Planet Earth


Gigi Flaubert, translator and Tele astronaut with telepathy and
   telekinesis talents

Jim Harris, pilot of Tele mission

Juan Cervantes, co-pilot of Tele mission

Kenya Tanzania, preacher and Tele astronaut with telekinesis

Lulu Smith, cook and Tele astronaut with teleclairvoyance,
     telepathy and telekinesis talents

Maritza, mistress overseer on Starbelt Plantation, Hunts-Bama

Ming, master overseer on Starbelt Plantation at Hunts-Bama

Mohammed Saudi, physician and Tele astronaut with
      telemetabolics and telekinesis talents

Natasha Karsarina, huntress and Tele astronaut with telekinesis

Peter Martin, administrator and Tele astronaut with telepathy
   and telekinesis talents

Starra Starbelt, farmer and Tele astronaut with telepathy,
     telekinesis, teleclairvoyance and telemetabolics talents
Alien Day 19


Planet Bonita location
Crash site ancient Earth space shuttle setting
Blue sky with white clouds and yellow sun
Hot temperatures and bright sunshine
Early afternoon (Earth time)
Dirt ground setting


I slowly trotted away from the space shuttle in a sweaty jumpsuit and a pair of three-inched knee high boots wondering about my clothing selection process with a pair of a girly fashion boots.
The pair of girly fashion boots had looked really cute sitting lonely on the shoe shelf during the selection process at the Dall-Tex biosphere. The extra-high heel inches made me taller like a fashion model at five feet and four inches, instead of five feet and one inch. I studied the pair of short black colored practical hiking boots that wiggled on each foot on my Tele mate Lulu as each one of my fashion spiked heels silently drowned down into the soft soil.
I stopped and arrived alive with a grin, standing at the nose profile of Peter.
He reached out and slapped the seat on a solar bike that looked like a little kid’s fun ride with a set of two old-fashioned split handler bars, holding a sophisticated bunch of controls: Go. Stop. Reverse.
I giggled at the bike seat in the shape of a banana in black, not yellow.
No joke!
The biggest surprise, there was not a set of rolling wheels, only a pair of long flat skis like it had been used during an ancient Earth snow skiing sport. Skiing had been performed by people that lived inside one of western biospheres. I should have participated in skiing on snow for the outta-this-world-adventure rather than this freebie freaking ride, which I did not actually experience as I had been unconscious per Peter.
Beside the solar bike, Peter leaned over and hugged Starra, whispering into her cheekbone with a smirk. “How are you feeling, Starra?” He crashed her tiny bones with his set of larger bones.
I stared ahead at each Tele mate with a stern face in silence. Each one stood in a row while watching and waiting for Commander Peter. I exhaled a puff of frustration and a nod to each Tele mate.
Lulu waddled away from her personal Earth terrain vehicle, stopped, and stood next to Starra in silence.
Peter smirked in a loud voice for every pair of eardrums. “Good! I’m glad you’re feeling better, Starra. You, Starra, are the farmer. You, Starra, are the superstar. You, Starra, are here to determine, if we die all at once as earthlings. Or if we can’t live here permanently on Vor as earthlings.”
I had not spoken a word about my healthy body, but I did nod in silence acceptance of my primary duty as a farmer at Peter.
Peter continued to smirk. “And don’t worry about your team of Teles. They are not too upset that you had fainted inside the space shuttle cabin. That could have happened to any Tele mate. And you had predicted that would happen to someone on your first day of Alien Protocol. Do you remember making that truly statement, Starra?” He released the hug and moved away from Starra with a chuckle, strolling toward the line of Earth terrain vehicles.
I continued to stand and exhaled with a puff of frustration, wrinkling my forehead, crinkling my nose at his set of true nasty words, since Peter did not know a good joke about aliens.
He slowly strolled away from Starra and ahead toward the line of Tele mates and terrain vehicles, shouting out loud for every pair of eardrums with a chuckle. “Just ignore any nasty badger or banter coming from any other Tele, Starra. Each one had experienced some type of major backlash after excreting almost all their Tele talents and physical strength while guiding the space shuttle out from the dangerous wormhole and then here onto pleasant Planet Vor. While you, Starra, are exist in excellent physical and metaphysically tip top shape now. You just complete your assigned earthling farmer job here as planned and let this all pass you by. Should we, Starra?” He chuckled and stared at the line of Tele mates.
I continued to stand in place and performed a Tele view on each Tele mate. Each Tele stood in place and exhibited an angry face with a set of varied comedian facial expressions like a pair of twisting lips, a pair roaming eyeballs, a wrinkling forehead or a pair flexing biceps. My eyeballs darted across the end of the line of Tele and surveyed the line of terrain vehicle seeing a small black tinted travel bag that was attached onto a bike or a wagon, but mine was not present.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Control.
I performed a Tele-view with my Tele power of teleclairvoyance on the black bag inside my personal locker inside the rear storage room on the grounded and undamaged space shuttle. Then I executed a Tele-zap using my Tele power of telekinesis and broke open the silver tinted lock. Lots of rectangular, square, and circular stuff spilled out from the locker and landed down onto the dirty storage room floor.
On top of the ground, I stood in place and whispered from my eardrums only. “I don’t really give a dang, Scarlette.” I executed a Tele-grip with my Tele power of telekinesis, snatching up the light weight bag containing three clean pairs of girly panties.
You never know when you might get into an outer space star ship accident!
I executed a Tele-grab with my telekinesis on one black colored short-sleeved shirt, a matching pair of running shorts, a pair of black sneakers without the socks. I grabbed a first aid kit, a toothbrush, a hair brush, a tube of lip gloss that I really needed right now. Both my lips and my face were chapped red from a bright hot sun on the mysterious planet inside the new galaxy. And I finally performed a Tele-lift with my telekinesis on the United Earth Government issued hand pistol dumping each hovering item down into my travel bag and then executed a Tele-zip on the silver tinted zipper. The bag closed shut.
My travel bag magically performed a Tele-float with my pair of invisible Tele-hands lifting up from the floor, through the air, and out the shuttle archway as the bag performed a Tele-float three feet over the brown dirt coming directly to Starra.
I could have hovered my travel bag at five feet up from the dirt or maybe ten feet or maybe twenty-two feet in the air waves like a real she-ghost.
Then the travel bag executed a Tele-halt with my telekinesis down into my pair of cupped hands with murderous impact. I giggled at my Tele strength and then back stepped in my fashion boots sinking down into the dirt again. I cut my eyeballs to Peter who had finished checking the flying controls on my bike like an Earth farmer is an idiot. 
Okay.
Peter believed that Starra was an idiot after her fainting spell during the intergalactic trip into a new galaxy as I quickly read his open mental mind.
At the Dall-Tex biosphere, I had showed off within each Tele Training session graduating the head of my Tele class while doing everything first. I had lifted the first grandfather clock up from the floor extending 350 feet mark in the air, because I was the superstar Tele student. Then, the superstar Tele girl had fainted inside the ship cabin during liftoff…naw…during cruising…naw…during my bathroom break.
I continued to stand and softly giggled at my mental joke.
Honestly, I recalled a different alien tale that I was not going to repeat into a set of listening eardrums, because my other Tele-mates did not like my person right now as each one was jealous of my Tele talents and probably hated my guts, to boot.
Yeah, I could Tele-hear with my Tele power of telepathy each soft mutter and snarly mumble coming from each Tele mate about the failed Tele superstar.
Peter leans over and starts the solar bike for Starra, standing upright with a smile.
At the end of the line with terrain vehicles, pilot Jim reached up and cupped both his hands over a mouth, yelling out loud to Peter. “All the trains are loaded, Peter.” He spun around with a smile and moved ahead to the first solar vehicle assisting sweet Gigi with her travel bag into an empty seat beside him like a nice gentleman from Planet Earth.
I continued to stand with a smile and mentally wished for my own “gentleman of any outer space planet” and slammed my cloth bag over one of the bike handles.
Peter continued to stand and annoyed Starra, reaching over, securing her travel bag onto the handle bicycle.
Lulu stood in the shadow of Starra and turned bad breathing at the jaw line on Starra as Lulu was much shorter than petite Starra. She smirked again. “I am right.”
I swung my curls and then eye burned the four thick food bars which was made of chocolate, peanuts, rice, and a sweet smelling gooey something inside the left hand on Lulu while realizing that I was both hungry and exhausted.
The metaphysical mistress, who was a queen-sized woman at four feet and eleven inches, weighing in a one hundred and sixty-two pounds and ten ounces and was probably three pounds heavier now. She displayed pixie white hair over a tone of pink tinted skin, a pair of green dancing eyes while staring at Starra.
She swallowed the lumpy bar. Then she connected, linked, and Tele talked to Peter: Trains are ready, Peter. We should leave now, before Starra faints again from the harsh sunlight. Since, I cannot perform her secondary job gathering soil samples which doesn’t require any Tele talents. Thank goodness for that blessing! Is that not right, Starra?
I could hear Lulu’s tele message inside my mental mind and then looked down sneering into her gray haired hair roots from that nasty mental message.
Peter reached over, grabbed, and gently pulled the fat arm on Lulu, moving them away from Starra, sounding with a chuckle. “Behave, children! I wanna a pow-wow first with all of my new alien instructions.” He and Lulu moved ahead and cuddled together while whispering a set of secret words into each other eardrum, probably talking about Starra.
I moved ahead and as each one of my spiked heels alternatively sunk down into the soft dirt following the back spine of Peter and Lulu.
The other Teles huddled inside a loose semi-circle in front of the line of Earth terrain vehicles that was powered by sunlight. Peter and Lulu stopped and stood inside the huddle. 
Peter pointed down with a smile at the brown soil and then lifted up the same finger, pointing into a northwest direction.
I continued to slowly stroll ahead and whispered for my eardrums only. “Bonita.” I jerked a face down, kicking down at the brown dirt with my boot toe, feeling a yellow sunshine which heated my golden tinted facial freckles. I halted several feet from Peter and the line of other Teles.


I mentally flashed back past within the first alien timeline, when I had single-handed crash-landed the ancient Earth space shuttle here on Planet Bonita, eighteen days ago.


Then I mentally flashed present on a strange new world, I remembered the real name of this plot of brown tinted dirt which was not called Vor or New Earth and was not related to a single earthling.
Peter continued to stand and lectured inside the huddle while grinning at each face, “…strange structure is about thirteen miles, northeast, from our position between the range of tall mountains on the left and the trees on the right. We will transverse down a dry narrow path in the middle of Vor as to our destination.” He sipped and then swallowed on the bottled Earth water.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything is fine.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Control.
I performed a Tele-view, seeing an eighteen story old warehouse within my metaphysically eyes and then blink open my eyelashes.
In front of the semi-huddle of Teles, Peter pointed ahead at the line of Earth terrain vehicles with a smile and a nod. “Everyone, go and grab a seat on one of the terrain trains or an individual one-seater solar bike. Don’t gun the engines! We travel slowly at twenty miles-per-hour. We investigate the structure which is thirteen miles, northeast, from us first. Then we will scout out for any animals or plants or both second. Does everyone understand my orders?”
Each skull nodded with a grin in silence.
Peter slapped his chest with a laugh. “Follow the leader! That’s me. I always wanted to say that.” He moved ahead with a chuckle and stopped, tossing a leg over the banana seat of an individual solar bike, sitting down. He gunned the slow putt-putt engine forward and led the line of Earth land vehicles.
I jogged ahead toward my individual solar bike which stood at the end of the long and lonely line.
Each Tele slowly traveled in a single file on top of a four-wheeled terrain vehicle. The larger vehicle towed an attached wagon that held survival equipment.
I stopped and tossed a leg over the banana-shaped seat on my bike, sitting upright and then leaned back into the padded back rest, wiggling my fanny comfortably down into the seat that feels funny between my legs.
I located an embedded music player with a set of pre-loaded music tapes during one of my numerous Tele training exercises with Pilot Jim. I had loaded 5,874 pieces of junk into an empty shuttle cargo bay during my boring Tele training on Planet Earth.
I reached down and tapped the purple tinted button, lifting up and the propping my pair of fashion boot toes onto each handle bar which connected to the bike console, closing my eyelashes. 
I connected, linked, and then Tele commanded to the solar bike: Move forward.
I could Tele-view a flat brown tinted dirt roadway inside my mental mind.
A loud musical song with a set of sharp fiddles and baritone banjos strummed out loud from a recorded country music inside my music player which invaded my eardrums as the sound echoed forward into the first solar vehicle that held both Kenya and Lulu.
Inside the terrain train vehicle, Lulu sat beside Kenya and performed a Tele-sight using her Tele power of teleclairvoyance, going into an open mind on Starra first, opening her parts lips in silence.
Then Lulu connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Starra: Shut that off, Starra.
I continued to lounge inside my banana seat with my eyelashes shut and executed a gigantic Tele-shield with my Tele talent of telepathy around my body while giggling with a grin for her annoyance and my pleasure.


I mentally back flashed past one hour and thirty-five minutes, when I had flown off the dirt from the Dall-Tex Biosphere and then flying through outer space and into the bright stars.

I had been Earth-girl Starra Starbelt, an official United North American Government ecosphere administrator for my crop farm which was called Starbelt Plantation.
I had measured five feet and one inch short in height, weighing in at ninety-five pounds and one-ounce, possessing a head of waist long gray colored hair…


Then I mentally flashed back present sitting inside the Earth terrain bike, “What!” I gasped in alarm and flipped open both of my eyelashes, blinking from the bright sunlight. I leaned both breasts forward toward the bike console and reached around, grabbing up my waist-length hair, twisting the strands into a thick ponytail. I swished the smooth hairy ends toward my puzzled face, seeing silver-grayish colored hair that went down to my waist.
“Geez! I must have been day dreaming again that I had crash-landed the ancient space shuttle down on top of this plot of dead, brown earth, which was correctly named Bonita, during my drug-snoozed sleep on-board the space shuttle.” I frowned at the ugly sight on the ugly brown colored, dead planet. “Yeah, that mental thought does not make any sense, even for me,” I continued to fly the bike over the dirt.
Inside the train terrain vehicle, Lulu swiftly swung around and stared with puzzlement at Starra in silence.
I lifted my hand and then presented a one single finger digit to Lulu while laughing out loud and then leaned back into the padded chair, closing my eyelashes. I allowed my mental mind to drift back through outer space and return back home to Planet Earth for a few seconds.


I mentally back flashed past, a few days ago, when I had rode my horse who was named Thunderfoot inside the flat and open green tinted meadow fields on my private farm of 6,178-acres that contained cotton, corn, and cows.

I had ventured away from the house examining a patch of weird-o gray tinted short flowers and tall ugly black tinted weeds on the ground that surrounded my personal farm ecosphere with great fear.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present within a new galaxy, on a new planet, in the bright new sunshine, my bike speaker box on the console imitated the tenor voice on Peter. “Halt!”
Each solar vehicle slowed, then stalled and finally stopped in the air. The bike speaker with Peter’s tenor voice said into Starra’s console. “Get off the transport. We walk from here. Stay sharp. Be quiet. We don’t want to disturb the aliens.” The speaker box chuckled with Peter’s laughter.
I slowly lowered my bike down and parked on a plot of hard, dry, brown tinted dirt, activating the solar battery pack while regenerating the transport for the next fun trip. I slid off the seat and stood upright on top of the hard dirt, whispering for my eardrums only, “I am the alien.”
The other Teles slid off and fell down to the hard ground like a dropped log one at a time, landing on a face, then a chest, and finally their two kneecaps while spreading over the ground like a dead spider.
Tele mate Lulu slowly crawled ahead from the line of vehicles on her belly button. Then she connected, linked, and then Tele talked to everyone: Get down to the ground, Starra!
The other Teles ignored Lulu and stared ahead at the same object.
I continued to stand beside my solar bike and ignored Lulu for fun while staring studiously at a very tall warehouse building which is colored in faded brown paint, exhaling with intrigue.
The single alien structure was huge measuring eighteen-stories high that was surrounded by miles of naked, brown tinted, dead dirt. The ugly building was covered with lots of dead plant vines, eight dried up and dead flower beds, and one battered, beaten, and weathered single entrance door that led into something that I did not want to see or hear or know, ya’ll. 
I whispered for my eardrums only, “I have traveled through a time warp and have arrived back here at the same spot for a second time. Yes, I have been here before.”
Lulu rested over the hard ground and leaned over, grabbing a small clump of brown dirt, tossing the dirt clump at the closest fashion boot on Starra for attention.
I felt the dirt clump and ignored Lulu while pondering scientifically the reason of my intrigue, confusion, and puzzlement.
I whispered for my eardrums only, “Yeah, I am stuck in a space loop or a time space warp or an alien time line, where both time and space are repeating itself over and over and over again. Because, I am telling ya’ll that I have been here on this same planet inside this same galaxy before which was precisely nineteen days ago. And this phenomenon does exist coming from my extensive reading with books, maybe the novels represent a set of science fiction books, but it still really exists, where a living human person visits inside an unknown universe twice or two times, not once.” I sighed with familiarity.
Lulu reached over and lifted up, tossing a rotten tree branch at the same dirty fashion boot on Starra as the dry tree stick broke in half. She whispered out loud. “Get down, Starra! Before the aliens see you.” She crawled forward on fives (the palms, the kneecaps, and the belly button) joining up with the other Teles leaving behind an upright Starra.
The horizontal and stationary line of Tele mates, viewing from left to right include Lulu, Peter, Saudi, Kenya, Gigi, Jim, and Cervantes, retrieved a hand pistol in a shooting hand to shoot more dead tree limbs. They hid behind a row of two horizontal dead and dry brown tinted bushes while secretly spying on the beaten and battered warehouse door.
Peter belly crawled forward and then halted behind the next dry and dead brown tinted plant brush as all the Teles eagerly watched in silence.
Peter signaled a folded hand with a set of wiggling five fingers at co-pilot and soldier Cervantes.
Cervantes belly crawled forward with a soft sneer and passed Peter, so Cervantes could soldierly guard the rest of the Teles. He halted at the next dead and dried brown tinted row of plant bushes.
I was attacked on the same fashion boot again during my giggling bout.
Lulu reached out and lifted up, back tossing a brown tinted hard small rock at the same fashion boot on Starra, scraping the black leather. She whispered. “Get down, alien!”
I obeyed and then dropped down on fours (two palms and two kneecaps) with a snarl.
Lulu advanced ahead with a snaky movement and then stopped, resting next to Cervantes in silence while watching the warehouse structure.
“No one is home,” I whispered for my eardrums only and then executed a Tele-switch with telepathy. I used a Tele mind probe and scanned for a person or an animal or another live thing inside the ugly tall warehouse, discovering none of these nouns. I sighed with familiarity.
For Peter’s next Tele trick, he performed a Tele lift on a small tree twig from the dry brown tinted weeds, executing a Tele shove through the air and then into one of the slashed cracks on the side glass window. The twig executed a Tele-fly through the cracked glass and then a Tele hover of the twig in the air, without vocally reporting back its findings.
I exhaled with annoyance at the silly Tele games and executed a Tele-jump from a horizontal pose, swiftly standing upright on top of the dry, dead dirt, wiggling both of my ears and my nose tip like a witch.
Nothing happened.
I was not a witch, but a Tele astronaut, ya’ll.
I swiftly stepped forward on a right fashion boot as I was right-handed which was the strongest side on my body and nosily crushed down a pile of dry leaves with my cute fashion boots. I cut a solo crunchy path toward the alien warehouse passing leader Peter on top of the dirt. Then I performed a Tele-leap over the set of rotten wooden stairs.
Yeah, I recalled doing the same maneuver from the first alien timeline, darling.
I executed a Tele landing on top of the front porch. The rows of weather rotten planks did not like Starra and swiftly broke down into tiny pieces of sawdust in silence. Yipe! I fell down and landed on top of more dry, dead dirt without any insects.
Thank almighty goodness!
Behind the rear skull on Starra, the stationary row of other Teles viciously laughed out loud from Starra’s non-serious accident.
Inside the front porch planks, I performed a Tele-jump with telekinesis and then beautifully re-landed in front of the entrance door. Then I lifted up and reared back a leg at the kneecap, kicking the snot out of the closed entrance door with a booted sole as the rotten door breaks apart and sprays hundreds of pieces of smelly rotten wood products through air waves while creating a clear opening for my entrance.
Then I rushed two steps which was like a glissade. Yeah, I did ballet, too. A glissade was a slide of your outstretched horizontal foot heel in front of your horizontal right foot, instead I slid a left front toe besides a right foot standing barely inside the open archway and then permanently stopped to see in awesome and to breathe in awe.
Inside the unknown warehouse interior with peeling dull tan colored paint with one or two spider cobwebs inside each wall corner near the ceiling and numerous crawling brown colored cockroaches inside each wall corner on top of the dusty tile floor, three silver tinted starships stood upright and center within the middle of a large room. Each one was covered in annoy of silver tinted white cobwebs.
I ain’t touching that.
On the forward wall, half of the wall contained black colored cabinets which was closed but gleaned in brown colored dust. The other half of the wall was peeling tan colored paint and an open archway that led into a tiny room with some dull looking appliances.  And finally, a creepy and scary emptiness inside the strange unfamiliar room stared back into my eyeballs.
I continued to stand upright like an alien princess of the universe and shouted out loud for each Tele eardrum, “All clear!”
Cervantes stood upright from the dry soil first with a loud grunt and dashed through the dry and dead weeds, performing a perfect slam dunk into her back spine, shoving Starra first deeper into the empty room. Peter burned a set of invisible fire balls behind the skull of her head with a set of furious quiet emotions.
Yeah, my T-powers screamed with alert from behind my butt-hole.
Peter stood with a snarl and moved through the dry and dead weeks, scooting through the archway with a smile, parking his tallness in the middle of the star ships that were painted silver tints inside ta really big non-dancing hall room.
Kenya stood and rushed across the dry and dead grass, through the archway with a smile, stepping through the doorway with a chuckle. “Wow, this place is great. Can we take it back with us on the shuttle to show the other earthling?”
“Look at this room!” Gigi stood and rushed across the ground, moving through the archway, swishing a happy face side to side at the dimensions of the large and abandoned alien warehouse.
“Don’t touch anything, unless it is scanned first!” Peter scanned the room with a smile and a nod without moving. He focused one eyeball on Teles and the other on the ship, saying with a smile and a nod. “Lulu, set up the kitchen and food refreshment service, please. Kenya and Gigi, secure the remaining portion of the interior house and the outside grounds, please. Starra, I want specimens of soil, animal, and plants, since you’re the farmer here.” He said without the word, please, staring at her back spine with a frown of fury.
I stood and scanned the room, feeling the familiar warm air of the warehouse and the familiar cold breeze of Peter, wondering if he knew my alien secret, since I had visited her before during the first alien timeline.
He turned with a smile to see Saudi. “Saudi, please do a series of medical and mental bio scans of all personnel for an infections, diseases, or germs. Huntress, please scout for any life forms, human, or animals within a five mile radius of this structure. Well, move people, we don’t have all day to stay and play. We finish and drive back home, reporting our success and celebrate with a victory party, while I use my Tele and common sense talents to examine these ancient vehicles.” Peter turned and shuffled to the smallest ship as the rest of the Teles scattered like field mice for the practiced and prepared Tele duties.
I turned and stared at the back spine of Peter. He leaned over and gently touched the top of the ship, closing his eyelids to gather a Tele connection. I whispered for my eardrums only. “Zipper, the ship is named appropriately a zipper. It holds two people and one piece of small luggage for a married couple,” giggling. I closed my eyelashes and rubbed the nape of a sweaty neck, gracefully pirouetting to the open archway, strolling through the archway, over the dead weed, and stopped at solar bike with my eyelashes closed. I was good.
I opened my eyelashes, scanning the ugly dry and yellow and dead landscape, wrapping both arms around a body with a warm sensation. I sighed with familiarity.
I scooted onto the seat, performing a Tele lift with telekinesis, not wanting to scare off the natives with a giggle and a grin, sailing in a westerly direction in the air waves for three miles.
I arrived at the three mile mark based on Earth mathematical measurement with cool temperatures and a cold light breeze. I executed a Tele halt with my mind of telekinesis and a giggle. I loved being a Tele life form. I slid off the bike as it fell over the dry and dead weeds. I really didn’t need to use the solar bike from planet Earth, since I could have used a Tele ran back to the alien warehouse.
I stood on the landscape, seeing dead grass, dead leaves, dead trees, and dead flowers inside a dead forest, feeling depressed. So I looked up to the skyline, seeing a yellow sun, blue sky, and tons of fluffy white clouds, feeling happiness.
I looked straight ahead, closing my eyelashes, seeing the tall and ugly brown painted warehouse in the south direction as opposed to the north direction, feeling alone. I turned and did not stare with my eyeballs but my Tele eyes in the northern direction with a whisper and a worried brow, feeling nervous. “Castle.” I shook my long silver colored curls, clearing a set of jumbled mental thoughts as a visitor from planet Earth, opening my eyelashes to the dead brown and yellow landscape, correction there as a returning visitor from planet Earth back to the dead brown and yellow sorta familiar landscape.
Now, I had returned back here as Farmer Starra, reaching down and fumbled for the bag leather case of soil equipment from the fallen solar bike, leaning over and pulled out three transparent specimen bottles from the storage pouch on the bike and popped off the rubber lid on the first bottle. I nervously juggled the three bottles like a stupid clown, dropping all three on the dirt. I squatted to examine the soil, feeling it hard and dry, thinking brilliantly doomed. “The planet is dead. No life! No bacteria! No food! And there is no hope for the soon to be dead species of earthlings.” I sighed with disappointment.
Food could not be grown without lots of nutrients inside the fertile soil as I dropped down on both kneecaps and plowed an empty bottle into the dead soil to gather more dead hard dry brown dirt. I mentally noted that the soil was a little darker than the normal pale tan color from the first alien timeline,” shaking my curls with confusion. I lifted the first dirt sample with a smile, “Plant sample.”
I smashed the rubber lid on the top of the bottle, turning to eye burn the plot of numerous dead trees, dead bushes, and dead grass, standing and trotted to the nearest dead tree trunk. I kneecapped on the weeds and crunched, collecting some of the dead brown dry leaves, stuffing them into a second specimen bottle. I pondered deeply about an animal specimen.
If a solo animal was here, then I needed to collect a piece of animal’s dookie sample and analyze the bacteria content like a real Earth scientist. I executed a Tele scan with teleclairvoyance, seeing nothing. There were  not one beasty life form in the baby blue sky, on the dry dull brown land, and in the rich black murky sea ocean in the southern hemisphere of the planet. Yeah, I was that good of a Tele.
I whispered for my eardrums only. “Dirk.” He existed here too and was the only beast life form on Bonita. I opened my eyelashes and surveyed the sky, and the landmass, seeing no pure drinking water. I sighed with nervousness.
Return to base. Peter connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Starra.
I gasped with my time reality, accessing my teleclairvoyance as I had been day dreaming the day away for one hour, four minutes, and thirty-nine seconds of Earth time. I sighed with shock.
I stood upright from the dry soil and dashed to the solar bike, flinging a hand of telekinesis as the solar bike rose from the ground, sailing through the air, going back to the warehouse. I performed a Tele dash and a Tele leap into the air, soaring through the sky with a giggle and a grin, executing a Tele land on top of the banana-shaped seat.
In front of the abandoned warehouse, I performed a Tele halt with a jolt of giggles, executing a Tele lift into the air for some more fun. I loved being a Tele life form as the solar bike hit the dry ground with swirls of dust bunnies. I performed a Tele float, slowly flying through the air and executed a Tele drop over the nice part of the busted wooden planks on the front porch. I exhaled with a puff of delight, moving through the archway, hearing the loud words.
Peter shouted to the freaking serious-minded attentive Teles, bowing both arms in a half-moon with a set of wiggling fingers and a smile. “I dub this space, the exhibition.”
I continued to stroll around the space ships with a whisper for my eardrums only. “Museum is a better term for this space and place and room.”
Peter reached out and patted the top of the smallest ship with a chuckle, enjoying his prime time duty as a space man from Earth, reading out loud the electronic tablet from the ship compartment. “I’ve done my homework here. The small one here is called a zipper that holds two people and one bag of luggage.” Each Tele turned to come and surround the paint job of the star ship with sounds of giggles and chuckles of delight.
Lulu rushed from a side door with a smile and a nod to Peter, parking beside him. “Kitchen’s ready, sir.” She lifted and ate another bite of the good smelling chocolate bar.
Saudi stopped and parked beside Lulu with a smile and a nod. “No contamination, no infections, and no sickness to report, sir. Everyone’s in excellent health, especially Starra. She recovered well from the sleeping potion.” 
All eyeballs turned to see Starra.
I stopped and back stepped to the archway ready to leap back into the wormhole for home.
Huntress stopped beside Saudi without emotion as usually but a smirk as usually. “No life forms present in the building or outside the perimeter, sir. Should I expand the radius to ten miles, Peter?”
Peter continued to read the electronic tablet from the star ship, shaking his skull. “Not yet! Kenya and Gigi, please report?”
Kenya smiled. “There is life here. I have discovered evidence of humanoids in the elegant body form like us, earthlings.”
Gigi smiled. “I count eight planets that…”
I looked down with a stern face and a whisper to see the floor. “Agri, Sahara, Commerce, Bio, Resort, Tech, Ice, Uni, Bonita, and twin space stations of Militia. There are ten, not eight.” I sighed with too much familiarity.
Lulu turned with a sour frown and slammed a thick hiking boot into the fashion boot of Starra. “What have you found, Starra?”
I turned and sneered over the white colored hair roots of Lulu first and then executed a Tele shield over my mind, quickly forgetting about some of the more talented Teles around my position.
Peter tossed a hand, looking up with a smile to see Tele. “Once, we have returned and reported our newly found alien discoveries, we will come back and set up an Earth based command post, right here. We can learn all about the ancient alien artifacts and study the star ships in more detail. For the time being, we’ll concentrate on the task at hand. Gimme us your farm report in a minute, Starra. Please finish first, Kenya.”
Kenya read from the mini-globe with a smile. “The galaxy has a natural grayish-sparkling white glittery space rock formation in middle of solar system. I find this the strangest type of physics ever seen in a real working application…”
I turned and eye burned the window with a whsiper for my eardrums only, “The Wall.” I sighed with too much familiarity.
“….called an oligarchy which establishes both a noble class and a commoner class, where the noble titles include prince, viscount, duke, governess, countess, and so on. The establishment is funded by an economic system with some type of money. I’m researching that item.”
“Lord Dirk…” I whispered for my eardrums only, seeing the brown dead weeds. I sighed with more familiarity.
Peter nodded with a smile. “You have my permission to recruit anyone you need to assist with your alien data gathering, Kenya. If there are humanoids here, then let’s find out who, what, why, when, where, and how, Tele people.” He turned with a smirk to see the next Tele. “Starra.”
I swallowed the gathered mouth salvia, staring with a poker face at Peter. I had concluded that there was no life on this planet that the brilliant scientists had picked as the new home of earthlings. So, improperly I re-adjusted my words, meekly talking in a soft timber. “I…I have gathered the required samples for an analysis in the United Earth Government laboratory…”
“I can do that.” Cervantes sneered behind the back spine of Starra.
I swung my curls around with a set of invisible x-ray pupils, melting the skull of Cervantes which didn’t seem to work for some reason.
Cervantes snarled into the face of Starra, “What’s your expert farming opinion of the soil on Vor, Farmer Starra?”
I turned to see each smiling Tele, exhaling with a ting of fresh minty breathe. They wanted an answer. I had a good answer. “Dead.” I whispered as each Tele gasped for air or for fright. My Tele senses were too emotional to read a fellow Tele at the moment.
“Dead!” Cervantes tossed both arms with a growl, staring at each Tele. “We flew one point one million years to a…d.e.a.d…planet. Do you actually know what you’re doing, Farmer Brown?”
I knew that I was not Farmer Brown. I was Farmer Starra. And I was sick of his verbal and abusive nasty English remarks directed personally at my IQ and my gray hair, since my first day of Tele Training on planet Earth. I sigh with doom, his butt-hole.
Saudi nodded with a stern face to each Tele. “I agree with Starra’s analysis. I mentioned that we are not contaminated, because it is due to one simple biological fact. There is no bacterium on this dead planet. Starra is correct. This is a…d.e.a.d…world.”
All the other Teles gasped from fright, this time I was pretty sure about that scary sound from their tight throats snort gags.
Huntress nodded with a stern face to each Tele. “I have to concur with Saudi and Starra. No animals living within an area usually means no food, no water, and no life to sustain them.” 
All the other Teles grumbled in both loud and soft musical tones, turning to stare at Peter, the Tele leader.
Peter tossed and waved both arms in the air, calming down the troops with a smile and a nod. “Tele people, calm down! The planet might be dead. Can it be recycled for growing food, Starra?” He turned and stared at her. I sighed with worry.
I theorized based on all my formal education and field experience with a whisper of hope to Peter and the other Teles. “There is a slight possibility that the healthy nutrients and minerals can be forced feed into the soil, creating a section of fertile ground for growing limited crops. But that farm process takes months to complete…”
Peter nodded with a stern face, “Yes or no?”
My eyelashes turned and searched for that peaky cockroach that had sneaked inside the space shuttle and followed us here inside the alien warehouse for food and water. Then my eyeballs looked up to see Peter as I whispered. “N…” Peter clapped with a smile and a nod to Starra. I cringed, “Not…not a negative answer, but the answer is yes.” I sighed with death.
Peter nodded with a smile, “Excellent, that’s the answer I’m seeking. Thank you, Farmer Brown.”
I sneered, “Farmer Starra.”
The other Teles sniggered at the cute remark from Peter. He nodded with a smile. “We have the most important positive feedback and a sound method to revitalize the nutrients in the soil. We can inform the United Earth Government of our working plans to inhabit planet Vor for all the earthlings. Goo and gather more information before it is our time to leave planet Vor for our home, planet Earth.”
I looked down with a stern face and a whisper to see the floor. “Another example of government bull shit...”
Peter moved forward with a sour frown and shuffled to the hair roots of Starra. “Do you have something else to add, Farmer Brown?”
I shook my gray curls to the floor.
Peter turned and smiled to the back spines of each Tele. “We have more questions than answers. I want data. Let’s get to work, Tele people.” He turned and stared down at the hair roots of Starra. “Starra, may I speak with you in private, please?” He spun around, moving to the open archway, exiting into the beautiful weather over the dead weed, scooting far away from the other Teles inside the warehouse.
I slowly pirouetted, still staring down a sad face at the floor, through the open archway and stopped in front of Peter.
He exhaled into her hair roots with a worried brow. “You’re acting very odd, Starra. How did you know this structure was empty? I cannot tell using my telepathy power.”
I back stepped and parked a bee-hind on top of a fallen log, shrugging my shoulders.
Peter looked up with a grin to admire the sky and down to the hair roots of Starra. “I don’t understand any of this. I seem to be having trouble sensing a physical object beyond my normal parameter using my Tele powers. How are you able to perform this feat by yourself?”
I dared not answer his question with truth, since Peter thought that I was incompetent one and absolutely crazy second. Since I really had vacationed here on the planet for the past lovely nineteen fun-filled days and thrilling starry nights of my second Earth-life while I was trapped inside a space alien timeline.
I looked down with a poker face to see the dead weeds and then I lied. “I just know. I can’t explain how. My teleclairvoyance isn’t that bad really. I realized in Tele training that I didn’t show much promise for seeing future events. Lulu always hogged the prediction show. But I do possess some of that moody talent. I guess that I’m able to see things much better being on this alien planet, in the alien galaxy than my native home planet Earth.” I smiled, “I am the alien, here, now.”
Peter frowned at her hair roots. “I see.”
I gasped and softly sniggered, finding those two simple words, very amusing to my psyche.
He frowned at her hair roots more. “Is there anything else you just know about in which I might need to just know about, Starra?”
I looked up with a stern face, executing a Tele mind probe into his open mind: No.
Peter back stepped with a gasp of fear and a nervous timber. “All right…”
I was keeping all my alien secrets secret until I had figure out this alien timeline thing. I sighed with deceit.
Kenya bounced from the warehouse with a smile and intruded upon the private chat, exhaling with a smile and a nod. “I love it here on planet Vor. You can breathe the fresh air within your human lungs. I want to stay permanently and not return to Earth, Peter.”
Peter cleared a dry throat of fear from Starra, turning with a smile and a nod to Kenya. Kenya looked down with a smile, reading from the electronic tablet. “I’ve found some interesting information to share with the group. This world uses a ten base system. Fifty seconds in a minute and fifty minutes in an hour. That calculates into a twenty hour day and three hundred days in one year. Money is the power of glory and attention in this galaxy. It controls everything from foodstuffs, living supplies, work jobs, property land, and people, who attend and perform the social activities and entertainment. The money is termed…”
I whispered for my eardrums only, “Currs.” I sighed with too much familiarity.
Gigi waltzed from the warehouse with a smile, twirling around the fresh air and the pretty landscape, sticking her nose into the private chat too, “Currs, the money is called currs. But I have stumbled upon one speculate item. There is a king, who owns everything, which includes the planets, the money, and the people. He rules over the aristocratic class, consisting of a queen, a prince, a duke, and other named noble titles. The lower class is called commoners, who depend on the nobles for shelter, food, and jobs.”
I whispered for my eardrums only. “Prince Rann.” I sighed with awesome familiarity.
Kenya smiled. “The most important information in this newly discovered society is that people use only first names to address an individual. There are no last names. Nobles have titles. The other people are called commoners.”
I whispered for my eardrums only. “Lady Starra.”
Lulu, Huntress, and Saudi rushed out the warehouse and quickly joined the growing huddle of Teles, whispering in each other’s eardrums with a shared secret.
Huntress pointed up to the fluffy clouds with a smirk. “The long range radar from the shuttle has picked up a second building, which is ten miles due north. And there’s a heated single life form clearly marked and reading on the bio-scan. Saudi has confirmed as human, not animal.”
“What information’s listed on that building?” Martin turned and asked with a stern face to Kenya.
Kenya frowned. “None. We should investigate, Peter.”
All the other Teles nodded with a smile. I sighed with trouble.
“I agree.” Gigi softly clapped with a smile and a nod, holding the alien tablet.
She chewed and swallowed the food. “Me, too,” she smiled with food particles between her teeth to Peter.
Huntress sneered. “Are we going to infiltrate the enemy, sir?” 
All Teles turned to see Peter. He grinned with a nod. “No, they are not the enemy. We are the aliens here.” He reached and slapped Kenya on the back spine with a smile. “Then we, earthlings must be classified as commoners too along with the other common life folks that live here. I suggest no titles of any kind for us. I want you to eliminate the doctor or the professor title from your formal word vocabulary. Everyone start the practice of using first names. I am Peter. No Doctor Martin and ‘no, sir’ title. Let’s have half the team prep your gear into the two trains, while the other half spend our limited time reading Gigi’s completed background report about this new galaxy. We don’t want to be shaking hands with the commoners, if we’re supposed to shaking another part of our body,” chuckling. “Dismissed!” The other Teles turned and scattered like field mice.
Gigi gently yanked on the forearm of Starra with a giggle and a grin, turning and led them into the edge of the dead forest of fallen trees, moving away from Peter. “Starra, I could use your metaphysically opinion.” She looked up to see the sky, the land and finally Starra. “You seem to have some special connection regarding this new alien world. I value your point of view about this new subject matter.”
I stared at the floating mini-globe, hovering beside a right shoulder that had been brought from Earth to record all the events and actions of the Teles.
Gigi smiled. “I’ve entered all the information about the planets and the solar system here on the mini-globe for all the other earthlings and scientists.” She turned with a worried brow to see the back spine of Peter and then returned to see Starra with a fake smile. “I suggest that you preview the entire background of the galaxy, right now.” She exhaled with of puff of worry, turning and punched a button on the mini-communications globe as the formal report illuminated on the vertical screen. Gigi stood and moved back into the warehouse.
I quietly sat on top of the hard log stump, watching Gigi, feeling worry. She continued to move and entered the warehouse. The green light blinked off and on upon the screen of the mini-globe for readiness. I turned to see a set of black colored words on a white back ground like a novel reading.



The galaxy has two suns which time period date of over a million years of existence. They form two parallel planes which are separated by a supernatural phenomenon that is called the Wall.

The Wall is located inside the heart of the universe which is composed of space rock, debris, and other radiated space trash. There are two classes of people, nobles and commoners.



I stopped my reading, since I knew that stuff from my first visit inside the alien timeline. I was very impressed with Gigi’s work. She was both the translator and the social director of the Teles and knew her job and performed it very well. My eyeballs skipped over some of the familiar text from the first alien visitation inside the new galaxy.



The group of Commoners work. The small group of nobles do not. Since the social order of the citizens is based on the monetary measurements, currs.

Planet Resort is a fake, colorful, and musical tourism planet. Your fun enjoyment and pleasure entertainment includes fishing, dancing, and playing cards at the Conqueror daily tournaments.

Planet Sahara is an orange colored dry desert planet which is nicknamed, the Prison Planet. There is no crime, only time, which is dictated by King Rex, where a criminal guilty male or female maintains and digs out raw diamond rocks inside a set of underground rock mines. The only native inhabitants are the sand snakes and the sand spiders. Both contain deadly poisonous venom.

Planet Agri provides all the foodstuffs, livestock, and raw materials for clothing and furniture which is called, Food World. The residents are called business associates, who produce the food stuffs, livestock animals, and raw materials for both clothing and furniture.

Planet Commerce is established as the economic center of the universe, featuring the yellow cobblestone street. The solo street connects the royal palace to the numerous noble mansions, the merchandise vendor shops, and leads the weekly royal parade toward the stadium structure for the weekly Game which is a sporting event for all citizens.

Planet Bio is the hospital of the galaxy. If a citizen becomes ill, the patient is sent to the planet of Bio for medical treatment by both a flesh citizen and a machine robot.

Planet Uni is the school planet, where all children live, play, eat, sleep, and study academic classes, starting at the age of four years old until graduation at the age of sixteen. Then the teenage goes to work or continues their education.

The space station of Militia is not a moon, but a rotating metal planet which is located on each side of the Wall, where the citizens are basically the galaxy police but only for the noble class. Each Militia citizen is distinguished by a unique neatly pressed and ironed white uniform with a bow tied yellow satin sash.

Tech World consists of rows and rows of metal and machine assembly manufacturing plants and factories which are perform by robots and controlled by the citizen technicians while producing bots, appliances, electronics, and star ships.

Planet Ice is a world of cold white snow covered landmass, half frozen water, and half frozen island. The planet is used for exotic animal meats and more exotic sport animal hunting.

Planet Bonita…



On top of the dry, dead tree stump, I stopped reading the information, looking down with a worried brow at the crunchy dry dirt and dead leaves underneath my fashion boots, since I knew this one.
Planet Bonita was dead, where the nine earthlings had landed the Earth space shuttle, covering some of the dull and dead landscape.
I flung a finger at the mini-globe, pressing the button with an air of Tele touch as the screen advanced down to the next alien topic, seeing in red colored letters: Prince Rann.
I gasped in shock, studying the proper noun and swung my curls, searching for Gigi, who had disappeared into the warehouse. I silently debated reading about Rann and his shaky and shady past personal history within the new galaxy.


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when Lady Rose had tattled that Rann had been born a commoner and then somehow had ascended up into the status of a royal prince.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present second alien time line, I was curious about Prince Rann too.
I had learned within the first alien timeline also. The assassination method had been employed by the newly married couple Prince Rann and his wife Princess Viv to gain total control of the wealthy planet of Sahara.


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when first noble Lady Rosa of Planet Bonita had told that first noble Prince Rann of Planet Sahara had been a commoner and then ascended into the royal position.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present inside the second alien timeline, I stared down a row of red colored letters, blinking in my face as my index finger reached out for the button. My eyeballs cut to the left and to the right for any nosy Teles. Then I pressed the button with a smirk as the first sentence appeared.



Rann had a mother and a father, commoners. They owned and operated a small fishing boat expedition on planet Resort, carrying the tourists into the green blue crystal clear ponds for fishing.

“The accident was quick and painless,” echoed by Marquis Roy, the noble of Resort at the funeral of both Rann’s parents, who were killed instantly. The old engines on the older sea boat shifted into a high speed gear and then swiftly ramped into the solid coral seaside wall.

Rann inherited a small two bedroom apartment which was located in one of the many casino hotel suites and a smaller curr account. Roy offered him a paying job at the one of the casino hotels on the other side of town.

Rann accepted the good deal as a young and ambitious sixteen year old. Since he was born and reared on planet Resort. While under his parent’s guidance, he had visited the casino before when his father needed to borrow currs for a financial loan to repair the old boat.

As a new employee, he watched and studied the daily Conqueror tournament games for six months. No citizen could walk into the casino, playing a few hands of cards and then leave with a million currs inside a trouser pocket.

Rann enjoyed playing the Conqueror game as often as he could afford the games. Bluffing was the easy part of the game for Rann, while currs was the hard part. He didn’t have enough currs to play and pay the high monetary bets with the nobles or the professional gamblers.

One or two bad card hands would cause a Conqueror player to lose everything in a flash of a second.

After six months of employment with Marquis Roy, Rann was promoted to the position of senior programmer on the mainframe computer network, which happened to control all the Conqueror bots or Cbots for every casino on the planet of Resort.

The gambling robots were impossible to re-program. Imbedded security codes and encrypted passwords controlled the bots, except for a backdoor access code. The backdoor access code was secretly maintained by a hand-full of selected and restricted senior programmers that were created for entrance into a Cbot during an emergency. And the pass code was changed every five hours for strict security by a different senior programmer, while on duty. The senior programmers traced and recorded every error, virus, and fraudulent felony against the gambling casinos.

Rann had deviously changed the secret password from the previous senior programmer on his shift late, four hours ago.

The time was the eighth hour of the evening. And all the guests were retiring for the late evening. Rann secretly had created a new illegal Conqueror card program, testing his new bot skill. Then he won the solo Conqueror game, collecting all the currs that night.

Rann waited for a chance to play for a bigger jackpot with the Cbot, since he had programmed that particular bot to lose every other card hand. Then Rann would win every other card hand.
The time was the tenth hour of the evening, midnight. The casino closed at midnight, so every worker could go home to rest for the work day.

The Conqueror jackpot totaled 25,000 currs. There were two players and the infected Cbot with Rann’s new illegal bot subroutines.

Cbot was programmed to lose the next round of the Conqueror game. Rann held three of a kind in the numerical figure of sevens, a winning hand. The other player shouted the word, call, to end the game, dropping off the card hand into the metal glass slot for auditing.
Cbot droned. “Three kings is the winning card hand. Player number two wins the Conqueror game and 25,000 curr jackpot.”

Rann had lost to other card player, a very lucky young male. He was outraged with furious. He was supposed to win that jackpot of 25,000 currs. Since he had re-programmed the Cbot to lose and had drugged the senior programmer, getting the secret pass code. Rann also had lost all his 10,000 currs too.

The young man stood from the table and turned, exiting out the casino, swinging a red velveteen pouch holding 25, 000 currs. The hotel was closed.

Rann had finished with his work shift for the evening, exiting out the casino too, heading back to his small apartment at another hotel on the other side of town. He turned the building corner to see.

The young male carried the currs pouch from the winning jackpot.

Rann was mad, upset, and angry.

In the dark alley way, Rann stood and stopped, attacking. He shoved the male against the hard wall of the hotel.

The forehead of the male cracked open as his blood trickled down an injured face.

Rann was scare, upset, afraid, and horrified by the sight of the exposed bone and flesh, reaching down and grabbed the red velveteen pouch from the ground, turned and running away from the crime scene.

The casino comlen had recorded the inhuman act against the young male, displaying the young and handsome face of commoner Rann.

The Bio personnel could not save the young male. The Bbot machine testified during the quick trial that the young male had died on impact from the multiple head injuries into the hard wall from a harder shove of an object or a citizen.

King Rex heard and pronounced Rann guilty of the murder, sentencing him to prison on the planet of Sahara until his death of natural causes.

Rann, a new prisoner on the planet of Sahara, learned quickly to obey and serve or suffer the consequences of isolation, which was almost like death on an isolated planet that was covered by heated orange sand and a batch of deadly poisonous wildlife in the hottest place in the unknown universe.

The old aristocrat Prince Edo treated the prisoners with respect and felt obligated to make their imprisonment as comfortable and enjoyable as humanly possible. Acceptance of his rule, the nice prisoners lived nicely. The bad prisoners were punished by exile from the safety of the gold mud compound, the only human occupations on the planet, and then death by hanging from a neck in the noose gallows of the Game stadium.

Rann was transferred from food service section into the business office setting as a clerk due to his skills for robot programming. He enjoyed the one month of luxury inside the air conditioned office suite then six months later he returned back into the underground mines, digging for precious metals and minerals on the planet of Sahara for the rest of his life.

When a few minor power brownouts caused bot, comlen, and comfone malfunctions that the technicians from Tech World could not figure out the solution to the problem.

Rann was summoned from his mine work in the caves and asked to try to fix the bots, comlens, and comfones.

Rann, the prisoner, was successful at repairing the comlen and comfone malfunctions. He explained to the Tech people how to solve the problem and helped rewrite sections of the bot routines for them. Then it was discovered that a minor detail caused a brown outage in a different subroutine to fail, every other day. So Rann was recalled back into the office after spending less than one month inside the mine shaft to permanently work inside the Sahara robot office.

Rann met the girl, who was the princess daughter of Prince Edo. The young Princess Viv was charming, good mannered, and plain homely in appearance, but her noble classification provided great luxuries of Sahara. She also day dreamed desires of more material matters.

One month later, Princess Viv and her boyfriend Rann were married in an official ceremony on Sahara which was approved and performed by King Rex. Rann was escalated into the life of a prince, second-in-command of the Prison Planet.

Then, one day, Prince Edo was found dead inside his private bed chamber still wearing his sleeping attire. No questions were asked. No investigations were performed. No authorities were contacted.

The next day in a public ceremony on planet Commerce, King Rex crowned Rann, the first noble of Sahara by the ranking order of the secret and shouted out assassination method.

When another noble member was killed, the killing party admitted to the damage, and then the party could assume his or her royal position within the social noble order of the planet.

The end.



“Geez!” I dropped both hands into a lap, parting my pink-painted lips with a gasp and a whisper. “I know you but now I know you as dangerous.” I sighed with danger.


Castle of Lady Rosa
14th hour, early evening
Front porch setting
Warm temperatures and partly cloudy


The Bonita castle was covered in an array of fugly ugly sick brown and yellow thick moss that crawled like fossilized bugs, running through the crumbling brown rocks from the walking path tiles and up to the rooftop. The bottom brown brick of the doorstop was a pile of loose brown small rocks and tiny pebbles rather than a residence for a living and breathing person. The parade of Earth solar transports stopped and halted in place five hundred feet from the front porch.
I should have revealed to Peter my weird-o day dream but axed the idea with another brilliant plot. I sighed with worry.
I jumped down from my ride and moved forward over the hard dry dirt as my pair of three inched fashion high heels murderously stabbed the soil, approaching the rear skull of Peter. Then I violently slammed into the back spine of Kenya and swiftly re-bounced backward from the wall of muscle with a giggle and a grin. I performed a Tele catch and a Tele balance, scooting ahead and around the hunky flesh, focusing my eyeballs at Peter, who was whispering to Lulu about his earthling welcome speech.
Yeah, my Tele eardrums were very sensitive along with my mixed earthling emotions.
Peter posed next to Lulu and his solar bike and pointed to the Bonita castle with a smile and a nod that held an actually alive and breathing native life form of the new galaxy. I sighed with trouble.
I outstretched my hand, grabbing the collar bone on Peter, executing a Tele yank with my awesome telekinesis on his six feet and four inched body frame away from his solar bike and his friend Lulu. I twisted Peter around and stared into my set of curled pink painted lip snarl with an alto timber. “I will handle this.” I sighed with more trouble.
Peter gasped with a sour frown at Starra, standing in place in silence.
I gracefully body spun and girly strutted to the beaten and battered brick over the front porch, slapping a right boot on top of the brick while the floor gave way to the right side of the stones. And my body gave way to the left of nothing as I softly cursed. “Stang…”
Then I swiftly compensated my uneven three-inched heels by executing a Tele balance with telekinesis, up righting my petiteness into a full stand, performing an air walk over the land and the front porch and executed a Tele land in front of the double doors.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
Then I opened my eyelashes and violently knocked on the door as a set of wood splinters kissed a set of right knuckles, reaching and jerked each annoying needle from the bloody skin, softly cursing below a whisper as my red blood covered the tiny holes, wetting a hand. I impatiently waited for a few seconds for Rosa and the door.
I picked out the last of the tree wood parts from a right knuckle, eye burning the closed door and reared back with a left boot and performed a Tele kick to the door frame. The harsh ugly sound vividly echoed from the front door, going down an empty hallway all the way out the set of patio glass doors and then beyond my eardrums.
Then my tele eardrums heard a sound of soft footpads of a female.
The rusty door bolts cracked open as the wooden door opened, revealing a very different image of the woman as my mentally brain cells kicked in reverse time to another portrait. I softly introduced with a sweet smile and a touch of Southern honey twang. “Greetings, Lady Rosa! It is a fine pleasure to finally meet ya’ll here in the north part of Bonita.”
Rosa narrowed her old eyeballs and studied the golden freckles of the young female, cutting her eyeballs down to the fashion boots of the young girl and then crawled her eyelashes back up to see a pretty smile on the female.
I winked, faking it totally. “I am Lady Starra.” I did the skull nod thing. “I’m from the southern hemisphere of some grass and some water.” I did the skull nod thing again. “I’m from Bonita.” I rested my verbal case.
Rosa sorta smiled with a face of pale tinted skin with a set of red chapped lips, missing numerous teeth at the young girl. I sighed with approval.
I had passed the test with the first lie and proceeded with the second one. “I’m Lady Starra.” I nodded with a smile t remind Rosa.” I have been traveling all day and all night with my family members,” I thumbed over a collar bone with a smile and a nod. “I have heard about your kind and generous northern hospitality to folks like us throughout our beloved planet of Bonita.” I smiled and reminded Rosa again. “Since we all live within our cute little universe.” I paused first and then smiled second, and then rudely invite my person into her house. “I wondered if I could visit with you for a little spell, milady.”
The end, ya’ll!
Lady Rosa was the only noblette inside the house of Bonita, since Lady Ann was dead and Lord Dirk was missing. Yeah, I had performed a quick and quiet Tele scan inside the house and her mind. 
The mind of Rosa was missing some of her strong mental thoughts as she slowly pirouetted around, moving down an empty and dirty hallway.
I quickly executed a Tele mind shield for one of her quick drew mind probes which couldn’t reach my nose holes.
Rosa nosily exhaled like she was dying and barely inhaled like she was dead, meekly sayings as the Tele eardrums of Starra caught the brief sentence. “Please come inside, Lady Starra.”
I reached and gently touched her forearm, gathering a set of Tele images of sorrowful pity, frightful fear, impending doom, and dang permanent death.
Rosa slowly shifted a hand over and on top of Starra’s as they slowly moved through the foyer, away from the door that was filled with a set of nosy earthlings.
Peter tromped through the front door and was followed by Saudi, who was the physician on the Tele mission.
I thumbed over a collar bone with a fake smile. “Peter, this is Lady Rosa of the Bonita manor. I am Lady Starra.” I wanted to remind Rosa. “I lead our merry little band for a brief visit while Milady Rosa seeks her rest for the afternoon.”
Peter quickly shuffled and pulled up beside Rosa, grinning into her nose profile, slapping a chest. “I’m Peter. So nice to meet you, Milady Rosa.”
Rosa softly said. “Food in the kitchen. I’m retiring. I don’t feel well.” She was talking in a set of formulated contractions, which I had never heard before.
I turned and stared at her pale wrinkled face with worry, since in the first alien timeline Lady Rosa only would converse in set of single words. I sighed with oddity.
Rosa jerked her hand from Starra and moved down the long dark and dirty hallway, stopping beside an archway of a room with a round table and six chairs that painted in dull faded brown colors.
I stood in silence and awe, watching her back spine.
Saudi smoothly slid next to Rosa, holding a small mechanic bio-scan devise out of her eyesight behind her back muscles, saying with a worried brow. “I’m trained in medical field, Milady Rosa. Do you require any medicines? I’m happy to provide my medical services…”
Rosa moved forward from Saudi and the medical devise toward the room down at the end of the hallway, an extra sleeping chamber, since I had lived here for nineteen days. Rosa softly said. “I need rest. Please excuse me. Enjoy your stay, Lady Starra.” She moved away from the earthlings.
Peter jabbed a finger down the hallway. “Thank you, Lady Rosa. Enjoy your nap. We will talk again, very soon.” He spun around and marched into the cozy room as the other Teles trailed behind and scanned the new environment too. He stopped and stood around a dining room table with a smile, scanning the new room. “Comments, opinions, and observations people?” He waves his hand around the room.
The other Teles turned and searched an array of drawers, closets, and cabinets, making loud noises, looking for all the alien gold and silver.
I turned and marched through the archway with a worried brow about Rosa, the universe, the earthlings and stopped, standing in front of the glass window, seeing the dry and dead world of Bonita.
“She’s dying.” Lulu turned and stared out the archway at a dirty wall inside the dull, empty hallway, performing a Tele scan by telemetabolics on the fragile elderly body of Lady Rosa.
Saudi punched on the devise with a worried brow as it beeped. He said with a stern face. “She dies from…”
“…poison.” I shouted out loud a little too loud.
All the eyeballs turned and stared at the back spine on Starra.
Saudi turned and nodded to the Tele leader. “Peter, I find no evidence of foul play but her medical reading is below normal. I would suspect it is some type of subtle poisoning aliment which Starra has correctly identified for some reason.” He turned and grinned at the back spine of Starra. “Good job, Starra! Your Tele power of telemetabolics is deserving of praise.” He swung a frown to see Peter. “She is in the final stages of her illness. I can’t do anymore for our hostess Lady Rosa. I’m sorry, Peter.”


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when Lady Rosa had died inside her private bedroom.

I had re-visited the Bonita castle during an emergency Tele call from Rosa finding her dead body.


Then I mentally flashed back into present within the second alien timeline, each previous event was repeating itself like the first alien timeline.
I whispered for my eardrums only, “That means…”
“The planet is dying, also.” Lulu turned and moved around the room, stopping and stood at one of the other viewing windows, studying the state of the dying brown and yellow colored trees, weeds, and soil as the other Teles groaned in gloomy unison in a musically alto and baritone notes.
Cervantes pointed up to the ceiling like it was planet Earth with a sneer and a sour frown. “We have traveled millions of light years inside a scorched space ship while risking my live for a dying planet. I cannot believe what I’m hearing here and now.”
All the other Teles moaned in sad unison in a musically tenor and soprano notes.
I mentally switched from ignoring the Tele to the present situation. The world of Bonita was not killing the trees, the plants, and the animals like an angry Mother Nature was on our home Earth. Bonita was killing only the people, who lived here, because they were Teles too. Both Rosa and Anna possessed limited and real Tele powers of telepathy, telekinesis, telemetabolics, and teleclairvoyance. As the native Teles used and abused the natural energy of planet Bonita, coming from the nature trees, the green plants, and the dry soil which was used to enhance one or more Tele talents that killed the planet. Bonita, in turn, got its revenge by tying a life form to the wealth of natural resources, slowly suffocating the life form into death.
A vicious death cycle!
Peter waved both hands with a smile and a nod. “Starra has answered all our farm soil questions which I’ll remind the answer is an absolutely yes for everything. We can move and survive here supporting all the life forms on Earth. The second question is going to take more time to answer. If we can’t support ourselves earthlings are going to have to learn how to blend into the social structure of the existing worlds.” The other Teles grunted with happy sounds in tenor and alto notes. Peter clapped with a smile and a nod to see each Tele. “We have gathered enough information for today. We’re returning back to the shuttle and leaving for Earth, going back through the wormhole. We need to inform the United Earth Government to start preparing and manning space craft with families, equipment, clothing, furniture, livestock, and foodstuffs, since we’re moving to our new home planet Vor.” The other Teles cheered in excited tones.
I gasped out loud. “No.” all the eyeballs turned and stared at the back spine of Starra.
I swung around with a fake smile to see each Tele. “We can’t leave just yet. Let’s be a good set of guests and wait for Lady Rosa to awaken and give her the proper dismissal for us.”
Peter shook his skull and his hands. “You’re a good southern belle, Starra. We’re on a tight time schedule which includes dinner at my house with my mother-in-law,” chuckling. “Since, our alien hostess might not live through the afternoon for another chat-chit with the invading earthlings based on Dr. Saudi. Get moving, Tele people. Lead the way for us, Lulu.” He motioned with a hand for the open archway as each Tele turned and shuffled through the door and into the hallway without loud sounds of grunts and cheers.


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when the rest of the Tele crew had perished inside the fiery walls of the wormhole, arriving at Planet Vor.


Then I mentally flashed back present into the second alien timeline, the rest of the Tele team and space shuttle would be destroyed again.
I gasped with a whisper for my eardrums only. “I am to die with my Tele mates on the return trip back through the wormhole toward my home of Earth, because we all die together,” smiling. I marched ahead with a smile, stepping in a pair of my fashion boots toward the archway for home. I sighed with death.
This was similar to that final destination thing, where death was chasing you down one by one and killed you dead permanently, not breathing. I frowned with the new concept. I was going to die, not seeing Ming or Maritza or my farm or Earth ever again.
I stopped and looked down with a sad face to see the dirty floor, holding back a set of gathered teardrops until I was back inside the space suit and my assigned seat on the space shuttle. Then I could sob and cry, without anyone hearing.
Kenya was leading and halted in place, swinging around with a frown. “I wanna to stay here.” He turned and moved around the room, touching each item with his hand.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Peter halted with a smile and a nod to see each Tele. “That is a very good point, Kenya. We’re on the same page, metaphysical page that is,” chuckling. “I’m thinking the same idea that someone stays and plays as a spy. The spy can infiltrate their alien society, learning about this new galaxy’s politics, including governmental, cultural, and people. That would give us a head start on the diplomatic earthling-alien channel, since we’re slanted to be their new next store neighbors, so to speak.”
I frowned with my personal mental thoughts, staring at the back spine of Peter. We’re all supposed to die inside the space shuttle on the way back home to Earth.
All the other Teles nodded with a smile.
Kenya turned and smiled to Peter. “Yes, we don’t want to start a war by shaking a hand when we should be bowing on one kneecap,” laughing with the other Tele at the lame joke.
I turned and stared out the glass window of a bleak world of death, mentally thinking. We all must die. Or maybe, the developing theory was that some other earthling Tele stayed and played within the same alien background inside the new second alien timeline, not Starra. Yes, I was scheduled to die, not returning back home to planet Earth, so that was the reason that I had fainted into blackness within the first alien timeline and ended back inside a ground space shuttle. I was going to die and not see Ming, Maritsa, and Earth again. I sighed with sadness. 
“I volunteer to stay behind.” Gigi turned and tossed both her arms with a giggle and a grin to Peter. “I want to visit with all the royals, especially the cute and hunky…”
I turned and growled at Gigi with jealousy for some reason.
“No, it was my original idea.” Kenya slapped a chest with a sissy whine.  “Me, I’ll stay and start the diplomatic relations with the aliens, beginning with the royals who lived inside a real castle of stone.”
“I must stay,” Saudi turned and nodded with a stern face to Peter. “I need to visit the other worlds and test for bacterium and viruses that could kill us, earthling.”
“I wanna get off this creepy planet, now.” Cervantes frowned.
Peter turned and circled the room, looking down with a smile to the floor.
I exhaled with a puff of worry, looking down with a sad face to see the dirty floor, mentally thinking. We were all supposed to die, breaking the creation of a second alien timeline which was caused by the earthling here inside the new galaxy.
“Starra…” Peter stood and slapped both his hands over the collar bone of Starra with a smile.
“What?” I gasped with shock, scaring the dookie out of my buttonhole. My pair of white panties was still clean.
All the eyeballs turned and stared at the back spine of Starra.
Peter smiled over her dirty curls to see the dead trees on dead Bonita. “Lady Rosa has established a rapport with Starra, I mean, Lady Starra. She stays and plays inside the alien playground. We the other Teles go back home now.” Starra couldn’t see his human eye balls but smelled with a pair of human nose holes his bad breath that was flowing from his lips over her hair roots, since he possessed a six feet frame of tallness when compared to her five feet of petiteness. He smiled to the dead trees. “This is my final order. Starra stays…”
“No,” I gasped out loud, staring down with a sad face into the wall corner at the pretend dead creepy cockroach. I sighed with doom.
Peter turned around with a smile and a hand to the other Teles. “Get going, now, Tele people. Everyone prepare for launch in one hour, twelve minutes, and five seconds for going back home to Earth for our victory celebration, which will be brief. Move out, Tele people, now.” He swung around with a ting of bad breath into her cheekbone. “Don’t worry, Lady Starra,” chuckling. “Starra, don’t tell me that you’re afraid of the dark, little girl? We’ll return tomorrow afternoon and pick you up. I’m expecting a full report of your investigation of this new culture within this new galaxy. You’re doing a great job, Starra, keep it up. Then I’ll have to promote you to alien princess.” I sighed with stupid.
Peter body spun, rushing through the door and into the hallway, dashing down to the open front door.
I turned and ran following behind Peter, watching the entire Tele team exit the castle. They moved and scooted onto the solar transports.
Peter led, turning the bike to the warehouse with a vocal yell with a regular voice. “Follow me, Tele people.” He was saving his limited Tele energy for the trip inside the space shuttle, going back home to Earth.
I stopped and leaned into the open archway of the old Bonita castle, folding my dirty black colored sleeves over dirtier jumpsuit, noting that I couldn’t stop them. They were Teles like me or different from me or something else from me.
Then Lulu halted in place upon her solar bike, disembarking and waddled back to Starra at the doorway, marching into the face of Starra. Her face was covered in wet teardrops around both the eye sockets and the two cheekbones, saying with a sob. “Starra, you’re a very gifted Tele. Use it well, darling!” She back stepped from the door with a nod to Starra, knowing the finale fate of the earthling space shuttle and her crew, totally death.
I reached and grabbed one of her arms with a worried brow, shaking my long curls. “Lulu, please tell Peter about your Tele view. Stay here with me too. You know the future like me. You are going to die, soonest.”
Lulu shook her curls, talking really super freaky. “This is not our time. This is your time, Starra. Good luck!” She jerked backward from Starra without either of them using a powerful invisible force to counter her swift movement with the truth. If Lulu stayed, she would die a different way. That was the real story here. They all died. Starra lived here for some reason. Lulu turned away from Starra, wiping her tears.
My eyeballs followed Lulu back to the bike as she mounted it. Lulu lifted and sailed through the air and away from the Bonita castle, catching up with a parade file of vehicles, leaving Starra alone. I sighed with death.
I exhaled with a puff of sadness, stomping over the front porch with a pair of dirty boot soles as the weak wooden planks viciously split and broke apart, creating a great big crater hole within the porch. I back stepped with a gasp even the alien building wouldn’t let me leave the new galaxy. I grabbed my scalp with all finger pads, pulling on my hair in frustration, body spinning faster to see an empty and dirty foyer and hallway. I fell down on my kneecaps, crying tears as the water hit my lips, closing my eyelashes. I used my thinking neurons to find the solution, saving my Earth planet, my Earth friends and my Earth family.
I was here but they were not. I lived, here but they did not. I knew the upcoming events within the first alien timeline, but they were not repeating the same sequence inside the second alien timeline.
But my Tele friends would die for a second time.
I whispered. “That’s it. I am the key to saving them. I must’ve done something wrong that broke the first alien timeline and space thingy. So, in the second alien timeline and space thingy, I won’t do anything wrong to break the alien timeline. So then I can find the hidden resources to save my family, my friends, and my planet.” I smiled with a nod.


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when I had received information from my knowledgeable metal friend named Bot.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present, I looked up with a smile and a shout. “Bot, Bot, are you here?” I recalled that I didn’t travel to planet Resort, this morning, winning the Conqueror Tournament. I stood and danced in place with a smile. “Yeah, that’s the first step. Go to Resort and win the poker game with my awesome Tele powers.” I moved forward, sliding and dancing side to side over the dirty hallway and turned the wall corner.
Pbot or the pilot robot soared through the air and turned the wall corner too, veering to the left, avoiding the young female as they almost collided. Then Pbot halted and hovered in the air, flashing a series of red and blue lights on its belly with a pair of empty teacup eyeballs, watching the young female and droned in alto tenor. “Good afternoon, I am Pbot. How can I be of service to you, young miss?”
I exhaled with a puff of relief that my first encounter with the robot was nice and friendly, since I was flesh and it was metal. I swayed side to side, smiling really big and pretty, smoothing down my messy hair. “I plan to attend the Conqueror Tournament on Resort, tonight. Could you please arrange for the zipper to be buffed polished and spit shined?” I giggled with my stupid new idea.
I desired for Pbot to be occupied and busy, while I plotted an escape from Rosa and Bonita, without being spied or stopped.
Pbot lowered its metal can…excuse the pun…to the tile with a set of blinking lights in purple and yellow, computing some type of machine analysis and drones in alto timber. “The Conqueror Tournament terminated last week.”
“That sucks,” I frowned.
Pbot droned. “I cannot compute that message. Please re-state your request, young miss.” It started blinking more lights on its belly in the colors of green and orange which was recording her ugly jumpsuit and her pretty face.


I mentally back flashed past within the first alien timeline, where I had won the Conqueror Tournament collecting both the curr chest and an abused robot.

Then, I had traveled to Planet Commerce and stopped the upcoming marriage of Lad and Rita on Jubilation Day.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present, I smiled at Pbot, “I’ll be traveling to Commerce for the remaining Jubilation Day celebrations. Please, ready the zipper…”
“Who are you, milady?” Pbot droned in alto timber and flashed with a scary colored array of red, green, yellow, and orange lights, zapping its circuits and wires into hyper speed recording her face, her actions, and her demands.
I didn’t like the flying trashcan which hadn’t come from my back yard, imitating my person, so I beautifully fibbed with a stern face to its two ugly silver coated teacup eyeballs. “I am Lady Starra. I am the cousin of Lady Rosa. I visit from the south hemisphere here,” stomping a fashion boot on the tile. 
Pbot stopped the foto bulbs immediately that was recording her and droned in alto timber again. “This is Festival Day. The Game has ended. The nobles are returning back to a castle in preparation for the upcoming dinners and dances along with their invited commoners from their home worlds. Are you attending one of the many balls this evening, Lady Starra?”
I smiled with a nod to the floating trashcan. “To address your inquiry, I will be attending the Agri Ball hosted by Baron Bartholomew at six in the evening. Please prepare the zipper for my arrival on Commerce.” I was totally stupid about the time and day of the week. The sky was sunshine. “I’d like to see the latest social updates for the past five days, the events of last week. Can you accommodate my request, please, Pbot?”
Pbot lifted and fiddled a right metal limb at the left side of its cylinder-shaped body, opening a hidden compartment and pulled a cute little mini-bot sideways into the air. Then Pbot lifted and handed the devise to Starra. “As you wish, Lady Starra!” It droned in alto timber, flashing another set of lights that were green and brown. “Zipper is prep for your departure trip to Commerce for attendance of the Agri Ball.”
I accepted and grabbed the smooth metal of the mini-bot, parting my lips with the robot’s proficiency and then princessly ordered like a real lady noblette of Bonita. “Very good, Pbot, thank you. Dismissed!” I turned and moved to the tall staircase, not bothering to check on the medical or the social status of Rosa, since I had tons of homework to do and I really hated school assignments.
I slowly moved up the steps one at a time, reading the last news items on the mini-bot, while I was absent within a number of the unknown days, hours, minutes, and seconds between the first and second alien timelines.
I flipped the screen sequence in order, looking for the answers and halted on the step with a gasp. A dashing Rann and his beautiful biceps grinned into the interactive foto, the winner of the annual Conqueror Tournament, instead of Starra. I sighed with intrigue.
I whispered. “Rann knows stuff, secret datum. He could help me find the next clue that I was searching to save my planet, my family, and my friends.” I flipped to the next interactive foto with a nod and a gag.
I stared at Rita and her wedding dress which was an absolutely gorgeous sexy sheath body-hugging gown, showing off a pair of big breasts, a small waist, and two hidden long legs. She displayed a cone-shaped diamond tiara and a matching diamond fat necklace which was hugging her swan neck with a pair of two tacky diamond earrings that dangled over a collar bone. Her long blonde hair was pull back into a tight bun with a crown of top of her skull like an old spinster maid, while she carried a big spread of white roses between her cupped hands. She stood tall next to five feet and nothing inches of Viscount Lad, who wore a traditional silver-tinted wash and wear neatly pressed tunic, a pair of matching pants, and a set of shiny black knee high boots that designated his noble status.
Lad had to marry Rita, since I wasn’t there to answer the riddle. I sighed with entertainment.
I giggle with a grin at the funny foto and flipped the screen with a gasp again, reading the obituary of Barnett Zak. He died in a silly competitive death race to the wall with an un-named competitor.
I turned and viewed the window, where the Wall stood inside the middle of the universe between two solar suns.
Baron Bartholomew had attended the victory party from the Game event at the castle of Prince Rann along with Baronetess Ivy and her husband Barnet Zak, since I didn’t race against Rann in the second alien timeline. So Zak had taken my place and died. Poor ugly Ivy was a widower now. I sighed with sadness.
I slowly moved up each step, pondering the current second alien timeline of the universe. I had missed three very important social events so far from the previous first alien timeline, consisting of the reward, the riddle, and the race. I frowned with my mental thoughts, summarizing that the events were replaying in an unnatural order, however they were resulting in the same outcome for the same persons. I sighed with repeat.
Lady Ann was gone, I mean, she had been permanently sent down into her death grave coffin. I stomped by her gloomy bedroom which felt like ice cream cold, empty, and haunted with her lingering metaphysical emotions of pain and suffering from the violent poison. Rita had administered the poison both her and Lady Rosa.
I sneered with revenge. “I’ll get you, Rita along with…” I skidded to a halt, scanning the end of the hallway, swinging around to see the staircase, the ground floor and closed my eyelashes. I performed a Tele sight with telepathy around the castle and the grounds. He was missing. “Where is Dirk?” I sighed with unhappiness.
I turned and enter the bedroom of Lady Ann, since I didn’t possess clothing items. I wore the black issued Tele jumpsuit which was covered in bug shit and plant crap, riding around on top of the solar bike over the dry trail from the warehouse and to the Bonita castle. I had to look exotic and sexy tonight, since I didn’t know what I was up against might be Rita, Viv, or another colorful character that had been added to the mix within the second alien timeline. Therefore, I needed to grab Bartholomew’s undivided attention, because he protected me in the first alien timeline. I giggled with a grin. And he would do that again within the second alien timeline. I sighed with nervousness.
I strutted and stripped out of the dirty jumpsuit, stopping and stood in my girly panties and scanned a rack of fancy frocks inside her closet and leaned over and borrowed a lovely silk black gown, slipping the dress over a head as it fell down over my ankles and my toe bones, covering three inches of the carpet rug. It was longer than I liked, since I was a little shorter in height than Lady Ann, but it fit well in the hips, the waist, and the shoulders.
The black gown plundered down into a deep V-shaped neckline in the front with a big black bow tied at the waist and a long straight skirt that was attached to a four feet dress train, which was going to drag behind my bee-hind for miles. I hoped that I didn’t embarrass my person by catching the dress on a thorny bush, ripping it off my shoulders, since I always seemed to trip or stumble in those fancy long gowns. I sighed with humor.
The gown was beautiful. But I could not rely upon beauty itself, showing both wealth and confidence, where a neckline of some sparkling gems would solve that problem. I turned and moved, stopping and rummaged around inside the jewelry box that stood on top of her makeup vanity, finding lots of different shapes and sizes of gems, including bracelets, necklaces, earrings, and hair pins made of pearls, diamonds, rubies, emeralds, sapphires, jade, gold, and silver. So Lady Ann had fancied visiting the Sahara booth which was owned by Prince Rann on Jubilation Day. I sighed with beauty.
I stared with a gasp at the plain pine smelly box, gently lifting the closed box into the air and executed a Tele flair of telepathy. I felt no heat or light. I was not receiving any type of single sensation but dead air. I sighed with worry.
I leaned over and placed the box carefully on top of the bureau and pried open the lid with a set of fingernails. My eyeballs gazed down at a pair of twin gold bracelets, gleaming against the red velveteen fabric. They were incomplete. I reached and lifted one of the bracelets to examine the gold band with an empty shell, where a gem stone would had been inserted. I slowly exhaled my breath.
I really did destroy the twin set of black colored diamonds into nothingness during the first alien timeline. I sighed with shock. Thus, I had created a second alien timeline which had formed an alternative universe. This was all my fault.
Then I would fix it and save my Earth friends, all at the same time. Yay!
I quietly sat inside the padded vanity chair, staring into the reflective mirror at my golden freckles, still requiring a necklace of some bright and impressive stones. I reached and selected a nice set of black pearl tear drop-shaped earrings, a matching necklace, a pair of two bracelets on each wrist, and one big gawky ring on a right hand of the middle finger. I violently wrestled the jewelry around my body parts, giggling with a grin at my cuteness.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I swiftly stood and smoothly slipped into a pair of strapless black spiky heeled sandals over my naked toe bones, slowly turning in the gown and moved to the open archway of Lady Ann’s bedroom. I stopped and peeked-a-boo around the wooden frame, seeing no other eyeballs or a body part like a hand.
I turned and slammed the door shut, locking inside the she-ghost, swinging around and moved down an empty hallway, seeing no bot…excuse the pun…no body. Then I executed a Tele scan, allowing them to lead me to the mystery sound.
I slowly moved down the staircase and turned to the left, moving down another empty and creepy quiet hallway. The same hallway used by the Tele crew, during our Tele meeting, where Rosa invited us to stay inside the dining room. I stopped with a gasp. I sighed with intrigue.
My Tele senses were leading to the end of the hallway, where Rosa had ventured down about an hour ago. My heart almost thumped out of the chest as my tummy flip-flopped with a set of one thousand and one pretend butterflies. I marched slowly passed each closed door and stopped in place.
I lifted and gently tapped a folded fist on the door frame with a whisper. “Hello, Lady Rosa, may I speak with you in private for a moment? Hello!” The door slowly swung open for a very good view of the entire room. I sighed with panic.
Rosa was resting over a long sofa. The lips, the nostrils and the eyeballs stared up into the brown wall as her body looked funny underneath the wool blanket, very still.
I exhaled with a puff of dread, approaching her and the sofa with care and caution.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
I gently pulled the blanket away from her face as an expression of peace and serene showed on her death. Lady Rosa of Bonita was dead. I sighed with sorrow.
I gently reached and touched the ball into her fitted fist as her hand flexed open, revealing a gold object. The talisman was given to Rosa by her father.
I grabbed it from her dead cold hand as a series of bright lights, loud music, and faint female and male voices invaded both eardrums and eyeballs. I fell and dropped down over the carpet, holding a dizzy skull. Then I grunted with pain, opening my eyelashes, spying under the sofa. I saw dust bunnies and loose purr hair, rolling backward onto a back spine over the carpet and stared up into the ceiling, pondering how brown paint kept from flaking down over the clean carpet, “Uh, bright lights.”
Then I heard a distinct clicking sound like a tick-tock clock, palming the golden talisman inside an open palm. I had received the transference of Tele powers for a second time from Lady Rosa. I sighed with power.
I heard more annoying clicks that lounged with inside a wall corner of her private room, slowly turning a face to see Pbot. It hovered at a high angle, almost touching the ceiling with at the radius of its round plate that represented a metal skull that I was about to decapitate in. Just kidding!
I grinned for the recording, since the robot had recorded my actions and my re-actions on the comlen inside its belly similar to the same event inside the first alien timeline. Rosa looked and acted dead, because she was. And I was the only living and breathing citizen inside her private bedroom. I signed with repeat.
I rolled to the left, crouching unladylike inside the new dress, shoving the talisman up a thigh and hid the physical evidence. I executed a Tele balance, up righting from the carpet and into a standing pose with a smile, performing a Tele air walk to the full length mirror and halted, hovering in the air. I straightened my gown and my pearls. Perfect! I was ready for an evening of fun and frolic at the Festival Ball which was hosted by Baron Bartholomew of planet Agri.
I executed a Tele turn and a Tele sail, flying through the air without touching down on the pair of pretty sandals or tripping over the long dress, soaring out from Rosa’s private suite, going through the living room and flung a hand with Tele power and opened the patio door, leading outside toward the really weird dock landing inside a dead flower garden of weeds and bugs.
Pbot turned and flew behind Starra, pulling up beside her flesh.
I stopped. Then it stopped over the patio garden as they viewed the zipper on top of the dead flowers. I ordered with a grin. “Pbot, first, I order you to lock my small bag inside the foyer in the storage compartment of the zipper. Second, I order you to bury Lady Rosa in the graveyard behind the red barn. Third, I order you to return to the kitchen and make me a tuna fish sandwich. Finally, I order you to blow your internal circuits at precisely six in the evening. Do you understand my commands?”
Pbot droned with a set of yellow and brown lights, staring at the zipper on top of the roof. “As you wish, Lady Starra.” It flew backwards in that weird-o air flight out of her peripheral vision.
I whispered with a grin. “Very good.” I elegantly dragged the dress train across the rough patio brick, stomping to the zipper and banged on the hand pad. The latch clicked open. The hatch swung up to the skyline. I slid into the soft worn black leather seat and leaned over, pulling out the electronic tablet and fiddled with the console controls for the automatic pilot flying to Commerce as my Tele powers spied on Pbot and its bot tasks. I sighed with authority.
My cave girl skills were awesome, when it came to eating, walking, and peeing like a human, not steering a fancy flying machine like an outer space wo-man. My wobbling maneuvers would get me noticed immediately by a monitoring Gbot or guard robot as I flew sideways and sorta landed more sideway inside a docking park at the castle. I intended to let the internal robot do the flying as I sat back like an alien princess with a grin and a giggle. I sighed with alien.
I punched, poked, and probed for the right math numbers, double checking the manual information with the screen. I didn’t want to end up zinging into the Wall. Then I would need to use my Tele powers for a rescue. Then Dirk might sense that I was back here inside the galaxy within a second alien timeline.
Pbot represented its metal can a second time, halting and hovered in the air beside the pilot chair with an alto drone. “Your tuna fish sandwich is ready, Lady Starra.”
I smirked with my new princess order. “Guard my food, while I finish my work, Pbot.”
It flew backward as a pair of empty teacups eyeballs recorded Starra inside the zipper which was soon to be stolen for a second time by earthling Starra. Pbot sailed backward through the patio door and into the kitchen without closing the doors. I sighed with deception.
I pressed the button, igniting the twin after burners for two seconds, lifting off the batch of dead flowers and soared into the cloudy atmosphere, flying into cold and dark outer space of bright stars. At precisely six in the evening, I turned to see. The castle prettily exploded into a bright array of blues, reds, yellows, and pinks flame and then flared with a high plume of bright yellow and blue fire over the black sky over planet Bonita. “Good robot!” I turned with a smile, enjoying the flight to planet Commerce.


Planet Commerce
Red nameless building with orange auditorium
Dance floor setting
15th hour, early evening
Cool temperatures with bright stars and moonlight


“What the hey? What are you?” I frowned with annoyance, planting a right sandal upon the top brick step of the auditorium entrance way.
The metal robot blocked the young girl. “Dbot or a door robot at your service, citizen unknown. Please state your name and your planet.” It droned in baritone timber and viciously sizzled its heated metal into her precious fleshy skin.
“I am Lady Starra…” I commanded with a smile and a fake nobility power and as a right sandal was parked, not moving from on the second step of red building. I was trying to sneak into the auditorium while being held as a rudely annoying hostage by a pair of hovering flying cylinder trash cans. I sighed with destruction within five seconds, four seconds, three seconds….
Left door bell, naw, left Dbot droned in a baritone timber as a series of tiny lights blinked in purple, green, and neon blue on its belly comlen. “I have no identification record of Lady Starra on Commerce.”
“Bonita.” I faked a smile.
Left Dbot droned, flashing a series of red and orange lights inside its belly. “I have no identification record of Lady Starra on Bonita.”
“I am expected by King Rex.” I changed my plotted strategy with a bigger smile and a wiggle of my hips.
“What’s the problem?” Dbot from the right side of the archway droned in matching baritone timber too and flew sideways, hovering between its twin metal and the young female.
Left Dbot droned and pointed its metal limb at Starra, “Citizen unknown.”
Right Dbot droned with a pair of unemotional silver coated and designed teacup eyeballs. “Go away, pest.”
“Stang.” I frowned, parking both folded fists on my waist.
Right Dbot droned. “A lady should not use that vile term, citizen unknown.”
I ignored the language lesson and stated very loudly. “I came with Lady Rosa.” I faked a smile with the lie, praying that my cute button nose didn’t grown any longer as a familiar deep bass drum timbre came to my rescue. I turned and grinned, flashing my white teeth, blowing my sweet breath into his face and batted my eyelashes continuously as the new raw sexy talented girlfriend.
Bartholomew stood and stared with a smile at the young miss. “Dbot, is there a problem?” He leaned into her space, standing at five feet and ten inches, weighing in at one hundred and eighty pounds with head of jet black colored hair of spiked patches of gray, a pair of gray eyeballs, an aristocratic nose, a square jaw, and a set of two apple rosy cheekbones. He was still single with no wife-baroness, yet.
Yeah, I executed a short Tele mind probe, baby. I smiled with a giggle at Bartholomew.
His face glowed with happiness and smiled with mischievousness, wearing a hunter green colored silk shirt that showed off a nice set of bicep ripples of fine gentle muscles over his suntanned flesh. Obviously, he enjoyed spending his free time outside playing in the pleasant weather and horseback riding on his native planet of Agri, instead of attending all the family administrative duties as a privileged noble. I sighed with marriage.
Right Dbot droned. “You should accompany me to see King Rex about your gala invitation.”
I back stepped from the advancing a set of metal monster limbs.
Bartholomew blocked that thing with a second recue and a smile. “I’ll accompany…”
I lifted and extended a blacked gloved right hand with a grin, greeting properly like a noblette. “I am Lady Starra from Bonita.” He lifted a white gloved right hand out and accepted her glove, leaning down and kissed it tenderly. I sighed with engagement.
He stood upright with a smile and a nod to see Starra, “Hello, I’m Baron Bartholomew. It is a very nice honor to meet you, Lady Starra.” He bowed at a fit waist with a gesture of noble respect, holding her gloved hand, lifting upright with a silly grin and still held her hand, foreverly.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything is fine. 
“B.A., I’m being beeped. Move your a…” his familiar deep sexy baritone faded rapidly as she swung her gray curls and eye burned him with a sweet smile. He smirked. “Hi there, I’m Rann.” He bowed at a fit waist with respect to the female, lifting up and extended a right naked hand.
I lifted and extended a left gloved hand as Rann flirted like rouge and leaned down, tenderly kissing her black satin glove, way too long.
Rann was still the charmer of the universe, a flirting playboy, who was a very dashing and dangerous and sported a new black colored goatee, a head of curly black colored closely croppy hair, a pair of slanted brown eyes, and a tone of dark tinted skin. He stood at five feet and nine inches, weighing in at one hundred ninety pounds, flexing a set of ripped biceps that peeped-a-boo inside and outside a split down the middle open collarless golden satin jacket vest, without a shirt, ya’ll. The vest was tastefully decorated in an array of tiny semi-precious stones. He wore a pair of matching trousers which were tucked into a pair of brown leather knee boots. I sighed with dreamy.
Bartholomew held her glove with a smile into her face. “This is Lady Starra from Bonita.”
Rann released her glove and turned, scanning the parking lot with a chuckle and a grin. “Rosa’s parking the ship…”
I frowned without amusement and cleared a throat for attention. Rann turned and chuckled to see Starra. Baron was quiet as the mellow and serious gentleman of the universe. I nodded with a stern face to both males. “I am happy to meet your acquaintances, but I’m saddened to tell a set of very distressing news at this time of enjoyment. I declare with pronounced sorrow the passing of Lady Rosa former first noblette of Bonita. I’m so sorry for my awful bad news, please accept my sincere apologies.” There, I had covered both a neck and a fanny asset of any future real or made-up suspicious of me and my wrongdoings. I sighed with truth.


In mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when I accidentally had forgotten to tell a citizen or a robot about the untimely dead of Lady Rosa in front of my eyeballs and my new dress.

Then I had been accused, guilty, and almost hung by my short neck muscles as her cold blooded murderer.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present, I stood in place.
Bartholomew slowly man-pulled Starra into his hunter green colored satin cape, sweet breathing in her face with a smile. “I want to extend my sincere sympathy for your loss for the great Lady Rosa. We all are aware of her great accomplishments in the universe. I am so sorry, too.”
Rann frowned and stared at Starra, starting from her gray colored hair roots, going down to her pink painted toe nails with noble suspicion. “We appreciate your alarming news, Lady Starra.” He turned and stared into the nose profile of Bartholomew. “We should inform Rex, immediately.”
Baron wrapped an arm around her waist as they became like one blob of jelly, swinging around in sync, facing the open archway. The Dbots split apart for the couple. I sighed with love.
Baron and I traveled by the Dbots through the lobby entrance, passing the numerous food tables and the dance floor of twisting citizens, twirling gowns, twinkling tiaras, and tooting horns inside the glamour Festival Ball. I sighed with fun.
They stopped and stood at the nose profile of King Rex, who was a short, fat, bald, and weak male.
I executed a Tele scan upon his metaphysical condition as Rex appeared overall healthy and elderly along with a set of Tele powers not equal to mine. I sighed with intrigue.
Her familiar alto clarinet voice rose and lounged over the collar bone of Rann as she stood behind the back spine of Rann with a smile and nod. “Darling, I missed the tango dancing. I love to tango dance with…”
“Ivy!” Baron released Starra and side steeped, leaning over and grabbed the gloved hand of Ivy, pulling her from the behind Rann and cuddled her into his chest with a smile. He turned with a chuckled and a nod to see Starra. “May I introduce, Lady Starra?” Ivy turned and smiled to Starra. He smiled. “My sister, who is the highly beautiful and intellect Baronetess Ivy.” Ivy extended a gloved hand first to the new female with a lady grunt that sound a farm pig that was delivering babies.
I should know the familiar farm sound, since I was a real farmer girl on planet Earth. I reached and slightly shook her glove.
Ivy released first from the new young female with a fake smile, slapping the glove against her dress with a lady huff that sounded like a farm pig during sex.
I should know that familiar farm sound and sight too, since I was a farm girl from planet Earth. I dropped my glove with a fake smile also in silence.
Ivy appeared the same as the rest of the old characters from the first alien timeline. She exhibited a head of shoulder-length shiny blonde colored hair, a pair of pretty blue eyes, a slender tallness in height that was equal to her brother Bartholomew. She wore a set of gems, exhibiting rubies to emeralds to sapphires to diamonds, coming down from the hair roots, stopping at her coral colored toe nails. She leaned over and grabbed, dragging the naked bicep of Rann into her cuddle with a real smile, standing between two of the most desirable males inside the universe.
So, I did perform a soft lady grunt as a teen alien from planet Earth.
Thus, I concluded that some things did not change between first and second alien timelines.
Ivy lifted and pointed a coral colored manicured finger at the nose profile of Rann with a smile and a giggle. “As for you, husband, stop flirting with every pretty girl that you see.” She turned and giggled into the nose profile of Bartholomew. “That’s Bartholomew’s job. Remember, we’re trying to marry him off forever,” she chuckled with Bartholomew and Rann.
I didn’t laugh, since I was not amused. And I had excellent eardrums, hearing the newest information. Rann and Ivy were married like together as a man and a wife inside the same galaxy of the second alien time. Well, I had seriously messed up the second alien time line but I will fix better than before. I sighed with worry.
Rex moved and scooted between Bartholomew and Starra, turning with a stern face to stare at the nose profile of Starra.
Bartholomew turned and looked down over the baldness of Rex with a sad face. “Rex, we have learned from Lady Starra about Rosa. Rosa has passed, this evening.”
Rex frowned at Starra. “She’s dead.” Starra nodded in silence. He exhaled without tears or fears. “I will miss her.” He cleared a throat, extending a gloved hand to Starra. “Lady Starra, it is very nice to meet you, finally. Rosa had talked about you all the time.”
My Tele senses pinged. Everything is fine.
I slowly extended a glove hand, feeling his gripe with a frown, parted my lips and then rolled my eyeballs into his face.
He smiled with a nod. “Would you be so kind as to accompany me to the refreshment table for a beverage? I need to hear the last detail of her demise.” He turned with a touch of his Tele power and forcefully dragged Starra away from the noble huddle, moving away from the dance floor too, strolling along the wall with a set of numerous food and beverage refreshment tables.
I looked over a collar bone with a sour frown to see Bartholomew. He nodded in silence to Starra.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything is fine.
I turned back around and stroll slightly behind a fast pacing Rex. I passed another the refreshment table, desiring to try one of the new desserts of fruit which was buried inside chocolate. I passed the group of musicians, warming up the brass and woodwind instruments for the beginning of the next song.
I could play a piano underneath my Grandma Starbelt tutelage. I sighed with entertainment.
I continued moving ahead through a gray colored door, still holding onto the hand of Rex.
We entered through the archway into an empty hallway, moving and stopped in front of a second door on the left.
Rex swiftly slammed open the door into a square shaped room without any windows for viewing a beautiful starry and romantic night on planet Commerce.
I followed him and stopped in the middle of the room.
The door slammed shut.
He turned with a sour frown, standing three inches in front of her freckles, bad breathing in sour grape flavors into her nose bridge. “You are the catalyst. I need your help, Alien.” He breathed heavy for air. “Someone’s trying to kill me.”


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when King Rex had died, totally.


Then I mentally flashed back into present within the second alien timeline, I puffed with annoyance.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Someone will kill you, King Rex, making you deader than a door knob. The person will be your own evil daughter former Queen Rita. Now, she was Viscountess Rita, wearing a beautiful jeweled golden tinted dagger underneath her ankle-length white colored dress which will eventually land your royal rib cage, left side.
So, the second alien timeline of upcoming deadly and pleasurable events seemed to be unfolding at a different rate and a weird-o order. I sighed with shore thing.
I turned and inhaled a breath of fresh air, swinging around with a sneer to Rex. “My name is Starra. You should use that proper pronoun instead of alien. Are you positive that someone is going to kill you, Rex?” He nodded in silence with a pair of worried eyeballs. I could see the fear within a pair of matching blue eyeballs like his daughter Rita.
Rex stopped a foot and jabbed a finger into her nose bridge. “I have received both body threats in the form of verbal comfones from a mystery guest and electronic threats by comlens from the same baritone voice. You’re the catalyst. You’re here to protect me. I demand that you protect me, alien.”
I quickly back stepped from his natural weapon, hitting the door with a fanny and a worried brow. I was concerned about Rex sounding the word alien and hoped that there were no spying comlens here inside the tiny room. I sighed with secret.
I leaned down over his baldness and sneered, showing my four bottom teeth, “Well, fine, do not worry about a thing, King. I’m here. I’ll protect you.”
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
Rex back stepped with a smile and a nod from Starra, reaching and grabbed her arm as he swung them around to face the closed door with a smile and a whistle, moving to the door and flung a hand at the door knob with his Tele touch.
The door opened.
They exited the tiny room and strolled in silence down an empty hallway, moving back into the dance room of music.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I performed a Tele view of the future. Rex was going to die again. I couldn’t halt that event which had occurred inside the first alien timeline also which was clearly repeating based on all my limited common sense and Tele power observations, so far.
I mentally tallied all the dead bodies so far, including the entire Tele crew, one metal space shuttle, Lady Ann, and Lady Rosa and then I will add one more to the total summary which will occur tonight within a few hours.
Lord Dirk was my enemy number one. Queen, I mean, Viscountess Rita was my enemy number two.
Viscount Lad of Tech had answered the riddle wrong and had to marry Rita, in turn, Rita was demoted down to a Viscountess of the Universe.
My metal friendly robot, Bot did not exist. It became an old heap of used metal scrape when I didn’t show up for the play and win the Conqueror Tournament. Prince Rann was present and won the Conqueror Tournament instead.
During the victory Game celebration of the Golden Warriors at the Sahara castle, Rann participated in the death race that plastered poor stupid Baronet Zak to the Wall. I sighed with mystery.
Rex and I halted and stood inside the double door archway.
The Master of Ceremonies (MC) stood in the wall corner, saying via comfone (television). “The Random Dandom Dance is beginning next. Please move and secure your dance positions now.”
Bartholomew hid near the wall corner, sliding out with a chuckle and grin, reached, grabbing her hand, moving away from Rex and scooted his shoes into the middle of the dance floor with Starra. He swung them around with a chuckle and a smile, stopping and sweet breathed into her smiling face. “Would you do me the honor, and be my dance partner this beautiful evening, Lady Starra?” He bowed forward on a fit waist with a gesture of noble respect and tenderly kissed her glove for a second time.
I lovingly curtsied with a grin and a giggle at the best gentleman inside the universe, still holding his gloved hand too. I remembered the dance patterns and steps also. “I would be honored to dance with you, but only if you call me, Starra. No noble titles tonight. I suggest fun, fun, and more fun, tonight.”
Bartholomew stood upright with a smile and a nod to Starra, moving backward into the female line with a chuckle. “That’s an excellent ideal. No titles. Please allow me to re-introduce myself. I’m BA, a shorten version for Bartholomew.” He tugged and man-pulled Starra into his green colored cape and sweet breathed on her cheekbone. “Let’s get you situated inside the female line.” He stopped and stood outside the line.
I stopped and stood inside the female line, facing him instead of the dance aisle.
He grabbed both her arms and swung them around in a half circle with a smile and a chuckle, stopping and stood in front of her.
Now, I faced Bartholomew and the dance aisle for the upcoming dancers of the Random Dandom Dance.
He back stepped with a nod and a grin from Starra, tossing each arm in the air for with silly for the upcoming fun dance.
I lifted my hand near a smile, waving like a silly teen. Wait! I was a silly seventeen-year-old teenager flirting with a silly male.
Bartholomew stopped and stood on the opposite side of Starra inside the male line.
The musicians played a rolling fanfare, moving into the rocking song.
The first couple stood in front of the respective line and dashed toward each other with laughter, cuddling into each arms, dancing and swaying side to side down an empty aisle of space with smiles. They reached the end of the space, moving to the last position of the respective lines.
Then the second couple glided into the dance aisle.
On the 19th hour in the late, late evening on top of the dance floor, my evening quickly passed with numerous fast and furious dance steps with Bartholomew during the Random Dandom Dance and the other slow and cheek-to-cheek dances as the music song tones within the last happy rhythm of the drums rolled softly. The last couple of the two lines finished the dance and stopped, turning and stood in the respective lines.
Then the entire row of dance gentlemen shifted to the right of Starra.
I stood in line, extending a gloved right.
The male jerked Starra into his chest, exhaling his sour breath in her freckles, saying with a sneer. “Dirk, but you know that don’t you, Starra?” Dirk shoved Starra from his chest, looking down to see her eyeballs.
I smiled sweetly. “Hey there, snot hole! What’s up, buddy?” I found him. Okay, he found me. I sighed with trouble.
A pair of mint green colored eyeballs flashed and flared with fighting death fiery as the red colored lips leaned down and gossiped into her eardrum. He bad breathed into her smiling face, “Rosa’s dead. Big surprise, there, Starra!”
I executed a Tele probe into his evil mind, finding the drive, destruction, and death. Then his Tele shield sealed and locked her out. I sighed with fear.
The music played a fanfare for the last dance of the evening.
Bartholomew moved and punched an elbow into the rib cage of Dirk with a smile, grabbing and man-pulled Starra into his cape and away from Dirk, wearing with a gentlemanly smirk, staring at Starra with a smile. “Pardon me, Dirk! May I have the last dance of the evening with the enchanting and gorgeous Lady Starra for the evening?” They hugged and twirled in a completed circle, dancing away from snarling Dirk without any more interference. I sighed with marriage.
Alien Day 20


1st hour, early morning
Planet Commerce
Castle of Lady Starra
Kitchen setting
Full moon and cold temperatures without stars and partly cloudy 


I stood within the darkness inside the kitchen after popping off the sealed lock on the small metal door.
The electricity was powered to off, making the castle minus fifteen degrees below zero. Yeah, I was barometer. Since Dirk would not turn on the electricity for me.
Dirk had informed me last night during our tango with a little ‘t’ like in little trouble that he would flip the power to on if I get out of the galaxy through the wormhole. No, I did that ride in the first alien timeline and didn’t like the deadly consequences.
I slapped both hands together without rubbing and created with the body element of heat within my palms, using the Tele power of telemetabolics and then applied both my hands and touched the naked kitchen wall.
Red colored heat instantly radiated the wall around my hands, and then it soared outward into different directions, surrounding the one-sided wall. Then the red light shot to each wall, illuminating the entire kitchen with light and heat. I sighed with a pride.
If my Tele theory worked, then I might be able to light the entire castle, not needing double smart-hole Dirk for anything. I quietly prayed and mumbled with high hopes like that little tiny ant that lifted hundred times its weight for food, not starving during the wintertime.
“Only in your dreams, Starra, you’re not a power plant.” I moaned within the darkness, stomping into the living room, wearing my pair of black colored and pink snake-skinned cowgirl boots that I had purchased in the first alien timeline and found inside my old bedroom closet inside the castle on Commerce.
Now, I happily stomped around the ice cold floor, warming up my toe bones. However, the pink tint of the extreme tip of the leather boot toe had magically spread an inch toward the arch of the shin inlay. I sighed with weirdly.
I slapped both palms on the hallway wall, leading into the dining room in darkness, seeing a set of bright overhead lights pop on. “It works.” I moved around the castle, lighting up each room, heating the cold air molecules with a giggle and a grin. “I’m a power plant, now.” I yawned, moving to my old bedroom on the second floor and crawled between the cold bed sheets, closing my eyelashes, dreaming about Bartholomew with a happy smirk of mouth drool.
On the 3rd hour of an early morning, inside my private sleeping chamber with cold temperatures with bright stars, the noise sounded like a fog horn. I rolled over to the other side of bed and closed my eyelashes again. The noise sounded like a fog horn. I opened my eyelashes, staring at the far wall, hearing the noise.
The door bell sounded bong, bong.
I whispered with a frown, “Stang, I gotta fix that dang door chime.” I rolled off the bed, planting a pair of naked toe bones onto the plush carpet and exited the sleeping chamber.
The door bell sounded bong, bong, and bong.
“Coming,” I whispered with the yawn into my eardrums only, not finding my loud soprano and stumbled and tumbled two wobbling legs over the cold floor inside the ceiling of dull overhead lights from a head of slushy neurons.
Bong, bong, and bong went the door chime.
“Don’t die on my front porch, either,” I yawned and tripped over two naked feet and beautifully recovered with an upright pose, going down the chartreuse (greenish yellow) staircase and flopped both of my fleshy heels on the cold floor, waddling forward to the closed door in a bath robe and night gown into the foyer. I stopped and stood, grabbing the door knob and slammed the nails off the wooden front door, seeing the cool mist as my eyeballs focused on him. I parted my lips with a soft voice. “Bartholomew?”
Bartholomew scooted around Starra and invaded the foyer as he was dressed like he was going to a really formal birthday party as Starra swung around and listened. He turned with a stern face to see Starra. “I’m sorry to wake you, Lady Starra. There is an emergency noble meeting now. Your presence is required at the royal castle of King Rex.” He nodded with a stern face.
I nodded back in silence, swinging around and dashed up the staircase to dress for the proper noble meeting.
At the 4th hour of an early morning at the castle of King Rex in the new noble committee meeting with cold temperatures and bright stars, I had dressed and rode with Bartholomew inside his air limousine without a kiss or a hug of the usual girlfriend and boyfriend friendly cozy spot of an enclosed and shield rear cabin for a business meeting of the nobles for some weird reason at three in the freaking morning of a cold day with tons of bright stars.
Pbot stopped the vehicle, lowering to the hard pavement with a soft thud and opened both the rear doors for Starra and Bartholomew.
I scooted out of the vehicle with a stern face and followed beside Bartholomew, entering the castle in and sitting inside the same noble meeting room in silence. The room was square shaped without a single window but a single door for coming and going. The walls were painted in light purple color with one single art work, a picture of a cliff mountain and a herd of black sheep on the west wall.
I scanned the pretty lavender paint on the wall as a set of heated bodies swished by my arms and settled around the noble round table too. Then I waited for King Arthur…naw…King Rex to invade his space and yell at me for doing something wrong, since I was required to attend a new noble meeting at three in the freaking morning of a cold day.
I wore a dark green ankle-length gown with a high collar and a pair of long sleeves from the cold morning and a stern face without yawning with a set of rude noblette manners which wasn’t easy as I was sleepy and tired from dancing last night at the Festival Ball.
The round conference table swiftly became overcrowded with Rann, sitting across from Starra. Governor Jon of Uni was dead. The other nobles consisting of Count Dov of Bio, General Ivan of Militia, Marquise Roy of Resort, Lord Dirk all sat on the opposite side from Starra.
Queen, I mean, Viscountess Rita of Tech, since I kept forgetting her new title change as it was too early, too sleepy and too cold in the morning of third or three or whatever.
I had enjoyed dancing at the last night’s Festival Ball inside the taunt biceps of Bartholomew as he whispered a set of noble juicy gossip into my eardrums about naughty Rita. I smiled with a nod for more good stuff.
After I had vanished from the first alien timeline, Queen Rita was blamed for the total disintegration death of the traitor (me). The traitor (me) had been sentenced to die by hanging from gallows at the Game stadium. But Rita had to boast and brag about marrying Bartholomew over a dying traitor (me) and accidentally halted the timed schedule of the traitor’s (me) execution proceeding.
Then a nasty gigantic thunderstorm overtook the grounds, the bleachers, and the earth soil of the tall and wide nice looking Stadium building, where hundreds of thousands of citizens were killed, maimed, injured, and lost during the massive earthquakes, pretty lighting strikes, fierce hurricane winds and titanic water flooding provided by a super duper rainy thunderstorm.
Rita was secretly trialed by her dad and then her dad King Rex dethroned her title of lovely queen and labeled her, a plain old lady. Rex still had a daughter and still needed the currs for his empty treasury chest.
During the next Jubilation Day, when I was not present, Viscount Lad won the hand of Lady Rita, since she couldn’t answer the riddle, becoming Viscountess Rita.
The end!
Lad was five feet and fat with soft tone of white tinted pale skin, and a head of blond colored curls that flowed over a round skull. Rita was an elegant girl almost standing at six feet with a pair of big breasts, a small waist, a pair of narrow hips, a head of dark blonde colored hair, a pair of baby blue eyes. She was pretty, intelligent, and cunning like her dang dad.
Her dad King Rex selected an equally noble punishment for his dang daughter too. And, then Lad died last week from a batch of bad mushrooms. I sighed with very strange.
I turned and stared at Rita who was quietly sitting between Ivan and Dirk. Dirk opined way too much for Rita and had lovingly volunteered to be her secretary-something on planet of Tech World.
Buddies till the end of something!
Rita did not wait for the grand entrance of Rex, standing with a stern face to see each noble. “Rex is dead.” All the other nobles grunted and then silenced.
Roy turned and frowned to Rita. “Is it death by assassination or suicide?”
Ivan nodded with a stern face to each noble. “Suicide, without any connection to assassination, the still body lies within the Rex’s private chamber with a single dagger implanted into his heart.”
The universe allowed the nobles and any ambitious commoner to ascend up to the next noble ranking based on a murderous kill of a superior- someone in secret, of course. Once the dirty deed was done, if you had the guts to kill and steal for the rank, you could increase both power and currs, all at once. I sighed with disapproval.
Jon frowned. “No one has come forth to declare his person or her person to become the next ruler of the universe.”
Ivan grinned. “I reinstate Viscountess Rita as our new queen. She is the most qualified to assume her father’s royal position over our universe.”
Rita shook her blonde curls with a sour frown. “I cannot accept the royal position. I’m obligated to Tech World, since Lad has died. There are royal bylaws for this type of noble emergency that I’ll explain to you.” She stood and shuffled a pair of heeled sandals to the north wall, moving the art painting and spun a dial that was built into the steel plated wall safe. She reached and lifted the handle, opening the door and pulled out an object and gracefully pirouetted. She faced the nobles, carrying a big ugly red colored Book.
I stared at the Book and pondered the number of other red colored and torn Books that were hidden around the universe which might be locked inside a safe box behind another art painting throughout each noble castle. This red colored faded leather Book matched the identical dimensions, font, and style as the other red-colored faded leather Book that I had received Lady Rosa within first alien time line. I sighed with intrigue.
Rita elegant strolled in a floor-length white gown toward the table, plopping down the Book over the wooden surface, flipped some pages and stopped, reading out loud with a stern face. “In the event, King Rex is declared dead without the event of assassination as determined by the royal court, the existing nobles will elect a new ruler by nominations of two noble delegates. Then a census will be polled to determine the next new king or queen of the universe by a democratic vote in the majority of the nobles and noblettes.”
Bartholomew stood and shuffled next to Rita, looking down and scanned the contents and confirmed the context. “This text says that we nominate two candidates and vote which one should be the next ruler of the universe.”
Rita turned and nodded with a stern face to Bartholomew. “You have paraphrased the statement correctly.” She moved and sat down inside the chair in silence.
Ivan reached and pulled the Book into his placement at the table, looking to see each noble. “There are only seven nobles eligible for nomination.” Rita swiftly stood and turned, exiting the noble meeting room.
I slowly stood with a stern face.
Ivan motioned a hand for Starra to sit down with a sour frown.
Jon tenderly touched the arm of Starra with a smile. “Where are you going, Starra? You are the first noblette of Bonita. That world has been ruled by female for over five hundred years. Dirk knows this to be true.” Jon turned and nodded to Dirk.
I slowly sat back down, learning something within the new today.
Dirk swiftly stood and bowed at a fit waist in respect, lifting a stern face to see each noble. “Nobles and noblettes, good luck!” He turned and exited the room, gently closing the door shut.
Ivan smiled. “I nominate Marquis Roy.”
Rann smiled. “I nominate Baron Bartholomew.”
Ivan stood with a grin. “We have two nominations for the new ruler of the universe. Are there any objections from the candidates?” Silence invaded the room. He smiled with a nod, pointing to the items in the middle of the table. “I suggest that we vote using an old fashion method of ink and paper.” He nosily ripped a loose blank paper from inside the rear of the Book, placing the small slips next to a tall cup. The tall silver tinted cup was filled with a set of pretty feathered quill pens plus a matching ink well in the center aisle of the round table.
I had missed the centered shiny item from the previous noble meeting in the first alien timeline for some strange reason. I sighed with absence.
Ivan grinned. “Please write your choice of king on the piece of paper, fold it in half, and return it to the basket in the center of the table. Does everyone understand these instructions?”
Silence invaded the room.
I stood and leaned over into the middle of the table, reaching and grabbed, admiring a cute-like quill feather pen in the color greenish-yellow chartreuse with the tide-dyed peacock feather, representing the Bonita castle. I sat down inside my chair and scrambled down the name of king and folded the tiny paper, standing and dropping it back into the basket. Then I sat back down and stared, daydreaming about Bartholomew, smirking at his stoic face as the other nobles finished the scribbles. I sighed with excitement.
Ivan nodded at the complete task and reached, lifting the basket in front of his placement, selecting one small slip and held it into the air with a stern face, reading out loud the proper name. “Roy.” Ivan turned and handed the slip to Bartholomew for all nobles to see and verify too, pulling out a new piece of paper, reading out loud the name. “Bartholomew.”
On the 2nd hour of an early morning, inside the interior hallway beside the door with the noble committee meeting, Dirk leaned over and whispered into her eardrum. “Rita, don’t get so close!”
Rita stood next to the doorway with a whisper. “I wanna hear who wins.”
Dirk gently grabbed her forearm, swinging them toward an empty hallway with a whsiper and a smile. “Forget it, sweetie! We have work to do. Let’s leave. That girl, Starra is going to be trouble for us.”
They shuffled away from the noble archway, moving arm-in-arm, bad breathing into each other’s nose holes and strolled to the exit door of the castle.
“You can handle her, sweetie. How many citizens were gathered last night?” Rita smiled.
“Five.” Dirk grinned.
“Does anyone else suspect that the Sickness patients have not died?”
“My handpicked physicians who have all lined a pocket with your currs are providing a set of professional reasons and a stack of fake medical documentation that fools even the mourning family members.” Dirk laughed.
“You’re correct. We have lots of work to do.” Rita laughed too.
Inside the interior room of noble meeting, Ivan shouted out loud with a smile reading the last slip of paper. “Bartholomew.”
I whispered for my eardrums only, after hearing the familiar and dangerous word that was drifting around inside the metaphysically air waves and floated into my Tele mind, “Sickness patients…”
Ivan lifted and bowed his arms with a smile and a nod. “I do declare our new king as Baron Bartholomew of the planet of Agri.”
All the nobles stood and clapped as Bartholomew rose with a smile and a nod to each noble, leaning down and tapped on the naked arm of Starra who continued to sit next to his chair.
I stood with a gasp and a fake smile too late, slowly clapping as I heard the term sickness patients that came from the moving lips of Rita. So the wicked duo was up to something not good within the new second alien time line. And I planned to find out and finish them. I turned with a smile and bowed at my fit waist to King Bartholomew.
Alien Day 21


Castle of King Bartholomew
9th hour, late morning
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine

It was a combination royal coronation and royal funeral with a surprise royal gift from King Bartholomew. The citizens generously accepted the nomination and election of the new solo ruler of universe for his lifetime job. The royal treasury chest contained no currs for the royal event, where Bartholomew was one of the wealthier nobles within the galaxy, who was second only to Prince Rann of planet Sahara and his gem stone mines.
For his first royal decree, King Bartholomew had ordered work vacations, school releases, and freedom privileges for many prisoners from the Prison Planet. He had invited all the citizens to attend a series of numerous parties, dancing balls, eating lunches, merchandise shopping, sightseeing visits, and an on-going continuous twenty hours (Commerce day and night) happy party celebrations on planet Commerce for five solid days (Commerce week).



A few days later…


Alien Day 27


On the 11th hour (early afternoon) within the castle of King Bartholomew inside the royal banquet hall with cool temperatures and bright sunshine, I gladly attended party after party, banquet after banquet, lunch after lunch, and meeting after meeting for fifteen hours straight and then went back home to my noble castle. I slowly moved through the front door and up the staircase, dragging a new torn and dirty ball gown over the dirtier floor and flopped down over the ugly unmade bed covers and slept inside my own bed after being a seem, not spoken royal girlfriend of a busy-bee king. I sighed with par-tee.
Alien Day 28


Festival Day of King’s Parade
Cobblestone street setting
12th hour, early afternoon
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine


The yellow colored cobblestone street sported citizens, citizens, and more citizens of the remaining two million souls plus one alien (me) after the terrible natural phenomenon within the first alien time line. The violent thunderstorms and a series of multiple earthquakes had toppled a large and small concrete stones down from the Stadium walls and over the bleachers and lots of warm wobbling bodies. I sighed with sorrow.
Today, the King’s Parade also honored the fallen men, women, and children plus the former dead, not yet buried Rex in a fancy royal funeral procession. Both the royal coronation and the royal funeral parade started at the same place beside the royal caste of dead Rex and then finally ended at the busted and broken twin gates that were sorta still in repair array of the Game stadium.
The royal burial plot was located beyond the northern gate of the Stadium for dead Rex’s body.
I prettily glided about an inch and one half in an ankle length poufy pink colored gown, floating above and around the numerous piles of old horse dookie, the new camel spit, and lots of half-eaten red candy apple balls, executing a Tele kick with telekinesis, seeing him in front of the parade route.
King Bartholomew was so handsome on top of his magnificent Appalachian stallion named Boe, wearing a silly emerald jeweled crown on top of his salt and pepper hair, donning a satin that flowed in dark green cape from a set of emerald gem clips that shimmered at both collar bones. The royal robe extended down over the rump of the horse, running off the edge of horse’s tail.
I floated and found a semi-clean slab of vanilla colored concrete without the sticky candy on the sidewalk, executing a Tele landing with telekinesis next to the saddle of Bartholomew with a grin and a giggle. I sighed with kingness.
Doe was saddled and stood next to her twin brother Boe. Her polished tan colored saddle held a pair of unpolished and wore black colored knee boots of old dead and gone bye-bye King Rex. The traditional footwear was posed in an upside down position gesture to honor the old fart.
I waddled duck-like in an elaborate pink gown which was sleeveless, showing off on my two tanned collar bones and naked shoulders, the adorning cute pink diamond necklace around my throat too. I elegantly tripped over the delicate dress ruffles that hung and made love to the upright grass. I flowed forward as the dress flowed backward, jerking tightly around a fit waist as I struggled to reach Boe and Bartholomew. I sighed with toil.
I arrived alive but couldn’t save much for the hem of the pink ruffles. I greeted with a perfect set of white teeth and fresh mint breath, holding out a glove for acceptance as a good lady noblette. “Good afternoon, Bartholomew,”
Bartholomew turned with a smile, sliding off the saddle and stood in front of Boe, bowing at his fit waist for the noble respect and tenderly grabbed and kissed the glove. He lifted a torso with a confuse brow to see his girl, dropping the glove of Starra. “Good afternoon, Starra. You’re wearing a beautiful gown.”
I bounced side to side inside the wide plantation dress, slightly waving my gloves with excitement. The skirt measured an extra two feet at the hips on each side, making my waist look tiny as I grinned with a giggle of happiness. “Thank you.”
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
He thumbed back over a collar bone at the beautiful blonde-colored mare on the other side of Boe, saying with disappointment. “I thought you were going to ride beside me, today.”
My eyeballs scooted around him to see the horse and then Bartholomew as my face held both shock and surprise, saying with a whisper. “Beside you, riding a horse,” I looked down with a stern face and a soft curse underneath a pink tongue.
“I have the mare saddled for you to slowly walk beside me in my royal coronation parade, Starra. Don’t you get my message?” Bartholomew frowned at her hair roots and pink tiara.
I looked up with a confuse brow. “Message!?” Then I heard the sissy whine of an alto timber behind my bee-hind, swinging my curls around to see the annoying person. I sighed with enemy.
Ivy slowly pranced around the floats and the live animals, waving an arm at him as she must have been within spy…naw…eardrum range. She had heard the response of Bartholomew and had an answer. “My fault, Bartholomew, I didn’t deliver the information to Starra in time for this afternoon’s ceremony. I’m so sorry, Bartholomew.” She stopped and stood beside petite Starra, smiling with a nod to her brother, swinging her blonde curls to see the hair roots of Starra. “There was so much to coordinate and so little time to do all things for the royal parade.”
I gritted my teeth underneath a fake smile with a serious tone, facing Bartholomew. “I see.” My Tele powers could turn Ivy into an ugly green toady frog, if I had selected to abuse them at the moment. Instead I nodded with a fake smile, thumbing over a naked collar bone. “I will ride as planned inside my noble carriage in the rear of parade line, B.A.”
Bartholomew reached down and grabbed, lifting and kissed the glove of Starra again, standing upright with a smile and a wink to her. “Alright, then I will see you later after the royal parade inside my skybox, Starra.”
I turned and faked a smile to see Ivy. “Yes, you will.” I swung around with a fake smile and a set of gritted teeth, fighting a foot path over the sticky contents on the sidewalk. I was too upset to execute a Tele lift through the air waves, since I could end up flying into a person or a place or a thing. I slowly elbowed and paced back toward the end of the parade line, swearing harm using her dripping red blood as my fists opened and closed with fury.
I arrived and stopped, standing beside a two-horse drawn open carriage of greenish-yellow colors but it was not the last float within the King’s Parade. It was the carriage before the last float. The last float was a rectangular-shaped dark purple coffin box on top of an open cart. The coffin box was the last thing behind my skull. I signed with yucky.
And I plotted an evil plot against his sister Ivy for this dead end arrangement, excuse the pun. I sighed with revenge.
Bartholomew had decreed that all the noble floats would set and stand in order based on the monetary currs from the highest to the lowest with Bartholomew leading the march on top of his stallion Boe.
The dysfunctional couple of handsome Rann of Sahara and selfish Ivy of Agri were drawn by a set of four white camels.
The unmarried but dating evil couple of Viscountess Rita of Tech World and Lord Dirk of Bonita was driven by a pair of metal Pbots inside a white colored barge.
The old-timed married couple Marquis Roy and Marquise Dee of planet Resort was drawn by a pair of live gray colored elephants.
The other planetary floats of Bio, Uni, and finally Bonita came in the rear, nicely floating above the piles of fresh animal dookie. So I represented both the dead and poor world of Bonita.
I didn’t have a curr account in the second alien timeline. Rosa had died before she could properly hand over control of her assets to me, so Dirk had inherited the small money account and no property, since I burnt down the castle on Bonita with poor Pbot inside.
But her rich boyfriend Bartholomew was in the process of deeding everything to Starra which translated, not much.


I mentally back flashed past within the first alien timeline, when I had inherited the currs account of Lady Rosa and the castle too.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present, my deep financial situations sucked, totally.
I heard the tooting trumpets sound and the rolling drums bang with the totting flutes.
The King’s Parade started moving over the cobblestone street as the happy citizens waved with arms and finger pads, whistled off-key in high pitched musical notes, tossed hundreds of wrapped candy bits along with tons of fresh cut flora flowers onto the street, trying to purposefully hit the inner decks of the numerous colorful noble floats for some fun entertaining.
My carriage floated down to the end of the yellow brick…naw…cobblestone road. Pbot halted the horse-carriage at the end of the horizontal line which was way down about four blocks away from the entrance gates, since I was brewing and mewing with my jealous revenge killing plans, instead of paying attention to the busy barge traffic.
I stood and executed a Tele jump with telekinesis from the inner floor of the carriage, since no one bothered to park a float beyond my ride. I performed a Tele drop and a Tele land over the smooth sidewalk, waddling forward over the stones, where I met two Gbots or guard robots to protect and defend my boyfriend King Bartholomew.
The two Gbots escorted Starra to her assigned seat, but it was not where you would think either.
I was inside the old Bonita skybox as I eyewitnessed Bartholomew across the field inside a row of royal seats within his new royal skybox of former and dead King Rex. The next married couple, Rann and Ivy, was seated far away from the Bonita skybox too on the opposite side of the field right next to Bartholomew.
Yeah, I executed a Tele spy…naw…sight on all them. I sighed with frustration.
I had been outfoxed twice by a new nemesis Ivy.
O well! It was just a ceremony of crowning my boyfriend as the permanent King of the Universe, occurring once in a lifetime. I motioned with a hand wave to Wbot for a weak beverage and a big umbrella, covering my burning freckles, since it was not a hot day temperature wise. I sighed with disappointment.
Words after words after words, everyone had something important to say about the new king, the new kingdom, the new universe, and then the dead king, the dead kingdom, and the dead universe. I belched and burped after consuming fifteen chocolate chips and five beverages of sugary soda during those boring happy and then sad solo speeches. I sighed with boredom.
Then the last man finished.
Rann had a turn talking, swiftly stood with a smile, holding up a cup of something to Ivy and Bartholomew. “To Bartholomew, who I’ve have known and serviced all my life, I wish you and your new kingdom the best and brightest future for nobles and commoners.”
It was done!
I stood and turned, moving down the stairs, exiting the stadium.


Castle of Lady Starra
Private sleeping chamber setting of Starra
15th hour, early evening
Sunrise of blue and green with cooler temperatures


I finally arrived very tardy at home, finding the place empty and silent. I was the last mansion on the yellow brick road and the last stop of any travels, if anyone ever desired to visit with me. As a matter of fact, I did not recall receiving one visitor other than my boyfriend visit from Bartholomew on three different occasions, not pleasure either plus the non-productive of visiting burglars, too.
I giggled with amusement, dashing quickly up the staircase and turned into my bedroom.
I stopped and stood, touching the ball gown over the mirror, blushing in a pinky tint, recalling the acquisition of my unique creation for the royal coronation ball. I sighed with joy.
Five days ago…


Alien Day 23


Castle of Baronetess Ivy
9th hour, late morning
Cold temperatures and partly cloudy


I had contacted Ivy on the comfone to arrange for her seamstress to create and design a very special dress.
I was the one and only current girlfriend of the king. I required a queenly attire, eliminating all of Lady Ann’s wardrobe of pretty gowns, elegant dresses, and lots of beautiful other garments which were too tight, too wide or too long.


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien time line, when Rosa had used her seamstress to complete my noblette wardrobe.


Ivy had hurriedly arranged a quick meeting for Starra at her castle.
I had promptly arrived and was greeted by Rann. He wittingly had entertained Starra, the seamstress, and the servants inside the parlor room like a sitting space with trays of food.
Ivy had continuously congregated with her brother, instead of her husband.
Yeah, I had sounded jealous and I was of Ivy. However, I had uncovered a new deadlier enemy than Rita, because I could control the one thing that Ivy could not her brother with a flutter of an eyelash or a toothy smile on a pretty face.
The man melted into my hands. I sighed with confidence.
On the 10th hour, mid-day at the Agri Castle with cool temperatures with bright stars, Prince Rann had introduced the seamstress from planet Agri and then took over the entire dress making session.
Yeah, I had sounded glad and I was a little bit overwhelmed with everything, since I was working three jobs, hiding my true identity, uncovering the misplaced Sickness patients, and attending way too many social functions for King Bartholomew.
Life was very busy here.
And I had discovered a dependable and honest best friend in Rann. He suggested a gray color for my gown to match my gray hair, whipping out a bag of loose diamonds which had been mined from planet Sahara that were to be sewn upon my royal coronation gown. I sighed with joy.
Rann had instructed the jeweler from planet Agri to design the tiara and arranged the furrier from planet Ice for produce a set of silver-grayish animal pelts shoulder wrap to go over her new gown.
I had nodded with a smile and loved my new best friend to death.
Then the fashion police force had exited the Agri castle for the new homework assignments.
Rann had played a good host, twirling Starra around the house and had invited her for lunch, consisting of chicken, rice, greens, fresh baked bread, fruit, and my favorite for dessert chocolate cake.
I had enjoyed the food, eating like a cave woman barbarian at my place setting.
Rann had chuckled with delight and studiously observed her un-noblette-like behavior with a smirk, “I’ve never seem a lady noble eat so much food in one meal setting. Do you require more hands, Starra?”
I had blushed with a pinky tone, once I had scraped off the excess dark chocolate off both my cheekbones. I had said with a pair of chocolate smirked lips. “I’m very satisfied, Rann. Lunch is delicious. Thank you so much for the invitation. I should arrange for payment of the stones. How many currs do I owe you?”
Rann had leaned into her space with a grin and a wink like his flirty self. “You’re very welcome for the meal but don’t worry your pretty head about the diamonds. They’re a gift from me to you. I enjoy giving gifts to citizens. I hope the citizens that I give gifts to enjoy using them.”
I had smiled and blushed in pinky tint, again. I could not handle Rann’s flirtation. He had been so honest and charming all the dang same time. I was the king’s girlfriend for goodness sake.
Rann needed to learn to show a little respect for Starra at least some respect for his wife, since Ivy was not here to witness his wild rouge misbehavior. She was probably used to it after all Rann flirted with every young, old, and elderly female within unknown universe. I sighed with playtime.
I had pushed the chair from the table as Rann leaned over and touched her hand. I smiled. “I probably need to scoot along doing my duties of the royal girlfriend.”
Rann had frowned. “Please stay a little while longer, Starra. We can chat. There’s more chocolate cake in the refrigerator. I promise.”
I had smiled with a nod, pulling back out the same chair with a grin and a giggle, sitting.
Hbot had served the food dessert within seconds.
I had eaten and cleaned off a pair of chocolate covered lips with a smile and a nod, after eating the first slice of chocolate cake. “You’ve found my weakness, Rann,” giggling.
Rann had grinned with a nod to Starra. “Good, I plan to have another chocolate cake prepared for tomorrow as well.” He snapped his fingers as Wbots invaded our table. He leaned over and mumbled a set of soft secret words into the bots for more food and looked at Starra. He shook a skull, sipping the tea. “Ivy is always running all over the universe, performing tasks for her brother.”
“Do you not want to be involved?” I had finished the beverage.
“I provide advice and direction when Bartholomew asks for my opinions and viewpoints. But I have to admit that I’m running both the prison and the farm. I find the later, a real challenge for me.”
I had frowned. “You’re managing Agri. Isn’t that Ivy’s job?” Wbot had entered the room and floated to Starra, stopping and placing the biggest piece of cake slice within her eyeballs. I had lifted the fork and the knife, diving fingers and lips into the sweet dessert. I was not a caveman, only a cowgirl. I sighed with table manners.
Rann had picked at the sweet cake with the fork. “She can’t do everything. The farm runs almost by itself. It’s the diplomatic function that I have to monitor at the farm.” He exhaled. “Bartholomew’s business partners do not want to meet with any of the other nobles. I don’t blame them. The other nobles are both snobby and rude. Present company excluded.”
I had nodded, holding another forkful of cake near my smile. “Thank you. I’ve observed the same characters of the other nobles. Present company excluded,” I had smiled with goo of thick chocolate covering my teeth, feeling it and used my tongue to clean my teeth and then asked. “Do you think Bartholomew’s new policies and regulations of the ever changing universe will lessen the gap between the commoners and the nobles?” I sighed with interest.
Rann had frowned down at the fork and looked up to see Starra with a nod. “I do. But it’s going to take time. I would guess, maybe months, maybe years, or maybe decades. I’ve cautioned our new king that change is slow. Both nobles and commoners are feeling the same way that the new policies he wants to institute are invasions of our private property rights. And no one citizen’s business, especially for an ambition new ruler, creating the same number of enemies along with the same tally of allies on both sides of the Wall.” I sighed with danger.
Present alien day and place and space and place


Alien Day 28


Castle of Lady Starra
Bedroom sleeping chamber setting of Starra
15th hour, early afternoon


I pulled down and struggled with the gray sleeveless slip dress up and over my body, admiring the design of the gown in the mirror with a smile and a nod.
The dress held a deep plunging V-shaped neckline that was shown on the front and the back as the fabric trailed down into a cute two-foot walking train. My upper body parts were decorated with a set of glistering and glittering diamonds from the overhead lights and inside the mirror. My long wavy gray hair flowed down in S-shaped curves toward a bare back spine. Crowning on the forehead, there was a small triangular-shaped tiara with a set of matching diamond triangular-shaped necklace on the bare neckline. And I completely the outfit with a pair of silver colored elbow-length gloves. I sighed with gorgeousness.
I performed a Tele lift from the floor and a Tele turn, slowly floating above the carpet with a giggle and a grin, executing a Tele flight through the archway, into the hallway, down the staircase and through the front door to the waiting air limousine from Bartholomew.
The door closed shut.
Pbot lifted and flew the air limousine to the royal coronation ball of King Bartholomew.


16th hour, early evening
Royal Coronation of King Bartholomew
Red nameless building and orange auditorium
Dance floor setting
Cool temperatures with bright stars


The air limousine stopped and lowered down to the ground.
The door opened.
I exited from the vehicle, executing a Tele float through the air and a Tele land behind a group of citizens in the darkness of the cool night.
I entered the archway.
The wall paint odor smelled, after someone had slapped a new coat of orange colors odor. The inner guts of the auditorium were decorated in an array of colorful blue, red, and yellow horizontal banners, vertical ribbons, and an archway of colored flowers of six thousand silly balloons. Yeah, I was swift in math.
I sexy walked into the auditorium, noting tons of delicious food tables first, lots of wiggling dancers second, and the tapping staccato of my heeled sandals third. I lady strutted toward the beverage bar, scanning for Bartholomew with both eyeballs and eardrums. I sighed with purpose.
The royal trumpets blasted my earwax into a set of tiny chunks as the royal greeter greeted with a round of obnoxious stupid introduction. I turned and smiled at the royal sight inside the lobby.
Bartholomew slowly entered into the auditorium, dragging a floor length hunter green cape over the dirty floor, heralding from the busy lobby and stopped. He smiled, shaking the hands of many citizens, kissing the pink cheeks of fat babies, kissing the gloved hands of elder women, and kissing the naked hands of younger girls. I sighed with harm to her, her, her…
Bartholomew was the new king and the solo ruler of universe without a queen, only a noblette lady. I sighed with jealousy at her, her, her…
Bartholomew slowly moved and stood in the middle of the dance floor as the citizens formed a loose circle around him. He finally turned and found the pretty sight of his girl with a hand wave and a smile as Ivy dashed passing Starra, pacing and stopped in front of her brother Bartholomew.
I gasped with shock. Bartholomew was waving to her, not me. I sighed with harm to her, not him.
Bartholomew reached and grabbed at her big ugly man-like hand with a set of un-manicured claws, turning and led them into the first dance of the evening. I sighed with disappointment.
His deep rich sexy baritone timber whispered into her eardrum. “You look divine, Starra.”
I snarled at them dancing and turned with a smile to see him. “Thanks, Rann!” I swayed side to side with the music, reaching over and touched his silky vest which was made of the same gray fabric that was covered in tiny diamonds too for fun, ya’ll. Then I smiled to him, “I’m gratefully for the help with my dress.” I lifted my hand slapped both palms to my dress, pondering Bartholomew, not dancing with me for the first dance. I sighed with hurt.
Rann smiled. “If our new king’s dances with my wife, then I must have to dance with his girl.” He extended a naked arm.
I lifted and draped a glove over his hand.
They elegantly turned and strolled onto the dance floor.
I danced with Rann for two dances, before Ivy stole her husband away from my dress. I beautifully danced with Marquis Roy then Priest Jon and then numerous other nameless commoners. I watched with one eyeball, since I needed the other one to dance forward. The lineup of young, old, and elderly females stood against the smelly fresh paint job, hoping to get paint stains…naw…strolls in a new ball gown with King Bartholomew. I sighed with loneliness. 
After hours of music dancing, Bartholomew shoved the girl….naw…gently parted from the cute young thing, standing in the middle of the dance floor alone. He turned and lifted, motioning a hand with a smile to Starra.
I dropped the full glass of milk down over the beverage table and ran forward into his open arms as my train dragged and hung onto a couple of exposed splintered pieces of tiny wood and plowed into his back spine. Because, Bartholomew had quickly swung away from Starra, addressing one of the annoying pretty female commoners. I back stepped from his wrinkled cape and turned a shade of bright strawberry red on my face, moving forward and stood next to Bartholomew.
He finally turned with a smile and a nod to see Starra, and extending an arm. They swung toward the side door to exit the auditorium as the new royal couple of the evening as they tarried the dragging hemlines to the next royal coronation party at the next noble castle of planet Agri.
Bartholomew rushed his words full of joy and delight, cuddling her. “This is so exciting. Isn’t it, Starra?”
I slightly nodded in silence, rushing forward my footpads in a pair of three-inched high heeled sandals with a two-foot train that really required a snail-like walk, not a race to the bathroom, after drinking too much water. Bartholomew sweet breathed in mint favor into her cheekbone. “So many people have gathered in one room to celebrate peace, goodwill, and prosperity in our…my universe. This is my new vision of the future, Starra.” 
A unit of two new royal honor guards opened the side gray colored door for a kingly escape and turned, running sideways which was funny to witness and stopped, standing and opened the hatch of the kingly royal carrier ship.
I entered and scoot across the rear bench of the carrier in silence with a sour frown.
Bartholomew entered and turning, scooting a nose bridge into the window with a chuckle, rolling down the glass, sticking a crowned head out, waving with a hand and a smile to the gathered citizens.
Pbot cranked the cold engine and flew point zero two miles down the yellow brick road to the next noble castle and halted, lowering the ship down to the hard pavement with a soft thud. A different unit of two new royal honor guards stood in place and opened the hatch door of Bartholomew.
Bartholomew exited from the carrier and slapped the collar bone of each guard with a smile and a nod.
I scooted with a wad of gray fabric in one hand, falling through the hatchway door, standing on the dress train with a fake smile and a dizzy headache. I sighed with royal drama.
Bartholomew turned and slowly moved through an empty aisle that was lined with rows of citizens, screaming teen girls, crying tiny babies, and sobbing elderly women. A different unit of two honor guards stood beside the closed door and opened the wood. Bartholomew was attacked…naw….touched by hundreds of sticky finger pads.
I gathered a handful of dress and moved forward, lingering behind his boot heels and stopped underneath a curvy archway of sweet-smelling colorful flora flowers, sneering…naw…seeing. I sighed with the good old former first alien time line.
At the noble castle of Baronetess Ivy and Prince Rann, I slowly moved forward over the front porch between the two lines and stomped into the dance hall.
Triple lines had formed on both sides of the dance room with a group of citizens of the finest wardrobe fabrics, consisting of silk, linen, cotton, satin, rayon, wool, and cotton in both bold and bright rainbow colors. Bartholomew strolled down the empty aisle with set of bright white and midnight black silly kiddie balloons, whipping into the face, the chest, and the waving pair of hands. The citizens tossed an array of colorful flora petals at his crown, falling down into his chest, onto the balloons, and then on his boots. The newest set of the cutest single most eligible young unmarried girls who were suitable for a single available handsome bachelor king, curtsied, giggled, and touched his face, then his chest, and then his balloons. I sighed with panic.
If all this wasn’t bad enough with the mini-parade, the young girls and triple lines of citizens, Ivy hid in the wall corner and leaped, slapping the body of Bartholomew, twirling around and around the empty dance floor as the fanfare played a stupid polka dance.
I halted inside the archway with parted lips with a sneer then a growl and then a hiss.
The door closed behind my dress.
I swing around with a gasp, hearing the swish of ripped fabric, yanking on my new royal coronation dress with a gasp, and viewed the short hem line of no feet with a sneer. 
The musical song changed.
I turned with a gasp to see Ivy. She parted and curtsied to the new king as a new young thing (girl) grabbed the exposed hand of Bartholomew, twirling him into her breasts as they swirled around and around over the dance floor. I moved forward, holding my torn dress when a young male grabbed my arm. I and the young man danced the next song. Then the song changed again. I danced with Ivan, Tok, Ty, Rann, and other commoners plus some little children, plotting a new rescue plan to save Bartholomew inside my mental brain cells.
And then I swiftly executed my rescue plan, swinging around, executing a Tele kick into the butt-hole of the next young thing (girl). She stopped dancing and gasped in shock, touching her butt-hole. I swiftly scooted by the young girl and grabbed the sleeve of Bartholomew, woman-pulling him by an emerald cuff into an empty hallway off the side of the dance floor and parked in front of his smile with a sad face and whined. “Bartholomew!”
“Speech, brother, speech!” Ivy broke from Rann over the dance floor, twirling around and around the dance floor, waving her arms and yelled with a smile. As the dance hall erupted into set of claps, cheers, and whistles bombard the space.
Bartholomew tenderly removed her hand with a smile and a nod, leaning over and kissed her dirty cheekbone of chocolate. He pulled back, licking his lips of the sweet dessert and whispered into her face. “We can talk after my speech, Starra.” He turned and dashed from Starra and into the dance floor, waving a hand. “Good evening…”
I stood alone inside an empty hallway, looking down with an angry face at the clean floor. Do not kill! 
I sneered then snorted and finally inhaled and exhaled, counting for five seconds of calmness. It worked, sorta. Then I turned and trotted to the food table, needing a ton of dessert sweets, ordering a big piece of chocolate cheesecake.
Wbot placed a large plate over the counter in silence.
I grabbed the plate and turned, finding an empty seat against the wall, moving away from the smelly guest inside a lonely-like-me loveseat and twisted into the small furniture space, hearing a terrible rip from the elegant dress. I ignored it, swiftly lifting the fork at eye level and viewed Bartholomew.
He was gone. I did not mean hidden within the obnoxious thong of cute and ugly party goers. I meant that he gone with the freaking wind, ya’ll.
I swiftly stood, holding the fork in one hand and the plate in the other, feeling a breeze of cold air inside an improper place around my exposed and ripped ball gowns, scanning the crowded room to protect my boyfriend Bartholomew with my new favorite entertaining vile word from the first alien timeline. “Stang!”
Ivan stood inside the archway of the dance floor with a smile, wearing a pressed and ironed blue uniform with a set of dangling medals and an array of colorful baby pins. “Royal honor guard, salute to the new king of the universe.” These words signaled that Bartholomew had deserted the Agri coronation ball for the next round of noble dancing and kingly speeches at the next noble castle. I sighed with lateness.
An ugly female honor guard with a crooked nose from boxing with her Sbot opponents approached and stood on the left side of Starra and bowed down at her waist in respect for the noblette statue, lifting upright with a stern face, saying in alto timber, “The caravan is leaving for the next ball at the Sahara castle, home of Prince Rann and Baronetess Ivy.” I sighed with frustration.
I did not bother to mum the lips, motion a hand, or move a sandal, since this was going to be the repeating scenario for rest of night, without using my Tele powers. I nodded without flipping a finger or a toe like an alien princess in silence and dismissed the lowly commoner.
The honor guard turned and marched to the archway for her next honor guard assignment for the new king of the universe.
I re-seated in a funky position with both my legs wrapped underneath a fanny inside the ripped dress then murderously stabbed the fork and attacked with vengeance the chocolate cheesecake, eating viciously like a heathen on the clean soft cushy green flowered sofa. The sweet food will entertain me until my belly was stuffed. Or I vomited from overfill whichever came first. I sighed with irritation.
His deep rich sexy baritone timber rumbled behind her tiara. “I see you have succumbed to your weakness.”
I swallowed without chewing. The soft cheese melted inside a tongue. I mumbled with next forkful of food. “Chocolate cures everything. Didn’t you know that medical fact, Rann? Colds, viruses, diseases, sadness, and disappointment, you name it and chocolate will cure it.” I faded my voice, attacking a fourth forkful of the delicious dessert
Rann shuffled around the sofa, carefully folding her dress and shared the edge of the loveseat with Starra with a smile and a nod. “I didn’t know that medical fact. I’m glad that you’ve informed me.” He turned and viewed the retreating royal honor guards with a frown. “I’m sorry for the misunderstanding, Starra. Where are they going next?”
I shrugged a naked shoulder, biting the lower lip, expressing without selfishness. “Everyone is busy while trying to make King Bartholomew happier. That’s the point of him as the new king.” I turned and grinned with a set of chocolate-coated teeth to Rann. “I do believe the royal party is moving to the Sahara Ball which is hosted by you.”
Rann turned and chuckled into her dirty teeth and pretty face. “Ivy is more than capable of hosting the entire royal entourage and more comfortably with the invited nobles, spouses, and commoners. I don’t really need to be there.”
I felt sad for Rann and his many obligations with a busy body wife who actually ruled the universe with my busy bee boyfriend. Then I softly sniggered. “I didn’t know that Ivy had Egyptian blood running through her noble veins.”
Rann gasped in shock and then smiled with a nod. “The country of Egypt is an old civilization on planet Earth that is located in a distance place in of time and space which is called the Milky Way Galaxy. I enjoy reading numerous ancient history books about Planet Earth. And I don’t believe that we practice nominating co-regents of the universe by blood lines.”
I gasped in alarm where I could speak about my home world of Earth as I was the real alien here within the unknown universe. “How? How is it possible that you know about the Ancient Egyptian culture, Planet Earth, and the Milky Way Galaxy, Rann?”
He bumped her arm with a flirty wink. “You know.”
I gasped in shock. “What am I supposed to know? I don’t know either. Please tell me! How do you know?”
He laughed with a smile. “I knew what you know.”
I gasped in worry. “What is exactly that you and I know, Rann?”
He nodded with a grin. “You and I both had studied Ancient Earth history when we were schooled on Planet Uni, Starra. The real planet Uni, not the fake planet, that’s a space station now. Don’t you remember, Starra?”
I nodded with a fake smile. “Yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I just had forgotten, since it has been so long again. How…how did we accumulate all of that earthly information? Do you know? I don’t remember or recall or know. I mean, the wormhole is not a nice entity…”
“The wormhole is both beautiful and deadly for a life form with warm flesh, hard bones, and red bleed. For centuries, we have been sending numerous outer space traveling probes inside the Milky Way Galaxy learning about earthlings and their culture.”
“O! Now, I recall.” I ate another slice of cake and chewed with chocolate covered lips. “Well, you might say that I’m a zealous admirer of Earth, both ancient and present.”
Rann could not fathom the depth of my true meaning of my real home, since he was born here.
He nodded with a smile. “Well, as you are an admirer of Earth like me. The later outer space transmission from Planet Earth contains a fascinating discovery.”
I frowned. “What outer space transmission from Earth?”
He nodded with a smile. “Planet Earth is going to implode within the next three years.”
“What!”
“Our last outer space probe which has been destroyed before transmitting a piece of valuable new information has determined that the exterior poisons, toxins and interior fiery core within the planet is going to destroy Earth.”
I gasped in alarm. “Can’t we help the earthlings?”
He frowned. “Uh!”
I lifted a chocolate covered hand and my tone. We need to do something for the earthlings, Rann. We…we can’t sit here and eat cake and let a planet of people die without mercy.”
He frowned. “People!”
I exhaled. “Citizens, a planet of citizens cannot die in vain without aid from another smarter race of beings like, like us, Rann. That…that’s not right. It…it’s all wrong.”
He exhaled with disappointment and shook his head. “I don’t know if we can help Planet Earth, Starra. The wormhole is not safe traveling by space craft. It contains over 3,000 degrees…”
“Yes. Yes. Yes. I know that. I learned that too.” I stood upright from the shared sofa with a fake smile and held the plate of half-eaten cake. I didn’t want to spend the rest of the evening with a light talk, more plates of good desserts, and a fine drink for three more hours discussing an assortment of varied subject matter, including Egypt, Earth history, crop farming, and some minor topics. I had learned terrible news about Planet Earth.
I glanced sideways at the comlen time on Wbot. It was near the 8th hour within the early evening on Planet Commerce.
I turned and fake a smile to Rann. “It’s very late. I must leave. I am ready to leave. I want to return back home. I need a ride. Can you fly me home, Rann?”
“Your home of Bonita, Starra, well, the night is still young and humid with beams of moonlight. Please, continue to stay here, enjoy the food, and listen to the soft music.” He turned and flexed a bicep to the numerous tables of uneaten food and sweaty beverages. “Bartholomew has spent a lot of his personal currs for this kingly party.”
I shook my curls with a fake smile. “No thank you, Rann. You have been a wonderful host and a good friend for entertaining me, this evening. I’m ready to go home. Anyways, I can’t eat one more bite of chocolate.” I burped out loud, covering the lips with a set of sticky finger pads.
Rann nodded and retrieved the dirty plate from Starra. “As you wish, Lady Starra, allow me a few minutes to get rid of the dirty dishes and find you a Pbot.” He slowly stood upright from the sofa and bowed down at his fit waist, reaching down and lifted, kissing her chocolate-covered hand. He stood upright with a slight nod and spun around, leaving Starra for his new task.
I faked a smile with worry about the latest information about my home world of Planet Earth from Rann. I sighed with sadness.
A few days later…


Alien Day 32


12th hour, early afternoon
Castle of Lady Starra
Living room setting
Cool temperatures and bright sunshine


I straightened the chair for the hundredth time, facing the door and impatiently waited for the door chime to bong. I talked insanely to my newly created invisible friend, sitting inside the invisible chair, looking adorable in her invisible sundress next to me in front of the front door about our most un-favorite citizen in universe Ivy.
I turned and frowned to new invisible friend. “Ivy acts like she got elected queen of the universe while blocking my VIP important visitation rights to Bartholomew. I know he has many, many kingly responsibilities requiring him to handle way too many annoyances from the nobles and commoners…”
The door chimes like a fog horn with a sound of bong, bong, and bong.
“Fix me,” I leaped from the chair with a giggle and a grin as the dining room roughly glided across the dusty floor into the long sofa from my Tele leap. I quickly dashed to the front door and stopped, smoothing both hands down a new gray sundress from my breasts down to the kneecaps and combed through my messy hair and pressed my apple cheeks for a rosy ting. I exhaled with a puff of happiness and excitement, reaching and touched the door knob, slamming open the wooden door, greeting with a smile. “Bartholomew!” I sigh with deep disappointment.
“Are you Lady Starra?” Mbot floated over the broken wooden porch planks with a baritone timber, flashing an array of green and purple lights on its belly.
I parted my lips and smashed my eyelashes upright with a surly slur. “Yeah, what of it?”
Mbot droned in a baritone timber. “King Bartholomew has a private message for you. He is detained. King Bartholomew must cancel the lunch but will see you for a dinner engagement at the royal castle at five in the evening. Thank you, Lady Starra!” It flew backward from the door to the air ship, entering the old hatchway.
I still pondered that slick robotic move, since it must have a set of hidden sensatory arrays built into its metal can on the rear of the cylinder-shaped body frame.
Then I slammed the door as the door chime whined in pain, turning and flopped down over the hard floor, sitting crossed-legs in the new sundress as the layered gray ruffles fanned around my bee-hind and new gray colored sandals, touching my face and spreading tons of germs over my nice complexion with disappointment.


I mentally back flashed past into last week, when I had saw the live and breathing flesh and blood Bartholomew at the one and only ever royal coronation ball at the Agri castle, then the next day on Monday at the royal noble meeting for his new decree.

King Bartholomew had updated the rest of the noble about his new democratic universe.

There would no separation between a noble class and a common class. Everyone would live under one galaxy peacefully.

So, the new royal order had gone according to new King Bartholomew, not a very long way.


***


Then I mentally back flashed past into Monday afternoon, when I had unsuccessfully attempted a third date with Bartholomew, storming the castle with a picnic basket of food then tackled Ivy at archway.  (That would have been really fun, if I had done it and won).
Ivy had blocked Starra and Starra’s new pretty plantation gown of aqua blue with the three rows of horizontal tiers around the full skirt, cutting into the torso with a low sweetheart neckline, a big tied bow at the waist, and a set of aqua gems around the naked throat of Starra.

So, I had tongue spat into her eyeball…naw…mouth spat down on the floor with a sneer, after I had swirled around, then stomped away on a pair of new matching sandals surrendering back to my home.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present within the second alien timeline, I continued to sit on top of the hard broken chair with a sour frown in front of the entrance door inside my house on Planet Commerce.
Geez! Where else would I be sitting, ya’ll?
Bartholomew had transformed the ever changing universe into his new vision of a democratic government, including the nobles, the commoners, Ivy, and Starra. He had ordered a set of new structures, including hospitals, schools, and shopping plazas that were to be built within each home world of a noble. He had ordered it to be paid by each treasury chest currs of the noble, too. Thus, every noble and every commoner was not happy and joyful.
Bartholomew had dictated that children belonged with their families. He had morphed planet Uni and Governor Jon into a post-institution academic learning center for seventeen years old citizens and older.
Jon was quiet upset and mad at Bartholomew. Count Dov argued that his native Ice had too many frozen obstacles and too dangerous for their native children and teens, living and dying in one place. Viscountess Rita jumped and joined the band wagon too for the protection of the native children and teens, since there were an assortment of dangerous chemicals and deadly robotic activity on the technological advanced world of Tech.
The Bio medical personnel and families did not want to leave their home planet for some new non-native homes. General Ivan had eliminated the privileged honor guard society within the Militia space stations, since Bartholomew had approved for all the families of the honor guard units to permanently move off the old tarnished artificial environment and live and thrive inside the real tree and grass planets.
Bartholomew had forced all the nobles to provide and pay for their own honor guard unit protection plus the nobles were required to provide new jobs, new houses, and new social environments, making the honor guards, teachers, and medical personnel the new natives of a new home world, since they would be fearful of a new home within a new neighbor. However, the commoners did not like changing the olden ways of life.
Bartholomew had successfully failed, getting anyone member of the Agri business partners to accept the relocation plan in which to spread and share the crop knowledge of planting, harvesting, and farming within the other noble planets. Food was a single basis element. Everyone needed food. Everyone consumed food. Everyone left Agri alone.
Bartholomew had granted pardons of 3,504 convicted criminals for good behavior, a reward for being a good character and a good convict, instead of spending an entire life mining the semi-precious stones of rubies, sapphires, emeralds, diamonds, and other rocks. Rann had agreed and advised very cautiously regarding each selected inmate who could acquire freedom while retaining the viler imprisoned prisoners based on good behavior or not. The new issue for Bartholomew was that a noble or a commoner will not allow a pardoned life-time convicted criminal entrance onto a door step or a bathroom toilet. Period!
Bartholomew was both applauded and cursed for his new royal programs.
I was worried hourly, minutely and secondly of his life as the new king within the old galaxy.
Change was both slow and hard. And change created both friends and foes on both sides of the Wall.


I mentally flashed past into the first alien timeline when the comlens and comfones were communications between nobles, used by nobles, and paid by nobles.


I mentally flashed present where Bartholomew had created a new sophisticated comlen system which broadcasts a range of updates about the new royal policies and televises on a daily basis.
The citizens must acquire freely both the expensive techo-devices comlens and comfones for their daily usage at their home, watching the kingly decrees of hourly royal policies along with Bartholomew’s face.
Tech World had been royally ordered to absorb the cost of equipment, angering Viscountess Rita. I sighed with trouble.


15th hour, late afternoon
Castle of Lady Starra
Living room setting in chair with my invisible friend


I looked up with a stern face to see the ceiling, noting the damage from the last home invasion of the team of three burglaries from the first alien timeline and turned and surveyed the walls. There was a tea set of green and purple ceramic teapot and two teacups, sitting prettily inside the corner wall.
I frowned with mystery. “A tea set, where in the universe did that come from?”
The door chime sounded with a bong, bong and bong.
“Now, what?” I executed a Tele jump from the floor and into the air with a giggle, turning with a Tele flight to the door and performed a Tele landing with a smile, reaching and touched the door knob. I slammed open the wooden door with a gasp.
Bartholomew stood inside the archway, holding a bouquet of pink carnations in a hand while two Gbots guarded his body on each side of the rib cage.
Bartholomew said without smiling. “Are you mad at me?” He extended the bouquet to Starra.
I blinked my eyelashes once, twice, and then thrice, reaching and accepted the precious flowers into my breasts with a smile. “Mad, about what?”
“Dinner?” Bartholomew said.
“Dinner?” I patted the soft petals of the flowers with a smile.
“We have a dinner date at five, tonight.” He nodded.
My eyeballs darted to the comlen on the far wall above the non-functioning fireplace and clearly viewed the numbers that were closer to six in evening rather than five. I swung my curls, rolling my eye balls around the floor and looked up with a frown. “I’m so sorry, BA. Time just slipped by me.” I slapped a hand to my dress, mentally feeling sorry for my person and my deeper twisted emotions, instead of prepping for our glamour dinner date.
“I see.” Bartholomew whined. He probably did since the front door porch was opened and the house was dirty.
I didn’t own a Sbot to do the housework, so I didn’t do any type of domestic chores, since I was an alien princess. I sighed with Earth royalty.
I smiled. “I meant to say that I wasn’t expecting you to travel to my castle. I was going to fly my air ship to your castle. We can eat here.” I motion with a hand into an empty living room toward the emptier dining room table without clean dishes or food. The dining room led to the mostest empty kitchen refrigerator, without any food too.
Bartholomew stepped into the room, reaching and grabbed her arms and pulled Starra to his lips, kissing her lips and pulled back with a smile. “I suggest…”
Each Gbot tossed a metal limb in front of Bartholomew, separating him from Starra and prevented him from advancing into her castle. The Gbot droned together in unison. “Your Highness, there is call from Baronetess Ivy.”
Bartholomew stood in front of the four metal limbs, plowing through the metal arms to Starra with a stern face and a new order. “Please tell Ivy later. I’m occupied for the moment.” He stopped and pulled Starra into his soft satin hunter green colored noble cape with a smile and a hug.
The two Gbot floated sideways from the open archway, following beside each rib cage of Bartholomew, saying in baritone unison. “Baronetess Ivy said very urgent that she needs your help immediately.”
Bartholomew shook a skull in silence, hugging on Starra with a smile.
I spat…naw…spoke into his face. “BA, you should talk with Ivy and solve the emergency. Please give her my sincere regards. We can have dinner another night,” exhaling with disappointment.
“I’m so sorry, Starra.” He snapped his finger with a nod. “I have an idea. We can meet for lunch tomorrow at noon time on Agri. We’ll not be disturbed there. We can go horseback riding to a little secret place, where Ivy can’t reach me. Is it a date, Starra?” He grinned with a nodding, leaning down and kissed her lips, her cheekbone, her chin, her neck, and dropping down to kiss her hand and pulls back with a wink and a smile. I sighed with marriage.
I smiled. “Yes.” Yeah, the man loved me. I was going to be queen of the universe in the second alien timeline and away for the afternoon without comfones, comlens, nobles, and Ivy.
Bartholomew spun around as his cape flew into her face.
I back stepped with a giggle and watched the twin Gbots flew sideways through the archway, beside each rib cage of Bartholomew and then latch into each rear door of the air limo. I sighed with happiness.
Alien Day 33


Planet Agri: green forests, red mountains, and blue ponds
Castle of King Bartholomew
Blue sky with white clouds and yellow sunshine
Warm temperatures and bright sunshine
8th hour, late morning


I had bounced out from my bedroom, down the stairs, through the floor, and into the patio door, wearing a cute pink skater skirt with a sleeveless blouse and my old pair of black and pink cowgirl boots without a weapon.
I was going to visit Bartholomew for lunch at his noble castle like in the first alien timeline.
I flew inside a rusty zipper that was perched like a dead bird on top of the landing pad on the second level of the old looking Bonita castle on planet Commerce, but it flew perfectly well off the planet, through outer space and to Food World. Then I steered the zipper down from outer space at an angle through the white fluffy clouds, landing on planet Agri inside the docking plot of burnt grass beside one of the ugliest sprawling piece of personal properties in the universe.
I reached and touched the door button. The zipper door opened with a loud cough, halting half-way from the bottom of the body frame and stuck in the air.
I rolled my eyeballs with a grunt and leaned a torso over to the passenger seat, rearing back an elbow and a shoulder, performing a Tele shove with my telekinesis at the stupid door and hit the metal as my elbow lightly stung and my brain cells softly rattled for a few seconds.
The door vibrated in soft tings, slowly shuffling upward with metal pain and settled inside the slot with a bigger opening for exiting the zipper ship.
I scooted from the torn and slightly repaired leather seat and stood on top of the burnt grass with a smile in my cowgirl boots with a giggle, scanning the flora and green bushy landscape for Bartholomew.
He was not present to greet a guest.
I swung around and rushed to green colored wooden front door, touching the door knob and twisted with a set of curled lips too for fun, moving into the foyer of the manor and stopped, standing in front of the housekeeper and the archway of the living room.
The rude and unkind housekeeper snarled at Starra. “How did you get here, miss?”


I mentally back flashed past, when old Agri housekeeper Maria had remembered my name and loved my person with sweetness and kindness.


Then mentally I flashed back into the present, where Maria did not know my noblette status or beautiful name or cute freckles.
I smiled with a reminder of sweetness. “Starra, I am Starra. I am meeting Bartholomew…”
“…for lunch….” She performed a mouth spat over a pair of curled up lips with a sneer at Starra, still not introducing her person to the first lady of Bonita.
I clapped with a fake a smile and a nod. “O goody, Bartholomew mentioned our picnic to his secret hiding place.” I sighed with impression.
The housekeeper sneered. “His secret place in the mountains?”


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when Bartholomew had showed off his secret mountain spot for our first romantic evening in the woods.


Then I mentally flashed present realizing that no single citizen recalled me and my visitation to the planets of Bonita, Commerce, or Agri.
I nodded with a smile. “Yes, his secret place in the mountains, Bartholomew is coming here from lunch with me. So I will see to getting both of the horses settled for our ride. Thanks for your kindness!” I scooted around the housekeeper with a giggle and a grin, dashing through the archway of the living room and the kitchen, exiting out the door frame, leaving the interior of the castle.


9th hour, late morning
Barn stalls of Agri
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine


I slowly strolled through the beautiful colorful nice smelly gardens, consisting of rainbow flowers, manicured grass, short green bushy plants, and tall over story ancient brown trees with green leaves that made me homesick for my own plantation on planet Earth, tapping on top of each limestone stone to a row of the barn stalls, where the favored twin Appalachian horses Boe and Doe lived.


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when Bartholomew had brought an engagement ring, presenting it to Starra for marriage as a caring boyfriend gentleman.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present, he was a very busy man, I mean king. He was very busy king, ruler of entire universe.
I strolled over a field of fresh cut green hay that made me homesick for my own plantation on planet Earth too and moved in front of the different horse stalls and stopped, standing in front of the white horse and produced a single apple in a right palm.
Boe leaned over and grabbed with front teeth and a thick tongue, fling it into an open mouth, chewing as the apple juices landed on my hand and the hay floor. Then I lifted and opened a left palm, showing another stolen single apple from sprawling apple tree during my walk from the house.
I was a Tele, not a magician.
Doe leaned over from the horse stall and grabbed the apple, chewing and nodding with approval to Starra.
I stood in front of the two horses that were not saddled with annoyance, since someone was detaining Bartholomew on purpose. I nominated the biological sister as my second nosy spy. I sighed with toil.
But I received an award for the best snooping action by tracing back the missing hospital sickness patients, who carried an unusually mysterious disease which had been documented recorded inside their medical treatment files that had causes an untimely death.
Ten patients had been reported with a rare blood disease, without a known medical term. The mysterious blood disease carried the familiar symptoms, such as, a fever, a coma and then a death.
I quickly re-labeled the missing medical term as the Sickness, since these missing hospital patients were the real missing Sickness patients.


Seven days ago, Lord Dirk of Planet Bonita had chatted with Queen Rita from Planet Commerce inside the empty hallway at the royal castle, inquiring about five Sickness patients. Four of the Sickness patients had come from Planet Resort.
So I had raced my zipper and landed on Planet Resort, chatting while performing a Tele mind-probing on noble Marquis Roy. He stated his medical concerns and social sympathy for the mysterious sudden deaths of the citizens.
The Resort medical facility had observed, treated with drugs, and then watched each patient die two days later with a dangerous unknown blood disease.
No family members had been allowed to visit an ill patient, unless they had been properly clothed and supervised from the mysterious disease. When the patients had died, they had been cremated by the Tech World honor guard unit, not the Resort honor guard unit, so the family members and the hospital medical personnel would not catch the rare dangerous and deadly blood disease.


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when Prince Rann from Planet Sahara with the aid of Queen Rita of Commerce and Lord Dirk of Bonita had trained a group of recovered Sickness patients as a set of fighting Tele warriors that fought against King Rex’s evil regime and Baron Bartholomew’s good citizens.
I had found and copied all the falsified medical records of the Sickness patients that could prove my snooping case by nosing around the Uni Hospital without proper authorization from Roy, of course.

Since I would get my buttonhole into great, big trouble along with a new pretty neck ornament that, not being kissed by boyfriend, Bartholomew.

I must be very cautious, indeed. Ivy did not care for Starra and the future upcoming marriage plans with her brother Bartholomew which would lead into a queen-ship hopefully of the universe. 

I sighed with marriage.


I mentally flashed present, inside the forest of Agri on the10th hour, mid-day without lunch meal, I leaned over and patted the soft black mane and forehead of Doe, turning a sad face to see the red dirt without Bartholomew and stable boy Gus, only the horses, the horse flies, the trees, and the bushes. I sighed with disappointment.
Boe leaned over and rubbed a forehead over the arm of Starra with a neigh. I turned and rubbed his forehead with a smile and a nod. “I have you and Doe, didn’t I, twins?” The horses stomped a set of hoofs, neighed loudly, and nodded with a pair of hairy skulls.
I lifted an arm, wiggling the fingers in the air waves, performing a Tele touch and a Tele grab on two saddles, executing a Tele lift and a Tele push toward out the barn stalls. The two saddles and matching soft blankets hovered in the air. I dropped two hands since my metaphysical ones were occupied and then slammed the handle on each stall door.
Two doors swung open.
I swung around, moving side to side out the barn stall and stopped in the middle of dropped hay ground, standing between the two hovering saddles. Boe and Doe pranced side to side, bumping into each other, having a good time and stopped, standing between Starra and underneath the saddles. They wanted to ride also.
I lifted my arms as the saddles and the blankets soared higher into the skyline. I did not mean to do that with my awesome Tele powers but the Tele wind flowed with my hand movements. I wiggled my fingers as the two saddles gently lowered down toward the back spines of Boe and Doe. The horses slightly wobbled in anticipation of running through the flowers as each saddle landed on a back spine. I stood between the two horses, not using a Tele view at the manor, since Bartholomew was not there.
He could come to the secret spot by ship or by another horse.
I turned a sad face to see the barn, where a lone of stalls contained numerous breeds of riding and working horses. Boe and Doe knew my sense, since they remembered me from the first alien timeline for some strange reason.
So I had verified that I was not dreaming and did visit here before.
Boe and Doe are twins from the same zygote and always rode together as sister and brother. I could not separate them. I rode in the saddle on Bo to the secret place inside the mountain side. Bartholomew could ride one of the bigger steeds to the same place and then we could ride the same horse together like a fun couple after I become engaged to him for a second time inside the second alien timeline.
I turned with a stern face, seeing the castle without Bartholomew, swinging to the side and mounted Doe.
Then we, three slowly stroll down a familiar pathway of hay, dirt, wildflowers, and dead leaves toward the secret place on the mountain side. Then Bartholomew will come with a basket of food for supper, before I starved to death.
On the 11th hour, early afternoon, Boe led down the familiar grassy pathway, stopping in front of the flat grass, dropping down a skull and ate the tender grasslets. Doe halted next to her brother, dropping and eating the grasslets too.
I slid off Doe, wiggling a pair of hands, executing a Tele grab, a Tele lift, and a Tele pull from the gear of the horses, making the prefect picnic spot for me and Bartholomew to lunch, this afternoon.
The blanked unfolded and spread fully in the air, gently dropping down and rested over the top of the short soft grass. The picnic basket hung in the air as the lid of picnic cracked opened. Then each food item lifted and gently dropped down over the blanket in corner, readying for a delicious hot meal. So we could have some fun on the blanket later, too.
Boe and Doe continued to nibble on the baby grasslets in peace.
I stood in place, scanning with a mental foto of beauty, serenity, and calmness of the crooked sparkling brook of fresh water underneath a set of twin overhanging green colored leafy trees. The trees shaded over an elegantly crafted wood table for two people, only.
I exhaled with a puff of loneliness, marching to the blanket, kneecapping and scanned the forest scene, hearing musical sounds.
The birds tweeted. The crickets clicked. The pond frogs crocked. The butterflies fluttered in the air. The dang bee veered toward the right eyeball of Starra. My hand lifted and held, wiggling a pinky finger, slamming a Tele shove of telekinesis into its two off-centered black eyes.
The dang bee halted in the air for a split second, turning and buzzed away from the eyesight of Starra.
I exhaled with a puff of boredom of the beauty, gently falling over the blanket on a back spine, viewing the bright yellow sun and yawned with more boredom. “He will come, later.” I whispered with hope, closing my eyelashes and opened them, staring at the fluffy cloud formation. I could see an assortment of funny geometric pictures of faces, then clowns, then sheep and then closed my eyelashes, falling asleep in the warm sunshine. I sighed with peace.
On the 12th hour in early afternoon within cool temperatures with a light wind breeze and numerous beams of bright sunshine, I heard the ear piercing loud screams, seeing an array of red and yellow fires, smelling.
I opened my eyelashes, sitting upright on both elbows fear and fright, scanning the tall swaying trees, low green plant bushes, the baby blue sky, the running creek water, and the two horses on the grass.
Everything was fine.
The secret place within the mountain valley on planet Agri was green and alive, not red and burnt.
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance then gasped. My mental mind suddenly recognized a major bad nightmare as I felt, saw and tasted the mental image. I inhaled and sucked the mouth drool back onto the tongue. I sighed with relief.
I did not see a sign smoke or signal of boyfriend Bartholomew, making an executive decision to leave the placid forest of Agri.
I stood and moved to the edge of the running creek water, wiggling my hands, performing a Tele lift, a Tele fold, and a Tele store with the uneaten food items inside the picnic basket.
I didn’t want the wildlife animals to enjoy the people food. You should never feed people food to animals, since it will interfere with the law of nature.
I packed up the food basket and the blanket and used a Tele shove over the back spine of Boe, securing the ropes with a Tele tie.
The horses still wore the saddles.
I moved and jerked the hand of Doe from the grass. I didn’t like mounting a horse with the head down and the tail in the air, where the horse could start bucking its lower body into the air with a pair of hind legs for its fun and my misery. I steered doe from the yummy grass as she stood in parade formation for her mistress. I lifted a foot, tossing the other leg, settling the saddle, gathering the leading reins, slowly kicking her belly and moved back toward the castle over the worn forest path of leaves.
Boe, Doe and I slowly moved up the hill, down the valley, and back into the barn stalls. I was a good farmer and removed the saddle gear, washing the horses of sweat and bugs with my Tele powers. They had fun getting wet with water and dancing wildly over the wet hay ground. I escorted each horse back into the barn stall with a cup of yummy sweet oats as a good reward and turned, moving across the gardens of Agri, not seeing Bartholomew or the stable personnel.
I growled with a whisper for my eardrums only. “Someone is keeping him occupied and away from me.”
On the 13th hour (mid-afternoon), the kitchen door opened. Inside the castle, I moved my fanny through an empty kitchen without Housekeeper Marie, pacing through more empty rooms of citizens and slammed the front door open.
The door closed.
I paced to the zipper. The zipper hatch was open which was convenient for an escape from planet Agri.
I slid into the pilot seat, extending both hands and touched the door and the guiding stick, executing a Tele slam on the door and a Tele lift on the zipper with my telekinesis which was not easy, ya’ll.
The zipper lifted in silence from the dirt, over the rooftop, the tall trees, through the white clouds, and into the stars that shined like tiny yellow diamonds.
I pressed some buttons. The two afterburners ignited with a roar of power and a light of energy. The zipper flew ahead toward the Wall for my home on planet Commerce.


Planet Commerce
Stadium building
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine and clear sky
14th hour, early afternoon.


The cruise control on the zipper did the flying like a good machine.
I pondered visiting a busy and inaccessible Bartholomew during his royal working hours. Ivy occupied his professional private time with her annoying modifications to “her” universe. Therefore, I would change my attitude and not be passive with the royal decrees. Then I would visit and work with Bartholomew inside the castle too. Yeah, wo-man, I would announce my new role to him tomorrow…naw…now. I sighed with purpose.
I reached and pressed the button, cutting off the engines, executing a Tele capture and a Tele fly throughout outer space with telekinesis back house. I stopped counting at eighty-three damaged star ships that dangerously were adrift within the outer space limits of planet Commerce, since Bartholomew had forced all the nobles to open an assortment of new merchandise markets on each individual noble world, shutting down all the common vendor booths on Commerce.
The space traffic had quadrupled in volume. More star ships, more freight ships, more passenger ships, and more cargo ships whacked like a bunch of space balls back and forth with each other and the space Wall.
Good idea for business, bad for space accidents!
All the numerous busted parts became outer space junk that blocked and jammed up the usually smooth transportation lanes of traveling zippers, carriers, and cargos, creating great big mess and hours of delay time of space travel along with the high probability of space accidents too.
The comfone squeaked, bombarding both the eardrums of vocal activity, including the annoyingly emergency calls, triple crossed space line transmissions, and constant intergalactic chit-chat with your grandma. I sighed with impatience.
I decided to voyage the dark side of Commerce, making swifter time with the swifter light speed engines, flying to my noblette castle. I executed a Tele zoom around the radius of Commerce. The abandoned warehouse was in sight which was located three miles south of my castle.


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when Prince Rann had rescued the first set of Sickness patients, after I had stolen all of them plus the freaking metal cots, using my four awesome Tele powers from the renovated hospital, thronging the planned cold-blooded execution of eighty innocent citizens by evil King Rex.


Then I mentally flashed back present with a laugh of the good old times inside the first alien timeline, flying down from the white clouds and halted, hovering the zipper slightly above the repaired and damaged patio that served as a docking platform on the second floor of the castle.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
My eyeballs narrowed and executed a Tele view in the far, far distance down at the end of the cobblestone street, viewing a series of numerous high plumes of colorful streams of burning black, brown, yellow, and white smoke signals that were bellowing from the stadium building. Then my eyeballs witnessed a set of four big bright glossy silver ram ships that hovered over each end of the stadium building.
I reached and slammed the button, activating the mechanic gears, jerking the gliding joystick of the zipper toward the stadium building in stick my nose up something smelly with a sneer. I accelerated into a pacing speed toward the enemy, seeing the active commotion down on the cobblestone street.
Citizen were running and holding packages and children, coming out from the stadium building and holler for help. I sighed with duty.
On the 15th hour (mid-day), in front of the game stadium building within the cool temperatures and bright sunshine, inside my zipper ship, I performed a Tele target on the closet ram ship with a sneer and a sour frown. “I’m going to blast you out of the clear blue sky.” My tiny zipper carried two passengers and one piece of luggage which was not any match for a massive huge heavily armed ram ship, much less four of them. I yelled with frustration, “Weapons, where are the weapons here inside the zipper?” My eyeballs darted around the console and landed on the red button and as I laughed with victory. “Found it.” I reached and smashed the red button.
A series of shooting sprays of maser fire launched and spread a tiny heap of thick streams of semi-crooked red waves, hitting directly into the side of the big warship, burning like a tiny tea leaf hole into the silver metal like a ladybug bite.
I steered the zipper over the silver tinted elongated side of the warship, firing streaks of red masers wave as the wave barely burned the thick metal of the ram ship, hitting air space and dived the zipper down the other side of the warship for a second round of target play with the red maser beams. I blasted a series of red beams into the side, not creating a lot of physical damage as an irritating little insect for a while thou.
Then the four ram ships lifted and jumped high into skyline and far away from Starra vanishing awesomely into the air waves.
My zipper and I rocked violently side to side with air seasickness from that powerful sonic boom inside a webbing seat. I sighed with respect.
I performed a Tele sight, seeing six out of twelve tiered bleachers had stressed and fallen down over the ground from the numerous heavy blasting rounds of maser power from each ram ship.
I gasped with fright as my Tele powers grabbed and saw that the big chunks of concrete had fallen down and collapsed over a multitude of men, women, teens, kids, and babies and as my Tele powers indicated that five hundred thousand citizens were killed and five hundred thousand citizens were maimed and injured through the stadium building. The death toll had reduced the citizen population down to one million citizens plus one alien, living within unknown universe. I sighed with sorrow.
I flew around the crowded air sky and turned, diving the zipper ship down toward the landscape, settling on top of a patch of green grass, killing the engines and performed a Tele slam with an elbow into the hatchway door without bothering with the mechanic button.
The door creaked open into the slot with metal pain.
I leaped from the seat and turned, performing a Tele dash toward the messy debris of the stadium building, consisting of broken cement slabs that blocked each gate and stopped, standing with both arms in the air. I executed a Tele shove with telekinesis, waving both the arms side to side, flinging the Tele wind at the mess of chunks with a tiny crack of a crooked semi-vertical seam into the blocked wall.
I back stepped into the yellow tinted cobblestone street, waving both of my naked arms in the air and executed a Tele tap into some non-panicked brain cells with my Tele powers, signaling a rescue crew and pointed at my newly created entrance into the stadium. I turned and dashed, following the smell of death, consisting of millions of body parts.
I stopped at the largest pile of solid and crunched boulders that was painted with red blood, squatting and dug using a set of bare finger, hands, elbows, arms, feet, and knees down into the soft dust, hard rock, and sharp metal fragments, seeking any whole body survivor of this terrible tragic. I sighed with sorrow.
I dug, dug, and dug for hours, assisting the rescue teams, unveiling bodies with too many body parts of men, women, teens, kids, babies, players, coaches, and some nobles.
Ivan had secured the stadium ground with rows of physical ropes for the more dangerous sections of the Stadium and posted a team of Militia soldiers that usually policed around the entire parameter while guarding both the victims and survivors. I sigh with exhaustion.
A new pain invaded my left arm by someone as my tired body hit down over a hard coated examination table inside one of tented mobile medical unit, resting over a dirty bed, feeling pain in the skull, both arms, both hands, both legs, the back spine, both kneecaps, both feet, and numerous other miscellaneous body parts. I closed my eyelashes then opened my eyelashes and as my body throbbed everywhere. I sighed with pain.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Heal.
“Starra!” A warm body stood and squatted near her eardrum with a loud baritone. “Starra!”
I opened my eyelashes and as my tired eyeballs cut to see a charmingly smile with a perfect set of white teeth which was all connected to Bartholomew.
Bartholomew reached and grabbed, firmly holding the left bloody hand of Starra, leaning down and whispering into the left eardrum of Starra.
I wheezed in pain from his strong touch without words as the pain ached, coming from a left finger pads, going all the way down to a left pinky toe in red and pink skin cuts from digging into the sharp metal fragments and jiggered rock debris, searching for citizens.
My turtleneck was ripped, starting at the left side of the shoulder, moving down to the wrist. Both my exposed legs were prettily painted with a series of pink cuts, blue bruises, and red blood. My nerve endings danced the polka over the spinal cord of an awesomely intense tracing pain.
Bartholomew shuffled the bloody left hand of Starra into a chest, creating more pain plus his loving care of his girl with a sad face. Starra grunted. He frowned. “Sorry.”
“Ok.” I faked a smile with a grunt.
“Med tech, come over here immediately!” Bartholomew shouted into the left eardrum of Starra with a worried brow.
I turned and shifted the deaf ear to the side, whimpering in pain and whispered. “No.” I inhaled with a puff of more pain. Bartholomew leaned down into her face with a worried brow. I whispered into his face. “Other people need medical treatment.” I was thankful for undivided attention from Bartholomew which was about time finally as I waited my turn long enough for some girlfriend attention.
However, there were lots of other citizens, who bleed and ached worse than Starra.
“Now, Med Tech.” Bartholomew rudely shouts.
The med tech turned and strolled to Starra, scanning with a pair of medical eyeballs and stopped, standing and squirted a plop of yellow smelly ointment on each one of her exposed red and raw body parts. He lifted both a pair of yellow stained hands and reached, grabbing and wrapped a set of thick white bandages around both red and raw hands, arms, legs, elbows, knees, and finally some of her silver tinted hair roots on the skull of Starra, pivoting from the dirty cot to attend the next victim next to Starra.
Bartholomew turned with a sour frown and yelled at the back spine of the med tech. “Med Tech, do more for Lady Starra?”
The med tech moved and stopped, standing in place, working with a set of bandages and the tube of yellow ointment on the next bloody and broken body of the battered citizen with a stern face. “Your Highness, Lady Starra has suffered a series of small superficial cuts and bruises. They’ll heal very fast with proper rest and plenty of food and water. I suggest you take her home, sir.”
“I see.” Bartholomew turned with a whisper and a sad face to see Starra.
I exhaled with a whisper of pain, closing and opening my eyelashes. “He, correct. Go home, rest.” I shuffled up right on both elbows with a sneer, a head of dizziness, and mouth spit.
Bartholomew reached and grabbed both her shoulders with a soft timber and a worried brow. “Careful, Starra, let me help you to stand.” He leaned over and scooted his hands underneath her shoulders and her legs cradling Starra into a chest, slowly turning and toted her to his personal ground airship.
Pbot opened the door.
Bartholomew stopped and leaned down, sliding Starra in an upright pose over the cool bench seating with a smile. “I’m taking you back to the Bonita castle, Starra.” He back stepped and ran around the rear bumper, sliding into the other side of the long bench, bouncing up and down.
My inners swished, jolted, and jerked with pain from his body action over the seat.
He scooted and hugged Starra with a smile and a nod since he was the only gentleman in unknown universe.
I rested a skull over his shoulder with a sissy whisper.
Bartholomew leaned down and kisses the crown of her skull. I sighed with love.
Alien Day 34


Castle of Lady Starra
Dark blue sky, black clouds, rain and thunder
5th hour, early morning


Bartholomew had dropped Starra at the front door in pain and loneliness again, driving back to his royal castle.
I shoved opened the unlocked front door and entered, slowly moving across a dirty floor, up the staircases, over the long hallway, and through the open archway. Thank goodness I didn’t lock the front door or my private room.
I slowly dropped my dirty boots to the messy bed covers, falling over the soft linens with a sweet smile of softness, closing my eyelashes into a Tele healing trance for the morning.
The loud noise echoed through the hours.
I stirred awake with fury and as my eyelashes popped open with a sight of numerous blurry visions of the ceiling tile, ignoring a heap of crunchy sleep crumbs that had encrusted around both the eye sockets during my sweet slumber. I ordered a sub-conscious mind back into sleep.
My Tele senses pinged of freaking course. Everything ain’t fine.
I saw, felt, heard, and tasted a violent thunderstorm of heavy white rain drops, pretty bolts of yellow lighting, and ear-piercing loud thunder with the sounds of boom, crack and pop that hovered directly over my noblette castle, of course.


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when a band of invading burglars had attacked my body inside my castle during a heavy thunderstorm.


Then I mentally flashed back into present, where the thunder boomed within my eardrums and then a series of individual yellow colored lightning bolts brightened within my eyelashes during nighttime slumber. I softly moaned with sleep. “Repeat.”
I rolled out from underneath the warm bed covers and fell down over the floor, lifting a body before it hit the cold floor, plotting to call Bartholomew for aid that would be too late.
The new band of invaders was at the front door, in front of the long side window, and inside the weedy gardens.
I dressed quickly…naw…quickly stood in a dirty outfit, including a ripped and torn bloody covered turtleneck, a torn and dirty grass stained dirty skirt, and the pair of dirty black leather that was tinted with a tip of pink toed cowgirl boots.
My Tele ears could hear numerous footfalls, coming up the foot stairs.
I turned and slowly limped in pain to the open bedroom door frame, extending both a pair of bandaged and bloody hands, hitting the edge of the wooden door with a gasp of pain, slammed it shut with a hiss of worry. I executed a Tele shield very poorly around the closed wooden door and my upright and beaten body. I sighed with exhaustion.
The door wood sounded with lots of loud bangs that invaded my ears and annoyingly ached within my head.
An invisible stranger was hitting a great big fat metal club on the poor wooden desk as all my four awesome Tele powers meekly and weakly did not work. When my body was beaten or tired or stress, my Tele powers liked to disappear from my mental mind like now.
The door sounded with more loud booms and bangs. Then a single two inched by four inched jagged piece of crooked metal beautifully stabbed through the precious wooden door and broke off, falling down and landed on top of the semi-clean carpet.
I nosily gasped in shock.
A pair of white eyeballs inside a black hood stared at Starra.
I screamed with the scary daydream, really loud and ugly and long, “Ah!”
The door sounded with many louder booms and bangs. Then a set of two separated three inched by four inched piece of crooked metal stabbed through the door. The door split and broke in half, falling down and landed on each side of the wall, welcoming inside the room a set of unwelcomed masked visitors into the noblette castle.
I back step quickly and hit the soft edge of the bed mattress with fear and fright plus dizzy and non- dazzle. I sighed with dread-ness.
They swiftly charged at Starra, holding a club above the black hood in the air.
I fell backward and perfectly fainted on the bed and hit the semi-clean carpet, dropping into darkness.


Planet Bio
Orange tinted temple building
New property rental for Dirk and Rita
Hot temperatures with party clouds
12th hour, early afternoon.


“Uh, bright lights!” I groaned.
They really didn’t do this to me. I inhaled a set of stale oxygen into a pair of tight lungs, opening my eyelashes. A dull faded orange paint looked awful on the ceiling of an unfamiliar building. I slowly turned from the ceiling to see the side wall. A dull faded orange paint looked really awful on the side wall that held a row of four cute males with brown hair, not orange. They cute four males stood in front of a wide open archway with a stern face and a maser rifle. The cute males were not part of the ugly decoration inside the cold room square archway.
I sat upright on a pair of healed elbows, examining my pretty but dirty cowgirl boots, covering my un-harmed naked toes and performed a Tele scan of telemetabolics on a set of the bloody and dirty covered bandages that covered my numerous body parts, such as, both kneecaps, the chest, both arms, and both hands. I exhaled with a puff of happy, healthy, wise, and wealthy feel good, great Tele powers. I sighed with awesomeness.
“About time, sleeping noblette,” Dirk stood in front of small cot, staring down at Starra beside air-borne silver tinted Sbot.
I turned and executed a Tele leap into the air with a normal lady sneer as all the bandaged loosened and flew off, fluttering in the air waves for a few seconds, gently dropping over the semi-clean floor. I landed back down gracefully on a pair of boot toes, stomping forward on a pair of boot heels with another lady sneer to a set of newly shiny vertical bars that represented a tiny prison cell which was protecting Dirk from me.
I connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Dirk: Beware of the sneering female dog, man!
Dirk grinned in silence at the nose bridge of Starra, who had completed healed from her entanglement with the broken concrete at the stadium building, the day before.
Rita entered the new room with a grin and strolled between the four cute males from the entrance archway in an orange colored one-piece jumpsuit, annoying all the eardrums and the eyeballs. “You mean, sleeping uglyette, don’t you, sweetie?” She stopped, standing and leaned over and wrapped both arms around Dirk. He leaned over and lightly kisses her orange colored powder on the cheekbone.
I gagged with a set of vile bile, holding back the puke green vomit from a tight esophagus, staring at the bad guys of the universe, Rita and Dirk. Bartholomew and Rann were good guys of the universe. And I was the cooked goose who was trapped behind the enemy walls. I sighed with intrigue.
My boyfriend Bartholomew was too busy playing king of universe. And my best friend Rann was too busy helping King Bartholomew and pseudo Queen Ivy, who was my other new nemesis playing against me also. I sighed with frustration.
A new sour puss guard in a matching orange colored one-piece jumpsuit entered and stood inside the archway, seeing the twin back spines of Rita and Dirk. “Emperor Dirk, I need your attention for a moment with an urgent matter.”
I lifted and slapped my exterior skin of the ear with a sour frown, hearing the guard incorrectly slur the proper noble title of Dirk, emperor.
Dirk spun around, marching with the guard, exiting the temple.
I quickly plotted a plan to gather more secret information, getting out of here, and then report my finale findings to Bartholomew and Rann, the good guys of the universe, frowning at Rita. “You and Dirk sent the fleet of ram ships to destroy Commerce?”
“Yes.” Rita smiled.
I frowned. “May I ask why?” I really wanted to know her mental state of mind here.
“A warning to the new king of the universe.” Rita smiled.
That was a piece of lousy and useless intelligence gathering information. I rolled my eyeballs beautifully and stared at her pretty face with a stern face. “Geez, no brownie points for originality, Rita. Do you not know that citizens of the universe love Bartholomew, except for you, two monkeys?”
Rita frowned. “What is a monkey?”
I exhaled and lifted both palms with a smirk. “O please, let me guess, here. You want to rule the galaxy which is always the ultimate solution for any evil being.”
She frowned. “He has enemies. Enemies that can harm, hurt, and destroy him.”
I smiled. “Dirk has hair lice too that can harm, hurt, and destroy your hair roots.” She performed a mouth spit of salvia in the air with wicked laughter, slapping both hands over her smiling lips. I smiled. O! Please, let us further note. Bartholomew has allies. Allies that can harm, hurt, and destroy you too.”
She recovered lovely from the giggling session, crossing the arms over the new fugly ugly jumpsuit, staring at the nose bridge of Starra with a huff. “Are you going to destroy me, sleeping uglyette?”
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, guessing that Dirk had forgotten to tattle about my secret Tele powers to any other citizen, including Rita.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I performed a T-flare with Telekinesis, waving a right hand in the air, popping one at a time a set of six rusty bolts from the nuts. I allowed the squeaky prison door to slam down onto tile as it broke the concrete with a crashing clank. I performed a Tele lift and a Tele hold from the floor and into the air, flying over the broken prison jail door, over the pretty tile, and executed a Tele drop, landing on a pair of boot toes. I stood three inches from the spit and polished brown knee boots of Rita. I said with a lady growl. “Yeah, I will destroy you.”
Rita back jumped from Starra with a worried brow and a hand wave. “Fire at her, you, stupid fools!” The four sour puss guards reached and grabbed a maser from the utility belt, lifting and blasted a series of blue rays that were a set of stunner beams at Starra.
I built a Tele shield…naw…quickly did nothing. I could not deflect a single or a series of blue colored stunner waves. My body was absorbing all numerous numbing energy beams and as, I dropped down over the floor on my kneecaps, slowly falling over and tapping on an elbow over the smooth floor in numbness, but I could see the comedy relief coming through archway.
“Stop!” Dirk stopped and stood behind Rita with a stern face, staring down at Starra with some care.
Rita gracefully pirouetted with a smile, slamming into his chest with a giggle and back stepped to see his stern face, saying in sweet alto with a set of pouted lips. “I’m just having some fun, sweetie. No harm done!”
Dirks performed a Tele scan with telepathy, probing on Starra.
I executed a Tele whomp right back against his mind shield.
I connected, linked, and Tele talked to Dirk: I ain’t hurt, buddy.
I sat upright on fours of my palms and my kneecaps, violently coughing away the numbness within a mind and a body, shaking the dizziness from my dazzled neurons.
Dirk swung a fake smile to see the nose profile of Rita with the cute pet name. “Sweetie, could you assist with the children for me?”
Rita exhaled with a fake smile. “The children, I can do that for you, sweetie.” She leaned over and kissed his lips, scooting around Dirk, moving through the archway and left the temple.
I coughed for drama, standing and shook my curl, marching directly into his chest with a lady sneer. “Want something, Dirk?”
“Want you dead, Starra.” He smiled. “But I will settle for you being the ‘guest of honor’ at my party now,” he snapped the fingers with a sneer.
The four cute males advanced and surrounded each side of Starra with a growl.
“Got jealous of Rita having all the fun with me in here?” I winked with a giggle.
He sneered. “Your fun is about to begin, Starra, which I will enjoy watching until your ending. Escort Lady Starra to her honored position within our set of new game activities for the morning.”
A set of four warm hands and twenty fingers roughly grabbed each bicep of Starra.
I voluntarily obeyed, since I was dying of curiosity to learn the evil plan of the bad guys Dirk and Rita, who wanted to take over and rule the galaxy like a pair of outer space villains. I turned and winked to each cute male with a giggle, “Please be gentle, this is my first time as a guest of honor.”
They jerked Starra forward, moving through the wide archway, down a hundred…naw…forty-six red colored vine-covered steps. Yeah, she counted. They landed Starra onto a pretty lush manicured short green grass.
I swung around my curls to the side, seeing between the cute faces.
The structure was shaped like an ancient ritual temple triangle like in mathematics.
I quickly stroll by Rita, more guards, lots of orange bleachers, three fruit juice stands with a smile. “Can I have a fruit beverage?”
The set of cute guards grunted and ignored her request.
I swiftly strutted by more guards, lots more orange bleachers, and a single bathroom stall that were decorated with the cute symbol of a girl with a grunt. “Can I go to the girly bathroom, please?”
They didn’t stop marching.
I turned to the side, viewing way too much nicely green colored manicured grass from the bottom of the temple step toward the end of my morning stroll. I sighed with curiosity.
The cute four guards marched in a half-circle with Starra and faced the temple and the yards of grass.
I stood in place, beautifully staring at the triangle-shaped orange temple which was about 3,000 feet away and perpendicular to the nosily grandstands on the left. There was a sixty-foot-high limestone wall on the right that towered about 1,000 feet in length from right cowgirl boot.
I performed a Tele view of clairvoyance, using my Tele eyeballs to scan over the tall wall. I saw, felt, tasted, and heard a grove of thick overgrown tall trees, rows of numerous low green and brow short plants, batches of tall brown bushy bushes, fields of assorted colorful wild flowers, individual flying insects, chirping birds, jumping squirrels, running rabbits, hunting foxes, and the release of four sweaty hands. I turned and yelled into the back spine of the two cute guards with a giggle. “Where’s my chair, man?”
A golden plated gong bonged really loud, echoing throughout the naked air waves as the single note of baritone invaded all the eardrums.
Rita slowly rose inside a big ugly orange hover chair in the spiffy orange jumpsuit, lifting both arms into a V-pattern and stopped in mid-air and as her mouth leaned into a floating black comfone (speaker). Her beauty bleed over the solo comlen that was located on the opposite end of Starra and as she softly said into the comfone. “First unit, present your warriors for the test.”
A set of tiny shadows emerged from an underground set of natural caves that were colored in tan hues, strolling and stumbling across the grass pathway in a semi-crooked line of giggles and laughter.
I turned and followed the semi-crooked line, closing and opened my eyelashes, double-checking my Tele sight. Yeah, I verified a row of little children, wearing Rita’s duplicate ugly jumpsuit in mini-size with mini-years of ages of five to seven years old. Each child toted a misshaped assortment of hard rocks in both cupped hands. I sighed with kitty-cat curiosity.
I scanned and found Dirk, executing a Tele probe on his open mind, hearing the echo inside my mental mind: Victory, accomplishment, glory.
Her voice echoed from the comfone throughout the grass field. “The Object on the opposite side of the grass is your target, baby warriors.”
I swing my curls over a collar bone to see a high wall of tan hues also, returning my angry and my eyesight to Rita.
The gong bonged for a second time. The baby warriors reached and arched a pair of short plump arms with a set of small hard rocks in each cupped hand. The gong bonged for a third time. The baby warriors tossed way too short through the air waves and hit the side of bleachers, the soft grass, and the stupid bodyguards of Starra.
I laughed with a hardy tone.
The gong bonged for a tetrice time (four times). The baby warriors turned and marched in a semi-crooked line, stumbling off the grassy field, moving and hid inside the underground cavern.
The gong bonged for the pentice (fifth time). A new set of kid-warriors in an orange jumpsuit, marched with a musical whistle in a straight line onto the grassy field, holding a set of short sharp darts each cupped hand, who were nine to twelve years of age.
I whined with a sour frown. “This is going to take them and me all day long.”
The gong bonged for a sextice time (six times). The kid-warriors turned and arched both arms behind a skull with a new weapon. The gong bonged for a septice time (seventh time). They fired the new weapon into the air waves.
I lifted both arms, showing the palms, executing a Tele stop and a Tele hold with telekinesis and halted all the darts midair. I shifted both arms to the side. The array of pointy darts smashed into the side stone wall, more grass, some tall wooded trees, and more of the stupid bodyguards. I laughed with amusement.
The gong bonged for an octice time (eighth time). A line of kid warriors turned and exited the grassy field, moving inside the cavern also.
A row of teen warriors marched with a musical hum over the pretty grass. The gong bonged for the nonice time (ninth time). The teen warriors lifted and arched both arms, wildly pitching a set of long sharp spears.
I executed a Tele shield around my body and my zone of lush grass, standing in place. The Tele shield works the best in slow motion or no motion. Each long spear hit the grass or the shielding or the rear stone wall or and the side stone wall, diverting the deadly instruments of death and destruction away from Starra.
Then the gong bonged for the dexice time (tenth time). The teen warriors turned and marched with a hum toward the underground cavern.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I performed a Tele view on each hidden weapons inside a flesh palm from an older Tele warrior who was sitting uncomfortably on top of the hard stone bleachers as each Tele warrior was impatiently waiting a turn to cream puff Starra.
I whispered for my eardrums only. “Ain’t happening, ya’ll.” While I stood in glowing whitish light, sorta from the thickly Tele shield, I executed a Tele jerk of each weapon and a Tele steal from the individual hand gripe or smooth stone bleacher, performing a Tele lift into the skyline toward the fluffy white clouds. Just kidding. The weapons reached an arch peak trajectory. I halted all the weapons midair, opening my eyelashes.
I exhaled with a puff of sadness.
You will see why.
I reached up and lift both arms over the hair roots, flinging the arms down to the ground, slapping my dirty and torn skirt. All the weapons dropped down and fell toward a swift downward motion, impaling and embedding individual sharp arrows, small daggers, curved swords or blasting a single red colored ray from a maser discharge back down on each Tele warrior who stupidly sat inside the bleachers. Some of the hard point weapons hit the gong as it bonged in a new song and then one of the rays found the gong. As it disintegrated into an assortment of tiny small pieces of brass and burnt gooey metal puddles.
I seriously hoped that Dirk had taught the new Tele warriors about a Tele shields or a Tele bubble, or a Tele protection field.
I opened my eyelashes with sadness, seeing the high plumes of splattering and fluttering red blood proteins, pink tissues, and white bone fragments. I sighed with death.
I executed Plan B, turning to the side and ran for my life, executing a Tele vault and performed a Tele jump over a sixty-foot-high stone wall. I executed a Tele drop and a Tele land with a puff of panic and pant, running on booted feet over the flat ledge of the sturdy old wall and stopped, standing on top of the wall. I executed a Tele vision of telepathy, looking for safe Tele spot to land inside the lush green forest of woodlands.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I did not bother looking with a pair of eyeballs, seeing the barrage of advancing forward motion from the enemy, consisting of flying swords, sabers, arrows, and darts that were hurled all at once toward my back spine at Tele speed. I whispered with for my eardrums only, “Wo-man, these kids are good. But I am great.” I executed a Tele leap into the air, performing a Tele somersault twice, covering the air space and forest landscape of forty feet to the big old tree and as I avoided the ground landscape of jagged rocks, poisonous snakes, and barbed wire fence.
I was a Tele, not a daredevil.
The enemy weapons beautifully pierced more of the ancient tall tree than Starra. I whispered to the tree, hugging onto the lowest branch limb. “Thank you!”
The tree didn’t answer back.
I slowly scurried down to the rough rocky dirt as a left cowgirl boot wiggled off and fell lovingly down into a hissing snake pit. I stopped and hang over the tree bark with a sneer. “Stang!” I was not retrieving it, without receiving a death wish. I repelled down and knelt inside a set of tall colorful weeds, breathing heavy from the intense physical exercise, reaching over and gingerly touched the left side at my waist, drawing back red blood. A stray arrow had cut through my skin and then dropped down, falling away from my body toward the hissing snake pit too.
I reached over and gathered a bunch of green healthy leaves, ripping off more of the turtleneck fabric from a right arm, carefully wrapping the cloth around my bleeding wound. I held my breath and tightened and tied the cloth, exhaling with pain and dizziness. I reached down and performed a Tele heal with a right hand, loosely sealing the wound with telemetabolics. I sighed with pain.
I exhaled with a puff of calmness
I performed a Tele scan into the far, far distance, seeing a single building. I exhale with a puff of pain, slowly standing and folded at the waist, moving with a fold body over the rough terrain. I continued to stumble over the large ugly tree roots and the tall pretty wildflowers, moving to an occupied structure.
The structure was tall and triangular shaped in orange colors. Citizens are working with a whistle and servicing with bots and hands all types of stationary zippers, carriers, cargos, and ram ships.
I stopped and squatted with a grunt, cautiously watching the workers pace to and from an open archway that must be the maintenance shop and as my eyeballs spotted a lonely zipper ship for two passengers and one piece of luggage on the left. I whispered for my eardrums only. “Beggars can’t be choosers.
I grunted in pain before reaching out, crawling down on threes of one palm and two kneecaps, gingerly holding my aching wound in place with the other hand from the jostling action. I might need more medical assistance than my Tele powers. A Bbot would work perfectly on my bloody wound right now.
I quietly skunk inside the open hatch of the zipper, cramming a folded throbbing body into the hard leather seat. The visual damage of the ship was almost beyond a mechanic supernatural repair. There was no engine, no oxygen tank, no force field shield, no comfone, and no comlen. I sighed with deep disappointment.
“Time for a miracle, Starra!” I whined with a sissy tone, lifting and squashed a palm into squirrel dookie on the dashboard with a growl. Because I had no other choice but to fly the damaged zipper with my Tele powers of telepathy and telekinesis, since I wanted off the planet and away from Rita and Dirk to save my precious hide.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Concentrate. Calm. Relax. Focus.
I flung the squirrel dookie into the side window from my dirty hand, placing both hands inside a lap for a Tele miracle, performing a Tele grab of the air waves and a Tele lift of the heavy dang piece of cold metal into the air.
The zipper rocked with a seasick roll up from the dirt soil,
I executed a Tele soar, moving forward and tilted into the heavy wind, performing a Tele lift above the tree limbs and the tree tops and executed a Tele blast off from the atmosphere and into cold and black outer space. I swung my curls to the side and identified the planet of Bio.
Rita and Dirk had selected the perfect spot in planet Bio, since this abandoned world was empty of natives while housing, raising, and training a secret and talent Tele army.
The zipper passed by Tech World avoiding the guards, spies, and big metal dangerous bots that belonged to Rita, heading straight into the Wall that big massive object made of space rock, space debris, and space stuff.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Concentrate. Calm. Relax. Focus.
I executed a Tele view finding a small peek hole inside the Wall, taking it and then performed a Tele shove with Telekinesis. The sharp cone nose of the zipper helped whip it further open unsafely and as, I performed a Tele acceleration of faster with a short prayer, plunging into the Wall. The zippers shook, jolted and rumbled with metal pain, flying through ten inches of solid space rock.
“Five, four, three, two, one, zero. Boo.” I whispered with a grunt and as the broken nose cone emerged from the other side of the Wall and then the non-working two afterburners.
I lived with the pain and performed a Tele bend through the air waves, angling the zipper toward the blue sky and blue waters of planet Resort. I sighed with aid.


Planet Resort
(blue oceans, white sands, red sunsets)
Home of Marquis Roy
Hotel lobby setting
Hot temperatures with dull sunlight
17th hour, early evening


I released the Tele hold on the zipper for a few seconds of daring free fall, and as it swiftly fell down toward the sand and the ocean water. Then I executed a Tele grab with the outer space air waves around the zipper with a grunt of pain and a series of heavy breaths, performing a Tele steer to a clear opening of white sand inside the courtyard of one of the non-busy hotels. The zipper slowed through the air waves and landed on top of the grass with a soft thud.
I giggled with the accomplishment of Tele magic, reaching over and elbowed the loose hatchway which only held inside the air molecules for breathing.
I exhaled with a puff of worry, rolling sideways from the silver tinted seat on the damaged zipper staring into a pretty bright red sunset. I slowly stood upright in a thin puddle of red blood on top of the white colored sand, on my pilot seat, and my red-stained hand reaching over and stole an old smelly beige cape. I parked it over both of my semi-naked shoulders for a simple disguise to advance inside the damaged hotel.
I planned to execute a new plot to requisition a newer sleeker star ship with a working hyper drive, traveling in style and snorts back home to Commerce, tattle-tailing on Rita and Dirk to Bartholomew. I sighed with duty.
I slowly spun around and limped on a right boot, a left naked foot, a right boot, and a left naked foot until I reached a solid five feet natural coral rock wall with a nice row of red berry bushes underneath a lawn of manicured green grass.
No gate, lock, or knob.
“Stang!” I reached up and grabbed the ledge of the coral rock with a pair of naked hands and torn fingernails and a grunt, holding my breath. I performed a Tele pull, lifting a set of aching muscles and a bloody body up and over the short wall, executing a Tele drop with a soft thud and a burp of gas bubbles, inhaling air on the opposite side of manicured grass. I slowly stood like a woman, inhaling the nicely planted and perfumed flowers, wobbling side to side toward a set of double glass doors and stopped. I wobbled in place, reaching with a shaky hand and grabbed the door knob.
Locked.
I executed a Tele zap of angry telekinesis, busting the metal lock into zillions of tiny pieces of gooey metal.
The door swung open in metal pain, slamming into the wall with a loud thud.
I slowly limped and wobbled side to side into an empty and semi-dark hallway, executing a Tele peek in the far, far distance of the hotel structure and finally located the service shop for a new ship.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine. 
I limped and slid into a closed arch frame of another room, closing my eyelashes. I performed a Tele view.
There were two guards talking with laughter, who were advancing down the same hallway and into her body inside the archway.
I waited and waited for the two guards to come closer and closer. My eyelashes opened. I performed a Tele leap from the door and stumbled into a girly pose in front of both males with a sneer. I reached out and executed a gently Tele punch with a right folded fist at the nose bridge of the guard on the left, hearing the small bones crack and broke. I slightly turned with a distorted face and whacked with a left fist into the jaw of the guard on the right, not hearing a crack but seeing a big ugly blue bruise.
They wobbled side to side in dizziness, dropping down on the kneecaps, bowing to Starra and slid over the floor, unconscious.
I folded over and held both palms to my waist in pain with a whisper. “Another one or maybe, two bites the dust.” I grunted in pain and spotted the attached electronic map. I executed a Tele jerk, wiggling the fingers and as, the mini-bot from his utility belt leaped into my hand.
I pressed a series of buttons for the correct direction of a safe getaway, covering my freckles inside the beige hood, slowly turning and humped over like a monster and limped around the wall corner.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything ain’t fine.
A third guard skidded to a halt and stood in place inside the new semi-dark hallway with very good eyesight, jabbing a finger at Starra. “Hey, you in beige cape, what are you doing here?”
I turned and dashed to the nearest exit door, racing up the stairs on booted feet to the third floor, slamming the door open and ran down a new empty hallway. I skidded and turned, slamming into the second side door on the left and halted.
The beginning of a long hallway to something.
I turned and slammed into the fourth door on the right and haled inside the archway, the real parking garage. I gasped with shock.
I disguised my real intention of stealing a star ship, back stepping from the correct archway and turned, running down the hallway and slammed into the third side door on the right into a room. The new room was empty of citizens, guards, furniture, and windows, and as I was trapped like a plantation mouse. I sighed with miffness.
An array of pretty colored indigo uniformed guards with a black sash from planet Resort barged inside the archway and beared deadly numerous maser barrels at Starra.
I stood in place, looking down with a sour frown at the floor, jerking the cape hood over my hair roots for a clever disguise, slapping both hands down to my legs. I couldn’t even read the stolen map correctly. I ran down the wrong corridor on purpose. I sighed with stupidity.
I wished beyond wishes that I was watching an action movie. The heroine always got it right, the first time.
I looked up with a smirk, scanning the indigo colored naked walls between an array of armed and sneering guard and predicted that I would get it right, the second time. I giggled with a grunt, exhaling with pain from my wound. A set of dripping warm blood left my warm body, falling and landed on the clean tiles. I sneered. “Well, little girls and boys, it is time for me to leave the party.”
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Concentrate. Relax. Focus.
“I am not going to harm you,” his sexy baritone timber echoed against the naked walls.
I opened my eyelashes to see Rann through the folds of my hoodie.
He was in the wrong place, instead of helping Bartholomew on planet Commerce or his wife on planet Agri. Rann stood in front of Starra with a stern face. “There is nowhere to run, unless you have sprouted a set of hidden wings underneath your old smelly cape with which to fly off my world to the Wall,” chuckling.
I exhaled with a grunt. This was not his world. His world was another place I rolled my eyeballs and wiggled my collar bone with tormenting pain and as the smelly caped fell and dropped down over the floor.
Rann gasped. “Starra!” He turned and sneered to the head guard. “Leave me with the captive.”
The guard shook a shaven skull with a stern face. “Sire, I will stay for your protection while you question the prisoner.” I sighed with dread.
“You have your orders.” Rann growled. The guards turned and exited the room in silence. The door closed. Rann turned with a confused brow, scanning her bloody body. “Did my guards assault you?”
The Resort guards were not his guards. He was not in charge of the universe. I exhaled. “No.”
Rann crossed both biceps over an exposed chest, unknowingly performing a Tele scan over her body with a nod and a stern face. “I tracked your zipper from the Wall to Resort and I was impressed with the pilot that handled a damaged ship. I searched the ship for more shipmates, but I have determined it was only you. Your piloting skills are outstanding, Lady Starra.” He dropped his arms, flexing his muscles, turning and paced around her with a stern face. “I have deduced that the pilot of the damaged zipper was escaping from something or maybe someone.” He stopped and stood in front of her face. “If you are unwilling to cooperate, I’m left with only one choice. I’m charging you with spying, trespassing, and treason to the Crown, Lady Starra.”
I stared at his handsome face but did not care at the moment. Just get me into a nice comfortable bed, so I can heal my bloody wounds and dizzy headache.
Rann frowned at her face, “Do you want to dispute the charges against your person, Lady Starra?”
I closed my eyelashes with pain.
Rann turned and scanned the ceiling, the floor, and then returned his eyeballs back to her with a stern face. “I’m going to report your actions to the new king. I believe that Bartholomew will be most displeased.”
I did not care.
Rann exhaled with a worried brow. “Who did this to you, Starra?”
I would answer all questions, tomorrow, after I had rested and healed.
Rann exhaled. “Based on the current information and visual evidence, I feel that I have no other course of action but to place you under house arrest. You are to be detained on this planet until the new king determines your punishment. Do you have any objections, Lady Starra?”
I did not. Please, place me inside a big bed mattress for sleep and rest of my wounds.
Rann turned, moved ahead, and then stopped standing on the left side of Starra with a smirk. “Starra, does this hurt?” He reached out and grabbed the bleeding wound and painfully squeezed his hand on Starra.
I gasped and fainted into his steel biceps.
Alien Day 35


Planet Resort
Hotel room setting
Hot temperatures with sunshine
11th hour, early afternoon


Uh, bright lights.” I whined and then giggled wiggling side to side the toe bones, the finger pads, the cute nose, and the ear flaps.
Yeah, I can do that.
I opened my eyelashes, seeing a pretty ceiling, turning to see a beautiful room. I see indigo all over the four walls, the tile floor, and the smooth ceiling, and as I was resting inside one of the rooms at the Resort hotels. This was the ‘bestest’ jail that I had ever spent the night inside.


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when ruler of the universe King Rex of Planet Commerce had arrested, hauled, and imprisoned my fanny as the traitor of the galaxy.

I had spent the night into a crammed little five foot by five-foot jail cell.


I mentally flashed back present into the second alien timeline with a smile, propping up on a set of elbows, examining my biological body. I wore three sets of white bandages that were double wrapped over the naked feet, the hidden ankles, on each leg, at the waist, on each arm, around the chest, at the neck, and almost completely covered the skull.
 I carefully rolled to the side and landed a pair of bandaged feet down to the cool tile floor, slowly standing with a weak sensation, catching my balance with a touch of Telemetabolics and waddled in place. I exhaled with a puff of health and bunny hopped on a pair of bandaged feet and legs into the private lavatory to pee and poo.
I stood up and turned with a gasp, seeing the scary little sister of King Tut of Egypt on planet Earth. I un-wrapped and un-loaded each dirty red and brown stained bloody cloth, washing a naked body into nice and clean formation and turned, stomping my nakedness back into the sleeping chamber, scanning my new prison, the penthouse suite, the tallest level of the hotel casino. There was a comfortable bed, missing the beautiful bird’s eye spectacular view of Planet Resort but not a living room set of a long sofa, two side chairs, and a dressing table with a mirrored vanity.
My eyeballs scanned and landed on the open closet.
I saw catch prettily a single outfit, hanging inside the open closet, dashing swiftly on naked feet to the wooden hanger. I reached and touched a silky soft two-piece garment that colored in dull gray that matched my dull gray hair roots. The garment was decorated with an assortment of hundreds of tiny stones of diamonds, glittering and gleaming from the bright overhead lights inside my prison room. I sighed with happy.
The upper body was designed with a single shoulder band and a big single diamond brooch stood brightly at the left collar bone and the left arm socket. A straight pin skirt was colored in matching gray that barely covered below the fanny fat and a band of tiny diamonds encircled the waistline. I dress quickly in the girly undergarments and the pretty gray outfit, since it was cold from the air conditioning unit inside the room, looking like an alien princess. I sighed with love.
Then my eyeballs turned and venture down to the floor to see a standing pair of shoes within the shoe rack. An elegantly thigh-high style of two new leather gray leg boots matched the dress fabric of my new outfit of gray. I sighed with joy.
I slip both boots over the legs. The right thigh-high boot boldly housed a single silver dagger that was embedded with a vertical strip of sparkling diamonds up and down on both sides of the smooth silver metal. I slowly reached and pulled the blade from the sewn leather pouch inside the inner thigh of the leather boot with a grin and a gleam of something very bad.
I owned lots of illegal weapons, consisting of shot guns and stun guns on planet Earth and used the full set of masers that colored in red, yellow, green, and blue during my training with Rosa within the first alien timeline. But I preferred using and abusing my four awesome Tele powers of telepathy, telekinesis, teleclairvoyance, and telemetabolics to defend my assets and the assets of my friends.
I slowly holstered the deadly dagger back down into the hidden pouch within the right thigh-high boot, feeling the slight weight of smooth metal blade on the right side of my body. I sighed with contentment.
My nose holes smelled the delicious food that was overloaded on a single table, greasing the indigo paint on the walls as I growled with hunger. I turned and skipped with a smile, stopping at the end of the table and scooted along the edge, grabbing an empty plate and overloaded a pile of scrambled eggs, cooked meats, fresh baked breads, rip fruits, and a single chocolate cake, not a couple of sissy slices of cake but the entire second tiered cake.
I slowly turned while dropping of the fruit piece, then the bread stick, and then the meat piece, stopping and stood in place, slowly spinning around and flung a little bit of the juicy eggs into the side wall, sitting inside a roomy loveseat for my fanny and my legs with a low table in front of my kneecaps and the big plate. I placed the plate over the table, leaning down and used three (the fork and the hands) eating the food. I liked being Rann’s prisoner foreverly, eating instead of giggling.
A soft knock sounded at the closed entrance door into the suite. Then the automatic door mysteriously slid open, announcing Rann and his two steel biceps that swayed to an invisible musical tone inside his head. He appeared handsome and dashing as ever with a million-dollar smile. He wore the unique golden silk vest which was split down the middle, showing off a set of sculptured dark colored muscles from the throat down to the waist. I sighed with hottiness.
I pondered if Rann kept a personal dagger inside his vest near his generous heart like my new present plus food plus aid. I wished that Bartholomew would adopt a more liberal dress code…naw…never. I mouth spit with a giggle instead of a spit drool at Rann. I sighed with intrigue.
“Good afternoon, Starra.” Rann stopped and stood in front of the low table, staring down at her silver tinted hair roots, bowing at a fit waist for noblette respect and stood upright with a smile.
I looked up my molars of food, since I didn’t bother to swallow. “Good afternoon, Warden.” I covered my full mouth, chewing.
Rann back stepped with a chuckle, sitting inside an oversized chair beside the low table with a smile. “How’s my prisoner doing today?”
I smiled with food particles. “Good to be alive,” chewing the used food and wallowed.
Rann laughed. “I see you found the cake.”
“I never miss a meal.  Thanks for your wonderful presents.” I swiftly stood as an assortment of new food crumbles fell and dropped down over the carpet, wiping off my naked hands and reached down, pressing both palms and as my hands drew a sexy curvy line down my new outfit.
Rann smirked. “You’re very welcome. How are you feeling, Lady Starra?”
I lifted both arms in the air for fun. “Feel great! The rest was very useful, very needed, very me.” I winked at Rann, sitting down and devoured the food.
He chuckled at her hair roots. “I’m very pleased.” He turned and stared at the door and her hair roots again with a smile. “You were beaten, pretty badly. My physicians, who dressed your puncture wounds, commented that you were hit with a series of tiny darts, sharp arrows, long spears, a few blades of daggers, and two curved-bladed swords. Plus, there were a couple of maser burns among the stone bruises produced by hitting a pile of hard boulders. Would you care to explain, what happened to you, Starra?”
I swung my curls and viewed the window. A set of pretty colored red birds flew outside the window. Rann stared at her nose profile. “Or do I have to personally apply my own torture methods on you for collected information, Lady Starra?”
I connected, linked, and then Tele talked to him: Don’t, Rann!
I liked to playfully flirt some days with Rann, but I was not in the mood for any stupid mind games or fluffy fairy tales, today. I required an immediate visit to Bartholomew, rat-tattling about Rita and Dirk. Bartholomew was the ruler of the galaxy, deciding the punishment for the self-entitled Emperor Dirk and Empress Rita in his universe.
I swung my curls with a smile to see him. “If I tell you, then I have to kill you, sir.”
Rann chuckled. “Humor, you are always full of entertaining wit, Starra. I have noted that you enjoy using the different Earth phrases to complement your silly jesting. I can’t remember them myself but I recognize them rolling from your sharp acid tongue from time to time.”
I blushed with a pinky flesh tint, feeling homesick for Earth, looking down with a sad face and dived into the food.
Rann said. “I will let your story pass for the moment.” He leaned over and tenderly touched her forearm with a confused brow. “No cuts, no bruises, and no scars. I’ve never seen a person completely heal in one day. How’s this possible, Starra?”
“Wonder if...” I looked up with a smile of non-food particles to see Rann. “Wonder if, I told you that I have exceptional healing powers. Would you believe me, honey pie?” I winked at Rann.
Rann frowned. “Seeing is believing, as we, Resortians say. I see it and still I don’t believe it.”
I snapped my finger with a smile and a nod. “You are a real Resortian. I forgot that you lived here first…”
“What?” He frowned
I parted my lips, looking down at the food plate with a confused brow. “I meant to say that I was very confused when you were saying and haying that this was your planet. These are your guards. I guess that you serve as a guard dog for Roy on Resort. That’s so nice, too.” I scooped up and ate the eggs, chewing.
He stared at her silver tinted hair roots with a stern face. “Would you care to elaborate on your exceptional healing?” He exhaled. “I have read sometimes that a citizen can exhibit an unusual skill during some type of emergency. But you seem to possess these unusual skills, all the time, Starra. How could that be? Hmm!”
I swallowed the eggs and quickly stuffed a sweet roll into the mouth, chewing and picking at the plate of food.
He exhaled. “I studied with Rosa for a couple of weeks, before she died. Rosa educated me on some interesting theories about certain types of abilities she had called Tele.”
I stopped chewing, looking up with a smirk, staring into a pair of almond slanted brown pupils and swallowed the food with a grin. “Let me guess! You saw something inside a red book.”
He gasped. “How do you know about that Book which exclusively belongs to Rosa, Starra?”
I smirked. “Based on some current history lessons, it seems that every noble possesses their own red colored tainted Book.” Rann chuckled. I nodded. “Remember, the one Rita pulled out from that hidden safe box behind the art painting when Rex was discovered dead that pains in old worn red leather which smells to my nostrils.” Rann smiled. I said. “I wished I could see Rosa’s Book again. I would like to re-read more of the intriguing chapters that I missed the first time around in the time...”
“First time around, what does that mean, Starra? And how is that you know about the book and have read some of the contents inside?” He frowned. I sighed with carefulness.
I said. “I was shown a couple of certain passages under the guidance and permission with Lady Rosa’s supervision.”
He turned with a stern face to see the windows. A set of flying birds were catching and eating the flying bugs between the rafters of the roof. He returned his eyeballs with a sigh to see Starra. “I’m relieved to find someone else has some specific knowledge of the Book. Rosa was very vague about certain issues, topics, and theories. I must admit I find most of the information too unbelievable to fathom or most impossible to understand.”
I smiled. “You reference elegantly to the issue of Tele abilities.”
Rann shook a skull with a confused brow. “How would one be able to move objects or talk to citizens, without using any comfones? Or the ability to see the future, without whatever? Nonsense, Starra! No one citizen can accomplish any of those feats. I believe it impossible. I asked Rosa to demonstrate any one of these acts. She did not. She could not. Or she would not. I still do not have answers but many more questions.”
I grinned at a new student who was eager to learn, maybe more anxious to believe.


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when Prince Rann had roamed from his home planet of Sahara and around the galaxy using a limited set of his known Tele powers of telepathy and telekinesis.

Then I mentally flashed back present with a grin and a nod. “Well, let’s find the answers, together! May I see the Book from Lady Rosa, Rann?”
Rann stood with a grin and a nod, turning and strutted to the closed door. “I hoped for a positive response. I’ll be right back. Enjoy your lunch, Starra.”
The door opened.
Rann exited the room.
I finished the plate of food and the beverage, yawning with a full tummy, sliding the plate to the side table.
At few minutes later, the door opened.
Rann entered the room with a smile and a book, moving and stopping and stood, sitting on the same loveseat next to Starra and held a similar colored red Book with the same dimensions, same weight, and same old smelly odor between the kneecaps of him and Starra.


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when I had discovered a set of missing pages within the red colored Book of Rosa that started on page 1,250 which secretly detailed the Sickness patients.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present, I flipped each page inside the ancient red colored book to page 1,250 with a grin and a nod, staring at the words. “Our subject for today is called the Sickness. Did Rosa explain this strange condition to you, Rann?”
“Very vague.” He stared down at the page of the book with a stern face.
I flipped the pages, scanning for more detail and stopped at the section, reading out loud for all eardrums and neurons with a stern face. “The Sickness is a condition, in which, any being that means any man, woman, teen, or child falls into a comatose state from a fever. After two days, the body re-awakens. The biological body is actually re-newed or re-engineered with a set of new mental powers. They are called Tele powers.”
Rann reached out and touched the page with a nod. “Yes, I have read that information before. The passage states that the Sickness had occurred five hundred years ago, where some of the citizens died and some of the citizens survived. It does not mention a set of mental powers that are called Tele powers, Starra. Where is that written in here?”
I read out loud. “Inside the written passage of the book, it mentioned that they are controlled by the Madness. The Madness is a newly formed, developed, and uncontrolled Tele ability in all the survivors of the Sickness disease.” I turned and nodded to the nose profile of Rann. “Rosa personally told me that a Tele power existed within each citizen and was controlled by the other Tele instructors. These Tele instructors were the teachers, who lived and educated all the students on Uni.”
Rann stood with a gasp, staring with a stern face and a whisper at the far wall “The universe school, all children sent there at the age four years of age. Incredible!” He sat back down, staring down at the pages with a worried brow. “Please continue to read and interpret to me, Starra.”
I view his nose profile again. “Based on Rosa’s sayings, I believe, Rann, that every one of you…me…us. We possess T-powers or Tele powers, but the abilities are controlled or blocked at this point in your life by a set of talented Tele teachers on Uni. I might point out these same Tele teachers were trained by Tele girl Rosa, who happened to have been the leading Tele in this universe.”
He turned and frowned at Starra. “This universe? You are referencing our universe that we both live in, correct, Starra?”
I nodded with a grin as I kept forgetting that I was an alien here and continued to reference the galaxy as theirs, not mine. I sighed with mistake.
“Correct, it is our…us…we, galaxy.” I grinned. “On Uni, the children are de-programmed from their natural Tele ability of telepathy which is the ability to read the human.
He frowned. “Incredible!”
I winked at him. “You get it right, boss.”
He looked down at the floor and Starra. “Starra, how did you figure this out?” He was smart, handsome, and curious about everything, including Starra.
I grinned and then frowned with fear and fright, because I had to reveal my Tele abilities, my true identity, and my secret willingly to share my knowledge of a Tele being with my known information of Dirk, who had a newly created Tele army. I exhaled. “I saw a group of Sickness patients using one of those types of special powers when I detoured my body to Bio.”
Rann frowned. “You have seen citizens that have demonstrated a single set of Tele feats. I can understand the Sickness theory, Starra. I can accept that a citizen survives a terrible disease and it alters their body. But I can’t believe that the Sickness has occurred in our galaxy without our knowledge of it. You seem to possess more information than you are willing to share with me and Bartholomew, Starra.” He exhaled with a nod. “Start at the beginning very slowly, Starra! Let me hear the entire story up to the point, when you landed here on Resort.” I sighed with panic.


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when Prince Rann had been my very best friend.


Then I mentally flashed back present with a stern face and a nod. Rann leaned into his soft lips like a kiss. I slowly whispered my secret alien facts. “After the ram ship raid on the Game stadium, I assisted moving lots of rock and debris from the field grounds, looking for survivors. I was sore, hurt, and tired. I went home to sleep. But instead, I ended up entertaining a pair of uninvited guests that broke into my castle and kidnapped me. I awoke inside a prison cell that was bull dog guarded by Dirk and his sidekick Rita. They bragged on how they were going to conquer the universe and destroy Bartholomew and all his allies. Then I witnessed a new army of Tele warriors that had been created by Dirk. They tossed, throw, pitched, hurled, and flung small rocks, tiny darts, sharp arrows, pointy daggers, and curved swords into the air at incredible speeds and great distances at a single target with sorta perfect accuracy.”
“I’m impressed,” he whispered.
I exhaled. “Then I finally escaped through a dense wooded forest and found a damaged zipper ship. I piloted it off Bio, through the Wall, and into the garden courtyard of the abandoned casino. Then, you caught me here on Resort inside that little windowless room.”
He looked down with a stern face at the floor.
I didn’t bother to use my Tele powers on his active mind, whispering. “Do you believe me?”
“I do.” He looked up with a stern face to see Starra. “You are the target. You are a Tele. This is the only explanation for your understanding, your recovery, and your skills.” He looked down and grabbed her naked arm, searching for a scar of her wounds. “Aren’t you, Starra? Based on your sayings, I also understand that you are not the only Tele here.” He didn’t release her arm but looked up with a worried brow to see her. “Dirk’s one, too. Who else is a Tele, Starra?”
I exhaled. “I do not know all the names. But they are a set of missing patients from the hospital wards throughout the galaxy. Dirk has been stealing them from their hospital beds, faking their deaths, and re-training them as his new deadly team of Tele warriors. I have to say that Dirk’s a very powerful Tele but not greater than I.” I sighed with conceit.
“I’m glad that you’re on our side.” Rann chuckled with a wink. “If Dirk has all the Sickness patients and is training all of them as a team of Tele soldiers, then we need to form our own army of talented Tele army of warriors to defend ourselves and defeat them.”
I slapped the Book with a grin as a set of high plumes of yellow tinted dry dust bounced up and fluttered midair. I coughed the paper particles from my nose holes and slapped the air with a hand, clearing out the debris.
“Okay, we have a book with the secret knowledge that is equal to Dirk. I guess. But Dirk seems to have acquired much more from somewhere or something. So that means that Dirk learned something else from Lady Rosa, who has passed away.” He nodded with a stern face to Starra. “Maybe, the something data is not inside the Book, Starra. Since every noble has a red colored smelly old Book even me. So maybe, Rosa told Dirk and then told you something during her personal Tele training lecture that you didn’t interpret correctly. So, try to remember her exact words?”


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when Lady Rosa had given to me a set of two separate black colored diamonds within a pair of two individual golden tinted bracelets that successfully deflected a batch of flying deadly red colored maser waves from her during Tele training and from my body during the battle.

Then I purposefully had destroyed the twin black diamonds, trying to save my fanny.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present, I gasped with a nod. “The talisman.” I looked down with a grin to the book, flipping through the pages for the golden object.


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when Rosa had offered the talisman to my person.

Then I suddenly had gained more Tele powers by absorbing all her Tele powers too inside my body somehow, someway, and something.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present, I wore a stern face, stopping at page 2,800, reading out loud. “This is a foto of the talisman.” He leaned closer into the page and the cheekbone of Starra. I read out loud. “The talisman is the key to unlocking all the Tele abilities within each citizen. There is a list of specific directions here. Do so by placing the talisman directly over the forehead of the unconscious citizen for three seconds. Then the Tele channel will unlock and in-flow into the brain cells interfacing with the psyche of the unconscious citizen. It will create a new set of brain patterns with the Tele functions and associated Tele abilities. Each unconscious citizen is limited to one or maybe two powers. Warning,” I giggled. “I sorry! I’m never seen a warning inside a book before on a supernatural thingy.” I cleared a throat. “Warning! This method of Tele development can cause a brain hemorrhage or a brain explosion. The Tele outcome is uncertain and dangerous to any citizen of the universe. That’s it.” I looked up with a worried brow to see Rann. “That’s a pretty intensive warning, Rann, and it just might kill every person that we encounter.” I sighed with concern.
Rann looked up with a stern face and a nod to see Starra. “We have to take that chance. Dirk has an army of Teles with or without the talisman. We must inform B.A. and explain this new information in regard to the universe. What’s coming for us? He needs to prepare for war.”
A loud knock sounded at the door.
I jumped a few inches from the soft cushion from silliness.
Rann leaped from loveseat, turning with a stern face and dashed to the closed door.
The door opened.
He frowned. “What is it?”
The Resort honor guard unit stood inside the archway with a whisper. “I am very sorry to disturb you and your guest, Prince Rann. We have captured a spy on the space station of Militia. Your attention is required for the interrogation of the prisoner.”
Rann nodded with a stern face. “Of course, I will join you, shortly. Please, keep the prisoner warm and secure! I do not want to hear of any mistreatment of my prisoners. Are you clear on my order, guard?” The guard back stepped with a nod and a stern face from the archway, turning and strutted back down an empty hallway.
Rann swung around with a stern face, moving back to Starra. “I’m sorry for the interruption, Starra. I must delay our department for a while. I need to investigate this matter. I’m going to fly to Militia then will return within the hour. Then we can leave for Commerce. Will you be alright here inside the suite? Do you require anything else before I leave?” He stopped and stood next to her nose profile with a smile.
I didn’t stand but tapped my fingers on the Book with a smile and a nod. “I’m quite comfortable here inside the suite, Rann. May I keep the Book and study more of the text while you are away?”
Rann nodded with a smile. “Excellent idea, you can prep me as we travel to see B.A. about your new methods of training our Tele army.” He bowed at a fit waist in noblette respect and reached out, grabbing her dirty food-covered hand and dragged the hand, kissing her knuckles, standing upright with a smirk in silence. He pivoted and dashed the open door, exiting the room
The door closed.
I stared with a smile at the closed door, executing a Tele poke for fun, following Rann down the hallway for more fun.
Rann stopped and stood in place, asking questions to the honor guard unit with a tern face.
I closed my eyelashes, cutting off the Tele peek-a-boo, shaking my curls with my personal admiration and my silly affection for Rann.
I leaned back and lifted, propping my pair of new thigh boots over the low table, feeling the warm touch of his essence on the book. I exhaled with a puff of happiness, diving my eyeballs down plus my brain cells inside the pages of the big red Book, researching about tales of Tele warriors, the single talisman method, and the old galactic wars.
On the 19th hour (late evening), with moonlight, hot temperatures, and bright stars, I opened my eyelashes, after a long nap of rest with a silly grin out the glass window.
A silver tinted moon brightly glowed within rich black outer space hanging above the other artificial man-made concrete and metal Militia space station on this side of the Wall. The scene looked like a swarm of bright yellow-whitish Agri fireflies around a pile of fresh red colored cow dookie.
I gasped with a whisper.  “Hold the comfone! Cow pookie is not red colored.” I blinked my eyelashes shut and open, double checking the dark sky view inside the clean window. A white plume of steam bellowed in set of black smoke signals from the man-made space station of Militia, where Rann had traveled to interrogate a prisoner. I sighed with worry.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Concentrate. Calm. Relax. Focus.
I executed a Tele peek-a-boo with my telepathy.
Groups of tiny little blurry bodies of active citizens dashed around an open floor.
I performed a Tele tour with my telepathy, following along the crowded corridor of citizens and stopped and looked inside each squared archway, where a set of continuous fires and lots of black smoke…naw…shit. I was going in the wrong direction from the dashing citizens.
I performed a Tele backup with my telepathy and executed a Tele switch of my mental brain cells, leading my mind down to the other corridor.
I followed along the crowded corridor, hopping over the wounded and bloody citizens, stopped and looked into another squared archway with more injured and dead patients that covered the floor space. I moved ahead and stopped, looking through a second archway with more injured and dead patients that covered all the sofas, the tops of low tables, and a few medical cots.
I moved to each medical cot, spotting a male with a head of black colored curly hair. His face was burnt with a set of red raw patches of dripping skin on the left side. I circled the face, seeing Rann.
“Stang!” I broke the Tele probe immediately and tumbled off the sofa with worry, standing and raced forward with worry, tripped over the dang chair with a stupid boot toe and a sour frown, knocking the low table into the side wall with my Tele strength. The red Book and my stupid body fell down, landing over the soft carpet. I yelled with a worry. “Coming, Rann, coming.” I executed a Tele jump from the floor into the air, performing a Tele fly through the air waves and shifted both hands in front of the body, igniting an invisible wave of Tele energy with a ting of yellow hue. The wave of Tele energy slammed into the closed door first.
The door busted and parted, scattering through the air and the floor into an assortment of large and small pieces of metal, where a big hole opened inside the middle of the door for one person.
I folded down at the waist, executing a Tele bubble over my body, flying through the busted hole, turning and continued to Tele fly down an empty hallway and wiggled the fingers in front of my breasts for a second time with a grin.
The slightly tinted yellow invisible Tele wave slammed into the closed door first. The door broke away and separated into an array of flying large and smaller metal parts again, hitting and knocking some of the guards in a body part.
I lowered to the floor with a worried brow, “Sorry.”
Each attacked guard hit the opposite wall with a grunt, passing out into consciousness.
I flung a hand, performing a Tele heal on the three guards with a worried brow, healing the bloody open wounds with care. They will survive but Rann will not. I ran forward, blending a body into the crowded staircase, elbowing a brutal footpath through a group of short and tall males and females.
Every pilot was dashing down the stairs to the next level for a star ship which was docked inside the landing bay.
I ducked down and ran underneath a set of raised armpits, slithering through the group and turned with a stern face, dashing through a wide archway without stopping. Numerous rows of parked shiny silver tinted star ships stood up and armed, crawling with tiny pilots.
I scooted around each occupied star ship, looking for an unoccupied one, spotting the ship in the wall corner and halted, planning to steal…naw…borrow the zipper for the mighty rescue of Rann. I stood in place, executing a Tele scan on the star ship with every single Tele power and found a set of working gears, operation ship shield, an oxygen tank, and a functional hyper drive.
I reached and touched door hatch.
A male approached Starra on the left with a sneer. “Hey! That’s my ship!”
I swung my curls with a stern face to see the guard, declaring my possession with a hand on the smooth hatch handle. “Not today, Kona. Kona!” I paused for beauty, scanning his male features. He possessed a head of long blonde shaggy hair over the earlobes and a rumpled indigo guard uniform. I laughed with a hardy tone.


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien-timeline when Major Kona, my superior officer at the assigned base of OPS (communication castle), had ruled over my cowgirl boots, since I had been only a lowly commander.


Then I mentally flashed back into present, I still laughing with a grin.
“I don’t know you.” Kona stopped, standing in place with a sneer, jabbing a finger at the nose profile of Starra, reaching down for the same door handle that she held inside a cupped hand.


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when I had vowed pay back at Major Kona from OPS and his arrogant super inflated ego plus all his obtuse command orders to me and my fellow nice officers.


Then I mentally flashed back present with a smile. “Too bad, I need to borrow your ship to rescue Prince Rann on board that on fire and burning out of control space station.” I squeezed and popped the door handle.
The hatchway door quickly lifted and missed my nose bridge by milli-inches or whatever.
Kona shuffled closer to his new enemy Starra, jabbing a finger almost into her right eyeball, reaching out and touched her collar bone with a tongue of mouth spit and a sneer. “You don’t have authorization to borrow guard ship so…”
I turned with a growl, wiping off his tongue spittle from my cheekbone with one hand and shoved his chest with the other hand while executing a little Tele muscle with the palm flip, flinging his butt-hole into the far wall corner.
He stumbled in shock with an open mouth with a sissy scream, wildly dancing with both arms and legs, hitting the far wall with a hard skull and dropped downward, landing on the same butt-hole over the greasy oily floor and all unharmed. Okay, ya’ll!
“Sorry, Jim! Gotta go!” I scooted into the polished seat and reached, touching the console with my fingers, executing a Tele lift from the floor, over all the other grounded stars, and up into the rafters which was not humanly possible, waiting on the stupid hatchway door to shut.
The door closed and locked.
I performed a Tele shove through the air waves horizontally, without engine power, since the two sets of real afterburners would harm someone. I sailed on Tele energy underneath the ceiling rafters, performing a Tele blast through the opening and into the white clouds. I sighed with rescue.


Space station Militia
Cold and black outer space minus 1000°F
2nd hour, early morning
Bright stars and man-made fires


I executed a Tele flight through the upper atmosphere, hitting cold and dark outer space with zillions of glittering white colored stars and touched the gliding stick and ignited the engine during mid-air flight, conserving my Tele powers for rescue and as, the zipper jerked ahead, flying through outer space toward the space station Militia, where I had witness way too much action.
“Stang!” I turned a sour puss face in any direction, seeing a ferocious outer space dog fight with the large number of big and small star ships.
Emperor Dirk and Empress Rita have launched a full scale assault on space station Militia and planet Resort, and anything else in their destruction evil path. I sighed with revenge.
One, two, four, six ram ships were on course, approaching planet Resort, after almost completely destroying the non-spinning space station of Militia. Dirk and Rita had traced Starra here. They had planned the attack against Resort and Bartholomew here.
If Dirk eliminated Bartholomew, then Rann, then Starra, then all the kingly rules, he would foreverly rule the entire universe, ya’ll. I sighed with not happening in my life time.
I slammed the gliding stick side to side, jerking and juking around the pretty colors of masers ray, heading toward the underbelly of the ram ship and passed it quickly. I flew toward Militia, seeing with my awesome rear Tele view the action.
Planet Resort had launched a defensive strike with an assortment of combined zipper and carrier ships against the numerous silver ram warships.
I saw and felt through my Tele powers the bursts of pretty red, green, and yellow colors that attacked the single ram ship plus smelled all the immediate deaths. I sighed with sorrow.
The single Resort freighter traveled at its maximum speed in front of the viewing window of my zipper, engaging a solo ram ship that was trailing behind the attacking fleet of Dirk’s ships. Freighters did not carry an array of weapons, the long ship delivered goods, such as, bots, equipment, smaller ships, citizens, and livestock to other planets, holding a complete crew of ten citizens. If the pod was empty, then thousands of citizens could stand inside the cargo bay.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I felt the 2,538 souls (citizens) inside the ram ship that traveled from planet Bio, and as my eyeballs darted to the opposite side of the zipper. I performed a Tele scan inside the freighter that held medical stuffs, food supplies, small equipment, air ships, air bikes, and heavy equipment.
Hold the comfone!
The newly identified 2,538 souls were the little monsters that had belted me with a set of useless weapons of smooth stones and hard rocks and darts and other sharp man-made weapons on planet Bio. They were located inside the cargo haul of the ram warship.
I reached and slammed the green button for communication, yelling with worry into the comfone of my zipper. “Resort freighter, stop your ascent and attack on the other ship, right now! That’s an…”
A red wave launched and hit the side of the Resort freighter from another ram ship of Dirk. The freighter tilted to the right and beautifully exploded into an array of blue, white, sliver, and yellows flamed colors. Then the ram ship accidentally plowed its metal nose cone into the scattered fiery walls of colored flames and then prettily imploded in colors of green, orange, and red with an ear-deafening sound of boom and bang and bong.
The two ships collided and created a bright yellowish-white light of blue and green sparklings. Then they both disappeared into nothingness. I sighed with sadness.
I could not help the children on the ram ship or the crew of freighter or the Resort pilots or the Resort citizens on Resort. But I could help my best friend, since I could not live without him, could not lose him, will not lose him, needing Rann to win the new war inside the unknown galaxy for my kingly boyfriend Bartholomew. I sighed with grit.
The trail of scout ram ships had left a sight of destruction and death upon Militia and the seven levels of metal. The lower tier used to hold the living family quarters and recreational facility for family entertainment and employee relaxation. The half-tier stood in place, vomiting out pieces of sharp metal, shiny equipment, and dead bodies into outer space that slowly twirled around my zipper. I sighed with sorrow.
The middle tier on the space station contained the landing bays, the fleet of star ships, the bot maintenance shops, the medical emergency centers, and the supply storages areas.
The upper tier held the command center, the kitchen, and the weapon control room.
I viewed numerous damaged pictures on the active comlen inside the zipper and plotted a plan to land somewhere inside the space station. The middle tier had been blasted into the stars. The upper tier was powered with lights as the personnel run back and forth in front of the intact and undivided windows.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I encircled the dead space station in two complete rotations, searching desperately for a single dangerous drop zone for the zipper. Then I located a pocket of empty space on the third tier. I plotted a plan to blast the outer wall with a straight maser beam creating a bigger hole for the zipper and my body. I predicted a slight problem, such like, halting the zipper.
Once, I was inside one of the exposed levels of the space station, there was a set of floor space for landing. I executed a Tele scan into some of the medical surgery suites with a set of operating tables plus heavy surgery equipment, and piles of sharp instruments that could cut seriously into my flesh and bone, if I broke my zipper too. I sighed with fortitude.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Concentrate. Calm. Focus.
I reached out and smashed the yellow colored button to de-accelerate the engine, pressing more buttons as a series of double parallel red color shot out and hit the outer concrete wall, blasting prettily the wall into tinier space dust.
My eyeballs saw a straight away clearance for landing inside the interior of the space station and as, I pressed the button and pushed the landing gear down from the gear body to stop the inertia of the flying zipper inside a three-walled enclosed room and activated the invisible shield of the zipper ship too.
My awesome Tele powers were working also. I shoved the gliding stick forward toward the perfect clearing hole and performed a Tele drive on the zipper to ensure that I hit the created hole, not the exterior metal side of the space station. I executed a Tele bubble around, feeling the cold air molecules, bouncing side to side from sickness of the swaying zipper. “Stang, this ain’t fun, ya’ll!”
The zipper smashed over a slick even floor, crashing and made a new wall inside a couple of the medical suites, hitting an assortment of solid metal machines, light weight body operating tables minus the real bodies. The zipper hit the cables lines and the overhead light fixtures, hundreds of boxed medical supplies that flew and scattered into the air, going above, around, and behind the zipper.
The zipper plunged through an existing wall and created a new wall, hitting an array of standing medical cots and as, I pulled the Tele shield closer into my body, not enjoying the crazy roller coaster ride. My body sailed forward then backward, yanking my internal organs to the side and slammed my face into the cockpit. 
The zipper continued to ride over flat even floor, hitting obstacle after obstacle. I sighed with seasickness.
The natural science law stated that an object in motion would continue to travel at a constant velocity until the object was displaced by force.
The nose cone of the zipper belted into more medical equipment, cracking the windshield, scratching the metal, bending the steel panels, and pathing into a new wall. My body jerked sideways to the right from the crash. The zipper stopped. I sighed with dizzy.
The natural science law also stated that an object at rest remained at rest until moved by another force.
I kept my eyelashes closed and prayed silently with a slight smile. I sighed with life.
I opened my eyelashes and leaned over, grabbing and placed the portal oxygen mask over my worried frown, breathing deeply from stress. I reached up and executed a Tele smash into the solid metal rooftop with palms, slamming up and open the hatch as it encountered a Tele lift and a Tele fly through the air. The entire rooftop broke off and soared in the opposite direction of my hair roots, twirling out and into outer space foreverly, ya’ll.
I performed a Tele leap from the seat without wearing the webbing. I was in a hurry, ya’ll. I executed a Tele jump into the air, missing the ceiling and executed a Tele run with my legs toward the closed entrance way, drawing my arms in front of my breasts and lifted my fingers and sent a Tele burst of whitish yellow energy into the metal door.
The door nicely folded down in half from the ray of my Tele heat with a sad ping.
I curved into a kitten-ball and continued to perform a Tele fly through the half-opening and slammed into the wall, accidentally, of course. I bounced backward with a giggle and a whisper. “Not hurt!”
I performed a gently Tele drop down onto the spotless clean hallway, feeling the fresh cool air attack a sweaty stinky body. I breathed deeply, sitting down quietly on the floor, aching with a set of electric blue forming bruises, scattered pink cuts while I ignored totally the pain.
I slowly stood and breathed heavy, turning and trotted on boots over an empty corridor in the direction of loud commotion and action to save my bestest friend Rann. I sighed with worry.
On the 3rd hour of an early morning, inside the busy, smelly, and dirty white colored hallway wall, numerous medical staffers ran between each medical cot with an injured patient up and down the corridor.
I smelled death of thousands of bodies and saw hundreds of bodies of red colored bleeding bandaged, and heard moaning, crying, and praying. I slowly maneuvered slowly the suffering patients, looking for Rann and sensed some of the dying souls, not one of them was Rann.
I halted and eye burned two sets of open doors that were full of scarred, scorched, and dying corpses, not one of them was Rann, either. I slowly moved around the corpses and scanned more wounded bodies, covering the walking flooring, over the sitting furniture pieces, and on top of rolling tables. I performed a Tele probe with telepathy, following my Tele senses, twisting automatically to the fourth row of dying citizens. I sighed with promise.
I sensed Rann. His presence was very weak, very soft, and in a very late stage of his life, but did not fear, ya’ll. I knew a wicked spell for raising people from the dead…naw…don’t.
I eye burned a set of three tables against the wall, moving boots to the first one which was a male. He was covered up in a white blanket with black hair. The left side of face was scorched and scarred with massive fire burns.
I reached out and placed a shaky naked hand upon his chest that barely moved up and down but he was barely alive and pulled back the hand. I gently pulled the rolling table away from the white wall and strolled around to the other side, examining his body and reached down, gently touching his cheekbone with an index fingernail. I sighed with life.
The other side of his face showed off a deep rich dark complexion which was smooth like silk on Prince Rann of Planet Sahara, the husband to Baronetess Ivy, the brother-in-law to King Bartholomew and my bestest friend in the universe. “Stang!” I whispered for my eardrums only.
A nameless brown haired med tech dashed passed Starra and halted, backing up and turned to see her silver tinted hair roots. “I can’t do anything for him but I can use your help over there with more wounded patients in corner.” I sighed with aghast.
I looked up with a sneer and shook my curls and pointed Rann’s wounded bloody chest. “Do you know who this is? Prince Rann of Sahara, the husband to Baronetess Ivy, the brother-in-law to…
“Dead man to me, lady.” The med tech nodded. “I can’t help him. He got too much damage to all of his internal organs. Going to die, if not already.” He looked down at Rann.
I shook my curls, without helping the other injured. “I’m staying here with him.” The med tech ran ahead to the next patient inside the next cot. I leaned into his burnt face with a smirk and a whisper. “Die, you will not die on my watch, Prince.” I turned my cheekbone, leaning over into his bloody chest, hearing a slight thump of the valves like a damaged zipper ship and stood upright with a worried brow.
I reached and gently slapped my hands together, rubbing to create both heat and redness, where my Tele healing was building up for a Tele miracle. I reached down and firmly touched both palms down into his injured and bloody chest as a tiny plume of white steam drifted from the burning bubbles of red blood. I noted that the medical diagnose of the med tech was correct.
There was massive internal bleeding of blood around the spleen and both kidneys on Rann. I pressed more roughly both palms down into his abdomen, ceasing the excess blood flow going into his stomach. The punctured blood veins started to concatenate from the healing heat of my Tele touch.
I shifted my palms to his punctured lungs which were filled with thick pus and lots of yellow fluids, draining the contaminated fluids down into his liver. The liver was the organ that purified a biological body.
Then Rann would need to pee and shit before he left the space station as more of the contaminated fluids and blood drained into the liver and eventually down his butt-hole.
I lifted and removed both my bloody hands, slapping them back behind my back spine, painting the white wall with Rann’s blood while semi-cleaning my hands. Well yeah, I needed a bathroom sink of warm soapy water too.
Rann coughed with a nasty timbre, tossing an arm and both legs below the kneecaps into the air at the same time with new life from Starra.
I leaned down with a whisper and a smirk into his eardrum. “Don’t move.” I reached over with a smirk and tenderly touched a set of ugly vertical and horizontal maser burns on the burnt side of his face with a bloody finger pad. The wrinkled skin smoothly ironed out into a nice shade of coffee. I whispered with a smirk into his eardrum. “Bonus point, prince!” I sighed with happiness.
Rann slowly flipped side to side with a set of sexy moans toward Starra, coughing out the nasty particles from his healthy lungs up an open esophagus and out an open mouth, vomiting over the dirty floor.
I jumped back with a sour frown from the puke green vomit and gagged.
He coughed with a heavy timbre and mouth spat a stream of thick nasty green salvia onto the floor, dropping back over a back spine with a sigh, and closed his eyelids, reaching out with both arms and touched the air waves.
I stepped forward, grabbing and tucked one of his wavering arms into my breast with a giggle.
He opened his eyelids, turning with a puzzled brow to see Starra. “Starra.”
I giggled with a grin again. “Yo, Rann!”
He exhaled with a huff of puzzlement. “Maser wave. Bulkhead explodes. Metal hits. Blood…” he sat upright, bending at a fit waist, spreading his legs over the table and gingerly touched a naked chest that held a generous loving heart with a puzzled brow. “The metal was flying everywhere around me. My chest was blooding and making it hard for me to breathe.” He looked up with a puzzled brow to see Starra again, reaching up and touched a handsome face with all naked and clean finger pads, sliding sideways over the table, bouncing his boots off the floor. “Now, I don’t feel a scar. There is not one bruise or scar or burn on my face.” He appeared so confused and so innocent to Starra.
I swung my curls, scanning the other injured patients. Citizens of space station Militia had died, had been injured, or had been captured by Emperor Dirk and his sidekick Empress Rita. I turned with a concerned brow, leaning down with a smirk and a whisper into his face. “One, that is our secret. Two, you need to go to the bathroom….”
“What!” He grabbed his guts with both hand with a green face and a mouth burp. “I need to go to the bathroom.” He jumped down from the table, running ahead to the bathroom. The door closed.
I turned with a smirk and a whisper to see the closed door. “That is our secret, too.”
A few minutes later, the door opened.
Rann stood inside the archway with a stern face, scanning the room and stopped in front of Starra and strutted forward with a smile and stopped, standing in front her face. “We must see the king and tell B.A. about Resort and the other planets.”
I nodded in silence, stomping a boot toe around the next medical cot with a dead person, not smelling the musk cologne on Rann behind my butt-hole and then stopped, swinging around with a worried brow to see his back spine.
He spun around and advanced, running and wrapped both arms around her stationary body with a whisper and a smile. “Thank you, Starra!” He leaned over, giving a lightly peck her cheekbone.
I quickly pulled back from the kiss and the embrace with a nervous smile and a nod of respect. “Anytime, man, let’s rock and roll.”
He winked at her with a smile. “Another Earth expression, I’ll have to remember that one.” Rann spun around with a chuckle, leading in a trot through the open archway to the docking bay with for a star ship. I sighed with war.


Planet Commerce
Castle of Bartholomew throne room setting
Cool temperatures with parted clouds of little sunlight
5th hour (mid-twilight)


The lonely zipper landed smoothly inside the royal docking port, the third floor of the royal castle.
The two figures ran from the zipper, into the castle, down an empty corridor and stopped.
The royal honor guard unit purposefully blocked the royal throne room for an obvious reason.
But I did not understand and ordered in a really nasty tenor sneer, standing nose-to-nose with the short female honor guard. “Bartholomew!”
“Do you have an appointment?” The female guard grinned with yellow stained teeth and a tongue of bad breath, standing in front of one of the double doors. The second guard stood in front of the other door.
I back stepped with a cough, parking both folded fists on top of my new waist band of sparking diamonds with a lady sneer. “No.”
She smiled. “I’m so sorry. No appointment means there is not any type of entrance into the King’s chambers. These are his orders. I hope you understand that the king is a very busy king.” I sighed with rage.
“I am…” slapped down.
“I recognize your face, Lady Starra. No appointment. No entrance,” she grinned.
Rann side stepped into the cheekbone of Starra with a grin, leaning down into her eardrum with a whisper. “Starra, may I try to explain?”
“Shore. Yeah. All right. Go for it, man.” I side stepped from Rann, standing and crossed my naked arms over my new top of gray colors and sparking diamonds. I didn’t Tele zap with my talent, but I did mentally wish them out of my footpath. I sighed with wishful-ness.
Rann stepped forward with a smile and a nod to the guard. “Good afternoon! I must speak with Bartholomew. My information is vital to the survival of our citizens and his universe.”
She giggled with a grin, batting her eyelashes way too politely. “Prince Rann, what can I do personally for you?”
I grunt with a sour frown.
Rann charmed his way with a smooth baritone and a grin. “I carry an urgent message from my wife Baronetess Ivy for Bartholomew. The matter is of the utmost importance. If you could slip him a note? I am waiting for an impromptu meeting. I’d be most appreciative.” He grinned with more teeth and magically presented a tiny slip of paper.
The female guard winked and scooted backward with a giggle, turning and opened the door, disappearing into the throne room.
Then I could not believe my eyeballs.
The throne room door mysteriously opened.
Rann and I stomped ahead on a pair of dirty boots over the cleaned purple colored thick carpet toward a slumped figure at a large office desk, looking like the king was dead instead of asleep. I moved ahead from Rann and stopped with a worried brow, musically tapping both finger pads on top of the messy office desk, “B.A., we got…”
“Huh,” Bartholomew sat back into the chair with a frown and then a smile, standing and turned, moving and stopped, standing and hugged Starra, lightly pecking her cheekbone with a kiss. He pulled back with a smile and a nod. “Starra, what a delight? Have you come for dinner?” He looked down with a puzzled brow, scanning from her hair roots down to her boot toes. “I like your gray outfit. Is that new?”
I had forgotten about the wonderful new present from Rann. Bartholomew had noticed the new attention to minor details of my person. I frowned with a nod, tossing both arms into the air. “We have a major problem.” I slapped both hands down over my new skirt with a sour frown.
Bartholomew back stepped with a sour frown, shaking a crowned blonde colored hairy skull, tossing both arms in the air. “I have lots of major problems going on. Which one is this?”
I exhaled. “Resort has been brutally attacked by Dirk and Rita using their new army of warriors, Bartholomew. The army is made up of Tele warriors. The evil dynamic duo intends to take over universe as the newly paired Emperor and Empress. Do you recall the fake fairy tale story that mom and dad read to you at bedtime?”
“Fairy tale?” He laughed with a grin. “Slow down, Starra, you are making no sense to my excellent hearing. Attack! Army? Dirk?” He shook a crowned blonde colored hairy skull with a stern face. “I’ve not received any reports from Ivy.”
I nodded and tossed my arms into the air again. “I saw Dirk’s army. He has amassed three thousand men, women and children….”
“Huh,” He back stepped and turned, moving and sat back down into the throne chair with a chuckle and a smile to Starra for fun, plopping both arms over the messy piles of mini-bots. Some of the mini-bots slip and fell off the desk surface, landing over the carpet without injury. He laughed. “Did you say three thousand men, women, and children that comprise a complete army? I have five hundred thousand men and women at my disposal, Starra, a mere thousand soldiers, which might probable not including little children, are not a threat to me or my empire.”
I dropped open a mouth, shaking my curls with annoyance and frustration. I sighed with smart-hole-ness.
Yeah, it is word.
Rann stood between the two sitting chairs in front of the king’s office desk, carefully studying the body language and the facial reactions of Bartholomew in silence.
Bartholomew held a palm with a stern face. “Back up, Starra! How were you able to see this army of Dirk’s?” I sighed with fabrication.
I tossed my hands up and down, side to side with a set of weirdly illustrated movements and a sour frown. “I was kidnapped by Dirk two days ago and taken to his hidden base. I witnessed the soldiers performing…”
“You were taken? Starra, I saw you, two days ago. You were badly wounded from the maser raid attack at the Game stadium building, which by the way is almost completely destroyed. Don’t worry. It will be rebuilt, after I fund the treasure chest.” He exhaled. “I do believe that you have hit your cute forehead a little too hard on one of the broken concrete slabs at the Game stadium, darling. If you were kidnapped, why didn’t you call me for help? I’d have leaped to your rescue like I always do.” Bartholomew chuckled with a smile and a nod. “So you say that Dirk and Rita had kidnapped you from where, your castle? The grassy dog park? At night? During the daylight hours? I’m sorry, Starra, but your story’s a little outrageous for my excellent hearing.”
I whispered for my eardrums only. “What grassy dog park?” I frowned. “Tele soldiers, who are not ordinary citizens, Bartholomew, they use Tele powers like telekinesis and telepathy and teleclairvoyance. Telemetabolics is for…”
“Those are fancy words within some kind of fun time fairy tale, Starra. I, too, have read entertaining stories filled with a gang of shiny in armor galaxy warriors, who hover and hurl an object like the size of a zipper into a tall building. All the pretty and handsome galaxy warriors can communicate, without comlens and comfones to each other using their mind language, without words. O! And they can tell the future also. Eventually, the gang of galaxy warriors can change it, destroy it, and re-create the galaxy in a blink of an eyeball…”
Rann leaned over and gently punched her elbow with a stern face, staring at the black tinted comlen on the side wall.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I turned and stared at the black tinted comlen that was not powered into life of moving objects.
The door slammed open.
The two guards stood inside the archway with a stern face, both pointing at the side wall with the large black colored object. The female said with a stern face and a serious tone. “Sire, there’s an urgent message for you on the comlen.” They both back stepped from the archway.
The door slammed closed with a boom.
Bartholomew sat inside the throne chair, turning with a smile to see the black tinted comlen on the wide wall, “Comlen display!”
The comlen blinked into life, displaying a face and shoulder of Ty with a dagger blade around his throat. The picture enlarged and showed Lord Dirk. I mean Emperor Dirk’s hand holding the sharp golden blade of the dagger around the dark skinned throat of Ty. I sighed with death.
“Emperor Dirk. Here, I attack, conquer, and control Ice, Resort, and Sahara over the Wall. My new spot in my universe with no social visitors, diplomatic parties or snooping spies. Citizens, not serving me, being loaded into six carriers which fly into the Wall. Make appropriate arrangements or my prisoners forever.” Static of wiggling rows of silver and gold painted the comlen.
I giggled with a grin and a nod to the black colored comlens. “I believe Dirk needs more grammar lessons utilizing past tense verb…”
Rann reached over and slapped a boot into the ankle of Starra for attention.
I turned and smiled to Rann.
Rann stared out with a stern face at Bartholomew.
Bartholomew turned with a worried brow and a whisper to see Rann. “I believe.”
I back stepped and hit the chair, sitting and slumping into the soft leather with a sad face, staring at the hurtful pain of Bartholomew, feeling his helpless and his vulnerable. His universe was changing. His reign was changing. His empire was changing. War viciously had invaded the universe, again, during the second alien time line like the first one. I sighed with repeat.
Bartholomew turned and cleared a throat to see Starra. “Starra, you relayed that there are three thousand warriors.”
“Used to be…” I smirked with a giggle and then frowned. “I would say that figure is slightly reduced to about one thousand or so warriors, if I have to guess who were accidentally eliminated…”
“Accidentally eliminated, what does that mean, Starra?” Bartholomew gasped.
I exhaled. “I just told you, B.A. I was taken to Dirk’s hidden base on planet Bio, Then I escaped successfully alive and well by creating a small effective little diversion, causing all the Tele warriors to get hurt, maimed, and maybe killed…”
“Citizens, my citizens were killed. You killed my citizens.” Bartholomew sneered.
Rann stood in place with a sneer at Bartholomew. “Soldiers, they are soldiers. The very same soldiers have now retaliated and attacked your citizens on the planet of Sahara, Resort…”
“Stay out of this, Rann!” Bartholomew looked at Starra and yelled at Rann with a sneer.
I frowned. “I survived a very hostile situation. Is that not important to you, Bartholomew? It’s very important to me. My life’s very important…”
“You killed children, Starra?” Bartholomew sneered.
I shook my curls. “No, the children were safe on Bio. I set a heavy bombardment of artillery…”
“You also killed with the use of deadly body killing weapons. What kind of deadly body killing weapons can you wand, Starra?”
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I turned to see the black tinted comlens again.
The throne door opened and slammed the painted walls.
The two guards moved and stood inside the archway again with a stern face. The female guard pointed to the black tinted comlens again with a serious tone. “Sire, Administrator Ty for you on the comlens.”
“Comlen display!” Bartholomew turned and yelled at the comlen.
The face and the collar bone of Ty appeared on the comlens again. He turned and scanned the interior room of the throne room in silence then found the person, saying with a stern face and a serious tone. “Rann, we’re moving out a fleet of beaten and battered zipper, passenger and carrier ships. We will land on Commerce within the hour.”
“Let me speak with Ivy!” Bartholomew sneered at Ty.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Ty looked down with a sad face at his boot toes and up to see Bartholomew. “I’m so sorry to tell you this information in this format, Sire. Baronetess Ivy was killed during the attack on Sahara. I offer my deepest sympathies, Your Highness.”
I turned and exhaled at Rann, Rann stared with a stern face at the comlens.
Bartholomew whipped a chin down into his chest and looked up to see Ty with a stern face and a whisper. “Thank you!”
Rann said to the rear skull of Bartholomew. “We will meet all the ships at Wall, Ty. Rann out!” Static of wiggling golden and silver rows painted the comlen. 
Bartholomew slammed a fist onto the desk, looking with an angry brow and jabbed a finger at Rann with a matching tone. “You are her husband. You are her protector. Where were you, Rann?”
“He was with me…” that did not come out correctly from my pink-painted lips.
“What!” Bartholomew turned and gasped at Starra.
I stood and danced fast on two booted feet, clarifying my stupid statement. “Rann got gravely wounded in the maser blast on the destroyed and non-rotating space station Militia. I was with him on the medical wing.” I sighed with innocence.
Bartholomew shook a crowed hairy skull, not hearing and not understanding. “On Militia, when Dirk attacked? The last time I saw you, Starra. I had personally escorted you to your castle. You were bandaged from head to toe with cloths from your injuries after the ram attack. How did you get on Militia?”
I exhaled with fury. “I repeat, again, B.A. I was kidnapped by Dirk from Commerce then placed on Bio and escaped to Resort. I was injured, weak, and scare from my solo experience. Rann was there and saved my life, Your Majesty. Does Rann’s courage not count for anything to you? Does my life not mean anything to you, Bartholomew?” I growled.
Ivy was dead. Rann was useless. I was mad. Bartholomew needed some solo time to absorb all this new data, this collected information, and this galactic mess in his universe for his action plan of War with Dirk. I sighed with doom.
I swung around with a stern face and a yell to see the closed archway, marching to the open doors. “I’m building you an army of might and awesome Tele warriors, also, Bartholomew, to fight the real enemy of the universe Emperor Dirk.” Rann pivoted around to face the door with a smile, marching behind the boot heel of Starra, catching up with her cheekbone.
I moved ahead, staring at the closed doors and lifted and reached one hand in front of my chin, executing a Tele shove on the closed doors. 
Both doors opened with the sound of boom, boom.
The royal honor guard split and jerked to the side wall, hitting the wall and getting out the way of Starra’s flaming fury.
Rann leaned over with a chuckle and a grin into her eardrum. “I’m impressed, Starra.”
“Supposed too!” I exhaled with a puff of fury and worry and annoyance.
They left the royal throne room, the royal castle and then moved ahead to the closed doors, where a solo and lonely zipper stood on top of the empty third floor concrete of the docking bay.
At the 6th hour (early morning), on the 3rd level royal docking bay, inside my zipper ship among the cool temperature with parted clouds without sunlight, the exterior door on the third floor patio slammed opened with a boom.
I continued to walk and wiggle the finger with a grin and a giggle.
Both the closed doors slid upright and stopped inside each slot on the zipper.
I stopped and slid into the pilot chair, reaching and slammed the gliding stick forward that activated the engine. I didn’t want to show off too much in front of my ‘bestest’ friend in the universe.
The three afterburners ignited in heat and light with a roar.
Rann scooted inside the co-pilot chair on the carrier, searching for the web netting with a smile and a chuckle. “Where to first, general?”
Both doors gently closed and locked in place. 
I turned and smiled at the nose profile of Rann. “First, we get you a change of clothes. It appeared to me that you slammed your body into a ram ship attack, hit a bulkhead, and died on medical wing on Militia,” giggling.
Rann lifted and reached, flexing both muscular biceps within her eyelashes. “I feel a little stiff from hitting that bulkhead with my healthy body.” I sighed with pleasure.
Hey, ya’ll, I could look at Rann, not touch Rann. I had a boyfriend who was not the friendliest guy at the moment, but that will change by tomorrow or the next day or the next day after that. I sighed with soonest.
I shoved the gliding stick forward as the nose cone of the carrier tilted upward from the concrete with a crunch sound. The crunch sound was the shredded concrete on the landing dock. The zipper soared up into the air waves with the birds. Actually the birds flew away from the roaring sound and the soaring zipper I steered the gliding stick to the left, flying over the rooftop of the royal castles, over the cobblestone yellow colored street, more castle rooftops, more manicured lawns, steering the stick backward.
The carrier halted in the air waves with a grunt.
The grunt was Rann. He turned with a frown to see the nose profile of Starra without words.
The carrier swiftly dropped down over the manicured lawn, burning the green grass and the pretty flowers.
The passenger door opened.
Rann jumped out with a grunt. “Come back in a few minutes, Starra.”
“Shore thing…”
He smiled and spun away from the zipper, jogging into his castle to clean up and changed his clothing.
I steered the gliding stuck forward watching with a smile the back spine on Rann.
Yeah, I can do that both.
I tilted up the nose cone on the zipper ship, viciously launching up from the burnt grass into the air waves, turning and flew with great speed through the air to my noblette castle.
On the 2nd floor at my noblette castle, I halted and hovered the zipper over the patio up into the clouds and jerked the gliding stick backward, gently landing on top of the second level patio, scaring the birds, the squirrel and flower petals. I reached and elbowed the door with a touch of Tele shove.
The door slid upright into open with very good well-oiled mechanics.
I leaped out and dashed forward to the open patio doors. The last set of rude and mean invaders didn’t bother closing the doors. I sighed with annoyance.
No matter, ya’ll. I was here for a single purpose.
I turned and dashed, stopping inside the archway of the kitchen with a puzzled brow. “Stang!” 
There was a massive amount of damage inside the kitchen which was completed destroyed, including the delicate eating dishes. The dishes stood in piles of tiny pieces of space dust. The appliances were overturned. The cabinets and drawers were suspended in the air like magic, because they were open and hung down by a single wooden stave and bend nails.
“The talisman, snot-hole Dirk is searching for it, too.” I back stepped with a whine and swung around, felling my cute skirt spin around and landed back against my naked legs. I dashed around the setoff ripped and torn living room furniture, the set of dining room chairs and table, the misplaced dirty sofa cushions, and the smashed a glass tea set, climbing up the stairs, running down the hallway to my private chamber with a yell. “Where is that thing?”
I turned and halted inside the archway with gasp of fear and fright. The rolled bed frame looked ugly on its side with an assortment of colorful fossilized bed crumbs from a couple of midnights snacks of she-ghosts or someone alive but dead now.
A ripped and shredded bed mattress, an opened chest of drawers, the overturned vanity table, the floored window treatments, I moved with a sigh of annoyance to the open closet and stopped, squatting in place, gathering all my scattered personal items, such as, the black shorts, the matching shirt, and a pair of black sneakers. I rolled the items into a ball and dump it into the clothing bag from my days of Tele Training on planet Earth.
I stood and turning, dashing out the damaged bedroom, sprinting across the hallway into Rosa’s old bedroom with same visual picture, as well as, Ann’s bed chamber. I noted all her stolen fancy clothes, expensive jewelry, furry capes, pretty hats, diamonds tiaras, high-heeled shoes, beautiful fans, and stupid umbrellas were gone and missing. I sighed with angry.
I lifted my clothing bag of workout clothes which seemed a heavier than normal to my kneecap and then a puzzled face, examining the numerous contents. The diamond tiara twinkled from the overhead sunlight inside the black colored bag. I reached inside and touched the silk gray gown as a gift from Rann for the Royal Coronation Ball of King Bartholomew
I had been danced and entertained by Rann, not Bartholomew, thinking that I shouldn’t care about the dress. But I did accept the lovely generous gift from my ‘bestest’ friend Rann. I sighed with beauty.
“Talisman.” I broke the daydream with a gasp. “Okay, I give up. My normal physical five senses are useless so then use my unusual four Teles.”
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
“Cookie jar!” I blinked open my eyelashes with a yell and a smile. I placed it there for my secretive safekeeping which worked, because I couldn’t remember. I sighed with happiness.
I turned and ran, leaping down two-by-two steps, landing onto the ground floor and turned, dashing into the kitchen and spotted the undamaged cookie jar. The cookie jar was tucked inside the wall corner.
I moved and stopped, standing in place, leaning over and touched the cookie jar, lifting the lid with a smile. I reached inside and lifted up a chocolate chip cookie with a giggle, bringing it to a mouth and held it there with a tongue of mouth drool and a part of closed lips. I reached down into the cookie jar for a second time, lifting up the talisman and felt the warm sensations of the lingering mental vibrations.
Relax, Tele germs were not contiguous.
I chewed the cookie with hum, turning and squatted, dropping the talisman down into the open personal bag and zipped the bag on the run toward the open patio doors.
I dashed out the doors into the cool air and bright sunlight, stopping and turned, sliding into the pilot seat of the zipper with a grin and a giggle and tossed the bag into the really small trunk space.
I jerked the gliding stick forward. The two doors slowly closed and locked in place. The nose cone tilted upward to the sky, lifting off the concrete and made a series f more black colored sizzling burn marks.
I believed that someone should move the landing pad at the castle down to the ground. Then I could burn the grass instead of the concrete.
I turned and flew through the air waves, over the cobblestone street, the rooftops, the manicured lawns and landed on a new portion of the green tinted lawn at the Agri castle like a butt-hole for my fun, opening the hatchway.
Rann ran from the castle and entered the zipper.
The door closed.
I slid the gliding stick forward, blasting off the manicured grass into the air, straight up into the clouds of the stratosphere, popping the three afterburners into a surprisingly series of shock waves over the cobblestone street of Commerce and finally among the stars. I sighed with delight.
Rann reached and grabbed the hand bar over the hair roots with a sour frown. “That was a little fast, don’t you think, Starra?”
“I like fast, faster, fastest,” I turned and winked at him for a split second, returning both eyeballs to outer space with a stern face. “And the citizens have better get used to it. Dirk is coming the fastest of all. He doesn’t care about aftershocks, manicured landscapes, or citizens.”
Rann reached over and grabbed the hand bar over the hair roots with a stern face. “I’m beginning to understand your irrational logic.”
Day One of Tele Training


Planet Bonita abandoned warehouse setting
7th hour, early morning
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine


The space trip lasted thirty minutes to Planet Bonita.
Rann brought a mini-comlen, looking down at it with a stern face between his hands and tapped with grunting sounds inside the passenger seat.
I steered the star ship in silence with as stern, diving down into the atmosphere of planet through the white clouds, flying underneath the clouds, passing the Bonita castle which was a direct route toward the abandoned warehouse.
He turned and stared down at the landscape with a puzzled brow. “Has the Bonita castle burned down to the ground?”
I steered with a smile. “I guess.” I did not kiss and tell. “I’m flying to an abandoned warehouse in the south part of Bonita to begin your Tele training as the first Tele warrior for Bartholomew’s new Tele army.”
“I see.” Rann continued to stare at the burnt castle and surrounding black tinted ground.
I smirked with amusement. Bartholomew used that same phrase when he didn’t understand my girly Tele actions. I jerked the gliding stick backward. The zipper halted in mid-air and rocked side to side, falling down toward the dirt and bumped the landing gear over the dust, creating a bowl of brown tornados.
He reached and grabbed the overhead handle, scanning his body for damage with a sour frown. “I’ll let you train me as a Tele warrior, as long as, I can teach you how to land a ship.”
The zipper finally plopped and rested inside a bubble of brown dirt on top of the ground and as, I giggled with a grin, gliding the stick into the center.
Both ship doors slid upright and locked in silence.
I rolled out from the pilot chair, standing and executed a Tele dash over the dry dirt, the front porch rotten planks, slamming a hand into the broken door. The door opened. I flew through the air into the unlocked warehouse with sets of broken windows, busted cabinets, and ripped walls a few feet from the three stationary star ships that blocked my foot path with a sour frown and stopped.
Rann scooted out from the zipper ship and stood, slowly trailing behind Starra ahead, jumping over the rotten woods of the front porch and stopped, standing inside the broken archway with a puzzled brow. He scanned the single room and parked both fists at a fit waist, “Not much of a training base…”
I was halted in mid-air, slowly performing a Tele drop onto the floor and dropped the bag next to my boot, standing in front of the three star ships, in which, Emperor Dirk didn’t know about and had not stolen.  I frowned. “I need space, not beauty to accomplish our goal.” I swung my curls, scanning the room.
Rann moved and stopped, standing in place and dropped a golden tinted bag next to Starra with a stern face. “I’ll have to remember that one. Is that an old Earth expression as well?” He swung a face and scanned the room with a stern face.
I looked up with a smile to see the dirty ceiling. “Made it up! This training program is going to be impromptu until the end.”
“The end of what, Starra?” He continued to scan the single room with a stern face.
“The end of the War!” I grinned.
“I see.” Rann continued to scan the room with a stern face.
Rann and Bartholomew thought alike. No wonder, they were good friends…naw…enemies. Rann and Bartholomew were not friends, anymore.
Rann did not cause the death of his wife Baronetess Ivy. I did not cause her death or the hatred between good friends or the war. This was duo idea of Dirk and Rita’s friendship. I sighed with doom.
“Watch this trick.” I stared up at the ceiling and tossed both arms over my hair roots with a giggle and a grin. The wide rooftop sky panel slowly opened as the warm yellow colored sunlight beamed and didn’t burn the dusty floor. I executed a Tele lift on the dead zipper up from the floor with the freaking brown dust. It looked like contained array of a brown colored dust storm inside the room.
Rann coughed and whipped a face for drama.
Not one single of brown dirt grain was hitting his face or my new outfit. I sighed with cleanliness.
I continued the Tele lift, levitating the ship straight up in a vertical pose to the ceiling and through the open sky panel. It disappeared from eyesight. However, my Tele sight saw and my wiggling hands controlled the dead zipper.  I performed a Tele shove, flying the zipper over the rooftop, over the tree tops, over the dirt and then executed a Tele drop down to the dust outside the abandoned warehouse.
Rann spun around from Starra, trotting forward and stopped, standing in front of the broken window, staring with a smile at the parked zipper in one piece on the ground.
I did a better star ship parking with my Telekinesis than using the conventional landing gear. I lowered both arms and wiggled all fingers for drama, repeating the telekinesis procedure for both the carrier and passenger ships inside the big warehouse, but not before extracting two of the sleeping benches from the passenger cabin for our resting furniture. Then I clapped the pretend dirt off my hands and swung around with a smile and a nod, thumbing over a collar bone to the two cots. “I have a training base now.”
“Complete with sleeping cots, I gather.” Rann pointed at the cots with a slight grin, exhaling with a huff of nervousness and dropped both arms to the side. “What is the first step for creating a Tele army?”
I squatted and unzipped my bag, reaching inside and lifted up the golden tinted talisman into the air with a smile. He frowned with more worry. I stood with a nod and a stern face. “The red Book states that a person receives an ability or a death.”
He exhaled with a big huff of worry. “I am ready, I guess.”
I spun around and marched to one of the cots. “Okay, lay down.”
He followed behind Starra, scooting to the nearest cot, climbing over the clean sheets, resting a body over the cot, folding both arms and hands over his chest and closed his eyelids in silence.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when Lady Rosa had opened up her palm and held a shiny golden colored talisman.

Then I had grabbed it and remembered seeing, feeling, hearing, smelling, and tasting vivid sensations beyond my five normal physical senses.

Her Tele powers had transferred into, onto, around, under and over my body and my mind and my soul.

Rosa had termed the “transference process” meaning to carry, remove, or shift a talent from one person, position, or place into another person, position, or place.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present second alien timeline, where I had found Lady Rosa dead here again.
Then I had touched the talisman inside her palm again and then received another shift of her Tele energy again inside the second alien timeline.
So I dangerous concluded that the outcome of the transference process would killed you in the end. Rosa was dead. I was alive. I sighed with scary.
Based on my past, current, and future facts, the talisman shifted the power from one person to another person while sucking the “shifter” (that’s me) dry of the “shiftee” (that’s dead Rosa) of his or her Tele power. So if I touched the forehead of the resting person with the talisman, then Rann received all my Tele powers by mistake or purpose plus I would die next. I sighed with alarm. 
I lifted the golden object into my face, studying with a mind and two eyeballs the golden talisman. It appeared as a round, light weight poundage and contained a set of two tiny holes that were drilled on the top and bottom of the diameter. So both the drilled out circles could attach to something like a single strand of cord to the object without the shifter getting shifted into death.
I swung around as my skirt flew into the air and down onto my legs. I dashed into the kitchenette, stopping and stood, stretching out a hand. I opened each cabinet door with a shout. “Rann, do you see a cord over there? Rann, I need a cord for the talisman to perform the ‘whatever it’ performs. Do you have a cord? Rann, are you in there?” I swung around, dashing from the kitchenette and into the museum room, stopping and stood at the cot, looking down with a stern face at him.
Rann was resting in the same spot without moving and lightly snorting. He had endured too much fun lately with the rescue of a lady, the battle on a station, the smack of a bulkhead, the healing of a Tele, the death of a wife, the finale of a friendship, and now, the training of a warrior.
I turned my eyeballs, scanning the room for a piece of thin cord, hearing my breathing. I sighed with frustration.
“Will this due?” He lifted a bicep, flexing the muscle with a smirk and a chuckle, holding a white thin cord in a left hand.
I reached down and viciously popped his bicep while pretending a fun nap like a purr kitten.
He frowned. “Ouch, that hurt, Lady Starra.” He reached and rubbed the injured bicep with a grin and a chuckle.
I reached out and snatched the cord from his hand, tying and secured the leather strip inside both tiny holes that was located at the ends of the talisman. I lifted it into the air as it slowly turned looking like a stable and steady rock with a smile and a nod. “You get to be my first pretty victim, Rann.”
Rann shifted upright on both elbows with a sour frown to see Starra. “I don’t like that term, victim, Lady Starra,” he leaned back down and closed the eyelids with a huff, resting both arms over a naked chest.
“How about my first student?” I smiled. “Could the baby be a tiny bit scared?”
“Starra, you are scary.” Rann chuckled with closed eyelids.
I leaned down and maneuvered the cord as the slightly rotating talisman rested on top of his forehead. I gasped. The golden metal actually stuck and pressed down into his dark skin like a metal bandage, whipping the leather strip from my hand.
I back stepped from that freaking action, staring down at the golden metal and his face. Rann was sound asleep without grunts or body spasms. I sighed with good.
A few second later, the talisman jumped from the depressed skin on top of his forehead, sliding backward and fell over his hair roots, landing behind the pillow on top of the cot.
I gasped with freaking more shock, slowly leaning down into his serene face with a whisper and a tongue of mint breathe. “Rann, done!” I leaned closer down to his soft lips without kissing them and whisper softly. “Rann!” I shouted into his cheekbone. “Rann!” He continued to slumber peacefully through the noise. I softly moaned. “Dang, he’s dead.”
I reached up and pressed down one hand over his naked chest at the heart region, feeling warmth and rhythm. His chest muscles slowly moved up and down in a regular pattern. I could hear his strong heart beat through my Tele touch and touched his pulse throb. I could see the blood flow in and out of his pumping heart. His eyelids swept swiftly side to side within a sleep state.
So the transference process had slipped Rann into a purposeful comatose state, where I had observed with each Sickness patients during the first alien timeline.
I stood and bounced up and down, waving both arms in the air and a smile and silently mouthed: yes.
I dropped both of my arms, turning around, moved ahead into the kitchenette for the breakfast meal. I didn’t know how long Rann would sleep. The other Sickness patients were asleep for two days.
Day Two of Tele Training 


Abandoned warehouse
Museum room setting
6th hour, early morning
Cool temperatures with bright sunlight with clouds


I slept peacefully inside the stiff cot, feeling a warm breath on a cheekbone.
The warm breath attacked an eardrum with a soft whisper. “Good morning, Starra!”
I flipped to the side as my mouth drool followed my face and my lips, blinking the eyelashes open.
A bright smile and a pair of dancing eyeballs stared at Starra in silence.
I slightly recalled within my sleepy brain cells the escape, the raid, the rescue, the chat, the talisman, the transference, the sleep. Then I bolted upright too fast as the made-shift cot flung to the side of the floor, executing a Tele catch with telekinesis, catching a falling body and replaced the falling cot. I sat upright with a smile at Rann, who looked refreshed and glowed with a faint whitish light. I sighed with magic.
Rann squatted down on both kneecaps at her cot with a smile and a whisper. “I sense something, Starra.”
I smiled with intrigue and a nod, rolling off and stood beside the cot, wearing my new gray skirt and matching top without the leather boots.
Rann wore a pair of golden-tinted running shorts, a matching shirt that covered his naked chest, and a pair of short hiking boots that were attached to a pair of nice legs, saying with a smile and a nod of excitement. He didn’t jump up and down like a silly high school teen. “Hurry up, Starra! Do I? Do you think that I possess a Tele power?”
I reached down and lifted the bag, back dancing into the shared bathroom.
The door closed.
I changed from the gray outfit and into a pair of black colored running shorts, a short sleeved top and a pair of black colored sneaker, my Tele wardrobe from planet Earth.
The door opened.
I stood inside the archway with a smile, moving forward and pointed down at the bench which served as a bed and a sofa. He moved and sat down at his bench too with a smile and a nod in silence. I stopped and sat on top of my bench with a smile and a nod to Rann. “There are four types of Tele….”
I felt a pair of two warm finger pads sweep across my naked stomach and as I giggled with a grin.
He ticked her exposed rib cage with a wink and a smile. “Are you trying to impress, Starra? Because, it’s most definitely working.”
I whipped a chin down to my stomach. The sleeveless top had been ripped even with my tenth rib down, going down to the waistband of the shorts, frowning at the exposed suntanned skin.  I hear the male grunt, looking up with a sour frown to see Rann. “Stang!” I reached down and pulled the two loose ends, tying a lope-sided knot over my exposed skin as Rann grunted. I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, tossing my arms into the air with a sneer. “Eyeballs here, Rann.” I illustrated with my arms, a nervous habit. “The four types of Tele powers are telemetabolics which is the ability to heal the physical body of you, a friend, an animal, or in this case, even an enemy,” giggling.
He shook his black skull with a sour frown. “You expect me to heal thy enemy. Then, I’ll fail as a student of telemetabolics.”
I nodded with a giggle. “I created a monster.” I turned and scanned with eyeballs the closed drawers and cabinets inside the kitchenette, executing a Tele shove of telekinesis, waving a hand side to side.
All the drawers and cabinets opened.
I reached inside with a Tele hand and grabbed the object from the drawer, lifting and floated it across an empty room into my hand, a steak knife. I reached and held the object with a right hand, releasing the Tele hold, reaching over and sliced the steak knife across the top of my left side forearm painfully, ya’ll.
One inch of red blood trickled over my arm, on the cot, and over the floor.
I exhaled with a grunt of pain. “Place your palm over bleeding me.” He reached over ad placed both hand over the bleeding wound with a worried brow. I exhaled and grunted in pain. “Think, heal inside your mind! Close your eyeballs! Breathe in, breathe out, relax, calm, concentrate, and focus your thoughts on healing my cut. See the arm. Feel the arm. Heal the arm.” He closed his eyelids, exhaling and inhaling, breathing with a steady pace. I watched and waited for a few seconds, feeling faint from the swift blood loss, reaching and lifted up both arms of Rann. He opened his eyelids. I dropped the steak knife and reached over, pressing down a healing hand over my own bleeding wound, executing a Tele shot of telemetabolics healing.
All the severed blood vessels concatenated and closed. My skin rippled and smoothed back into place like a new growth of skin.
I removed my hand from the injured arm with a smile, displaying no black colored marks or pink tinted scars or red colored cut.
He reached over and gently caressed her new skin that show light traces of dried blood with a smile and a nod. “I’m impressed, Starra, with the Tele power of telemetabolics that you called the healing touch.”
I smiled. “I can heal anyone, including the enemy.” He caressed her new skin with a nod and a smile I said. “Another Tele ability is called teleclairvoyance where you can see a future event that includes places, persons, and other stuff.” I turned with eyeballs and scanned the room, pondering how to demo future seeing.
He continued to caress her healed arm with a sour frown and a matching tone. “See into the future? How in the universe can anyone citizen know what’s going to happen next week, tomorrow, or within the hour? I don’t believe this Tele ability is possible, Starra. I believe in healing someone. You demonstrated that fact but to see the future. I question truthfully the application of this Tele talent.”
I jerked my arm from his soft and warm hands, swinging around and pointed up at the top comlen inside the wall corner above the set of black cabinets with a smile. “Comlens capture any and all events, sometimes, during the online action throughout the planets. Agreed?” He nodded in silence. I say. “I will predict the next event before your eyeballs as I visually see the live performance inside the powered off and black tinted dead comlen. Look over there at the comlen in the corner wall as a demonstration of use of the Tele power of teleclairvoyance.” I executed a Tele shove with telekinesis, flicking a finger and pressed the mechanical button.
The comlen powered up.
Rann could see and hear the Nbot or news robot. The Nbot were reporting the current news events.
I shifted and touched my Tele finger onto the next button, decreasing the sound volume switch down to zero, withdrawing my Tele beam and turned to face Rann with a stern face.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I performed a Tele view using my awesome Tele power of teleclairvoyance (future event) 
There were numerous Nbots floating around a fleet of ground ships, a gang of cheering citizens, and a standing King Bartholomew. Bartholomew was smiling and happy about his daily update of the on-going royal events around the galaxy, discerning another boring day in galaxy with a secret.
I executed with a Tele scan on his open active mind with my telepathy and then scream with panic. “No!” I fell down and dropped off from the cot with kneecaps, landing hard on the tile with a whisper and a sad face. “Too late!”
Rann dropped down, leaning and hugged her into his chest.
I whispered with a sob with a set of wet tears. “The other Militia space station on this side of the Wall has will explode killing thousands.” I executed a Tele shove with telekinesis, increasing the volume control button on the comlen to the highest setting.
Nbot halted and hovered on top of the floor with a tenor drone. “News alert, this is a news alert. The space station of Militia has exploded. The station used to house thousands of pilots, their family members plus the new in-training sky and land personnel. Included in the death list are the visiting friends and families for the opening festival of the new training base for the king’s newly formed unit sky troop of troopers. This tragedy happened, three seconds ago. I will repeat news alert…”
I waved a hand, executing a Tele push. The volume button depressed on the comlen.
Rann reached over and hugged Starra.
They turned and watched the screen together in silence.
There were a series of colorful explosions repeat over and over again that surrounded the other space station Militia. I sighed with sorrow.
Rann whispered with a sad face into her eardrum. “I believe you, Starra, in the visions of the future.” He pulled back with a sad face to see her wet and swollen red colored face. He nodded. “You saw the space station explode, before it was told on the current and active newscast. I can see on the comlen the fire, more violent explosions and some of the floating dead bodies throughout outer space.” He leaned over and cuddled her again. I sobbed and cried from the bad pain and memory. He continued to watch the silent screen, whispering softly into her eardrum. “We…you don’t have to continue my training.”
I continued to feel with my telemetabolics touch within the air wave of Bartholomew’s crude intentions against his own citizens of the galaxy.


I mentally back flashed past into last week, within the second alien timeline, when Empress Rita, who controlled every bot, every comlen, and every piece of equipment of her property, had left intentional a set of suicidal bots within the hidden compartments throughout space station Militia.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present, I executed a Tele probe that Bartholomew was still filled with hatred and angry for the death of his biological sister during the battle with Dirk and Rita.
I sobbed the words between the wet tears. “Bartholomew is going to get every citizen within the galaxy killed or worse enslaved into Dirk and Rita’s empire.” I reached and wiped off the tears from both cheekbones, whipping a chin with a tongue of mint breath to see Rann. “We have to build an army of Tele warriors to win. So we will work on your next Teel power of teleclairvoyance. I need to go and come right back.”
Rann stood and assisted Starra to stand, hugging her into his chest.
On the 8th hour (mid-morning) inside the room, I struggled side to side, breaking away from his warm hug, turning and dashing toward the partial open and broken front door, drying a face with the bottom of the shirt and executed a Tele jump into the air. I run my legs through the air waves, moving through the archway and into the outside weather of heat and hot sunshine, finding a wonderful test for Rann’s Tele exam. I continued to Tele fly through the air, turning my eyeball and scanned the low grounds for a test specimen. I sighed with surprise.
The untimely deaths of both Ann and Rosa had freed planet Bonita of the three-way bonded Tele connection which was draining all of the natural resources. Planet Bonita had continuously fought back, spreading the invading toxic poisons throughout the biological bodies of both Ann and Rosa that had eventually killed the female nobles permanently. 
Now, the brown world of Bonita had leaped into a pretty spring time, bringing young life back again upon woodlands with baby birds, baby squirrels and baby insects and as I reached up and slapped the dang baby fly flat against my forehead. I sighed with happiness.
I viewed a set of new grass greenletts, a row of tiny green bushes, a plot of new green tree buds, and a batch of baby wild life that run over the dark brown fertile ground between the blooming flower trees and blue skies and halted with a smile. I felt happily the single life growing on top of the high tree branch tree limb.
I reached up into the skyline, since I was twenty feet up from the dirt, grabbing the single life, tucking and carried the precious item with great caution and awesome care into my chest, slowly executing a Tele swing and a Tele fly toward the warehouse.
I continued to Tele fly over the green grass, the pretty flowers, the broken wooden planks of the front porch, through the broken door and into the warehouse with a smile and halted in the air, slowly performing a Tele drop to the floor. I moved forward on a pair of sneakers to my cot, scooting around and sat with the precious cargo and a smile on the opposite side of Rann. “Please, cup your hands.”
Rann frowned at her hands. “An egg?”
I smiled, “Good eye sight, Rann! I believed that you used your normal sense of sight for that observance. Now, please, demonstrate your Tele power of teleclairvoyance.” He continued to frown at the egg. I exhaled. “Teleclairvoyance is a vision of future events. This egg is going to hatch in a few seconds with a new baby creature. I want you to tell me what kind of animal. Once it hatches, we can verify your imagery picture result,” giggling.
He exhaled with a huff of doubt, extending both hands to Starra. I reached out and handed the egg into a pair of his warm palms with a smile in silence.  He pulled both hands into his chest, closing his eyelids, concentrating his mind on the tiny mammal.
I watched and waited for a few second.
The egg shell started to crack open, exposing a series of small spider lines and as, my Tele ears heard the noise. My Tele eyeballs saw the tiny lines inside the hand of Rann. The baby pushed hard against the top of the shell with its skull.
I smiled, “A blue bird.” Then the baby bird quickly popped its skull up and out of the tiny egg shell, squawking in baby bird language for its mama to eat. I reached over and gently took the baby from his hands, standing and turned, executing a Tele lift and a Tele fly out the warehouse and inside the sunshine again.
I stopped and stood in the air (hovered), gently reaching up and parked the baby bird back into its nest, performing a Tele air back from the angry mama bird as she flew down from the skyline toward my nose. I swiftly performed a Tele spin and a Tele race away from the mama bird with a giggle. I sighed with life.
I executed a Tele fly through the open doorway and performed a Tele halt in the air, gently landing on top of the floor, clapping my hands with a smile and a nod, moving to Rann. “The next Tele power is called telepathy.” I scooted and sat back down on top of my personal bench across from Rann as he appeared bland and numb. I reached out and gently touched his arm with a smile. “I’m going to think of something. You read my mind. Close our eyes! Breathe in, breathe out, relax, calm, concentrate, and focus your thoughts on pretty me.” Rann smiled with a nod in silence, closing his eyelids. I said. “See me. Feel me. Read me,” giggling.
I connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Rann: 4,398,123.
Rann blinked his eyelids open with a gasp, staring beyond Starra to the far wall. Then he connected, linked, and then Tele talked back to Starra: 4,389,123.
Then he stood and lifted both arms into the air with a shout of excitement. “4,398,123.”
I stood and lifted both arms into the air with a smile and a rebel yell. “Boo-wah, you got it.  You can read minds.”
Rann dropped his arms to the side and narrowed his eyelids with a sour frown. “Boo what? Boo on you? What does that mean, Starra? I have never heard that sound before.”
I parted my pink-painted lips with a giggle. “Boo, boo, bonus for you.” I swung around with a puff of stupid, facing the broken door, clapping my hands, and as I distracted Rann from my silly rebel yell, covering my obvious Earth expression. I spun around with a smile to see him. “You can read minds, Rann. Awesome for you and me.”
Rann frowned. “I can read anyone’s mind. Does that mean I can read un-telepathic minds, as well?”
I nodded with a grin. “Okay, that’s some weirdo logic, but yes, you can read both a telepathic and a non-telepathic mind which is a most wondrous gift of telepathy to possess, Rann. Congratulations!”
He turned and encircled his cot and Starra with a smile and a nod. “Think of something else? So I can read your mind, Starra.”
I stood in place and closed my eyelashes.
I connected, link, and then Tele talked to Rann: The king is loco.
He bounced around the cot, lifting both arms with a yell, after reading the sentence inside his mind from her Tele send. “The king is loco. You were thinking the simple statement. Then I picked up right out of your mind. Incredible!” He turned and stopped behind the cot and in front of Starra, lifting and touching his black hairy skull with a smile. “The king is loco. I hear the words very clear and very concise inside my mind. Unbelievable!” He dropped both arms at the side with a sour frown to her. “Starra, that statement isn’t a nice comment to make about your boyfriend.”
I giggled at my naughty but nice behavior to my ‘bestest’ friend. “Rann, the Book states that a person might exhibit one or two Tele abilities.”


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when Prince Rann indeed had possessed the two Tele abilities of telepathy and telekinesis.


Then I mentally flashed back present, I saw him with a smile. Rann stood in place with a stern face of silence. I nodded with a grin. “I used my ability of telekinesis to float the zipper up and outside. So you should try it yourself for fun.” I sighed with amusement.
He looked down with a stern face to see the bench on the floor that held Starra, executing a Tele lift from the floor on the bench with Starra and a Tele float up into the air about five feet. I reached down and grabbed the edge of the floating bench with a gasp and a sour frown. Rann executed a Tele drop on the bench, lowering it and Starra down to the floor with a huff of heavy breathing and slapped a chest with a chuckle and a nod. “I did it.”
I frowned. “Yeah, you did it.”
Day Three of Alien Tele Training 


Abandoned warehouse
Window setting
Cold temperatures with partly clouds
6th hour (early morning)


The terrain is so different from the desert. The green fields are beautiful.” Rann had awoken earlier than Starra, standing in front of the broken window, seeing through the spidery cracks. There was an array of pretty fields with wildflowers and greenery.
I rolled off the cot, standing and rubbed the sleepy crumbs from my eye sockets, moving forward and stopped, standing beside Rann with a yawn, staring at the window with a blank face. I enjoyed the picture, containing rows and rows of ankle length green, growing inside the warehouse yard, over the gravel driveway, inside the hiking path, on top of the hills and as far as the eyeballs could see toward the landscape.


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, the broken window on the abandoned warehouse had showed a landscape of barren and dry dirt hills and brown dirt pastures within an abandoned dead world.


Then I mentally flashed back into present, I gasped with awe. The planet was growing and prospering very fast with new life. I looked down with a smile to see the dirty floor.
Bonita had re-generated, herself. The new world could have given new life for the hopeful but dying earthlings. They could had survived here and lived out a bio-shell, including millions of men, women, and children with my family members of Ming and Maritza, who needed a new home, before the predictable implosion. I sighed with sadness.
Rann gasped in shock, turning to see the hair roots of Starra, feeling her sadness with his puzzlement. He leaned over and touched her collar bone with a smile, executing a Tele probe with his open thoughts and feelings observing the land, the sky, and the entire planet. “I can feel everything, the birds, the insects, the plants and the swaying of the high grassy weeds.”
I felt his excitement through his physician hand touch and tucked my own sadness down into the depths of my semi-conscious, hiding it from my new awesome Tele student with the cute pair of legs, since I was an old pro with Tele powers. I exhaled with a puff of courage at my naked feet and turned with a fake smile. “You passed with flying colors, Rann.”
“You’re a very talented girl, Starra.” Rann leaned over and stared out the window with a smile, again.
“Fine, read my talented mind, prince?” I smirked.
He turned with a gasp and a worried brow to see Starra. “Masers?” I nodded in silence. He frowned. “I’m going to test my new Tele powers with a maser bean.”
“Yes.” I nodded with a smile.
He executed a Tele probe into her open mind with a gasp and a sour frown. “Live shots?”
I lifted a finger and reached up, tapping on his cheekbone with a giggle and a grin. “Yes, the set of maser beams will come and attack you, sweetheart!”
On the 6th, late morning, inside meadow field of half pretty wildflowers and half brown dirt, a large rock boulder soared down from the baby blue sky and landed over the dirt, where it had come from the mountains, yeah, baby.
I sat each flying object down into the dirt, creating a series of baby swirls, after I had performed a Tele lift of each object with my Telekinesis.
The pilot chair came from the carrier ship. I promised to put back inside the cockpit.
There was a sleeping cot and a chest of medical supplies without the medical supplies, where each stood beside the kitchenette stove top oven. And finally a dead zipper ship was last in the line-up.
They stood outside in the pretty sunshine. Rann stood in the middle of the line of equipment pieces with a stern face.
I stood beautifully within the blasting morning sunlight and tanning my pale skin into a golden brown tone and off to the side, readying to catch any falling equipment pieces, ricocheting off my nose bridge, in case, saying with a stern face and pointed at each object. “Raise.”
“Raise?” He stared at each object with a stern face.
I was a great awesome mind reader, saying with a smile and a nod. “Yes, I’m using the kitchenette oven which doesn’t work within our…I mean your Tele exercises.” I clapped for attention coming back to me, since I was the Tele pro and Rann was the Tele newbie. “Raise each…”
He pointed at the object with a sour frown in silence.
I nodded with a grin. “Yeah, I wanted to use the refrigerator since it was bigger than the stove oven, but the food would spoil, Rann. Lookie, I don’t wanna hear no more questions, comments, opinions, or finger points. Good! Can you, my new novice student, try as bestest as you canniest and levitates each object to your maximumness…?”
He frowned at each lazy equipment piece. “Those are not words, Starra, at least not a set of Bonita words,” chucking. “Is it alien by chance?”
I ignored the touchy alien reference, crossing the arms with a stern face. “Raise each object by your maximumness breakiest tolerance baby blue sky high point within your Tele powers?” I watched and waited for one second.
He narrowed his eyelids, concentrating his eyeballs on the object, lifting freaky everything all at once into the air before her eyelashes.
I parted my lips with a gasp, turning with a snarl to see his nose profile. He chuckled with amusement and then lowered all the objects, nicely.  I sighed with annoyance.
I pirouetted. Girls pirouetted. Boys pivoted. I gracefully pirouetted with a smile and a chuckle to face a long table that I had designed yesterday during his catnap for the numerous Tele exercises.
I stood in place and violently flung off the pretty white cloth that I found inside the kitchette from the table surface, without disturbing the deadly weapons of mass destruction, which is a non-magic trick, ya’ll.
Then I pirouetted for a second time toward the growing green pastures and rudely pointed at the three rows of target dummies. The dummies were stuffed and mounted with lots of yellow weeds, tons of green grass, and an assortment of dead bugs that I didn’t touch, ya’ll. I used my Tele powers to collect and cover each ugly dummy-thing in worn and ripped and sewn together with flowering vines on white linen from the rest of the cots, but our current sleeping benches.
The four rows of dummies were strategically situated at equal long distances from harming me. I sighed with importance.
I swung my curls around with a smile and a nod to see the nose profile of Rann as he found the row of dummies too. “I have a complete set of sharp pretty golden daggers, beautifully hand crafted jeweled sabers, and finally the four-some deadly masers, all colors of red, blue, and white. Oops, wrong colors, there, I mean red, blue, green, and yellow.” I twisted to face the four rows of dummies too with a stern face and a new order of rude southern bell manners. “Toss the first table of weapons at the first set of dummies, then repeat that procedure, until all the weapons are gone from each table and all the dummies are burned. Don’t worry! I’ll stop the fires before the planet burns up,” giggling.
Rann studied the weapons, the dummies, and returned his eyelids back to the weapon table and the dummies, turning with a smile to see Starra in silence.
I stomped my naked foot and frowned. “Make it quick, Rann! I’m hungry for lunch.” I sighed with annoyance.
He chuckled. “Make it quick? You want to eat. You are always eating, Starra. It’s a wonder that you’re not as plump as Ivan.” He turned with a chuckle and a grin, targeting the row of yellow stuffed dummies within his brown eyeballs. I sighed with embarrassment. 
He lifted and waved a hand side to side at Starra, signaling her to back up from the outer limits of the pitching range. I paced backward into the dark shadows underneath a tall over story tree and a tall patch of pretty wildflowers. He continued to motion side to side for Starra to move further away from the table of weapons.
I stepped back, hitting both shoulder blades into the tree bark with a sour frown and a yell. “What are you doing, measuring a set of table cloths for a tea party? Just throw the dang weapons, Rann.”
All the weapons lifted from the table and sailed through the air waves and then struck, punched, kicked, and fired a series of colorful deadly beams of metal blades and maser waves at each target dummy, all at the same time. The dummies were impaled with a stabbing hilt of golden dagger, a silver sword, and pounded with a red, blue, green, and yellow maser ray as each yellow and green bundle of dry weeds flamed into a brilliant tower of fiery fire below the baby blue sky.
“Stang!” I stared with a gasp at the awesome blue and yellow burning fires and black and brown smoking stacks of the dummy exhibition.
He turned with a sour frown to see the nose profile of Starra. “Starra, I asked you not to use that word.”
“O!” I mouth silently the letter and blushed in a pinky tone, staring at the burning barge of smoking weeds and turned with a smile to see Rann. “Why?”
He frowned. “The meaning is not suitable to be told to a lady and a lady should not ask to be told. Therefore, please, discontinue using that word.”
“Fine, Rann,” I tossed my arms in the air with a nod and a smile of happier thoughts. “Your performance is outstanding, remarkable, astonishing, incredible, amazing and beyond belief.” I sighed with pride.
Rann turned with a nod, moving and spun around, extending an arm to Starra with a smile. I grabbed his arm.
He pulled Starra closer into his face with a smile.
They moved ahead, strolling through the tall grass and the bright sunshine back to the abandoned warehouse.
He said. “I suggest lunch. I’ve worked up a great big appetite, milady.”
On the 10th hour (mid-day) inside the building at the kitchen counter during lunchtime, they both had changed and bathed from the morning workout, wearing a set of proper attire, sitting beside the free standing cabinet counter in front of the wall of comlens, facing each other inside a tall stool, eating the mid-day meal.
I chewed the food, facing Rann with a set of good southern belle manners.
Rann lifted the napkin and wiped a mouth, saying with a stern brow, facing Starra. “I think that we should begin with a small group, maybe twenty citizens, Starra.” I nodded and chewed in silence. He said. “I would like to invite Ty and some of my more loyal staff members from Sahara. Is that all right with you, Starra?” I nodded and swallowed in silence, eating again. He said. “Some of the personnel are former inmates of the prison. I hope you don’t mind, Starra.”
I shook my curls and chewed in silence.


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when I had been a traitor and jailed inside the prison tower of the palace of King Rex like an alien princess.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present, I watched him.
Rann chewed and swallowed the food with a nod. “We are building a secret army of Tele warriors. I believe that the first rule of secrecy is not betraying our people. Dirk will deduct that our warriors possess one of the many talents of Tele abilities. We should not identify our warrior by a name of the true Tele talent. We should use code names.” I chewed with a nod. He said. “For example, a telepath could be called a tracker. A telekinesis person should be called a mover. Seer, a citizen with the Tele powers of teleclairvoyance, and a healer for the powers of Telemetabolics. Are you listening to me, Starra?”
I nodded and swallowed the good lump of food down my esophagus.
He said. “If I understand your crude and barbaric Tele training lessons, there aren’t any more training activities for me that might, include throwing rocks, lifting ships, or swaying maser rays. Am I correct, Starra?” I nodded and chewed in silence.
He said. “Then I am and must be ready to face the challenge of training Tele warriors. After all, I was in charge of any entire planet of prisoners. So, I’ll start processing the twenty candidates for our new Tele program.” He stood. I stood and chewed. Rann extended a hand for some reason. I extended a hand with sticky white sauce from the delicious chicken sandwich. He stared at her contaminated hand.
I reached over and wiped the sauce on the used napkin with a loud burp, instead of a giggle, flaming in red in color on a face. “Congratulations, Rann.” I shoved a hand toward Rann. He gingerly touched the two clean finger pads of Starra.
My Tele senses felt admiration, lust, and desire. Whoa, baby. I cut off my Tele link to Rann. I exhaled with a puff of chicken breath with a nod and a smile. “I certify you as the first graduated trainee of my Tele Training Program. You are a fully pledged Tele warrior like me.” I giggle. “You enlist the new candidates. I’ll meet with Bartholomew and update him on our progress and your accomplishments.”
Rann reached over and wiped his greasy hands on the cloth with a smirk. “Do you want me to join you for that visit with Bartholomew? The last encounter wasn’t very pleasant…”
“Naw,” I shook my curls, cleaning both hands and a face with the streaming cloths, removing the chicken parts and white sauce. “Bartholomew is much more mellower for seeing me…us. He needs my…our program to work. He needs my…our Tele warriors to fight against Dirk’s Tele army. Even thou, he doesn’t really understand their new role in his kingdom being too stubborn and too blind to see what the future holds. I can’t change his values, only his method to accomplishing peace, foreverly in our universe. I seek his acceptance of my…our program.” I sighed with doubtfulness.
“Acceptance is easier than understanding.” He frowned.
I winked at him. “I also want something from you, Rann.” He raised an eyebrow, left. I smiled. “I want your…currs.” I paused for beauty and grinned. “No one has got currs to purchase nothing, especially money-spending Bartholomew. Unless, you had lost all your currs when Dirk attacked Sahara. I didn’t mean to pry into your financial life.”
He grinned with a wink. “Starra, I have currs hidden where even a set of talented telepaths cannot find them.”
I clapped with a smile. “That’s the answer, I’m seeking. We need to build a new indoor and outdoor exercise facility, a weapons center, lots of living quarters, a library, a mess hall, a medical ward, a church, a renovated administration building, four landing pads for the new ships…”
“Breathe, Starra.” He chuckled. “I may be a new Tele warrior, but I’m an old diplomat. I’ll begin the requisition, development, and construction of your…our new facilities for the Tele Training Base immediately, milady.” He leaned down and bowed at a fit waist with noble respect, standing upright with a smile, extending an arm her escort.
I grabbed and cuddled his naked arm with a smile, moving to the broken archway and the zipper for traveling to planet Commerce. I sighed with gleefulness.


Planet Commerce
Castle of Lady Starra
Cool temperatures with dark clouds without rain showers
14th hour, late afternoon


The zipper tapped down hard and loud on top of the burnt and scuffed second tier patio at the Bonita castle. I jammed the gliding stick into the center. The door slid upright and opened. I turned with a smile t see the nose profile of Rann. “See, I fly good, sometimes. But I didn’t make you seasick with my landings, did I, Rann?”
He released the overhead hand bar, dropping both hand over the webbing, unlatching from the seat with a sour frown. “Your landings, your takeoffs, your light speed, your turns, your…”
“I get it.”
“Teaching you to fly is the next task on my long list.” He turned with a nod to see Starra. “I’m taking the extra air ship located inside Rosa’s garage to the Agri castle. I hope that I still have a castle based on the latest news data, since Ivan might have already acquired my property, as well.” I grunted. He frowned. “Starra, I realize you aren’t used to taking orders and giving up possessions. We are going into a civil war with Dirk. And citizens have already died. Citizens are dying. Citizens will die. Bartholomew has to protect his citizens. Everyone has to help and sacrifice, including you and me. I accept the fact that B.A. needs my home for another military base installation. I’ll let him take it. I’m going to requisition the bots for constructing our new facilities at our new Base. The new buildings will be finished in about two weeks. I’ll live there, until the war is over. I’m able to adapt to change. Change is good. Change is necessary. And change is coming. I can’t stop it. I’ll sacrifice for the universe, the planets, the king, and the cause.” I listened and stared at Rann.
He said. “I’ll fly my personal zipper from Sahara and meet you this evening on Bonita. Good luck with Bartholomew! Call me, if you need help! And do not, I repeat, Starra. Do not use your Tele powers on B.A. Later, Starra.” He reached over and grabbed her dirty hand, leaning down and kissed her knuckles way too long, releasing her hand and sat back with a grin. He turned and scooted out the door, jogging toward the open archway of the patio and entered, disappearing into the darkness of the house. 
I sat inside the zipper, wondering how he knew the layout of the house. I guess he visited Lady Rosa move than once. I executed a Tele probe, mentally spying and stalking the back spine of Rann with my telepathy. He moved through the kitchen and into the garage of the castle. My Tele ears heard the engine roar of the second air ship. I cut the Tele link, not seeing Rann or the air ship anymore.
Rann enjoyed lecturing way too much like dead Rosa and deader Peter. More words, no actions. I was an action girl. I didn’t like listening to words, especially words of sacrifice, possessions, acceptance, and change. I sighed with modification.
I was not from here being a teen alien from planet Earth. Native galaxy guy Rann could not fathom the depth of my lost and my sacrifice of everything. I lost everything. I changed everything. I accepted everything. I, too, had no choice, either. I had run out of options, alternatives, and choices which translated into living here foreverly. I sighed with permanence.
My alien Free Will plus my awesome Tele abilities, running rampage within this new universe, were tempted to take over and rule the simple universe like the idea from bad guy and crazy Dirk.
Instead, I would emulate noble Rann. He had lost everything, including his wife, his castle, his planet, his friend, and his best buddy, but he was willing to sacrifice for the universe, the planets, the king, and the cause.
Survival was the cause in a chaotic universe. Once upon a time, this was a perfect universe, before Starra. I sighed with causation.


Castle of King Bartholomew
Parking lot setting
15th hour, late afternoon


I took the other air ship from the garage, steering over the cobblestone yellow brick road and parked inside the parking lot. I should have steered the zipper but the honor guard possessed a set of masers.
I exited the air ship, strolling over the nicely paved parking lot toward one of four grand entrance double doors. Each door was colored in silly dark purple with white borders and a pair of royal honor guards, one side of the door.
The guard opened the door.
Good thing, I was ready to use my new Tele karate chip on his face. I entered through the archway, strolling down an empty hallway that was lined in honor guards. Each guard wore new attire, consisting of a solid white jacket and a pair of trousers uniform with a single purple sash around a fit waist, instead of a pressed and ironed navy blue fabric from the first alien timeline.
I performed a Tele probe with telepathy around the royal castle floors. A white uniform was issued to every walking child and adult soldier with an issued maser weapon for the upcoming King Bartholomew’s War that he demanded from every citizen, but Starra.
Things never changed within the new universe.
On the 2nd floor level in the throne room, I faked a smile with a set of gritted teeth at the guard on the right. “Greetings, ya’ll, I’m Lady Starra. I desire an appointment with King Bartholomew, today, if possible.” I added the last word for my new diplomatic tact that I was practicing today, standing beautifully in my new gray and diamond sparkling outfit, a present from my bestest friend of the universe Rann.
“Lady Starra, you can see the king at six in the evening,” the female guard with a set of ugly buck teeth and a nasty crooked nose said in a royal arrogance at the nice request of Lady Starra.
I turned and glanced with a sour frown at the rotating comlen on wall, reading five in evening. I sighed with annoyance.
I connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Bartholomew: Come outside.
I back stepped with a smile and bowed at the waistline of tiny diamonds that kinda cut into my skin with beauty pain while wasting time. I slowly back stepped a right boot then a left boot, then a grunt, because Bartholomew walked too slow toward his royal office door. My Tele ears heard the footfalls, coming from the throne chair, marching over the clean carpet.
I stopped and stood upright with a grin
One of the throne room doors slammed open and presented Bartholomew inside the archway with a sour frown. “Did someone…?” I rushed toward Bartholomew. His eyeballs darted to her with a smile. “Starra, you’re here. Come in, please, come in.” He leaned over and grabbed a forearm, shoving her into the throne room.
The door closed.
I moved ahead to the desk and stopped beside the chair with a sneer of no words.
“Commander Starra, it’s about time you reported to your superior officer with your current activities.” Ivan turned around, sitting inside the other chair in front of the desk with a sour frown and a sneer back at Starra. “How many Tele warriors have your trained for our troops to fight against Dirk and his nasty clan?”
“Commander…” I whispered for my eardrums only.


I mentally back flashed past within the first alien timeline, when I had been ranked as a commander too.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present, I heard.
Ivan sniffed from a set of flower smelling allergies.
I smiled. “One.”
“Come, come Commander!” Ivan frowned then sneezed, wiping a nose with his naked hand.
“Dismissed, General.” Bartholomew topped and stood beside Starra with a smile and a nod of happiness.
Ivan stood from the chair and bowed sorta at his fat waist, pivoting and moved to the side wall of purple colored painted and stood in place. The side door opened. He exited through a secret side door inside the throne room.
I dropped open a mouth in shock. I didn’t know that there were a series of dark and secret tunnels and rooms inside the old royal castle.
Bartholomew moved ahead and stopped, hugging Starra, leaning over and lightly pecked a pink-painted cheekbone, pulling back with a smile. “Starra, I’m so glad to see you. You look absolutely fabulous. Sit down, please.” I sat. He moved around and sat at the throne chair, looking at Starra with a smile and faked a set of smooth relaxation with a thick band of intense worry. His military raids had been totally unsuccessful and was seriously affecting his future, his universe, his citizens with me somewhere in-between all these mentally heavy thoughts. I sighed with loneliness.
I nodded with a stern face to him. “Bartholomew, I want to apology for my bad behavior the last time that I was here. I was disrespectful to you as the king of the universe and my boyfriend.” I tossed that concept of girlfriend and boyfriend into the ring of fire for our immediate discussion, debate, or dispute. The citizens were going into War soonest via my annoyingly but accurate Tele powers. I loved and admired Bartholomew. So, I would change my universe, my planets, my citizens, my friends, my king, and my boyfriend to accommodate his will and desire. I smiled. “My new Tele army consists of one person, two, if you count me,” giggling into the dead flat face of Bartholomew. I looked for acceptance, not understanding. I nodded with a smile. “I have trained Rann as my first student…”
“Rann?” Bartholomew stood with a sour frown and a matching tone from the desk chair. “You have picked Rann to train as a Tele warrior. I don’t understand your logic, Starra. Why Rann? He’s a noble, a diplomat, an entrepreneur, a leader, and a prince. I’m quite surprised he passed the physical training course. Rann is too old to play warrior, Starra.”
I frowned with that knowledge and more. Rann was richest man in universe. And I sorta followed all of the kingly edicts, laws, and proclamations for changing the universe into your personal empire. Currs would get you there, more quickly.
The private curr account of Bartholomew was running low and dry, funding the upcoming War, eating away his monetary reserves fast, faster, and fastest from his dark green cloth-lined pockets than could be generated. The citizens were unemployed, scared, dangerous, and the reason for his kingly new created military. He had to employ, feed, and house whining kids like potty training toddlers. I sighed with secret.
“Rann is the perfect candidate, B.A.” I grinned with a smirk, crossing the legs, showing off my new pair of leather thigh-high boots. “He is all these titles that you have mentioned plus more. Rann is also a perfect marksman, a practical martial arts expert, an animal hunter, a powerful weight lifter along with his high IQ intellect, and mostest of all, a gentleman of the universe.”
His eyeballs darted for that gray mouse inside the corner wall with a snort.
I said with calmness, not fury. “Rann is the perfect warrior for the populous to admire and respect. He is the perfect Tele warrior and a role model for all candidates to inspire too.”
Bartholomew realized that Rann had his own unique strengths which Bartholomew used and abused them to gain Rann’s assets, without within Bartholomew’s royal kingdom. Bartholomew dangerously flaunted and floundered all his personal assets with the products of disaster and death within his new empire, his new military, and his new life. I sighed with knowledge.
I smiled. “I’m on Bonita within an abandoned warehouse. The structure is the temporary headquarters of my training Base along with living quarters of the new Tele army for the time being until the new buildings are constructed…”
“New buildings, what new buildings?” He shook a crowned black hairy skull. “I don’t have extra currs to spare for your pet project, Starra. You’ll have to use what facilities and resources are available within the war stores. You can check with Ivan, since he has a list of all assets of my kingdom. He can assign you to another planet with more empty abandoned and torn old buildings for your training facility and living quarters and such….”
“I’m not moving to another planet, B.A. Rann is funding my pet project.”
“I see.” Bartholomew stared with a blank face at Starra. He didn’t care to understand and believe in her great contribution and cause unto his little war with Dirk. I sighed with impossible.
“Rann is gathering citizens for more Tele testing and training. I request from you, all the patients from all the hospital wards that are carrying an unexplained disease. It’s called the Sickness.” I said.
He stood and parted his lips, eye burning her freckles with a series of invisible hot flames. “I know the Sickness disease is here. How do you know that, Starra? I learned about the Sickness patients, yesterday.”
Man, O woman, I was giving away my alien secrets. I held my breath and released it, saying with a nod. “I am a practicing Tele, too. The Sickness patients are actually the unconscious new Tele warriors ready for their tele training at my new Base. This is how Dirk and Rita have acquired their Tele army by stealing the coma patients from their hospital beds. They listed them as dead, and then they trained them as their Tele-soldiers, right underneath our noses. I don’t know how Dirk has been doing this, but he has been preparing for this upcoming War for a while.”
He whipped a chin down into his silky shirt, exhaling with a huff of worry, waving a right hand freely at Starra. “Very well, you can have those sick patients.” He looked up with a smirk. “There have been many changes, here, Starra. I have enlisted all the citizens, including children into a newly formed Military. Citizens have been assigned duties, living quarters, food rations, and bouts of recreational time. You’re one of my trusted officers with the rank of Commander. I’m depending on your cooperation and your respect in my new Military, Starra.” He frowned. “I’ll leave you in charge of the Tele Training Base, but if I need you for any special assignments, I expect you to report to my office, immediately. Rann has been assigned rank of General...”
I stood and tossed up both arms into the air with a confused brow. “He outranks…”
“You…” He exhaled. “You’re in charge of your little Tele world, Starra. But Rann is going to lead the Tele warriors into our battle of the upcoming War. These are my direct orders, Starra. I expect you to follow them. Don’t pout about it, sweetheart. You’re my girlfriend. At the time of War, I want you beside me. That’s your duty.” I sigh with betrayal.
Bartholomew had forgotten to add as the Hostess for the upcoming War with my new duties, sending the engraved golden invitations to the new enemies of Dirk and Rita. The invitations will state in black colored and big bold alphabet letters on white colored stationary: King Bartholomew is hosting the War of the Century with his beautiful hostess Commander Starra.
I gagged back down the puke green vomit from my esophagus. Bartholomew was trying to protect, control, and limit the mighty alien from planet Earth. So I had overplayed my conqueror hand on Tele warriors. I needed to practice to be a more polished, diplomatic, and tactful citizen imitating Rann.
“Stang!” I gritted my perfectly straight teeth with a lady growl.
Bartholomew smiled. “Did you say something, sweetheart?” I shook my curls. He grinned. “I, also, have issued a new uniform for our Military. The package is located at your castle. I didn’t know what you wanted on your sash, sweetheart.” I had learned that I still had my castle with my new uniform inside my castle, without a sash.


I mentally back flashed past within the first alien timeline, when I had been so jealous and impatient about not possessing one of the freshly pressed and ironed blue uniforms within the army of King Rex.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present, I was being ordered wear it, use it, and employ it by the king and my boyfriend and by the man that I had planned to marry.
The doors opened.
The two guards moved and stood inside the archway. The female guard said with a stern face. “Sire, your meeting with the school administrators started fifteen minutes ago.”
Bartholomew stood with a nod to the two guards, back stepping and turned, dashing to Starra. He reached down and grabbed her arm, yanking and hugged her into his chest, pulling back with a smile. He leaned down and lightly pecked cheekbone of Starra, pulling back with a grin. “See you later, Starra.” He back stepped and moved ahead to the open archway with the two guards.
I stood in place alone inside the throne room. I sigh with more loneliness.
On the 16th hour (early evening), I sat inside the same chair and waited for Bartholomew to return back to his throne room. Then I stood.
I left the lonely throne room, slowing moving back into the lonely air ship and slowed steered back to the lonely Bonita castle and parked inside the lonely garage. Then I slowly exited the lonely air ship, slowly marching into the lonely castle and ignored the white box with the purple ribbon on top of the lonely broken chair.
I slowly moved to the broken patio doors and entered the lonely zipper ship.
The door slammed shut.
I started the lonely engine and flew into the pretty stars of nightfall, traveling to the lonely planet of Bonita.


Planet Bonita
New Tele Training Base
Dark night sky without moonlight and stars with hot temperatures
17th hour, late evening


I allowed the zipper to fly alone. The zipper was programmed to fly, to land, and to park on top of the dirt that shined like the sunshine. Rbots or repair robots were working underneath a set of bright white and yellow flood lights in the middle of green grassy fields, digging and excavating a set of several dirt foundations for the series of new buildings.
The gliding stick self-jerked into the center slot.
The doors slid upright and opened.
I scooted from the seat, standing with a nod and a smile, staring at the bots and the dust of orange colored dust underneath the bright whitish colored flood lights, moving ahead with a springy step of happiness toward the abandoned building.
I stopped and stood in place, staring down at the repaired front porch and up to see a solid door, stomping over the solid planks of wood. I stopped and stood, reaching out and turned the door knob.
Locked.
I executed a Tele shove, hearing the click of the lock. The door swung open. I slowly entered with a grin and a giggle, scanning to the right and to the left side of the room. Three white partitions read: Administration Office, Starra’s Office and Rann’s office.
Rann stood and dashed, stopping and edged a face around the white cloth partition with a smile and his sexy baritone timber. “Good evening, Starra.”
I stopped and stood in place with a smile and a nod. “Hi Rann. I like your new re-decorating project. You did a nice job.”
He moved and stood in front of her with a bow at a fit waist and stood upright with a smile. “Thank you, Starra. I told you I know how to run an operation.” He reached out and grabbed both her hands, dragging them around the partition and into his private office with a grin. “Come and have a seat! Chat a while, if you are not too tired?” He released her hands.
I stood and stroll forward, touring the small crammed temporary office of Rann that housed a long white sofa, two white chairs, a white tinted low table, a naked bed mattress with a matching night stand. The night stand held a working lamp and a comfone.
I nodded with a smile, stopping and touched the long sofa, sitting. “I’m impressed, Rann. I just train Teles for battle. I don’t think I can compete with your accomplishments. You have managed to achieve all in one afternoon. I saw sleeping tents beside the front porch and the Rbots building the new structures for our twenty candidates, our furniture into our pad,” smiling.
He turned and sat inside one of the chair with a frown. “Pad, is another new earthling term from my brain cells, Starra?” I jerked a face to see the wall corner, hunting for that peaky brown cockroach. He smiled at her hair roots. “I have performed a couple of simple tasks compared to your single major accomplishment with our king.” He scanned her from the hair roots down to the boot ankles with a smirk. “I see that you made it home in one piece. No cuts. No bruises. And no broken limbs. I hope the other party faired, as well,” chuckling.
I turned with a fake smile, shuffling side to side nervously on top of the sofa. “My day was very illuminating, General.”
“You aren’t jealous, are you, Commander?” He executed a Tele probe of her open mind.
I performed a Tele shield with a sour frown, shaking my curls at naughty Rann. He chuckled. “No, I’m not jealous. You’re going to lead my warriors into battle. Mad, I’m mad.” I bounced up and down in the sofa with emotions.
He smiled. “Starra, that day is not here, yet. Circumstances always change. Orders change, too. Don’t get upset over something that has happened, yet? You need to sit down, relax. I purchased food and beverages. Allow me?” He executed a Tele flair with his telekinesis, waving a hand side to side. A glass tumbler of pink tinted liquid flew around the white partition. She lifted a palm. The tumbler parked its sweaty glass into her palm. She smiled then sipped the beverage. Rann said. “I’ve lifted, floated, elevated, and levitated every object, thing, and item that I can see, feel, taste, and smell but you, Starra, darling…”
Starra, darling! I smiled at Rann. “I updated Bartholomew about our progress on the new Tele army. He was interested but disappointment that I had only one single warrior. He will be sending us a set of new recruits, all the recovered victims with the Sickness for our development and training starting, this week. He wasn’t pleased that you were my first selection. I cannot believe Bartholomew continues to manifest jealousies of citizens at his age. He acts like a five-year-old school child. The king was also little irritated about our new base being constructed using your currs.” I shook the gray bangs into my eyeballs, lifting and scratched them away with the fingers.
Rann exhaled. “Starra, BA is worried about a lot of things, including the citizens that he loves and the citizens that he’s obligated to protect. Be patient and be kind! He needs our support and alliance.”
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I said with a stern tone. “Rann, what’s going on? What am I missing here? I sense…”
The door sounded with a knock. Then the front door swung open.
Rann sat inside the chair, tossing a hand in the air with a smile to the familiar visitor. “Ty, come in! Join the club, Major.”
Ty entered through the archway and marched around the white cloth partition with a smile. “Am I disturbing you, Rann? I noticed the ceiling lights were on. I don’t mean to interrupt.” He turned with a smile and a nod to see Starra. “Lady Starra, nice to see you, again.” He bowed at a fit waist with respect as a noble to a noblette. I sighed with royalty.
I turned and frowned with sadness. “Not a lady, anymore, only a lowly commander, I should be saluting you or something. Is that correct, Major Ty?” I wondered with the proper action with a ranking military officer. Bartholomew didn’t provide any type of military SOP (standard operating practice).
“Starra, you’ll always be a lady to me.” Ty smiled with a nod.
Rann waved a hand, executing a Tele grab and a Tele lift of a second glass drinking tumbler, flying the glass through the air waves for the new guest into the new Tele Administration Office.
“You have arrived just in time. We’re discussing the king, and his new army.” Rann turned and stared at Ty. Ty stared at Starra and then Rann in silent.
I growled at both faces. “What’s going on here? Or shall I use my method of extracting information that will not be pleasant to say the least…”
“She doesn’t know.” Ty frowned at Rann.
Rann smiled with a nod. “I’m not going to tell her that’s why I brought you to Bonita, buddy.”
Ty frowned at Rann. “Bartholomew didn’t tell her, either?” Rann shook a skull.
“Know what?” I turned with a sour frown to see both nose profiles.
Ty nodded to Rann. Rann nodded in agreement. Ty turned with a stern face to Starra. “There have been lots of military events while you and Rann have been away, Starra. King Bartholomew had issued some royal directives that killed thousands of citizens by accident or by mistake.” I cringed as Ty said with a stern face. “It wasn’t his fault. The citizens are both scared and worried.”
I counted me as one of the worried and scared citizens and said with a nod. “Citizens aren’t scared. It’s the remaining nobles and upper military officers, who are worried and scared of Dirk, not Bartholomew.”
“She catches on quickly.” Rann smiled with a nod.
“Correct, Starra! Certain nobles can no longer be trusted in the new kingdom. They’re being watched and monitored by citizens that we trust, who have pledged alliance to King Bartholomew and his Royal cause.” Ty nodded with a stern face.
I exhaled. “So what, spies are always present in wartime. Not a new concept, citizens chose sides simply for the currs to line their empty pockets. No surprise!” Ty turned and frowned at the nose profile of Rann. I saw, tasted, felt, and smelled the dreadful order of baddie information.
Ty turned and stared at Starra. “The division of the kingdom has created spies along with sets of deadly assassins, who work strictly for the profit of making currs.”
I nodded. “Spies, assassins, and block aid runners are part of any war scene, too. They work independently and work hard to get currs for their dirty deeds.” I tossed a hand in the air with a confused brow. “I give up, Ty. Are you saying that Bartholomew is a target for assassination? I can protect him. I can leave right this moment and fly to Commerce and guard his private chamber, if I have, too,” I stood with the beverage in hand, readying to use a Tele shield and a Tele sword to protect my man from harm.
“Bartholomew is on a hit list, of course, along with other nobles. But one name in particular is circulating through the comlens and comfones as the main target of assassin.” Ty shifted inside the chair with a stern face.
I sat down with a nod. “Who is it?” I sipped on the beverage.
Rann said. “You.”
I laughed without Rann and Ty and slapped a chest which kinda hurt. “Me! My name is the target. I mean, I’m the target. Who did I miff out, this week?” I looked down with a smile at the floor, pondering all the tattle-tale list of spies, enemies, and no-gooders against me, who I shall greet and meet and do something mean, too. I sighed with danger.
“Starra, you have a huge bounty on your pretty head of five million currs.” Rann frowned at her hair roots.
I looked up with a laugh. “That’s all!” I puffed. “I’m worth five million currs,” giggling. “I re-assess my value more like around nine or maybe, fifteen currs. What do you think, Rann?” I smiled.
Ty frowned at her. “This is a very significant threat to your healthy person, Starra.”
I stomped both boot heels, swinging one arm around my face with a sour frown. “I got it. This is the reason that I can’t lead my gang of Tele warriors into battle. Right, Rann?” I chuckled at Bartholomew’s stupid reason, while I plotted a plan to violate really soonest and baddest. I sighed with deceive.
Rann frowned. “This is the reason that Bartholomew is supporting your pet project on the dead planet in an abandoned warehouse. Your life’s threatened, Starra. No one knows about this base, this training, this planet or you.”
I stand and balled one hand, holding the sweaty beverage. “Bartholomew doesn’t believe in my Tele training, my Tele abilities, my Tele powers. I feel. I feel…”
Rann stood in front of Starra, reaching and caught the waving arm. “Don’t throw anything, Starra!” He turned and smiled to Ty. “Ty, you might wanna duck behind the chair for the next five seconds.” He released the one hand of Starra and turned, dashing around the furniture like a silly kid and ducked down behind the sofa. Ty chuckled with entertainment.
I frowned at Rann’s non-entertainment action, feeling a set of jumbled mixed up emotions which interfered with my awesome Tele powers every time like now. I softly said. “I’m not going to throw any objects. I feel sad. I just feel sad.” I sat for the third time, pondering, thinking, and plotting.
Rann stood with a laugh, moving around the sofa, sitting back inside his chair, sipping on the beverage.
Ty studied Starra with a stern face. “You’re handling this news, very well, Starra.”
I turned and frowned at Ty and Rann. “Ivan, you don’t trust him. He’s threatening my life, right, Ty?” I had been investigating the new enemy of the universe, using some of my Tele magic on a bee-hind or two, making them cluck like a chicken, or maybe leap like a pond frog. I smiled. “Well, name them? Don’t leave me in the dark. Or I’ll find out my way.”
Ty turned and frowned at Rann. “General?”
Rann nodded with a stern face and then looked at Starra with a smile. “Tell her, Major? Or she’ll go looking for trouble I promise.” I turned and stared at Ty for the final answer.
“Dirk, Rita, Ivan, Tok, Kona, Dee, Kay…” Ty told way too long.
I lifted and held both palms in the air with a sneer. “Stop! Forget my enemies! Names of my allies, my friends? I bet that list is…”
“Bartholomew, Rann, and me,” Ty told way too fast and stopped. I sighed with doom.
“…. short. What in tarnation have I done to these selected and stupid poopy nobles along with the more smart-holed high ranking military officers?” I frowned.
“Tar…nation?” Ty smiled. “Is that word…”
“From Bonita…” I growled, since it was an alien word.
Ty lifted and pointed a finger at her freckles. “You and Dirk are spoken in the same references. You and Dirk are alike. You and Dirk are nobles. You and Dirk are from the same planet. You and Dirk had the same mentor. You and Dirk are both talented and gifted Teles with seemingly unlimited powers. The comparison is too close, too coincidence, too similar, and too lucky to be any other chance, since you and Dirk are feared.”
I looked down with a sour frown, pondering, thinking, and plotting. I sighed with repeat.
Rann said. “You and Dirk…”
I looked up with a stern face to see Rann. “I am not similar by body to evil Dirk. I am not even related by blood to evil Dirk. I happen accidentally to be from the same planet, same mentor, same house, and same talents with evil Dirk. But I am not evil Dirk. I’m precious Starra.” I understood the logic, pondering my new destiny within the second alien time line. I sighed with fear.
A few days later…


Day 11 of Alien Tele Training


Planet Bonita
Tele Training Base
Outside dirt ground setting
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine and part clouds
12th hour (early afternoon)


I stood inside a circle of young and old Tele trainees, drilling the newbies in Tele hand-to-hand combat with my set of awesome Tele Mistress talents. I said with a stern face and a nod. “The lesson involves…”
I lifted up and grabbed both earlobes with both hands, falling down and landed on the dirt with sizzling ear pain like the other Teles.
“Ah!” The voice pierced the air far, far away.
I stood upright on fours (palms and boot toes) slowly standing and wobbled side to side, shaking the neurons into thinking. I turned and performed a Tele dash across the dirt.
In front of the newly constructed Medical Ward, the front door slammed open.
I slowed down into a walking pace over the clean floor, turning the wall corner and stood inside an open archway.
There were two rows of single portable cots with an assortment of colored bed linens of purple, golden tint, pink, red, blue, green, yellow, and white. Inside one bed, there was a resting person on a back spine, the newbie Tele. Beside the bed, there an upright experienced Tele, a healer. She possessed the Tele power of telemetabolics that was nicknamed as a healer. She could touch the skin of the wound and heal it, magically. Or she could have sent an invisible ray of healing and bind the skin and the body, too.
The eyeballs of the healer were flooding the floor with wet tears and sad thoughts.
I cut my eyeballs to the Tele trainee, who slept quietly on top of the yellow colored bed linens of the single cot. The golden tinted shiny Talisman decorated her pale forehead which was not good.
When the Sickness patient was touched by the talisman coin, the Tele was awoken and very happy and cheery.
The atmosphere air was not cherry or cheery or happy.
“Stang,” I whispered for my eardrums only, slowly moving to the other side of the bed and stopped, standing in place, not touching anything. The newbie Tele was not breathing.
Tia stared at the body and stuttered really incoherently. “Sorry…she…no….more….”
I reached over the cot and the dead person with a fake smile, gently tapping her forearm, performing a Tele forgot-it-thought. Yeah, I could do that. “Not your fault, Tia. Not all citizens can survive the transference process.” Tia exhaled with a puff of confusion. I smiled with a nod to her. “Tia, go back to your suite and take the rest of the day off and rest up for the lunch meal. Okay, honey?”
Tia back stopped from the cot and turned, moving over the floor and stopped, swinging around and framed a body lovely inside the archway, wetting her tears on the door frame and stuttered really incoherently. “I…”
I connected, linked, and Tele talked to Tia: Go back to your suite.
Tia turned and moved through the hallway and left the building.
Rann huffed and puffed, standing at the archway next, wearing a puzzled brow, moving inside and stood beside Starra, staring at the Tele trainee zombie, whispering softly. “What happened?”
I did not move, standing beside the Tele trainee zombie on top of the cot, without the fake blood and with a tone of blackish burnt skin, warming both my hands over the heated dead body. “Watch!” I reached and grabbed the talisman from her burnt forehead, holding it, dumping the twin leather straps from the golden coin onto the tile.
Rann moved closer to Starra with a puzzled brow. “Tell me what you are planning to do first, Starra?”
I said with a stern face to the Tele zombie. “Watch and learn!” I stood over the cold body, reaching down and pressing the talisman with all ten fingers onto the chest of the Tele trainee zombie.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
The trainee zombie violently jerked one time and then loudly wheezed one time, then quickly expired beautifully and left planet Bonita and the galaxy.
He balled both hands into a pair of folded fists with a growl and a whisper. “You took her life, Starra.”
I exhaled with a long puff of dizziness. My eyeballs cleared and stared down at the gray wrinkled body of the former young Tele trainee with a stern face and a whisper. “I transferred all her Tele powers to me. Her soul has ascended into the afterlife.”
Rann exhaled. “The Book never referenced this type of usage for the talisman.” He looked up with an angry face and a matching tone to see the nose profile of Starra. “How did you learn to do this, Starra?”
I stared down at the dead body of the gray and wrinkled young female with a whisper. “Rosa taught me this trick.” I swung around, moving to the archway with a sneer. “You get the next one…”
He gasped with shock, spinning around to see the back spine of Starra.
Two days later…


Day 13 Alien Tele Training


Planet Commerce
Castle of King Bartholomew
Business office of Ivan
Cool temperatures with part sunshine and clouds
6th hour (early morning)


I sat inside the square shaped office of General Ivan for a very important meeting on planet Commerce, staring at the window with one eyeball and the bald skull with the other. Yeah, I could do that.
Ivan was a very large male with a very large belly from good eating and drinking with a tone of pale glowing skin, a bald head and a very large nose bridge with a very deep bass timber. He turned and viewed at Starra with a tern face. “Your assignment is to scan the Wall for the number of sentries patrolling the other side.”
My chair was parked in front of the office desk of Ivan inside a large office space, not seeing the restored pretty flower garden and the big yellow sunshine. Rann sat next to Starra, wearing a golden open vest and a matching pair of trousers that were nicely tucked down into a pair of brown knee-high boots, flexing his biceps for some reason.
I swung my curls and my smile to see the nose profile of Rann. “No prob, Ivan! Do ya wanna ride with me, Rann?”
Ivan leaned a fat frame over the wide desk, without bad breathing her face. “General Ivan to you, Commander Starra. General Rann is not accompanying you on this mission, Commander. You alone are in charge of this vitally important military spying mission.” I frowned at Rann. Ivan sneered. “This is a direct order from King Bartholomew. You and a group of your warriors are expected to report your findings to me, as soon as you return.” Ivan stood and looked with a puzzled brow at the nose profile on Rann. “Rann, may I have a moment of your time, please?”
Rann reached over and grabbed the forearm of Starra, scooting her away from the chair and the desk, staring with a stern face at Ivan. “I’ll see you later at the training base. Good luck and good scouting, Starra!”
I shuffled with a confused face in front of Rann, turning and moved to the closed door. The door slammed shut behind my back spine, leaving Rann and Ivan. I pranced my boot heels back to the zipper which was parked inside the docking pad at the castle, flying back to planet Bonita, without seeing Bartholomew. He was in another meeting again. I sighed with loneliness.


The Wall
Cold and black outer space minus 1000°F
7th hour, early morning


My zipper led a diamond formation of four other zippers with Ty at port, Nat at starboard, and Tea up my fanny. I reached and pressed the button, puffing into the comfone. “Ensign, back off! I’m starting to sweat from your forward vapor exhaust.”
The young Tele pilot Tea dropped the zipper away from the three afterburners of Starra’s ship, replying via the comfone to all eardrums. “Sorry, Commander, I’m a little nervous.”
“Don’t worry, just a scouting mission.” I piloted directly toward the Wall after passing Tech World. “Afterburners shut off.” The four zippers slowly paced through the outer space molecules and halted, drifting up and down at the Wall. I reached and pressed the button, saying with a new command. “I’m dividing the Wall into four quadrants. Nat, first. Tea, second. Ty, third. I gots the fourth…”
“I gots, what language is that from?” Tea said via the comfone with a giggle.
“Southern Bonita.” I smirked into my comfone. “Your mission, since I have ordered you here, is to scan your little quadrant, systemically. That means from top to bottom and then side to side with your real eyeballs and earlobes along with your Tele powers for any new star ships lounging on the other side of the Wall. Do not make contact with the patrolling pilots. I only need a count of physical ships, not vocal conversations. Any questions?” I listened and waited for one second. “Good, proceed.”
On the 9th hour (late morning) I had finished my quest of the quadrant.
The zipper of Ty slowly drifted toward Starra without colliding, using his Tele power of telekinesis.
I pressed the button, saying into the comfone with a stern face. “What’s your count, Ty?”
Ty said via the comfone, “Forty-three ships occupy every five feet of space within the third quadrant.”
I tapped on the button again, saying with a smile into the comfone. “Entertaining! Do you wanna venture a guess at the number of ships I counted in quadrant four?”
“Forty-three ships.” Ty smiled into the comfone.
“Dirk’s smart, as well as, systematic with his scout patrols. I expect a challenge to penetrate the Wall, without losing citizens.” I said into my comfone.
“Where did you get the idea that the King was going to spare lives, Starra? We’re at War with citizens on the other side of the Wall. These Tele soldiers are trained by Emperor Dirk who will not hesitate to attack and kill us in an instant, if given that chance?” Ty said via the comfone. I sighed with trouble.
Dirk connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Starra: Starra, I can hear you. Why don’t you pop through the Wall, now? I’d thoroughly enjoy blasting your zipper into pieces of tiny bits of space dust.
I love you, too, Dirk! Many more hugs and kisses than yesterday, darling. I connected, linked, and then Tele talked back to Dirk and then cut off my Tele link.
I cranked the cold engine, slowly turning and steered back home to planet Commerce to report my findings.


Planet Commerce
Office of General Ivan
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine
10th hour, mid-day


I broke from the diamond formation, diving down into the clouds of planet Commerce. Ty led the rest of the zippers back to the Tele base on planet Bonita for the lunch meal and then more training to prepare for War. I halted and hovered over the third floor landing pad, gently settling over the concrete and the last set of black burn marks from my previous blast-off.
Ivan had found out that it was Starra leaving the afterburners imprints and tattled to Bartholomew.
Then Bartholomew whined to his tough girlfriend Starra. And I didn’t stop, either.
I killed the engine, sliding the gliding stick into the center slot.
The two ship doors slid upright and locked. I scooted out and dashed through the exterior patio door, marching down the long, long hallway and turned, standing inside an open archway. I saw the bald skull of Ivan.
“Report, Commander?” Ivan stared down at the mini-bot with a sour frown and a matching tone.
I entered the space and place, strolling to the oversized chair. “Can I sit down?”
Ivan studied the mini-bot without viewing her silver eyeballs. “Report and leave, Commander! I’m a very busy man.”
I did enjoy annoying Ivan as I stepped a boot toe around the big chair and stood with a smile down at his bald skull. “There were forty-three ships in my first quadrant. Then, if I add the forty-three ships within Ty’s second quadrant to the forty-three ships in Nat’s third…”
“I follow your logic, commander. The total is 172 ships. Dismissed!” He studied the mini-boot with a sour frown and a yell.
I leaned over the edge of his desk and pretended to care with a fake smile and a nod. “Wow, you really are good at math. Has anyone ever told you that fat fact, Ivan?”
He whipped up a chin with a touch of mouth drool, staring with a sour frown and a sneer at her freckles. “Listen to me, commander, and listen to me, very carefully! I don’t care if you are the king’s girlfriend and a Tele tale with your invisible magical powers. If you every show disrespect to me in front of my military officers, you are going to wish that you never ever heard my name, Starra.”
I executed a Tele probe with telepathy without a smile, leaning more over the desk surface, sweet breathing in the distorted face of Ivan with a sneer.
I connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Ivan: Don’t mess with me, Ivan. You will not live to regret it.
He dropped open a mouth, believing in Tele magic tricks and treats now.
I stood upright and gracefully pirouetted, moving from Ivan and his office, through the archway and turned, stomping a pair of boot soles down the quiet hallway to my zipper, flying back home to Bonita. I sighed with alien.


Planet Bonita
Tele Training Base
20th hour, midnight
Dark sky without clouds and moonlight


I couldn’t sleep being restless, worried, mad, and bored, sitting alone within the darkness, crossing my legs on top of the chair, wearing my gray outfit. My back spine leaned against an eerily glowing white sofa that shined through the window, where a set of numerous new and glowing artificial flood lightings bathed down over the landing pad over the dead grass. I waited impatiently.
I felt the wind blow against the set of new window panes. I heard the frogs softly croak inside the newly formed lake. I sensed the zipper de-accelerating among the fluttering air waves. The zipper landed onto the new dirt pad. Then I heard the booted foot pads through the pavement and landed onto the new floor of wooden planks of the front porch.
The door opened in silence, inviting the tall figure inside the room, shadowing the wall in sheath mode.
I sat inside the chair with a sneer and a sour face. “I’ve been waiting for you.” I executed a Tele probe sensing a mental cringe of his jumbled emotions with the forced hesitation of his strong will.
He turned and approached his office space and side of the warehouse with a stern face. “I was detained.”
“You were on Resort.” I growled.
He stopped in place and slapped a Tele shield over his open mind with a stern face and a sneer. “Don’t invade my mind without permission, Starra.” He turned and shifted within the darkness, moving in the opposite direction toward the office space and place of Starra.
“I didn’t have to. I could smell the essence of her on your body.” I sneered within the dark inside the chair.
“You sound jealous, Commander.” Rann moved closer with a chuckle to Starra inside her space and place.
“I’m jubilant, General. Can’t you tell?” I snorted within the darkness indie the chair.
Rann zipped around the office partition, standing his tallness against the pale wall. His dark shadow reflection came from the outdoor lightning that was used by the Rbots to build the Tele Training Base. He said with a stern face to Starra within the darkness. “My order came directly from the King, himself. My mission was simple. I was to locate and destroy the food warehouse, the weapons installation, and the star ship facilities on Resort. I left Bonita with three movers and then docked with three other royal officers on Commerce, thirty minutes behind your squad of trackers.”
“I was the diversion. You were the plan.” I sneered within the darkness inside the chair.
“I used telekinesis to activate the fire alarm systems in three factory plants. All the scared personnel fled each building with fear and panic. The act saved their lives.”
“Brilliant plan!”
“I wasn’t brilliant enough. We set the three different explosives and re-assembled at the six ships as planned except Ivan’s boys were still missing.”
“Sub-orders.” I sneered within the darkness inside the chair.
“I didn’t want to leave them behind. I didn’t want them to be captured and tortured to death by Dirk. I counter ordered them found, contained, and removed from Resort. My team of movers split into four geographical directions east, west, south, and north, searching for Ivan’s boys. I headed west, while the Movers found their counterparts. Suddenly one, two, three, four, five, and six explosions erupted simultaneously. They were gone. All of them gone.” He exhaled.
“Who?” I growled.
“Sid, Li and Cam.”
“Stang,” I frowned.
“A trap.”
“A setup.” I exhaled. 
“The rows of quiet, dark streets suddenly filled with panicked, hurt, maimed, and dead citizens, consisting of men, women, children, soldiers, officers, Dirk and Rita. I dashed to my zipper for a swift retreat from the planet but found an obstacle blocking my path.”
“She didn’t blast you into tiny pieces of space dust,” giggling.
“She kissed me.”
I performed a Tele tap and a Tele flip on the wall light switch, and illuminating the overhead lights. I stared at his decorated face and more decorated throat, smearing in her bright red lipstick. I snorted with laughed. “You need a shower, General.”
“Not funny, Commander.” Rann growled.
I sneered with fury. “You’re right, General. Not funny, citizens died. Our citizens, their citizens…”
“Time to retire, Starra.”
I performed a Tele jump from the chair into the air, landing down on a pair of boot toes in front of his face, balling both hands into a pair of two folded fists of pure white with fighting anger and a sneer. “I’m going back to Commerce and rip out Ivan’s heart from his plump chest.”
“At ease, Commander!” He exhaled with a nod. “This is Bartholomew’s problem, not yours. Go to sleep, Commander.” He spun around, scooting from her space and place into his space and place. I sighed with angry.
A few days later…


Day 15 Alien Tele Training


Planet Commerce
Castle of King Bartholomew
Noble and commoner committee room of Bartholomew
Cold temperatures and rain showers
14th hour, early afternoon.


I sat on the first row next to Rann, crossing and uncrossing my legs, waiting for the king.
Bartholomew had modified and enlarged the small noble committee meeting room into a very large space. The space held thirteen rows of chair with a walking aisle of empty space of light air breeze. All the non-squeaky chairs were filled with sitting officers of the current military for the king.
The doors opened.
Bartholomew entered from the archway.
The door closed.
He stopped and stood, wearing a dark green jacket and a matching pair of trousers that were tucked into a pair of polished black colored knee boot. The dark green cape draped over the collar bone, puddling down to the floor. He stood in front of an ugly one-legged skinny podium of light pine wood with a hidden comfone. He cleared a throat, saying with a grin and a nod. “I have captured thirteen spies from Dirk’s army. They have been interrogated and questioned.” I sighed with intrigue.
Rann frowned. “Why wasn’t I told, B.A.? I’m very experienced at extracting, interrogating, and uncovering datum from prisoners.” I sighed with more intrigue.
Bartholomew tossed an arm and slapped a chest with a sour frown to each face. “Rann, I’m well aware of your expert qualifications and credentials. But the timing was very short. I needed the information swiftly. So Ivan questioned the prisoners and collected some interesting new facts. The first fact is that Dirk and Rita will be moving their headquarters to Resort in five days.”
I frowned. “I could have told you that information, BA.”
Ivan shifted from the side wall and rubbed an elbow with Bartholomew, staring with a smirk at Starra. “Why didn’t you, Commander? This information is vital for the War operations and control.”
Bartholomew turned and smiled at Starra, yelling at Ivan. “Have a chair, General! The second interesting fact is that Dirk’s army, equipment, ships, and supplies are smaller than originally estimated. His troopers number in the mere hundreds with a good figure around six hundred...”
“Sire,” I gently punched the right rib of Rann with a stern face. “May I question the prisoners using my Tele abilities? I might be able to extract more valuable datum using a different method of a nice and easy procedure…”
“I’m afraid that’s not going to be possible.” Bartholomew looked down at the mini-bot, instead of Starra. I sighed with extreme intrigue.
“I’m not afraid of the impossible, Your Highness.” I frowned.
“She should try, Your Majesty. We need more information from the enemy.” A visible officer said behind Starra.
Bartholomew looked up with a sad face and a sigh to see each face. “I regret to state being accused a spy that the punishment is death.”
“When did this edict become law, Bartholomew?” Rann frowned.
Bartholomew turned and sneered at Rann. “Yesterday! I proclaim now and here. Any person charged as the enemy of my universe will be declared guilty of treason and is ordered by my law and then is punished by immediate death.”
All the officers gasped inside massive gulps of air molecules.
My boyfriend was killing all the innocent citizens in the name of justice and honor. I was so sick and tired of this universe displaying death, devastation, and destruction. Let everyone fight and kill each other, and then no one would be left as the king of the universe. And no one would be left as the citizen, ya’ll. I sighed with murder.
Rann could sense the deep rage from Starra, reaching and gently touched her naked forearm, shaking his skull.
I stood with a sneer. “I quit!”
“Starra, you can’t quit. I’ll not allow it.” Bartholomew dropped open a mouth, staring at her distorted face.
I stepped forward with a growl. Bartholomew back stepped in fear with a frightened face. I turned with a sour frown to face the empty aisle moving toward the closed double set of doors and lifted both of my hands in the air. I performed a Tele slam at pretty wood.
The door opened with a sound of boom, boom. The standing honor guard unit ran to the side for protection.
Bartholomew exhaled and yelled with a worried brow. “Starra, wait.” I sighed with hunger.
All the shouting, invading, and killing of my enemies made me hunger. I was going back to my home and fix a tuna fish sandwich.
Rann connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Starra: Starra, please stay!
Try and stop me, Rann. I dare you! I connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Rann.
I moved from the room, turning and stomped down the empty hallway to my castle.
Alien Day 51


Castle of Starra
Living room setting
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine of blue skies
9th hour, late morning


I slept late, standing in my pajamas, lovingly staring through a set of dirty windows inside my chartreuse (greenish-yellow) castle at the pair of flying red birds, batches of growing healthy green short weeds, and too many silver shiny cobwebs as nature invaded my home. I sighed with beauty.
I gracefully pirouetted, viewing the dismal living conditions inside the house. All the house furniture exhibited piles of busted broken plus each non-working appliance looked beyond a metal repair. There was not one single piece of food item for eating or a single eating plate to dirty up. I pondered a boring day of light and night of dark. I sighed with adventure. 
I did fix my bed by flipping the rippled mattress up from the floor and dropped it down beside the broken wooden frame for a good slumber last night.
I exhaled with a puff of disappointment, missing my Tele Base, my Tele trainees, and my Tele friends and my Rann. I mean Rann. I mean General Rann. I mean my ‘bestest’ friend Rann. I sighed with mistake.
No comlens. No comfones. No bots, Yeah, prisoner.
Rann had Tele -talked (mind talked) to Starra yesterday, after she had stormed out of the royal stupid poopy meeting.
I would be arrested, if I landed on my Tele Base on planet Bonita by a direct kingly order from unfriendly King Bartholomew. I was totally surprised, because it was perfectly logical for me to approach my Tele Base for my Tele training of my Tele warriors. I sighed with mischievousness.
Rann added within his Tele-message to Starra.
I would become immediately jailed and confined inside the royal castle with the king and the king’s horses…naw….military horses…military guards, since Bartholomew and I were not on the best of terms, right now. So, I didn’t feel like performing a second confrontation with the king or the king’s gardeners…naw…guards, because they would get hurt by me, really bad with their blood, not mine.
Rann had Teled talked to Starra: Stay away! I sighed with repetition.
The bestest newest news bulletin was that they watched, monitored, traced, and recorded Starra, using Bartholomew’s people and Dirk’s people, too. I sighed with movie star-ville.
The bestest…(ya liked that made-up word)…newest news of all was that the galaxy had a big bounty on my pretty skull, twenty five million currs, dead or alive. I choked with air molecules on the “dead” part of that verbal, mental, written, or emotional statement.
Bartholomew’s people were looking for Starra to perform some type of traitorous act and then hang from the gallows by her neck. Dirk’s people were trying to kidnap and then hang Starra from a tall tree by her neck.
I summed the whole numbers plus half numbers for a total number, one dead body, hanging by throat muscles or executed by a firing squad without a blind fold. I sighed with grit.
The door chime sounded with a bong, bong.
I stepped forward, standing in front of the door and reached for the door knob.
The door opened.
Mbot hovered in the air with an alto drone. “Are you Commander Starra?”
“Maybe, are you armed?” I sneered and as, my eyeballs darted side to side for Dirk’s people or Bartholomew’s folks.
Mbot droned at Starra. “I bring gifts from King Bartholomew.” It floated inside then a second Mbot floated in, then a third Mbot inside, and then a row of Mbots halted and hovered inside the room. One by one the robots dropped a metal arm and placed an individual package over the dirty floor, scattering the dust rabbits. The last robot within the single row of Mbots flew backwards first, flying backward through the opened door, over the wooden porch, and latched onto the exterior black paint of the vehicle. Each bot flew backward from Starra, leaving the castle.
T11th day Alien Tele Training
He door stood opened.
I waved a hand with a sour frown, performing a Tele slap on the wooden door.
The door slammed shut with a boom.
Speechless. Surprised. Pleased. Hunger. Finally, food, the biggest present was wrapped with a yellow bowtie over the weave picnic basket. Yeah, baby, ants and food.
The Earth expression by a female, the best way into a man’s heart was through his stomach. The newly created Bonita expression by Starra: if you feed me, I will be your slave for life.
I squatted and dived down all fingers into the food, smelling the soft breads, the fresh fruits, the crisp vegetables, and numerous sweet desserts with a smile and a hum. “Thank you, boyfriend.” Then I lifted and popped the sweet bread into an open vessel.
Thirty minutes later, I stood with a loud burp and wobbled side to side with good food, back stepping and slowly turned, slowly strolling to the lopsided sofa, eye burning a set of dirty walls. I brilliantly decided to spring clean inside the house, practicing with my awesome Tele powers.
I stood on pair of naked toe bones, performing a Tele grab on each destroyed kitchen appliance one by one and executed a Tele shove one by one into a massive garbage bind that was located on the other side of the cobblestone street which was far, far away from my house and my nose holes. I suddenly recalled that I was being recorded by Dirk’s spies and Bartholomew’s folks.
I whispered for my eardrums only with a smile, swaying side to side in front of the open garage in the bright sunshine. “Okay, ya’ll, please, make sure and snap a foto of the good side of my freckles as I empty the kitchen crappy garbage cans and clean the shitty bathrooms.” I swung around with a laugh and a grin, marching back inside the castle for more Tele domestic house work.
An array of bots usually performed the numerous and annoying domestic housekeeping duties for a noble and a commoner household throughout the universe.


I mentally back flashed past within the first alien timeline, when I had lost my faithfully mental friend Bot.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present, when I ordered the robot and the castle destroyed on planet Bonita. Yeah, well, I didn’t wanna think about it. So I performed a Tele grab for a mop, a broom and a cleaning powder and executed a Tele cleaning of wax and shine on the dirty floor.
I bet that Empress Rita did not mop her dirty old stinky kitchen floor, wishing that I could get a new job, maybe working for Rita. I sighed with humor.
I performed a Tele grab and a Tele lift of each piece of broken and busted furniture inside the living room, the dining room, including the three separate bedrooms. The burglars had unpleasantly visited then broke, busted, and smashed all mine…Rosa’s…Dirk’s personal property. 
I executed a Tele soar through the air waves without taking out a bird in fly, performing a Tele dump, trashing all the wood and staves and glass into the garage bin across the way.
I waved my hands, performing a 
I waxed and buffed all the ugly hard wood floors in every room into beautiful art work. I finished and pitched a wet mop, a dry broom along with the unused cleaning powder back into the side storage closet.
I dashed upstairs showering and changed into a pretty pink sundress feeling fresh and clean. I strolled down the staircase into an empty, but clean living room, like a real alien princess, admiring the line of wrapped gifts against the sorta…(didn’t clean it)…wall and rushed to the first present. I sighed with love.
The boxes were decorated, arranging from shortest upwards the tallest and then the longest to the widest in prettily bright bold colors of yellow, blue, green, red, pink, purple, and orange, each with a color-coordinated matching satin bow that drools like mouth spit down from the edges of the square boxes. I executed a Tele grab and a Tele lift with telekinesis the puke green paper into all fingers and viciously ripped off the silk paper like an evil villainess. I jerked the lid up from the box and tossed it perfectly behind a back spine. There were hundreds of chocolate-coated candies inside the box. I squealed with total delight. I sighed with happiness.
I had received the girlfriend gifts in no particular order. I didn’t open the presents smallest to the biggest.
I received a pearl bracelet, a flora scented bottle of perfume, a book of love poetry, and a single mini-bot.
I stared at the mini-bot with caution, gently pressing a blinking red light. The message read: I am sorry.
I grinned and executed a Tele grab and a Tele lift, performing a Tele shove into the garbage bin all the way across the street with a whisper for my eardrums only. “You must do better than that, Bartholomew.”
Alien Day 52


Castle of Starra
Living room setting
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine of blue skies
8th hour, late morning


A swarm of pretty blue birds flew around the blue sky. A pod of green frogs jumped around the puddles of rain water. A row of yellow wildflowers grew tall underneath a baby blue sky and a yellow sun. Each scene happily played outside my chartreuse castle throughout the windows.
I stood in my yellow and blue silk pajamas in front of the window.
The air ship halted in front of the last noblette castle, vomiting out a set of metal robots.
The door opened.
Then each metal robot toted a present, stopping and hovered in place, lowering and set each gift on the clean floor.
I waved a hand in place, performing a Tele rip on each purple colored wrapping paper and delicate matching bowtie as the paper and bow ripped into tiny shreds of ugliness. This day, the nice girlfriend gifts from boyfriend Bartholomew included a pearl necklace, a bouquet of red flowers, a pack of peppermint candy, a book of love sonnets, a fruity bottle of perfume, a new basket of food, and a second single mini-bot.
I executed a Tele grab and a Tele lift on the mini-bot, performing a Tele soar to my face and a Tele hold in the air waves and opened the lid.
The new mini-bot message was neatly typed onto the black screen in white letters: I am sorry, Bartholomew. Please, come back to me, Starra!
“It is a nice try, but no grand prize.” I sorta rhymed the words, performing a Tele turn and a Tele fly, executing a Tele dump of the mini-bot into the kitchen trashcan.
Alien Day 53


Castle of Starra
Living room setting
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine of blue skies
7th hour, early morning


I stood from lopsided sofa, sensing déjà vous…naw…delivery view of many lovelier girlfriend gifts from my boyfriend Bartholomew.
The door opened.
A row of Mbots had entered, delivered, and left the castle of Starra. This day, the nice girlfriend gifts from boyfriend Bartholomew included a set of pearl earrings, a bouquet of pink flowers, a pack of chocolate cookies, a book of love stories, a bottle of flora body soap, a new basket of food, and a third single mini-bot.
I executed a Tele grab and a Tele lift, soaring the mini-bot into my face with a sour frown.
The new mini-bot message was neatly typed onto the black screen in white letters: I am sorry, Bartholomew. Please, come back to me, Starra. I love you, Bartholomew.
“You still receive no unlighted cigar, king. So maybe, tomorrow, I’ll be in a better mood.” I sorta rhymed the words, performing a Tele shove and a Tele dump of the third mini-bot down into the kitchen trash can.
Alien Day 54


Castle of Starra
Living room setting
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine of blue skies
7th hour, early morning


The row of metal robots had come and gone, leaving behind more girlfriend gifts from boyfriend Bartholomew.
This day, the nice girlfriend gifts from boyfriend Bartholomew included a pearl ankle bracelet, a bouquet of yellow flowers, a pack of donuts cookies, a book of love poems with fotos, a bottle of flora scented body spray, a new basket of food, and a fourth single mini-bot.
I rested a long body of silk pajamas sideways on top of the lopsided sofa, staring at the dull day of misery, exhaling with a puff of disappointment and held the object, looking down to reread the poor sentence structure on the screen.
The new mini-bot message was neatly typed onto the black screen in white letters: I am sorry, Bartholomew. Please, come back to me, Starra. I love you, Bartholomew. I am worried about you, Starra. I cannot live without you, Starra. Please, comfone me, Bartholomew!
I performed a Tele shove and a Tele dump of the fourth mini-bot down into the kitchen trash can.
Alien Day 55


Castle of Starra
Living room setting
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine of blue skies
6th hour, early morning


Seven days of rest, seven days of relaxation, seven days of peace, seven days of quiet, seven days of loneliness, seven days of imprisonment, and seven days of exile, all thoughts lingered inside my neurons.
I spat mouth salvia on the dirty window, wiping it clean with the tail of my old stinky pink sundress.
I didn’t possess a washer appliance to wash the dirty clothes. I really did passionately hate with all my loving heart the flying red birds, the dancing yellow wildflowers, the leaping green frogs, the baby blue sky, the yellow sun and the chartreuse (puke green in yellow tinted color) noblette castle.
“Right on time…“ I stood in front of the door, slamming it open with a hand when I heard the roar of the air ship.
The air ship hovered over the cobblestone street and in front of the porch. A row of metal robots detached from the black colored paint and fly head over the street, the set of broken planks of the wooden porch and through the open archway, forming a straight perfect row and floated within the air, dropped down each girlfriend gift. The last Mbot flew backwards through the archway and stopped a point zero, zero, zero three inches from the shiny black paint, slowly reattached to the air ship. Then each metal bot performed the same robot dance from the castle and to the air ship.
The door slammed shut when I kicked it with my naked feet.
I stared down at the girlfriend gifts lining in a row over the clean floor and in front of the naked wall paint of ugly greenish-yellow, moving and sat down, crossing my legs in front of the food basket for some breakfast. I turned with a sneer and eye gleamed a fresh cut bouquet of pink rosebuds, a package of wrapped pink candy, a bottle of pink tinted and flora scented perfume, a box of pink jewelry. I ate from the basket of delicious food, grabbing and flipped through a set of love stories with a set of hand drawn pictures of naked males and females with a gasp and a giggle. Then I turned and sneered at the seventh mini-bot.
Seven was a lucky number, right? Whatever!
I reached out a food stained hand and wiggled my pinky finger, performing a Tele grab and a Tele lift on the seventh mini-bot, flying it into my face.
The lid opened.
The new mini-bot message was neatly typed onto the black screen in white letters: Meet me at seven, tomorrow! Love, Bartholomew. 
I continued to hover the mini-bot in the air for a quick disposal and as a right eyeball caught a new sparkling item beside the fresh cut bouquet of sweet smelling pink rosebuds. I smiled. “My, my, my, what is this new item? An extra girlfriend present has been wrapped and delivered to me in pretty shimmery golden tinted wrapping paper with a great big golden tinted bowtie.” I held the mini-bot in the air with one hand, tossing out a Tele hold, waving the other hand and preformed a Tele snatch and a Tele lift. I placed my new girlfriend gift inside a lap, wiggling two fingers and as, the golden wrapping paper and ribbon tore off, exposing the girlfriend gift with a gasp and a smile. “How cute? How precious? How delightful?” I reached down and snatched, reading the enclosed small paper card that was planted on top of the gift with a smile of love.
The hand written card read: With love, Rann...naw…Bartholomew
I recognized the creative clothing designer style, the unique sense of personal flare, the freaking personal hand writing of Rann anywhere within the universe.
My new outfit was a gray sleeveless top and a matching gray circular skater skirt as both garments were embedded and scattered with hundreds of sparking tiny diamonds.
I surrendered, gave up, and called off my union…naw…solo strike. I brilliantly decided to meet Bartholomew, tomorrow at seven in morning. I planned to apology for my irrational silly girl-friendly teenly behavior. I sighed with satisfaction.
A few days later…


Alien Day 58


Castle of Lady Starra
Bedroom setting of Starra
Dark night without moonlight and stars
Cold temperatures with rain, lightning and thunder showers
1st hour, early morning


The loud sounds of boom, crack, clap, and dong awakened the dead from the graves but the neurons of Starra.
“Rain storm…” I rested inside a warm bed with closed eyelashes, clearing hearing the outside storm, and as I rolled onto a tummy with a hum of, flipping off the ripped mattress and stood with a grunt. I sighed with remembrance.


I mentally back flashed past within the first alien timeline, when I had fought against a band of invaders in a rainy thunderstorm and I had won.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present, I heard the pounding rain drops, the thundering clouds, the sizzling lightning bolts and the new gang of un-invited guests. The uninvited guests wobbled and mumbled in the rain outside the window of the living room near the broken front door. I signed with stupidity.
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, turning and marched into the closet, changing into my new cute gray colored outfit from Rann with the matching gray leather tinted thigh-high boots. I sighed with cuteness.
I swung around and marched out from the wardrobe closet, through the open archway and down the staircase within the darkness like an alien princess, dropping down on both kneecaps at the last step. I crawled on fours (palms and kneecaps) over the floor and stopped, crouching into a folded body behind the broken sofa. I performed a Tele grab and a Tele lift of a dry mop, a dry broom, and a cleaning metal bucket, soaring the items with a Tele fly and a Tele drop beside my kneecaps.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
They nosily stumbled through the jarred and opened window, crouching one at a time in still and quiet underneath the window pane.
Party crasher number one turned and scanned with a pair of semi-perfect eyeball vision a long sofa.
I maneuvered my body, crouching with the fanny a few inches from the floor, lifting my body by both hands and placed a boot in his way.
Party crasher number stood within the darkness, turning instinctively toward the long broken sofa to hide his body form, slowly moving and scanned the rest of the dark room. I delightfully watched him trip big time and land hard on his fit six-pack abs with a nosily thump. He cracked his skull on the big bad metal bucket from my hands, making a loud crunch like a good delicious candy bar.
Party crasher number two stood and turned, narrowing his eyelids at his buddy, who rested in a zombie-like pose over the clean floor, stopping and stood over the unconscious body. I viciously punched the broom handle into his stomach, watching him fold like a deck of cards with his drool bubbling at the lips. I nosily gagged and turned a face to the wall, sucking back up my air molecules, before I throw up over the both of them.
I performed a Tele fling with the metal bucket at his hard head, not seeing the male land beside his buddy but I could hear it with my Tele-ears. 
Party crasher number three crouched underneath the window and hunted for the girl that hid on the other side of the sofa. Yeah, I knew that.
I executed a Tele jump from the floor and stood, rearing an arm back and performed a Tele punch with a fist into the hooded face, feeling the wetness of his blood as his blood soaked down into his cloth mask.
I heard his nose bones break too.
He swirled and twirled around holding the broken nose, closing the eyelids in pain, and tripped and landed on top of his invader buddies with a series of loud sounds of crack, crunch, and clang.
Party crasher number four was a smart hole of the entire ill-mannered piggy lot, standing upright within the darkness without a mask and without a body action at the exposed window. I peek-a-booed a face above the crooked back rest of the long sofa.
He grinned at Starra.
I grinned right back at my fine worthy opponent. I sighed with pleasure.
I executed a Tele leap into the air, running with my legs through the air molecules toward the armed man who was elegantly twirling a long lead pipe with some talent using both his hands. I performed a Tele dive and extended an arm, executing a Tele grab on his forearm and a Tele lift, flinging violently his entire body air-borne through the window and back into the room, sending him into the far wall. I performed a Tele land over the wet floor as the lead pipe dropped and landed at my boot toes with a clang sound.
He rolled a body once and then landed on a rib cage over the now dirty and wet floor.
I stood with a giggle and a grin, wiping the pretend dust from both hands, carefully surveying my awesome handy work. I had exposed hardcore bodily evidence for the viewing pleasure of both Bartholomew’s folks and Dirk’s spies with my awesome foto moment.
I connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Rann: Rann, wake up? Commander Starra is calling for General Rann. Come in, Rann!
What! Rann slowly connected, linked, and then Tele talked back to Starra.
I need your help.
What?
Party at my house, big mess. Clean up crew, pronto.
Party. House. Starra attacked, again?
Sorta!
Leaving now. Rann out.
At 2nd hour (early dawn) in the cold temperatures without rain and bright stars, a single zipper and two carrier ships hovered in the air waves and gently landed on top of the wet patio deck that was used as a landing pad and as, each engine whined down into silence.
The broken door swung side to side, admitting Rann, Ty, and Nat in that order.
I stood in the middle of the floor, looking pretty and brave, rudely pointing at the scattered mice…naw…men with a smile and then yawned with ugliness of tiredness and exhaustion from playing too late at night in my Tele games. I sighed with slumber.
“Drag them to the ship, Ty.” Rann stopped inside the door and sneered down at the scattered blood…naw…bodies and advanced ahead and stopped beside Starra.
Ty and Nat dashed ahead and then stopped, squatting beside an individual body, probing the flesh.
Nat shifted both hands, triaging the body with a sour frown. “General, this and that body are going to be difficult to move. One has a broken arm and another one a broken leg.”
Rann frowned at the nose profile on Starra.
I shrugged a shoulder with an ugly yawn for a second time.
Ty sat back on his kneecaps, scanning each body with a puzzled brow. “You did this, Starra.”
I turned and yawned with a sissy whine. “It was dark. I was afraid.”
Rann reached and grabbed her arm with a chuckle and a grin, pulling her close into his face. “You! Afraid?”
Ty shook his blonde colored hairy skull with a grin and a chuckle. “I’m glad you’re on our side, Starra.” He leaned over attending to the unconscious victim of Starra’s revenge.
Rann exhaled with a sour frown. “Nat, sedate them and patch them up. We leave in five.” He looked at her nose profile, shifting his hand to her hand. “May I speak with you in private?” He turned and jerked Starra forward, moving into the dining room without any furniture, chairs, and dinner meals, stopping and turned, standing in front of her face with a new order and concern. “I want you to accompany me back to the Tele Base, now.”
I shook my bangs with a yawn. “I’m staying. Anyways, you said that I’ll be arrested if I approach Bonita.”
“Having you arrested is not my primary concern at the moment?” He grabbed her other hand, pulling her close into his worried brow.
I yawned. “Thanks for your concern and your worry, Rann. But I’m meeting with Bartholomew at five this morning. I’m going to beg, plead, yes, and gravel for my old job back,” yawning.
“I’m glad that you see the universe as a whole, not just Starra’s private little world.”
I yawned ugly with an open mouth that was nicely outlined in pink hue. Yeah, I slept in my lipstick.
Rann tightened a grip on both her hands with worry, looking over a collar bone to see the process of Ty and Nat and returned his worried brown eyes back to Starra with a stern face. “That’s in five hours. I’ll be returning to personally escort you to B.A.’s office.” I sighed with support.


Castle of King Bartholomew
Throne room setting
Cold temperatures with bright sunshine
6th hour (early morning)


I scooted inside and steered the air ship into an empty parking lot, sliding out with a giggle and a grin plus a new purpose in life.
I dashed toward the royal castle, turning and dodged the first set of royal honor guards, since I was meeting with Bartholomew early in the dang morning. Of course, the mini-bot worked that one single time between my hands and then imploded for its stupid silly security measurement. So I did not possess one piece of real hard evidence of my planned meeting with the king.
I spotted, spied, and scooted to a secret side door against the purple colored brick wall and then ran ahead, slamming into the metal door and then back stepped with a giggle. I performed a Tele tap on the door knob and unlocked it, entering the cool, damp darkness.
I ran around a maze of hallway and finally located a new side dooro of gray, stopping and stood in place, reaching out and touched the door knob. It felt cold and lonely along the wall.
I turned the knob.
The door swung open.
I entered the main corridor and turned, strolling down a dark hallway, using a Tele flair of telekinesis, so I didn’t bust my perky nostrils or my pink lips or my perfect teeth. I slowly skipped up to the second level that housed the throne room of the king, exiting into a very bright hallway, scanning for a team of roaming useless military officers.
Clear.
I stopped before turning the corner into the throne room lobby entrance and straighten my new skater skirt, tossing the gray hair prettily around my cute freckles, inhaling and exhaling with nervous energy. I sighed with anxiety.
I advanced and stopped, stood and peek-a-booed a face around the wall corner to see the royal honor unit, standing upright with a smile and turned, entering the throne room lobby. “I am Commander Starra. I have an appointment with King Bartholomew. Please tell him that I have arrived. Thank you!” I stopped and stood with a smile and a nod.
The male honor guard huffed with a sour frown. “Wait, here!” both guards turned and opened the door, entering and slammed the door shut.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I sensed a presence behind my bee-hind, swinging around to see him.
Ivan hissed like a Sahara snake first then snarled like an Agri gator second and finally sneered like a general, because he did know the right answer. “How did you get into the castle without my knowledge?”
I tried to act normal at first, then cool next and finally silly by wiggling and jiggling my smile and my body without answering.
The door opened.
The second male guard entered into the throne room lobby with a sour frown. “She said…”
Ivan leaned over and bad breathed into the face of Starra with a set of white teeth. “Guards, arrest her!” My swift options were to run or fight or surrender and as, I pirouetted around to flee Ivan and saw him.
Bartholomew moved and stood inside the archway with a smile. “Belay these orders, gentlemen!” He extended an arm. Starra moved forward and swirled around as her skater twirled, tucking into his cape with a giggle at Ivan. He pulled her into his chest with a smile and a nod to Ivan and the guards. “Dismissed, Ivan. At ease! And all return back to your post, guards.” He spun them around, escorting her into the throne room.  He said with a smile. “Starra, I’m so happy to see you. I’m so thankful you agreed to meet with me, this morning.”
I rushed the useful words for a few extra brownie points with a smile and a nod, staring at the office desk full of mini-bots. “I am so sorry, B.A. I was wrong for showing disrespect to you in front of all the nobles and your fellow officers and military folks. I hope you can forgive me. I also want to re-join your military, if that is all right with you.”
Bartholomew stopped and hugged her, leaning down and tenderly kissed her cheekbone, pulling back with a smile and moved ahead to the office desk, turning and sat inside his throne room. He shifted and knocked some of the bulky mini-bots across the table surface as some shuffled and landed on top of the thick purple colored rug without injury. He nodded with a smile to Starra. “Apology accepted. I was hoping you had come in peace and not to yell at me anymore. I’m very, very happy that you’ll be by my side on the command ship, when the War starts.”
I held my breath instead of releasing a deep whistling sigh of annoyance. I was sick of hearing, talking, and studying about the upcoming War. I wished beyond the stars to attend a royal dance, not a royal war. I sighed with depression.
Inside the exterior throne room, he turned the wall corner, moving and stopped, bowing at a fat waist and stood upright with a smile and a nod. “General Rann.”
“General Ivan.” Rann lounged comfortably inside one of the thickly padded sitting chair inside the throne room lobby, staring at the pair of honor guards and the closed door, showing no respect to his fellow noble or his superior military officer.
“Do you have business with the king?” Ivan stared at the nose profile of Rann.
“I’m waiting for Commander Starra. She has business with the king.” Rann stared at the door.
“I see.” Ivan huffed with a sour frown at the nose profile of Rann.
Rann stood and turned with a sneer, standing in front of Ivan. “I don’t think you see, Ivan. As a matter of fact, I believe that you’re as blind as an Agri bat. But I however do see.” He released a Tele grab and a Tele hold with his telekinesis, lifting a plump Ivan from the carpet and into the air by two booted feet and two air space feet, slightly tilting the fat chin of Ivan toward a wicked grin. Rann growled. “Starra is under my protection now. I didn’t understand how her name got marked on an assassin’s hit list. I want it removed, today.” Rann paused for handsomeness then sneered. “Or I will be creating my own hit list with your name upon the first row.” He performed a Tele drop, slowly lowering a plump Ivan down to the carpet with a hard thump. Rann leaned over with and growled. “Do not betray me, Ivan! I have more currs than you, the king, and the royal treasure chest. I will not hesitate to release millions of currs into the universe for all the numerous assassins, mercenaries, and spies, who are desirous into collecting a very quicksilver profit.” He paused for handsomeness then sneers. “Do I make myself clear?”
Ivan exhaled without frowning or mouth spitting on Rann. “I can see, more clearly, now.” He pivoted, spilling his bulk into the empty hallway.
The door opened. The honor guard moved to the side. Bartholomew and I happily emerged from the open archway. Rann pivoted and stood in place with a smile.
I connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Rann. You’re late.
Detained. Rann connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Starra.
Is everything all right? 
Now, it is.
Bartholomew moved forward, waving a hand with a smile. “Guards, cancel all my appointments, this morning.” He cuddled Starra with a grin. “We’re celebrating Starra’s return. Breakfast is on me.” He advanced to the open archway.
Rann pulled and marched beside Starra, gently bumping into her arm with a smile and a chuckle.
I strolled with a smile between the only two gentlemen in the universe, feeling safe, secure, and content.
They strolled toward the dining room as three friends, pals, and buddies again who were known, the three musketeers of the universe. I sighed with happiness.
Bartholomew had not fully accepted the death of his sister Ivy but he had successfully controlled his straying sad emotions and vengeful temperaments much better, since that day. I sighed with joy.
Inside the private dining room, the breakfast meal was served by a group of real citizens in a very private, very secluded, and very secure location, free of comlens, comfones, and bots.
Rann sat the small dining table on the opposite side of Bartholomew with a smile, holding onto a knife and a fork without eating the nutritious meal. “I’ve acquired new datum about Dirk’s current operations, B.A.”
“Specify.” Bartholomew ate and chewed, staring down the plate of food.
I sat at the head of the small table, swinging my curls and my frown to see the nose profile of Rann in bitter silence.
Rann smiled at the hair roots of Bartholomew, since Rann had interrogated his prisoners…naw…her prisoners on planet Bonita for some new information. “My sources have revealed that Dirk’s on Resort. There’s also unrest in his fake empire among the low and high ranks of his officers, warriors, and citizens. I hope you don’t mind. I’ve taken the free liberty of ordering an unauthorized mission. At this very moment, I have sent a rescue team to the Wall to collect some three hundred former citizens, soldiers, and officers along with their family members and children, who are escaping from Dirk’s pretend Empire.” He ate the food with a grin and turned, raising and wiggled the eye brows at Starra.
Bartholomew chewed and swallowed, saying with a nod. “I’m going to put you in for an accommodation and a medal for leadership, courage, and bravery, Rann.”
Rann was as defiant as Starra about wearing the new issued pressed and ironed blue military uniform, opting for the open vest that decorated with a set of small semi-precious gems along with his rippling tanned muscles.
Rann asked. “Will you include my rescue team as well on your declaration?” He sipped on the beverage.
Bartholomew nodded. “Done. Who are your sources?” I sighed with nervousness.
Don’t Rann! I connected, linked, and Tele talked to Rann.
“Captured mercenaries.” Rann ignored Starra, stealing a single eye gleam at her. I frowned and chewed the food.
Bartholomew chewed and swallowed the food, saying with a stern face to Rann. “They invaded Bonita.”
Rann chewed and swallowed the food. I stared with a frown at the nose profile of Rann. He smiled. “No.”
Bartholomew mopped up the single biscuit around the gravy sauce on the plate, listening intensively to Rann’s ramblings. I watched the facial reactions of Bartholomew. “Where did they come from?” Bartholomew asked.
“Commerce.” Rann looked down and mopped up the food with a grin.
I was getting seasick with dizziness.
Bartholomew looked up with a sour frown to see Rann. “Mercenaries, there’re mercenaries on my planet, without my knowledge. Why didn’t Ivan report this to me?”
Rann looked up with a sour frown to see the king. “B.A, the spies, a few assassins, many mercenaries along with lots of block aid runners live and work on Commerce, Agri, Tech, and Sahara. They’re the only viable worlds left in the universe. They present as a regular citizen holding a regular job. But, when dangled with large quantities of currs they immediate transform into another set of altered beasts, who work on profit, not morals.”
Bartholomew looked down and finished eating the food, reaching and grabbed the beverage, sipping the juice.
Rann turned and smirked at Starra.
I reached and placed the fork on the corner of my full plate of food.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I turned with a worried brow and scanned all the solid purple painted walls for an exit like an escape, seeing a single exit door behind the butt-hole of Rann, of course. I sighed with entrapment.
Bartholomew finished the beverage, dropping the glass and wiped the lips with a confused brow to see Rann. “Was the target a base?”
Rann shook a skull, reaching for the cup. “Not a physical location.” He lifted and sipped the last drops of the brown warm cocoa.
I turned with a distorted face and a sneer. Then I connected, linked, and Tele talked to Rann. Stop playing around, Rann.
Rann dropped the cup and performed a Tele shield over his open active mind with a chuckle and a smile without words.
Maybe, I should try a more direct assault, such as, a swift and painful kick into his left shin from my booted leather right foot. I sighed with help.
“If it wasn’t one of my military bases, then it must a citizen?” Bartholomew frowned with a nod at Rann.
Rann reached down and touched the bread with a smile. “Yes.”
Bartholomew looked down with a puzzled brow to see the food plate as he was intrigued that one of his citizens was a target of a gang of ill-mannered and rudeness mercenaries. I stared at the nose profile of Bartholomew in silence. Bartholomew whipped up a chin with a puzzled brow to see Rann. “Who was the target?”
Rann cuts his eyeballs to Starra with a grin. “Your girlfriend,” chuckling.
Bartholomew stood, spilling food over the plate, the table, and the floor. “Starra!” Then he performed a mouth spat of the chewed food particles over his food plate.
I turned and gagged with disgust at the far wall.
Bartholomew lifted and wiped his lips with the napkin, turning with a confused brow to see Starra. “Starra is the target of what exactly. I don’t understand, Rann.”
Rann chuckled with a nod for fun. “Assassination, kidnapping, intimidation, bounty hunters, take your pick, B.A.?”
I slammed a palm on the table for undivided attention as the table rattled violently with a sneer. “You, Rann are blowing this incident way out of proportion all the way to the Wall. Now, stop this insane!”
Bartholomew still stood and still stared at the hair roots of Starra like she might implode or something bad. “I think not.” Bartholomew frowned.
“I think so.” I sneered at Bartholomew.
“I don’t think so.” Rann smiled.
“I am safe.” I growled at Bartholomew.
“You are not safe.” Rann grinned.
“The fourth attempt on your life.” Bartholomew frowned.
“Third.” Rann chuckled.
“Second.” I snarled.
“I have decided.” Bartholomew nodded with a grin.
“Decided what?” Rann frowned.
Bartholomew turned and nodded to Rann and Starra. “I’m going to place you under house arrest, Starra. You’re confined to my castle until the end of the War.”
I slammed both palms on the table as it really rocked and rolled with my tiny touch of Tele flair of fury. I was about to flame out all the way to the Wall. “What!?” I yelled.
“What for?” Rann frowned.
“You can’t order me around, B.A.” I sneered.
“Can’t I? I’m your superior officer, your king and your boyfriend.” Bartholomew sat with a chuckle.
“I might be able to offer another alternative to Starra’s incarceration.” Rann grinned.
“What alternative?” Bartholomew frowned at Rann.
“No alternative!” I turned and growled at Rann.
“I can place Starra under my protection. I’ll personally guarantee her safely.” Rann grinned.
“You will not.” I sneered at Rann.
“I will.” Rann smiled.
“You will.” Bartholomew nodded with a smile.
“We leave for the Tele Base, this morning. Bonita is covered with a little more than five hundred Tele warriors under my personal command, remember, B.A.? No one will harm Starra, I promise,” Rann lifted and held three finger pads in the air for fun.
I hissed to Rann.
Bartholomew scooped up the food with a smile and a nod. “I agree.”
“I agree, too.” Rann nodded with a smile.
“I don’t agree.” I exhaled.
Rann stood and slammed the chair into the wall with a smile, scooting around and stood behind the chair and the rear skull of Starra, reaching down and grabbed the back rest of the chair and lifted upward.
I tumbled forward and stood in fury, slamming into the table edge, missing the full plate of food.
Bartholomew continued to chow down into the plate of breakfast.
Rann smiled at her rear skull, grabbing one of her wavering hands. “I am ready. Have you finished your breakfast, Commander? Good.” He turned and jerked Starra from the table.
I gasped. “I…Rann…”
Rann led Starra by the hand through the closed archway with a grin, exiting the dining room, leaving Bartholomew to finish his breakfast, alone. I sighed with fury.


Planet Bonita
Tele Training Base
Administration office setting of Starra and Rann
Warm temperatures with partly cloudy
11th hour, early afternoon


Rann dived down from the white clouds, skimming the ground surface and slowed down, hovering in the air and over a spot of dirt.
The ship door opened.
I performed a Tele leap from the passenger seat inside the zipper, landing down and crouched inside the dirt, before he dropped the three wheels down into the dirt. I stood dashed toward the administration Office, since Rbots were working on a row of new buildings.
Rann and I had decided that the Tele residence building came first, then the Tele training buildings, before our private houses.
I slammed the wood and hit the peeling wall with fury without slamming the peeling wall because of the good door hinges.
The door was caught with a quick hand and as, a hot tall body stalked after Starra and around her partition, stopping and stood in place. Rann whispered with a worried brow. “Starra!?” I sighed with angry.
I halted with fury only because I owed greatly my ‘bestest’ buddy Rann a lot for his currs, his buildings, his Rbots, and his everything. I gracefully pirouetted with a sour frown and a whisper from my lips. “Why did you tell Bartholomew? Haven’t you ever heard of the popular phrase ‘on a need to know basis?’” I viewed the floor with a sour frown and a deep sigh. I sighed with protection.
Rann flexed and crossed both biceps over a naked chest with a puzzled brow, staring down at her silver tinted hair roots. “Hmm, that’s an old Earth expression. Or is it a new alien one?” He uncrossed his biceps and moved closer to her with a smile and stopped, standing over her hair roots with a whisper. “Bartholomew needs to know about the mercenaries, the threats, the invasion, the attacks, the spies, the assassins, but he does not need to know about you, Starra.”
I looked up with a gasp and parted my lips. “Me!”
My Tele senses pinged. Everything is fine, darling.
I stared with a stern face into his dancing brown eyes. “I couldn’t possibly fathom what you think that you might be saying here, Rann.”
Rann stepped closer into her space, lifting and placed both hands over her collar bone, pulling Starra into his chest with a smile and a tongue of sweet breath into her stern face with his soft words. “You know what I’m saying, Starra. The hints are so subtle like a secret love affair. Your lack of noble protocol.” He paused for handsomeness. I pushed away. He pulled her closer into his naked chest. “Your extensive knowledge of Earth history. Your compassion for the commoners.” I pushed away. Rann pulled her back into his heated chest. “Your four talents of Tele abilities.” I pushed away. He performed and held a Tele bubble with his telekinesis around the both of them. “That last clue had pulled the puzzle together for me. You’re a great actress, Starra. After my Tele transference, it became all clear. You became very clear to me, Starra.”
My Tele senses pinged. Everything is fine, darling.
“Don’t say it! Since you like to communicate in a set of silly riddles, Rann.” I jerked both arms into the air and preformed a Tele shove, breaking the Tele bubble as I was the Tele mistress here, not the Tele pupil like newbie Rann. I shoved away his heated naked chest and his strong biceps, pirouetting to see my personal empty office desk. I sighed with work.
Rann stood in place with a smile and a whisper. “I see your real identity, your true identity, and your secret identity, Starra.” He paused for handsomeness and whispered with a smile. “The Book states that a citizen develops one or maybe two Tele talents, not four individual talents. No citizen possesses four Tele talents within this universe.”
“Dirk does.” I rolled my eyeballs and stared down at the floor with a sour frown.
“He does not.” Rann frowned.
I twirled around as my skirt hit the edge of his trousers. I frowned. “What?”
Rann reached and pulled Starra into his naked chest with a whisper. “Dirk is a mover and a tracker. Rita is a healer. Ty is a tracker. Dan is a seer. You are…”
I exhaled. “No…”
He shifted both hands down to her waist, hugging Starr into his naked chest with a tongue of sweet breath and a whisper. “There is not another citizen in this universe with four talents. You are…”
“Alien,” I closed my eyelashes with a deep sign. I sigh with exposure.
Rann pulled back with a smirk and a nod, seeing her face, “An alien princess from planet Earth.” I sighed with queasiness.
I opened my eyelashes without nodding with the alien acknowledgment to Rann and said with a whisper. “What are you going to do, Rann?”
Rann leaned over and hugged Starra into his chest with a whisper and smile into her stunned and tear-stained face. “I’m going to protect you, Starra. I promised that I would defend you with my life. I always keep my promises to my friends, but I do kill my foes, thou,” laughing.
My jumbled alien emotions drowned inside my mind and as, my heart rapidly thumped, wanting to exit the chest cavity. My eyeballs burst into a set of hot wet tears and as, I prettily cried from each eye socket.
Rann tightened both biceps around her entire body, cuddling, protecting, comforting, and reassuring Starra with safety as she was really an alien who was living within an alien galaxy. Rann whispered. “Everything is going to be fine, Starra.” He had quoted the favorite earthling sentence from the grandma of Starra Starbelt.
My heart melted from this tenderness and as, my eye socket tears flooded onto his naked chest and his naked arms, going all the way down to the naked floor into a set of imagery empty buckets. I cried then sobbed and then sobbed and then cried, repeating that ugly pattern until I had completely been exhausted of body water and mental strength.
Rann hugged her, pulling back with a smile. “Sit here, Starra!” He had tired of holding upright a semi-conscious dead weigh female inside his chest with his complicate and conflicting emotions too.
Rann and I back stepped and turned, sitting down on top of the new long sofa together.
He reached and pulled out a cloth handkerchief, lifting and gently patting her two swollen eye sockets from the flood of tears and smiled, assuring her with a peace of mind. “I know that you are from planet Earth, but no one else does. No one needs to know that information and no one ever will, Starra. I promise.” I sighed with danger.
I held another secret and my breath, slowly exhaling both with a worried brow. “Uh! I appreciate you lending me your shoulder to cry on as we, earthlings say. And you want to protect me and you while keeping my secret, but…”
He cocked his chin, performing a Tele probe on her mind. “But?”
I slapped up a Tele bubble, slapping back his mental intrusion for protection and concern. “Dirk knows.”
He gasped. “Impossible.”
I exhaled with a nod. “Rosa knew. Rosa told Rex. Rex told Rita. Rita told Dirk. Dirk…”
He stood and moved to the cloth partition, staring into the whiteness of the fabric with his heavy thoughts.
I could feel from my Tele powers his concerns and his fears, tipping at the edge of his Tele mind. 
Then Rann dropped the Tele shield.
I heard his mental thoughts into my open mind.
Rann connected, linked, and then Tele talked to the universe: No one can fight Dirk. No one can kill Dirk. No one in this universe can complete that task.
I gasped with worry and closed down our impromptu mental connection with all of my personal thoughts. I was not birthed here and was not controlled as a child by each deceptive and talented Tele teacher which had been trained by Lady Rosa on the universe school on planet Uni. And I was not intimidated by the combination vile threats of Rosa, Rex, Ivan, Rita, and Dirk as I was an alien here. And I possessed a set of four extraordinary talented special purpose alien powers from planet Earth.
I stood and dashed, stopping and posing behind his back spine and reached out, touching his collar bone with a stern face, projecting happy thoughts into his open mind. Yeah, I could do that. I whispered with a worried brow. “Rann, don’t worry. I can handle Dirk.” I sighed with overconfidence.
Rann spun around and hugged Starra with a worried brow and a whisper. “I see and understand, too. Dirk has been attempting to kill you, since you landed inside the universe.”
I smirked with a giggle and a whisper of amusement. “That ain’t no secret, darling.”
Rann hugged her closer with a whisper. “Starra, Dirk wants you dead, because you can change the universe.” He pulled back with a stern face and a whisper. “You are an alien. You can change everything, Starra.” He was dashing, charming, and smart but a little late with postulating that ‘Kill you, Starra’ theory.
I exhaled in silence with my mental thoughts. Yeah, I changed the universe big time again like I did inside the first alien timeline. But I could fix it back too. I sighed with make it right.
I nodded with a confused brow. “The War might never start. The War might continue for decades. The War might end in one day. I don’t know which alien outcome is coming true from my alien presence within the new galaxy. I see these scary visions every night, but I do know this. My presence here is the unpredictable variable causing the outcomes to leap into a different time and space path. I have been contemplating that I should leave the War. Maybe, I should leave the planet. Maybe, I should leave the universe and return back to…”
“No!” He gasped and leaned over, hugging Starra into his chest, saying with a whisper. “No, I mean that I do not want you to give up, Starra.” He pulled back with a fake smile and a nod. “You are here for a true reason. Dirk is the one that needs to leave the universe, maybe I can assist with that act, too. Please reassure me that you are going to stay and help me fight against Dirk and his pretty sidekick Rita,” smiling.
I nodded with a smile. “Yeah, man, I’ll stay for you, Rann. I’ll help you fight against Dirk and Rita, I promise.”
Rann smiled. “I’m very pleased with your quick decision. Dirk isn’t going to kill you. I know that for a fact.” I sighed with puzzlement.
I frowned. “I tested you as a seer, Rann. You failed perfectly well. So how can you possibly predict within your Tele view of teleclairvoyance that Dirk isn’t going to kill me?”
He hugged her into his chest with a laugh and a growl. “I’m going to save you, Starra. And I promise that. Prince Rann doesn’t break his promises to his friends and only kills his foes with broken bones.”
I smiled at my ‘bestest’ friend in the universe, smelling his wonderful cologne of musk and pine cones. 
He pulled with a stern face and a nod to see Starra. “I have always wanted to ask you about the Tele power of teleclairvoyance which is seeing a future event. Can you really see the future, Starra?”
I gasped with a giggle. “Do you want me to foretell your future, Rann?”
Rann parted his lips with a gasp and then smiled with a nod. “Forget it, Starra. I am just teasing you. I wanted to take your mental thoughts off of vile Dirk.” He released her and swung around, stomping toward the partition
I always had seen a clear future vision of Prince Rann for many months. I tossed an arm into the air with a stern face. “Wait!” Rann spun around with a stern face to see her. I nodded with a smile. “I want to share something with you about your future, Rann. I don’t know exactly what it means. I do see images, but each image doesn’t hold any significance to me. Maybe, this vision will hold something special for you.” He cocked a chin with a stern face at her. I exhaled with a puff of glee and a smile. “I see you as a king.”
He frowned. “You mean as a leader underneath our king, Bartholomew.”
I shook my curls, seeing the image on the tip of my mind. “Naw, I see you as a king of a nation.”
He shook a skull with a laugh. “You’re correct. Your images aren’t significant to me, either. I suggest that you rely on your other three awesome Tele powers as a guide into your own future,” chuckling with her.
A few days later…


Alien Day 60


Planet Resort
Cold and dark outer space orbit
Ram ship command center setting
5th hour (mid-twilight)


A fleet of silver tinted large freighter ships, medium sized carrier ships and tiny zipper ships flew through the cold molecules of outer space from the planets of Commerce, Bonita, and Agri, following behind one single silver tinted giant ram ship that belonged to King Bartholomew and halted in outer space, orbiting the planet of Resort.
I had flown with Rann inside his personal super-duper zipper ship, since I was the hostess with the mostess of the stupid War between Dirk and Bartholomew. I sighed with stupidity.
Rann dropped my fanny off the landing dock and then flew from the ram ship and down to the planet of Resort to prep for the upcoming stupid War between Dirk and Bartholomew. I sighed with twin stupidity.
I strolled through the busy hallways, brushing up against wet and sweaty citizens, regarding the stupid upcoming War between Dirk and Bartholomew and finally entered the command center which was located on the top level of the ship, a stupid spot for the upcoming stupid War between Dirk and Bartholomew that might get blown into zillions of outer space dust. I sighed with extreme stupidity.
I moved and stopped, standing between the two throne chairs, looking down at the pretty sheet of gray marble, up to see the shiny golden instruments, and up higher to finally see the back spine of Bartholomew, who stood in front of a gigantic comlen on the forward wall of the ram ship. I turned and frowned at the fine details of the command center of the ram ship. “Where did you acquire this big ship, B.A.?” I turned and paced in front of the two throne chairs, awaiting an answer.
Bartholomew stood and stared into the screen of black cold starry outer space, since the War hasn’t official started their engines or their motors or their whatever. “Tech World,” he rushed the word, busying a set of ten fingers, playing joyfully on the set of colored round knobs at the main console panel under the watchful eye of the real captain of the ram ship.
I turned and posed prettily between the two throne chairs, parking both hands on top of the diamond stubbed waistband with a sour frown at his back spine. “Tech world, when were you there on that planet, B.A?” I added more words to my query for his excellent hearing and his empty mind to comprehend.
Bartholomew continued to touch more switches on the command console as the real captain of the ram ship shook a skull and slammed the fingers of the king. Bartholomew smiled. “During one of my raids, I confiscated the ram ship for my War.”
“Raids…” that I didn’t attend, either. I turned and marched back and forth in front of the two throne chairs, staring down at the pretty golden colored marble that clashed with the silver tinted walls out of boredom. The rear row of chairs behind the throne seats were occupied with a staff of new military warriors as the entire military waited to start of the stupid smart hole War.
“While you were pouting inside your castle, Starra, I was using my limited resources to requisition men and materials for the War.” Bartholomew exhaled, performing a virtual slap in the face or on the fanny of her cyber-super-ego.
I stopped and turned, staring at his back spine. I didn’t know which bother me more the slap on the cheek or the other slap on the cheek as both cheeks were stinging from a virtual pain. I turned and paced back and forth in front of the two throne chairs, eye burning the pretty white colored marble floor. Both cupped hands bounced up and down against my fanny and as, my eardrums heard a set of different timbres that pronounced a loud vocal checklist which was bombarding the ear wax inside my skull.
“Command ship ready.”
“Check.”
“Sky troops ready.”
“Check.”
“Land troops ready.”
“Check.”
“Tele warriors ready.”
“Check.” The voice of Rann said via the comfone.
I stopped and turned, staring at the wall, where a comlen composed the entire space. The handsome face of Rann had disappeared from the comfone. I closed my eyelashes, performing a Tele tap of teleclairvoyance.
Rann was decked out handsomely, wearing his standard traditional outfit, a sleeveless and a shirtless open collar golden vest with a pair of matching trousers that were neatly tucked down into a pair of dirty brown colored knee boots. He held a silver tinted sword in a right hand and a maser in the left, leading all the Tele warriors against the Tele solider of Dirk’s Tele-soldiers. I sighed with absence.
I whispered. “I ain’t ready for this.” I opened my eyelashes and cut the Tele line, turning and paced back and forth with worry and concern.
Bartholomew back stepped from the command console and spun around, scanning the command crew, motioning with both arms and a smile. “This War will end the feuding, the hatred, and the suffering of my citizens in the galaxy.”
I stopped and turned, staring with a stern face at Bartholomew. “Wars do not solve problems, B.A. They create them. Peace solves problems and creates compassion and understanding and…”
Bartholomew moved to the taller throne chair with a kingly sneer and kingly orders. “Sit down, Starra!” He turned and sat inside the purple colored padded seat that clashed with the golden tinted throne chair with a kingly frown and a kingly sneer, staring at the comlen of black and cold space. “You’re making me nervous.”
There were two throne chairs, a great big one for the butt-hole of the host of the War and a small one for the Hostess of the War. I stood and stared at a perpendicular angle from my throne chair, parking both fists on top of the waistband and as my knuckles caressed the smooth diamonds around the belt that fit my waist. I sighed with madness.
I frowned. “I’m too nervous to sit.” I swung around to face the comlen of outer space, whining like an alien princess. “I wanna fly…”
Bartholomew turned and punched onto the built-in mini-bot on the throne chair with a kingly grin. “Your place is here with me, darling. We discussed this in great detail, yesterday.”
Bartholomew had told Starra the same exact words within the same sentence structure yesterday, the day before yesterday. He said with a kingly snarl. “Rann knows his duty to the Crown.” He ended the discussion thread with the same sentence structure too.
Bartholomew didn’t exhibit the emotions of a broken heart and an angry lost for his sister Ivy but he still blamed his best friend Rann and his best girl Starra. Plus, Bartholomew blamed his own stupid neglect with his carelessness by starting the War with everyone.
I pouted at the comlen. “I am leader…” of the Teles, remember, pal?
Bartholomew tapped on the mini-bot with a kingly fake smile. “You are the leader of the Teles. I will not dispute that fact. The other fact is that you are more valuable to me here on the bridge of the kingly command ship. I don’t want you in the middle of the War, Starra. If you get kidnapped again, I might not know about it. Or worse, I might not be able to rescue you.” The mini-bot beeped with a new message.
“I take care….” of me. Do you remember, pal?
Bartholomew said with a kingly fake smile, reading the mini-bot information. “Of course, you can, sweetheart.”
I rolled my eyeballs and stared at the comlen wall of outer space. The fleet of rusty and silver tinted ships was located behind the fanny of the ram ship for protection of safety and love of the king or whatever. I really hated his sweet talk, feeling like a silly girlfriend as I surrendered both my mind and my body to boredom of the stupid War. I moved forward and turned, sitting on the edge of the smaller throne chair, huffing and puffing musically for fun. The air bubbles attacked the walls, the floor, and the air. 
Bartholomew turned with a puzzled brow to see the nose profile of Starra. “By the way, where’s your uniform?”
“My uniform?” I bounced up and down over the padded chair with a smirk. The nice and pretty bowtie purple colored square box didn’t bounce but rested inside the seat of the broken sofa inside my castle on planet Commerce. I unlucky sat inside the kingly ram ship of the command center, facing the sunny side of planet Resort. I sighed with lucky.
“Your uniform?” Bartholomew scanned with a confused brow her new cute and gray uniform.
“At the dry cleaners…” I smiled, bouncing up and down, wearing the other uniform. The beautiful gray tinted outfit was a skater skirt and a sleeveless top that showed off my lean biceps. The uniform possessed a starburst of tiny shiny diamonds around the collar and the waist which all came from a thoughtful and handsome Rann. I sighed with emotions that I should not possess, ya’ll.
“Where’s your uniform, Starra?” Bartholomew frowned at her nose profile.
I bounced up and down with a giggle of my delightful secret, staring with a smirk at the comlen of black colored with tons of bright white stars of cold outer space.
The comlen blinked into another life form, showing a pair of fat rosy pink sweaty yuck-o cheekbones only. The voice of the fat cheeks said from the comlen. “Bartholomew, we have engaged the enemy. Ivan, out!”
Bartholomew wasn’t too swift and nodded to the comlen of black outer space. “Keep me posted, Ivan. Bartholomew, out!” I sighed with dread.
I connected, linked, and Tele talked to Rann. My warriors?
Our warriors are strong. Holding the line against Dirk. Rann, out! Rann connected, linked, Tele talked to Starra.
The comlen blinked into many colors. There was an assortment of mixed flying zippers and carriers, fighting among the backdrop of black outer space. The comlen screen split in half.
“O.” I exhaled.
The other of the comlen showed the ground surface movement on the dirt side in the forms of purple dots against the orange sand. Citizens were dying. Warriors were dying. Friends were dying. Families were dying. I sighed with death.
My tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
A visible military warrior ran and passed, moving away from the comlen wall with a worried brow, pointing at the gigantic red maser bomb. “Incoming!”
I dropped down from the throne room and hit the polished marble without breaking my nose and my teeth, performing a Tele slap with an invisible hand, dropping Bartholomew beside me. I executed a Tele bubble around the both of us within a half of a blink of my eyelash. I was good. A barge of sharp glass fragments, pieces of metal parts from equipment, fragment of red blood proteins and white body bones crashed into the Tele bubble as the exploding comlen missed both of them.
The dust cleared.
Bartholomew stood and squatted, helping Starra to stand, turning and pointed into the steaming hallway with a sneer. “Evacuate to the secondary bridge.” He led first through the new weirdly shaped archway, marching over the dead and bloody bodies.
I turned and tripped over a dead body with a sneer, continuing to trip over the dead bodies with more sneers, following behind the back spines of the troops and marched really slowly into the crowded hallway.
Bartholomew continued to march a forward foot path without a musical trumpeter, moving to the backup command center which was all the way across the diagonal ram ship about 1,245 feet. Yeah, I measured it. He was shouting orders to the troops and vile curses at Dirk. I sighed with escape.
I slowly strolled, allowing the half-panicked and half-brave devoted non-Tele warrior to surround and protect my body. Then the non-Tele warriors scooted around me, following Bartholomew.
I stopped in place, sliding sideways and ducked into the new archway from the explosion, turning and running down the new hallway from the explosion too and gliding around the new wall corner, performing a Tele find of the freaking docking bay of ships and halted with a grin and a giggle.
I dashed to the farthest zipper near the open portal, sliding into the soft leather pilot chair with a smile. I did not bother to warm the cold engine, executing a Tele flair of telekinesis on the metal engine. I silently performed a Tele lift on the zipper, moving vertically up from the cold concrete floor and a Tele shove, shooting horizontally through open portal hole and flew free like an outer space eagle. No such thing, ya’ll. I flew deeply inside cold black outer space of minus 1000 degrees.
On the 6th hour, early morning, during the flight of Starra inside the stolen, naw, borrowed zipper ship within cold and black outer space at 1,000 degrees Fahrenheit, the intergalactic battle of the King’s pilots versus the Emperor’s pilots beautifully intensified near the mouth of ram ship that belonged to Bartholomew.
Yeah, I was miffed with annoyance inside the crammed cockpit of the stolen zipper that did work, talking back to console of black tinted instruments with a sour frown. “I really don’t wanna be a part of your stupid star ship fight, but if you insist upon pizzing me off all the way to the Wall, then I will oblige your dumbo request.” I pressed an array of several buttons with numerous finger pads, blasting out an assortment of yellow, green, and red maser waves to the left and to the right. The pretty colored maser waves blew out a clear path for my zipper along with numerous enemy ships of Dirk. The enemy ships of Dirk morphed into an array of tiny balls of purple and orange space dust. I nodded with a smile. “Wow, I’m good at this at this war stuff, ya’ll.”
An array of yellow maser beams hit the underbelly of Dirk’s ram ship causing very little minimal damage from the attacking fleet of Agri carriers which missed eighty-nine percent of the metal.
I exhaled with a puff of annoyance, pressing the button and aim, targeting and fired a red maser bomb. The red maser discharge soared into a direct hit at the big, silver monster, brilliantly slamming into the port side. The ram ship from Emperor Dirk slowly titled its belly to the sideways pose as numerous Commerce and Agri star ships assaulted the wounded prey.
I continued to fly my ship, angling down from the stars, soaring through the clouds, stalking my enemy and then planned to kill on my number one foe Dirk.
The comfone on my zipper perfectly imitated the bass timber of Bartholomew with, “Starra, I order you…”
I reached and pulled out the set of black wires on the comfone. Silver painted on the comlen. Static on the comfone.
I giggled with my naughty behavior. “Sorry, faulty equipment, Your High-not-nice!” I executed a Tele find, searching the ground surface for the tall figure of Dirk, seeing the active and bloody front lines of battle. I flew the zipper toward an eastern and pretty nice direction, moving away from the War.
Dirk and Rita flew in the same eastern horizon, fleeing the intense bloody fighting action too and parked the single undamaged carrier ship in hiding between a set of two high rolling hills of green grass and colorful wild flowers.
I tossed both arms with a happy shout inside the cockpit of the stolen zipper. “Found ya!”
On the 8th hour (early morning) in the grassy and wildflower hilltop setting among the warm temperatures and bright sunlight, I reached and pressed the button, killing the engine. I didn’t want to give away the advantage of revenge in silence. I performed a Tele grab and a Tele lift on the flying star ship, keeping the dead weight of the heavy zipper in the air, soaring low and steady over the bumps of the hills and the tree roots. 
The zipper dived down low over the grass and sailed closer to the soil and then halted. I performed a Tele drop and parked the zipper on top of the pretty grassy hilltop. I sat inside the pilot chair and slapped the tights on both covered legs with both palms, realizing that I was without a maser, a sword, a spear, or a club on my body and inside the zipper and was really good at poor planning, as usual.
I immediate felt the outline of a tiny dagger with the tiny diamond hilt, a gift from Rann and smiled like a devilette, using the dagger and my secret Tele powers to kill Dirk, like new.
I reached and performed a Tele slap on the door with an elbow and a snigger.
The pilot door slid open.
I rolled off the seat, swinging around, sliding down on a pair of booted feet over the slick wet grass, going down the grassy hill toward a valley of pretty tall and short colorful wildflowers. I sighed with purpose.
Dirk sensed the powerful presence through his Tele abilities, stopping and slid over the tall grass and halted in place, spinning around with a gasp, seeing Starra. He sneered with fighting fury.
My Tele eardrums picked up the subtle sound of Dirk.
He stood in place, twirling gracefully a curved golden sword with a right hand through the air waves, lifting and accurately aimed the red maser with the other hand at the right eyeball of Starra.
The gently winds blew with hurricane force from the west. I folded down at a fit waist and elegantly somersaulted down the rest of the grassy hillside, executing a Tele jump into the air and a Tele land into a standing upright pose of beauty with a smile at Dirk. I sighed with great damage.
The invisible winds increased exponentially as an array of loose flying debris, such as, swords, cloth tents, food cans, and small pieces of cooking equipment flew off from a nearby or two solider encampments, tumbling throughout the air waves like a series of junky tornados. The array of garage smashed over the grassy hilltop and down inside the valley of wildflowers between Dirk and Starra.
The series of small Tele tornadoes were produced from the hand-to-hand fighting between the Tele warriors of Rann and the Tele soldiers of Dirk.
I lifted both of my open palms over my hair roots and retrieved an air-borne silver saber and a silver body shield from the blue sky, hearing a loud roar and then turned to show off the left side of my freckles and as an airborne dead zipper filled both of my eyeballs with fear. I pointed the saber at the approaching zipper ship and suspended it over wildflower and performed a Tele flick of telekinesis with a wrist bone to the right side of my person.
The zipper hurled straight at Dirk, missing him completely, and as he darted to the left with a laugh.
I sighed with failure.
Dirk performed a Tele leap into the air and a Tele land on booted feet, running toward Starra and as his cloak swirled elegantly around his body for beauty and protection. I sighed with grit.
I executed a Tele jump forward, decreasing the math distance between us, greeting with a gritted smile of our finally death match.
Dirk vs. Starra. Starra vs. Dirk.
Winner lived. Loser died.
Dirk ran ahead and fired a series of short red rays from the maser in a left hand at Starra.
My silver shield quickly ate each short red colored ray, regurgitating the heat back upon the coating of silver from the deadly impact. A single red maser wave caused the flesh of a citizen or an animal to peel back down into the raw and naked white bones during the immediate disintegration process into nothingness. I sighed with fear.
The red wave after wave of vivid light melted my body shield into an assortment of silver tinted streams of glittering goo, dropping and dripping onto the pretty green grass. I run at Dirk.
He frowned down at the useless maser and tossed the hand weapon, lifting and arched a golden tinted sword with both hands over his red colored hair roots.
They met with two inches of golden tint from her freckles.
I swiftly jerked backward an entire body, bringing up a right fighting hand with the silver sword.
They violently clashed with the bodies of sweat and swords of tings.
Gold hit silver. 
A newly created set of twin silver shields dropped down before my kneecaps by the sideways decapitation of the pretty round protection shield. I released the handle and held a two fisted hand hold the sword. I swung the silver blade against his pale flesh, ripping some of his new white uniform, scraping the silver blade against his baby soft pale skin, coming from his left kneecap down to his ankle bone. Red blood, pale skin, and red hair coated the silver blade with yuck-o, ya’ll.
I fell down on the kneecaps, cleanly wiping the fresh red and pale flesh onto the pretty green grass, without gagging up my delicious afternoon lunch.
Dirk jerked backward from Starra, landing on a healthy right leg, babying a left foot with both palms.
I looked up with a grin and a giggle to see Dirk. “Simon says.” I sighed with retribution.
I executed a Tele jump and a Tele land, falling down on top of his hair roots, missing.
He darted to the left.
I missed his sorry butt-hole, again. I lifted and chopped the silver blade sideways at his temple, hitting the golden blade instead.
The two swords twisted to the left and to the right, blocking the gold and then the silver.
He sliced the blade into her forearm, drawing the red blood.
I punctured his bicep with the sliver tip, drawing the red blood.
Dirk and I snarled then snorted and then sneered at each other, dancing with a rhythm pattern of thrust. Step. Parry. Step. Forward. Step. Backward. Step.
The gold and silver sung in soprano tones.
Pain! I swung around with a puzzled brow to face her.
Empress Rita raised a bright red tainted fresh bloody golden tinted curved blade with a giggle and a grin.
I performed a Tele scan on my beaten body, finding a slice diagonal slice of broken skin on a back spine, containing a series of new pink cuts and red stinging pain. I executed a Tele whip with telekinesis, performing a Tele grab at the second golden sword from her finger pads.
Dirk stood in place, glittering like a white ghost within the blind side of Starra, slicing his golden sword low across the four-pack abdomen of Starra, severing the gray outfit as the cloth dropped and fell down to the bloody green grass. I sighed with fury. 
Rita lacked any type of Tele flying ability with telekinesis. She was only a healer, using her only telemetabolics power. Hence, I battled one and a half Tele in the technical sense.
I lunged at the golden sword within the cupped hand of Dirk with my tiny dagger, using the silver sword against approaching Rita, missing both of us completely.
Rita elegantly jumped backward in a fitted white uniform and nice pair of white colored knee-high boots.
I performed a Tele shove with Telekinesis on her fanny, moving Rita further toward the pretty hill and far, far away from me.
I gracefully twirl around in my skirt and painfully throbbed from my back spine wound, hissing at Dirk.
Dirk did not give up easily either, slicing a two-fisted golden sword parallel to the throat of Starra.
I lifted and blocked the gold with my silver, moving backward, stabbing the tiny dagger into his exposed and bleeding chest, adding another War injury with a giggle and a grunt.
He swung around in a circle as the silver of Starra missed his body part. Then the gold met the silver, again.
Dirk and Starra hit, nicked, grazed, cut, scratched, and scraped numerous body parts on her and him, attacking each other’s arms, legs, chest, neck, back, shoulders, and hairy skull.
Red blood dripped from the silver and as I jump backward from the golden tip and moved far, far away from Dirk, landing down on a kneecap over the grass.
Dirk copied Starra, panting from the hand-to-hand fighting too.
I felt the calm breeze with a hot sun, kneeling over the cool grass, wishing our fighting bout was done, since I was blooding to death upon the hard brown rocks. I sighed with exhaustion.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
The cape of Dirk was ripped and rippled sideways in the air, blowing on the left side of his back spine. His tunic beautifully shredded like a set of ribbons over a pale flat chest in the colors of red and pink gashes which were mathematically draw diagonal, vertical, and horizontal over a pale body, complements of vicious Tele mistress Starra. His trousers were torn and ripped, coming from a knee to down an ankle bone on the left leg, then from the thigh and down to a boot toe on the right side. The pale flesh was decorating in red and pink cuts and a pretty array of numerous bruises, forming into the pretty blue colors against his pale skin.
I was pretty on my body, too.
My sleeveless cute gray shirt top was sliced below the tenth rib of the rib cage. My skin bleed-out into an array of both horizontal and vertical directions coming from both Dirk and Rita’s golden swords. My skirt was split from a left waist, going down to the top of the left thigh-high leather boot. I used to wear a set of gray matching tights over both legs and underneath the skirt, so I could twirl around like an elegant dancer. 
Anyways, my new set of gray tights were ripped and rippled in a series of funny geometric patterns from too many whacks of metal and a few encounters with the Resort soil and rocks. My thigh-high boots were marred with a set of really ugly deep punctures, embedded into the soft gray leather. I sighed with punishment.
Boom!
A surprise explosion launched Starra from the grass and into the air, flying over the soil without her Tele powers. I soared twenty-five feet above the grass and dived down, landing on top of my boot toes with a grunt, tucking and performed a Tele cartwheel over the holes of the soil, and finally stopped on a back spine. An array of loose brown dirt, the hard damn stone pebbles, the biting insects, the pretty flowers, and the soft grass rained down and covered my freckles and my body.
I lifted and covered a face with both hand, creating a Tele shield. All the loose items landed and buried on top of her into the Resort earth. I performed a Tele slide, pushing the yucky muck away from my face, snipping little gulps of fresh oxygen as an array of intense pain resonated from a pink tinted scalp down to both of my cute pink-painted little toes. I sighed with agony.
I intensively felt his angry, fury, hate.
Dirk dashed and stopped, standing over Starra.
I exhaled with a deep breath, mentally thinking to no one: End my misery, please.
Dirk lifted up and paralleled both of his arms even with the soil adding a nasty snarl.
I lifted my arm up from the soil ground as the pain throbbed and paralyzed my mind and my body. I performed a Tele lift, raising my body one and one-half inches from the soil and decelerated back down, bouncing out of control over the dirt without a Tele cushion of softness. “Ouch,” I moaned in pain.
I closed my eyelashes, smelling the familiar odors of planet Earth, breathing in the rich aroma of fresh dirt, the wild flowers, the fresh fruit berries, the green pastures, the assorted running wildlife, and the woodlands fleeing forests of planet Resort that drifted around my nose holes. I felt the hot sunshine on my freckles and the fresh air inside my tight lungs as a calm breeze cooled my tired and bloody body. I lounged lazily pondering the homesick scents, tastes, and senses that reminded me of the cotton farm on Starbelt Plantation on planet Earth within Milky Way Galaxy. I opened my eyelashes, seeing an airborne and suspended boulder-size zipper ship directly over my entire body with a soft whisper. “I will die, today.”
“Save her, Rann!” Bartholomew shouted from far, far away.
I parted my lips with a Tele whisper, “Kill Dirk…”
Dirk released his Tele hold and dropped the zipper down on top of Starra and as it stopped and then soared to the left side flying sideways in gracefully flight toward the twin rolling hilltops of once pretty green grass and colorful wildflowers.
My Tele eardrums heard a pair of boots. The boot toes violently tripped over exposed hard rocks and big chunks of plowed dirt on Resort, running far, far away from Starra.
I saw his smiling face.
Rann whispered with a worried brow. “Starra.” He leaned down and sweet breathed into her face, scooting and slid both arms underneath her beaten and bleeding body and lifted and cuddled Starra into his naked chest with a smile.
My pain attacked my wounds and my brain cells.
I fainted into darkness.
A few days later…


Alien Day 63


Castle of King Bartholomew
Noble committee meeting setting
Cold temperatures with partly cloudy
6th hour, early morning


My future had been decided. My fate had been sealed. My legal case had been debated and argued like an unpaid electricity utility bill, because all of the noble snot holes had tried, convicted, and sentenced Starra without her presence within the previous noble committee meeting. I sighed with fury.
I quietly sat inside a chair beside Bartholomew.
Bartholomew patted her bandaged hand for show leaning over with a smile and a loud voice for all the eardrums. “Starra, you have committed numerous crimes against the Crown.”
I huffed musically from pain, maybe fury, too. “What crimes?” I knew the crimes, of course.
Ivan sneered at Starra, sitting between Rann and Ty who were acting as the two body guards for Lady Starra. Ivan mouth spat saliva at her. “Disobeying orders, interference, threats, and many more pieces of evidence measured in terms of your treason to the Crown.” I sighed with angry.
“What evidence?” I knew the evidence, too.
Ivan sneered. “You allowed Emperor Dirk to escape.”
I sneered back. “I tried to kill him.” I knew that I didn’t.
“You failed. Your failure warrants punishment.” Ivan growled. I sighed with nervousness.
“Stang!” I sneered a little too loud.
Ivan jabbed a finger and a snarl at Starra. “Watch your language, young lady!” I exhaled with a puff of confusion, wondering what that dang word translated into.
Bartholomew smiled at each noble snot-hole, but Starra. “We voted as a new democratic party.”
I turned and scanned each snot-hole at the King Arthur…naw…Bartholomew’s round table also.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything is fine, darling.
Bartholomew was very happy while Rann was very relieved. Ivan way very mad, but Ty was very glad. Tok was neutral. There were not any votes from a dethroned Emperor Dirk and his sidekick Empress Rita. I sighed with success.
“The results were tallied and concluded by a four to one vote in favorite of your punishment.” Ivan sneered at Starra.
“Your punishment is marriage.” Bartholomew leaned over into her cheekbone, tenderly patting her hand with the fake soft white fluffy bandage.
I parted my lips with a gasp. “Marriage.” I scanned the noble snot holes around the table, performing a Tele probe on each mind, except for Rann. Rann was not smiling. Not Ty, he was smiling with a nod. I sighed with weirdness.
“Starra, you perpetrated many grievous acts against the Crown, including an act of treason. This noble committee has dissolved all the War crimes that you have willingly committed and elected another option for you, marriage. Your punishment is marriage to the King.” Tok nodded with a smile at the happy ending.
Bartholomew stood. I glanced up to see his sudden movement with a little fear. He reached and shoved his chair from the table, slamming into the opposite wall, turning and knelt down to Starra with a smile. He leaned into her face, sweet breathing with a grin. “Do you love me, Starra?”
I nodded without smiling. “I do.”
“Do you want to marry me?”
I nodded without smiling. “I do.”
“Do you want my children?”
I nodded without smiling. “I do.”
“Do you want to be my queen?”
I nodded without smiling. “I do.”
Tok smiled and stared at Starra. “She’s got the ‘I do’ part down pat.” The other group of snot-hole nobles chuckled along with him and at Starra.
I exhaled without accessing my Tele powers.
Bartholomew chuckled with a smile. “Excellent.” He reached and grabbed her hand, including the bandaged one. I exhaled with a grunt of real pain. He nodded with a smile to her. “Starra and I will be married within two days less than forty hours from now, if my comlen is set correctly,” chuckling with the other stupid nobles at his lame joke.
I parted my lips, staring above his blonde colored hairy skull at the far wall, the ceiling and then into cold and black outer space. I sighed with marriage.
Like magic, the black velveteen box appeared within the left hand of Bartholomew. He looked down and carefully opened lid as it squeaked in happiness too. The box contained a three-carat princess cut sparkling multi-colored diamond.
Bartholomew looked up with a grin and a nod, sweet breathing in her nostrils. “Lady Starra, I give this ring with my heart, soul, and future of our love together. I love you, sweetheart.” He lifted her left hand and forcefully shoved the ring onto her swollen fourth finger. Starra drunk too much water drinking during the noble committee meeting as she grunted with more pain. He leaned down and kissed her ring…naw…her hand, not her lips. The noble snot holes sounded with claps, laughs, and whistles.
Bartholomew stood and grabbed both her arms, dragging lazy Starra to stand upon her three-inched high sandaled feet and swirled his green cape and his one bicep around Starra with a smile and a nod to each noble snot hole inside the room. I sighed with numbness.


Castle of Lady Starra
Living room setting
Cold temperatures with bright stars
15th hour (mid-dusk)


I stood in front of the comlen inside the kitchen, seeing the background. There were bright glitters, colorful sparklers, and vivid glimmers of the dancing, drinking, and partying of numerous formal long gowns plus long jacket tails of male and female citizens inside the background on the comlen in my kitchen. It was the Royal Gala, showing off inside my home. I whined and stomped one heeled sandal with a pout. “I’m not going, B.A.”
Bartholomew frowned and order via the comfone. “You are coming. My future queen cannot miss the Royal Gala. My air ship approaches, now. Get pretty, Starra.”
Rows of silver tinted static painted the comlen.
The door chime sounded with a bong, bong.
The front door opened in silence.
I turned and frowned, moving to the archway, accessing my Tele powers, readying to blast the new invader into my home.
Handsome Rann and his biceps strutted manly into the eye view of Starra, who stood inside the archway of the kitchen.
I giggled with a smile. “Rann, what are you doing here?”
Rann wore a sleeveless and shirtless golden tinted open vest and matching pants tucked into his spit and polish brown leather knee boots, smiling and strolling to me. “Bartholomew orders you to join the Royal Gala.”
I crossed my naked biceps over a gray gown with a cute pout to Rann, since I could not ever be mad at Rann for anything at anytime and anywhere. “If I didn’t agree…” letting the words hang in the air.
I sighed with rebellion.
Rann thumbed back over a collar bone with a smile to the four Gbots. The four Gbot floated one at a time through the open archway, halting and hovering in a row behind the back spine of Rann. He exhaled with a huff of disappointment. “I didn’t come alone, Starra.”
I stomped a sandal, tightening both biceps over the gown with a cute pout.  “This ain’t fair.”
Rann chuckled at her cute behavior, moving and stopped, standing in place, leaning over and grabbed her forearm, twirling Starra into his side. He leaned into her cheekbone, smelling her flora perfume. “Nobody said that life was fair. Earth expression, I do believe. You look beautiful, the true foto of a queen.”
I snorted with a giggle, wearing the same designer gray slip dress from the Royal Coronation Ball of King Bartholomew that my boyfriend never saw. The ‘other’ new dress hung out alone inside my closet for my wedding day, tomorrow morning. I moved ahead on his arm with a deep timber with an evil laugh. “We shall see.”
He leaned down into her face, sweet breathing with a smile. “You’re getting a good deal, Starra. Queen of the Universe. There are lots of girls who would love to be in your high heels, tonight.” I sighed with not causing bodily harm.
I exhaled with a smile and a nod to him. “Thank you for voting against the marriage, Rann.”
He shook a skull. “I didn’t vote against your marriage.”
I gasped. “What?”
He frowned with a nod. “Starra, you committed high treason against the Crown. Ivan wanted Dirk’s head served on a silver platter for the Royal Gala tonight, but he was more than willing to settle for yours. Ivan voted against the marriage. He realized that he couldn’t touch you, if you were married to the King,” he paused for handsomeness and frowned more. “The discussion of your treason was very hot and heated. Bartholomew finally played his only conqueror card. He is the king. He decided your fate. Bartholomew loves you and has showed his love. Bartholomew saved your life, Starra.” I sighed with re-direction.
I smiled with a nod. “You saved my life. Thank you, Rann!”
He shrugged a shoulder with a smirk. “Right place, right time, that’s all.”
I frowned. “I taught you better than that, Tele-warrior.”
He reached out and grabbed her hand, twisting Starra into the side of his body with a smile. They slowly strolled like a prince and a princess toward the open archway. H nodded to the row of Gbots.
Each Gbot flew backward one at a time through the archway, flying backward toward the air ship.
The front porch light didn’t work. So each Gbot was swallowed up into the darkness of the romantic night on planet Commerce.
Rann frowned. “I didn’t get to visit you, after the War had ended. Bartholomew had you confined to your castle and guarded by these particular Gbots. No one was permitted in or out of your residence. I was very worried, Starra. I tried to contact you by Tele com also, but I couldn’t reach you through at Tele mind probe. I don’t possess the Tele power of teleclairvoyance, but I wished that I did. What happened, Starra?”
I smiled at Rann’s over protective side of my person, watching the entertaining flying backward robots. “I used a Tele healing trance which is called telemetabolics for the two days. I was unconscious from the broken limbs, the ugly deep skin cuts, and the tender bad bruises from Dirk’s perfect assault. By the time I had emerged out from my deep slumber, I was called to meet with Bartholomew and the other nobles as I was escorted by pair of bodyguards both flesh and the metal-kind. Rann, I knew I was in trouble. I just don’t realize how much trouble until I entered the noble committee meeting room at the castle.”
He chuckled and watched the Gbot. “You fooled me. You were cool as a cucumber and sharp as a tack. I believed that Bartholomew was a little bit concerned about your tart or your sweet reaction to his royal decision.” I smiled with a nod in silence. He halted at the open archway, turning with a worried brow and a whisper to see Starra. “I did not want to alarm you about the final result of noble vote but I had a backup plan in place. Ty and I had a team…”
I lifted and touched his lips with a stern face and a whisper. “Stop. Please don’t mention that again, Rann. Bartholomew saved my life. I accept that fate even in my new position I might not be able to save yours.” I sighed with fear.
He pulled her into his naked chest, tapping a light kiss, pecking on her forehead and pushed back with a smile and a wink to her face. “Subject closed,” he turned and escorted Starra into the darkness toward the air ship limousine of King Bartholomew with a smile. “You have options. Everyone has options, Starra.” I sighed with commitment.
The rear door was open as each Gbot was re-attacked on the rear metal spine to the black paint of the transportation lie a square figure of metal bodyguards.


Royal Gala
Castle of King Bartholomew
Cold temperatures with full moon and bright stars.
16th hour, early evening


I stood inside the lobby alone.
The numerous trumpets blasted in tenor notes. The many flutes tooted in soprano notes. The rolling drums filled the air waves.
All the skulls turned and the eyeball stared at Starra on the arm of Bartholomew.
I felt, sensed, saw, smelled, and tasted the hate, the hurt, the harm as the darken emotions bloomed over my fair lightness of glam from all the citizens which painfully flooded into my Tele mind. Bartholomew escorted Starra into the middle of an empty dance floor and stopped, twisting into a dance pose. They started the first dance of the future royal couple. I sighed with alien.
I had allowed Dirk and Rita to escape from capture as the duo were foot loose and fancy freedom, hiding somewhere inside a dark and wet cave within one of the broken planets.
Starra, the heroine, the leader, the role model, the rebel, the noble, the failure, the loser, and the eye sore of the universe, was the fault. I sighed with alien.
Rann was the hero of the universe, saving the citizens, the king, and Starra, celebrating at the Royal Gala too. 
Now, the War was gone. The Tele base had been disassembled. All the warriors had been sent home. The military units had been disbanded. Mothers, fathers, and children were re-building a new galaxy live on a different planet, re-learning new trades, trials, and tribulations.
Bartholomew and I ended the first dance as the music stopped. The musicians prepared the second tune.
I broke free from Bartholomew, turning and dashed toward the beverage bar, slamming over the wet bar counter with a sneer, flinging the wet water into the dress and into the air.
Wbot looked at the new customer with an alto drone. “What is your pleasure, my queen?” I sighed with depression.
I turned and scanned a row of little glasses with colored liquid and a sneer. “I desire a drink that will kick, punch, and jolt my senses to life.”
Wbot reached down and lifted, placing a tiny glass with aqua tinted liquid onto the bar counter. “My queen, I have a special concoction for you.”
I reached and cupped the tiny glass into a hand, lifting and tossed the beverage with a nosily slurp, wetting a throat. The liquid burned the throat, traveling down to the esophagus and poured down directly into the tummy. I violently coughed once and nosily wheezed twice, swallowing oxygen deeply to catch a new breath.
I croaked with a smirk, fingering the empty glass with a nod and a burp. “Does this stuff come in a bigger glass?”
Wbot spun around and forward, placing a tall glass bottle that was filled to the brim with aqua tinted sparkling liquid. I grinned and grabbed the bottle at the neck with one hand and a new empty large glass tumbler with the other, back stepping with a smile and a burp, turning and slowly strolled to the wall, finding one of the secret side doors that I only knew about. I sighed with without company.
On the 19th hour (late evening) inside a secret hidden chamber within the royal castle, I sat inside a ratty and smelly long sofa in my designer gray colored gown and my heeled sandals alone. “Queen Starra.” I named with a slurry tongue and re-phased much better in more slurry tongue. “Starra, the queen.” I giggled with silliness. “Empress Starra.” I named with slurry, pouring out more aqua tinted liquid into the empty tumbler for any drink of glee and happiness with a giggle and a grin of silliness. “Starra, the farmer.” I frowned and lifted, drinking and swallowed the aqua tinted liquid from the glass tumbler and breathed deeply for fresh oxygen.
I slid off the loveseat and stood, bending both knees, wobbling upright and stumbled back down into the soft loveseat with a giggle and a grin.
I connected, linked, and then Tele talked into the galaxy: Up. Float. Levitate.
The loveseat and I performed a Tele lift a few inches from the floor, violently shaking side to side like a mini-earthquake. I dropped the loveseat back down onto the solid floor with a giggle and a grin of silliness, “Wee. Wee. Wee. Fun. Fun. Fun.” Then I invited some company to join me.
I connected, linked, and then Tele talked into the galaxy: Bartholomew, your King. Your Queen calls.
In the dance hall with outside cold temperatures, moonlight with bright stars, Ivan stood next to Bartholomew, pointing at the four flying objects, saying with a puzzled brow to the nose profile of Bartholomew. “Sire, the tables and chairs are floating in the air.”
Bartholomew posed beside Ivan, observing the neat trick with a puzzled brow also. “I can see that, Ivan. What’s causing the weird phenomenon?” He turned and scanned the crowded and hot dance hall, where numerous heated bodies continued to dance and dine happily, enjoying the pre-wedding gala.
Rann moved and stopped, standing next to Bartholomew with a chuckle and a smile. Ty moved and stopped, standing beside Rann.
They both pointed to the flying objects with a smile.
Rann chuckled with a smile at the flying objects. “B.A., your performing magic tricks are very entertaining, this evening. I’m very impressed.” The four flying object quietly and quickly floated back down to the floor with mystery.
Bartholomew shook a blonde colored crowned hairy skull with confusion, staring at the still objects. “The thing wasn’t a magic trick, Rann. I don’t know what’s happening inside my castle.” They continued to stare at the resting objects, a table and three chairs. Then the furniture items lifted and floated magically into the air for a second time.
Rann frowned at the flying objects. “You don’t arrange this stunt.” Bartholomew stared and shook a skull in silence. Rann frowned. “Hmm, I might have a hunch for this unusual disturbance,” he turned with a stern face to see the nose profile of Ty. “What are you sensing?” Then Rann and Ty grabbed the earlobes, feeling a series of painful sharp toots like an instrument.
Ty exhaled with a grunt. “Pain!” He removed his hands with a frown. “Did you hear that, also, Rann?”
Rann turned and stared at the wall with a worried brow and a whisper. “Starra!”
Ty frowned. “Starra, are you positive, Rann?”
Rann turned and scanned the crowded room for Starra with a worried brow. “She is doing this either for fun or torture. I don’t know which.”
Bartholomew leaned over and bad breathed into the nose profile of Rann. “Rann, what’s happening in here? Do you have an explanation for me?”
Rann leaned back with a sour frown to see Bartholomew. “I do but you will not like my answer, B.A.”
Bartholomew stomped a boot toe, leaning over into Rann’s face with a growl. “Explain.”
Rann exhaled. “Starra is levitating the castle furniture.”
Bartholomew blinked his eyelids, clearing his mind, bad breathing in Rann’s face again. “Starra!?” He turned and scanned the room for Starra with a sour frown. “Why would she perform a juvenile trick at our royal pre-wedding gala? As a matter of fact, where is Starra?” He pauses for handsomeness with a sour frown. “I haven’t seen her for a couple of hours.” Rann and Ty grabbed the earlobes for a second time. Bartholomew frowned at them. “What’s happening to the both of you?”
Rann rotated a finger inside the eardrum, shaking a skull with a sour frown. “Starra!” He dropped his hands, turning and scanned each wall for her pink tinted Tele aura. “She is shouting out your name in the air currents with her Tele power of telepathy. However, only a gifted telepath can hear it, not you, B.A.”
Bartholomew exhaled with a huff of bad breathes in the nose profile of Rann. “Why is she playing these foolish games on our pre-wedding night?” The dance floor violently shook for a few second and then abruptly stopped as heated bodies fell, stumbled, and tumbled on each other person, over the furniture, and onto the dance floor.
Ty shifted side to side, trying to balance with his Tele power of telekinesis with a frown. “Starra is causing the aftershocks in the air waves, Bartholomew. When strands of the Tele power of telekinesis linger inside the air waves without a target, all the lingering waves will evaporate into the ground or sky, depending on how close they are to the planet. She must be a ground level, Rann. The vibrations are the aftershocks of her telekinesis waves that do not reach a target.”
Ivan frowned at Ty. “Are you saying that Starra can shake this building into rubble?”
Rann continued to scan the walls for her pink tinted body aura. The castle housed many secret chambers within. “I am saying that your gifted and beautiful bride can shake this entire planet out of the orbit, if we do not locate her and stop her from releasing more violent and dangerous telekinesis waves into this world’s atmosphere.”
Bartholomew bad breathed with a sneer and a whisper into nose profile of Rann. “Find her, confine her, and remove Starra from my castle but do it softly and subtlety. Do you understand me, Rann?”
Rann turned and nodded with a stern face to the king, “Yes, Sire.” He back stepped from Bartholomew and Ivan, reaching out and grabbed the arm of Ty, leaning over with a whisper. “Ty, round up as many movers and trackers that you can find within the crowd of unhappy dancers and then have them start scanning the outer edges of the castle. Next, locate any seers and healers and begin searching every closet and hidden passage way. Starra is hiding somewhere inside this noble castle.”
Ty turned and scanned the walls with a worried brow. “Do you know how big this castle is? It could easily hold two ram ships and still have room to store several carrier and zippers, Rann.”
Rann turned and scanned the walls again with a worried brow. “I understand our difficult task. Starra desires to be found. She is calling for her groom. She wants him to play her mind game. Unfortunately, Bartholomew is not a Tele player. He can’t play her Tele mind game. Therefore, I am going be the substitute quarterback within the game. Our plan is simple. We trick Starra into accidentally revealing her secret location. Once, we can pin point the area, we got her.”
Ty turned, reaching out and slapped a hand on the bicep of Rann with a nod. “Good luck, Rann! I don’t know if Starra is going to play along. She sounds confused and a little afraid.”
Rann turned and patted the collar bone of Ty like a big brother with a smile. “My good friend Ty, you are too well indoctrinated into the noble social setting. Starra is intoxicated from a high dosage of sweetened liquid. The mineral of pure sugar highly affects each and every Tele power on all life forms, including Tele mistress Lady Starra. She doesn’t know what she’s doing. This is all a game within her little perplexed Tele mind.”
Nine chairs, two tables, and smaller pieces of furniture floated up from the floor and then magically danced in the air for a few seconds, violently crashing back down on the floor as more bodies stumbled and then tumbled down on the floor also. Then each body slowly stood upright and exited the royal castle, ending the royal gala.
Rann nodded with a stern face to Ty. “Move out and keep me informed of your progress!” He moved ahead, searching down the first hallway with a worried bro.
Thirty minutes later, Prince Rann slowly strolled down a new empty hallway, leaving the dance hall, scanning the walls and each closed door for Starra.
He connected, linked, and then Tele talked to her: Starra, where are you? Please answer me.
Who this? I connected, linked, and then Tele talked to him.
Rann.
BA?
Bartholomew is not a telepath. He can’t hear you, Starra. So, if you want to talk to him, I can escort you to him.
I connected, linked, and then Tele talked to him: Escort me! No thanks! Another trick by B.A. to see him.
You do not have to see him. Do you want to talk to me? I was bored at the party. I left. Why don’t you tell me where you are located at and we can talk in private, Starra?
I connected, linked, and then Tele talked to him: No way! Trick me, also. Everyone tricks me. I…no like tricks. I…trick into marriage. Not ready marriage. No talk.
Rann lost his balance and slid sideways, slamming a shoulder into the wall with a grunt. The floor viciously shook for few seconds and then halted. Rann stood upright with a sneer, slowly moving down the same hallway, scanning the wall and the doors for Starra.
He connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Starra: I am not going to trick you, Starra. You sound upset. You seem like you need a friend. I thought we were friends. I just want to chat with you.
I connected, linked, and then Tele talked to him: Chat away, friend.
I saw your wedding dress.
Ugly, ain’t it?
The wedding is about the bride, not the dress. You will look beautiful, Starra.
Good recovery, slick!
Starra, Queen Starra.
Not call me that name?
Queen Starra!
Annoying me for fun, buddy?
You should be happy, Queen Starra.
Not queen!
This is your fate, Starra.
Not queen!
You are destined to be queen of the universe, Starra.
Not queen!
He continued to Tele talked to Starra: What do you want to become, Starra?
Want more.
Being married to the king, you will have everything you ever wanted as queen, Starra.
Want less.
I don’t understand, Starra.
Want options.
What options, Starra?
Freedom, choice, and true love.
True love?
Yeah, baby!
Don’t you love Bartholomew?
Yeah, boy!
He truly loves you.
Difference between love and true love.
He continued to Tele talked to Starra: Starra, are you proposing to me that there is a difference between love and true love?
Yeah, honey pie!
Explain, Starra?
I continued to Tele talked to him: True love gives to you…your heart, your mind, and your soul to one person for eternity and never looking back.
I understand, Starra. That’s deeply profound.
Love is love, here today, gone tomorrow.
I never viewed the term love in the realm of that context before.
Nobody does.
You don’t think Bartholomew has true love for you.
Maybe, darling!
You don’t feel true love for him. Am I right?
I continued to Tele talked to him: Right on, dude!
This is definitely a problem.
For who?
He continued to Tele talked to Starra: For me!
I continued to Tele talked to him: Who are you, man?
Do you not recognize my voice, Starra?
I continued to Tele talked to him: Game over, slick!
Then I disconnected my Tele link to the fool, laughing out loud, spilling my drink over my dress.
On the 1st hour (early morning) with the outside cold temperatures with partly clouds of dull stars inside the new hallway within the royal castle, Rann had traced and tracked her voice using his Tele mind during the long Tele chat and stopped, standing inside a new isolated hallway which was very far away from active dance hall. He stood in place near the wall, touching and probing with his hand for a secret crack in the wall that would led into the secret chamber like Starra had done and found.
Rann connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Starra: Starra, you’re acting like two-year-old child, playing hide and seek within the castle walls and ring around the rosy with the furniture.
You are destined to be queen of the universe and wife to my best friend Bartholomew. 
Tomorrow, you are going to marry a man, who truly loves you in a public ceremony witnessed by all the citizens of the universe.
This is your fate. This is your life. Accept it!
Inside my secret hidden enclosed room, I sat on top of the ratty purple colored sofa, I shouted out loud with my normal voice, “Accept!” I killed the forward wall with the empty tumbler as the glass broke over the wall and the floor. I screamed. “Marriage!?” I killed the side wall with the empty bottle as the liquid washed the floor and the glass that decorated the purple paint in a new design.
I swung my curls to the north wall, hearing a tiny mouse that was scratching with its four claws loudly at the wall. I narrowed my blurry eyeballs at the exposed mouse, slowly chin whipping a face up toward the ceiling sky, noting that the king had big mice problem here inside the castle.
Then the big mouse grabbed and jerked Starra up from the sofa, standing her on sandaled feet.
Rann sweep both biceps around Starra, sweet breathing in her face with a whisper. “Starra, wake up!”
I grinned and giggled goofy. “Rann…I…” reached up and touched his naked chest, feeling his heat, smelling his musk and woody cologne.
He pulled her into a worried brow with a whisper. “Starra, stop using your Tele powers here inside the castle.”
I stared with a goofy grin at him. “Rann…I…” stood up higher on my tippy toes, since I was five feet short compared to his five ten tall body frame.
Rann pressed a naked chest into her body with a stern face. “Starra, stop shaking the building.”
I lifted and shuffled all sticky fingers of sugar up and around his neck with a goofy grin and a whisper. “Rann, I truly love you,” I licked my lips and leaned over and kissed his soft pink lips, pulling back and fainted into his arm, falling down into darkness.
Alien Day 64


Castle of Lady Starra
6th hour, early morning
Cool temperatures, bright sunshine, blue sky and white clouds


“Uh, bright lights.” I tossed off the fugly ugly puke greenish-yellow bedspread from my pretty freckles.
The bedspread was doing a good of blocking the bright yellow sun rays of the glorious morning that were beaming through a set of clean sparkling glass windows. I quietly returned back into a light slumber, flipping a body to the side, closing my eyelashes. I sighed with tardy.
Downstairs on the ground level, “Starra, are you awake?” Rann yelled in a deep sexy baritone trombone within her hearing range, sitting on top of the broken sofa inside her noble castle. “Starra, please get up.”
I tossed the puke green bed covers over the frame of the mattress as the fabric gently floated down to the clean carpet, moving and shifted a pair of feet from the warm bed and on top of the carpet, wickedly stood, wobbling to the left side, plopping back down on a fanny into a sitting pose over a set of nicely made bed sheets. I sighed with confusion.
I looked down with a sour frown to see my feet, wearing a pair of three inched heeled sandals on both of my naked feet bones and toes. Plus, I still wore my gray slip dress from the gala, last night.
I flung and ripped off a right shoe, tossing the first shoe into the air as it landed in silence onto the clean carpet and then the left one. I stood on a pair of naked sweaty toes and heels, wobbling side to side like an elderly old great grandma and stumbled out the bedroom door.
Then I tumbled through an empty hallway toward the staircase and Rann, holding the two-foot dress train in a left hand, steadying an upright body against the chipped wall with a right hand and executed a Tele heal stream inside achy head, feeling nothing and halted with a gasp.
My awesomely Tele powers of telemetabolics healing was not working. I sighed with trouble.
On top of the second floor in front that long and wide grand staircase, I wobbled to the right and then into the center sorta, slowly compensating an upright body by shifting to the left and stared down at lazy Rann. He uncomfortably rested inside the lope-sided long sofa, facing Starra, flipping absentmindedly through the pink covered book of love poems from my boyfriend/fiancé/king Bartholomew.
Downstairs on the ground level, he smiled down at the book, flipping to the next page, “Good morning, Starra! How are you feeling, today, milady?” He looked up with a smile to see Starra. “You are wearing the wrong dress, princess,” chuckling.
I swayed and then steadied a body, reaching out and slammed both hands onto the railing post at the top of the staircase with a sour frown and a tongue of mouth spit. “I am not amused.”
He frowned. “Either, am I?”
“Why are you here, there, here?”
“I’m your bodyguard until the wedding hour.” He looked down with a smile and a chuckle, flipping to the next page of poems. “Did you read this book?”
I gasped. “Wedding!” He looked up with a sour frown to see Starra again. I pretended not to know or really care. “O stang or dang or hang, is that thingy, today, maybe?”
He stood with a growl, dropping the book down to the broken sofa with a snarl. “That’s not funny, Starra.”
“Funny is awakening fully clothed in both your shoes and an evening gown,” I wobbled side to side, shifting backward from the railing and leaned forward, supporting my body onto the wooden railing of the staircase. I didn’t feel good now.
“That’s your fault,” Rann nodded with a grin.
“This is not my fault. I didn’t do anything wrong here.”
“I dropped you onto the front porch last night and then left your castle.”
“Last night, I…” had no memory of Rann or the front porch.
Rann grinned with goofy smile, folding a set of naked biceps across a naked chest. “I’m not surprised.”
I performed a Tele shove on the long sofa, moving the furniture item 1/64th of an inch without coming close with harming Rann. I sighed with fury.
He chuckled with a sexy smile. “I suggest that you not talk, run, or levitate anything, today, princess. You seem not to be your usual perfect self, Starra. Just nod your aching head up and down, when the preacher asks, if you want to marry Bartholomew, Your Highness.” Rann slid back down on top of the broken sofa, picking up the book, flipping through a couple of pages with a smile and a chuckle.
“Bite me!” I slowly pirouetted and slowly wobbled down the hallway with a sneer.
“I wouldn’t say that, either, princess.” Rann chuckled. I sighed with flame.
On the 7th hour (early morning) inside the second floor private chamber setting among the cold temperatures with partly clouds of sunshine, I slowly turned and slowly entered the bedroom and slowly dressed, moving and stood in front of the full-length mirror in the wedding dress. The dress was made like a military tank minus the weapons and the wheels, of course. Billions upon billions of tiny beads of pure white pearls were embedded on the chest, around the waistline, circling a plantation skirt, measuring fifty feet from the fanny. I sighed with heaviness.
I passionately hated the dress, the building, the guests, the timing, the nobles, but I loved Bartholomew, and I hated the blackmail of getting married this way.
There was not a line of bridesmaids, flower girls, ring bearers, handmaidens, and ladies-in-waiting, noblettes, honor guards, Gbots, Mbots, Pbots, Hbots, or any other metal bots that started with a consonant from the language alphabet. I sighed with happiness.
The elaborated big fluffy white gown had been created and designed by Bartholomew with a breast bodice of pearls, a circular skirt of tulle, a light weight net fabric, consisting of fifteen layers of fabric. I looked like a fake pregnant moo cow. The dress displayed a fifty-feet dress train adding fifteen-feet of white tulle that equaled sixty-five feet of fabric onto my weight of ninety-five pounds. Yeah, I liked math.
The pearl crown towered nine inches over my skull plus six inches down into my freckled face, occupying fifteen inches of face time. I giggled silly with my weirdo math skills. I sighed with hold on, ya’ll.
I numbingly wore a set of elbow length satin white gloves with a set of three tiers of thick pearl bracelets on each arm, yeah, baby. As I sucked often for oxygen molecules with a tiny four-tiered pearl neck choker. And then I sweated wetness on my naked toe bones in a pair of four inched high heeled that hold one single stripe on the white sandals. So, I mathematical figured out that I had artificially grown from five feet and one inch into six feet and two inches taller and weighed in at 110 pounds for my wedding day. I sighed with diet.
Downstairs on the ground floor, Rann yelled with a sexy baritone timber. “Starra!” He annoyed for his fun with a second yell from downstairs, still sitting on the broken sofa, flipping through the love poems. “You can be late but the wedding will not start without you, princess.”
I rolled my eyeballs beautifully as I could have flung my arms or my legs for a swift kicking motion into Rann’s rear end without wobbling sideways and falling down onto the floor.
I whispered into the mirror with a giggle. “What’s up with that ‘princess’ pet name?” I paused for beauty, plotting a new evil princess plan. “Late, yes, I could delay the wedding until tomorrow or next week or next month…”
“Don’t even think about it, princess?” Rann read her open mind, yelling from downstairs.
I surrendered that mental thought and stared at my body and my dress, talking to my reflection inside the mirror with sour frown. “Forgotten anything? The dress, the crown, the gloves, the jewelry, the flowers and the shoes…” I turned and scanned my private bedroom with a sad face, noting that a married wife usually lived with a married husband after the married vows. I sighed with unhappiness.
My eyeballs stopped and parked on the object.
My gray cute outfit beautifully sparkled with an array of tiny diamonds on the hanger inside the open closet, a new gift from Rann. He gave Starra a new pair of gray thigh-high boots that glowed in shiny soft leather. Rann had preciously hid her silver dagger inside the sewn leather pouch of the right boot. I sighed with pride.
I smiled wickedly, waddling like a duckling to the closet with a whisper. “Forgetting something!” I reached down and jerked out the tiny dagger from its hiding spot, searching viciously within the elaborate wedding dress that did not contain a pocket, a purse, a boot, or pouch. Then I plopped the front of the dress over a right collar bone, carefully tying my dagger into the white garter belt on a left leg. I sighed with satisfaction.
Downstairs on the ground floor, he yelled again. “Starra.”
I exhaled with a series of puffed breathed, waddled out the bedroom door and turned, wobbling down the quiet hallway and finally posed regally at the top of the staircase like an alien princess.
Rann stood from the broken sofa, dashing and stopped, standing at the bottom step with a boot on the last step, looking up with a smile to see Starra.
I watched Rann.
He watched her. Starra gracefully plopped down each wood step with the wide and long wedding dress. He gentlemanly reached out and extended a naked forearm with a smile and a nod in silence.
I flatly refused for meanness and successfully touchdown on the solid floor without his aid, noting my personal bodyguard was quiet dashing in a new outfit with his charming smile on a handsome face.
The white fabric of a sleeveless and shirtless split-down-the-middle vest was decorated diagonal with a black thick silk sash that displayed a set of tiny colored pins for honor and courage which awarded by King Bartholomew for the War that no one won. Both his arms burst with a set of rippling tanned biceps. The vest matched a pair of white trousers that were neatly tucked down into a pair spit and polished leather black knee high boots. Rann was the best man at the wedding, making him and Bartholomew best friends again.
I exhaled with a cough of annoyance, stomping forward a right sandal then a left sandal, and then a right sandal, passing Rann and heading toward the open front door which is guarded by a two rows of Gbots. I said. “I’m ready.”
Rann elegantly whirled around to face the back spine of Starra and the open front door, not shuffling his boot soles and held out an open palm with a stern face, “Give it to me, Starra.”
I halted and twirled around, and as the forty-five feet dress train gathered and attacked my naked toes, feet, and legs, going all the way up to the kneecaps. I sneered at Rann. “I…” was not giving it up.
“You know what I’m talking about, princess.” He exhaled with an open palm.
“I…” was keeping it.
“Your dagger, you are not leaving armed, Starra.” Rann chuckled.
“I might need it,” sneering.
He smiled. “There are no weapons allowed at the wedding that edict includes the bride, princess. The War’s over. It’s peace time, now,” he still held out his palm with a smile.
“No!”
“Hand it over or else, princess!”
I pouted. “You wouldn’t dare, prince.”
He winked with a chuckle. “Try me, princess!”
I parted my lips, narrowing my eyelashes, and then totally surrender. I could not defend my person in my medical condition of weakness, using a maser cannon. The dress could not engage my body in any type of physical hand-to-feet contact. And my T-powers could not engage my brain cells either in any type of healing-to-future connection. I sighed with defeat.
I frowned. “Turn around.” He spun around with a chuckle to face the staircase. I reached down and lifted, plopping the front of the dress fabric over a naked shoulder, preciously pulling off my dagger from the garter belt. “Here!” I leaned over and gently slid it across the floor toward the boot heel of Rann, not wanting to harm him.
He swung around and stopped the forward motion of the dagger with his boot toe, bending down at a fit waist, retrieving her precious gift and stood upright, hiding it inside the left side of his vest pouch, near his heart.
I tossed both arms into the air with a lady sneer. “I want it back, after the wedding.”
He moved ahead and closed the math distance with a smile, quickly grabbing a wavering hand and man-pulled her into his chest, leaning over with a smile and a whisper. “I will give the weapon back to you, after our honeymoon, princess,” chuckling. He lifted her from the floor and twirled them toward the open door as the dress straightened into the right direction.
They strolled over the floor, through the archway and toward the air ship limousine, whispering a set of sentences of soft secret words into my right eardrum. I sigh with humor.


Orange building
Auditorium interior setting
Starra and Bartholomew wedding day
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine and slight breeze
8th hour, early morning


All the eyeballs stared at the dress…naw…the damsel.
I stared ahead with a fake smile at the preacher and the podium, seeing a happy smiling Bartholomew, who stood next to a somber sad Rann.
The dang forty-six wedding train dragged for 1.1 seconds and then caught over the carpet for 1.6 seconds and then pulled forward for 1.9 seconds, after each sandal step of my foot. I violently jerked the soft fabric, stretching the full length wedding train from a waistline backwards toward to the open archway inside the lobby. I sighed with aggravation.
I whispered. “Stang!” I stopped and stood, waiting on the dress train to catch up with my fanny. The overhead skyline window which I didn’t know exited that was located on the rooftop loudly shattered with a tings and pings of glass and metal.
Thus, there was a set of wedding crashers, invading the marriage ceremony from the rooftop. I sighed with annoyance.
I promised no violence to Rann at my wedding.
Their wedding gifts…naw…masers flashed in pretty deadly colors of yellow, red, and green beams at the wedding guests.
I stood and stared in fear and fright as the annoying rebels surrounded my dress. I elegantly tossed the bridal boutique of white rosebuds, threatening with a useless phase with a sissy whine. “No offense handsome, but get outta my face.” 
Rebel number one smiled with a set of pretty teeth between the black hood, caught the bouquet and tossed it down to the carpet, still strutting toward Starra.
I slapped both empty hands into the air, missing the rebel of course.
He still advanced to Starra.
The dress choked my throat to death. I swung my curls, seeing rebel number two. He landed right on top of the extended dress train, reaching and whipped out a gold sword upward to the ceiling and downward to slice the long train.
I stumbled forward and landed perfectly into open arms of rebel number one with a sissy whine, “They want my dress.” I back stepped and reached, pitching the crown, the choker, both the earrings, and the twin bracelets at rebel number one. He dipped and dodged and dogged a body to the right and to the left, standing upright and pulled a wicked maser from the black robes. I beautifully yelped with fear. “Help!”
My eyeballs darted to see the commotion at the podium.
Rann was fighting with two swords against four attackers at the preacher’s podium. Bartholomew battled using one maser at three rebels with Ivan, who was assisting the king using a sword and a maser. I sighed with defeat.
I created and slammed a little tiny Tele bubble around my dress…naw…my person as a series of pretty electric blue waves attacked me, not the dress. I whispered with fear. “They want me.” I mustarded up a limited amount of energy into my Tele bubble, but massive amount of beautiful blue colored stun rays penetrated everything, every person, and every dang Tele power that I did not possess at the moment. I sighed with fear.
Rebel number two fired a series of blue beams, hitting her left arm, her right arm, her throat, and then her heart.
I fainted into darkness.


Planet Bonita
Tele Base building
Administration office setting of Dirk and Rita
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine.
11th hour, early afternoon


“Uh, bright lights,” I blinked open my eyelashes, seeing ugly brown colored walls, a ceiling, and a floor with confusion and cluelessness. I sighed with numbness.
A stun maser was a very effective weapon in my professional opinion. The maser numbed the body. I was feeling, this now. When the wave beams attacked the nervous system of the victim that’s me and then renders the body incapacitated for a range of short minutes to long hours, depending on the size of the wave.
A stun ray was very painful, since the nerves inside the body sizzled with tingling pain. I was feeling, this now.  Then the throbbing pulsations of heat, I felt that too. And finally, the cold jet of streams of your fresh blood flowed back into the opened veins within the arms, legs, neck, back, and chest, which I was not experiencing clinical. I sighed with numbness.
I mentally noted the familiar brown belonged to the building on planet Bonita. I sighed with worry.
The children under the age of sixteen years old with the teachers, the instructors, the biological families, the friends, the relatives, the guests, and school bots actively occupied every room, the ground park, and every building. Once, the row of squat buildings had housed my army of awesomely devoted Tele warriors. Now, the new academic school structures were located on Planet Bonita.
Uni and Bio both had been lost during the mysterious ram ship attacks that occurred around the galaxy. So, Bio had been re-produced with the physicians, the nurses, the technicians, the families, the patients, the friends, the relatives, the guests, and Bbots or bio robots here on planet Bonita, where the medical personnel were stationed to live, work, and play.
“Wake up, Starra!” Dirk stood over her with a sour frown, leaning down with a whisper and a sneer into her eardrum.
I lifted a heavy skull to him. “I…” was dead.
“Is she dead?” Rita stood beside Dirk with a smile, leaning over Starra and whispered into the cheekbone of Dirk.
I swung a heavy skull in her direction. “I…” was prettier.
“Shut up, Rita. I’m asking the questions here,” Dirk whispered with a sneer into the eardrum of Starra.
I flipped to him. “I…” could not see his face but heard his voice.
“I want you dead, Starra.” Rita whispered into the cheekbone of Dirk.
I stared at his voice. “I…” could see an array of white light.
“Is she blind?” Rita frowned down at Starra with a whisper into the cheekbone of Dirk.
Dirk whispered into the eardrum of Starra. “This is the final effect from a series of multiple stunner rays. Her nerve endings tingle out of control everywhere, including her hands, arms, feet, legs, and finger pads. Her eyeballs appear blinded, but Starra is very much alive.”
“I very much want her dead lying face down in open dirt grave.” Rita sneered with a whisper into the cheekbone of Dirk.
“Shut up, Rita.” Dirk softly growled into the eardrum of Starra.
I flipped to the sound and the light. “I…” could hear both of them but see only two whitish figures.
“Your telepathy is remarkable for an alien.” Dirk softly chuckled into the eardrum of Starra. “I find that I am in need of some information that only an earthling can provide to me.”
“I…” could not talk to the whitish lights.
Dirk whispered into the eardrum of Starra. “I have surmised that you are indeed an alien from planet Earth of the Milky Way Galaxy. You have entered our universe through the wormhole here on planet Bonita. Can I fly into the wormhole and survive, earthling Starra?”
“I….” thought the word yes.
Dirk would enjoy the wormhole ride, seeing the pretty planets of the Milky Way Galaxy and then light speed travel successfully into the deadly atmosphere of planet Earth with his stolen ram ship. Dirk could survive the wormhole but not planet Earth. The heated surface of Earth contained and consisted of batches of radiated air, lots of poisoned water, and plenty of heated soil.
If Dirk could successfully fly through the wormhole and amusingly landed top of planet Earth, he would need absolute protection from the deadly radiation that was generated from the mighty solar sun. Dirk would definitely suffer for a few seconds and swiftly die, after stepping a big toe upon the violent deadly and un-breathable exposed surface. 
Dirk should go into her new galaxy and leave his universe. Since I greatly desired to stay here happy with my future marriage to Bartholomew and be queen of the universe. Then the universe would be quite happily-ever-after without fake Emperor Dirk and Empress Rita. I sighed with victory.
“I’m correct, Rita. Planet Earth works perfectly for our plans.” Dirk whispered into the eardrum of Starra.
“A lie. A trick. Don’t trust her, sweetie?” Rita whispered into his cheekbone, staring down at Starra.
“I don’t trust her but I do believe her.” Dirk shoved a wrinkled ancient yellow paper underneath the nose holes of Starra with a whisper and a smile. “Is this your home, Starra?”
“I…” had launched the ancient space shuttle from the planet Earth at the biosphere Dall-Tex. I sighed with deception.
Dirk smiled with a nod and a whisper into the eardrum of Starra. “Starra, you have been most cooperative, kind, and hospitable to me. Thanks a lot!” He paused for ugliness and said a sad tone and a sneer. “Too bad, I can’t return the goodwill,” he turned and winked with a smile to Rita. “Sweetie, I do believe it is your idea.”
Rita turned and nodded to the row of alive and obedience non-Tele guards with a smile. “Set the fires…”
“You…” were a cruel and inhuman witch Rita.
“You are right. I am not at witch.” Dirk nodded with a smile and a whsiper into the face of Starra. “This is Rita’s show. I’m leaving now,” He stood upright and back stepping from Starra and pivoted, marching across the floor and exited the building.
Rita scooted over and replaced the ugly face of Dirk within the eyeballs of Starra, bad breathing into the nostrils of Starra with a sneer. “Now, my pretty alien.”
“I…” still was incapacitated from the stun maser shots from the rebels and paralyzed within all my limbs and my voice, but I could hear the whines of distress from the children.
Starra, where are you? Rann connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Starra. 
I heard the citizens screaming, whining, moaning, complaining, shouting, and crying. They all were inside the school buildings and the medical facility structures. All the citizens were tied, bind, and bounded to a secured chair, a table leg, a bed post, an office desk leg, and another hard fixed wooden or steel object as the burning hot fires produced a stream of white steam and tall plumes of black smoke. I sighed with doom.
“I…” smelled a bad odor, tasted the nasty fire smoke, and felt my body heat.
Rita stood upright, turning with a worried brow and scanned the wall and the ceiling. Each wall and the ceiling flamed with a series of colorful red, yellow, and blue fires on the window treatments. She yelled at the incompetent non-Tele guards. “Ya stupid fools, we’re burning too.”
I coughed from the tainted air inside the enclosed room of the building.
Rann connected, linked, and then Tele talked to her: Starra, where are you?
Our pad! I connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Rann.
The white smoke, the yellow fires, the black explosions, and invisible children cried horribly within my frozen Tele mind, bombarding my Tele eardrums, surrounding my helpless physical body.
“I…” could not move.
Rita turned and sneered at Starra, raising a fighting fist into the air and dropped it down onto the left cheekbone of Starra.
My soft skin of tiny golden hairs, the thick muscle tissue, the red blood, and the white bone neatly scraped against her beautiful protruding diamond square-cut engagement ring that was fingered on the index finger of her left hand. The nasty gashes exposed a diagonal opening on the left side of my cheekbone, going down to my left nostril, and as my face violently jerked to the right.
Rita smirked with a snigger, “Good bye, alien!” She back stepped and smiled at Starra for the last time, swinging around to face the archway, dashing out of a burning building.
I fainted into darkness.


Planet Commerce
Castle of Starra
Cool temperatures with partly cloudy
12th hour, early afternoon


“Uh, bright lights,” I moaned with pain, blinking open my eyelashes to see the silver tinted ceiling. I swayed side to side over the soft leather of the seat inside a carrier ship, reaching up and touched the mechanic oxygen mask over my face. I slowly swung my curls to see Bartholomew.
The carrier violently jolted to a halt. Pbot scooted from the pilot seat, opening the rear door, admitting inside the bright warm yellow sunshine and a pretty bright blue sky through the open archway.
Bartholomew slid outside and stood on top of the over the hard pavement, leaning down inside the rear bench and gently man-pulled Starra out from the seat and stood and cuddled her into his cape.
I removed the oxygen mask, coughing heavy and swallowed hardy with a whisper. “Rita.” Bartholomew did not grunt, word, or react as his newest and latest adopted royal management style to the nobles, the citizens, and his girlfriend. If you did not mention it, then it never ever happened to you. 
I replaced the oxygen mask over a nose and a mouth, inhaling the rich pure oxygen, feeling the thick smoke and metal bits of solder particles inside a pair of tight lungs and slowly limping between his arms, moving between the rows of silver tinted Gbots into my castle.
They slowly entered through the archway, across the floor, and stopped in front of the loped-side sofa.
I slowly sat on top of the broken sofa, wearing and breathed the oxygen from the face mask.
He knelt on one knee down into the unpolished wood and wore a somber, serious, and stern order without smiling at Starra. “Stay here. You’ll be safe.” Bartholomew leaned forward and kissed her dirty sweaty forehead, standing upright and spun around to face the open archway, exiting the noble castle.  I sighed with numbness.
Bartholomew had issued a kingly order without a sweet endearment, such like, honey, darling, dear, babe, sweetheart. There was no love, compassion, or understanding here.
I did not attack the citizens and the building structures on Bonita. King Bartholomew had ordered the school and hospital opened while the teachers, students, and their families plus the physicians, patients, and bots stayed there on his royal wedding day.
I had walked down a long aisle and then got captured. I sighed with failure.
Fine, I would stay put here inside my castle out of the way. I was not invited to attend the War and would behave with a goody-goody attitude.


I mentally back flashed past within the first alien timeline, when I had invaded the galaxy inside an ancient Earth space shuttle and changed all the events, creating an alternative alien timeline.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present second alien timeline, I could fix this new timeline that I had accidently created.
I stood upright from the sofa, ripping off the face mask, dropping the mask down onto the sofa and moved across the floor, laboriously climbing the thirteen stairs. Yeah, I counted. I slowly strolled down the hallway and entered the bedroom and stopped inside the private lavatory, seeing ugly.
My dress was ripped down my kneecaps with a set of multi-colors of a lovely rainbow, consisting of black smoke, brown dirt, red blood, and white lint. The set of beautiful pearl jewelry, the short white gloves and the white sandals were all gone with the fire. I perfectly imitated as the bride of Frankenstein, gurgling with laughter. 
Rann would have appreciated my lame Earth humor, knowing that I was alien Starra, not Lady Starra. I wished that Rann was here. I wished that I was with Rann.
I tapped into my Tele power of telepathy and halted.
I exhaled with a puff of worry, knowing that Rann and Bartholomew were fighting with Dirk and Rita somewhere, someplace, and somehow on some planet, without me
Based on the brief and short ugly vocal message, Bartholomew said. “Stay here. You will be safe.” I sighed with repeat.
I ripped off all the dirty clothing and cleaned off a dirtier body, changing into the soft gray uniform, pulling on a new pair of gray leather thigh-high boots over both legs, standing in front of the full length mirror and reached down, touching an empty pouch inside the boot with a gasp. Rann held preciously her gift near his heart. I sighed with concern.
I eye burn the mark of distinction in the mirror that had been generously given by Empress Rita. A crimson red cut beautifully sliced from my left cheekbone, across my freckles and down the right side of my nostril, exhibiting prettily a solid stark white bone fragment. 
Rita didn’t break the bone.
I nosily slapped both hands together, producing a Tele flame of heat with my telemetabolics, rubbing both hands up and down. My hands turned bright red hot and heated into a glow, occupying all fingers, curing this cut. Then I lifted and grabbed my face with both hands with a grunt of pain.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I slowly removed both of my hands, removing Rita’s baby scratch and then smiled. I didn’t see a cut or a bruises or a scar. I sighed with approval.
I happily turned and dashed out the bathroom, into the hallway, and marched downstairs to the only piece of furniture that I owned, turning and jumped into the air and plopped down on booted feet onto the lope-sided sofa, wiggling into a soft spot.
I exhaled and closed my eyelashes, testing my Tele powers for any malfunctions or Tele infections from nasty Rita or icky Dirk.
I performed a simple Tele grab and then a Tele lift, levitating the small pink covered book of love poems up to the ceiling with a Tele shove of telekinesis, releasing the Tele hold. The book dropped down and slammed onto the floor with a loud thump.
I executed a Tele view of the current battle that was far, far away in the distance and stopped with a sigh.
Teleclairvoyance was a funny Tele gift, because the current events revolved around a set of other events that could change the final outcome. I rarely employed teleclairvoyance.
I would use a Tele tap of telepathy to communicate and locate people, places, and palaces. I would use a Tele grab and a Tele hold to levitate objects and offenders. I would use a Tele heal to fix people and predators.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I connected, linked, and then Tele talked to the galaxy: Is Dirk going to die?
No.
Is Dirk going to leave me?
Yes.
Is Rann going to die?
No.
I nodded with a whisper. “Good to know.” My Teleclairvoyance worked perfectly.
I happily clapped and stood, stretching out all my limbs into different directions, accidentally kicking the upright oxygen tank as it fell sideways to the floor. I felt refreshed, strong, alive, tough, and resilient in body and mind. I leaned down and touched the oxygen tank with a gasp, seeing an array of colored visions, playing inside my mind through my eyeballs.
I fell downward and hit the long sofa, staring at the far wall with a set of open eyelashes, seeing active people inside my mind.


Starra sleeps with a slumped skull sideways, showing a big red bloody gash across her freckles.

She is tied by a set of thin strong ropes around both wrists. Each wrist bone is posed behind a back spine the rear panel of the square chair.

She and the chair are surrounded by a yellow fire, a room of black smoke, and a plume of white steam inside the former Tele Base building.

The front door splits down the middle with a sharp axe that was coupled with a Tele force of telekinesis.

Rann rushes into the room, yelling loudly for Starra and carries an oxygen tank in one hand, coughing and spitting mouth spit from the black smoke. He screams for Starra, lifting and breathing in some of the fresh oxygen from the face mask. He removes the oxygen mask and shouts out loud for her again. He jogs deeper into the room of black smoke and locates Starra.

He stops and squats down in front of her chair, ripping off the panels from the wooden chair with his telekinesis, cutting the ropes with the dagger from both of her wrists. He places the oxygen mask over her face and slides both of his arms underneath her body, lifting up, cuddled Starra into a naked chest. He spins around and hustles out from the burning building toward his zipper.



Then my active mind jumps back present into the second alien timeline, I gagged with a cough, breathing deeply with fear. I had felt, saw, tasted, and touched the pretend dreamy smoke fumes, staring down at the oxygen tank and jerked a hand free, pondering deeply.
Rann had touched the oxygen tank. His essence, his memories, and his mind traces had been absorbed by the metal object.
Then I had accessed all his essence with my teleclairvoyance power, seeing and re-living the past few hours.
I closed my eyelashes and reached out, touching the cold metal again.



Rann runs and exits from the burning building, carrying an unconscious Starra between his chest toward his zipper, sliding both of them into an individual seat, scooting into the pilot chair.

The zipper launches from a dirt pad as the fire chases after the rear metal on the three afterburners of the ship.

He turns and watches in horror the yellow fires, the blue explosions, the red flames, and blazing fire storms consuming each school building, hospital structure, the formal training base, every green shade tree, each green colored bush, and every crying citizen.

Rann presses the button into hyper drive and quickly steers his starship up into cold black starry outer space with only Starra.

The other citizens are slowly dying on Planet Bonita, including the school children, the school teachers, the medical personnel, the medical patients, the loving parents, the caring guardians, and the good friends from Dirk’s hateful order.

Dirk and Rita had herded and rounded up each resident, guest, workers, and relatives while mouth gagging and tying each young and old victim body onto a piece of heavy furniture inside each new structure, after the wedding attack on Starra, during the kidnapping of Starra, and then their final escape from the burning planet of Bonita.


Then my active mental mind jumped back present into the second alien timeline, I gagged with a cough, opening a pair of blurry eyeballs of tears. I closed my eyelashes and touch the plastic oxygen mask.


Rann hovers and lands the zipper on top of the landing pad at the royal castle, sliding out, grabbing her. He totes Starra to the second throne room to Bartholomew.

Bartholomew stands in the middle of the room unhappy, wearing his white new uniform with the black sash of colorful medals and pins, lifting both of his arms and accepts an unconscious Starra, who wears an oxygen face mask.

Rann sneers. “Where?”

“Sahara.”

Rann growls. “Any orders, B.A.?”

“Dead.”

Rann nods and dashes forward, exiting through a secret side door from the throne room.

Bartholomew moves ahead and strolls down the hallway to the carrier ship with Starra.



Then my active mind jumped back present into the second alien timeline, I snapped open my eyelashes, seeing a hand on the oxygen tank, understanding my storybook began with the last vision. I greatly admired this too cool teleclairvoyance stuff. Maybe, I should practice it more often, grinning. I sighed with excitement.
I closed my eyelashes and place both hands on the oxygen tank, seeing a new Tele view of a future event.


The streams of black smoke come from numerous piles of red fires. Silver and gold swaying swords come from lots of dead bodies.

Pairs of flying ships deliver a set of red maser waves, hitting above, below, and around a familiar golden three-tied mansion, standing alone within the bright orange sands of planet Sahara.

An angry Rann, a smiling Rita, a nervous Dirk, a sweaty Ty, and a galloping Starra fight during the second battle.



Then my active mind jumps back present into the second alien timeline, I opened my eyelashes, cutting the Tele link with a smile, leaping off from the sofa with the oxygen tank in both hands with a yell. “I’m there!” I swung the tank onto the soft fabric sofa, completing a half circle and dashed to my zipper on the second tier of the castle.
The door slammed opened and dropped down over the concrete with a loud crash.
I slid into pilot chair since the door was opened, engaging a Tele grab of the invisible air waves and a Tele lift of the heavy zipper without igniting the engines. I performed a Tele shove through the air waves, leaving the castle, flying through the atmosphere and into the stars.
I pressed the button, igniting the engines for a super-fast hype speed to the Wall and then to Sahara while I conserved my Tele powers for the upcoming bloody fight.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.


Planet Sahara
Castle of Prince Rann
Orange sand and yellow heat
13th hour, early afternoon


The silver tinted ram ship of King Bartholomew glistened like the princess diamond ring on the fourth finger pad of Starra from the bright solar sun inside the Sahara orbit.
I watched the vicious ticks of colorful yellow, red, and green shots of masers, playing tag with Dirk’s three ram ships.
Both space vessels swatted at the numerous tiny pests of Bartholomew’s zippers, carriers, passengers, and freighters space craft, dwindling down Dirk’s stupid empire. The rim of black outer space prettily filled with zipping, junking, dunking, and careening silver and gold star ships.
I dodged, dogged, jerked, and jolted violently the zipper away from the sky troopers of Emperor Dirk, hearing with my Tele eardrums the voice of Bartholomew.
Bartholomew spit his commands in bass timber tone inside damaged but functioning ram ship.
I watched citizens viciously die from every beautiful release of an assortment of colored maser bombs and beams totally barrage and bombard onto the hot orange sands.
The real Sahara natives were sand spiders and sand snakes. Its bite of sting tip or tooth fang was poisonous, if the toxic encountered the flesh, bone, or blood. There was not a cure or an antidote or a hope.
You died. Period. I sighed with death.
Rann’s castle prettily played host to colorfully intensive hand-to-hand, maser-to-maser, or sword-to-sword combo fighting within the interior or exterior levels of the castle battling each other.
Dirk’s rebels versus Bartholomew’s warriors.
I turned and flew back toward the castle, making an executive decision to help both Dirk and Bartholomew, activating the electric blue weapon switch on my ship. My ship was the personally Rann-designed and generously paid, a billion-dollar, super-duper zipper ship which was one of Rann’s newly created war-designed new toys. I sighed with affection.
I accessed the comlen screen, measuring the body heat, the temperature, and the biomedical track of each rebel for Dirk, carefully listening to the comfone space lines for the intergalactic and intragalactic transmissions with my Tele eardrums. Then I aimed and pinpointed the stun maser beam precisely at all these warrior targets.
I did not take a good or bad side here.
Both the rebels and warriors were the citizens from the same galaxy. I pondered Rann’s location here on Sahara, since I might have to save him…naw…he might have to save me again.
Rann seemed to continuously compliment, help, assist, assure…(breathe)…provide, protect, and saving Starra from every bad person, bad place, and bad thing within universe. I sighed with happiness.
I flew fast, zooming down from the high orbit, soaring at angle like an angel through the baby blue sky, sailing even over the bright orange sands and sprinkled a mellow blue light over the hair roots of each fighter with a giggle and a grin. “Have a nice nap, boys and girls!” I sighed with delight.
Help! Ty connected, linked, and then Tele talked to any listening Tele.
I flew over the castle and up into the sky, turning around and landed onto the empty patio pad, when I had flown the death race and won against Rann. Wow! Those had been some good old times back then.
I parked and killed the engine, sliding the gliding stick into the center. Each ship doors slid upward and opened.
I slide out running and broke the set of patio doors with a yell. “Sorry, Rann! I’ll fix it later or pay of it later I promise.” I dashed across the dirty floor, up the staircase of dead bodies, scooping up a bloody silver tinted sword with a right hand and a bloody maser in the left and jumped over the rest of the trashy floor and halted mid-air with a Tele stop. Yeah, I could do that. My Tele eardrums heard the faint sound of grunts and moans.
I performed a Tele drop, running toward the end of the third level of the castle, hearing the yells of pain and pings of fire spit and turned wall corner with a gasp, slamming into the boot heels of a flattened body with a sneer. “Stang, man.”
Nat flipped over and scissor-grabbed both her legs, flipping Starra over and down onto the floor with a grunt. “Shh!”
I landed a fanny over the floor with a grunt, falling forward and then crouched down hiding behind the back spine of Nat and his other warriors behind a tall stack of messy pyramid of chairs and tables.
More of Bartholomew’s Warriors gathered around the Starra and Nat as they eye witnessed the rebels of Dirk. Each rebel wore a uniform of red blood, a sword of gold, and a maser weapon in black. Then the Bartholomew’s warriors stood and yelled, invading, attacking and charged at the enemy on the opposite side of the wall. I sighed with blindness.
The Sahara palace was designed like an elegantly staircase of steps. Each level went higher and wider up into the previous floor.
Starra and Nat’s warrior moved further down and hid on level three, the prisoner living quarters, the playtime recreational rooms, and the mealtime mess hall. Yeah, I could read. There was an exterior secured landing pad for a royal carrier ship to deliver a new convicted criminal into the Prison Planet.
The exterior walls were destroyed with an array of big and beautifully red tinted maser blasts that didn’t reach into the interior thick walls, duh, a prison for prisoners. The interior walls lined with a group of vicious rebels, who enjoyed a maser performance on Ty and his small band of warriors.
Ty and his warriors were trapped inside a small individual jail prison with a set of see-through vertical steel bars and a set of invisible air molecules protecting them. Broken table ends, pieces of chairs, and ash-covered fabric on sofas scantily covered Ty and his girls and boys, since Dirk’s little girls enjoyed picking them off one by one with both an accurate slow motion pace. I sighed with rage.
A mover was the secret Tele code name which had been assigned by Rann for the team of Tele warriors, who were gifted with the Tele power of telekinesis.
I turned and connected my eyelashes to each mover within the small crowd and silently motion with at hand for them to fall behind my back spine. They slowed forming a horizontal line across the hallway wall. Then I stood upright on the opposite end of the rebel line first with the line, plotting my Tele-rescue of Ty and Ty’s warriors.
I squatted as the Movers squatted against the two walls. Each warrior lifted and aimed a maser weapon at the back spine of an enemy.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
One, two, three, fire! I connected, linked, and then Tele talked to each Mover.
The desks and table magically executed a Tele lift using a combined Tele power of telekinesis from each mover. Then the non-Teel warriors shot out a blue colored stunner wave at each butt-hole of a rebel without causing any bodily harm.
Ty did not hear any more zinging pings of the maser fire, cautiously peek-a-booing a worried face around the battered table, grinning at his friend. He stood and moved around the unconscious rebels, viewing each face, stopping and stood in front of Starra, bowing with honor and respect and stood upright with a smile and a chuckle. “My many and gratefully thanks to your properly timed and swiftly executed service, Commander.”
“My pleasure, Major.” I smiled with saving life, not taking death.
Ty reached out and slammed her bloody and naked bicep, looking down at the each sleeping body with a smile and a nod. “I’ll take care of the clean-up duties.”
“That’s a deal,” I nodded with a giggle, since I really hated doing domestic chores.
“Starra,” his deep bass timber echoed coming from the intersection wall corners and as his tall body frame advanced nosily in a pair of spit and polished black colored knee high, wearing a clean and pressed white colored tunic and a pair of matching trousers that were neatly tucked down into the boots from his interrupted wedding, this afternoon.
I body spun around to an unpleasant, angry, and sweaty sunburned face to see my royal boyfriend Bartholomew coming out from the hot sands of Sahara. He stopped and stood in place, yelling at her with a sneer. “I gave you, a direct order to stay home.”
Ty pulled up beside Starra with a nod and a stern face to the king. “Sire, Starra saved our lives.”
I frowned at the king. “You forget to say please, B.A.” I chuckled with Ty, all the warriors, and some of the rebels, since I had outfoxed the fox.
Bartholomew reached out and snatched her bloody naked forearm, jerking Starra into his chest, staring into her eyeballs with a growl for all eardrums. “The War is over.”
I was pulled gently away from his stinky and sweaty face, feeling his fury, seeing his angry. Bartholomew sneered again at Starra.
I belayed my awesome Tele power to land his five feet and ten inched body frame from eating the dirty floor tile. I eye scanned the warriors of Bartholomew, mentally receiving some nasty Tele talk from the angry consensus to put the king back in his place, especially from the Tele warriors. I mentally switched my thinking gears and purposefully submitted to the king’s will, rule, and kingdom. I sighed with calmness.
I smiled. The remaining and alive citizens appreciated their new life and appreciated the beauty, brains, brawn, bravery, bold, brazen, brassy…(breathe)….babe, benevolent, benign, believe…boring me. 
Bartholomew quickly rushed Starra off the third level, down the second tier, plowing through the bottom stairs while they dashed ahead toward the royal zipper.
On the 14th hour, early afternoon, in the Sahara skyline of blue colors with yellow bright sunlight, Bartholomew motioned with a hand to Pbot. It ignited the engines, moving the royal carrier ship and plopped down into the orange sand, creating a big puff bowl of dust. He coughed and waved the dust from his eyeballs and his nostrils with a sneer. “Get in.”
Yeah, I obeyed my man, sliding into the soft leather with some itchy orange sand grains, executing at Tele slam on the rear door.
Bartholomew huffed with annoyance and back stepped, spinning around, entering on the opposite side.
Inside the rear bench seat of smooth leather, I turned with a puff and stared at the orange sands, not him with a sneer, “Did you capture Dirk by chance, darling?”
“Yes!” Bartholomew turned and stared out the window at the orange sands too.
I stared at the shifting orange sands of forever on Planet Sahara and then returned back to see a new Bartholomew from the second alien timeline, wearing a blank face.
King Bartholomew was not the fun, carefree, happy, and a proper gentleman from the first alien timeline. He was uptight, sad, mean, rude, jealous, and revengeful to Starra, Rann, and all the other citizens of the new galaxy just today.  I did not count the first days of this second time line.
I emotional felt some type of heart pulse that was caring love but not true love for the new Bartholomew. I whispered for my eardrums only. “Love is love, here, today, gone tomorrow.”


I mentally back flashed past, into last night, when I had moved one hundred and sixty-three chairs and fifteen heavy eating tables plus part of the west wing foundation concrete slab about six inches to the west, where sixteen citizens stood and experienced my awesome Tele power of telekinesis.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present, I totally recalled the current time, place, space and day. I frowned at Bartholomew.
Bartholomew wasn’t happy about her solo Tele performance last night or this afternoon.
My old faithful friend Rann had whispered softly into my eardrum inside the royal air ship during our ride to the wedding auditorium. I had consumed a substance called cane sugar, an aqua tinted liquid. I had drunk three full bottles of the stuff.
Rann sniggered, saying that the first bottle should have incapacitated my Tele powers. The second bottle should have knocked Starra, unconscious. After consuming the third bottle, Starra should be dead.
The sugar cane produce was not prepared under the best of sanitary conditions and contained way too many deadly poisons and toxins within vile mixture.
Cane sugar was demonized by Rann, responsible for monolithic cause of fatness and rotten mouth teeth and disintegrating body bones.
Many natural sugars were sorta healthy but not sweetened raw and organic cane sugar that came from humid and heated Tech World. Sugar cane was native to Tech World, only.
The aqua colored tall stalk grew in tropic weather with a plentiful of water for three months. The crop could not tolerate a frost morning or cold weather.
On Tech World, the factories were built in the shape of rectangular boxes of stone that served as a hot furnace with a series of openings on the bottom to stoke the fire and remove the burnt ashes.
The sugar cane stalk grew between the stone boxes as it was watered by the run-off of chemicals from the metal equipment. The water was heated with impurities of poison, making the sugar cane stalk turn into a pretty dark blue color and then it cooled into an aqua tinted.
The useful bots cut and gathered each aqua tinted stalk, pitching the plant into a set of open metal barrels. Each closed metal barrel heated during the day from sunshine and at night from hot furnace, making the sugar cane soft and fluid. Then the evil citizens would steal a full metal barrel and sell to the highest bidder for currs.
Most of the sugar cane fluid ended up as pesticides for killing the nasty bugs on each noble plant but one or two metal barrels ended up in the hands of evil Emperor Dirk.
The nasty Tech World chemicals within the aqua tinted sugar cane, when consumed by a man or a beast, would cause any skin tone to streak into a series of yellow vertical lines first then turn into red dotted rashes second and finally into blue solid skin tone. Blue was death of man or beast.
Some of the deadly chemicals included sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide, carbon monoxide that drained and dripped from the combustion metal mechanisms of the conveyor belts, the refineries, the boilers, the regeneration kilns, the carbonation tanks, the evaporator stations, and the vacuum pans.
I giggled at my silliness of silly past mistakes.
Bartholomew heard the giggle, jerking an angry face with a snarl to see her nose profile without a set of words, turning away and stared back down at the shifting sands of Sahara. 
I rolled my eyeballs beautifully and turned to see the dancing orange sands of heated Sahara, automatically day dreaming about its hot sexy male master. I sighed with hotness.
“Love versus true love,” Rann said to Starra last night.
I remembered our light chit-chat last night with a smile, expressing my love, giving mine everything, including my heart, my mind, my emotions, and my soul to one man.
I said to Rann, “I truly…”
Starra! Rann connected, linked, and then Tele talked to her.
Rann! I connected, linked, and then Tele talked back to him.
I created a Tele beacon and performed a Tele launch, swirling my Tele eyeballs throughout the cloudless blue sky of Sahara, halted and found a faint light around the body of Rann. I used a Tele slap of telekinesis, pressing the navigation switch on the comlen panel of the flying ship and executed a Tele steer and a Tele path of the royal carrier into the new southeastern geographical direction over the orange sands desert of Sahara.
Pbot automatically altered the direction, since the bot was an obedient machine, without the eyeball and nose detection from King Bartholomew. Bartholomew was not being co-operative and nice today with any of her genius ideas, plans, or successes. 
I was not leaving Rann behind on his home world, without checking on his medical condition first. He was my ‘bestest’ friend in the galaxy. I sighed with friendship.
The carrier quickly traveled the royal couple toward the programmed destination.
I turned and stared down with my regular eyeballs, seeing a tall female, a tall man, and an injured male within the orange sands, reaching out and forcefully slapped the bicep of Bartholomew with a sneer, slamming the glass of the window with my finger and a growl. “Bartholomew, look down here, I see Dirk down there and Rann’s with both Dirk and Rita. We can capture them now and really end the War foreverly,” nodding.
Bartholomew stared ahead with a snort through the forward wind shield, voicing with a) sore throat or b) tight angry. “There is no need. We have taken his ram ship. Dirk has no transport to escape from Sahara. The Sahara land forces will capture both him and Rita and then I will end the War foreverly.”
I turned and stared at the comlen, seeing a set of very tiny purple colored dots that represented the Sahara search and rescue vessels. The land ships were way too far, far away to help Rann and capture Dirk and Rita.
I shook my curls, tossing both arms into the air and turned with a sneer of annoyance and worry. “No time, Bartholomew! Rann looks hurt, maybe, seriously injured.” I swung my curls at the metal rear skull of robot with a queen sneer and a new queenly order. “Pbot, descend the dang ship!”
Pbot immediately obeyed the queenly command, switching the gears as the carrier de-accelerated the speed, lowering down toward the orange sands.
I was concerned about Rann being near Dirk and Rita. I sighed with worry.
“Pbot, belay that order.” Bartholomew sneered at the metal rear skull of Pbot.
I swung my curls with a growl to see him. “Why?”
Bartholomew smirked at the metal skull of Pbot. The pilot robot manually altered the change, increasing speed and moved back toward the original path the ram ship of Bartholomew among the stars and over the planet Sahara. He sneered. “Rann can take care of himself.”
I snarled and huffed out numerous air molecules, holding back my killing Tele powers from murdering the king of dumbo-dom. “Stop the dang ship, Bartholomew.”
Bartholomew shook his crowned blonde colored hairy skull with a smile. “I said no, Starra. We both have a set of royal duties to perform for this special occasion. The War has ended. We’re heading toward the ram ship for home on Commerce,” nodding.
I balled both hands into folded fists of white, without punching something like the soft flesh of his face. “O! We both have a set of royal duties to the citizens, which is fine and dandy Bartholomew. What about your duty of friendship to Rann?”
Bartholomew had not truly forgiven Rann for his dead sister and had decided to let Rann die. Or worse let Rann die, let Dirk escape, and blame it on the Sahara honor guards and then marry Starra, living happily after ever within his peaceful galaxy as the king of foreverly. 
Bartholomew turned and stared down at the shifting orange sands with a smile. “Not today, this is Rann’s world. There is a rescue party, searching for him. The ship will be along within minutes. We have other duties to attend, Queen to be Starra. Don’t worry your pretty little head over it, dear!”
I slid away from Bartholomew toward the edge of the bench seat, slamming into the door, feeling the cool metal with a naked bicep. “We assist now, Bartholomew.” I sighed with fury.
Bartholomew turned and looked down, brushing off a set of visible white lint from his white trousers with a smile. “My direct order, Starra.”
I sneered at his nose profile and hair roots. “Royal duty stands freely for all of honor, trust, and friendship, King Bartholomew.” I swallowed the thick mouth saliva, squashing both folded fists in and out with my fingernails marks, cutting into both palms, producing red blood proteins. He turned and blinked a set of wet tears inside both eye sockets. I growled. “Pbot, halt the stang ship.” Then I executed a Tele freeze on the engine gears, ensuring that the carrier ship halted in a mid-air and hovered in the sky. The carrier elegantly swayed side to side from the hot breezes on Sahara. Bartholomew reached out for her. I slammed a back spine to the metal door. He acted really dumbo, parting his lips with confusion. “What are you doing, Starra?”
I touched the handler behind a back spine with a smile. “Saving Rann!”
Bartholomew dropped open a mouth with shock. “Starra, if you leave, you will never be queen in my universe.” I stared at a teary-eyed Bartholomew, creating at Tele slap of heavy door, swinging around, dropping my legs over the edge of nothingness. I performed a Tele leap into the air among the pretty blue sky, gathering the gently air currents around my body, gliding like a bird down to the ground.
At the 15th hour (early afternoon) on top of the orange sands of Planet Sahara with blue sky and yellow sunlight without clouds, I prettily performed a Tele land onto the sands, bending both kneecaps and rolled into a purr kitten-ball to absorb the body shock of the impact. I twisted sideways over the sands and stood in place, scanning the hot sands. I executed a Tele jump, shaking the loose sand from my hair roots and my clothes and performed a Tele scan on my body, finding no broken bones, several open flesh cuts, and a bruised heart. I sighed with disappointment.
I executed a Tele sprint with a Tele view, seeing in the far, far distance.
Dirk squatted and twirled a twinkling golden talisman over the forehead of an unconscious Rann. The talisman would unleash all the Tele powers within any and all living life forms.
However, Rann already had unleashed his Tele powers which had been tapped by the talisman that came from Lady Rosa to Starra. So then the opposite reaction would affect Rann. The talisman would suck the life out of the prince.
I raced at Tele pace speed toward Rann, engaging a new obstacle Rita. I wickedly grinned, since I face the back spine of Rita. She was busy, teasing and baiting at poor unconscious Rann with her ugly verbal abuse and empty death threats. I sighed with surprise.
I charged first, grabbing her left forearm, swinging Rita around and plowed a folded fist into her pale pointy pretty nose. Rita stumbled and fumbled and finally tumbled backward from Starra, landing flat down over orange sands, deciding to sleep for a while. Rita would miss Starra’s performance. Starra was going to beat the heck outta Dirk.
I leaped over Rita and ran over the sands, pondering. Poor Rita and her new painful black and blue bruises would look really ugly for a few months, after her upcoming reconstructive facial surgery. I growled. “Payback is great.” I saw the back spine of Dirk. He leaned over an injured Rann. My Tele eardrum heard the empty threats from Dirk too. 
“Today, you will die, Rann.” Dirk had stabbed Rann with the golden dagger tip into the left shoulder, pinning the prince down into the orange sands, rotating the dizzy talisman in air over the forehead of Rann. The talisman would suck out all of Rann’s Tele powers, giving the precious Tele talent to Dirk. Rann’s awesome Tele powers would soak into the sick rotten mind and damaged body parts of Emperor/Lord Dirk
And then Rann would die and be gone foreverly.
When a citizen died within a timeline, the citizen did not come back, such like, Lady Rosa, Lady Ann, and King Rex.
I performed a Tele dash towards the back spine on Dirk. “Die, not today, prince.” I whispered for my eardrums only.
I performed a Tele cartwheel and then Tele leap into two forward flips, stopping and stood upright and stepped a right boot toe forward and kicked the snot out of that twirling talisman in the hand of Dirk. The talisman l, launched like a Game ball, flying through the blue sky toward a small water hole. I executed a Tele see of telepathy.
The talisman rotated then twirled, then swirled, then spun, and finally soared far, far away from Starra and Dirk. It splash landed inside the water hole, not even scaring the deadly snakes or spiders.
The water was surrounded by a set of sand spiders and snakes, warming a cold body within the hot sunlight. I sigh with awesomeness.
Man, I should play on one of the Game teams as a game kicker.
I danced a left foot, a right foot, a left foot, and kicked the snot out of Dirk’s nose as his red blood spurted into the air and landed down on Starra, him, and the sands.
Dirk stumbled backward in shock and then stopped, slumping sideways, landing over the sands into unconsciousness. I sighed with reward.
I giggled. “Not today, Dirk.” I body spun to Rann, noting dangerously the approaching sand snakes and spiders slowly on the left and on the right of Rann. The creatures smelled the fresh blood for lunchtime.
I executed a Tele grab and a Tele lift, gently gathering and lifting the gang of real inhabitants of Sahara into the air and a Tele drop and a Tele land into a nearby blue watery fresh lake. This planet was their home world. I respected all kinds of life on every planet in every galaxy. I sighed with nature.
I dropped down on both kneecaps, examining semi-conscious state of Rann, seeing the bloody wound. The golden tipped dagger of Dirk had penetrated deeply into the seven layers of fleshy skin, taunt muscle, a few soft blood veins of Rann, stopping at the bone, nicking a few fragments of broken bone that danced around his blood stream. I sighed with fixing it.
The dagger was coated with three tiny droplets of a Sahara snake poison, which was the favored death form from Dirk for an enemy.
I swiftly worked to save Rann, noting seconds until a swift and quick death of his life. I firmly pressed both palms onto his naked chest and executed a vicious Tele jerk with telekinesis, removing the poisoned coated dagger, pulling it out from the left shoulder bone of Rann. He moaned with life.
I did not want to touch the coated poisoned dagger either, since I would die in point zero seconds too.
I slapped both palms together and generated a Tele sizzle of hot intense heat with telemetabolics, treating the open shoulder wound. I examined his body, performing a Tele locate of the contaminated poisoned snake blood that was floating around his bones and his tissues. I sighed with danger.
The snake poison was a dark brown tint compared to his bright red healthy blood.
I excited a Tele collection of the bad blood inside the inner guts on Rann while flowing strings of brown tinted poisonous venom around each one of his organs. Then I dumped the strings of deadly toxin down into the healthy liver on Rann. The liver quickly processed the numerous pieces of deadly brown tinted toxins, coming out through the biological anal system later this evening for the continued survival of Rann.
I performed a Tele laceration on his shoulder muscle, floating his numerous tiny bone fragments back in place, building the bone back into the collar bone and re-connected the severed blood veins into a formation of concatenation. I executed a Tele sew of all his ripped muscle tissue around the new bone, repairing his shoulder. The growth of healthy muscle and red blood flowed throughout his veins as all the bones and skin tissues mended together.
I sat back with a puff, performing a Tele scan with telemetabolics, checking all the healthy cells. Each cells produce and increased the blood flow, going into his brain, his heart, both lungs, and a working liver. The liver purged his internal organs of all remnants of all the snake toxic poisons. I sighed with duty.
The seven layers of fleshy skin astoundingly re-generated and formed a top epidermis on the left shoulder, slightly darkened from his original coffee-colored skin tone, not perfect.
I leaned over and pressed both red tinted palms to his naked chest, applied a Tele healing with heat, cleaning the open wound of the set of newly developed brown crusted scabs, some ugly blue bruises, and lots of discolored yellow skin tissue and removed both palms, seeing a healed wound, pausing for beauty at completed homework assignment with a grin and a giggle.
I performed a Tele trace with telemetabolics, touching tenderly with a finger over the left shoulder, providing more heated and warmed skin melanin, watching Rann glow in light with a smile. No cuts. No bruises. No scars. I signed with pride.
Rann slightly stirred awaken, lifting both arms and legs, standing upright on both elbows, staring with a puzzled brow at Starra.
I leaned down with a grin and a whisper into his frown. “Geez, you’re going to live, Rann.” I pulled back with a smile and a laugh.
“I heard that, Starra.” He moaned of pain.
I clapped with a smile, feeling true love. “Good, I got your attention, prince,”
Rann turned and scanned the desert sands and returned back to see her with a confused brow. “What happened, Starra?”
I thumbed back over a collar bone with a smile. “Dirk!” I leaned down with a grin and a whisper into his frown. “But don’t worry now, he can’t hurt you, ever.”
Rann exhaled. “Help me up.”
I stood upright, bending at the kneecaps and stepped over Rann, grabbing his waist and executed a Tele lift with telekinesis. I heaved and grunt, lifting his muscular body upright in the air and landed him onto a pair of booted feet. Then I leaned over and wrapped both biceps around his fit waist, holding him upright with my mighty Tele power of Telekinesis with a giggle and a grin, smelling his musk and woody cologne.
Rann wobbled side to side within her petite-ness. He was still weak, dehydrated, and traumatized coming from the reptile ordeal with both the snaky poison and a sneaky Dirk. I sighed with revenge.
Boom!
The massive sound thundered like a mighty thunderstorm over the orange sands. However, it did not rain ever on planet Sahara. Thus, the two roaring ram ship had violently collided, detonated, exploded, and vanished into a zillion bites of tiny rich colorful yellow, blue, red, green, orange, silver, pink, golden particles of space dust.
I scooted around the body of Rann with a worried brow, executing a Tele find toward his far and away noble castle, seeking Ty, Nat, and the other faces of men, women, and children but I did not find him, see him, and feel Bartholomew. I sighed with sorrow.
I looked up to eye burn the cold and dark black outer space with a worried brow, seeking other life. No bodies. No bots. No ships. The pretty flash had imploded swiftly, encompassing a five-mile radius inside the stratosphere over planet Sahara.
King Bartholomew had commanded four thousand men, women, and children with three thousand bots on board his personal royal ram ship as the last revelation of the War. I sighed with sadness.
A few days later…


Alien Day 66


Royal castle of dead and buried King Bartholomew
Noble committee meeting setting
10th hour, mid-day lunchtime
Cool temperatures and partly cloudy


Two days had passed since the end of war, the capture of an enemy, and the death of a king.
The royal noble committee had decided that there would be no formal horse-drawn long funeral procession for the dead King Bartholomew of planet Commerce, the former Baron of planet Agri.
The war was a failure without one side winning the battle and no side was happy either. The citizens were defeated, broken, and dispassionate about all the current events, except for one man.
I beautifully lounged in a new dark gray formal ball gown with an off-the-shoulder collar. A set of circular ruffled four tiers created a pretty plantation skirt. My new elbow gloves along with a tiny half-moon diamond tiara in my hair roots. A diamond necklace suffocates my throat and two diamond earrings pinch both earlobes with two bracelets around my wrists like an alien princess. I sigh with contentment.
“Who do we want to nominate for King of the new Universe?” Ivan stood and scanned the remaining nobles minus Rita and Dirk, who were eating the lunch meal inside a set of individual prison compartment on planet Sahara.
Ty cleared a throat with a nod and a smile. “Rann.”
Tok tossed both arms with a nod and a smile, “Raise hands for Rann as King of the new Universe.”
All palms shot upright into the air waves.
Rann stood with a nod and a smile to see each noble. “I will accept as a president without a kingly title. I am the President of a Nation, not the King of a Universe.” He turned and winked at Starra.
I recalled that my Tele prediction had come true for him.
Rann ordered the first command with a stern face to each noble. “Ivan will retain Tech World and rule the Prison Planet. Ty will inherit the Farm World of Agri. Tok is responsible for the future planning of a new universe School for the learning children, and a new Medical Hospital for the sick ailing patients,” he turned and stared with a nod at Starra. “Starra will live inside her Bonita mansion on Commerce and will be given back her home world of Bonita as gifts of both her courage and bravery to the new kingdom from the royal noble committee.” He turned and scanned with a smile and a nod to each noble. “That’s it, folks. Dismissed for today!” I sighed with happiness.
The royal noble committee had ordered both the cleanup of citizen and robot crews for the identification and burial of the bodies of children, parents, teachers, patients, doctors, nurses, technicians, guests, relatives, and visitors, after the permanent devastation and death on Planet Bonita. I would not be visiting my repossessed home world for a very, very, long, long time. I sighed with sadness.
All the other nobles and noblettes quickly exited the royal noble meeting room, leaving Starra and Rann alone.
Rann turned and moved, stopping and spun around, blocking the archway, saying with a smile to Starra. “May I speak with you in private, Starra?”
I turned and scanned the lonely room with a giggle and a grin, “Of course, Mr. President.” I returned with a smile and a wink to see his grin.
Rann reached down and grabbed her hand, turning and dragged Starra from the room, moving ahead, crossing the empty hallway toward the elevator doors with a smile and a chuckle.
They stopped and stood in front of the closed elevator doors, leading up to the upper levels of the castle.
Rann pulled Starra closely into his rib cage, sweet breathing onto her cheekbone with a smile. “I would like to show you some of the changes that are taking place inside my castle. I am very excited about all the new transformations. I hope you will be, too, Starra.”
“Okay, Mr. President,” I shifted side to side, bumping into his hip with a grin and a giggle, feeling his warmth smelling his woody cologne.
The doors opened.
They moved into the carriage,
Rann spun around to see an empty hallway, wiggling a finger, executing a Tele tap on button number three with a grin.
The door closed. The elevator stopped.
They moved ahead a few inches and stopped on top of a dirty floor of the third floor of castle, where a set of nosily Rbots or repair robots worked on the walls and rooms.
Rann cuddled her from the mess and posed in front of the elevator archway, seeing the construction with a smile and a nod. “I’m building a new banquet hall which will accommodate five hundred people, all at one time. I want to give a set of big huge grand parties and functions for the citizens of the universe to attend. I plan the first party, next week.”
The nosily Rbots broke down wall plaster and glued glittering stones around the new flooring.
I stared at the mess with a confused brow. “You’re very ambitious for the new President of a Nation.”
Rann huddled her closer, almost kissing her cheekbone with a smile and a whisper. “I’m a very ambitious man. Period!” 
They back stepped and entered the carriage again.
The door closed.
The elevator skipped the fourth floor of the castle, where the living quarters and guest rooms stood for the president and any newly invited visitors. The elevator halted and opened the door onto the fifth floor.
Rann moved ahead and stopped over a dirty floor again with a smile and a nod, “This will be the new presidential entertainment hall which will be filled with many billiard tables, bar stools, bar counters, two dance floors, and lots of comfones and comlens for music, electronic games, and other electronic toys for any visiting citizens to party at Rann’s new castle,” laughing.
“Sounds like fun.” I laughed.
The elevator skipped the sixth floor and stopped on the seventh floor.
Rann led towards the cold stone twisted staircase. I sigh with fear.
“The steps are to the left.” Rann pointed around the wall corner with a smile.
I purposefully dragged my dress train behind his back spine.
He tugged on her hand with a smile. “It’s all right, Starra. Only stairs, they’re not going to bite you.” I held his hand for protection.


Then I mentally back flashed past within the first alien timeline, when I had been imprisoned inside the palace tower room as an accused alien.

I had been sentenced to die like a native traitor, hanging from my alien neck muscles inside the Stadium building while standing on top of a new pine smelly wooden set of newly constructed gallows.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present, I hugged his rib cage with fear and doubt.
They moved up each step, slamming the stone with a soft tap.
I held my breath and held tightly to his bicep.
He said into her eardrum. “This was the old prison under King Rex’s reign. I had the prison bars and the single small steel cot removed. Rex used it from time to time as a holding pen for an awaiting execution of unruly prison inmate which never had occurred during my life time. However, I only witnessed one hangman’s event personally inside the Stadium building. It was a mysterious unknown female. She was convicted of treason to the Crown. The young girl was held here under a set of royal guards and then escorted to the royal gallows. She had been placed her inside the royal hangman’s noose and then like magic she had disappeared from the gallows. No one in the universe could find her. It’s still a mystery of gossip to what happened to her,” chuckling.
I exhaled with a puff of relief and a soft timber. “My, my, my, that is quite a fairy tale, Rann.” I was the mystery girl that had disappeared from the gallows, the stadium, the planet, and the universe. I sighed with uneasiness.
Rann patted her forearm with tenderness.
They stopped and stood inside the archway of the tower room.
He scanned the tiny room with a stern face. “I didn’t want the tower room to remind anyone of a place of sadness. I have removed all the fixtures and enlarged the small window.”
I tapped my toes forward over the new white marble with a smile, feeling happiness and marched to the exposed window inside a new wall. The tower room minus a set of rusty jail bars, the three inched square window, the small cot, all the iron bars, and a pair of bossy royal honor guards was an open space of thirteen feet in height by thirteen feet in length and thirteen feet in depth with a squared shaped new window on the east side of the wall. I stopped and stood in front of the exposed wall of fresh air and bright sunshine with a smile.
Rann dashed ahead and then stopped, standing behind her, wrapped a pair of his steel biceps around her waist. He breathed down into her eardrum with a worried brow. “Be careful, Starra! There’s no glass protecting you, just the open blue sky.” He releases her waist with one hand, reaching up and around and pointed in the direction of south, pulling her away from the naked window and into his chest. “In the southern direction, Rbots are repairing the old Game stadium building for new set of Game events, hopefully finishing the work next week. I’m building a second Stadium building for bot racing, citizen athletic activities, other sporting competitions, and other fun social events for all the citizens of the universe. In the northern direction, I’m going to transform my golden tinted Sahara castle into a Dance and Dinner Bar for adults only to attend before, during, or after working hours of their productive jobs. The Uni castle is planned as a gigantic playground and amusement park for both children and teenagers. Adults can be included for the fun time, too. The Bio castle will be a new merchandise mall with hundreds of vendor booths that represent all the planets to display their native merchandise for sale to both commoners and nobles. Ivan will live inside the Tech castle, wanting more floor space that will hold and house his new police force. The police force will oversee all the enforcement of legal laws, rules, and regulations. Tok will reside inside the Resort castle and then plans to convert it into a gambling hall for both fun and profit, since planet Resort has been damaged beyond any bot repairs.”
I nodded at each idea. Dirk and Rita had caused all the damage, upsetting the delicate balance of order and justice within the galaxy. I said. “These are excellent ideas. Planet Commerce will truly become a real place of true commerce.”
He shifted an arm, wrapping around her collar bone, squeezing tenderly with a whisper into her eardrum. “I hope so. This is my dream. I want the remaining one million citizens of the universe to rest and relax, after a productive day and enjoy the new atmosphere of my planet. I’ve nicknamed it, the Party Planet for fun times,” chuckling. “And southwest of here, the old Agri castle is going to be a family restaurant,” exhaling. “I believe that Bartholomew would have liked this idea. Don’t you, Starra?”
I looked down with a stern face at the long dress hem. “Yes, I do believe that Bartholomew would have approved.” I had finished mourning Bartholomew in my heart and my mind, because I couldn’t save him.


I mentally back flashed past, into yesterday, when I had jumped out and down from the royal carrier ship to save the wounded life of Rann, obeying my loving heart.

Then I had been angry at my blackmailed marriage, obeying the crowned King Bartholomew.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present, I felt unhappy, without obeying my mind either. I had a dull dead relationship with Bartholomew, after I had barged onto the Agri Jubilation Ball scene and purposefully flirted with Bartholomew, daydreaming of a happy marriage that didn’t happen. Then the freaking civil war came along taking all of Bartholomew’s happiness that did happen.
Rann tugged on her hand, pulling Starra from the glass window with a bright smile and tucked her into his chest. He turned and moved them toward the archway with a smile. “I have one more place that I want to take you, Starra. I hope you don’t mind.”
I shook my curls without a single social event or a day of office work on the day calendar. “No, I do not mind.”
They moved through the archway, down the stone staircase, and entered the elevator carriage again.
Rann turned them around and leaned over, pressing the button for the sixth floor. He turned with a smile and a nod to her smile. “I had this place especially designed and created for me.”
The elevator flowed downward and halted at the sixth.
The doors opened.
Rann exited the carriage and led Starra down a darken hallway toward a set of cherry red stained double wooden doors plus a matching set of Gbots that guarded the closed doors. I slowly moved in the plantation dress, tripping over the hemline again, studying the closed doors with a set of mixed emotions at Rann, the doors and the Gbots with wonderment. My Tele powers were too jumbled within my bouncing feelings, picking a fine time to quit working for me.
He turned with a smile to see her hair roots. “Are you ready?” Then Rann stomped forward, gently jerking on her hand and halted.
My Tele sense pinged. Everything is fine, darling.
I stopped and stood in place, holding his hand with a set of shallow breathes. There was something behind that unlocked door. The something was very, very large and covered the entire room. My Tele powers could not tell me or show me the room but I could feel it.
Rann stopped and spun around with a smile, standing in front of Starra without dropping her and pulled her toward the pair of guarding Gbots and the closed door and the something behind the closed door.
I couldn’t breathe inside one single air molecule, surrounding my nose and my mouth. I didn’t like surprises or imprisonments.
They stopped in front of an old set of double purple colored wooden doors.
Rann stared at the doors with a smile. “Are you ready, Starra?”
I stared at the doors with worry, without answering.
The Gbots reached out and grabbed a door handle with a metal limb, swinging open the.
I stared at bright color of red. The entire walls and flooring were painted in the color of red and as I continued to stare inside the square room with puzzlement. I waltzed with Rann through the archway, holding his and stopped, standing in place with a gasp.
The walls were decorated with a series of long swirling and twirling plant vines of red colored roses, coming from the ceiling, draping down to the floor and then over the tile that was a carpet of tiny individual red rose petals.
I looked down with a smile to see my tiny ten gray painted toes that were swimming in piles of loose soft red rose petals, smelling with my nose holes the sweet aroma of roses and looked up with a grin goofy to see Rann.
He leaned down and kissed her cheekbone, pulling back with a smile, extending an arm to the room with a nod. “I had this room especially designed for you, Starra. Each rose petal represents every second of the morning, noon, and night that I think of you. I hope you are pleased.”
I stared down at my toes, the floor, the walls, and up to see the green vines of rose petals that hung down from the ceiling, and as I smiled so wide that my cheeks might crack open and bleed. “Pleased! Rann, pleased is not a sufficient word to describe this room. Honored, flabbergasted, astounded, I can continue, but I know that I cannot find the proper word that I’m searching for within my brain cells. Thank you so much,” I swung around, shuffling into his chest and his smile with a grin. “I love this room. Gorgeous!”
“Just like you, Starra,” he leaned down and kissed the tip of her nose bridge as she blushed with a pinky-pink tint. Rann reached up and pointed to the objects over her hair roots. “Our table awaits, milady.” He twirled her in a half-circle, fluttering the rose petals that danced up and into the air, onto her dress and his trousers, moving ahead to the single table.
I noted the perfect dimensions in size, color, height, weight, and depth of both table chairs which were parked side by side, next to each other at single table with a confused brow. “The chairs?”
He smiled. “I want our relationship to be an equal partnership fifty percent and fifty percent. I want the furniture to reflect my attitude of my life and my new vision of the universe with you, Starra.”
Two dish platters held equal food entrees, such as, two meats, two fishes, two vegetables, two fruits, and two bread rolls underneath a glass, where the rolls of white steam covered the plates not the circular chocolate cake. The cake was decorated with bunches of cute chocolate roses on top of the first tier between the plates.
They stopped and stood in front of the single eating table which stood on top of an elevated platform.
Rann pulled sideways to see her cheekbone with a stern face. “Starra, you might not remember what happened the night before you…”
I slid sideways, facing his smile with a nod, feeling the tickle of the roses over my toes and watched the flutter of hundreds of air-borne red petals on my dress, over my toes and on my Rann. I nodded with a smile. “I do remember. I remembered drinking the little aqua tinted sugary liquid. I remembered feeling, very good. I remembered moving the building, kinda. I recalled with clarity the unusual conversation using telepathy with you. I told you about love and true love. Then I told you. Then I said something, very important to me…my heart,” exhaling with nervousness. “I truly love you, Rann.”
Rann smiled with a nod. “I recalled that, too.” He dropped down on a knee, pulling out a tiny golden satin box from the open vest, proposing gentlemanly. “Starra, I love you. Would you do me the honor of being the first lady of my life, my nation, and my universe? Please marry me? I promise to fill your life with happiness, prosperity, and love for the rest of my remaining days.”
I squealed with glee. “Yes, yes,” I dropped down on both kneecaps and placed both hands over his hand, holding the four-carat diamond ring with a smile. “I love you, Rann. I want to marry and be your first lady.” The ring and the kiss were placed perfectly on my body, pulling back with a smile. I sighed with true love.
A few days later…


Alien Day 70


Stadium building
9th hour, late morning
Newly blue painted game stadium
Blue sky, white clouds, yellow sun
Wedding day of Starra and Rann
Seventy-foot platform
Cool temperatures and sunny


Ironically, the seventy-foot platform had been erected in the exact same spot as the hangman’s gallows within the first alien timeline.
I could smell the dried blood that came from the injured wounds of the gang of royal guards within my Tele nose holes plus my regular eyeballs, seeing the everlasting burnt maser waves permanently etched in the shape of tiny rearing horses into the wood under the faint white color of paint.
However, the pretty wedding altar was nicely decorated in an array of white flowers, consisting of red roses, pink carnations, orange lilies, yellow tulips, purple irises, and other perfumed flowers that I didn’t care to research for their scientific names. The curved arch of marriage held a fresh greenery of vine leaves too. I sighed with prettiness.
Sbots or service bots surrounded Starra and straightened the white ankle-length sheath gown that finely hung around her fit body, trying to comb a set of wind-blown messy waves of tangled gray hair down her bare back. It drones in baritone musical notes to the standing figure near the white curtain. “President Rann, good morning, what is your desire for the day?”
I swung my silver colored long curls with a smile to see a grinning Rann, waltzing into a set of his warm naked arms. Then I frowned with disappointment into his smile. “Rann, don’t you know that it’s bad luck to see the bride, before the wedding?”
He didn’t seem to care, leaning over and planted a wet kiss upon her newly pink-painted lips then she would have to re-apply her lipstick, after he was gone. They pulled back with a smile and a chuckle of wedding happiness. Rann leaned over with a whisper into her smile. “I know,” he kissed her lips again. They pulled back with a smile and a chuckle for the second time. He whispered into her grin. “That’s why I wanted to return this item to you.” He lifted and opened a palm, revealing her precious silver dagger.
I reached and touched my silver tinted dagger with a grin and a giggle. “Weapons are not allowed at our wedding,” as I newly created my first new queenly rule. 
He leaned over with a chuckle and a whisper. “I want you to have it, just in case,” he newly vetoed her new queenly rule, kissing her lips again. They pulled back with a smile and a chuckle.
“You better hurry or you’ll be late for your own wedding,” I enjoy teasing my new almost prince-husband on my almost wedding day.
He leaned over with a chuckle and a whisper. “I can be late, because you…” he reached up and gently tweaked her cute button nose for fun with a chuckle, “…cannot marry without me,” chuckling. They leaned into each other, kissing passionately like they were almost married then Rann slowly pulled away from Starra with a wink in silence. He swiftly spun around a fine body from her, strolling with a whistle to the opposite side of the wedding stage, hiding inside a set of white curtains and waited to begin the marriage ceremony. I sighed with true happiness.
The wedding march sung with a musical fanfare for the start of the marriage ritual on top of the tall platform stage in front of all the citizens of the unknown galaxy.
I slowly waddled in the white slip dress with a three-foot train from the left stage. Rann manly strutted in a new white open vest, without the shirt, and a pair of matching trousers that were neatly tucked down into a pair of spit and polished black colored knee boots from the right side of curtains.
They met in the middle of the stage, hugging and cuddled like a pair of love bugs that had smashed together permanently upon the car wind shield, holding their bodies tightly together underneath the perfumed flowery floral curvy archway, smiling and giggling like a pair of teens on prom night.
Ivan turned and smiled at the nose profile of Starra, “Do you, Starra, take Rann…” The air waves swiftly shifted within the calm cool wind breeze along with the loud sound of a carrier engine roar.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
“Incoming…” I performed a backward Tele shove on Ivan into the hard wall and as I executed a Tele slap on a Tele bubble going around Rann, roughly tossing them with a Tele push back down onto the rough wooden floor with a moan of pain and a zapping sound of sizzle.
Three of the Sbots, the flower arch, and two planks of the wooden stage burned down from a single red maser beam that had scorched in my exact wedding spot. I performed a horizontal Tele leap from the wooden stage and executed a Tele stand on my high heels with a snarl at the escaping carrier.
“Starra!” Rann continued to rest on top of the wedding platform stage underneath the powerful Tele bubble of Starra, whispering in a breathless baritone.
I turned and followed the three blue colored afterburners of the carrier ship with a deadly new baritone sneer, “Dirk.” I flung a hand toward the stage, releasing the Tele bubble around my love Rann.
“Starra!” Rann slowly stood on two palms and two boot toes, whispering in breathless baritone, panting in heavy moans from the vile impact with the wooden stage.
All the comfones inside the stadium squeaked and sounded for all the eardrums, “Freebird is gone, General Ivan.”
Ivan leaned forward from the wall, reaching and rubbing an aching forehead with a hand and lifted his personal comfone to a bloody mouth, “Freebird is here.”
I tossed the bouquet rosebuds of beauty down onto the wooden stage with a sneer of mint breath, staring at the disappearing carrier. “I’m going to kill that man.” I turned and ran toward the edge of the seventy-foot platform, performing a Tele jump into the air without the arm movement, soaring through the air like a free bird too. I executed a Tele glide with a horizontal body without a pair of animal wings or a parachute pack, falling down seventy feet toward the green grass and red soil and landed on my sandals as the three inches of the heels drowned inside the soft grass. I bent my kneecaps to balance my body upright, swiftly dashing to my personal zipper.
Rann finally stood with a wobble and a huff on top of the wedding platform stage, cupping a pair of hands over a mouth with a Tele shout. “Starra!”
I ran into the metal door with a giggle, back stepping from the zipper and flung a hand at the closed door with a touch of Tele. The door opened with a creepy creak. I scooted inside without webbing into the seat, touching the gliding stick and performed a Tele lift of telekinesis on the zipper, floating from the grass and into the air waves in silence with a grin of my new plot-a-plan of revenge, turning with a smile to see Rann. He was waving both arms and finger pads like a crazed madman on top of the wedding platform stage.
I connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Rann: Follow me, boy!
Rann connected, linked, and then Tele talked back to Starra: I love you, Starra. Please wait for me.
I whispered for my eardrums only. “Not happening, my love.” I performed a Tele spin and aimed the zipper toward cold and black outer space, executing a Tele shove from the green grass, without an afterburning smoke smear. The zipper zoomed up through the white clouds and into the cold and black outer space.
Within cold and black outer space with minus 1000ºF and bright stars, the stolen carrier ship with Lord Dirk soared through the black colored space and between the bright stars, toting Rita for the long outer space ride.
No surprise there, ya’ll.
I pressed the button as the cold engines ignited into full power, since I couldn’t fly and fire and kill Dirk all at the same time with a chuckle. I pressed a new button and blasted a set of red maser waves at the blue colored rear end of his carrier.
Dirk jolted and jerked to the left and to the right in a defensive manner against each red deadly maser waves quite well, since he was the second best Tele in the universe.
I dodged, dogged, and cut my zipper to the left and then to the right, zapping a set of more red beams perfectly at one of three afterburners into burnt toast on Dirk’s ship. 
The carrier veered to the left toward the wormhole or a red and yellow fiery ring of death.


I mentally back flashed past, into last week, when I had rat-tattled about the location of the secret Dall-Tex Biosphere on my home world Planet Earth.

I had lied to fake Emperor and real Lord Dirk about surviving Planet Earth’s deadly poisonous radiation.


Then I mentally flashed back present into the second alien timeline, I viewed a black and burnt landscape on top of Planet Bonita below the underbelly on my flying zipper ship.
Then I viewed the colorful wormhole ring among the blue sky and white clouds with a yellow sunshine.
Among the blue sky, Dirk and I ventured toward the wormhole. The comfone on my zipper pinged in a sharp musical tone for operation functioning.
Then the voice of Rann came over the comfone in a sissy whine. “Starra, come in, Starra, Starra! Are you injured or harmed or bleeding? Answer me, please! I see you heading for the wormhole. Are you alright? Come in, please, Starra! Stop and hover your zipper.” Rann was so sweetly worried.
I flew with a snarl behind the three afterburners on the sleek and silver tinted carrier ship of Dirk, targeting his left wing and then purposefully hesitated. My brain cells kicked in action. If I damaged the wing, then the evil and lucky ducky Dirk couldn’t maneuver his ship safely into the wormhole. I re-positioned the maser gun with a snort, pressing a button as the red wave soared over the port wing of the ship, looking like a good shot from Rann’s ship window.  I sighed with deception. 
“Destroy the ship, Starra.” Rann ordered via the comfone inside her zipper ship.
I obeyed and misfired a single volley of a red light as the red wave veered wide right of starboard side, missing totally Dirk’s carrier as I giggled with my evil girl plan.
“You missed, Starra.” Ivan chuckled via his comfone at the poor performance of Starra. The carrier wildly steered toward the mouth of the fiery wormhole, needing six more seconds near gone, never return, and exploded deadly while killing Dirk and Rita. I sighed with exultation.
“Starra, target the afterburner,” Rann commanded via the comfone as he was really determined to eliminate both Dirk and Rita, once and for all.
Alas, I had another plan for the non-dynamic duo, sounding with a hardy snort. My comfone pinged again.
Rann commanded via the comfone inside her zipper. “Starra, obey me.”
Inside my cozy cockpit, I snarled with annoyance. “Our future marriage betta not be like this either.” I counted my math numbers backwards and watched the moving scene before my eyelashes. “Six. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Emperor Dirk and Empress Rita have left the dang building. Yeehaw!” I lifted both arms inside the crammed cockpit, banging out a weird-o musical tone on the steel roof of the cockpit with my finger pads, celebrating my new happiness. A series of red, blue, and yellow colors of a series of far-reaching vertical flames erupted like a set of pretty colorful fireworks, elegantly flowing out and down from the wormhole’s mouth.
Then the vertical flames accidentally blinded the electronic sensors on my zipper. Then a second flare created a gracefully horizontal wide band of fire, expanding beautifully into a perfect rainbow of yellow, red, blue, pink, green, purple, silver, and gold hues, growing and eating space molecules, bright stars, red colored space dust, and Starra.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine, darling. 
I dived not with a set of suicidal intentions the zipper down toward the stratosphere of planet Bonita for a quickie escape and a major avoidance of the deadly band of colorful fire as it violently stuck the ship with a fury of outer space nature’s force. The band of flames jerked the joy stick out of my right hand when I executed a Tele slap of a Tele bubble around my body, seeing a lovely array of rainbow colors within my sorta blurry eyeballs.
A heated band of fiery fire danced and floated around my body inside the zipper. I watched the comlen screen burn into black colors. The leather seat heated into a color of red, and the joy stick melted down into silver puddle. My body flesh scorched into pink colors of burnt and smelly flesh.
I fainted into total pain and darkness, totally.
Present day, place, space, and time


Space shuttle crash site location
Unknown universe. Unknown planet. Unknown landscape
Hot temperatures and bright blue sky with yellow sunshine


I sat numbingly in my assigned seat and blinded purposefully with my eyelashes closed while not moving or not thinking or not praying. I was alive and thankful for the survival trip.
I un-belted the seat restraints from pilot chair in the cockpit inside a grounded and damaged space shuttle. I opened my eyelashes and popped off my space suit helmet, leaping out from the pilot chair and spun around with a gasp of shock, seeing half of a chair. But I was fully intact along with my long wavy gray hair. I swung back around and leaned my freckles down into the console instrument panel, studying the rough terrain. I sighed with surprise.
I looked up to see a broken windshield with numerous cracks that blocked my vision, leaning back, lifting up a foot. I performed a T-slam with my boot sole into the damaged windshield as the broken glass exploded outwardly into the air waves, landing down over the nose of the burnt ship or settles in the dry soil. I saw a tall and short range of mountains on the left side of the ship in the color hue of tan without green or yellow vegetation, only naked mountains. 
However, a dense pack of clouds lingered over the mountain peak, instead of snow caps.
On the right side of the ship, a series of dead tree trunk with small patches of live green colored leaves, half of the low-lying plant bushes and some green colored foliage occupied the area. In front of the burnt nose cone, a dry, crooked narrow vehicle path flowed westward on this dead brown colored planet.
  Inside the damaged cockpit with three walls and the rooftop, I frowned down at the dismal planet environment. “Yeah, it looks like wintertime blues are about to set in for the season,” I slowly spun around from the dead and busted ship console and moved ahead precisely ten feet, and then stopped, standing on top of a jagged ledge that used to be the internal cabin inside the grounded space shuttle.
The space shuttle cabin had exploded sometime between hitting the mountain range to save my fanny and then landing down the damaged ship down inside the valley of dirt to breathe in a set of new air molecules, where I had not personally killed the other crew members. The ancient space shuttle had succumbed to stress and distress of the metal fatigue from the 3,000 degrees of heat inside the wormhole.
Now, I stood at the edge on the broken cockpit section from the remaining space shuttle and exhaled with sorrow, bending both of my kneecaps, performing a T-leap up from the rough floor. I executed a T-sail through the air, through the cool windy breeze, and among the warm yellow tinted sunrays, gently using a T-land down on the brown colored dry dirt. I kicked up a set of tiny brown colored dust tornados in the light breeze that invaded my eyeballs and my two nose holes, sneezing out the soil dust, wiping both of my eyelashes.
I continued to stand upright and exhaled with sadness, closing my eyelashes, whispering for my eardrums. “A structure stands thirteen miles, northeast, from my position.” I opened my eyelashes and lovingly scanned a bright yellow sun, a pretty baby blue sky then eye burned the smooth brown soil, blinking away my wet tears of worry, exhaling with intrigue. 
My mind, body, and heart vividly recalled meeting a set of new people, places, planets, and palaces having traveled both space and time here before for some weird reason.
I gasped. “O no! O yes! I am back here as the alien again.” I shook my gray bangs into both of my eyelashes.
Citizens of the unknown universe:

Ann, Lady of Bonita
Bartholomew, Baron of Agri
Bea, Countess of Ice
Dee, Marquise of Resort
Dirk, Lord of Bonita
Dov, Count of Ice
Ivan, General of Militia
Ito, Priest of Bio
Ivy, Baronetess of Agri
Jo, Governess of Uni
Jon, Governor of Uni
Kona, Major of Militia
Lad, Viscount of Tech
Las, Priestess of Bio
Mar, Generalette of Militia
Rann, Prince of Sahara
Rex, King of Commerce
Rita, Queen of Commerce
Rosa, Lady of Bonita
Roy, Marquis of Resort
Tok, Marquis of Resort
Ty, Administrator of Sahara
Viv, Princess of Sahara
Zak, Baronet of Agri



Planets of the unknown universe:

Agri, planet of food and livestock or Food World
Bio, planet of medical facilities
Bonita, planet of land
Commerce, planet of Royal family and the Game
Ice, planet of snow and ice
Militia, space station of honor guards, pilots, police
Resort, planet of casinos and entertainment center
Sahara, planet of prisoners or Prison Planet
Tech, planet of technology or Tech World
Uni, planet of school
Wall, divider between the two solar suns



Bots of the unknown universe:

Abot, agricultural robot
Bbot, biological robot
Cbot, conqueror robot
Dbot, door robot
Ebot, evacuation robot
Fbot, football robot
Gbot, guard robot
Hbot, housekeeping robot
Ibot, inn robot
Jbot, jury robot
Kbot, kitchen robot
Lbot, lady robot
Mbot, messenger robot
Nbot, news robot
Obot, orchestra robot
Pbot, pilot robot
Qbot, etiquette robot
Rbot, repair robot
Sbot, service robot
Tbot, testing robot
Ubot, “U better not run” robot
Vbot, love robot
Xbot, excavation robot
Ybot, yard robot
Zbot, zipper robot
Present alien planet, day, place, space, and time


Alien Day 71


Planet Bonita
Abandoned building location
Blue sky and white clouds with yellow sun
10th hour (Earth time)


Below the damaged cockpit inside the destroyed Earth space shuttle, I spun around with a sour frown and performed a Tele dash on booted feet, rapidly running through my telekinesis toward a smashed and burned front entrance wooden door, covering the thirteen miles in seven minutes, fifty-three seconds, and four milliseconds. I slowed my Tele pace and viewed the new landscape, moving toward a slab of black colored concrete with an entrance door.
The surrounding grounds displayed scorched black earth and patches of dark green grass, grove of burnt black colored trees and healthy green shade trees, plenty of dead and black colored bushes. The landscape was dotted with large piles of black ashes like one time numerous tall structures had been located there a long time ago.
The single structure of eighteen stories was an abandoned building and displayed numerous missing top floors. The second floor was intact but contained numerous burnt walls without a single native from the new universe to greet my sour puss face, of course.
I slowly creeped over the burnt concrete and avoided each pothole as some of the slab creaked and then dropped down into an underground pit of dirt and bugs. I stopped and stood in front of the burnt but closed wooden door, exhaling with worry.
I reached out and touched a burnt door knob, immediately seeing individual faces of strangers, hearing beautifully happy musical notes inside my active mind as my T-powers flamed and then ignited into a series of colorful images, sounds, places, people, and palaces.
On Planet Earth, I was Starra Starbelt and stand five feet and one inch short, weighing ninety-five pounds and one ounce, possessing a head of long waist-length silver wavy hair against a triangular face with a pair of small gray eyes. I displayed a pointy nose and two high cheekbones around a cliff chin, surrounding my beautiful golden tawny skin tone that was decorated with an array of dark brown freckles. I was seventeen years old and a farm administrator on Planet Earth.
I had been drafted by force from the United Earth Governmental official Peter Martin into the once-in-a-lifetime intergalactic outer space trip to a new planet, in a new galaxy, using my Tele powers consisting of telepathy, telekinesis, telemetabolics, and teleclairvoyance.
Now, I had survived the first earthling intergalactic trip all alone and lonely without Peter and the other crew members for some weird reason or purpose.
I whispered for my eardrums only. “The universe has a purpose too.”
I released the knob quickly and swiftly back stepped from the burnt door, staring down at the door knob and then my extended hand and then the door knob. I turned and stared at the surrounding dead plants and piles of burnt buildings. Then I finished my wicked daydream realizing that this was a new alien timeline, the third.
I returned back and looked at the closed door, reaching out, slamming the burnt wooden door into the interior side wall with easy and soft laughter. The door slowly cracked open with a creepy sound. “Do. Dee. Do. Dee. Do. Dee,” I provided some creepy musical notes and entered the new room, standing in the middle of an empty floor without power and a set of broken window glass.
I performed a T-scan with my telepathy for people and my teleclairvoyance for things concluding quickly. The structure was safe to stand here and pondered what to do next on a new planet, in a new galaxy without friends or food. 
And this standing building had been my old Tele Base from the second alien timeline.
The room was empty without a physical body or a haunting ghost.
I moved ahead and located the electricity box, stopping in front of the side wall, slamming the tiny metal door open. I performed a T-slap with both hands in the air and discharged an invisible array of power from my telekinesis talent. Each mechanic gear powered up without the use of my hands activating the overhead lamps and the air-conditioning system. I pitched both arms in the air and tossed back my sweaty skull. “Yes! Let there be cold air on my sweaty body. Thank you!” I dropped down both of my arms and slammed the dust off my black tinted one-piece Tele outfit, scanning the room again. I sighed with happiness.
I scooted sideways and stood in front of the broken glass window, closing one eyelid, spying on Mother Nature. Scattered row of life included short green colored, low-lying plant bushes, and flocks of colorful birds that chased after bugs on the rows of colorful flowers.


I mentally back flashed past in the second alien time line, when I had been kidnapped as the future queen-to-be-bride to King Bartholomew by the evil and crazy Lord Dirk.

Then I had almost burned alive at the wooden stack by more evil and vicious Viscountess Rita but had been saved by Prince Rann from Planet Sahara. 


Then I mentally flashed present into the three alien timeline, I gasped in horror. “Did I create the massive mess that has destructed all the earth plants and man-made buildings? No! Nope! Naw! I wasn’t me. I was Dirk and his non-married sick-kick Rita. Yeah, it was all Rita and her sick humor.”
I swung around and moved ahead into a small kitchenette and then halted, turning to see a set of burnt upper steps. The staircase had been built by Rann and led up to the numerous floor levels.
I shook my long silver tinted curls with a sour frown. “No! Nope! Naw! There’s nothing up there but more burnt rooms and flakes of gray ashes. Get some food and figure out how to live on a dead planet.” I moved ahead and then stopped with a puzzled brow while shaking my body side to side with annoyance. 
I lifted up a dirty boot heel and then dropped it back down, tossing both of my arms in the air, spinning around to face the burnt staircase. I yelled at any hidden ghosts, “Fine! Fine! Fine! Go and look and see, Starra! She-ghost, here, I come. Ready or not!”
I laughed out loud and tromped up the staircase, landing on the second floor which was the only level with walls that existed above the ground floor.
I slid into the only open archway on a side wall and halted staring at the four walls of slightly burnt black and orange tint while feeling very comfortably here.


I mentally back flashed past into the second alien timeline, when this had been my old sleeping room here at the ancient Tele Base. And I had been called Commander Starra.


Then I mentally flashed present into the three alien timeline, my silver eyeballs matched my silver hair roots and then caught a slight blurry movement inside the partially open closet. I slowly moved ahead with my wild imagination and stopped, opening the closet door. A familiar hanging object dangled on the clothing rack. An ankle-length gray gown hugged a sparkling diamond tiara, two diamond bracelets, a pair of diamond earrings, and a diamond on the same hanger too.
I followed the length of the long gown downward and spotted a new object on the floor. A pair of cowgirl boots shined in black and pink hue standing on the floor.
I squatted down and grabbed the boots off the floor, smiling at the new gift. In the middle of the arch, the color was decorated in a hot pink tinted from an unknown Agri animal. The rest of the boot was black colored. I back stepped and placed the boots on top of the white bed covers which had not been destroyed in the fire.
I scanned the rest of the room which was intact and not destroyed either with a working lavatory.
I peed in the slightly dirty toilet and bathed my dirty body inside the once dirty stall shower while feeling cleanly refreshed.
I also washed out my black jumpsuit without removing each one of the greasy oil stains that came from the crashed space shuttle, parading around the room in my birthday suit and stopped in front of the closet with a smile.
I grabbed and swished the elegant satin gown around the air waves, wrapping it over my body, feeling like an elegant Lady Starra from the first alien timeline. I twirled to the right and then to the left and then to the right and in a set of half-circles while I became dizzy within mind with a giggle. I halted my twirl and then sidestepped next to the bed frame, staring at the mirror, stomping a bare foot on top of a smooth object, cursing my favored word, “Stang!” The word translated into something a lady should not say out loud, unlike my alien tongue.
I looked down and gasped at the grounded mini-bot, looking up, stealing the gown and all the pretty jewelry items, stuffing each one down into the available black tinted cloth bag that was on the floor also. I quickly re-dressed back in my semi-clean black tinted Tele jumpsuit and slipped on the new pair of cowgirl boots. I would look really stupid walking around in a formal gown with in a pair of black cowgirl boots.
I returned back to the bed mattress and snatched up the black bag and the borrowed mini-bot, sitting in a cross-legged post on top of the bed covers, pressing the black button. I read out loud all the new stuff. I sigh with gossip-ness.
I nodded at the screen with new information while reading out loud the words. “Two planets Bio and Uni are foreverly. That word is created by using forever but formally. The two planets have foreverly been radiated into two wastelands of space dust. Planet Resort is a part of an asteroid which is incapable of sustaining human life other wildlife and sea animals.” I sighed with prayer.
“Rann, my dearest friend and bestest boyfriend, here in the third timeline, is still the leader, the president, and the king of universe and likes to be addressed as Prince Rann.” I smiled. “He is not married. That means that I will call him, my new future husband.” I sighed with true love.
I frowned down at the screen. “Old, fat, and tall General Ivan continues to drill the rows of soldiers on one rotating Militia space station which is posed near Tech World in front of the Wall. Ivan holds more power this time around while caring dutifully for the huge mass of citizens, instead of the privileged nobles, guiding the land police officers, noble honor guards, and space pilots.” I nodded. “Ivan wasn’t really a friend to me, but a fair person, sometimes.” I sighed with caution.
“Marquis Tok educates each uneducated kid on a second rotating space station which is called Uni and is positioned near Planet Agri. Planet Uni is radiated from an array of deadly red maser bombs for next 10,000 years.” I laughed. “Tok has always been a neutral friend to me.” I sighed with okay.
“Planet Agri maintains its business core of cotton, corn, and cows working with mechanic Abot robots and human business associates are bossed by Ambassador Ty,” I gasped in shock. “Well, Rann had got promoted to President of the Nation and ruler of the universe. So, that makes sense. And Ty has always been a respected fellow to me.” I sighed with friendship.
“Planet Sahara or the Prison Planet is off-limits to everyone, except for its occupants that consists of a variety of groups, including drunkards, thieves, burglars, and other unruly minor invaders, who are the hard core baddie criminals that enjoy numerous recreational rooms beside the many jail cells during their stay of imprisonment from one day of jail time or rest of their natural born lives.” I gasped and then swallowed the bitter bile back down my dry throat. “Here, in the new timeline, Dirk is alive and well. Why can’t the mini-bot answer that serious question for me? And he owns, operates, and services Planet Sahara. Well, he finally got the noble title, the noble currs, and the noble criminal power.” I sneered. “So, Dirk rules each prisoner on Sahara and also heals each sick person that rotates around on a rotating third space station which is called Bio. He possessed two noble duties and one dumb-hole title.” I sighed with enemy-ness number one.
I nodded. “On Tech World, the set of robots slowly has re-built the universe one bot at a time, which is maintained a bunch of metal parts of bots and managed by one bot, I mean, Viscountess Rita.” I sighed with enemy-ness number two.


I mentally back flashed past into the second alien timeline, when Emperor Dirk and Empress Rita had escaped from Planet Sahara and then they had plunged into the wormhole, trying to reach Planet Earth inside the Milky Way Galaxy.

Since, I had witnessed that event. 


Then I mentally flashed back present into the three alien timeline, inside my old bedroom at the ancient Tele Base, I sneered. “Dirk and Rita are here and alive and breathing. So they didn’t enter the wormhole like I had eyewitnessed. So, they still rule as a noble and a noblette while I am what exactly here.” I sighed with wonderment.
I look up with a sour frown and stared at the colorful wormhole ring through the undivided clean non-broken window from the bed frame inside my old bedroom. I seriously doubted my exiting survival here or an exit voyage with a one-way trip back to Planet Earth through the wormhole either. I exhaled with worry and looked down scanning each electronic article.
I had magically poofed out of the galaxy and then I had again magically created a three space continuum. I signed with absence.
I searched the flowing words and sentences that didn’t seem to mention my valiant efforts within the Galaxy Civil War as the comlen displayed all the dead citizens, including the past dead nobles and noblettes consisting of Bartholomew, Ivy, Zak, Rex, Rosa, Roy, and Dov and others who had gallantly died in the Battle of Commerce, the Battle of Resort, and the Battle of Sahara. But I did not see my name mentioned anywhere as I concluded that I was the alien and I was not supposed to be here. I sighed with dummy-ness.
I continued to read through more information on the screen of the mini-bot.
Planet Bonita was strictly off-limits and was restricted from a set of wondering space travelers, all unauthorized personnel, and every citizen of the universe, including the group of snot-hole nobles and noblettes, but not one alien.
I giggled with amusement and then looked up, narrowing my eyelash at set of whitish-yellow twin beams that continued to annoy my eyelids during my fun reading time. A starship swiftly approached as the engine rumbled in a loud roar.
The bedroom window illuminated with a dark shadow in my body form within the lighted room. I covered my forehead and studied the blinding light with a final conclusion.
I had powered the old generator inside the damaged building which displayed a set of overhead lights coming from the small kitchenette up towards the bathroom lavatory inside the second floor along with the working air conditioner unit cooling my hot body which worked within operating parameters of the equipment. I sighed with operational-ness.
Then, I swiftly concluded with an upset tummy and slapped my cheekbone. I was a single white neon light that brightly beamed up into the black sky on Planet Bonita.
“O no! I just read that information on the mini-bot that this world was strictly off-limits.” I sighed with distress.
“Everything ain’t fine.” I grabbed the cloth bag and T-leaped off the bed with a gasp, stealing the pair of cowgirl boots. I stuffed the mini-bot down into my bag and executed a T-spin over the bed, performing a T-dash through the air, exiting the room. I halted in the air and listen with a pair of Tele eardrums while accessing my telepathy.
I whispered with worry. “They come!”
I stared down an empty hallway and viewed a side door, performing a T-dash through the air, lifting a boot heel and kicked the metal door. I left a nice single foot imprint on the metal and as the metal door bend down and bowed to my freckles, falling on the hallway floor in metal pain.
I entered the exit stairwell and performed a T-soar down the steps, avoiding each cop from the police force who worked for General Ivan.
Outside in front of the burnt front porch on the abandoned building, each black tinted small police starships parked down on top of the green grass and un-load an individual body that carried a maser rifle, tromping a pair of shiny black colored boot on top the brown soil. Each one activated a search light and searched for the single space invader. I sighed with alertness.
Inside the stairwell, I performed a T-trace and followed each police officer while my Tele eardrums could hear each footfall coming through the open archway.
I continued to perform a T-soar down six flights of steps and stopped at the L-shaped hallway, performing a T-view through the closed door that read: Shop and Maintenance. A zipper ship was housed among the room of repaired bots and ships. I sighed with design.
I reached out and grabbed, flinging the handle open, entering the room. I continued to perform a T-fly through the air and then halted, landing in front of the selected zipper ship that really worked this time.
I reached out and slammed the handle. The zipper door lifted up. An activation panel opened the rooftop for a swift vertical liftoff from Planet Bonita.
In front of the zipper ship, I slid down inside the leather seat and slapped the hatch shut on the zipper, turning to the side, seeing a silver cylinder. The silver cylinder measured two feet high and two feet wide which suddenly activated with a set of red and green lights on its belly with life.
It droned inside the co-pilot’s seat next to Starra. “Hello and good greetings, my friend! I am Zbot. Have you seen my owner? My owner instructed me to stay here until she returns…”
“What!” I waved both arms and hands in the air along with my bag, yelling out loud in worry. “Fly!” I motioned both of my hands through the air with a nod. “Can you fly this thing?”
Zbot did not blink or moan or yell but droned really slowly inside the co-pilot seat to Starra. “I am the programmed zipper robot for this zipper ship. I am highly qualified to fly any type of outer space, surface ground, and sea port vessel.”
I did not waste time or courage. I moved around to the passenger side and hopped inside, waving all body parts with an ear piercing yell. “Fly! Go! Jump to light speed! Right now, would be a good time!” I sighed with fear.
Zbot turned a shaped plate head toward the glass window and drones. “Are you my new owner?”
I continued to sit in the passenger seat and nodded several times, looking down, wrapping the netting web around a body with a nervousness timber. “Yes! Yes!” I breathed heavy in fear and fright and then commanded. “I’m your new owner. Now, fly! Go! Jump to light speed right now!” I waved all the body parts of arms, finger pads, legs, feet, and toenails, eye-gleaming the open archway for the entrance any moment of my new enemies searching for me as the space invader. I sighed with hurry.
Zbot warmed the engine with its three metal limbs and drones. “Where do you wish the zipper to travel after it reaches light speed?”
I continued to eye burn the closed archway and then gasped, “Commerce! Head to Commerce…”
“As you wish, milady!” Zbot reached over and pressed the button. The ship swiftly launched up from the floor and flew parallel direction with the interior wall, popping through the rooftop, finally escaping into dark and cold outer space.
Inside the cockpit on the zipper, I reached over and grabbed the door handle for dear life, keeping my steady, slapping a hand over the lips while trying to keep from vomiting over my body from the wild roller coaster ride. I sighed with sea sickness.


Planet Commerce
Noble castle of Lord Dirk
Dark blue sky with white clouds and full moon
Cold temperatures


Zbot gracefully dive the ship down from the twinkling stars of outer space into the dark side of planet, slowly sailing over the sphere, reaching the horizon.
Inside the passenger seat, I stared down at array of bright lights coming from each noble castle, where the noble and their family unit was located at home and eating their nightly meal. My stomach growled for food also. Commerce was the only city on top of the planet for some reason or purpose. The rest of the landscape consisted of tall mountain peaks and deep green valleys with a long winding river of fresh water that ran around the city limits. 
Zbot continued to pilot and drones. “Where do I land the zipper ship, my new owner?”
I studied the roadways. “Call me, Starra! I wanna go to Lady Rosa’s noble castle.”
“Who!”
I gasped in shock. The robot did not possess any knowledge of Lady Rosa.
Lady Rosa had died in the first alien timeline and then she briefly returned back within the second alien time. Now, inside the third alien time line, she was dead.
I concluded mentally: Once gone, always dead.”
Zbot obeyed the command and flew through the clouds toward the noble castle. “Are you a relative of Lord Dirk? He owns the Bonita castle.”
I gasped in alarm. The noble castle of Lord Dirk was dark without a single glowing lamp against the pretty silver moon lit sky. I sighed with disappointment.


I mentally back flashed past within the second timeline, when I had illuminated the Bonita castle with my T-powers and I had been the reigning noblette of castle, where I had inherited from Lady Rosa.


Then I mentally flashed present into the three alien timeline, Dirk owned his castle, since he was the only living Bonitian in existence here within the galaxy. And he did not know about my existence and probably would not speak to my person, since we were only on a short-term killing friendship. I sighed with doom.
I needed some currs, a shelter, and a few bites of food as my stomach grumbled with agreement. Inside the passenger seat, I whipped the bag into my lap and rummaged inside the pouch, seeing the diamond jewelry that came from the second alien timeline which had been a gift from Prince Rann during King Bartholomew’s Royal Coronation. I sighed with true love.
Zbot piloted directly ahead and then halted hovering in the air waves over the yellow cobblestone street. Before the ship, a line of other ships took a turn and hunted for a parking spot on the ground.
I gasped in shock. “What is this?”
Every city street in Commerce was brightly lighted with rows of overhead lamps, sounded with noises of ship engines, walking crowds on foot, consisting of thousands of citizens, hundreds of neon signs, slowly steering airships, and buzzing air bikes along with annoying blaring of loud music.
I watched the dancing people, the drunken citizens, the family units, and a live musical and stage show performance directly on top of the yellow cobblestone street. I sighed with confusion.
Zbot dove down and located a tiny spot, parking the zipper in front of a row of small vendor shops, turning its rounded plate and droned to Starra. “Where do you wish to travel next, milady?”
I rubbed my palms into my sour face, exhaling with worry, yawning from a tough day at work. “I require sleeping quarters for the night, Zbot?”
Zbot turned and stared through the windshield, lifting up a metal finger, pointing at the castle. “The entrance into the Commerce Inn is a suitable place for rest and sleep which is located on this side of the royal campus.”
I looked up and stared at the castle. The new structure displayed three hundred floors with an individual private landing pad and hopefully a big gigantic comfortable bed. I exhaled with worry. “How many currs are required for two nights in that room?”
Zbot continued to sit in the pilot chair and ran a set of pink and purple lights within its belly in silence mode as it contacted Ibot or Inn robot and then droned, “One thousand currs per night to sleep in one bed.”
I gasped, “Geez! I didn’t have kind of loot on me.”
Zbot turned and droned at her nose profile. “Your statement does not compute! Please, re-phase, milady.”
I turned with a smirk and eye burned using my Tele eyeball each almost invisible tiny machine seam that ran along the cylinder shaped robot metal with an evil laugh. “Do you possess currs inside your metal tummy, Zbot?”
Zbot droned. “Your statement does not compute. Please, re-phase, milady.”
I looked down and around at the seats inside the zipper ship. There was plenty of room inside the small cockpit for a petite alien and laughed. “Well, I guess that we get to sleep together inside the ship today. Do you think about that, Trashcan?”
Zbot droned. “Your statement does not computer, milady.”
I rubbed my face and shook my legs feeling the weight of my bag with a gasp. I opened the bag and pulled out the diamond tiara near my smile. “Can you try to acquire a large pot of golden colored triangular currs for this precious glittery item?”
Zbot lighted up excitedly and displayed a set of orange and blue rays, releasing a beam, shining it on the tiara. “This piece of metal is a very expensive diamond…”
I jerked the tiara down into my lap and pointed at its belly with a seer. “Sh!” I turned and viewed the city street with worry.
Zbot stared at Starra. “That shiny asset should provide you a very nice room for the night at the Inn, milady.”
I returned back and smiled, handing the tiara to Zbot with hope with its jewelry appraisal. If the robot was wrong, then he and I would be wrapped tightly inside the cockpit of the zipper ship for the evening.
Inside the pilot chair, Zbot opened its belly panel and extended a new metal hand, retrieving the tiara from her hand, storing inside its cylinder shaped body. It slid the panel shut and opened both door inside the cockpit, exiting the seat, advancing to one of the vendor shop on the same city street.
I stood upright from the leather chair and stretched out each sore limb with an ugly yawn, slamming both hands down to my legs and each foot back down to the smooth pavement. I leaned against the side frame on the old zipper model, noting each shiny attractive newer model air ship and flight bike that slowly ventured above the yellow cobblestone street. I sighed with history.
A pair of two land police officers wore a neatly pressed and ironed blue uniform with a shoulder tied yellow tinted sash. Numerous colorful pins and medals displayed on the shoulder sash. Each one surveyed the street, the vendor shops and then a lonely petite female that is parked on the vanilla sidewalk.
I quickly spun around and rattled the interior metal on the upright door while looking busy.
The older land police officer stopped and stood in front of the nose cone on the zipper without touching the metal, “Hmm! That’s an ancient starship.”
I spun around to see a young police officer and an elderly one.
The young police officer reached out and touched the hood with a smile. “I remembered seeing one of these things during the Galaxy Civil War. She looks like an antique! Is this your ship, ma’am?”
I gasped in alarm and whispered for my eardrums only, “Ma’am, I am a teen.” Then I nodded in silence to the young police officer.
The elderly man nodded with a smile to Starra. “The weapon design and the seat design including the console instrumentation made the ship unique within this styled old-timey thing. I guess here. Did you inherit this baby?”
I nodded in silence with nervousness. I quickly performed a T-probe and implanted a T-message into their active mind: Leave me alone!
I was too tired and might mess up, giving them the wrong T-message and then get jailed instead.
“You’re a lucky woman, ma’am!” The young police officer smiled and patted the zipper with love.
The elderly police officer leaned over the nose cone and smiled. “You need to move along with the traffic flow, girl.”
I smiled with a nod. “My bot is getting me…” I performed a T-pick on his brain. “…some reservations for dinner.” I sighed with save.
The young officer spun around with a smile and pointed at the tall building with a chuckle, “Do you need a set of dinner reservations? Well, good luck for tonight, ma’am! The entire street is strolling with hungry families with a set of dinner reservations. But the Bar is always open. The food is good also.”
I nodded and pointed at the Bar establishment with a smile in silence.
The two police officers slowly moved by Starra and veered down the street to pester another solo citizen. I sighed with relief.
Zbot slowly floated out from the vendor shop toward the pilot side on the ship and carried a red cloth bag, rattling with a clanking sound each golden triangle currs, shouting out loud. “Milady, I count 3,001 currs for diamond…”
“Shh!”
Zbot stopped in place and hovered over the sidewalk.
I turned and viewed the open street with dark corners that exhibited a new property, a group of new peoples, and a set of new personalities of the night. I did not feel friendly or accommodating toward a stranger or an alien right now. I jabbed a point down at the pilot seat and then slid down back into my leather seat. “Thanks, Zbot! I’m really tired. Please, get inside and get me room at Inn right now!”
Zbot entered the ship and closed each door without piloting and then arranged for payment of a room at the Inn, lifting up the ship.
The Inn building displayed three hundred stories built almost into the stars. Each horizontal floor contained four hundred individual windows surrounding the building and held an individual private landing pad for a convenience, fastness, and easy entry and access from a good or bad guest.
My pair of tired eyeballs viewed the beautiful scenery of a flower garden on the ground that welcomed nothing but air wave and then each tiny garden of flowers that stand in-between each window pane which welcomes the paying customer, all compliments of Rann’s brilliant creation.
In the air wave, Zbot slowly approached the paid Inn room on the 124th floor by the Inn robot controller and then halted, hovering over the individual patio, slowly dropping down onto the concrete slab. It opened the door and then killed the engine.
I slid off the seat and stepped through an open archway, smelling vases of fresh lavender scented flowers, seeing four walls of crazy lavender, pink, orange wallpaper and a regular living room and bedroom set of furniture pieces that displayed my glorious and cozy new home for a few days. I tossed my bag down onto the floor, where Zbot quickly zoomed ahead, catching the luggage, before it hit the perfumed carpet. I moved ahead toward the king-sized bed frame without stopping, plopping down on top of the soft mattress with a deep groan. I sighed with luxury.
I stared down at the wiggling lines of pink, lavender and orange lines that matched the walls with deep thoughts. I was a commoner, not a noble, here, in the three alien timeline. A commoner didn’t own their own planet, ships, castles, currs, or independent functions.


I mentally back flashed past into the first alien timeline, when I had inherited Lady Rosa’s planet, homes, and her small currs account, after her untimely death.

Within the second alien time line, King Bartholomew had provided for his future queen-to-be during the engagement period. And Prince Rann had fitted the Tele Base with furniture and food. 


Then I mentally flashed present into the three alien timeline, I did not possess a noble connection here. I had noted that no one citizen remembered my person or my personality from the two previous alien timelines either. Thus no one citizen was going to help my situation her either.
I was a simple poor but pretty unemployed commoner, because an electronic bank account of currs ruled everything inside the new galaxy from food, shelter, clothes, robots, ships, and jobs.
Zbot floated ahead and placed the bag on top of the luggage rack, closing the open archway from bugs and burglars inside the paid suite. The robot lowered down on top of the thick carpet that displayed an array of lavender, red, and orange wiggling lines and performed in safe mode while searching the database about its new owner.
I curled up into a ball on top of the crazy bed covers and closed my eyelashes into a deep slumber. I sighed with dreaminess.
Alien Day 72


Commerce Inn, property of Prince Rann
Blue sky and white clouds with yellow sun
7th hour (early morning)


“Good morning, Starra!” Zbot stood beside the bed mattress and reached out gently poking a metal finger on her collar bone.
“What!” I continued to rest on top of the soft bed covers and blinked open my eyelashes, seeing the bright light. I reclosed my eyelashes and enjoyed the cool air conditioning inside the paid room.
“Good morning, Starra!” Zbot continued to stand and annoyed her. “Starra, you do not seem to be in a joyous mood this lovely day. I hope this information makes you feel better, milady. I have obtained you a position for employment in the universe.”
I flipped over and smiled at the robot while hoping there was a food buffet included in the paid room also, “Where? When? Who? When can I start?”
“You can start your employment after you have scored a high percentage on the required examination.” Zbot rotated a pair of tiny empty teacup shaped eyeballs at Starra.
I frowned with confusion.
“Starra, I cannot locate your citizenship in my current electronic comlens. There is not a set of birth records, medical records, educational records, and residential records under your name Starra. I am at a mystery to understand why you do not exist here in the universe. How could this be?”
I sucked in air and then slowly exhaled a series of sour breath in with annoyance while hearing an empty growling stomach, staring at its teacup eyeballs. I didn’t exist here inside the unknown universe and had been discovered by a zipper robot named Zbot.
I hummed and bit my bottom lip with pain. “I…”
“Please, re-phase your answer, Starra. I do not understand your musical song.”
“Bonita.”
Zbot did not give up easily as a machine, “Bonita, what!”
I lied honestly and smiled brightly while batting my sleepy crumb covered eyelashes for something. “I am from Bonita.”
Its belly blinked in the colors of red and green and as it droned. “You are from the Planet of Bonita. This would explain the missing data from my numerous queries that have resulted in no information from the primary bot station. Bonitians are not very adept at keeping accurate records. I do not believe Lady Rosa, the first noble Bonita, kept very good written, physical, or electronic records. She could tell you any fact or fiction about the planet of Bonita anytime you desired to know. Then, you must be related to Lord Dirk of Bonita. Are you his cousin or other distant relative on the family tree?”
I smiled with a giggle. The robot decided the answer to its posed question.
Zbot blinked in purple and orange colors on its belly, “Very good!  You hail from the planet of Bonita and are kin to Lord Dirk in some type of biological factor. Therefore, no one will question your residence. Do you have any type of skills?” I sighed with annoyance.
I sat upright on my fanny inside the bed and nodded with a stern face. “Yeah, I got lots of skills besides being pretty, and smart, and skilled. I can plant crops and ride horses and can pilot ships…”
“What kind of ships can you pilot, Starra?” Zbot droned.
“I can pilot zippers and carriers, that’s a definite. I can drive passengers, freighters, and the great big ram warships.”
“Are you willing to take a test to pilot a zipper?”
I nodded with a smile.
“The zipper ship is an excellent choice to pilot, Starra! I have registered you at space station Militia. Your test will be administrated this afternoon. You should fly the zipper ship to the space station while I monitor your pilot skills. My services are available to you and can provide useful information that will allow passing the zipper pilot test with ease.”
Yeah! Yeah! I got this!” I rolled back over onto bed and curled into a ball, closing my eyelashes, enjoying the new catnap. I could fly without an instruction and enjoyed my day off, because I would be working tomorrow while making currs for food and shelter. I sighed with joy.


Space Station Militia, property of Property of General Ivan
Cold and black outer space with minus 1000ºF
11th hour (early afternoon)


I landed on top of the open landing pod with a giggle and smashed the button, killing the three afterburners into silent and steam that were located on the rear end of the ship.
Zbot sat in the passenger chair and pointed in a different direction with its metal hand while droning in the same alto timber. “You are the worse zipper pilot in the galaxy, Starra. When you pilot, during a take-off, you flood the hyper drive system first. Then you land the zipper down onto the pad without using the proper protocols as it is stated inside the zipper control manual. In addition, you perform a hot-dog on the joy stick control and scrape the landing gear during your takeoff and landing while hovering unstable in the fair skies over the landing platform. You also fly to fast in restricted lanes.”
Inside the pilot chair, I gasped in alarm and slapped both hands on top of the console for its undivided attention, “Stop! I got it covered, Zbot. No thanks for the brief pilot evaluation.”  I sighed with alien.
“Starra, if you perform at this poor level, then you will not be employed, but unemployed. Thus I will sit and immediately execute another search for a low-level manual job which required the usage of your hands and your feet. Can you stand for long periods of time without fainting, Starra?” Zbot continued to sit and blinked in a set of brown and pink colored lights on its belly comlen without waiting for her vocal comment.
I shook my curls and slammed the orange colored button. The pilot door opened. I slid out and stood upright on top of the hard pavement in the cold air waves that came from enclosed invisible force field that kept out a set of outer space deadly molecules. I flipped a hand in the air with a sour frown. “Come on, Zbot! I don’t wanna be late for my appointment!”
Zbot didn’t shuffle its cylinder shaped body or rotated its two teacup-shaped eyeballs from Starra. “I am not allowed inside the starship testing area. No robot is admitted until you are officially a pilot for the Royal Militia. Good luck, Starra! I will be here inside the zipper ship waiting for you to return, after you have failed your skill performance test. Hopefully, I will have another job interview this evening for your person.”
“Thanks for the confidence in my pilot abilities, Zbot!” I smiled and spun around, slowly moving ahead towards the stairwell.
The space station was painted in dull beige hue with an array of artificial lights hanging down from the ceiling like an array of tiny stars within outer space. I stomped a set of dirty foot prints over the clean beige floor. Then a set of tiny Sbots swiftly exited out from its nesting hole on the bottom of each side wall and stopped, cleaning up the mess floor while following behind the messy female.
I continued ahead and exhaled with nerves plus excitement. I hadn’t received an examination test since living on Planet Earth which was long time ago, in another galaxy far away from here. I followed the light crowd of young men and women who must be taking the same zipper pilot test also. I entered through a pair of glass doors and stopped behind a short line that led toward registration desk, waiting for a more minutes.
I was next, nodding with a smile of nervous energy to Tbot or a testing robot. It droned at pair of teacup shaped eyeballs at the new candidate. “Please, state your name, and your planet, and your desired starship test today.”
“Starra, Bonita, and zipper,” I bounced up and down with excitement while reading for my starship test.
Tbot floated behind a silver tinted short table and appeared like a Zbot or an Mbot or the other alphabetic coded robots, wearing a silver tinted cylinder shaped body. A rounded plate face contained no lips but two empty teacup discs for each eyeballs. A colorful belly was located in the central part on the cylinder body that worked most often which was right now presenting in vertical rows of red and blue then the colored stopped.
Tbot droned to Starra, “Please, state your name and your home planet, and you desired starship test.”
I frowned and then yelled out loud for each pair of eardrums. “I am Starra. I am from the planet of Bonita. I am taking the zipper pilot test.” I sighed with irritation.
Tbot did not display a flashing light on its belly and tossed a metal hand to the side wall while droning to Starra. “Please, step aside for the next candidate.”
I leaned down and slammed both of my palms on top of the table with a sneer. “I had registered for the pilot zipper test this morning.” I needed this test and this job for food. I could pass this test and fly a zipper starship a little too roughly. I sighed with outrage.
Tbot droned to Starra. “I have confirmation of your registration at this hour for the pilot zipper test. However, your name is not listed properly inside any of the required databases. Step aside for the next candidate, please.”
I stood upright and then slowly sidestepped, crossing my arms, wiggling a manicured pink-painted finger nail at the useless robot. “O! Is that my little problem? Could you please check again? Starra. Bonita. Zipper.”
Tbot swiftly powered off and displayed a set of static horizontal lines in silver and white and then it magically re-booted with a bright array of vertical colors in green, blue, yellow and red hue. It droned without a smile to Starra. “I have registered the candidate named Starra from the planet of Bonita for the zipper pilot examination. Proceed to the testing area, next candidate, please.”
I spun around to face an open archway with a smile and slowly moved ahead with the other test pilots, entering into an extremely tall and extremely wide room. The testing room contained two grounded zipper models on each side of the room without a set of real afterburners.
I followed the back spine on each pilot and counted down six rows of occupied metal chairs that divided the large room into an audience of sitting players on the side wall which stared at the front end of each zipper. I quietly shuffled around and sat down in the last row, inside the last chair, leaning against the side wall, listening to the nervous chats, chuckles, and sniggers from each test candidate.
A loud drum roll echoes loudly from each tots…naw…Tbots that hold a musical drum instrument with a pair of twirling drum sticks.
Inside my chair, I whispered for my eardrums without a stern face, “There, he is…”
Each pair of eyeballs turned and focused on the filled archway.
He stood in a neatly pressed and ironed blue uniform with a yellow sash around his fat belly. His bald skull glowed in a ghostly pale tint and as his face displayed a pair of hazel eyeballs and a set of rosy tinted cheekbone. He stood upright at five feet and eleven inches weighing 325 pounds of General Ivan.
Ivan slowly waddled ahead from the open archway and yelled out loud, then coughed out loud and finally wheezed out loud, stopping and stood by a single silver tinted office desk without books, computers, and equipment. “Welcome, test pilots! I am General Ivan. You have been selected and approved by me to test for a permanent position of pilot in the Royal Militia. The Militia is divided into two units. The first unit is the set of land troops which is known as a police force that composes a set of officers, who patrol each castle, planet, other places, and other cities along with any suspicious activities regarding any and all citizens for investigation and protection.
“The second unit is called a sky trooper. A pilot is trained to fly a zipper or a carrier or a passenger or a freighters or a luxury yacht starship. Don’t get too excited! Only the best and brightest pilots get to fly zippers, they are a very elite and limited group of pilots. Everyone gets to test for a zipper post. If you fail my expectations, then you will be assigned to one of the other space ships. A luxury yacht is a noble personal starship. The current space yacht pilot positions are filled with older and most trusted citizens. Good luck, candidates!” He pointed to the young officer as each pair of eyeballs turned to see the younger male.
He wore a neatly pressed and ironed blue uniform with an indigo sash around his fitted waist. A few colorful pins and three medals hug down his broad chest on his six feet and two inched body frame weighing in at 240 pounds, blonde, brown eyed, peachy-pale skin. He shouted out loud without the arm movement. “Good afternoon, candidates! I am Colonel Nat, a zipper pilot, and your instructor for the day. The zipper starship examination is very simple to take. Each sim bot will be monitored and scored by a testing bot or a Tbot that records your flying performance. At the end of your test, you will be ranked accordingly with the best starship pilot position that is suited for your set of flying skills. Then you will be assigned with an appropriate rank and the appropriate currs.
“A sample routine includes. Each candidate enters one of sim bots and will be assigned one battle scenario that will appear on your individual comlen. Then you are to defend the kingdom.” Nat laughed with the other candidates. “Each simulation is different for the previous pilot, since you are not just fighting another sim bot but with each other with a set of live feed data streaming from and to interactively upon your comlen and inside this room as each test candidate can see and hear your acts and reactions. But do not vocally respond back to the verbal orders issued in your sim bot. However, if you feel like talking to the walls, then do it. As we have disconnected each interior comfone for your sanity and our eardrums,” he chuckled with the other candidates.
Nat pointed at an enclosed testing booth that hung down like a box against the front wall. “I will be there inside that hanging box with a glass window monitoring your progress in the Tbot Control Station. You will be given two minutes that is hundred seconds of your life to defend your zipper against the enemy of the universe. When the time limit ends, the hatch pops open and the sim bot will deactivate. Good luck, test pilots!” He spun around and shuffled toward a tall staircase of concrete, climbing up each step, loading inside the Tbot Control Station.
On the ground, Ivan back stepped and sat down inside an oversized leather chair, pointing at the first row, signaling the first two test candidates to stand and enter into an individual sim bot zipper ship module. The two candidates swiftly stood and rapidly dashed ahead, entering into the zipper ship, closing the hatch door.
Ivan yells out loud. “Begin testing!”
In my chair, on the last row, I dropped down the two front feet on the chair and crossed my legs, and then uncrossed my legs. Then I crossed my legs and un-crossed my legs, sitting on the edge of the hard metal chair. I sighed with nervousness.
On the 2nd hour (mid-afternoon), in my metal chair, I bounced my boot toes up and down, shifting my boots side to side, observing each test pilot with intrigue. Some of the pilots were nervous and bounced their boot toes.
The other pilots slowly walked around the floor and ate a plate of food. The other pilots leaned against the side wall and slept until their turn to shine.
Two by two, each test pilot entered a sim bot. Then two minutes later, each challenger emerged with a strong of soft curses, shaking their skull. I sighed with anticipation.
I whispered for my eardrums only. “There, he is.” I sighed with true love.
“Hey, Rann!” Nat shouted out loud from inside the Tbot Control Station in the air.
Each pair of eyeballs turned and stared at Rann. 
Rann stood in the archway and possessed a curly head of black tinted hair, a pair of brown eyes, a tone of dark skin, measuring five feet and ten inches of tallness, weighing 195 pounds. He displayed a chest of muscles with an 8-pack of abs without a shirt and wore a white colored jacket vest with a pair of matching trousers that were tucked down into a pair of spit and polished black knee-boots. A diagonal black colored sash draped one shoulder that displayed an array of colorful small pins and six gold medals. I sighed with true love.


I mentally flashed back past within the second alien timeline, when I had almost come really close to marrying this man, before I had soared down from seventy-foot platform and landed inside my zipper starship.

Then I had crashed my zipper ship down onto the earth of Planet Bonita with the help of a band of colorful ring of heated fire coming from the wormhole.


Rann slowly moved ahead with a smile and stood beside Ivan surveying each face. “New candidates, welcome to Commerce! I wish you good luck in your testing abilities and in your career choice for the Royal Militia. We need you. We want you. We thank you for testing.”
Ivan slowly stood upright and pointed at the last chair with the female candidate.
I swiftly stood upright and bounced up and down as I was the last candidate in the last row, standing beside two empty chairs. I elbowed sideways through the row of standing candidates from each chair and then dashed ahead through the huddle of standing candidates that stood beside the row of chairs and finally stopped. I stood in front of Ivan and then sidestepped, standing in front of Rann, grinning with a nervous girly giggle. I bounced on my boot toes in front of Rann, “Starra.”
Rann continued to stand and stared at the female. “You’re a female.”
I winked and grinned at Rann. “His Majesty has a pair of excellent eyesight.” Rann chuckled.
Ivan sneered. “Can you fly a starship, female candidate?”
I flirted with Rann, “Yes.” Rann smiled.
Ivan snarled at Starra, “Yes, Sire.”
I nodded with a smile to Rann, “Yes, Sire.” Rann continued to chuckle. I continued to flirt with Rann in silence.
Ivan exhaled with annoyance to Starra. “Who conducted your original starship zipper training, female candidate?”
I nodded. “My name is Starra.” I was so glad that Ivan forgot that item, since I wanted Rann to remember my name. I smiled. “Lady Rosa, she taught me to fly a zipper.”
Rann tilted his chin and wore a puzzled brow. “Did I hear you say that Lady Rosa from Bonita taught you how to fly a space ship?”
I jerked my curls to see Ivan and returned my eyeballs back to Rann, nodding with a soft timber. “Yes.” I sighed with caution.
Ivan cleared his throat, “Yes, sir, General Ivan.”
“Yes, sir, General Ivan,” I smiled at Rann and slapped my chest. “I’m from Bonita.” Zbot stated that no one would question my originals from Bonita.
Rann gasped. “You are. Bonitians are rare creatures indeed.”
I nodded.” Indeed!” Rann smiled in silence.
Nat appeared and stood between Rann and Ivan, surveying the row of occupied chairs, yelling out loud. “Zipper test candidate Rye, come up here! Is zipper test candidate Rye available for final testing in the zipper pilot program?”
Each pair of eyeballs turned and scanned the room of test pilot candidates.
Ivan continued to stand and cleared a throat, smirking to Starra. “Trained by Lady Rosa not withstanding, there is not a single zipper candidate for you to compete and complete the pilot test today. I will reschedule some time for your test pilot examination, tomorrow afternoon, Candidate Starra. It would seem that each test and testing pilot has completely for the day.”
I turned and frowned at Ivan. I sighed with great big heart broken disappointment.
Rann smiled down at Starra. “I’ll be your opponent, pilot.” I sighed with shock.
Ivan turned and frowned through Nat’s face while seeing some of the nose profile on Rann. “Your Highness, you cannot!”
Rann winked down at Starra, “Can’t I, General! I’m a zipper pilot too. Prep me one of sim bots, Nat. Get ready to be creamed and puffed, pilot candidate.” He scooted around Starra with laughter and advanced toward one of the sim bots with a smile.
I chuckled with a nod and spun around, dashing…naw…dancing ahead toward the second sim bot with a smile.
Ivan continued to stand beside the office desk with a gasp, staring at the back spine on Rann. “Of course, you can. Prep the simulation robot for Prince Rann.”
Rann stopped and entered down into the first sim bot as the sim bot crew assisted in closing the hatch door for the prince.
I moved ahead with a grin and stopped, sliding down into a worn, smooth leather pilot seat, nodding with a smile.
Nat appeared beside the open door and knelt down on the floor, whispering to Starra. “Rann, he has proven to be the best pilot in the entire Militia. Don’t worry about beating Rann! You will be fighting against yourself here in the sim bot. So just do your best, pilot.”
I slid down into the worn, smooth leather pilot seat and nodded with a smile, “Yes, sir.”
Nat slammed the hatch down shut and created darkness inside the cockpit
Inside the cockpit, the console lighted up with fake power. I looked down and examined the mockup cockpit recognizing each familiar gear, switch, knob and the joy stick. I reached out and touched the warm leather that felt like a real space ship, understanding the fly and fight against Prince Rann, the best pilot in the Militia. I sighed with delight.


I mentally back flashed past within first and second alien time lines, when Rann had been a very, very, very good pilot.


Then I mentally flashed back present, I needed to create a very good impression with Rann for a very good rank and a very good currs. I sighed with victory.
I closed my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I quickly tapped the black ignition button warming up a fake engine. A black screen blinked in power and displayed a scattered pattern of yellow bright stars, three greenish-blue planets, and one big bad silver shiny ram ship. The ram ship hovered over the world and continued to pound a set of red colored maser rays down on top of the noble planet from its outer space orbit.
I was to defend the noble planet from a massive ram ship inside a tiny zipper. I sighed with smallness.
If I rammed the ram ship down into the noble planet, then everyone would die. And I would lose outer space battle.
If I landed my zipper down on the noble planet and activated the single maser cannon, blowing up the ram ship out from the planet’s atmosphere, then I would really waste time. And I would lose the outer space battle.
If I could create a new second ram ship and blast away the first ram ship out from planet atmosphere, where I loved this plan, then I would win the outer space battle.
Inside my cockpit, I performed a T-scan with my telepathy on Tbot that was housed inside the Tbot Control Station. A Tbot or testing robot maintained each sim bot program and held electronic files.
I could Tele-see numerous visual fotos inside the electronic database on Tbot that displayed some pretty slick looking starships. Then I executed a T-zap with my telekinesis on a single electronic foto within the starship application and magnified the electronic projection. The projection displayed a silver tinted passenger ship that contained happy children and citizens.
Yeah, I was mentally sick. But I held a great plan inside my pretty skull. I sighed with deception.
The electronic foto displayed an overcrowded seat of smiling citizens plus a set of individual swinging arms from each kid while waving outside the open window within cold and dark outer space.
The passenger ship quickly popped onto both of the sim bot’s console screens between the noble planet of green and blue hues and a flying zipper ship.
Inside the cockpit, I sniggered with a whisper, “Surprise!”
The ram ship turned and targeted my zipper ship and as my onboard sensors screamed out loud and then displayed an abort light in red colors.
I was not going to eject, tumble, and stumble out from my mockup make-believe fake zipper within a real defeat with Rann. I pressed every switch and fired every red colored maser ray at the ram starship, playing the battle game, pretending to lose.
The ram starship fired on Starra and missed.
Inside his cockpit, Rann fired on the ram ship but accidentally hit the passenger ship as a set of ear-piercing screams from each frightened and dying child bombarded both cockpits.
The passenger ship jerked toward starboard and then avoided the red maser wave from Rann but tapped the rear end on the ram starship. Then the passenger ship exploded into a round ball of blue and yellow colored flames.
Inside my cockpit, I continued to laugh and fired down at the damaged ram starship, creating prettily a massive band burst of red, purple and blue tinted flames that exploded into a fierce fireball of pink, yellow, and orange hue. I sighed with beauty.
My sim bot went dark and as a series of orange colored indicator lights died more swiftly than the audio sound. My joystick went dead and became powerless. Then the fake zipper hatch slowly opened with metal pain.
The array of bright lights blinded my eyeballs as a set of loud alarms blared with whistles and bells outside each sim bot. Each test candidate dropped down to the floor in fear and covered both ears.
A powerful explosion occurred inside the other sim bots.
Inside my cockpit with the door open, I leaped out from the seat and slid over the smooth tile, stopping a few feet from the sim bot, looking back at the vertical streams of white smoke that rose up toward the ceiling.
A group of Rbots raced ahead from the side walls, stopped, and hovered around both of the sim bots, quickly spraying out a mixture of cold water and white foam on both simulation zipper modules.
The second hatch on the sim bot slowly creaked upright in the air. Rann jumped out from the seta and rolled into a somersault, landing on his back spine within the gunk of thick white foam and did not stop. He slid horizontally over the floor and hit a set of three upright office chairs, scattering each furniture item around the crowded room. He hits the table leg and spun around the other leg, bouncing both boot heels into the wall and finally stopped. 
I continued to rest on top of the wet tile and bit my lower lip without laughing out loud, sniggering with a girly giggle. I slammed both hands over my smile and viewed Rann.
Rann was covered in white foam, brown dirt, gray lint, and a rainbow array of food stains from the dirty floor, wearing a smear across his face in black oil and green coolant. He carefully stood upright from the clean floor and jerked his vest back down over his wet chest, smiling at each candidate. “A most exhilarating ride, I must admit.” Each candidate clapped and whistled for Rann.
He slowly strutted ahead while slipping over the slick floor, stopping in front of Starra. I swiftly stood upright with a smile n silence. He extended his hand. “I salute you, Lady Starra. I concede the victory to your flying skills. Thank you for the most fascinating and exhilarating pilot encounter that I have ever tested in the universe.”
I reached out and shook his hand, nodding my curls, smiling like a devilette.
Alien Day 73


Space station named Militia
Cold and black outer space with minus 1000ºF


My second day of pilot employment, I sat behind a square shaped metal table and viewed a sliver tinted Tech World for a few minutes and then a grayish-black colored Wall the next set of minutes, where both of the object continued to spy on my poker hand during a friendly bout of the Conqueror Game. The jackpot was 640 currs.
I sit beside Major Kona who continued to invade my happy alien time lines. He wore his moppy blonde hair and a wrinkled and unimpressed blue uniform missing his yellow sash, barking orders as my commanding officer.
The scene was better than relaxing inside my studio room with a twin bed, a toilet, and a glass window that viewed only gray colored continuous high and wide Wall. I sighed with oneness.
I leaned my hands with a five cards into my face and covered my smirk. I was about to win the Conqueror game for the day. My pair of eardrums heard an irritating audio alarm coupled with a loud fog horn and three types of ear-piercing whistles that surrounded the air waves and my aching skull. I dropped the cards and scanned the room.
At the table, Nat scooted out from the chair and rattled the cards and coins, yelling out loud. “Attack! Move! Attack! Go!” He tossed his playing cards on table and scanned the ceiling for his heavenly angels…naw...reading out loud the yellow colored words on the single comlen, shouting out loud with a stern face “Lord Dirk, his starship caravan is under attack by a group of sky pirates. Move out, pilots! Get to you ships!”
Each pilot swiftly exited the room.
“Really!” I slowly stood upright from the table with a sour frown and slowly spun around from my chair, moving ahead, exiting the room. I slowly headed down a long hallway and bumped into some other pilots while strolling ahead towards the landing dock which held my new state-of-the art zipper ship. I had scored the better mark on the zipper starship candidate test and I had received the better starship in the fleet as ordered by the Ruler of the Universe, not the Lord or the Loser in the universe. I sighed with annoyance.
The landing bay was empty by the time I had arrived to find my zipper ship alone.
I loaded down into the cockpit without staring the engine. I performed a T-lift and as my zipper leaped from the floor and then soared out into the cold and dark outer space in silence.
I sat inside the pilot seat and performed a T-scan with my telepathy, finding a small hole within wide, long, hard Wall and then waited for a few seconds.
The selected small hole became a bigger hole.
I executed a T-punch with my telekinesis and swiftly drove the nose cone on my zipper through bigger hole, rattling the ship through the solid rock, scraping off the paint. I emerged out on the other side of Wall and observed a damaged Planet Resort, a radiated Planet Ice, and the far away Planet Sahara with a pair of Tele-eyeballs.
I slowly my speed and spotted the distressed ram starship without reacting.
Geez! I hated the man. 
I hovered in outer space and frowned at the row of glittering starships.
Kona kissed the exhaust pipe on Starra’s zipper and yelled into his comfone at her. “Starra…move your a…”
Inside my cockpit, I reached out and jerked out the black tinted comfone cables and as audio static sounded inside my eardrums. I continued to hover in the outer space and studied each heavily modified zipper and carrier ships that made up a mysterious sky pirate, who was professionally attacking the caravan of starships composed of a ram ship, a freighter, and a second ram ship in that horizontal order. I sighed with big confusion.
I pressed the button which activated the engine, joining the fun, chasing behind two carriers that wanted to harm Dirk and his ram starship.
O please!
I could feel his icky presence with my telepathy inside his ram starship and reached down, firing a bombardment of red masers at each pirate engine, watching a prettily pink and red explosion within my eyeballs. 
I whipped my zipper around the freighter starship that contained medical staff and their ill patients, missing the solo pirate, passing over a second ram ship that was filled food and livestock from Agri. I sighed with big puzzlement.
I blasted three heavily modified zippers that were irritating my nostrils into a set of yellow and orange fiery ashes against the dark black sky. Then I arched my zipper underneath the second ram warship, colliding with a fourth zipper, blowing it into a ball of pretty purple colored space dust.
I continued my adventurous space hunt one by one, two by two, three by three hitting every single target perfectly. I sighed with ease.
Next, the freight starship that contained standing and screaming rows of citizens exploded into a ball of red, blue, and green colored space dust as each surviving sky pirate became scared to death of dying. Each ship broke into a scattered formation and retrieved one of their pilots inside a drifting escape pod, quickly flying away from the battle space.
The leader of the attack force, Captain Nat shouted into his comfone. “Break off the pursuit! Break off the pursuit! Close up formation! Close up formation! Return back to base.”
Inside my cockpit, I hovered in the air waves and hung beside the Wall while listening for a nasty string of curse words coming from Dirk.
But Dirk didn’t bother to communicate with Starra as he was sleeping, bubble bathing, eating or unconscious.
I existed here in the third time line. And Rann, Ivan, and Nat did not recognize my name or my face from the last alien time line either.
I shook my curls and spun around the ship flying back to the space station Militia. I was here and remembered every citizen, but each citizen that I had encountered previously did not recognize my person. 
Then I mentally switched gears and pondered that weird-o space battle. A large freighter and a larger second war ram starship got burned like a toast by a fleet of modified zippers as Dirk’s ram starship safely sailed back home to Planet Sahara. I sighed with intrigue.
I flew closer to the space station and then sailed inside the crowded hanger bay, landing my zipper last and parked near the exit hole that was covered with a red colored force field. I jumped out the cockpit and dashed through the crowd of happy pilot leading them out into the main hallway. I decided that I wanted to hear some good answers and continued to elbow my way into the Ready Room.
Each pilot continued to stroll down an overcrowded hallway while slapping a hand or a back spine with glee with a good job of blasting food stuffs, equipment, ships, pilots, and citizens, who were once living and breathing folks, over the remnants of Planet Resort. I sighed with nausea.
Inside the Ready Room, each pilot entered the space and sat down in a single chair or stood along one of the three side walls, where each space mission performed a hot wash with a new dangerous mission or a cold wash from an old job.
 I slid down into an empty chair and sat beside Kona, leaning over with a stern face and a whisper into his dirty eardrum, staring at the front of the room. “Who were all the citizens that became killed on that freighter ship which exploded over Planet Resort, Kona?”
Kona leaned over and slapped the arm one of his buddies while ignoring Starra, laughing out loud.
I continued to huff out my bad breath into his nose profile plus a lady sneer. “Who were all of the citizens that became killed on that ship that exploded over Resort?”
He stared at the front of the room, where Ivan stood upright and fat. Kona frowned and pointed at Ivan. “Sh!”
I continued to huff my bad breath into his nose profile. “What!”
He pointed at Ivan with a smile. “Sh! Wait for it! Listen to the announcement!”
“What!”
“The announcement, the pilot with the highest kills gets an award of currs and recognition.” Kona smiled at Ivan.
I frowned, “A sick-o announcement for killing citizens.”
He stared and smiled at Ivan. “Sh! The winner of the highest kills as you know gets one thousand currs and the honor of spending the evening with Prince Rann and the other nobles there on Commerce for a dinner. I killed ten ships. I’m going to win the honor today.”
I exhaled. “Congratulations!”
Kona flung a finger into his lips. “Sh!”
In front of the room, Ivan nodded to the left and then the right with a smile. “The highest kill number is eighteen which belongs to…
Kona smiled. “Me!”
“Lieutenant Starra.” Ivan turned and nodded to the left and then the right while searching for Starra.
Kona turned and sneered in her face.  “You! How did you win the highest kills?”
“Really!” I closed my eyelashes and shook my curls, slowly standing upright among the claps of my fellow pilots but Kona. I moved ahead and stood in front of Ivan, who enjoyed his sneer but handed a red colored cloth pouch of noisy currs and a vocal invitation to noble dinner. “Really!”


Purple and green colored castle, Rann’s place
Private dining room
Cool temperatures with moonlight and bright stars


I had landed in my zipper ship at the parking lot beside the familiar castle.
I wore my elegant gray colored gown and stomped into the large room, wearing a pair of four-inched heels and then stopped with a gasp. I stared at a set of old, familiar and young, un-familiar faces, where each upright body was located in a different wall corner inside the room including Ambassador Ty of Agri; General Ivan of Militia, wife Mar, and their daughter Kia; Marquis Tok of Uni, wife Marquise Lee, and their daughter named Mia; Lord Dirk of Sahara and Bio; Viscountess Rita of Tech World and late Viscount Lad’s daughter Tia.
Rann had inherited and also lived on Planet Commerce as he was the elected King of the Universe after Baron Bartholomew’s death.
Planet Bonita still belonged to Lord Dirk after Lady Rosa’s death, which was also uninhabited and slowly recovering from the set of massive fires and destruction of maser waves from the Galaxy Civil War as told by the noble gossip.
I knew the tragic truth from the second alien timeline. I sighed with sadness.
“You must be Starra!” A gloved yellow hand reached out and greeted first and as a wrinkled face came second toward Starra. “I am Generalette Mar. My husband Ivan said you hailed from Bonita. Ivan described you as an old maid, but you’re a very young and pretty girl, my dear. Are you married?” She chuckled. I smiled and shook my curls in silence. She pointed at the throne chair on the opposite wall with a sour frown. “Watch yourself, Starra! The prince fancies himself into finding new and young little things to play with.”
I spun around and followed her finger, gasping in shock. Inside the throne chair, a row of stunned beauties sat on top of each arm rest and down inside his lap. Rann displayed his white colored vest, a pair of matching trousers, and a pair of polished knee boots. A silly ankle-length white tinted robe dropped down over a purple and gold plated oversized throne chair. Rann displayed a diamond studded jeweled crown on his bone skull. I sighed with silliness.
“These are his girls.” Mar reached out and grabbed Starra’s arm, swinging them toward the table, whispering into the nose profile on Starra. “They are a set of models and entertainment personalities mostly, except for that tall woman with her dark complexion. I don’t recognize her from the comlen media, but she is the leader of the princess gang and highly intelligence, to boot. So, watch your pretty self! Or you might be facing…”
“Her!” I gasped in shock. And looked back to stare at his row of female friends, who varied in height, weight, built, and appearance from pale to dark skin, red to black color of hair. Each one was clothed in a black leather outfit that scanty clad their body. I sigh with shock.
“Him!” Mar nodded with a stern face. I sighed with confusion.
Alien Day 74


7th hour (early evening)
Nighttime with moonlight and bright stars


The dark blue tinted night blazed with an array of tiny beams of yellow tinted bright moonlight from the empty sky, if a person could see it between each erected blinding flood light coming from each tall pole that stood on every corner street within the city of Commerce, the new landscape.
I slowly strolled down a dirty, trashy dull vanilla colored sidewalk and stepped over each piece of non-moving trash consisting of a paper good or a metal merchandise item, or a puddle of soiled and spilled food item, or a dirty baby diaper. I held a flat palm over each eardrum while trying to block out each loud noise coming from the loud speaker box of each eating or dancing or social establishment that lined each side on the walkway.
Once upon a time, there had been only a long line of limited grand noble castles that wore a pastel hue of paint that represented each noble house. Now, the line of grand pastel noble castles still existed and stood between numerous individual buildings that represented restaurants, dance clubs, drinking bars, kiddie pizza huts, and other forms of family or solo entertainment. Each square shaped new building had been decorated in plain dark brown hue of paint without character or charm, only making currs.
My pair of silver tinted eyeballs continued to dart back and forth across the broken stones on the yellow tinted cobblestone street and absorbed a new building or an ancient noble castle, focusing on each family unit with numerous screaming rowdy kids, surveying a solo individual with police caution and finally turned to see the nose profile on my new police officer partner.
“You are a lucky girl, Starra, tonight. Your first assignment with me is going to be a breeze tonight.” Kona slowly strutted down a hard concrete vanilla colored sidewalk with a nod and a smile and skipped over each trash piece, punching Starra’s elbow, pointing with the other hand at each building.
I continued to move beside him and dropped down both of my hands from my eardrums, hearing his words. I repeated in Ivan’s baritone voice for fun each one of his punctured words. “You and you, go and guard the restaurant!”
Kona nodded with a smile. “That’s right! We come here and guard the restaurant.”
I turned and continued to survey the new landscape and new citizens with a stern face. “So, my police job tonight is to watch each citizen shuffle in and out of the restaurant, after eating a nice meal with a cute waitress.” I looked down with a sour frown and viewed my non-polished pair of black and pink colored cowgirl boots and then my clean, ironed black tinted jumpsuit, returning back to see Kona. He wore a wrinkled and abused blue police officer uniform without the cute satiny yellow tinted sash for some odd reason. I quickly pondered my bad or stupid luck while wondering if my newly pressed and ironed blue uniform was being made, maybe, on Planet Earth, for some reason.
He slapped his chest and smiled, continuing to step over each piece of trash on top of the sidewalk. “Tonight, we got an easy duty, girl. Rann likes the universe to run smooth and easy like a piece of glass.” He floated his hand through the air even with the walkway pavement, if you didn’t count the trash pieces, nodding with a smile. He slapped the hand down onto his pair of wrinkled dark blue trousers.
“Girl!” I sneered. “It sounds, to me, as if you know Rann, personally, Kona.”
He nodded with a smile. “Rann and I, we like to buddy around the galaxy, occasionally. I used to be the personal body guard for the prince, a few months ago.”
I didn’t believe Kona, but I was amused with his antidotes. I smiled. “O! That’s intriguing to my neurons. You were one of Rann’s personal body guards. Did you happen to encounter one or more of the mysterious sky pirates during your tour of guard duty with Prince Rann too?”
“Yup! A few of those nasty ships tried to stray near his royal person, I meant, his personal zipper. He only drives himself around the galaxy. But I came along in my personal zipper and got them all with one maser blast. A sight to behold!”
“Believe!” I laughed out loud and continued to survey the new environment which I did not like. The beautiful cobblestone street was damaged. Each noble castle was dull looking with a few broken glass panes. The manicured green grass was not manicured but dead or brown colored from the dry weather and the stomping footfalls from each living citizen here in Commerce.
He folded his hand into a fist and struck the air waves with a yell, “Pow! Right into the windshield! Then all the pirates were all gone. The pirates want him, ya know. I have to be alert and be ready at all time for Rann’s kingly protection.”
I pondered that last statement. I smiled, “Hmm! I’m new to Planet Commerce and the Royal police unit. I also rely on facts and actions, not a set of yesterday story lines.”
“Action is not a noun, but a verb here, girly.” He laughed.
“Girly!” I frowned in silence.
His personal comfone inside the pocket on his tunic sounded with a loud beep as an invisible body voiced in her alto timber into the air waves for each pair of eardrums. “Police officer needs assistance at the Bar.”
I turned and surveyed the surrounding threats consisting of rows of low-lying brown dead plants and an array of running children while walking toward a flat front porch on the restaurant. Each family unit cuddled their children and talked with their friends while waiting for a table inside the eating establishment.
He lifted up and spoke into the hand-held device, “Major Kona will report for assistance at the Bar as it is required by Code 81818,” he dropped his hand near his leg and held the devise with a stern face.
“I guess I’ll get some girly action tonight.” I smiled.
He started to jog ahead toward the Bar and slapped his chest with a nod, “I assist here. You only observe here. Do you get that, Starra?”
I grunted with a few un-kind secret words underneath my pink tongue at Kona and his assistance.
He turned and sneered at her cheekbone. “Did I hear you say something to me, Lieutenant?”
I continued to jog and shake my curls, biting my lower lip, presenting a smirk in silence.
He sneered. “I assist here. You observe here.” I sighed with toil.
On the 8th hour (last evening) at the Bar on the front porch setting, the Bar structure was another new square shaped building between the Agri noble castle and the Tech World palace that presented a row of blinking red colored words on the rooftop: The Bar.
The building did not contain a single glass pane window to view the city street for some reason. The brown colored painted was covered in colorful posters that advertised numerous liquid beverages. A set of tall brown colored steps led up to the second floor with a red colored metal door in-between an extremely tall cylinder shaped robot in black metal.
Kona led first and entered through the door nodding to each metal sentry guard. I followed behind my supervisor and stared at each sentry guard in silence.
The interior room was semi-dark with an array of naked bulbs hanging down from the ceiling which barely lighted the space. In the center of the room, scattered low tables contained both people and beverages, leaning into each other, laughing out loud.
I felt like covering my eardrums again from the loud musical notes and the louder people noise, but I needed to hear the words for any tart reaction.
Kona slowly maneuvered around each low table like he was familiar with the interior layout of the strange room.
Each citizen huddled in a small click of friends with laughter. Several Wbots floated around the large room serving a tray of cold, wet beverages. On the front wall, a wallpaper of dancing girls sat in chair wearing in a fuzzy fur, a head of gleaming jewels, and a dress of glittery sequins as each customer continued to drink and laugh obnoxiously.
On the side wall, a line of outlined doors led into a smaller private room. The Bar Keeper appeared and took over the lead from Kona, heading toward a closed side gray colored door, opening the wood and stood by the wall.
I halted beside Kona and stared at the silence commotion.
One of the dancing girls sat on top of the light colored wooden floor bleeding out her red tinted blood proteins coming from her busted nose hole. A second dancing girl sat upright on top of a green colored loveseat and iced ices her black eye with a bag of ice cubes.
I lived by an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth, so the rude citizen was going to get a bloody nose and two blacken eyes, since I was an action girl. I sighed with fury.
Kona moved ahead and stood inside the open archway like a coward and stared at each injured female in silence. Blue Cloak reached over and hit a third dancing girl in her mouth as her flying body left an imprint of blood on his cloth cloak, the wall, and on Starra.
I stomped into the private room and sneered, pointing at the back spine on Blue Cloak. “Halt! Stop! You are under arrest for this and that assault of these girls.” Blue Cloak spun around with a sneer and as I gasped in shock.
Marquis Tok was the noble in charge of space station Uni which was a peaceful and an academic place for a young innocent and impressionable child learning to be a good role model in the universe.
I frowned and moved ahead, jabbing a finger at Tok. “Marquis Tok, your person is under arrest by the local police force. Please present both of your hands for a binding,” I reached down and patted my fit waistline while looking for a pair of binders which I didn’t possess on my ancient Earth Tele uniform.
He lifted up and swallowed the rest of his alcoholic beverage, dropping down his wet chin and the empty glass, tossing the tumbler at the new female. He stumbled forward and dropped down onto the floor with laughter.
I reached up and waved my hand, performing a T-catch in the air within the semi-dark room, executing a T-drop with the glass on top of the low table.
Tok slurred out each vocal word in an ugly baritone timber at Starra, jabbing a finger at the new female, “Who, go and arrest me, little girl! You!” He laughed out loud and slowly stood upright from the floor, standing very tall over six feet in height and 295 pounds of taunt muscle.
A worth opponent today!  I smirked for my defensive measure.
He continued to jab a finger and insulted Starra. “Well, little girl, hear me good! I, not going to jail, tonight. So, come and make me surrender!”
I grinned at his nice invitation and looked back over a collar bone to sneer at Kona
Kona continued to guard the archway and shook his skull, crossing his arms with a growl. “Leave it alone, Lieutenant!”
I pointed at Kona first and then thumbed back at Tok with a lady sneer. “No! I won’t leave it alone. It broke the law. It is going to jail. It is going to serve its time in there too.”
Tok was a nobleman within the noble class, because he owned a school space station and attended all the noble parties while Kona, the beaten up girls, and I were stuck inside the commoner class. So, a noble still treated each commoner like a slave or a play thing. 
Not tonight, not on my police watch. I sighed with duty.
I returned back and sneered at Tok feeling the air waves quickly shift, executing a T-view with my teleclairvoyance.
A cocked left arm…
I swiftly ducked my freckles down into my waist, missing the flying folded fist from Tok, standing upright with a smile. I reached out and kicked my boot toe, connecting into his chest, beautifully watching the slow motion event.
His massive body bounced backwards against the hard wall and the spun around with a distorted face toward the rough wood. His nose bridge cracked with a soft pop and as a stream of red tinted blood proteins spilled down from each one of his nose holes and his open mouth. He dropped down on both of his kneecaps for a split second and then slowly stood upright with a series of loud groans in pain.
I gasped in shock at his brute strength and then clapped with amusement for the guy.
Tok swung around and flung his red blood proteins everywhere.
I back stepped from the flying blood. He leaned against the wall panel, recovering quickly, wearing a bloody smile at Starra. “I’ll sail you to the moon, little girl.”
I halted and laughed out loud. “There ain’t no moon on Commerce, buddy. However, there’re lots of stars in the night which you’ll be seeing very soonest.”
He hissed as he greatly disliked her unladylike treatment with his noble status but was not afraid her bodily threat. I sighed with appeal.
He drove forward from the wall and rotated both of his folded fists in the air at her cute freckles as I danced to the right with grace. He spun around in a circle with a loud grunt as I giggled at his manly ballerina performance.
He completed the circle and halted, snorting out invisible steam, charging with both of his fists at Starra again.
I dropped down a single kneecap to the floor and folded at my waistline. Tok quickly traveled ahead over her hair roots and hit a row of low tables with a loud crash.
I slowly stood upright from the floor and dusted off my non-dirty hands, exhaling with annoyance, spinning around to see Tok. He landed on his stomach and moaned in pain. I sighed with triumph.
“That’s enough, Lieutenant!” Kona moved away from the archway and halted, leaning down, slowly helping Tok upright from the floor.
I did not bother to assist and stared at the rude noble.
Tok spun around and slurred his words again to Starra. “Not going to forget this, little girl.”
I nodded with a sweet smile. “Who am I?”
“Don’t forget a pretty face! New hotshot zipper pilot! Going to regret this act, gorgeous!” Tok mouth spat more red tinted blood proteins down on the floor, not at Starra.
I slapped my chest with a grin. “Starra! My name is Starra.” I sighed with annoyance.
Kona shouldered Tok and slowly spun around, exiting the establishment, moving ahead into the street.
On top of the cobblestone street, a new starship stood alone. The starship resembled a square box in silver hue with numerous closed cabinets on each side. The front cabin was a smaller square shape that held an Ubot, which was employed only on Planet Sahara. The rear end exposed a small matching square shaped interior room of solid metal without a sitting chair or a lounging bench seat, only a metal flat floor with two exterior doors.
The doors were opened and revealed numerous sitting bodies that leaned against the metal wall with a series of low grunts of dizziness also.
Kona slowly moved ahead and assisted Tok into the rear compartment, sitting Tok on the floor. Tok leaned over and landed on top of the floor, snoring with defeat.
Kona jabbed a finger into the cold room with a stern face. “Hop in, Lieutenant!” I stopped and stood beside Kona surveying the enclosed room in silence. He climbed onto the floor and sat down on the opposite side of Tok, staring at the opposite wall. “Get it, Starra!”
“Why!” I continued to stand without movement and stared into the empty compartment.
On the shared metal floor inside the transport, he turned and jabbed a finger at Tok. “You must escort your prisoner to Sahara and then fill out all of your official paperwork at Sahara and then watch your prisoner in Sahara as your show performance is over for the night, Starra.” I sighed with frustration.
I climbed inside the compartment and slid down beside Kona, staring at Tok in silence.
The pair of rear doors automatically closed shut by the Ubot. Then the starship launched vertically up from the pavement and tilted towards the stars, flying towards the Wall and eventually to the prison planet.


9th hour (late evening)
Planet Sahara, property of Lord Dirk
Night with full moon beams and bright stars at 120ºF


The moonlight shined like a circular diamond in the dark midnight sky making the atmosphere so beautiful and romantic as my Tele mind viewed the outside weather from inside the flying starship.


I mentally back flashed past within the first time line, when I had been kissed by my boyfriend Baron Bartholomew in the bright moonlight on Planet Commerce, before the Galaxy Civil War.


No sweet kiss on my lips tonight or any other nights, if I did not find a new paying job. Surely, whirly, I possessed other employable skills as I was getting my resourceful Zbot on that new assignment immediately.
I was a commoner and worked for a living which sucked big time.
Inside the rear compartment on the new prisoner starship, I continued to sniff up the foul stint from each live captive. I sighed with disgust.
The prisoner starship slowed the air speed and then halted in the air, carefully landing with a heavy jolt on top of the concrete.
The twin doors automatically slid open and revealed a row of Golden Vests which resembled Rann’s white tinted vest.
Each Golden Vest stood and glittered underneath a row of heated lights, displaying an array of beautifully gemstones on the vest, not the pair of matching trousers. At the end of the row, the tallest Golden Vest motioned with a golden stick to each captured prisoner. Each prisoner, with guard assistance, tumbled down from the rear compartment, shuffling over the golden floor towards an individual prisoner room for the night or the rest of their days.
Tok and his new royal prisoner honor guard unit shuffled last down an empty hallway.
I stood upright from the floor and stepped down from the smelly compartment, staring at the back spine on each guard.
Kona dropped down from the floor and moved ahead, marching down the lonely hallway towards a side door in matching gold.
I exhaled with annoyance and stared at the back spine on Kona whispering for my eardrums only. “How did he know that door was there? I can’t tell.”
He opened the door and vanished into the room.
I jogged ahead and entered through the open archway, moving ahead toward the first broken chair, plopping down with a smile. I rotated the chair back and forth that sounded with tiny pig squeaks, staring at the back spine on Kona again. “I don’t understand, Kona. You and I are going to stay here on Planet Sahara for how long with a big question mark. What are we going to do here?”
The golden room was small and contained one wall with the tiniest glass comfone within the galaxy. The same wall was surrounded by closed cabinets with a set of secret items. The rest of the golden colored walls displayed an array of abused and non-used furniture pieces and some empty metal filing cabinets.
“You will be assigned to guard duty until Ivan relocates you,” he stopped and stood beside the tiniest comlen in the galaxy, opening one of the cabinets, poking around each item. He pulled out an entertainment cube and inserted it into the screen slot.
I continued to rock the squeaky chair with a stern face and stared at the back spine on Kona.
He back stepped and bumped into other broken office chair beside Starra, sitting down, watching the hologram of dancing girls. “This is called rotation duty. Every police officer is required to follow their prisoner from arrest, jail time, and sentencing to release. Tok is jailed. You’re here on Sahara. You’ll escort Tok to the next step of his incarceration. You’ll also explain to Ivan what happened tomorrow. Ivan rounds new inmates in morn…”
“No!” I whispered with a smile and continued to rock the squeaky chair. My pair of Tele-eardrums heard a slap of heavy boot pads as Ivan approached on the tile.
Ivan invaded the room and stopped between the two police officers, staring at the hologram, exhaling in a series of dangerous huffs and puffs in ugly music. He held his breathe and yelled out loud at the hologram. “Someone, explain to me right now! Why nobleman Marquis Tok is in a prison cell?”
I continued to rock the squeaky chair and grinned with my small victory.
Kona swiftly stood upright and turned to see Ivan. “He assaulted three dancers and a police officer at the Bar tonight. I contained and arrested him for his crimes, Ivan.”
I turned and frowned at the fat chest instead of the nose profile on Ivan, before mousy Kona tattled something dishonestly on my behalf. Plus, he might and try accidentally to inflame and inflate the story giving a wrong impression. I sighed with pride.
“You didn’t look injured, Kona.” Ivan turned and frowned at Kona.
I re-defined for his brain cells. “I wasn’t hurt, Ivan. I said assaulted. There is a big difference.”
Ivan sneered at Kona. “Do you concur with her story, Major?”
Kona turned and grinned to Starra. “I concur. Starra interfered with Marquis Tok’s fun with the dancing girls at the Bar.”
I sneered with harm. Then I connected, linked and Tele talked to Kona: You are in big trouble, now, boy!
Interfering with the girls, the noble was beating them up with his fists and their blood.
Wait until I locate a dark hallway somewhere between the Girls’s Bathroom and your private sleeping quarters, because I will black and blue your fanny with fun and giggles. I sigh with fury.
Kona scooted a little closer to Ivan as his imagery voice shouted out loud with imminent danger from some imagery foe inside his twisted brain.
Ivan turned and sneered down at Starra. “I’m reporting this incident to Rann immediately. Follow me!” He spun around and exited the tiny room, marching back down the hallway.
I slowly stood upright from the chair and spun around, exiting the room, walking beside Kona.
He leaned over and whispering into her cheekbone. “Once the prince gets involved, watch out!” He stood upright and nodded with a smile.
I was not afraid of Prince Rann or General Ivan or Major Kona, because I was tired, hungry, and getting punished somehow and someway, since Ivan hated me. Kona hated me but Rann like me. I sighed with intrigue.
Ivan turned and entered a new room. The new room was brightly painted in gold and exhibited the largest comlen within the galaxy on the forward wall.
I entered the same room and moved to the first nice looking chair, plopping down on top of the padded seat, rocking it back and forth. This chair did not squeak as I watched the action.
Ivan stopped and stood a few feet from the largest comlen in the world, pressing the emergency button in orange hue. 
Rann magically appeared on the large comlen with a smile at Ivan.
Inside the chair that didn’t squeak, I stared at the comlen and wondered if Ivan disturbed Rann often for an insignificant episode like this.
“Tok is in jail.” Rann laughed with ease.
Inside the comlen room, Ivan shuffled side to side with a stern face. “I would like your permission to release him. Only you can issue commands of freedom and punishment in your universe, Your Highness.”
“What did Tok do to land himself jailed?” Rann frowned.
“He got drunk at one of his parties and roughed up a commoner. It was a little incident, Rann.” Ivan nodded.
“Where was the party?”
“The Bar.”
Rann growled. “The last time I checked the Bar was my personal establishment. I’m the owner and the protector of my property. Did Tok hurt one of my girls?”
“There was a little fighting.” Ivan nodded.
“Yes or no, Ivan!” Rann sneered.
“Yes.”
“Tok, the noble stays in jail for the night and maybe another night, until I’m in a better mood. I’ll decide tomorrow afternoon. No one messes with my girls, Ivan.” Rann nodded.
Ivan slightly nodded his chin to Rann. “Yes, Your Highness!”
“Tok, he’s a big guy to tangle without being intoxicated. Who was the arresting officer? Do I know him?” Rann nodded.
“The officer is named Lieutenant Starra.” Ivan said.
Rann smiled, “Starra!” He quickly wiped the smile and then stared at Ivan. “Isn’t she the newest officer, who beat me inside the sim bot? You do have her on police patrol. Isn’t that unusually for a gifted starship pilot?”
“She requested new duties. I saw it fit to test her as a police officer.” Ivan lied honestly.
“She must be doing a really bang up job. Excuse the pun, Ivan!” Rann chuckled at Ivan and then charmed Starra.
“She shows talents in different areas of my Militia units.”
“How interesting! Please keep me informed like always, Ivan. Dismissed!” Rann nodded.
“Yes, Your Highness!” Ivan exhaled with annoyance and watched the rows of silver and white static on the largest comfone in the world, spinning around to see Kona, jabbing at finger at him. “You and she are performing rotation duty on Sahara for two weeks until I’m in a better mood.” Ivan moved ahead and exited the room, marching down the lonely hallway with a set of heavy footfalls.
Kona exhaled with annoyance and spun around, exiting the room, marching down the same hallway in silence.
I slowly stood upright from the chair and exited the room, moving behind the back spine on Kona. I didn’t need a string of vocal words. I cheated and used my T-probe on Kona’s open mind.
I was heading towards my new bunk placement here on the Prison Planet as my temporary living quarters.
He swiftly dashed ahead and then stopped, pointing to the side wall of glittering golden flakes at her new sleeping room.
I stopped and stood in front of the open archway, moving inside my new suite. The room contained a single bed, a single chair, a single lavatory without a glass window and a wardrobe closet which kinda appeared similar to a prisoner jail cell as my sub-conscious mind laughed out loud.
I stopped and dropped down onto the rough white colored bed covers, closing my eyelashes, snoring into a deep slumber inside my new jail cell… naw…private suite. I sighed with happiness.
Alien Day 75


2nd hour (very early morning)
110ºF outside on Planet Sahara
68 ºF inside the bedroom setting


A single explosion sounded with a loud boom that echoed throughout the floor level as the overhead row of lamps illuminated with brightness. My eye sockets were blinded with light and as I groaned in headache pain.
I could hear a set of rushing heavy boot heels tapping on the hard floor running away from my room. I sat upright on my both elbows on top of the hard mattress, blinking my eyeballs, seeing my small bedroom. I shook my curls side with dumbness. Then I slowly recalled that I was housed on Planet Sahara inside the prison cell.
I leaped up from the messy bed covers and stood on top of the rough bed covers, turning to see the wardrobe, searching for my clothes. I slapped both palms over my wrinkled one-piece black tinted ancient Tele jumpsuit.
Yeah, I wear it!”
I jumped up from the bed mattress and performed a T-soar through the air, slamming into the metal door. But first, I executed a T-shove and opened the metal door. So, I technically slammed into the invisible, soft air waves and performed a T-halt, hovering in the air waves.
I turned and scanned an empty hallway while hearing a distance commotion with a series of annoying sharp whistles and loud bogging fog horns with my pair of Tele-eardrums. I sighed with silence.
O! The gang of prison inmates had picked a fine dandy time within the very early morning hours to execute their escape plan, since I had slept two out of four hours. I sighed with angry.
I reached down for my weapon. And just my luck I wore it along my fitted waistline on my smelly un-pressed black one-piece jumpsuit and desperately dreamed of a more glamour job. I sighed with annoyance.
I left the open archway of my room and executed a T-sprint in the air, sailing down the hallway, spinning into the next long hallway. I used a T-probe with my telepathy to find the disaster and turned the sharp corner and then stopped immediately. I gently lowered down onto the dirty floor and viewed Prison Cell numbers 333 through 339 as the single prison inmate hold his illegal maser against an upset female with rolling tears at her throat.
Yeah, I would be upset, too, if a live maser caresses my temple.
A single police officer in a golden outfit stood inside a wall corner on top of an elevated platform waving his hand with a silly motion and shouted out loud. “Release her and you will not get hurt!”
That famous line didn’t work on Planet Earth with an angry prisoner within each make-believe television program either.
I shifted ahead and elbowed a pathway through the thick, smelly crowd of police officer, getting in the front row, seeing the single hostage standoff. 
A single prison inmate waved his free hand and yelled out loud. “We are starving to death and we demand food and water.”
I gasp in shock and turned to view the collar bone on the taller police officer, who continued to smile at the hostage standoff. “Don’t you feed these citizens?”
The tall police officer leaned over and spat out his vile salvia on the tile near the booted foot on the nosy female, standing upright, smiling at the hostage standoff. “Yeah, prisoners eat, when we say they eat.”
I couldn’t park both of my folded fists on my fitted waist to show my personal angry within the crowd, so I flung out a small wad of personal disgustingly mouth spit from my tongue hitting down on top of his saliva puddle. I looked up and stared at his collar bone again with fury. “You said! Who made you the law here inside the prison house?”
He turned and grinned with four teeth missing. “Ivan makes the law here. I follow it. Who are you, princess?”
I mumbled in angry. “I’m your worse midnight, dude.” I returned back and studied the single inmate and his single hostage, pondering the highlighted words inside my mental mind: Ivan made and enforced the law.


I mentally back flashed past within the first and second alien timelines, when each prisoner inmate had been located on Planet Sahara and treated with respect and dignity.

Some of the prisoner inmates had also been rehabilitated back into a normal society credited by Prince Rann.


Then I mentally flashed back present, I stood on top of the floor and sneered with angry. I had really come and messed up this new alien timeline, so I could fix it here inside the third alien timeline, starting with this gentleman right here, who held an illegal and dangerous maser weapon. An inmate didn’t have access to weapons unless one had been given access to the weapons storage, where each illegal and deadly weapon had been housed on this floor.
I turned and scanned crowd looking for more than one villain here, not seeking an immediate answer. I sighed with care.
“I used a blue stunner maser on his buddy inmate next to the leader. Then I beat him good there on his tenth through twelfth ribs. No resistance, mama!” The golden draped Sahara Guard laughed out loud and continued to watch the hostage standoff. I overheard the string of nasty words and then growled with fury.
The other golden colored Sahara Guard nodded with laughter and continued to watch the hostage standoff also. “Take the trouble makers out, way out into the lone desert. No resistance ever, daddy!”
I exhaled with angry and broke the front row formation, slowly marching ahead toward the single hostage with an illegal black colored maser weapon on her naked throat. There was not another place for the gang of free prison inmates to run or hide. Their only chance was to die by trying to escape or negotiating peace with the non-speaking leader from stubborn and crude Sahara Guards coupled with the nasty and smelly Police Office militia soldiers.
One of the guards reached out and dared to touch Starra’s arm. I swiftly performed a T-jerk with my arm away from his strong hand gripe while dragging the solo Sahara guard into the open also as I continued to march slowly with a stern face to the prison inmate.
I connected, linked and then Tele talked into the inmate mental mind: Peace. Calm.
The single prisoner inmate continued to eye gleam Starra and continued to hold the maser barrel closer next to her naked throat.
I lifted both palms near my jaw line and softly said, staring at the maser weapon. “Buddy, let the nice Sahara guard go. Then I will give you both fresh food and clean water.”
The inmate stared at Starra with a soft growl without removing his hand from the hostage or the maser weapon. “Where’s the food? Don’t see the food!” He violently shook his hostage with a free hand.
I thumbed back over my collar bone with a smile, staring at the inmate. “The food tables are located over there behind my butthole. Give me the maser. I will give you the fresh food and the clean water.” I continued to slowly moved ahead and reached out, extending my arm outwardly toward the prison.
The inmate quickly eye burned the back wall searching for the food tables.
I connected, linked and then Tele talked to the inmate: Peace. Calm.
A second prisoner inmate leaned down into the eardrum on the leader. “Don’t believe her! She’s one of them.”
My pair of Tele-eardrums overheard the private whisper.
The leader inmate continued to eye burn the rear wall for a food table.
I connected, linked and then Tele talked to the lead inmate: Peace. Calm. 
I continued to extend my arm and slowly moved toward the lead prison inmate in friendship, softly wording. “Toss me the weapon, buddy! I am your friend here.”
The lead prison innate wiggled his fingers and then slowly removed his maser from her naked throat.
My T-power pinged. Everything ain’t fine!
“Stang!” I whispered for my eardrums only.
One of the watching Sahara guards shouted out loud and pointed down at the innate, “Down, Lieutenant! Fire!” 
Both groups consisting of the Militia police officers in dark blue uniforms and the Sahara prison guards in golden hue enjoyed the double-crossing moment on Starra while they had planned to kill any and all escaped inmates to show their asinine authority and stupid superiority. I sighed with fight.
I dropped my body down and landed hard on top of the smooth tile, since I didn’t want to die today. On the floor, I performed a T-jerk with my telekinesis and jerked the maser from the prisoner inmate’s hand. Then I executed a T-leap up from the floor and performed a T-halt in the air, twisting around facing the true enemy of the night.
I executed a T-rip with my telekinesis at a set of golden tinted metal doors from the rear wall and performed a T-drop of each wide and heavy door down into front of my face and my body, absorbing each maser fire coming from every guard while protecting each prisoner inmate, the stunned Sahara guard officer, and my body. A series of red, yellow, and green tinted burning maser waves hit the twin golden doors melting both of the air-bore objects into a golden pile of gooey dripping down on the floor and on the leg of my jumpsuit. I sighed with inflaming angry.
“Halt!” The leader of the Sahara guard laughed out and stood inside the wall corner like a coward.
On the top of the floor, I slammed my homemade shield down inside the growling golden pile of gooey liquid and stood in place while guarding each prison inmate. The Sahara guard had fainted onto the floor.
I looked down with a sneer and viewed my destroyed jumpsuit. A large hole exposed both of my naked kneecaps and one ankle bone. My nice pair of unpolished cowgirl boots exhibited streams of white tinted steam from the falling heated liquid and as both my big toes wiggled like a night crawler inside the burnt hot pink leather which protected my naked feet.
I looked up and sneered at the crowd. Each officer and guard broke free from line formation and surrounded each one of the freed prisoners providing a tray of fresh food and a tumbler of clean water while escorting each one back into an individual prison cell. I sighed with reward.
Kona approached from the blind side on Starra, stopped, and stood beside her nose profile, leaning over, breathing with a tongue of sour breath into her eardrum. “I do not know what that was or what just happened, but you are not a hero, Starra. You are dang lucky that you didn’t get your pretty head blown off.”
So, my supervisor Kona thought that I possessed a pretty head and a pretty mind also. I continued to watch each guard and sneered. “Thanks for the compliment, Kona!”
He spun around and left the room and Starra.
Each inmate was returned back into an empty prison cell with a tray of food. I moved ahead and yawned ugly with an open mouth, looking forward into sleep, finding an issued pressed and ironed blue uniform later this morning.


7th hour (early morning)
Mess Hall location
Eating table setting


“Alarm broken!” Kona sat in the metal chair at one of the long golden tinted metal tables alone while enjoying the morning breakfast meal.
I appeared and sat down, straddling both of my legs on top of the metal cold hard chair at the shared dining room table that contained 1,000 inmates and 500 guards, gently placing my full tray of steaming food on top of the metal, looking down at the food, not Kona.
“Yeah, I decided to get more beauty sleep, Major.” I frowned down at the food feeling lots of accumulated exhaustion moments that represented the big fight with a bigger Marquis Tok, the brief discussion with boring General Ivan, the pretty peace negotiation with irritated inmates and pretty much saving the universe that Rann ruled.
I lifted a forkful of steaming eggs into my pink-painted lips.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Great! 
Something terrible was going to happen and it was going to happen to me. I sighed with trouble.
I smelled his bad breath flooding down on top of my silver hair roots and then drifting down towards my nostrils as a visible male voiced stood behind Starra and sneered in a baritone timber. “Is this the little girl that caused all the ruckus, this morning?”
Kona nodded and stared at Starra in silence without viewing the new Mystery Guest.
Mystery Guest growled down at the hair roots on Starra. “Is she your girlfriend, Kona?”
Kona laughed. “No.”
Mystery Guest sneered. “Is she your partner?”
Kona ginned. “No.”
Mystery Guest snarled. “What is she?”
Kona smirked at Starra. “She’s on her own.” He scooted his chair from the table and stood upright, moving backwards away from Starra. I sighed with anxiety.
On top of my chair, at the table, I pushed my delicious food tray from the table edge, planning to eat my breakfast later, after my brief, but intense physical exercise. I looked up and cocked my curls sideway, posing like an alien princess. “Thanks for the vote of confidence, Major!”
Away from the eating table without other people, on top of the floor, Kona crossed his arms and wore his neatly ironed and pressed blue uniform.
I slowly stood upright from the chair and wore my new cute little outfit that came from somebody.
An hour earlier, this same morning, inside my warm bed covers, I had awakened hungry for food and refreshed from my short slumber while finding a golden pretty satin box outside my bedroom door, after I had finished peeing in the toilet and showering out the nasty germs from last night’s hostage exchange program.
I had slammed open the single door and then stomped my right bare foot down on top of that box first. Ya know, I thought it was a live snake in the middle of space station here in outer space and then I outer spaced that box with my left bare foot into the opposite wall, since that solid hallway wall currently stopped all outer space dead molecules from invading and killing all of the live air molecules which were needed to survive here in a space station.
Once I had calmed down quickly, I realized with a face of red colored embarrassment the pretend snake was a pretend gift from a pretend somebody that must pretend to like me for some pretend reason.
You get the pic!
Currently, inside the Mess Hall setting, I stood a few inches from the eating table. My new outfit was colored in silver tint and matched my head of long wavy waist length hair. I wore a fitted long-sleeved turtleneck shirt which was paired with a cute sleeveless fitted vest in rows of tiny diamonds which gleamed and glittered from the overhead lights that burned brightly through the room.
I also displayed a pair of gray matching fabric walking shorts that covered my butt and fell right above both of my naked kneecaps which contained two slender long pockets for holding shit, ya know, like your hands when nervous or two thick handkerchiefs when your cry or two masers when you kill.
And I exhibited a pair of gray thigh-high leather boots that touched the bottom edge on my new pair of walking shorts while making my person look really cute and all adorable in the color of gray. Plus, I possessed a small diamond-hilted silver tinted deadly dagger inside the left-side pouch pocket on my fashion boot.
So, I kinda knew the identity of that pretend somebody was. I sighed with true love.
I leaned over the solid metal table as far as my short torso went and eye burned Kona threatening with true lethal force. “You are next on my hit list, buddy.”
I swiftly stood upright with a sneer and twisted to face the ugliest guy in the universe, turning to scan the lunchroom, viewing some of my fellow Militia police officers in the dark blue uniforms with a diagonal yellow tined sash. Each one did not smile or speak or squeak, not yet.
Then I turned and examined each Sahara guard in a golden outfit without a pretty, girly sash, shaking my curls. I sighed with not dying today.
The big male scooted his tallness from away from me and my dining room table, currently standing thirty feet from my stationary pose within the middle of two bigger guys that measured six feet in height and out weighted me by two hundred pounds.
An equal match to my alien talent!
I snorted and then smirked at the three natives as each native here inside the unknown galaxy needed to learn a new social lesson in table manners from an alien of Planet Earth. I deeply bowed down at my fitted waist like a true noblette, standing upright with a grin.
Mystery Guest smiled at Starra. “Did you hear that deadly threat on your healthy body, Major?” The lead antagonist restated for dumbo Kona and chuckled out loud. “Well, you can have her next, after I whip her fanny first, Kona, if there’s anything left.”
The captive audience of both guards with an individual weapon stood on the floor or on top of the eating table while laughing out loud, since the audience was composed of half empty chairs, eighty percent Militia police officers and twenty percent of the beautifully golden-vested and red-sashed Sahara prison guards.
I bet my bowl of hot oatmeal that each Sahara prison guard had been ordered to stay clear of every Militia fight. So I did  not possess any friends or allies or options here. This was no way to start the morning, ya’ll! I sighed with deep concern.
I shoved my chair underneath the table like a nice southern bed where my Grandma Starbelt had taught during her social lesson on Planet Earth.
I moved away from the table and stopped, standing in the middle of the naked floor with tables or chair, where the selected hot spot was slowly forming a completed circle with both Militia officers and Sahara guards, surrounding three antagonists and my person.
I stood thirty feet away from my three opponents in silence with my boots parted and parked both my two folded fists at my fitted waist with a stern face while signaling the start or the end or the suffering of my consequences. I sighed with danger.
In the middle of the three males, the Lead Antagonist paced two steps and shouted out loud. “Rules are simple. No weapons of any kind including masers, swords, darts, arrows, spears and daggers.” He could see the outline of her tiny silver dagger that was secretly hidden down into the left thigh high boot.


I mentally back flashed past within the second alien timeline, when Prince Rann had presented a silver tinted dagger to me as a wedding gift.


On top of the floor, inside the Mess Hall, I cocked my left leg at the kneecap and retrieved my dagger with my left hand, standing upright, holding the dagger by the hilt near my smile. I flipped the dagger in the air and captured it by my finger tips, tossing my weapon thirty feet and one/sixteenth of an inch in front of the big tone on the Lead Antagonist, missing, of course. My dagger landed down on its pointy blade in front of his boot.
The members of the captured audience wiggle and jiggled with laughter.
The Lead Antagonist reached down and jerked her dagger from the wooden floor, handing to one of the Sahara guards behind his rear skull.
I shouted out loud with a smile. “Now, I want my weapon back after I whip your fanny.”
The audience laughed.
He charged with an entertainingly zigzag dance pattern on the floor. The floor violently shook from his mighty weight thumping in a musical rhythm while each table leg sounded with an alto tune and each chair sung in soprano note.
I stood prettily and patiently waited for my prey while his dance pattern bounced his tallness side to side against each moving table and chair, slamming the item into the crowd of people which took a few seconds.
Finally, he reached my breakfast table, where I had enjoyed admiring my delicious breakfast before my ugly challenge of the day.
I performed a T-pull on my food tray and executed a T-jerk on the tray, shifting the item down on the food into his foot path. He right boot heel hit the metal tray. The tray couldn’t support his heavy physical weight or the weird-o physical math angle from his dancing motion, sailing him up from the floor and high into the air waves, when his right foot landed down on the main entrée of scrambled eggs.
The guard tumbled backward and landed hard on his back spine bouncing his hard rear skull once and twice then thrice on the hard surface.
Each captured member groaned in headache pain also.
He rested quietly down on top of the floor.
I stared down at the spilled food and whispered for my eardrum only. “What a waste of good food!”
Second Antagonist on the left side from Starra rushed ahead beside the table and then jumped over his fallen buddy, building up good momentum and speed toward Starra.
I performed a T-leap up from the floor and landed with a T-drop down on top of my breakfast table surface, giving my body a better advantage and good height to fight a six feet tall man.
Hey! I measured five feet high in statue.
He sped in her direction.
I performed a T-view with my Teleclairvoyance.


He swings his right arm for a final blow at her face.


I ducked down and dodged to the left on top of the table. Then I performed a T-flair with my telekinesis and stood upright, dancing back to my right in front of his stationary pose. I stepped on my left foot and performed a natural high kick with my right leg into his ugly face. The guard stumbled backward and bleeds out red blood from his broken nose, grabbing his nose, landing down on top of the floor.
The audience laughed.
Third Antagonist was smart and slowly moved ahead down the middle space in her direction.
I jumped off the table and performed a T-probe with my telepathy, reading his brute force and his strength against my pretty head. That was a good plan for him. I planned to use a slicker plan involving the overhead lights.
He marched ahead and hummed a familiar song. Left. Left. Left. Right. Left. He passed underneath the first set of overhead lights and then underneath second set of lights, moving ahead. He passed underneath the fourth set of lights and finally underneath the target set of lights, marching ahead. Left. Left. Left. Right. Left.
I stopped and stood in the middle of the aisle like a hero. I performed a T-drop with my telekinesis and watched with a smirk. Each lamp dome magically detached from the ceiling, falling down his back spine with a plopping sound. 
The guard hit the floor and snored with headache pain. I sighed with pain.
“What is this!” The loud baritone voice coming from General Ivan echoed throughout the room and as his set of marching heavy footballs also tapped over the floor while ratting some of the solo chairs also.
The encircled throng of standing guards swiftly parted and formed an empty aisle way for him. I sighed with bad luck.
“General Ivan!” Kona turned and smiled at Ivan.
Ivan stopped and eye burned each one of the three unconscious bodies down on the floor, looking up to see Kona. “Kona!” He turned and pointed at Starra, “You! Follow me.”
I continued to stand and exhaled with worry, swiftly moving ahead and scurried behind Ivan. I reached out and wiggled my hands performing a T-lift and elevated three biscuits and a carton of milk from the food counter. Each item landed down into my arms.
Kona moved sideways and marched with Starra, holding her dagger near her cheekbone in silence.
I accepted the dagger and shoved it back down into the hidden pouch, consuming the door, walking behind Ivan.
Ivan exited the Mess Hall and moved ahead down the hallway, turning to the side wall, slamming open the closed door. H entered the room and pointed at each chair in front of a long golden office desk without art work or business items. “Sit!”
He scooted around the desk and sat down in the large chair, staring at Kona. “What happened?”
Kona sat down and stared at Ivan.
I entered and sat down in the second chair, staring at Ivan, stuffing the food into my mouth.
Ivan appeared mad that I had got picked on like a sissy girl.
I worked my lips with my mouth open while chewing the food.
Kona sniffed his nostrils for fun and then smiled. “Starra was challenged, sir.” He turned and sneered at the nose profile on Starra. “She accepted the fight, sir. Ya know, General, it is a ritual for all rookies.”
“I know the ritual. I created it,” he growled at Kona. “Three against one, Kona! Those aren’t good odds even for me.”
Ivan was defeating my butthole today. I continued to eat and watch.
Kona tossed the hands and gasped in shock. “Starra can defend herself in any circumstance. She’s unharmed.”
Ivan jabbed a finger at Kona with a sneer. “You are lucky that she is not inside the Medical Ward. For your poor judgment, you and the three unconscious Militia police officers are going to personally clean up the Mess Hall and then pay with your currs for the damages Lieutenant Starra has caused inside the Mess Hall. Get outta of office, Ensign!” Ivan had also demoted Major Kona down into lowly Ensign Kona.
Kona slowly stood upright with a gasp and turned to sneer at Starra, back stepping from the chair and into the closed door.
I finished the second biscuit.
A loud knock pounded the partially closed door and as his voice sounded in a sissy alto. “General Ivan, may I enter it!” Lord Dirk slammed the door open and wore a golden colored attire consisting of a long cape, a floppy hat, and a pair of long gloves. I sighed with golden.
“Dirk, please, come inside and have a seat, and join me.” Ivan motions with his free hand.
Dirk sat down in a chair that stood against the entrance wall, where Starra could not see him. He nodded to Ivan with a stern face. “I heard about the incident that had occurred this morning. I am always concerned when it involves my prisoners and my guards. I hope you can understand my position.” Dirk pretended to care and as his eyeballs shifted and stared at her back spine. “Are you injured, Lieutenant Starra?”
I sat in the chair and felt his burning eyeballs on my hair strands as I was a Tele. And he was a Tele too. I shook my curls and respected the enemy, I mean, the noble. I was the commoner her sitting in front of my commanding officer, because I worked for a living. And I was not on the noble list of favorites at the moment.
“Your deeds are amazing. Do you possess supernatural powers that I’m not aware of Starra?” Dirk smiles at her rear skull.
Yeah, I did possess a set of T-powers, but you knew that, Dirk. I sighed with plot.
“Brawn without brains! Need I say no more!” I grinned with food particles between m front teeth at Ivan and then chewed the rest of the food, swallowing the food, burping out loud for fun. I sigh with alien.
Dirk laughed at the rear skull on Starra. “I agree with your assessment, Starra. The intellect overcomes all obstacles.”
I coughed out loud. Dirk agreed with me. I twisted around and stared at Dirk. He smiled at her. I sighed with surprise.


Space station Militia
Lounge setting
9th hour (mid-morning)


Inside the lounge room, I quietly sat in the wall corner like a wallflower reading a book, avoiding Kona and each one of Kona’s friends. I actually couldn’t believe that Kona had a friend, such like, an entire floor of them, to boot.
The door remained open in case of an attack or an emergency. Colonel Nat entered into the room and slowly waddled toward Starra while reading his mini-bot. He stopped and stared at Starra. “Starra, I have a set of new orders.” He looked up and turned, surveying the room with numerous pilots that were engaged in numerous activities. He returned back and stared at Starra. “You will be performing Mistress Duty at the royal castle for Prince Rann.” Each one of the police officers softly sniggered.
I ignored the weird sounds and stood upright with a smile and nodded to Nat.
“What kind of trouble did you cause, Starra.” One of the pilots sat and played the Conqueror Game, laughing out loud.
“I take it. This is not an honorific assignment.” I frowned at Nat.
“This is a punishment duty, when you get punished badly for being very badly.” Kona continued to sit at the same poker game and laughed out loud.
I got now and then nodded at Nat. “For how long do I stay at the castle?”
“You stay until Rann decides otherwise.” Kona sniggered.
“Stang!” I whispered for my eardrums only.
Nat turned and frowned at the room of pilots. “Stop it, pilots! Starra is not in trouble. She has been requested.”
“Yeah, right, your mama!” One of the freighter pilots played a deadly electronic game on the game machine at the far wall and laughed.
Kona looked up and nodded to Starra. “Ya know, maybe, if you’re very good you could be one of Rann’s…”
“Enough, pilots!” Nat sneered at each pilot inside the room.
“I was just teasing her, sir.” Kona smiled.
Nat spun around and wore a stern face. “Starra, follow me and start the prep of your zipper for Commerce. We leave in five minutes.” He moved ahead and exited the room.
I dashed ahead among the soft chuckle from each pilot with puzzlement, exiting the room, turning the door frame and slammed into a stationary Nat.
Nat back stepped and reached out, hugging Starra, spinning them around in a circle. He halted and leaned down, whispering into her nose bridge. “Starra, take my advice and don’t like anyone call you, a mistress. It is not a nice term to use for any nice female.”
He released her and spun around, jogging down the hallway away from Starra.
I dashed ahead and entered my suite, quickly packing my gear, loading into my zipper.


10th hour (mid-day)
Planet Commerce, property of Prince Rann
Entertainment Room
Blue sky with white clouds and yellow sun at 79ºF


Right now, within the rows of invisible deadly outer space waves, I followed behind Nat inside my zipper.
He landed his zipper too swiftly on top of the second landing bay as the castle and exited the ship, racing through the open archway too fast.
It is too early in the afternoon for a fast run. 
Nat disappeared into the cool interior of the castle without explanation.
I landed my zipper and exited the ship, dashing ahead, performing a T-probe on his mind. I turned and climbed up the hidden staircase on the side wall, hitting the fourth floor inside the royal castle which was called the entertainment hallway.
Inside the hallway Ivan was standing there to greet Nat and Starra.
I rushed ahead, stopped, and stood beside Nat, staring at Ivan also.
Ivan smiled. “Good morning, Colonel and Commander.”
I looked back over my collar bone and stared at the empty walls. I didn’t see another citizen standing against the wall. I returned back and smiled at Ivan.
My T-powers pinged. Everything is fine. 
I hade gotten promoted to the commander title. I sighed with accomplishment.
Ivan spun around and moved toward the side wall, entering the open room.
Nat and I followed Ivan and entered the same room.
A set of purple colored wooden doors greeted each person on the fourth floor. Each wall was filled with numerous objects that softly beeped or buzzed, such like, electronic comlens, a counter for beverages with a row of high stools, six pool tables, three music centers, eight game centers, two dance floors, only one swimming pool that stood outside behind a set of four glass doors.
In the middle of the room, a line of four gorgeous female stood in place.
Ivan stopped and smiled at each girl. “Ladies, this is your new security guard.”
I stopped and stood in place and looked back over my collar bone, viewing the entrance wall with numerous game machines. I did not see another citizen standing against the wall. Then my light bulbs ignited brilliantly inside my brain. I was the new security guard.
I returned back and gritted my teeth drawing out a southern twang while growling like a tiger. I hoped to scare each female from my face, so I could return to the space station and finish reading my adventure novel while watching Kona lose around poker game. I sneered, “Starra! Nice to meet ya’ll.”
A tall dark skinned female moved ahead from the feline line and stopped, standing over the silver tinted hair roots on Starra, speaking in a sexy husky alto. “This is our new bodyguard.” She turned and leaned over, spitting down on the floor right beside the gray colored boot toe on Starra, returning back with a sneer to see Starra again, “I have brothers and sisters bigger then this child.” Ivan and the three witches laughed.
I crossed my arms and frowned at her.
Nat continued to stand and stare at each girl.
Ivan smiled. “Commander Starra, she is more than qualified for this security position. She might appear tiny, but she packs a big punch.” Ivan had referred Starra’s luck battle fight with Marquis Tok and the three Militia police officers on Planet Sahara.
Yeah, baby, I care for myself. 
But my new security assignment guarded three female species from the universe. A female was worser than three big bad Militia officers, because they liked to fight with their tongues, not a weapon. A vocal word was very powerful weapon when it was used appropriately at your enemy. I sighed with trepidation.
“Hi, I’m Bab. Welcome to the club.” A beautiful blonde haired, tall, sexy female smiled at Starra and extended her hand.
I shook her hand with a smile. “Thanks, Bab.”  I stared at each female.
The dark skinned beautiful sexy female back stepped and crossed her arms while sneering down at short Starra. “So, this little shrimp is going to become my bodyguard. I could whip her fanny with my pinky finger.”
And too bad I could not accept her challenge right now as my T-power would shorten that height of six feet down to four feet of petiteness, bowing at the alien princess.
Geez! I thought Viscountess Rita was a deadly threat to my fragile body. I sighed with toil.
“What happened to Sid?” Bab pouted her red colored lips at Nat
Ivan nodded. “He has been reassigned.”
A third female with a carrot-top red colored hair and a tone of bronze skin danced side to side next to the beautiful blonde sexy Bab and wore a pair of four-inched sandals, pointing to the tall female. She is named Za. Za doesn’t like for anyone to know her name. I’m Eis. It is nice to know you, Starra. And Bab is standing right beside me and can’t stop talking about herself and flirting with her IQ at our last security guard.” She chuckled and hip bumped with Bab.
Bab frowned. “No.”
Ivan smiled. “Girls, you and her go and get acquainted.” He back stepped and spun around laughing out loud. “If you need anything, Starra, call Nat, not me!”
Nat slowly back stepped from the line of girls also.
I could not think of anything else, but I definitely and defiantly needed a new job staring at each girl. I slowly back stepped with Nat and whispered into his cheekbone. “I’m a little fussy on my mission here.”
Nat chuckled and stared at each female, “Your job is very simple! Buddy up with girls, play billiards, and swim in the pool, and enjoy yourself, Starra. Rann requires that the girls be monitored during the day and afternoon while he busies with his royal duties. Every once in a while, he’ll contact one to dine with him for breakfast, bunch, lunch or dinner meal. He wants the girls to feel important and be assured that they do not wonder solo around his castle and get into any trouble.” He winks with a grin to Starra and moved ahead with a smile, exiting the room in silence.
I acted more silly and innocent with a slight giggle. I sighed with duty.
Get it! Got it! 
I didn’t need to use T-powers, because I was the new royal babysitter. I turned and sneered at Ivan.
Ivan exited the room and echoed his joyous laughter down the long, quiet hallway. He had gotten troublemaker Starra out of his way and permanently assigned with Mistress Duty. 
I stood in place and continued to hear Ivan’s obnoxious loud laughter and stared at each feline inside the famed Entertainment Room, turning to see each wall and the closed door. I sighed with escape.
Alien Day 76


Entertainment Room
Sunny day with 78ºF
12th hour (early Afternoon)


My second day of my permanent mistress job duty consisted of five girly cat fights inside the Entertainment Room, six girly lioness feasts at lunchtime, and one girly dog paddle inside the inviting swimming pool. I sat on top of the lounge chair underneath the shaded patio floor. I sighed with jealousy.
I loved the bright hot yellow sunshine while I sun bathed my golden body then swam inside the warm blue-greenish artificial pool waters. But I couldn’t do that now.
I owned two garments, a gray cute uniform on my body now as I sweat underneath the shaded patio and a gray slip evening gown. Since I was a commoner and a working citizen, because only the nobles and richer commoners enjoyed the luxury of the royal social circle events that include day time parties, night time dinners, and midnight dances during the three day-week and on the two night-weekend. I sighed with un-importance.
I waved a hand and opened the one of the glass doors, viciously performed a T-jerk on a new book from the tiny library in the wall corner intersection between the window and the shelf of tumblers. I performed a T-flair of my telekinesis spying on each feline that frolicked inside the pool water or lounged outside in the sun.
A floating row of working, non-sweating Wbot brought eight trays of food calling each feline for the daily fishy meal until their big breasts were full. I sighed with more jealousy.
I consumed the smelly fish meal while watching each kitten inside entertainment room. Then pair of my eyelashes was blinded by the bright sunlight and as my mind noted a missing kitten. I sighed with intrigue.
“Where’s Bab?” I shouted out loud from the patio floor and performed a T-echo of Telepathy from my comfortable chair as I was the designated royal babysitter.
“She went with Rann for lunch.” Za hollered back from her patio lounge chair as the other felines giggled.
I frowned and commented without thinking, scanning a pile of dirty plates. “We just ate the lunch meal.”
Wbot cleaned dirty table and dirty dishes in silence.
Za laughed. “We did but Rann didn’t.”
Each feline laughed out loud.
Then my light bulb brightened inside my brain and as I silently mouthed: mistress duty.
I shook my wet curls and plowed a sweaty face down into my new adventure book. I sighed with embarrassment.
Alien Day 77


Royal party
Night sky with black clouds and rain at 67ºF
16th hour (late evening)


My third day of royal babysitting duties bored my mind and as I drowned in my selfish sorrow with three pints of chocolate milk, biting down into the third piece of thick brown meat. My pair of eardrums and my eyeballs observed a set of happy and cheery attendees that attended one of Rann’s royal parties without Rann but with each one of his royal mistresses. I sighed with royaliness.
Yeah, that’s a word!


I mentally back flashed past within the second alien timeline, when Prince Rann had become the President of the Nation and had wanted to entertain each citizen here inside his royal palace. 


Then I mentally flashed back present, each kind of sleazy citizen was shuffling in and out from the royal castle on the hour which included the morning, the afternoon, and the evening. No citizen bothered to identify their person, even to Rann.
So, I also had inherited the royal housekeeper of each bodily human trashcan too. I sighed with suspicious.
“What’s wrong, Bab?” I looked down and talked to my plate of food as each chewed particle leaped off my tooth, landing back down in the pile of food or hitting the clean counter with ugliness. Sometimes, the particular chewed food particles dropped down and hit my boot toe with accuracy.
Yeehaw!
I swallowed the lumpy food and as my right eyeball stared at beautiful tall sexy Bab, who looked very upset. It must be her face of shiny wet tears streaming down her coral painted cheekbones. I sighed with whatever.
“I wanna play on the pool table, but they won’t let me.” Bab stomped her foot and pointed at the last pool table with a group of four bad boys in the wall corner.
I had noted the same loud rude and obnoxiously male behavior for the past two hours which bombarded my eardrums and my brain cells that sounded with loud laughter, heavy drinking, and surly talking. I sighed with annoyance.
I sat the tumbler of cold chocolate milk down on the bar counter, turning to eye burn each one of the annoyants. I liked that new word.
I just created it from thick air within my mind.
I continued to eye burn each annoyant like an annoying little ant and reached out, slapping her naked arm, jumping down from the high stool. “Okay! Wait right here for a moment, Bab. I’ll be right back.” I sighed with intrigue.
I spun around and stomped ahead to the commotion in the wall corner at the loud group of annoyants. Six pool tables stood inside the entertainment room which was occupied by the six annoyants. I stopped and stood beside their main pool table. “How many pool tables do you require to play a game, sir?”
Lead Annoyant measured six feet and five inches and as he turned and winked at Starra. “All of them. Who are you, sugar plum?”
I slapped my chest with a smile, “I am the castle security woman.” He laughed and created a chain reaction of many laughs from other three annoyants and some of the other guests.
I pointed to the other empty entertainment equipment. “I do believe there are plenty of other toys here inside the entertainment room for you to go and play with, sir. Why didn’t you become a good boy and rotate around the open space inside the room?”
Lead Annoyant turned and surveyed the room, returning back, winking at Starra. “Well, I got a better idea. Why don’t you make me play with you?”
I smiled with a nod while enjoying a new challenge during the boring evening. I reached over and grabbed a pool stick from the side wall, “How about we play a game of wits instead?”
Lead Annoyant laughed. “If I outwit you, then I get you.” The others laughed.
I pointed at the other annoyants. “And if I outwit you, then I want you and all of your little friends to leave the party and go home to your wives and children.”
Lead Annoyant presented a flat palm and leaned down, spitting his juicy saliva down into the palm, extending the slick palm to Starra, “Deal!”
I leaned down and mouth spit inside both of my palms, slapping them together against his single manly hand with a smile, “Done deal!” Everyone laughed.
“I break.” Lead Annoyant leaned down and drew his pool stick towards the rack of balls with a smile.
I back stepped into the wall and cuddled my pool stick into my chest, “Gentlemen, go first always.” I watched each colored balls break prettily as the white cue ball chased nothing inside the flat cloth. No billiard ball dropped down into a pocket hole accidentally or purposefully. I stepped forward toward the rosewood railing, eye burning a good shot.
Lead Annoyant back stepped and leaned against the wall, shouting out loud. “Call it, castle security woman, before you hit and miss the hole,” laughing.
I held my stick upright and stared at my opponent. “I am going to sink all the solid balls in the holes first. Then I am going to hit each one of the colorful stripped balls next and finally the black colored ball in the left corner pocket to win our game, sir.” Each attendee laughed out loud.
My pool stick brilliantly collided against the white cue ball and then hit the green colored ball landing down into the wooden cup with a soft thump. The solid red ball follows into the cup by a yellow ball using a T-flair with my telekinesis.
Yo! I’m a Tele, not a pool shark.
Finale, the black ball stood in the center of the green matting inside the polished rosewood billiards table. I called out loud. “The ball will hit the left corner pocket for the win of our little game.” My stick aimed, shot, and fired the white cue ball into the black ball. The black ball ricocheted to the right and then rounded to the left, falling down into the left corner pocket for game win. I sighed with showoff.
The six annoyants turned and gathered their gear and their guts from the side leather benches, exiting the room with an escorted police officer.
I arrogantly…naw…elegantly strolled back to my bar stool, sitting unladylike on the chair, nodding to Bab. Bab moved ahead and invaded the empty pool tables with a group of new nicer males.
At the bar counter, the female bar keeper lifted both hands and smiled, “A whiskey drink for the lady!”
I pointed to the cold tall bottle with a smile. “No! Please, give me a large tall glass of cold milk and that.” I fingered the food item at the end of long counter.
Rann appeared and stood behind the rear skull on Starra. “You handled the menace like an accomplished diplomat.”
I spun around on top of my stool and curved my legs into the hollow space, so I did not accidentally assault the royal kneecaps on Rann. I smiled. “Thanks, Rann! I’m honored by your accolade, but I’d describe it more accurately as an expert pool shark.”
Rann laughed out loud and straddled the next stool. “I never would have guessed that. You are not an intimidating person, Commander.”
“I can make myself intimidating, if I really wanted to.” I winked and flirted with Rann while waiting for my next flirting step. I sighed with fun-ness.
“Really!” He lifted an eyebrow, left.
“Really!” I lifted the eyebrow, right.
He relaxed his smile and fiddled the cold beverage staring at Starra. “My girls, they do not find you intimidating. On the contrary, you’re very cordial and kind to them.” He silently sips on his beverage as I present duck lips, ugly and.
I gasped, “My girls! You make them sound like a piece of land property, instead of an individual. A citizen should not own another citizen for pleasure or toil, Rann.”
“They are my property.” He smirked. “And I apply the same concept with you. You are my property, too, Commander.”
I frowned. “I am not a piece of property for anyone. You pay me currs to work as your body guard. A position, I can quit anytime that I desire.”
“I have never imagined my employment terms as negotiable. Beauty, brawn, and brains, I’ve never met anyone quite like you, Starra.” He leaned closer into her face.
I wished for that kiss but leaned backwards with a smile. “You don’t get out much, do you Rann?” I turned and scanned the Entertainment Room then eye burn Rann and teach. “There’re lots of citizens that share my same viewpoint in this universe.”
“Rann!” He gasped. “Do you always show disrespect to your employer?”
I winked, “Only when I wanna!”
“There are not many citizens who possess your boldness of character or your attitude about life.”
“I’m afraid that I’ve cornered the market on an attitude larger than a zipper ship.”
He chuckled. “I’ll not debate your statement. It is one of the strengths that I admire about you, Starra.”
I accepted his flirt and his flattery, since I hadn’t graced his presence after landing the royal babysitter job, because Rann was busy ruling the universe.


I mentally back flashed past within the second alien timeline, when King Bartholomew had been occupied with each one of his royal duties, his royal commitments, and his royal obligations but not his royal girlfriend. 


Then I mentally flashed present, I enjoyed his personal attention and his intellectual conversation this evening. Each one of the females was not quick with their wit, their humor or their small talk which led me into reading way too many numerous action and adventure books from the tiny library wall while watching them play inside the pool water. I sighed with duty.
On top of the high stool, I smiled. “I have other strengths that I haven’t yet…employed.”
He leaned over and barely touched her nose. “I would rather learn your weakness.”
“My weakness!” I sat back and turned, stabbing the food down into the gooey covered sweet cake, sucking down the sugar with a grin, “Chocolate.” I smiled with a ring of chocolate covered lips.
Rann laughed out loud as I continued to eat my dessert.
Alien Day 78


9th hour (mid-morning)
Entertainment Room
Blue sky with white clouds and yellow sun at 80ºF


The fourth day of my royal babysitter duty, both of my eardrums heard coming across the air waves inside the room.
“He loves me.” Za stood in a huddle and shouted loud.
“He loves me.” Bab stood in the same huddle and shouted louder.
“He loves me.” Eis stood next to Bab and shouted loudest.
“He loves me.” Za started all over again.
I flipped over and landed on my left side on top of the soft sofa inside the entertainment room turning to the next page inside my new book. I sighed with boredom.
Alien Day 79


12th hour (early afternoon)
Swimming pool
Blue sky with white clouds and yellow sun at 84ºF
Afternoon


Fifth day of my imprisonment….naw…employment received a nice surprise.
My faithful robot Bot renamed from the zipper robot Zbot presented a swim suit outfit to my person. Then I submerged my fading suntanned body down into the cool pool water, roasting my face and my body in the hot sunshine until my eardrums heard no more mewing from each kitten.
My new orders from Ivan, I was to move into one of the royal suites and perform my royal babysitter duty with better degree of something. I sighed with amusement.
Alien Day 80


Entertainment Room
Heated day with bright sunlight


Sixth day of employment, I was entertained with a new test as the royal body guard protecting the set of whining royal mistresses. I continued to burn my skin with the rays of heated sunlight and burn my mind with a new adventure book, lounging peacefully…naw…annoyingly on top of the chair.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I performed a T-jump up from the sweaty cushion on the patio sofa that held my personal perspiration from sunbathing, racing ahead into the room and shouted out loud. I pointed both hands into the hallway, “Go and get inside your room! Lay on the floor under your beds! Stay there until Nat…”
Za continued to lounge on top of the soft sofa, tapping the button on the remote control devise, flipping through each entertainment program on the comlen, saying with a sneer. “I don’t take orders from a baby sea shrimp.”
I continued to stand and exhaled with annoyance, staring at each female, “Fine! Stay here and get killed! I don’t really give a dang tooty fruity dime.” I spun around and dashed back into the bright sunlight, resuming my sun bathing position on my stomach muscles, closing my eyelashes. I impatiently waited for my prey.
I performed a T-probe with my teleclairvoyance through the air waves and received a T-view within my active mind.
A big piece of dark green Fabric that didn’t match the yellow baby duck-patterned patio chairs detached from one of the matching hunter green tinted plant bushes, slowly scooting through the green, pink, red, and yellow flora courtyard. Then the Green Fabric stood upright on top of the patio in the bright sunlight and stared through the row of black tinted glass windows inside the entertainment room.
On top of the lounge chair, I performed a T-leap from the wet cushion and executed a T-sail through the air kicking a bare foot into cheekbone on the Green Fabric. The female pirate tumbled sideways and then forward and then backwards, stepping down into the deep end on the swimming pool with a loud splash.
Second Green Fabric snuck up and sounded with an incoherent string of words, standing behind Starra.
I didn’t bother asking him to repeat them either. I gracefully spun about facing the fabric and plowed a fist into his big ugly inflamed nostrils behind the green fabric, watching his blood gush on his face, the fabric, and my forearm. Yuck! He tumbled backward from Starra and dropped down inside the swimming pool with a loud splash.
Then, my regular eardrums burst with a sonic boom coming from three carrier ships that had visually dropped down from a blue sky. Each sky pirate departed quickly from Rann and his castle. I sighed with fury.
Man! The set of sky pirates were either very brave or very foolish souls as I watched the commotion. Each modified carrier ship blasted from the skyline as I felt the heat coming from each sonic wave of fast speed, leaving the dirt and then the atmosphere on Commerce.
I ducked down and ate the manicured grass from the plume of whirling and twirling force winds as each patio pebble and tiny grass blade rocked and rolled violently with the stirred intense air waves. I sighed with revenge.
I executed a T-jump up from the grass and spun around to view each glass window into the entertainment room. Each mistress stared back at Starra.
I felt a T-sense with my telepathy a set of new intruders…naw…officers.
Each boy and girl raced down an empty hallway coming from Ivan’s militia core and was decorated in a neatly pressed and ironed blue uniform with a clashing yellow sash dashing through the entrance doors, coming too late, too late, and too little of Starra.
I spun around and dashed ahead, jumping the wall, racing toward my zipper ship.
On the 13th hour (late afternoon), my zipper ship and I chased after each pirate ship and steered toward the Wall. I was a lone star in this outer space play.
I performed a T-flair of my telekinesis slamming my zipper through the small hole that quickly expanded into a larger hold, sailing between two walls of solid rock. I sighed with recklessness.
I performed a T-scan with my teleclairvoyance. The attacks, the raids, and the pirate came from the asteroid which was really the destroyed and damaged Planet Resort from the second alien timeline.
I accelerated beyond hyper-speed using a T-speed of telekinesis, firing a blue stunner maser ray at the last ship trailing behind a parade of two carriers and two zippers. I hoped to capture one of the live pirates for a long vocal maybe physical interrogation, after threatening my body and my man.
I missed the zipper ship and fired a second maser ray and missed the same ship for a second time with confusion. I fired a third ray and miss the same zipper ship for a third time. That zipper pilot was very good.
“Very odd indeed!” I cocked my skull and pressed the button, ordering the pilot to surrender. Else I would blast out a red colored maser ray.
Then, I actually fired a red maser shot over the rooftop on the last zipper and then accurately hit the Wall, missing the zipper on purpose and watched helplessly as the red beam ricocheted off the Wall.
The Wall was a solid mass formation which was magically positioned between the two sun solar systems and composed of hard rock, space debris, and numerous items of floating crappy trash within the active universe.
My red bean reversed its deadly direction and tapped with precision one of the flying zipper ships, causing the engine to overheat and then prettily exploded in my face while taking out the parade of escaping starships in a big red, yellow, blue ball of fiery ashes.
“Stang!” I sneered and viewed numerous hand-sized metal sizzling heated fragments within cold and dark outer space feeling a rain shower of heated metal down my rooftop. I lifted a T-shield and protect my butt.
I reversed the gear and flew backwards through outer space, heading back to Rann’s castle on Planet Commerce. There must have been a bomb hidden inside the compartment on each starship that I had missed with my T-powers. I sighed with caution.
Back on Planet Commerce, the royal property of Prince Rann, I parked on the second green colored concrete tier at the royal castle and scooted off the leather seat, leaving the hatchway door open. I slowly moved down an empty hallway of green hue and hummed a new musical tone, viewing a tall and wide obstacle that blocked my intended path back to the entertainment room.
Ivan stood in the middle of the same hallway on purpose, exhaling with sinus problems, sneering at Starra, “May I have a word with you inside my office, Commander!” He spun around with a sour frown without waiting for her vocal response, moving down the same hallway.
“Stang!” I whispered for my eardrums only. Trouble came twice or thrice today. I couldn’t keep up the math count. I slowly trailed behind Ivan with a smile. Rann would help me. I sighed with favorite girl.
Ivan turned to the side wall and entered into an empty room with an empty desk, spinning around, standing in front of the empty desk.
I entered through a curved purple archway and scooted around the chair, flipping my walking shorts underneath my legs, lowering my butt down to the padded chair.
“Don’t bother sitting in the chair!”
I halted mid-way and then soldierly stood upright with my wounded pride, biting my pink tongue, staring at Ivan in silence.
The old military officer had gained additional weight around the middle gut from too many good meals and more missing hair strands from baldness which was an inherited gene.
Ivan sneered. “You have disobeyed orders from me for the last time.”
I didn’t understand his statement, because I didn’t get an order from Ivan to fly out and destroy the ships. I did this mess-up on my own as my mouth formed the letter O in silence.
He exhaled with a smile. “You’re fired.”
I did understand that statement, since I felt shock, stunned, hurt, mad, anger, and unemployed. I sighed with regret.
I gracefully pirouetted and faced the hallway wall. Girls pirouetted. Boys pivoted. I slowly moved ahead, not slouching either one of my collar bones like a coward or crying like a baby. But I wanted to.
I exited the room and turned to face the elevators that led to my new cool royal room with the oversized king sized bed mattress and outside balcony.
He shouted out loud from the interior room. “Don’t bother collecting your personal items! They are located at the Inn right now.”  
I gracefully pirouetted around and faced the exit door, slowly moving back to my zipper ship and my new home, the Inn. I sighed with defeat.


14th hour (late afternoon)
The Inn location
Heated day with bright sunlight


Inside my standard rented hotel room of indigo hue, I entered the space and slammed the door shut in angry, jerking the elegant, long gray colored gown from each one of my fashion heels, tripping over my feet. I slowly moved ahead and whined with a sad face. “Well, that promising waitress job is a total loss!”
I had failed to wow the Inn manager with my shining personality and my stunning good looks as he was a she. Rann believed inequality for a working woman. I sighed with depression.
I stopped and sat down on top of the bed mattress, puddling the long gown over the floor, staring down at the new carpet. I felt really depressed and really worried. I had lost my good paying job with good paying currs for food and shelter, acting on my awesome instinct, instead of obeying my superior’s stupid order.
Grandma Starbelt had warned me about this un-healthy teeny bop behavior as a teen when I had lived on Planet Earth.
Wait!
I was a teenage of seventeen years and missed my farm, my friends, and my life. I sighed with depression.
“Bot, how is the blog search going for new employment? Or a better question, how is the food search going for a plate of hot or cold or warm food? I’ve not eaten since yesterday.” 
Bot stood in the middle of the floor like a bathroom trashcan and displayed an array blinking red and blue lights inside its belly window, staring with its two teacup eyeballs at Starra. “The comlens and the comfones are jammed and then split open relaying constant unintelligent chatter throughout the air waves. I cannot find a clean space line to inquire about your future employment as zipper pilot, Commander Starra.”
“Ugh! Don’t call me that!”
“What am I not supposed to call you, Commander Starra?”
I exhaled. “Explain your previous statement!” My growling stomach cried out for a plate of hot or cold or warm food and as I dropped down and rested on my back spine on top of the soft mattress, closing my eyelashes to the matching indigo ceiling paint.
“I cannot.” Bot droned.
“That’s odd. You cannot explain something. I thought every robot in every galaxy had an answer for everything that is especially not explained. Didn’t you think that’s odd too? You cannot explain about the unexplained, Bot.” I exhaled with silliness.
“I cannot explain about the unexplained, Commander Starra.”
I wished the robot would cease calling out that name. It pained my ego too much as I missed Rann. I exhaled with annoyance. “That is a profound statement, not a plate of food. Try and give me a hypothesis of why the space lines are jammed. We can solve it together. How’s that, Bot?”
“I speculate the intragalactic communications on Commence are being blocked. However, I cannot speculate as to the reason why intragalactic communications on Commence are being blocked” Bot droned.
“You cannot speculate. Do you need your circuits re-booted or re-bathed or re-oiled or re-something? Because, my metal friend, I’m definitely really worried about me.” I giggled as I worried about Bot too.
“I cannot answer that inquiry.” Bot droned.
“Okay. Can you theorize here! Gimme some common type blockages impacting intragalactic communications on Commerce.” I sighed with frustration.
“One blockage type is to schedule multi-citizen usage at multi-times.” Bot drones.
“Hold that electronic thought! Folks talk way too much on their individual and professional comlens. However, that should not cause a major communication outage.”
“Second blockage type is to schedule sever weather patterns of violent thunder storms with electronic lightning.” Bot drones.
I sat upright and turned to view the glass window which was filled with white fluffy clouds and numerous yellow sun rays on the 100th floor of the Inn. “I see baby blue skies without a single streak of yellow colored lightning bolt. Hit me again!”
“Third type is to schedule invasion on Commerce.”
I leaped up from the messy bed and shouted out loud with worry. “Let’s go, Bot.” I dashed ahead and exited the room, sliding down into the pilot seat. I could land my personal starship on the exterior balcony and I did while getting the hatchway door open for an escape or an emergency.
Bot slowly twirled around in the air and stared at Starra. “Where are you going, Commander Starra?” It did not move or blink or wink or exhale.
I reached down and pressed the button as the three afterburners roared into life. I yelled over the engine noise. “We’re going to rescue Rann.”
“You are rescuing Prince Rann. Who are you rescuing Prince Rann from?” Bot slowly floated from the room and traveled over the rooftop, landing down inside the passenger seat of the zipper ship.
“Pirates!” I pressed the button and launched the ship from the flat balcony. “Hold on!”
Bot wobbled side to side without the webbing around its metal can and droned out loud. “That warning is too late, Commander Starra!”
I raced the zipper with Bot yelling out loud towards the royal castle of Prince Rann with worry.
On top of the castle dirt in red hue, I landed my zipper among numerous inactive and active ships and then opened the door, scooting from the pilot chair, surveying the grounds. Thousands of people had gathered to see and hear commotion. An array of blaring sirens coupled with an assortment of vocal high pitched whistles came through the closed gates on Rann’s castle.
I slowly elbowed my way through the crowd and scanned the landscape with puzzlement. “When did the castle get a set of gates? Who closed the gates?” I sighed with confusion.
I shoved my body and stood beside a fifteen-foot high concrete wall that surrounded the castle campus then performed a T-leap from the ground and executed a T-jump over an eleven-foot high concrete gate plus the four-feet thick set of barbed wired fence, wearing my formal gray evening gown. I sigh with nuisance.
I deftly landed down on my two fashionable high-heeled sandals, pulling out my dagger from the hidden ribbon and tugged at the hemline, cutting two inches off the bottom along with the long train. I raced ahead toward a new hiding spot. I sigh with spyness.
Rann’s castle ground was crawling with royal honor guards, Militia police officers, and Sahara prison guards, since Ivan had panicked with distress and every citizen had showed up at the castle to see the nosy and noisy commotion.
I dashed ahead towards the royal flower gardens and observed the litter of playfully Purr kittens hide underneath the plant bushes directly behind two Gbots. I slowly my pace and then calmly strolled to the mistresses with a smile.
The closest Gbot or royal guard robot drones in a baritone timber and raised a black colored maser at her golden freckles on Starra. “Halt! Identify yourself!”
“Don’t worry! I’m a long time friend of the girls.” I grinned.
“Stop! Or you will be wounded!” A second Gbot floated side to side and announced in a thick baritone accent. A Gbot robot was seven feet of a slender silver metal which appeared like a rectangular-shaped figure without a head or a pair of eyeballs or an open mouth with teeth, only a baritone tuba voice box that sounded like Ivan. It displayed and used thick metal limbs on each one of its three arms and four legs. Each hand and foot contained three thick metal digits holding each a single red tinted maser. I sighed with annoyance.
I performed a T-shove with my telekinesis at the elegant… naw…annoying first and then second Gbot robot into the hard, solid stone wall. Each Gbot broke some of the smooth purple colored stone and then dropped down into the garden of purple flowers, flinging a plume of white thick steam out from each busted vent. 
“Do you mean like that?” I smiled and turned to view each female. “Is everyone all right?”
Each female stood in a row with a red face and rolling tears of worry. Mistress Za answered first like always and pointed back into the castle. “We’re fine. But Rann is trapped inside the castle. You have to hurry, Starra. No one can get inside the interior wall and rescue him. The pirates are here to kidnap Rann. They will capture and harm him, if he is found.”
“I believe you, Za.” I spun around and quickly surveyed each covered entrance with a royal guard and every open pathway with a police office while using a T-touch of telepathy. I sighed with plot-ness.
“What are you going to do, Starra?” Mistress Eis moved ahead and stood beside Starra, staring at the castle.
“I need some type of diversion for entertaining each one of Ivan’s guards, so I can sneak into the castle.” I pointed to the wall.
Za rushed ahead and shoved Starra sideways, dashing ahead, yelling out loud with a smile. “I’ll create a diversion for you. Get ready to make your move!” She dashed ahead and waved her hand, shouting out loud. “Hurry, Starra!”
I gasped in shock from Za’s courage and then raced ahead toward a neatly trimmed row of low-lying green plant bushes, sliding down over the manicured grass, folding my body down into the dirt. I hid in sheath mode and scanned the surroundings, scouting the next hiding space which looked like a large container that could house a zipper ship.
I swiftly stood and folded over at the waistline and dashed ahead in my heels, handing the hem of the dress, smashing my folded body into the smooth metal container. I squatted down into the dirt and then sneezed. I sniffed the air waves with a loud groan. “Now, I understand completely.” The odd odor came from the royal trash receptacle.
Wonderful!
I hoped I did not attract bugs, pests, or pirates while seeking an entrance door into the guarded castle. I sighed with annoyance.
My regular eardrums heard a series of girly scream. Za had caused something wonderful near the garden flowers while each one of the royal guards swiftly fled and left an unprotected post at the castle archway.
“I owe you one, Za.” I stood upright and dashed in my fashion heels toward the closed door. I performed a T-push with my telekinesis on the locked door. It opened wide with a soft creak. I dashed inside and raced down an empty hallway with curiosity.
I veered along the side wall and slammed into a hidden exit door with held a hidden staircase, climbing up the steps, exiting on the second floor. I slowly followed a dark hallway and dropped down in a cockroach-crawling pose hugging the wall corner and then halted with worry. I performed a T-scan with my telepathy viewing each interior naked wall, empty hallway, and the numerous hidden secret passages with the royal castle.
Old dead King Rex had been a deceptive and scared person.
I successfully located Rann on the third floor inside his private royal chamber on the first try, yeah, baby. I executed a T-see with my teleclairvoyance.


Two rows of ugly pirates are marching through the front doors of the castle, heading toward Rann’s bedroom.

Then they will stop and bang on the metal hinges with a set of heavy clubs at the door.


I cut off the Tele-dream. I sighed with future fury.
I swiftly stood upright from the hallway floor and held the hemline on my long gown, racing down an empty hallway, gliding to the side wall and slammed into another exit door. I performed a Tele-leap and landed with a T-hop on the fifth step from the floor base, repeating the pattern and then halted outside the closed door. I performed a T-scan with my telepathy for a deadly object or a deadly pirate. The exterior hallway was clear.
I darted through the door and dashed down an empty hallway again, whispering for my eardrums only. “Where are the royal guards? What are they guarding? O! The rose garden is protected. Awesome!”
I stopped and leaned into the side wall, listening for any noise, slamming my body into the next hidden exit door. The door didn’t move. It was locked from the inside.
“An inside job,” I softly giggled for my eardrums only.
I executed a T-twist with my telekinesis on the interior door knob. The hidden door slowly creaked open. I narrowed my eyelashes from the beams of bright sunlight and entered the bedroom, seeing a fuzzy figure, hearing a nasty timber.
“You!” Rann stood in the middle of his green colored bedroom and stared at Starra in a gray evening gown. He wore his traditional white vest without a shirt or sleeves, a matching pair of trousers, and a shiny pair of black colored knee boots. He jabbed a finger with a sour frown of annoyance and then rolled his eyeballs, returning back to see Starra.
I slowly moved ahead and dropped down the hemline onto the floor as the exit door slammed shut in silence behind my button hole. I extended both of my arms outward with a wide smile of beauty. The long gown became tangled into my fashion sandals and as I tripped over my big feet inside the long hem with a giggle and stopped with a grin, catching my balance with a T-hold. “I’m here.”
He spun around with a grunt and moved back to the side wall which was empty of smaller pieces of furniture. “What are you doing in here, Starra?” He stopped and leaned down, lifting up a foot stool from the floor, flexing his biceps spinning around and moved back tot eh entrance door.
The entrance door contained three individual green colored wooden doors which held an array of stacked individual bedroom furniture pieces that was arranged to block an army of one or two pirates from entering the room, maybe.
I mentally pondered Rann’s selected pile of junk piece against three rows of ugly pirates with an individual club which was not going to work in saving his royal skin and my body.
I dropped down my arms, slapped my legs, and then halted, shaking my curls with a smile. “I’m here looking for you.” I continued to stand and surveyed the room. The sleeping chamber was extremely tall and extremely wide with a cathedral ceiling in purple hue. A giant bed set was framed with a row of dark purple colored drapes. The rest of the room displayed traditional bedroom furniture items in super-giant size in purple hue.
Old dead King Rex loved the color of purple.
“Well, you found me, in here. What’s next step, Starra?” Rann returned back and continued to lift and pile furniture pieces on top of the stack of items creating a series of loud thumps, bangs, and bongs. Then the expensive wood popped away from the archway at the top.
“I suggest that we hide.” I spun around and pointed inside the open wardrobe closet.
Rann stood in front of the broken wooden door with a huff and spun around, dashing ahead toward the opposite side wall, reaching out. He grabbed her waving hand, pulling Starra behind his back spine toward the solid wall.
I waved my hand in the air and performed a T-grab at the torn hemline on my evening gown keeping a slow pace behind Rann. I executed a T-flair with my telekinesis to keep from falling down on my pretty face.
He stopped and tapped on the same side wall with my hidden passageway. A new hidden panel slid sideways and revealed another new hidden passage way inside the interior of the castle.
I needed a bot to keep up with all the secret exit doors and hidden passage ways inside the royal castle. I sighed with royal orientation.
Rann continued to hold her hand with worry and led ahead, swiftly moving down each step in silence with an enclosed chamber of naked concrete in vanilla hue without snakes, spiders, and spies.
“We’re descending down.” I frowned with worry and followed Rann with puzzlement and worry regarding the end point of the hidden tunnel. Rann had been exploring the castle during the nighttime without me.
“I know that.” He continued down with a stern face and carefully viewed each step with care for her safety and protection.
“We’re descending to the lower levels.”
“I know that.”
“We’re descending to the lower levels filled with pirates.”
“I know that.”
“We’re descending to the lower levels filled with pirates to fight.”
“I know that.”
“This is a stupid plan.” I frowned.
He halted on the step and swiftly pivoted, sliding his hand grabbing both of her arms. He hugged Starra into his naked chest and sweet breathed over her hair roots.
I stared at his set of taunt muscles first, then looked up to his face second, and finally his worried eyeballs.
He stared into her silver tinted eyeballs and whispered his warm breath on her cheek. “The last time I checked here I was prince of the universe.”
“I know that.” I frowned.
“You are my bodyguard.” Rann whispered.
“I know that.”
“I am familiar with the layout of the castle.”
“I know that.”
“I am leading this expedition.” Rann orders.
“I know that.”
“I am going to get us out this situation.” Rann decides.
“I know…”
Rann spun around to face the staircase and slid his hand down to her palm, pulling her back down each step in silence.
I softly whispered. “…it ain’t going to work.”
“Do you have any more questions, Starra?” He shouted out loud and moved swiftly down the staircase that led towards the ground floor.
I stumbled down the last two concrete steps and landed hard down on a green color concrete floor, tangling my gown around both of my kneecaps and my three-inched high shoes again. I released his hand and un-wrapped my covered limbs from the torn and smelly gown. I sighed with annoyance.
I stood upright and leaned into his back spine, smelling his woody cologne while staring through the same small glass window. The small glass window displayed a starship workshop which was filled with a set of working and operating zippers, carriers, and passenger ships. I performed a T-probe with my telepathy striking each roaming pirate while feeling each pirate’s weapon too. I gasped in worry and pulled back my Tele probe.
Rann reached out and carefully twisted the door knob, opening the metal door, leading outside the workshop. I followed behind and stared at some of the roaming pirates near the garage door, whispering with worry into his eardrum. “Where are the weapons?”
“There are no weapons, Commander. This is a time of peace and harmony inside the galaxy.” Rann slowly moved ahead toward the side door behind each ship while waiting the huddle of pirates also.
“I guess someone forgot to tell the gang of ugly and smelly pirates who are invading your castle that little tidbit of Intel.” I stared at the same huddle of pirates with worry. One spun around and viewed the wall that held Starra and Rann. I sighed with bad luck.
A spray of blue colored maser fire discharged from each weapon and then murderously hit the poor green colored concrete wall above my silver colored hair roots. I wasn’t harmed. I sighed with annoyance.
Rann swiftly spun around and dropped down, covering his precious body over Starra while dropping both of them down on the hard floor. I grunted in pain. He covered her body with his body.
I whispered into his sweaty cheekbone. “I thought they wanted to capture you.”
“I guess someone forget to tell them that tidbit of Intel also.” He whispered back into her sweaty brow.
“Now, what’s the next step?”
“We retreat.”
I croaked with worry and annoyance into his sweaty face. “Retreat! We just came down.”
“We just go back up the stairwell.” He scooted off Starra and then stood upright on top of the floor, leaning down, touching her arms. He jerked Starra upright into his naked chest with a soft grunt of pleasure without fear. They stood together for a few seconds behind the freight starship as numerous blue rays continued to kill the concrete wall. Each stone chip burned the concrete and then dropped down on top of the young couple.
I wobbled inside his chest on my broken pair of sandals with a puff of annoyance.
He back stepped and examined her body in silence as the bombardment of blue rays and falling chips dropped down from the ceiling.
Behind the starship, I frowned. “Man, do you really need a bodyguard?” I cocked my curls sideways at Rann. “What!”
“Your dress!” He surveyed her dirty long gown with worry.
“What about the dress?” I looked down and smiled at my wiggling blue colored toe nails.
“I have noted that you are lagging behind dash.”
I exhaled with annoyance. “Then leave me behind your dash. I’m your bodyguard. I’ll be the decoy for your escape in one of many unprotected zippers.”
He gasped. “No! I’m not leaving you behind my dash.” Rann laughed, “We’ll fight them together. However …” He surveyed the dress again and dropped down and bowed at her feet.
No joke!
Rann is bowing down at my feet. And I like it.
I wiggled side to side and wore a sour frown. “If I could shorten the length, then I would.”
“Allow me!” He jerked out his personal silver tinted dagger with a chuckle and held the deadly weapon near his cheekbone. “Spread them.”
“I beg your pardon.” I gasped in shock.
“I don’t want to nick your long legs.” Rann laughed. I re-positioned my legs far apart according. He reached down and sliced a long vertical slit down the middle of her gown and then a short horizontal cut above her kneecaps.
I gagged my spit and watched the cut fabric hit the floor, feeling the cold air on my naked kneecaps and part of my upper thigh skin, yelling out loud. “You cut it too short.”
Rann stood upright and leaned over, covering her mouth, shaking his skull side. He whispered with a smile. “No, it’s not.” He removed his hand and slid down, grabbing her hand, dashing back to the exit door.
I swung around with fury and shouted out loud, “Yeah!” The gang of ugly pirates knew that I was here with Rann anyways. I yelled. “Yes, it’s too short.”
He chuckled. “There’s always a critic in the crowd.”
“I’m not criticizing. It’s too short.” A spray of blue maser fire slammed into the concrete wall above my hair roots.
He opened the door with a chuckle. “Up we go!” He climbed each step.
I performed a T-whip with my telekinesis and retrieve a pair of used weapons from an individual stunned pirate, slamming the tip on the weapon into his back spine with a laugh. “Here! Let it never be said that I don’t shower you with gifts.”
Rann gasped in shock and spun around to face Starra, looking down with a smile, reaching out for a sword and a black maser from her with a frown. “Well, this is awkward. I didn’t get you a thing.” He chuckled.
I shoved his chest away from my face with a laugh.
He spun around and sliced the sword blade through the air, killing the spider webs with a hardy laugh, moving up each step to the next level.
On the second floor, I cautiously climbed up each step and followed behind Rann, moving from the staircase and into a lighted hallway of green tinted paint.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Rann dashed ahead of Starra and stopped, engaging in a sword fight with three individual pirates with his precious life.
I raced ahead for the rescue and swiftly jumped backward against solid side wall as the single angry pirate with a single nasty golden tinted saber sliced his blade downward in the air barely missing my face.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I growled. “I know that.” I engaged the real bloody fight with my sword and my telekinesis, slicing the female pirate and her pretty blade neatly in one-half vertically. Her blood, her guts and the metal door parted also and then splattered over the floor, on top of the ceiling, on the side wall and on Starra.
Yucko!
Rann finished his bloody job and his row of annoying pirates, back stepping, reaching out. He grabbed her arm and dashed ahead to the next side door, shouting out loud. “Up we go!”
We climbed each step and quickly exited a new door, standing inside a lighted hallway of green paint.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I leaped to the side wall and dropped down on the dirty floor as an ugly pirate fired a green maser wave at the solid wall and missed Starra.
I performed a T-leap from the floor and executed a T-dodge in the air, sailing to each side wall with ease and a tiny giggle while avoiding the burn of death. I floated ahead and faced a row of five snarling pirates that readied a new maser tip at my face.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I know that!” I growled and performed a T-shield around my body and executed a T-flair with my telekinesis, retrieving each weapon into both of my cupped hands, pitching each weapon into a side room around the wall corner.
Then I performed a T-leap toward the ceiling and dropped down, slicing my saber at the air, charging at the row of pirates. I halted and waved a free hand in the air.
On the row of pirates, each uniform, belt, limbs, fingers, and blood filled each side wall, the floor, and the ceiling. The upright and healthy row of six pirates slowly retreated from Starra and spun around, swiftly racing back down the hallway.
I smiled, “Smart gals and guys!”
Rann finished his bloody task and stood in place, exhaling with exhaustion.
I landed down on the floor and then slowly paced to Rann, standing beside his nose profile, wiping off the blood and flesh from the dead pirates from my body and my ruined dress. I smiled. “I don’t really understand why you need a bodyguard, Rann. You did a dog-gone good job of elimination with your enemies without bothering to ask me.” I lifted up and held the maser weapon near my grin.
Rann laughed out loud and wiped off the blood and sweat from his forehead and neck with a smile. “Maybe, I wanted to see if you could handle the job that I hired you for.” I smirked in silence. He moved ahead down an empty but bloody hallway and pointed at the side wall with a smile. “Up we go!”
I was beginning to hate that infamous quote as we exit the doorway.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
On the third floor level, lines of pirates stood against each purple colored side wall crawling like a fire ant and then charged Starra.
I stood in place and twirled twin sabers simultaneously at the row of advancing pirates and then left a dirty garage trail of scattered body parts, moving ahead to a new hidden door. I obeyed Rann and traveled up a different hidden staircase to the next level.
On the fourth floor, I exited the green colored door and stopped with a gasp of annoyance inside the purple colored hallway.
Rann appeared and reached out, jerking Starra down on the floor, firing his maser over her head. He killed the row of pirates.
I flipped over and landed on my back spine and smiled at my fighting partner. “Thanks!”
“Welcome!” He leaned down and grabbed her waistline, jerking her upright, cuddling Starra.
We dashed down the hallway and entered another hidden doorway on the side wall.
On the fifth floor level, I exited the door into a new purple hallway and swung my saber sideways into a row of advancing pirates and executed a T-shield with my telekinesis around me and Rann.
Rann and I marched down the hallway and fired out streams of blue colored maser waves at each individual pirate pulling them to sleep, not death.
Rann stopped and touched the hidden doorway, revealing a new staircase again.
I stood with a puzzled brow behind his back spine and pointed at the new escape rout. “How in…?”
He reached back and grabbed her hand, dragging Starra up the staircase.
I dashed ahead and collided into his back spine with a giggle.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I growled with frustration and talked to the air waves. “I know that.
He exhaled. “What! I didn’t catch your statement.”
“I know that there are more of them up there!”
He exhaled, “Yeah!”
We exited the new floor without a single pirate on the seventh and top level floor inside the castle in the color of purple hue. I slowly climbed up each purple painted stone step with my tired, achy, smelly upright body and stopped, standing inside a curved archway, scanning the empty observation room.


I mentally back flashed past within the first alien timeline, when King Rex had convicted, trialed, and sentenced me as an alien from Planet Earth to die by hanging by my neck muscles inside the gallows.


I slowly moved ahead and circled the tiny room of green paint within 3.4 seconds of my limited time on a pair of naked feet, panting with a set of heavy breathes. There was not a single exit door or another staircase or a secret passageway in here. I sighed with panic.
I halted and stared at the back spine on Rann, who was the target of capture or assassination or worse.
Rann slowly dropped down to an empty green colored concrete floor inside the tiny room and sat down on his naked kneecaps, chin whipping his face down into his chest, exhaling in heavy breathes. His body exhibited a set of heavy red bloody splatterings from each limb also.
When your body stood ten inches away from a moving deadly weapon, your fragile body displayed and then ached in a series of pink cuts, blue bruises, red nicks, and pretty ugly wound gashes.
His sleeveless and dirty white colored vest was torn into shreds along with his matching white and dirty colored trousers, exposing each naked arm and leg muscle. A nasty geometric diagonal displayed on his forehead.
However, Rann was still alive as I was doing a good job body guarding on the prince.
I conducted a T-scan physically and medically my own body, feeling aches in some places that the sun didn’t shine, viewing minor blue bruises, red scratches, my torn dress and my missing shoes. My naked arms were decorated in a numerous geometric lines of bright pink cuts, orange-red nicks, and black and blue bruises. I sighed with exhaustion.
I needed a new plan to save our rear ends.
Think. Think fast. Think faster.
My mental light bulb finally brightened with brilliance and as I smiled. I slowly moved ahead and lifted up my maser weapon, firing out a red colored ray, killing the concrete wall. I quickly outlined an eight feet high by eight feet wide by two feet deep geometric shape around the piece of clean shiny glass which formed a new frame on the side wall. The glass slowly popped out and as I performed a T-catch with my telekinesis, levitating the fragile glass down on top of the tile floor.
I was not worried about Rann’s two spying eyeballs which could see my magic trick, looking back over a collar bone to view him.
He continued to kneel on the floor and exhaled out a set of musical huffs and puffs from his exhaustive combat fighting. The lower levels contained numerous dead bodies, compliments of impressive his fighting skills.
I retuned back and viewed my homemade semi-curved wooden archway and as my pair of Tele eardrums heard the march of heavy footfalls from a gang of pirates coming from the elevator which was located below the stone staircase.
The rushed gang of new and freshly charged pirates marched up to the tower room. I sighed with hurry.
I leaned over and felt thrilled, viewing the manicured green grass from 150 feet above ground zero.
I ain’t afraid of heights, ya’ll.
I performed a T-toss with my teleclairvoyance and mentally pitched out the question on my life survival into the metaphysical air waves, hearing back a faint reply: Yes. Works for me!
I spun around with a grin and nodded to Rann in silence. He looked up with a sigh and shook his black skull at Starra exhibiting fright and disbelief. He slowly stood upright and held both palms near his jaw line, stating with authority to Starra. “No! No! And no! Neither one of us will survive the eminent fall down to ground zero. You have gone loco, Starra.”
Rann thinks like me! “I believe this to be our only option, Rann.” I thumbed back over my collar bone to the open window pane.
He exhaled with worry. “I am the king. I will surrender.”
I smiled. “We don’t have time for you to surrender.”
“I am…”
Each pirate dashed up the staircase with a set of loud thuds and almost entered the small room firing out a string of blue maser shots at the body on Starra, then Rann, and finally the forward wall which ate the concrete with permanently red colored burnt marks.
Rann twisted around and faced the open archway without a door but with a kingly stand-off holding his sword upright in front of his sneer.
I reached out and grabbed his bloody bicep, twisting him around to face the open window, yelling out loud for fun. “Geronimo!”
Rann gasped in fear and then screamed into Starra’s eardrums from fear, fright, and worry.
I performed a T-dash with Rann and then executed a T-leap out the open window hole feeling the cool breeze on my sweaty body first, blinded by the bright sunlight in my eyeballs second and finally falling downward in space and time last. I woman-pulled Rann into my breasts and cuddled his body, performing a T-shield around both of us for love and protection.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
Rann and I quickly dropped down from the 150 feet high mark at the open window ledge and plummeted down toward the soil at five miles-per-hour. I performed a T-descent and slowed our steady fall, gently performing a T-land on top of the green colored hay pile inside a broken down farm wagon.
“Works for me!” I whispered into his cheekbone with a snigger and continued to cradle an unconscious Rann into my body. I sighed with relief.
I gently guided a set of bare feet and a pair of boot soles down into the rough feeling hay stack and then halted upright on top of the soft landing, folding his body down into a curl on the bed of yellow colored field hay. I released Rann with a smile and leaned down, tapping a sisterly kiss on his sweaty cheekbone. 
He didn’t know but I did.
I pulled back with a smile and squatted down, rolling over the hay stack, falling off the hay wagon. I stood upright with a smile on top of the dirt in my pair of bare feet. I left Rann inside the hay wagon for safety. 
The day was bright and sun with a pale blue skyline and white colored clouds. A light breeze brushed against my hair and my dress while drying some of the wet blood and body sweat.
Maybe, Rann and I could leave and go on a sweet picnic trip during the lunch meal today as I had just saved his life.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
My eyeball witnessed the event. A fast pair of chapped red colored hands reached out and grabbed unconscious Rann out from the wagon. I performed a T-vault from the ground and a T-fly over the length of the wagon, landing in front of an unknown female with a bad short haircut of part red and brown tone, a pair of sunglasses over each eyeball, and a sharp blue colored jumpsuit over her tall body frame with a pair of matching ankle boots.
I stood in place with a sneer and brushed off the strands of itchy hay from my damaged dress and out of my gray messy hair. “What are you? Who are you? Why are you here? I thought here that I…”
“Stop! Don’t move, lady!” The ugly female pirate shouted out loud. I sighed with shock.
All right! I missed a hiding person pirate that had grabbed Rann. 
Give me a break! 
I could not perform two miracles at the same time, but I loved a cat fight between two females using my secretive Tele powers. I sighed with fury.
The new female pirate displayed a sharp hand dart at Rann’s naked throat while smiling at Starra in silence of a bodily death act.
I performed a T-probe with my telepathy scanning a healthy and deadly dart. The dart was alive and dotted with dripping venom from a Sahara sand snake. I recalled one tiny touch of snake venom will kill Rann within three seconds.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I exhaled, “Yes, I know that. I can see that.”
She sneered at Starra. “What did you say? Did you threaten me?”
I frowned. “I ain’t talking to you. I’m talking to me,” laughing.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
A second sneaky pirate in a matching blue jumpsuit with partially blonde and black hair roots and a pair of sunglasses stood behind my back spine as she was too slow and I was too quick. I back jumped and landed down on her foot with an evil laugh, spinning around, popping her jaw with my folded fist, knocking her dart needle from her hand. I plowed my other fist into her surprised ugly face knocking the woman unconscious. I sighed with victory.
I spun around to see Rann and the first pirate, who stood and cuddled with danger. She wiggled the deadly dart against the naked skin on Rann with an evil grin while warning Starra. “Don’t move a muscle! Or the prince is dead.”
I exhaled with annoyance and my singular mental thought. That had to be the mostest, dumbest understated sentence within the universe.
The prince will die. Not! 
The set pirates were not only ugly, but stupid. I sighed with wrath.
A flashing light caught my eyeball coming from the rear wall on the castle, displaying half of a handsome face that was peeking around the wall corner with an attached half-arm. The wiggled half-arm was signaling Starra to stay put, since it was Ty’s face and arm. He had created a rescue plan and wore his green colored vest and matching trousers.
I planned to aid Ty also. I wiggled side to side and frowned at the pirate with my great actress talents, “Please don’t hurt the prince. Please take me with you instead of him! Yeah! Instead of him let it be me!” I softly giggled
She spat out her mouth salvia over her parted lips and onto his cheekbone. “We don’t want you, lady. We want the fine prince. Now, move out of my way, lady. Or he is dead for shore,” she wrinkled her nose holes and wiggled her one earlobe. The other one was missing or cut off or underdeveloped.
I gasped in shock at her entertaining body parts and whipped both of my palms near my smile, “Okay! Okay! I’m moving out of the way. Please don’t hurt the prince.”
Ty moved like a stalking tiger on his two palms and kneecaps and slowly crawled on her blind side, jumping upright on the grass, wrapping his biceps around her body.
“No!” The female screamed out loud and plunged the dart down into Rann’s forearm, cutting a deep gash on his skin. The needle tip injected the deadly venom from the glass tube. Red blood gushed brightly in the sun and over his white vest.
Ty shoved the pirate to the side and hugged an unconscious Rann before the prince hit the ground and brutally yanked out the needle tip from the meaty part on Rann’s arm. I sighed with concern.
The female pirate stumbled backwards and then raced forward to Starra. I reared back a folded fist and punched it into her non-wiggling nose bridge. She beautifully wobbled sideways and then collapsed down on the grass.
I whispered. “Payback is great!” I sighed with joy.
Zombie Rann was folded onto the grass with Ty kneeling over the body with worry.
I dashed ahead and slid down, kneeling beside Ty, staring down at Rann.
Ivan appeared in his tan colored uniform and stood over the hair roots on both Ty and Starra.
A Bbot or a silver tinted cylinder-shaped biomedical robot swiftly floated behind Ivan and then stopped, lowering down beside Rann, quickly treating with its deftly metal appendages and precision small instruments the bloody wound on the prince. It worked and droned for each pair of human eardrums. “I have extracted the deadly snake venom and the contaminated blood from Prince Rann’s biological system. However, Prince Rann needs fresh blood which is a blood transfusion immediately, if he is to survive this field surgical procedure without a death act.”
Ivan huffed and puffed with concern on his overweight body, staring down at Rann. “A blood transfusion or he will die. Is that what you are saying, Bbot?”
I stared down at Rann in silence. I was not a medical nurse but a Tele Mistress.
Bbot stood in the grass and droned, staring down at its patient. “You are correct, General Ivan. Prince Rann will die without an immediate bout of fresh blood from a blood transfusion.”
Ty ripped off his shirt from his elbow down to his wrist bone, preparing for the blood release in silence. I continued to stare down at Rann as I did not like pointy needles, spilling blood protein or overweight Ivan. Ty nodded. “Take my blood.”
Ivan reached down and opened his pressed and ironed dark blue tunic revealing a wet smelly undershirt. I gagged from the bitter odor and held my nostrils. Ivan extended a naked, fat forearm toward Bbot. “I will donor my blood for Rann first.”
Bbot continued to sit on top of the grass and looked up to see Ivan, shaking its metal limb, droning for each pair of eardrums. “Neither one of you are Prince Rann’s blood type. I cannot use your blood.”
Ivan stomped closer to the Bbot but kicked the grass with angry, spitting out mouth salvia in the air as it landed on Rann and the ground. I gagged from the vile mouth performance. Ivan yelled out loud.  “I do not have time for this theoretical debate, Bbot. Rann is going to die without prompt medical action. Who has his blood type?”
Bbot swung its deadly pointy appendage at Starra. “She has.”
I looked up and gasped at Bbot. I was not certain about this impromptu medical blood transfusion thing as I was usually a very generous person but not today. I whined and pointed down at Rann. “No! Take Rann to the hospital and get blood from someone else.”
Ivan leaned over and mouth spat into her silver hair roots. “There’s no time, Starra. Rann needs your blood, Commander Starra. That’s a direct order.”
I sat upright on my bruised kneecaps and crossed my bruised arms, shaking my curls, closing my eyelashes. “I’m not in the Militia, Ivan. You cannot order me around anymore.”
“Then I’ll ask nicely for you to donor your blood to save your king.” Ivan growled
I continued to shake my messy curls with a pair of closed eyelashes. “No!” I was logical here. I was the alien living here within a new galaxy. I possessed alien blood, so my alien blood might make Rann sick or kill him, since Rosa had never answered my numerous outstanding questions about me as an alien here.
I could not give my blood to Rann or Ty or Ivan. I was the alien and each one would die. I didn’t want to take that life chance, because Rann will survive on space station Bio wile receiving treatment from someone else but me.
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
“Ouch!” I sneered and turned to see my vicious attacker. “B…” The skin wound puncture swiftly produced a puddle of my heated red colored blood proteins coming from the sharp tip on the needle which had been administrated on my arm as and the fast acting tranquilizer worked really fast. I felt weak, tired, and collapsed into darkness.
Alien Day 81


The Inn 
Rented room location
Warm temperatures with cloudy skies
8th hour (early morning)


I had escaped from the golden tinted hospital ward after a swift recovery from that sneaky blood transfusion, where Prince Rann had received some of my precious earthling blood. And I have received a free night of slumber inside a hospital bed. 
However, Rann was not dead. Else, I would not be alive right now. I had fled on foot from the hospital campus punching out one wooden door, three metal Bbots, and six royal honor guards.
Now, I rested inside a set of yellow colored warm blankets inside a rental room of indigo at the Inn and crammed a second stolen biscuit into my mouth from my deceptive smart metal friend Bot. It had invaded the downstairs food buffet and then returned with a plate of food to our shared rental room, where I had not paid for the new day.
I ate the food and pondered my new employment opportunity. I possessed a fair skill as a space pirate…naw…pilot. I wondered if an evil and unfriendly Dirk would hire me, since he seemed to tolerate my womanly bite here within the third alien timeline. I coughed out loud and spat up the chewed food. “I am desperate.” I sighed with fraught.
The closed door inside my rented room swung wide open in silence. One-at-a-time a six feet tall Gbot entered the room and then posed beside the interior yellow colored wooden frame glittering in silver hue.
I rolled off the bed mattress with a gasp and carried the bed covers with my foot, standing beside the bed frame in a scary mode. “What did I do now?”
My metal friend and silver tinted Bot whistled with an irritating tone and then droned for each pair of eardrums. “What did you do, now, Starra?”
I turned and frowned at the side of the cylinder body with the plate of two teacups as a pair of eyeballs. “I didn’t do anything now.”
It turned and droned back to her. “You forget to pay the rental, didn’t you, Starra?”
I frowned. “I didn’t forget. I don’t have any currs.”
It lifted up both metal arms and shook them in the air, droning for each pair of eardrums. “Why is that? Because, you quit each one of your good paying jobs or you kill your employer for some weird reason which my micro-circuits can’t explain.”
“I did not.”
“You did so.”
“Shut it, Trash can!”
It blinked numerous colors on its belly. “What is a trash can?”
I laughed, “You!”
“You!” The voice echoed inside the hallway in front of the open archway of the rental Inn suite. 
I turned to view the archway and gasped in shock.
Inside the archway, Rann calmly strolled inside the Inn suite and wore a smile while chuckling at something invisible such like he was attending his royal birthday party. I sighed with surprise.
He stopped and stood in front Starra, nodding with a smile. “Commander Starra, I am sorry for the tart intrusion here inside your rental room, but I must speak with you immediately. But first, how are you feeling, princess?”
I smiled and then frowned pondering his mental mind.
He nodded several times. “I am feeling much better myself considering the perilous events of yesterday there inside my castle. But this impromptu conversation is not about me. This conversation is about you, Starra. I want to apology for General Ivan. He is sometimes a bit rash with a final decision. So I have come to beg for your forgiveness and plead for you to return back to your prompt duty as the royal body guard.”
I was shocked, stunned, happy, glad, ecstatic, and totally relieved. I ate the other biscuit while pondering my good luck. I should negotiate more currs or a princely kiss, but I settled on two words that caused my heartache and more body pain. “I accept.”
Rann nodded with a smile and then slowly bowed down at his fit waist at her, standing upright with a grin. “Thank you for your loyalty, Commander Starra! I am also sorry that I cannot stay for the breakfast meal with you. I must return back to the castle, but I will see you for the lunch meal inside the entertainment room,” he spun around and slowly exited the room. Each Gbot left the room and closed the door following behind Rann.
Outside in the hallway, each guest cheered and yelled at the prince.
Inside my rent, I bounced up and down over the floor and then the bed mattress while screaming with celebration. I sighed with true love.


10th hour (mid-day) lunchtime
Rann’s castle
Dining room setting


The four royal mistresses sat in order from the sexy tallest down toward the shortest in a set of scant black colored clothing on the opposite side of the square-shaped green colored dining room table and continued to entertain their new guests, sitting in order General Ivan, Ambassador Ty, Commander Starra, and Prince Rann with an individual fairy tale from their daring escape and thrilling rescue by Nat and Ivan.
The face on Nat exhibited red tint with embarrassment and as his tongue remained silence. He wore a tan colored military and a pair of brown colored knee boots.
General Ivan in a clean tan colored military uniform grunted out loud with either yes or correct, every time, each female cheered his heroic defeat…naw…fat…naw…feat.
In the chair, after eating all of my food, I wore a new gray colored uniform that exhibited a cute circular skirt and a sleeveless vest without the diamonds but a pair of cool gray leather thigh-high boots. I rolled my eyeballs and returned back looking down at the dirty dish, softly clapping after each victory tale with annoyance, boredom, and frustration.
Rann in a clean white vest and matching trousers sat beside Starra and reached over, slamming a pointy elbow into her rib cage with a loud grunt. I sighed with boredom.
“Ladies! I want to thank each one of your brave female for the delightful lunch and charming company.” Nat swiftly stood upright from the chair and bowed down at his fitted waist with respect and a tight lip, quietly exiting the entertainment room.
Rann quickly stood upright with Ty between next to Starra, nodding his skull with a smile. “Thank you for sharing your exciting adventures with us, ladies. I’ll be meeting with the nobles this evening. So, I’ll see you for breakfast tomorrow morning.”
Ivan slowly stood upright from the chair and cleared his throat, smiling at each female. “My complements go to our fine hostesses for the fine food and the fine tales of your dangerous quest from the ruthless pirates.” He slowly scooted backward from the dining room table, observing the big room. I sighed with jealousy.
Please! 
I was permanently silenced with a royal decree up my ass from an asshole Rann about our deadly adventure together that had secretly taken place yesterday inside the big bad castle.
Four Gbots herded without a cow prod the four royal mistresses out from the chair, to the archway and into the empty hallway, moving back down into their royal suite for a short or long naptime.
I slowly stood upright and slid my chair underneath the table like a good southern belle. I had been taught by my Grandma Starbelt. I gracefully pirouetted and eye burned Ivan while Ivan eye burned me back too.
I was invited to lunch, baby.
Ivan sniffed his nostrils with a sinus condition and then grunted with a set of gritted teeth. “Welcome back, Commander.”
I turned with a stern face and viewed Rann, who stood beside Ty.
Ty wore his usual dark green colored sleeveless vest, a pair of matching trousers and muscles. 
Yeah, I can look and feel, ya’ll!
Rann stood in place and crossed his arms, nodding at Starra in silence. I returned back and smiled at Ivan. “Thanks!”
Ivan sneered. “Your personal possessions will be moved tomorrow back into your assigned royal suite once again inside the royal castle. If you need anything else contact Nat.” Ivan did not like Starra. But I had saved Rann’s life, because he had not. Ivan slowly pivoted and bowed down to the king, standing upright with a sour frown, exiting the room. I sighed with caution.
Rann nodded with a smile to Starra and then spun around, exiting the room for his busy of royal duties
Ty moved away from Rann and then stopped, standing by the cheekbone on Starra, leaning over with a whisper and a smile. “May I speak with you in private?”
I looked back over my collar bone to see an empty room except for the table and chairs and comlens and comfone since we were alone unless one of Rann’s spy bots was spying on me. I sighed with amusement.
Ty stood upright and grinned. “Rann is hosting a dinner party for the nobles. This is the weekly noble contribution to the kingdom. He would like for you to accompany him to the party, if you didn’t have any pre-arranged plans.”
I grinned without jumping for job but my toes wiggled up and down inside my boot while standing at attention like a royal bodyguard. I sighed with delight.
And I had cancelled any pre-arranged plans that included my new adventure novel to dine graciously with Rann. I smiled and nodded several times. “I would be most honored to accept Rann’s invitation for dinner.”
He nodded in silence and spun around, leaving the room also. I sighed with happiness.
I quickly exited the room and left the planet for my bunk and my clothes.
On space station Militia in dull vanilla tone, I rapidly dashed away from my parked silver tinted and beaten up zipper, racing down a crowded hallway, slamming my boot toes into my closed metal door and entered my tiny bunk room of light beige hue. I quickly changed into that old but slightly fresh smelling and repaired gray colored evening gown wishing I had owned a bottle of flowery perfume.
I performed a bowtie with the two satin ribbons on the gray colored ankle-length cape that magically hung inside my wardrobe closet as I didn’t know or care or could image why. I liked the pretty dress and looked like a pretty girl. I sighed with vanity.
I spun around and slammed the metal door open. I reached out into the air waves and viewed the vanilla colored hallway.
Empty!
I did not want to be teased and taunted by one of the male pilots tonight as I happened to wear a long formal gown for fun evening with Prince Rann. I walked ahead on my tippy toes inside each high heeled fashion sandal to the exit door, passing the re-programmed Gbot against the solid side wall.
Long story there!
I slammed open the door and raced down the steps in four-inched heels, baby. I popped open the door and entered the landing bay space, staring ahead at my parked zipper.
I didn’t see the body but heard the sissy alto timber behind my button-hole.
Ensign Kona stood beside the side wall in the bright light like an idiot next to the closed doorway and sneered into her smooth cheekbone. “Why are you sneaking around the station, Starra? Or should I say, Mistress Starra?”
I swiftly twirled the cape sideways and pulled out my dagger, spinning around, aiming the sharp tip underneath Kona’s chin as my cape surrounded my arms and legs beautifully covering the bodily threat from the bot cameras too. I spit into his jaw line as I was short and he was tall. “Do not ever call me that twice, Kona.”
Kona couldn’t swallow his dry salvia and quickly sidestepped from her shiny blade of permanent injury or instant death to his private parts.
I performed a T-probe with my telepathy. Then I connected, linked, and Tele talked to him: Walk back to your bunk and take a long quiet nap, Ensign. 
I flicked my finger back towards the entrance door in the correct direction of his suite.
Kona didn’t blink his eyelids and gasped in shock.  “Nap.” He slowly sidestepped away from the dagger and Starra, back stepping all the way into the entrance door, staring at Starra with worry. I sighed with revenge.


15th hour (mid-evening)
Planet Commerce 
Rann’s castle


I had entered the royal castle of purple hue and wandered around some of the familiar hallways in green hue.


I mentally flashed back past within the second alien timeline, when King Bartholomew had been slowly repainting the castle with his noble theme color of green hues from dead King Rex’s purple majesty theme tone.

He had started with each exterior archway and interior hallway without completing the task from his unexpectedly death.


Then I mentally flashed back present, I had used my telepathy talent to find and locate the room with the small dinner party as Ty did not bother to provide me with walking instructions or a personal guard.
I stood inside the green colored hallway of dull light in front of a set of matching double doors, smoothing the silk dress down with two sweaty palms and then lifted my naked hand, motioning to one of the tall Gbots that guarded the closed door for the obvious reason.
Gbot pressed the button on the wall. Each door slowly stretched out and then opened for my grand entrance into a very tiny dining room that held on long table and a chair for each noble, noblette, and one alien. I sighed with nervousness.
“Starra.” Rann shouted out loud at her back spine and tossed a hand in the air, moving ahead toward the same tiny dining room setting.
I gracefully pirouetted with a gasp as my gown and cape smoothly flowing in a small half-circle. I grinned at his body.
Rann wore his traditional white sleeveless vest with a pair of matching slacks that were neatly tucked down into a pair of shiny and polished black colored knee boots. A medium-sized black colored sash draped across his naked chest with a few colored pins and one gold medal. I sighed with handsomeness.
I smiled and waved back, “Rann.”
Rann extended both of his arms toward her. I slowly shuffled ahead to Rann. He moved closer to her. I moved closer to him.
Then he halted and dropped both arms with a sigh, back stepping from Starra, admiring her terrible evening gown, “Good evening, you look very stunning, Starra.”
I halted and wiggled side to side with a smile. I loved hearing the string of words spoken from his lips and hoped I heard more of them later in the evening.
“Thank you. Aren’t you supposed to be inside entertaining the nobles?” I didn’t rudely finger point into the room as I was fake noblette with good social manners.
He nodded. “The nobles can wait. Your timing is perfect for a grand entrance. Are you ready?”
I didn’t wait and spun around, standing beside Rann. He grabbed her for an escorted appearance into the room. It felt like old times for me since the first alien timeline. I sighed with true love.
We entered an enclosed purple tinted room without a window and a central long dining room table of chairs, and decorated empty plates. Then Rann and I parted company, scattering around the room, engaging with all the different people in colorful long gowns and tiaras or bright tunics and shoulder capes plus their unique personality for a few minutes, before the Wbot called out the dinner plan.
Each person shuffled around and sat down at the assigned dining room chair.
I sat between Marquis Tok and Generalette Mar. Prince Rann sat at the king’s head on the square shaped long eating table. No one sat the queen’s end which was the opposite spot from Rann on the long eating table.
Numerous Wbots served an individual plate with brown meat, white fish, green and orange vegetables along with white fresh baked bread and red, pink, and green fruit slices in four stages of presentation.
I continued to eat and almost filled my stomach as I continued to eyeball a three-tiered chocolate cake with a circle of snowy white chocolate tinted flowers on the top layer that sat prettily on the top of the purple draped dessert table. I still had room for one more piece of food which continued chocolate, my favorite food within two universes. I sighed with chocolate.
My eardrums overheard the chatty of tidbits of useless information consisting mostly of trash gossip that was more stimulating than an intellectual conversation at the table. The four mistresses were more interesting than this bunch of shallow noble bodies.
Some of the younger noble couples were the grown-up children from the older nobles that attended the boring evening dinner.
I didn’t recall another noblette as a biological mother with a baby during the first or second time line. So, time really did fly off the clock, when you fell in and out of a space continuum. I sighed with surprise.
I finished the last bite of the meat and patiently waited.
The working Wbot slowly served a single piece of chocolate cake to each noble first. I turned and drooled over the chocolate cake. The robot was cutting up large pieces, placing on a small plate while the nobles finished the dinner meal.
Tall, ugly, muscular black-hair Tok smiled at a red haired, slender Dirk from across the table. “I noticed that you were selling the old Bonita mansion, Dirk.” He nosily drunk water as his wife reached over and patted his hand on top of the table.
“I don’t want it anymore.” Dirk ate another forkful of food.
“No one is going to buy that dilapidated thing.” Tall and sexy Rita frowned and ate her food, wearing a yellow colored long gown and a matching tiny tiara that blended into her blonde hair.
“It might possess some type of sentimental value to someone.” Dirk ate and chewed the food, turning to see Starra and then looked down with a smile at his plate of food
I continued to sit and wait for my cake but I was intrigued and found the old Bonita castle possessed lots of sentimental value to me. I smiled at the red colored hair roots on Dirk. “I would very much like to buy the old mansion. How much are you selling it for?”
“One million currs!” Dirk looked up with a pair of dancing green eyes and a wicked grin.
I gasped in shock without a word. One million currs was a lot of money for my positon here in the new galaxy. Even if, I sold the rest of the diamond jewelry, the outdated zipper ship, and my new Bot robot, I couldn’t raise one million currs ever. I sighed with heartache.
“One million currs, Dirk! Don’t you think that’s a little high for a piece of worthless property?” Tok laughed.
Dirk turned and smiled at Tok, “Not at all! I want my profit from the old castle,” he turned and winked at Starra.
“With that curr price, your old castle is going to be on the market for a long time.” Lad laughed out loud and wore a pale blue jacket with a pair of walking shorts over his petite and fat body frame with a head of blonde hair and a pair of blue eyeballs.
“It is not. I posted the curr price tag yesterday. I’ll sell it in two days or it’ll be demolished.” Dirk laughed.
“It’s your house. Do with it what you like, Dirk?” Tok continued to sip the tasteless water.
“One million currs is my asking price. Will you can take it or leave it? What’s your answer, Commander Starra?” Dirk turned and smirked at Starra.
Well, Dirk had placed my person back into the commoner slot. I didn’t have a million currs inside my curr account and I could not raise the sum within two days either. I eye burned my dirty dinner plate with sadness within my heart at demolishing the old Bonita castle. I sighed with pain.
I looked up with a stern face. “I am afraid that amount is out of my price range. Thank you for the information, Lord Dirk.”
Wbot appeared and placed a large piece of chocolate cake which was covered with a set of cute white colored frosty roses from the top tier of the circular dessert in front of my chest as I smelled and viewed the lovely site of heavenly delight. I sighed with sadness.
Wbot droned beside the guest hold the plate of cake. “Would you care for a place of dessert, Commander Starra?” The bot placed the new dish in front of Starra without emotion or comment, flying backwards back to the short dessert tray on the side wall in silence.
I was not hungry and felt sad learning about the fate of the old Bonita castle. I had shared so many memories in that mansion with Rosa, Ann, Dirk, Bot, Rann, Bartholomew, the unknown and dangerous kidnappers, the unknown and nasty thieves, and other colorful cartoon characters within this galaxy. I had considered that old dilapidated house my home here within the two other alien time lines.
Reality hit a commoner hard but not a noblette. My peripheral vision caught sight of Rann as he shifted from his throne chair, padding slowly behind the noble, leaning down and sweet breathed in a faces with a chat. He stopped and leaned down into her cheekbone. “I had this dessert prepared especially for you, Starra.”
I slightly smiled at the far wall and slightly nodded my curls, whispering back to Rann. “Thank you.” I played with the white flower frosting using my fork prangs, smoothing the icing.
He frowned. “Is the cake not to your liking, Starra?”
I didn’t move an eyelash or feel an emotion whispering back. “Yes, it is very delicious.” I meshed the white flowers down into the cake part.
Rann stood upright with a smile and scooted around Starra, leaning down to breath into the cheekbone on Mar.
I gently shoved my uneaten plate of cake ahead of my person. I sighed with sorrow. 
A day later…


Alien Day 83


Royal castle, property of Prince Rann
19th (late evening)
Gym setting


I un-packed my limited possessions and stuffed each item down into two green colored wooden drawers underneath a mirrored bureau, gently closing the drawer. I gracefully pirouetted and viewed my new room of green hue with a private garden terrace and a solo entrance doorway into my personal rose garden. And the best part of all my new assets came with a locked door knob.
I was living the alien princess life during the day and a Commerce nasty thief during the evening.
I wore my ancient pair of black exercise clothes and jogged in place for a few seconds as a warm-up maneuver, moving ahead toward the door, reaching out. I unlocked the latch and opened the door, jogging down an empty hallway, turning down a second empty hallway inside the royal castle.
I continued to jog down the same hallway and used a T-probe finding the interior gymnasium space inside the tall and wide castle ground for an upcoming hard body workout.
I turned the green colored wall corner with a sweaty brow and performed a T-shove with my telekinesis, opening the golden tinted double doors with ease.
Once upon a time, the royal castle belonged to King Rex, who enjoyed the color deep purple hue and then purchased furniture and painted each wall in the royal shade.
Then in the second alien timeline, King Rex died by murder and King Bartholomew took over the royal position starting to cover some of the purple walls with his royal theme hue, a dark green tone.
Then in the third alien timeline, King Bartholomew was dead and the current royal ruler Prince Rann had started to paint over both of the purple and green walls with his royal theme hue, a golden glittering color.
Confusing, yeah!
I steadily jogged ahead into the large room of solid black paint on four walls in a rectangular shaped space with puzzlement. Well, this was my first visit to the royal fitness room.
The fitness room didn’t contain a single glass window. On three walls, a row of tall and squat white colored exercise equipment pieces stood a few feet from the cool painted wall without a single citizen sweating on the handle bars.
The side wall without fitness equipment displayed an open archway for the ladies and a separate entrance hole for the gentlemen. I was dressed and didn’t need to pee inside the toilet.
In the middle of the room, a circular flat running track glowed in purple hue without a citizen also. Inside the wide center of the running track, a low bench was surrounded by stands of free weights that varied in pounds and colors.
I veered to the running track and continued my steady jog with a steady outflow of sour smelling air molecules from an upper sweaty lip, running around three times, cooling down my heart rate while sweating out raw emotions and tons of salty water balls.
I continued around the running track in a slow walk and completed the circle, veering toward a two-tier silver tinted horizontal stand that held numerous pound weights in different colors, stopping. I reached out and grabbed in each cupped hand a twenty-pound weight, squatting down both of my kneecaps, slowly exhaling with more sour smelling air molecules. I slowly inhaled and lifted up each weight working both of my biceps on each arm.
The partially opened door slowly widened and then a face peered around the wood.
“Rann!”
“Starra!” He entered and scanned the empty room with walls of fitness equipment, hearing each winded sound from Starra, padding to her. “Are you alone…”
“…. with you,” I squatted down, gently lowering the hand weight down to the carpet. “Yeah.”
He was dressed in his vest and boots, not a pair of fitness shorts.
Too bad!
I stood upright and nodded with a smile, grabbing a thirty-pound weight in each cupped hand. “I always enjoy going to the gymnasium during evening hours for a quiet workout.” I tattled with a smile with evil intents.
He stopped on top of the track and watched Starra.
I lifted up each weight with one hand and flexed my lean bicep into a hard knot while winking and flirting in imagination and silence with Rann.
He nodded.  “That’s a refreshing idea. Maybe, one night I can join you here.”
I lowered my arm and rested the aching muscle, squatting down and grabbed the thirty-pound hand weight in the other hand, lifting the heavy sucker in the air with hope of his presence tomorrow night. I dropped the weight down on my cloth sneaker like a fool. “Join me anytime!” I flirted and flung the weight in the air, catching it by with the same hand with a touch of telekinesis without harming the bones while winking at Rann.
He grinned. “Our meeting is fortuitous. I was coming to see you. I have a little gift for you, Starra.” He extended a slender golden box with a matching golden ribbon inside his palm which was too big for a diamond engagement ring. I sighed with disappointment.
I can dream, yeah, baby!
I loved getting gifts, especially from Rann, placing the weight down on the floor, staring at my gift. I stood upright and snatched the gift, ripping off the ribbon. Inside the interior white box, a curled up old and smelly piece of real paper which contained a set of elegant handwriting, not type print by a bot machine. I grabbed and slowly unrolled the piece of paper, reading out loud. “This is the deed to the Bonita castle owned by Lord Dirk, but it has my name in place of Dirk. I don’t understand.” I sighed with innocence.
Yeah, I am innocent of everything.
He pointed at the paper. “I have purchased the Bonita castle for you.”
I gasped, “For me! Well, I am touched and honored by your generous gesture. But I can’t possibly pay back to you the one millions currs, Rann.” I sighed with more gifts.
“Starra, I enjoy giving gifts to my citizens. I, only, expect my citizens to accept my presents in friendship.”
I was thrilled, overjoyed, speechless, and totally over reacted with my strong heart instead of my sharp mind. Then, I jumped up from the floor and landed at neck, hugging his hot fine body. It was so nice to finally touch his warm and muscular chest, smelling his woody spice and orange citrus cologne.
He hugged her body with a chuckle pulling her closer into his face.
I pulled back from his smile and cleared my throat with excitement. “I accept.” I jumped down from his body and blushed between the sweat and grime on my cheekbones from my impromptu act. I sighed with contentment.
He chuckled. “I am so happy to you see smiling, Starra. You’ve seemed so sad for the past two days.”
I parked my hands on my waist with his small gift, smiling and acting like a Southern belle as taught by Grandma Starbelt and word. “Thank you, again. I’m very happy and generously accept your wonderful present. I plan to move into my new home immediately with your permission…of course.” I sigh with delight.
He nodded. “Permission granted! But I hope you’ll come and visit me after working hours since you won’t be living here with me.”
I nodded with a smile. “I will. I promise.”
He scooted around Starra and moved ahead back to his suite.
I swung around with delight and watched his fine assets disappear from my two eyeballs.
He yelled out loud, “Good night, Starra!”
I laughed out loud, “Good night, Rann!” I couldn’t sleep as I rapidly sprinted without my T-power only love power around the entire exercise floor. I sighed with true love.
Alien Day 84


Rann’s castle
Entertainment Room setting
Blue sky and white clouds with yellow sunlight at 87ºF
10th hour (late morning)


I slowly advanced to the open archway into the entertainment room later in the day while yawning with an open mouth from a late night of too much exercise and too much dreaming about Rann while forgetting about my royal babysitting duty. I sighed with exhaustion.
The head mistress, tall, dark-skinned, athletic female Za guarded the set of invisible air molecules inside the open archway with a pair of crossed arms and a matching sneer, wearing a barely-there two-piece outfit in black tinted leather, slowly back stepping into the room from Starra. “Did you sleep later then usual? That’s not your usual style, Commander. Did you happen to have a late night, maybe?”
I entered into the room and continued to yawn without covering my lips, because I don’t give a dang about Za. I advanced ahead to the refreshment table without seeing each tray of good smelling food but smelling them, “Yeah! It had been a very late night for me.”
Za spun around with a sneer and followed behind Starra. “I bet you did, Commander.” She stopped a few feet from Starra and then swung around with a distorted face, viewing the other two ladies that lounged inside an individual purple colored sofa. “Girls, we have a new competitor among our mist.”
“Competitor!” Bab turned and gasped to Za.
Eis continued to watch the comlen, “Competitor!”
“Great!” I stopped at the food table and whispered for my eardrums while pouring juice down into a cup, biting into the dry toast and chewed. Rann had somehow attained another kitten for the smelly cat litter box. He should’ve mentioned the new girl last night as I grinned, recalling our lovingly moment of embracing, not talking. I sighed with true love.
“She claims to be our friend.” Za nodded to each mistress.
I choked down the dry toast and sipped on the sweet juice. Za had already met the new girl already. I was the fudging babysitter…naw…bodyguard. I should have been introduced to her first. But, this morning, I had required lots more sleep from my solo workout last night, after Rann left the gym. I sighed with true love.
“Who?” Bab frowned at Za and stood in her black leather bikini.
“Who?” Eis turned and frowned at Za, sitting in her black leather bikini.
“She sneaks around at night.” Za nodded with a growl.
I finished eating the dry toast and gulped the juice. The new mistress was already breaking the royal house rules. I probably should tattle this incident to Rann as an excuse to see him this morning. I sighed with true love.
“When!” Bab repeated with confusion.
“Whatever!” Eis returned back and watched the program on the comlen.
“She enjoys playing games.” Za nodded with a stern face.
I fished out a spoonful of scrambled eggs on the plate. The new girl liked to play games. I wondered if she enjoyed playing a game of checkers or chess that would be nice having a smart mistress for a change. I will compliment to Rann when I see him this morning. I sighed with true love.
“Who, Za?” Bab frowned at Za.
“Who, Za?” Dai laughed at the screen on the comlen.
“Starra!” Za spun around with a smile and nodded at the back spine on Starra.
“Starra!” Bab turned and stared with a frown at the back spine on Starra.
“Starra!” Eis turned and laughed out loud while staring at the back spine on Starra.
“Me!” I spin around with a gasp when the plate of food slipped from my greasy fingers, flying across the room, breaking on the side wall. I stared at Za. Geez! I was not the new mistress. I sighed with trouble.
My T-power pinged. Everything is not fine, darling!
“I will explain,” Za chuckled
“Yeah! You need to explain with a lot of words Za.” Bab continued to stare at Starra.
“I want Starra to explain.” Eis continued to stare and laugh at Starra.
I stared at Za and insisted on the truth from here. “Yes, please explain, Za!”
Za jabbed a finger with a sneer at Starra. “I saw Rann and Starra last night.”
I gasped in shock and then stomped my right foot toward Za. “Stop right there, Za!”
She grinned. “I saw Rann and Starra last night together inside the hallway.”
I stomped my left foot towards Za and ordered in fury. “Don’t say anymore, Za!”
She giggled with a nod. “I saw Rann and Starra last night together in the hallway at midnight.”
I stomped my right foot towards Za and yelled out loud. “Say no more data, Za!”
She nodded with a sneer. “I saw Rann and Starra last night in the hallway at midnight, hugging each other.”
I stomped my left foot towards Za and shouted out loud, waving both arms in the air, “Enough, Za!”
She lied for fun. “I saw Rann and Starra last night in the hallway at midnight hugging and kissing.”
Bab and Eis stood upright from each sofa and growled at Starra.
I stomped my left foot to Za. “Take it back, Za!”
Za bent down and lifted two folded fists in the air for the daily challenge, where I gladly accept to defend my honor.
I performed a T-leap from the floor and a T-fly through the air, landing on her swan throat without mercy. Six feet and one inched Za dropped backwards and hit down at the tile on her back spine. Five feet and one inches, I hit her big chest, still clinging with my ten finger pads around her swan throat leaving a set of prettily fingernail imprints that colored in pink but was rapidly turning into a bright crimson red.
 Za tossed her leg in the air and flung to the side, rolling over the floor, reaching out and grabbed onto Starra’s naked throat with one hand.
I quickly rolled on my back spine and kicked my kneecap up in the air executing a T-kick with my telekinesis into her stomach. Za grunted with pain and received a T-toss from Starra, flying through the air, twisting through the air. She landed hard down on her stomach.
I performed a T-jump from the floor and T-fly through the air, landing down on top of her back spine, pinning her tallness down to the floor. I reached down and grabbed her arm bending it unnaturally back behind her shoulder blade and then toward her black haired boney skull. 
She screamed in pain.
I yelled out loud. “Tell!”
“No!” Za screamed out loud and struggled in the Tele-hold.
“Tell the truth!” I continued to sit on her chest and panted with angry, holding my fingers in a Tele-hold around her naked throat.
“No!” She flung one arm and two feet at Starra without breaking the Tele-hold.
“Broke her arm, Starra!” Dia bounced up and down in front of the sofa, waving both of her arms, cheering for the victory.
“Don’t hurt her, Starra!” Bab stood in front of her sofa and wiped her sad tears of worry still staring at Starra.
Eis waved both arms in the air and shouted out loud. “I love cat fights. Go, Starra, go!” I sighed with annoyance.
“Starra!” Rann appeared and stood inside the open archway, shouting out loud at his body guard.
I looked up and viewed Ivan, Rann and a folded fist within my gray eyes, feeling a connection of five hard knuckles into my cheek bone. Then I felt an immediate sensation of falling backward from the physical impact of a powerful punch, feeling the smooth connection down on the cold hard floor, where my hard bone skull hit down with a tiny thud. Then I felt intense pain, then dizziness and finally weakness. I closed my eyelashes into darkness.
Alien Day 85


Private chamber with Starra
13th (mid-afternoon)


I blinked open my eyelashes and stared at Rann. He grinned and spoke in his sexy baritone. “Hello! It’s about time you’ve awoken to the sunlight.”
I slowly sat upright and bent down at my fitted waistline scouting the familiar bedroom of purple hue. I was located inside my private chamber inside my bed mattress with a purple colored bed linen sheet, one blanket, and a purple bed spread over my body. I sighed with delight.
He nodded. “How are you feeling, Starra? You’ve have a rough time.”
“Fine,” I turned and smiled at Rann.
He sat in a purple colored sitting chair and leaned, touching her face with puzzlement. “Your face bruise has completely healed. Amazing! I’ve never seem a citizen heal so quickly. How’s this possible, Starra?” I sighed with concern.
“What happened to me?” I changed the subject with confusion and turned to see the opposite wall avoiding his eyes. I viewed a set of new girly clothes inside my open closet since I didn’t wanna address that particular question which led to other question about my swift healing abilities and my out of this world origins. I sighed with fear.
He chuckled. “Ivan, Kona, and I entered the entertainment room just about the time you had pinned Mistress Za down to the tile, holding her arm in a nasty gridlock. It was obvious to me that you’re not going to break it. But I yelled out loud to get your attention which was meant for you to release Za’s arm. Ivan and Kona dashed to your position to untangle the fight with Kona in the lead. Just as I shouted your name, you looked up and then Kona belted you in the face. Ivan wrestled him down to the floor, of course, but you were knocked completely unconscious. I carried you here while Bbot declared you fit and healthy with a slight brain concession and a light abrasion upon your face. You have been in your room since yesterday afternoon sleeping…”
“Yesterday!” I shouted out loud and returned back to view Rann. I sighed with amazement.
“Kona has been punished for his rash behavior. He has been demoted down in rank of a private by Ivan. I. as king, of course, had ordered to hang Kona in the gallows, but Ivan had thought that too harsh of an act.” He chuckled.
I frowned. “I agree.” I sighed with foolish.
He nodded. “Well, there have been lots of new royal decisions which have been conducted since your unexpected demise by the noble committee. The girls are gone.”
“Gone!” I sighed with delight.
“Yes, the fight prompted an immediate investigation. Za, she confessed to me that she was lying. She did not mean to cause you any bodily harm, Starra. She was jealous. Za saw us the other night and believed something else was taking place. Anyhow, the girls are gone. They went back home to their families.”
“O! I am so sorry, Rann.” I lied honestly and smirked so Rann couldn’t see that my evil facial expression.
He nodded again. “It was not your fault, Starra. It is better for me. The noble committee has issued another decree. I am to be married.”
I gasped in shock and delight. “Yeah, I did miss a lot of new edits. O! You are getting married.” I sighed with true love.
“I’m going to be getting married.”
“Wow! That’s really quick. You’re getting married. Who’s the lucky girl?” I wanted him to say my name.
He nodded again. “The noble committee wants me to select a lady with grace, sophistication, intelligence, and beauty to rule beside me as ‘Princess of the Universe.’” I sighed with true love.
“Those are very good princess qualities.” I didn’t really care about nouns, just marry me now.
“I’m going to pick someone very special to be my wife.” Rann smiled.
“You should.” I agreed that the girl should be me.
“I don’t know if I should ask you this considering you’ve been unconscious for the past two days.”
“Past two days!” Well, I was feeling refreshed for our wedding today.
“I’m afraid so.” He nodded.
“Ask me what, Rann?” I smiled. I sighed with true love.
“Well, I want…”
“Yes, Rann.”
“I want you…”
“Yes, Rann.”
“I want you to…” He tormented Starra for fun.
“Yes, Rann.”
“I want you to be…”
“Yes, Rann!” I panted with excitement, “I accept.” I promised to be a good princess. I sighed with true love.
Rann stood upright from the chair with a smile and clapped his hand without takin her hand. “Good!” He paused. “I want you to become my bodyguard again.”
I performed a T-jerk with my telekinesis and magically lifted up my body, falling back down on my kneecaps, panting in alarm. “What!”
“You will not be my personal bodyguard again. But you will become the personal protection for each princess, I mean, each Princess Candidate.”
I exhaled with confusion. “I am confused…” totally in my mind, body, and heart. I sighed with truth.
He nodded with a smile down at Starra. “The noble committee has created a Princess Selection Committee. They are selecting and interviewing numerous single females across the universe to become a candidate for my new bride.”
I narrowed my eyelashes readying a kill on a couple of the nobles that I didn’t like anyways. “I see.”
“I want you to become their protector. You handled yourself with dignity and respect with my mistresses. You are the perfect bodyguard for my new princess. Of course, your duty will not end with my new princess but also our children from the prince and princess of the…”
“I see.”
He chuckled with a smile. “I hope you’re very proud of your body guard work. I am very pleased. The best news, you are going to pretend and fake it as one of the selected Princess Candidates.”
“I, not, see.”
He nodded. “Ivan felt your personal guard duties could be performed better if you were one of them. So, you will be announced within the Princess Selection Process and addressed as Lady Starra. You will be provided with the appropriate wardrobe which is hanging inside your wardrobe closet over there,” He points to the closet and then slams down his hand with a smile. “And you are required to attend each social event in order to protect and guard each one of the Princess Candidates.”
“I, not, still see.”
The bedroom opened without slamming the painted wall and revealed Bot. The robot floated through the air and halted a few feet into the room toting a steamy tray of food to Rann and Starra.
Rann smiled. “Your lunch has arrived. I must leave. We’ll chat about your new duties later.” He reached out and touched her forearm with a nod, “Enjoy your afternoon, Lady Starra!” He folded at his fitted waist with a noble bow to Starra and then stood upright, spinning around with a smile, exiting her room.
I watched Rann leave. Bot closed the door. I sighed with true truth.
I was single again with no date to the Junior Prom, because I was. “Lady Starra. I am the royal bodyguard…naw…the royal nanny for the rest of my life.” I sighed with great disappointment.
I plopped down on top of the bed linens with a sour face. Bot floated in the air, then flew ahead to Starra, and finally stopped, placing a four-legged tray across the bed linens and bed blanket over her lap. It reached down and lifted up the hooded lid, displaying a plume of steam over a plate of food item. 
The dark chocolate called out my name inside my head. I quickly lifted up the fork and murderously plunged the sharp deadly weapon down into the sinful dessert, eating the entire dessert in three huge bites. I hoped that I become really sick and then throw up puke green vomit on each Princess Candidate or possess great aim at least on one of Rann’s shiny boots.
I spat out numerous chewed cake particles from my open lips and then princessly sneered, “Bot, bring me three pieces of chocolate cake.”
Bot floated beside her and her mattress, pointing a metal finger down at the empty dirty plate of chocolate goo with a pair of empty teacup eyeballs staring at the cheekbone on Starra. It droned in an alto tone. “Lady Starra, you have not finished your nutritious entrée of meat, vegetables and fruit…”
“Bring me another piece of cake, right now, Trash can!” I looked up and turned, shouting out loud at my metal servant.
Bot flew its metal can backward from her bed frame and out the closed door, leaving Starra.
Day One Princess Candidate Training


Auditorium setting
Dark blue sky and white clouds with full moon ray at 67ºF
Evening


I felt like the step and one-half princess in my color-coded matching wardrobe of Princess Candidate, since the theme pinwheel of color assignment was candy pink. I sighed with embarrassment.
The candy pink slip dress was a two feet train behind my buttonhole that matched the arm bouquet of pink rosebuds which cut with my fossilized blood into my crooked forearm, since some person had forgotten to trim three of the pointy green colored thorns. But didn’t worry here, my skin ate them.
On top of the wooden dance floor and behind a dangling purple colored curtain, Ambassador Ty occupied the arm on Starra.
I stood upright and displayed a pink tinted diamond tiara that was glued down onto my sliver tinted curls. A set of matching pink diamonds covered each naked earlobe, my naked throat, and a very tight-fitting pink tinted leather belt from too many chocolate pieces around my waist. And a cutie tiny pink tinted diamond line across the single strip of my three-inched sandals on my ten achy toe bones. I sighed with exasperation.
Each Princess Candidate could talk, mingle, and eat with one or many citizens but only dance and walk with her assigned escort. The royal decree included the Pretend Princess Candidate or PPC which was really Starra.
“How old are these girls?” I leaned over and whispered into the cheekbone on Ty while staring into the empty floor and the bleachers of people. I sighed with frustration.
“I can tell you this, Starra. Each one of the princess candidates had graduated Uni last week for good behavior and favored for the royal marriage.” Ty chuckled back into her eardrum.
“Stang!” I whispered too loudly.
“Starra, you should not ever use that word. It is very inappropriate for a Princess Candidate.”
“Double stang!” I frowned with annoyance and whispered too loudly again.
He rolled his eyeballs at her surly, girly behavior. I sighed with cuteness.
The Master of Ceremonies (MC) greeted through the vocal comfone and displayed a pale tinted face on the visual comlen (television screen) while the rest of the galaxy watchers watched from inside their cozy living room within their warm house while eating their hot delicious evening meal. 
MC smiled. “Welcome nobles, ladies, gentlemen, and children to the first party for Prince Rann, who will select his Princess of the Universe! Without further delay, please, allow me to introduce the first lovely lady of the evening, she hails from the noble space station of Militia. She is the daughter of General Ivan and Generalette Mar. Please welcome to the fun party, Princess Candidate Lady Kia.”
Each audience member inside the bleacher stood upright and cheered loudly.
Lady Kia appeared in pale skin tone beside her father General Ivan and displayed a tall and sexy body wearing a pale blue gown, a short pair of matching hand gloves, a matching tiny tiara in her red colored hair. She slowly advanced ahead in her ankle-length flowing dress and then accidentally stumbled over her big feet but her father General Ivan saved the day while holding her arm. They stopped and stood in the middle of the auditorium while nodding with a free hand to each cheering citizen.
The MC continued. “Our next royal daughter comes from the planet of Resort, which is the home of Marquis Tok and Marquise Lee. May I present to you, Princess Candidate Lady Tia.” Each audience member continued to stand, clap, and cheer for Mia in her pink flowing evening gown also.
Lady Tia wore a red colored ankle-length gown without the gloves but with a matching tiara and displayed a glowing tone of dark skin, a pair of dark eyeballs, and a head of long black hair, slowly strolling ahead to the center of the room beside her father Marquis Tok. She appeared tall and slender like her biological mother.
The MC continued. “The next Princess Candidate is the daughter of deceased Viscountess Noi and her loving husband Viscount Lad, who is pleasantly named Lady Fia.”
Lady Fai was short and average weight, displaying a head of blonde hair and a pair of blue eyeballs, wearing a long yellow tinted gown with a pair of elbow gloves and a matching tiara, strolling with her father Viscount Lad.
Then I was crowned….naw…called to walk out by the MC, stopped with a stern face, and stood beside Viscount Lad without a smile, staring at the overcrowded bleachers of cheering citizens. I was the daughter, the sister, and the girlfriend of no one here within the new galaxy. 
A new set of nicknames had been assigned to each princess candidate by some of more colorful, asinine, and silly citizens which included the Academia for Kia; the Tease for Tia; the Beast for Mia and the Beauty for Starra.
Four girls were viciously vying for the priceless pretty princess bride title with an underground curr betting pool that had soared up to 245,000 golden triangles.
I was the least favored with 1 to 13 odds, so I was not betting my hard working currs on me. I sighed with displeasure.
Day Two Princess Candidate Training


Princess Class setting
8th hour (early morning)


I avoided my Princess Candidate duty by sleeping until lunchtime for the bright sunny day. I ordered Bot to awaken my lazy princess buttonhole when the delicious princess tray of food had arrived, not before.
My bedroom door slowly creaked open while my eyelashes continued to stay shut inside the cool darken private bedroom suite.
Bot stood at the end of the bed mattress and turned to the entrance wall, waving both of its metal arms at the secret invader, shouting out loud with its sissy alto tone. “Halt! You did not have permission to enter Lady Starra’s room.”
The set of overhead lights powered up on top of the ceiling illuminating the room. The dark drape on the row of glass window rushed open and displayed long beams of bright sunshine into the room also.
Bot was a poor choice as a watch dog by allowing an invader into my room. So, tomorrow, I will assign Bot a lethal weapon for my princessly protection guarding my precious sleep period. I sighed with annoyance.
The new robot floated a few feet from the open archway, stopped and stood in eth air, droning out loud, waving a metal hand at Bot. “Lady Starra is tardy for her lesson which started fifteen minutes ago.”
I couldn’t stand the suspense. I sat upright and bent down at my fitted waistline while darting my eyelashes at the new robot. The new robot appeared like a slender bathroom trashcan and displayed a purple sequined apron over its silver cylinder frame and a pair of long white mesh gloves over two silver metal limbs.
I laughed. “What are you?”
It droned in a high pitched soprano that could break a glass goblet, “I am Qbot. I am an etiquette robot at your service, Lady Starra. Your physical presence is required in the classroom.”
I shook my curls, “Classroom!” I sighed with curiosity.
Qbot droned again. “The princess class is located on the sixth floor for the princess lesson.” 
The robot’s new drone didn’t excite my bones or my brain cells as I shook my curls with a smile. “O! So, I am guessing here that I missed the memo.” I tossed the blanket back over my head and shouted out my new princess order. “Reschedule!”
I was only a princess candidate and this was the closest part, point, and piece of the royal Crown that I could get without kidnapping the king. So, I had planned to use and abuse that honor until Rann’s wedding day, without my pretty, naw, presence in a wedding dress.
Inside the room and beside the bed frame, Qbot droned again. “These are commanding order from Prince Rann.”
Ugh! Stang!” I slowly shifted around inside the dark blanket and burned my set of cool invisible fireball rays into Qbot but it did not melt, so I didn’t possess that cool superpower.
Qbot flew backward from the bed frame and then stopped, staring at Starra. “Lady Starra did not use that verb.”
O! I had learned the word was verb, not a noun. “I meant to say, double stang.” The verb meant something that I did not know exactly the something.
“Lady Starra, stop saying that word! Get dressed right now! Or I will report your person with your absent dress to Prince Rann.” Qbot droned in a high pitched soprano.
I sung in high pitched soprano and off-key on purpose, “Fine! Fine! Fine!” I flipped off the bed covers and slid down from the mattress, moving ahead with a sour frown to the side wall with the closet, shouting out loud. “Gimme five minutes! No ten! No! Make it fifteen minutes to change into my appropriate attire then and I will attend princess class.” I watched with my right eyeball as Qbot flew backwards out from my room and shook my curls with puzzlement at that physics feat. I stomped into the closet.
Bot handed Starra a pretty frock with numerous tiny bows and ribbons and sequins on lavender tulle that covered her entire body holding all of her girly weapons that included a lavender colored tiara, a matching fan, and a pair of elbow-length gloves.
I slowly waddled out the closet, through the room, and down the empty hallway like a purple pregnant Moo cow to the single elevator and then stopped, pressing the button for the elevator carriage. I sighed with suffocation.
On the third floor level, I waddled off the elevator carriage into door number three.
Surprise!
Each Princess Candidate prettily sat on top of their lavender colored fluffy tulle at a purple colored tablecloth holding a green colored ceramic teacup with a purple glove, smiling silly at Starra. I sighed with dread.
I stood and frowned inside the archway. “I thought this was a real class.”
Qbot floated in front of the four purple colored squat chairs and tables, slowly spinning around to stare at Starra. “This is tea etiquette class.” I sighed with surrender.
The selected and hand-picked Princess of the Universe must be well-mannered, well-groomed, and well-educated as each princess candidate was required to attend etiquette class that included but was not limited to tea-sipping, table-standing, chair-sitting, voice-mewing, noble-name calling, naw, princess name-calling, naw, Rann name-calling. 
Geez! That was so true for each royal lesson to address His Highness properly. I sighed with irritation.
Then, after tea class exhibition, I foreverly took a set of dance classes from ballet to ballroom dancing to tap to yoga. I sighed with pain.
Then, my princess activities did not end with the above list as I played along with the three younglings in the fine arts of bow and arrow archery, strategy of card games, chess, and billiards while I exercised in the area of fun sports, such like, swimming, running, an obstacle course, and aerobics. I sighed with more pain.
I had never worked so long and so hard for so much in my short life of seventeen years (Earth time). As I was getting too fat and too old to do this young princess stuff. So, I needed to find another paying job with less leg movement and more fanny-resting. I sighed with soreness.
A few days later…


Day Four Princess Candidate Training


Swimming pool setting
Blue sky without clouds and beams of bright yellow sun at 87ºF
11th hour (early afternoon)


I felt the hot sun burning my naked back spine in the white colored bikini while enjoying the sunshine rays, feeling re-freshed and re-energized as an angel appeared beside my burning nose profile.
“I believe you’re burning your skin, Starra. May I apply suntan lotion,” Rann reached down and grabbed the lotion bottle from the ground, voicing in his sexy baritone trombone.
I continued to rest on top of the lounge chair with a smile and a pair of closed eyelashes. “I’m not burning.”
“You’re a little pinker than normal.”
I felt his strong fingers touch my bare back smoothing the cool suntan lotion over my burning hot body. He smiled. “Why aren’t you at the spa with the other girls?”
“You mean, having folks touch, probe, and poke you in places that the sun don’t see. No, I don’t like stranger folks touching me. No thanks kindly, sir.” He continued to rub the cold lotion on her back spine, firmly massaging her skin. I moaned with delight. “That feels so good, so relaxing.”
He chuckled, “Folks!”
“Bonita term.”
“Thanks kindly, Starra.” Rann chuckled. “Ty mentioned to me that you’re exempted from the princess etiquette classes since you exhibit grace and pose. What are you doing to occupy your time?”
“Reading, sunbathing, eating and sunbathing,” I giggled without moving my body.
His two smooth hands roamed over her back spine with more cool lotion and as he smiled. “Well, these are very good qualities for you, but it is a bad influence on each Princess Candidate.”
“What!” I flipped over and sneered at his suntanned face. I was not the only one who enjoyed the pool and bright hot sunshine. Rann looked very handsome and very peaceful within the third alien timeline.
I smiled. “My princess body guard job is to guard the girls, not answer silly questions about utensils. What is the tiny shrimp fork used for? Duh! For shrimp…”
I couldn’t recall which princess asked that stupid question during princess table manners lecture with Qbot.
He chuckled. I did not and frowned. “I swear, Rann. Where did you get these little girls from? Doesn’t the local high school graduate youngsters with a set of table manners, a mind of classical literature, a tong of articulate grammar, two feet of dance routines, and a memory for math skills?”
“Watch it, Starra!” He frowned.
“You have to admit that the three Princess Candidates are a little too young even for you. How old are you anyways?” I frowned with puzzlement.
“We’re the same age, you and I, Starra.” He smiled.
He might be very surprised at my age and my origins. I was tempted to ask Rann his age but fearful that it might highlight another new interest that I couldn’t converse about and it might lead into my discovery as an alien too.
Rann was older by a couple of years. However, I was closer in age to the young graduates from space station Uni. I sighed with youth.
I exhaled with annoyance. “I think that I have just been insulted. Yeah, I know that I’ve been insulted.” I flipped back and placed my red tinted face back down into the wet towel continent to suntan my rear, because I wanted Rann to see what he was going to miss when he married another princess candidate.
He nodded. “Ty has exempted you from each one of your princess academic classes but I want you to take the royal etiquette class with the girls. You are a role model for them to follow and the future female citizens of the universe to admire. The girls also enjoy imitating you whether I like it or not.”
“What for!” I frowned.
“Exactly!” He nodded.
“O! I don’t need a class for that.” I laughed.
He leaned over into her cheekbone and whispered. “You need an attitude adjustment but I don’t have time to teach you that, princess.”
I grinned with a giggle.
He stood upright from the patio floor and frowned down at her back spine. “You must learn to respect the Crown, Lady Starra. You will begin by referring to me by my proper title, Prince Rann, at least in front of the girls.”
“Fine!” I exhaled, “Yes, Your Highness.” I was not going to like doing this favorite for him along with the other favorites that I had already supplied free of charge.
“Don’t stay out long by the pool! The party starts in two hours.” He spun around and strolled back into the entertainment room.
“Fine!” I whispered. Rann stopped and spun around, staring at Starra. I gasped in shock and shouted out loud, “Yes, Your Highness.”
He spun around and exited the pool area with a smile.
Day Five Princess Candidate Training


Auditorium location
13th (early afternoon)


This was my last day of royal etiquette class. And it had been fun and games, so far.
Not!
I elegantly sauntered ahead from the solo archway of green hue towards my assigned ugly red tinted oversized sitting chair inside a large purple walled auditorium, wearing a design of black sequins, a plunging V-neckline in the front of my chest and my back spine going down almost into my tailbone that exhibited an attaching sweep train of three feet.
Yeah, baby!
I was decorated with a body of sparkling diamonds coming from the bone skull down to the ten toe nails, wearing a half-pointy tiara within my folded silver hair, a stunning V-shaped diamond neckline around my naked neck and a pair of four-inched heeled black colored shoe pumps that killed each one of my in-steps.
Beauty is pain, ya’ll!
The entire clothing outfit gave my short body the grand illusion of a tall fashion model, which I wasn’t. I sighed with loveliness.
Each Princess Candidate wore a dress in black sequins and a tiara of shiny diamonds for the color-coded theme at the royal etiquette class, sitting inside a matching plush red oversized sitting chair also.
Side bar, I was allowed to keep all of the fine jewelry and all the gown dresses, since I was wearing one of them to the official Royal Wedding and Reception for the lucky girl who would be chosen as the Princess of the Universe. And that girl was not my person. I sighed with disappointment.
“Ladies, good afternoon! Today, we will teach…” Qbot hovered in the air and wear an apron of black sequins and two satin gloves on each metal arm, droning in alto timber at the row of candidates.
Qbot was my most favorite silver colored robot within the universe as the bot continued to be quite annoying and metal bossy inside its internal bot programming toward me. I knew. Rann had programmed the robot just to frustrate my person.
I was very good at bot programming too. So, maybe, I might try my hand, naw, two finger pads at that sabotage thingy tonight when Qbot powered down. I sighed with deceit.
Qbot slightly swayed side to side in the air like a dance move or something. “Each one of you will practice your new dance steps in your new gown with your new tiara for the upcoming…”
I stood upright from the stool with a loud huff. “Hold the comfone, honey!” I waved both arms in the air first and placed a pair of blue manicured pink-painted nails on the tight band around my fitted waistline second and then inhaled deeply to shout out loud with more words third. “We have been dancing in silk pajamas and head gear, since day one here at Princess Training Camp.”
Qbot flew sideways from the middle of the row, stopped, and hovered a few feet in front of the freckles on Starra. “This is not a princess training camp, Lady Starra.”
“Fooled me!” I laughed out loud alone and lonely. I sighed with mutiny.
“You are correct in your short sighted assessment, Lady Starra. You have been wearing elegant silk gowns and jeweled tiaras. But the lesson for the day is different.” Qbot droned.
“What! How! Why!” I frowned.
My T-powers pinged. Everything is fine.
“I will become your dance partner today.” Rann strutted ahead with a smile coming from a dangling dark green curtain that hid the side wall for some odd reason. I sighed with annoyance.
This guy was doing these “magic moments” to my person, on purpose and on que, watching my visual reaction and then would lecture me afterwards. I needed a new job. I sighed with frustration.
Then I felt, not saw each Princess Candidate go soft and mushy with their physical facial expressions and their invisible mental emotions, slumping down into the stool.
Telepathy, baby!
One of them was going to marry to the most available man within the universe besides being served as the princess for life. I sighed with great deal.


I mentally back flashed within the second alien timeline, when Prince Rann, President of the Nation had saved my life from the house fire and then he had proposed marriage inside the cute room decorated with billions rose petals.

Then Lord Dirk of Bonita had ruined my love moment by escaping from his cozy prison cell on Planet Sahara somehow and insulted my person by trying to kill my body at my own wedding day on top of the seventy-foot-high solid wooden platform at the Game stadium, before I had said: I do.

I had gotten really mad and chased after Lord Dirk, wrecking my zipper ship again.


Then I flashed back present within the third alien timeline, another lucky gal was going to marry my guy. 
Golly Molly!
I sat down with a huff and crossed both of my naked arms over my chest, staring with a stern face at Rann.
“Good afternoon, Princesses!” Rann stopped and stood over the hair roots on Mia, bowing down at his fitted waist in respect to the first princess candidate and stood upright with a wink at the young female.
I continued to sit at the end of the row and watched the silly, princely commotion without spilling out my lip drool with disgust.
“Prince Rann.” Mia swiftly stood upright from the plush stool with a smile and performed an elegant curtsey twisting her ankle bones, standing upright with falling over Rann, extending her black gloved hand to Rann.
Rann reached out and touched her hand and her elbow with more respect. “Mia, you are looking beautiful today.” I sighed with envy.
Rann quickly released her glove and swiftly two-steps down the horizontal row of stool. Kia swiftly stood upright from the stool and performed a proper curtsey like she had been taught within Princess Camp, tossing her gloved black hand in the air for Rann to touch, gigging with a childish smile. “Your Majesty, how are you doing today?”
The words were original and elegant. I sighed with intelligence.
Rann accepted the gloved hand and bowed down with respect, standing upright and winked at Kia. “I see you possess your mother’s beauty within your eyes, Kia.”
Some bot bring me a bucket quickly! I was going to hurl my breakfast down on the clean dance floor. I sighed with jealousy.
Rann released her glove. Kia continued to stand. He scooted sideway to the next female.
 “Sire, welcome to our class.” Tia slowly stood upright from the chair and performed a princess curtsey at her kneecaps while shaking his hand. That was a unique female talent which I won’t do. Tia did not openly flaunt her pretty assets at Rann as she was the daughter of Marquis Tok, who exhibited personality traits of straight-forward directness with his tough guy actions.
Rann slighted nodded with a friendly smile. “Tia! Thank you for the warm reception.”
I burped out loud from indigestion. I sighed with respect.
I wiggled my buttonhole deeper down into the padded chair that did not comfort my spine of back bones and viewed the closed door. I was not planning to stand or curtsey or kiss his hand or kiss his foot or kiss his…
You get the royal foto.
I was paid to be the royal bodyguard, not the royal toilet cleaner.
Rann scooted sideways from Tia with a smile and stopped, standing over the silver tinted hair roots on Starra, leaning down into her forehead. He produced an array of sweet breathes softly on her nose bridge, “Starra, good afternoon!” He reached down and jabbed his hand into one of her crossed arms, wiggling his fingers down into the smooth flesh on Starra, grabbing her hand. He swiftly jerked Starra upright standing on her sandaled feet.
I swiftly stood and then balanced upright, painfully cringing within my hand, my forearm, and my mind, hoping that Rann had a very good reason for doing that action with my body, because if he hurt my arm twice, Rann was going to land violently down on his royal backside directly at the floor from my bodyguard skills.
He smiled, “It was so kind of you to accept my invitation.”
“Accept?” I snarled.
Rann continued to stand in front of Starra and squeezed her naked hand, turning with a smile to see Qbot. “Qbot, Lady Starra will be my dance partner today.”
“Dance?” I sneered at his nose profile.
Rann returned back and man-pulled Starra into his naked chest.
I reached down and grabbed the hemline on the long gown before I tripped and fell into Rann’s muscles, instead of breaking his royal nostrils which was not a bad idea at the moment for annoying the snot out of buttonhole.
Rann and I elegantly strolled ahead into the middle of the dance floor. I sighed with angry.
I knew how to dance as I had been performing a boogie dance at each party with every male citizen since the first alien timeline.
My left eyeball viewed the sitting row of the three true princess candidates. Tia was bored. Mia was jealous and Kia just observed. I sighed with interest.
Rann spun Starra around the floor without the music and then stopped, staring into her face with a light chuckle. He swiftly wrapped his hand around her waist dragging Starra closer to his pink lips then quickly shifted his left hand. He grabbed, lifting up her right hand into an arch for their dance number, smiling into her face. “Are you familiar with the Tango, Starra?”
I sneered into his nose bridge. “Of course, I am.”
I had been dancing since a young child on Planet Earth while learning a set of dance moves from my dance instructors Ming and Maritza. I knew numerous dance steps with traditional dance routines, including the Tango, Rumba, Polka, Samba, and tap, ballet, jazz and a slow waltzing.
He leaned into her face, “Very good!” He wrapped his right arm around her collar bone while embracing Starra with a firm but steady man-gripe.
I was dancing, not flirting, ya’ll.
The set of Tango dance steps required close body contact as the couple moved in a unison direction with their feet while forcing their together body motions in a series of small twirls, leaps then pose, and finally, the famous dip.
“Obot, play!” Rann ordered to the side wall of standing robots that were programmed to follow his timber. Obot or the row of orchestra robot played the fanfare sequence with a set of high trumpets and then repeated the fanfare for our first steps.
Rann gracefully swept his body around Starra. I elegantly swayed my hips around him.
We both moved around the open room in the characteristic dotted long stride that matched our foot rhythm that covered half of the dance floor.
He stopped with Starra posing upright and stared into each other eyeballs.
He smiled. “You dance like an angel, Starra.”
I did not smile but snarled, “Ditto!”
He chuckled and lifted Starra from the floor, swinging her around the room.
I flew like an eagle in the air inside his twin biceps with a slight giggle.
He dropped Starra hard down on his left side and executed a forward spin with two rotations. 
Then we danced backwards.
He twirled her to the left and then halted, posing for a second time with the music. “You look stunning, Starra.” Rann flirted with a smile.
I did not smile but sneered, “Ditto!”
He chuckled and lifted Starra in the air on his right side, settling her down hard on the floor, leading them into a series of whirls of circles.
Then the music cued the finale of the Tango.
Rann stopped and dipped Starra down toward the floor.
I tilted my skull and back spine backwards in a graceful arch with my right arm curved at the elbow down towards my dress train. 
Then we posed at the end of the song.
The three princess candidates, Qbot, Mbot, Obot, and his royal honor guards softly applauded their dance performance. I sighed with contentment.
Told ya!
 I could dance along with Rann.
On the dance floor, I stood upright and jerked my sweaty hand from Rann’s arms, facing each other.
He continued to hug her waistline in silence with a smile.
I sneered. “The music has stopped, Rann.”
“I know.”
“You can let go, Rann.” I frowned.
“I will never let you go, Starra.” He slowly pulled her closer to his pink tinted lips.
“Prince Rann!” One of the honor guards shouted out loud in-between the open archway.
Rann broke his daydream and dropped down both of his arms, standing in front of Starra, turning to bow down to each princess candidate. “I must leave. I have another appointment. I will see everyone at the party tonight.” He spun around and moved ahead, exiting the room with the honor guard in tow.
I swung around to face the open archway with a smile. It was obvious and convenient. I was the one that Rann was going to choose as his princess. Our relationship had bloomed from the first day of my assignment here at the castle. I was living here in the same residence. I was watched, trusted, and protected by him from nasty General Ivan. And I loved by him. I sighed with true love.
The official Royal Engagement Party would be hosted within two days, where Prince Rann would announce the name of the lucky girl as his new princess. I sighed with happiness.
Qbot continued to hover in the air and spun around to see each one of the three true princess candidates. “The dance lesson has ended for the day. Dismissed, Princess Candidates!”
Each candidate exited the room. I moved ahead last with a big smile in silence.
Several days later….


Day Nine Princess Candidate Training


9th hour (early morning)
Flat, green tinted pasture field
Blue sky, white clouds with yellow sun at 77ºF


Weapons Class came before the final royal Engagement Party which boggled my mind but required my undivided attendance, and I didn’t mind, since I liked destroying something. I sighed with fun.
Underneath a blue sky, a line of princess candidates stood upright on top of a carpet of manicured green tinted grass and beside a short metal silver tinted side table that contained a row of metal tinted deadly weapons. Her princess candidate wore a short shirt, a pair of boots, and a sleeveless shirt in their unique princess color. I wore the color of fiery pink as I had always selected pink type clothing even as an earthling. 
“Hold the maser in your dominant hand like this and then shoot the great big high target on the long and wide board over there.” Maser Weapon Instructor stood beside the first short side table with an array of shiny short and long weapons and cupped a smooth maser inside his palm, pointing at an individual object for destruction 1,000 feet from his boot toes and the row of princess candidates.
He wore a pair of tan trousers, a matching vest over a short white colored tee shirt, displaying average height and a muscular body frame with a head of cropped brow hair, a pair of green eyes, and a tone of dark skin. He did not fire but continued to point at the paper target of a colorful dragon picture in red, purple, and green. He turned and smiled at the nose profile on Tia, the daughter of Marquis Tok and Marquise Lee. 
Tall and slender with dark skinned tone, Lady Tia wore her assigned red colored short skirt with a pair of leather hand gloves without a matching tiara, displaying a glowing tone of dark skin, a pair of dark eyeballs, and a head of long black hair.
Tia held the deadly maser, fired out a red colored discharge wave and then hit the food refreshment table which was forty feet from the standing row of princess candidates on the left side in the grass field. The food refreshment table continued to burn in a stack of red and yellow fire flames. Ybots or the row of yard robots swiftly raced to the fiery blaze, before it reached the standing row of orange and green storage buildings.
Each candidate laughed with amusement but Starra.
“That’s not funny!” Tia dropped the warm maser down on the manicured grass and continued to stand remarking in face tears as each shiny moisture tear glittered in the sunlight.
The Maser Weapon Instructor continue to stand at his assigned short table and deeply sighed with disappointment at the poor performance with the true Princess Candidate from the post marked second round of the intended target practice. No princess candidate had hit, by purpose or accident, the great big gigantic thirty-six feet paper poster of an ugly red stationary bird without wings which was 102 feet from the line of females.
The maser weapon was an interesting piece of man-made creation appearing in a small rectangular shape with three individual buttons on each side that was used to shoot the object while each button rotated side to side for the user depending on their hand position, the target range, and the deadly intent. I sighed with intrigue.
Maser Weapon Instructor insulted instead of helping as a royal advisor. He offered no positive advice for each young female using a deadly weapon, only his deeply sighs, animal grunts, and ugly frowns. I sighed with purpose.
My turn!
I wiggled side to side shaking my hips inside the short pink tinted skirt and continued to stand beside my personal table with numerous weapons, rolling my eyeballs into the back of my skull, looking ahead with a sour frown. I waved both of arms in the air above my non-crowned silver tinted hair roots and dropped both arms, slapping my naked legs while viewing my selected target. I reached over with a loud burp from the delicious breakfast meal and gently touched the smooth tint on the deadly weapon, lifting it in the air, lecturing to each female as an armed and true farm girl. “Ladies, shooting a target requires many hours, days, and years of practice.” I aimed at the target, held my breath, and then discharge a red tinted deadly ray from the maser in my right shooting hand as the fake bird, its inner paper board, and its outer paper borders on top of the green manicured grass burst into a stack of tall red, yellow and blue flames. I sighed with pride.
A new row of Ybots swiftly flew ahead toward the new fiery blaze, before it reached the forest line of healthy trees.
“You’re an expert shot, Lady Starra! I’m impressed with your weapons performance.” Maser Weapon Instructor continued to stand but wiggled side to side with excitement at the burning object, clapping with silliness.
I continued to stand in fury and turned with a sour frown, outlining the warm metal between my five finger pads while wondering if he needed a new lesson from an alien as well as a new advisor attitude adjustment which the maser could do both for him and me. I exhaled with annoyance and returned back to see the pile of burnt ashes as each Ybot spilled out foam to squash the tall plume of red and yellow fire. I growled out loud. “Years of practice!”
Maser Weapon Instructor swiftly appeared and stood beside Starra, reaching out, jerking the warm maser from her fingers while reading her mind, naw, her snarl. He replaced the used weapon on top of the metal table and moved ahead, standing in front of the line of princess candidates, nodding with a smile to each female. “Since you have completed each one of my lessons for today, I will be assigning a maser to carry around with you as the designated noble Princess Candidate at all times in case of emergency….”
“What!” I gasped in alarm and waved both of my naked arms in the air, shouting out loud with panic. “Excuse me here! Did I hear the words from your thin lips correctly here? You are giving each one of them a maser weapon, a real and alive, deadly weapon that kills people and harms animals.”
He nodded with a smile to Starra. “It is a direct royal order coming directly from Prince Rann, himself,” the instructor moved ahead and pointed down to the second table with Tia, nodding at the deadly maser weapon.
I exhaled with annoyance again and snarled with frustration, back stepping from the table, spinning around and dashed away from the class and my three princess classmates toward the open archway of the silly painted green and purple colored royal castle. I yelled both loudly and rudely. “Please, excuse me for a moment, ladies! I have another quickie appointment. But I will not return,” sneering.
I rapidly stormed in a pair of cute gray colored leather boots into the same green and purple ugly Throne Room without a permission slip. A set of three royal honor guards followed my buttonhole, since the other three individuals were sporting a pair of black eyes within an unconscious state of temporary slumber for the rest of the morning, and maybe, early afternoon.
I halted with a row of tall and short body heaters burning into my rear and quickly spun around with a shout out. “Scat!” Each royal guard halted with a gasp and slowly back stepped off my pair of boot heels while tumbling toward the open archway while Ivan and Rann continued to sit at the small side table, eye burning Starra.
I swung back around and continued to my march yelling out loud at Rann, “Weapons! Why are you giving these teen girls a maser to play with, Rann? These kids can’t hit the side of a horse barn with a pile of rocks much less with a deadly maser. Geez!”
At the table, Rann continued to sit and smirked at Starra. He wore his traditional white sleeveless vest with a pair of matching slacks that were neatly tucked down into a pair of shiny and polished black colored knee boots without the ceremonial sash with colored military pins and one gold medal. He turned with a nod to see the nose profile on Ivan, speaking softly. “Please excuse us for a few minutes, Ivan.”
Ivan slowly stood upright from the padded green colored chair and wore a tan colored uniform with long sleeve, sneering at Starra. He scooted backwards from the table, sidestepped toward the side wall and then halted, reaching out and tapped the wall. The side wall in purple paint loudly growled and produced a new open archway that revealed a dark hole inside the throne room, traveling down by a set of wooden stairs.
I halted with a gasp a few feet from Rann and stared at the new archway in awe. I gotta get a new bot with a set of better mapping features for Rann’s castle. 
Ivan slowly spun to see the new opening and moved down each step with a loud clomp. Once he had reached the third step, the new opening swiftly closed up with the sliding door.
At the side table, Rann continued to sit and cleared his throat. Starra turned and stared at Rann. He nodded with a smile at Starra. “The side of a horse barn with a pile of rocks, I have never vocal heard that odd expression, Starra. Who did you learn it from, Starra? But I do understand the simple concept. The three other princess candidates are inept with a weapon. They cannot hit anything as large as a barn or a building. That’s very clever, Starra.” He shook his bone skull with a chuckle.
I parked both of my folded fists on my fitted waistband and shouted out loud. “Rann, I am not amused.”
He lifted a palm near his grin, “All right! Each princess candidate will not receive a deadly weapon per your order. How about a fake one?”
“A fake one, do you mean a toy.”
“Great idea, Starra! I’ll issue each one a toy maser just for some royal princess fun.” He jabbed a finger at Starra with a head nod, “You’re doing a great job of security with the three Princess Candidates, Starra. Have I told you that lately?” He dropped his hand and nodded with a smile again.
I continued to stand in both disbelief and annoyance in silence.
He slowly stood upright from the chair and moved ahead, stopping a few inches from her face.
I could smell his cologne and view his soft lips.
He reached out and grabbed her naked forearm, cuddling into his arm with a smile, slowly spinning them around to face the open archway. He slowly escorted her into the lobby of the throne room, which was empty, and leaned over with a smile into her cheekbone. “I’m so glad that I did. Keep up the excellent work! And I’ll promote you quickly, Starra.” He stopped inside the lobby room of solid purple hue and squeezed her arm with a chuckle slowly releasing her, bowing at his fit waistline. He stood upright with a wink and spun around, entering back into the throne room, closing the door.
I slowly spun around and followed the back spine on Rann, softly giggling with a smile, rubbing my arm that held his smell. The throne room door closed. I slowly back stepped from the lobby space and continued to stare at the closed door while hoping for another encounter with Rann. I back stepped out into the hallway without people and spun around with a smile, slowly moving ahead down a green colored hallway with delight from my princess decision and my man Rann.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Ivan stood stationary and larger than life while blocking my footpath to the set of exit doors. I carefully stalked ahead to him and halted two feet from his large chest as I was short compared to his tallness. 
Ivan slowly advanced ahead and stopped one feet and three inches from her forehead while sneering down into her hair roots. “Rann is going to marry my daughter Kia. He plans to announce their royal wedding engagement at the party tonight.”
I gasp at his chest and looked up with a sneer into his grin. “Tonight is not the official royal engagement party, since tomorrow night is. And I wasn’t told.”
He leaned down into her eyeball sockets with a deep and angry growl. “I am informing you now. The royal marriage will be announced tonight. Then, you are finished as the bodyguard within the royal family and anywhere else within my universe. You next duty will be the unemployment line, Starra.” I sighed with depression.
Ivan stood upright with a slight chuckle and quickly scooted around a stunned and short Starra, slowly moving ahead, disappearing around the wall corner.
I continued to stand and exhaled with annoyance, slowly moved ahead, passing the entertainment room which was empty as each Princess Candidate was inside a personal room and priming for party tonight. I sighed without beauty.
Kia was a sweet, kind, and understanding female, but she didn’t love Rann. She didn’t want to marry him either or become his princess permanently. Kia loved someone else. I sighed with confusion.
Ivan was totally wrong. My bodyguard duty was not finished yet. Rann was not going to marry me, because all the clues were so obvious while all the hints were subtle and our boy-girl relationship was solid. I was going to get married and be the next “Princess of the Universe.” I sighed with happiness.
I stopped and stood in front of the green colored wooden door at the fitness center. I exhaled with frustration and needed some physical exercise to unwind my tense encounter with a nasty Ivan, before the fake Royal Engagement Party, which wasn’t tonight but tomorrow night. Based on Ivan’s lie, I needed to clear my overcrowded mind from all the negative energy coming from sore loser Ivan about Rann’s wrong-o marriage to Kia, instead of me.
A silly notion, I agree whole-heartedly.
I softly parted the wooden door and viewed Rann, who was dressed in white T-shirt and a pair of running shorts.
Nice legs! 
He stood in front of the weight stand, lifting up a set of 25 lbs of weight in each hand flexing his bicep with his leg stance apart and a pair of bent knees, wearing a black short-sleeved tee shirt and a matching pair of running shoes with white tinted sneakers.
I moved inside the fitness room with a smile and stopped a few feet from his body.
He continued to pump the iron with both hands and stared at Starra with a chuckle. “Have you heard the good news, Starra?”
“Uh! No, I have not heard the good new. What good news?” I smiled.
He pumped an iron weigh in each hand into his chest, smiling at the same time. “I’m going to marry Kia. The wedding announcement will be proclaimed tonight.” He nodded with a grin and leaned down, lowering the pair of weight.
I continued to stand dumbfounded, shocked, stunned, and speechless.
He lowered the pair of hand weights down to the floor and dropped down, sliding his body on top of the floor, performing his first set of push-ups.
My mind drifted into cold and dark outer space with my mental nightmare and as a string of soft words stupidly spilled out form my parted lips. “Kia, she is a very nice girl and will be a very proper ‘Princess of the Universe’ for you.” I sighed with wrongness.
I was the girl for you. It was me but that wasn’t my royal decision. This was Rann’s life, his decision, and his life without me. I sighed with sadness.
Rann quickly rotated through fifteen push-ups with ease and slowly stood upright from the floor, stretching out each calf muscle in place, slowly twisting his fitted waistline to the right and then to the left. Then he dropped down both calf muscles and slowly dashed ahead jogging on top of the indoor track.
I continued to stand and watch Rann in silent disappointment. He dashed in a completed circle, stopped, and jumped on the leg machine while working out his calf muscles with a set of heavy grunts.
I was not going to marry Rann. Ivan was going to discharge me from my present princess job. Then I would be unemployed again.
I dropped the single hand weight of 15 lbs down from my five finger pads where I had not remembered picking up from the weight stand. I watched the hand weight fall as planet gravity took over. It landed down in silence on top of the lush soft black colored carpet and rolled ahead to the metal bench, hitting the standing object with a loud clang.
On the leg machine, Rann leaped off and dashed ahead with a smile, reaching down without halting with a chuckle, lifting up the hand weight into his chest. He stopped and stood in front of Starra with a stern face. “Well, I do believe that you have had enough fun exercise for the day, Starra.”
“No, I don’t think I have.” I snapped back with a sting and reached out for the hand weight from his gripe.
He back stepped from her with a stern face and cuddled the hand weight for protection and then stopped, shaking his bone skull with a sweaty face “You must not to be late for the royal announcement at the party tonight.”
I sneered with fury. “I will not be late. I am never late. I am always on time and dependable.”
He nodded with a smile and reached over, placing the hand weight back into the slot. “You’re very dependable, Starra. I admire that quality about you.”
I wasn’t in a happy mood right now for talking, chatting or getting compliments. I wanted to be left alone and ponder my life without Rann within the new third alien time line. I sighed with sadness.
“How about a session of hand-to-hand combat, Starra?” He laughed and advanced closer to her.
I snarled with annoyance, “Why?”
He stopped and bent his knees holding both of his hands in the air at the width of his shoulder span. “Are you afraid of a little hand-to-hand combat with me, Starra?”
I exhaled with annoyance and shouted out loud, “No, Rann. I ain’t afraid of you ever and never and period!”
“En guard!” He stood in place and wore a smirk of arrogance.
I didn’t hesitate and slammed my right fist into the middle on his sweaty black colored tee shirt, hitting his eight-pack abs with a slight sting on my knuckles, sneering in fury. I jerked back my right fighting hand and aimed it at his naked throat, growling with the animal attack, hitting his jaw line instead.
He endured her painful punishment very well and then back steps from my third attack before another bodily injury.
I felt great. Maybe, I should hit Rann more often, when I get mad at him.
I aimed and flung an open palm directly at the stupid grin on his handsome face.
Rann reached out with both waving hands and stopped her right hand mid-stream in the air with a painful grip on her knuckles from an upcoming face slap, smiling with a chuckle.
I continued to stand and loudly grunted with pain, panting breathes of annoyance. I sighed with angry.
He had stopped her flowing hand.
I was unstoppable and no one ever defeated me, because I was great Lady Starra and then awesome Commander Starra and then finally the slick alien Starra. I sighed with honor.
I desired to slap Rann off the planet of Commerce and out from the universe via the wormhole. I quickly lifted up my left palm and targeted precisely at his left cheekbone for an instant moment of his pain and my pleasure.
Rann halted the gracious flow of her left hand motion holding Starra at her wrist bones with all his ten finger pads.
I embraced my fuming fiery fury.
Rann is stronger than I.
I couldn’t move or breathe or react as I was too stunned, mad, hurt, angry, upset, and done. I was done with Rann and his childish silly acts towards me. He could capture a princess, who was young, silly, and uneducated. I was not that type of girl and I didn’t care for Rann anymore. I sighed with nothingness.
I jerked both of my wrist bones to freedom from his strong man-gripe and announced with a fake smile. “Good job, prince!”
Rann smiled and then bent down at his fitted waistline for respect, standing upright, staring at her and spun around, exiting her gray eyesight foreverly.
On the 6th hour of an early evening, I moved down an empty purple colored hallway wearing my shimmery silver tinted gown of tiny, sharply pointy sequins over my body and a matching shiny diamond tiara on top of my silver tinted hair roots. I sighed with numbness.
I entered the room alone. The high and wide dance room was painted in puke green colors with a light colored wooden floor for dancing and overcrowded with more than the usual citizens with a set of colorful fancy clothes for the upcoming surprise announcement with the “Princess of the Universe” event.
At least Rann was not parading each pretty Princess Candidate around the open space like a bunch of satin ribbon circus horses with their master. There was not an escort tonight for each candidate, only a fun time.
I sweetly desired to forget all about the Princess Selection Committee, the three Princess Candidates and the Royal Prince. I sighed with melancholy.
I felt sad, depressed, and thirsty while waltzing my pair of silver tinted high heeled fashion sandals over to the light colored wooden beverage bar counter, barging in the front line and then ignored each smiling guests. Some of the guests were shouting at my buttonhole.
I stopped and nosily pounded my right fist on top of the counter and princessly commanded in a high pitches soprano voice. “Wbot, what do you recommend for a broken heart?” I slammed my hand into the pointed silver tinted sequins on my gown that hid my healthy but broken heart organ.
Behind the granite bar counter, Wbot flew backwards and halted right before hitting a green colored wall of clean and empty glass tumblers and rows of colored bottles on numerous shelves, reaching out, grabbing a tiny glass with one metal limb and a bottle of brown colored liquid. The robot slowly flew ahead and stopped, gently placing the two items on top of the wood, carefully pouring the brown colored liquid down into the short empty glass tumbler. It gently shoved the partially full glass to Starra.
I exhaled with annoyance and reached out, grabbing the cool tumbler, lifting it up into my face and downed the brown liquid in a few seconds. The tart fluid burnt my pink tongue, my pink throat, my long esophagus and all the way down into the lining of my empty stomach. Then the hot sensation traveled down through my body hitting each tip on my aqua painted toes. 
I dropped the empty tumbler down onto the soft wood and breathed with a loud grunt, inhaling a set of heavy air molecules, burping out loud. I nodded with a smirk at the floating silver tinted trash can “Yeah, Wbot! This will take the sting off for a few seconds. Do you have a bigger glass tumbler?”
Behind the bar counter, Wbot continued to hover in the air and reached over with a metal limb, gently grabbing an eight-inched tall glass tumbler.
I nodded my curls in silence acknowledgement and reached out grabbing the bottle of brown liquid and the new empty glass tumbler, sidestepping from the counter and spun around. I slowly moved ahead without dancing to the jazzy musical song and scanned each green tinted wall for an unoccupied corner, seeing something better, a gray colored secret side door that led into a new hidden passageway. I sighed with pity.
I didn’t feel like socializing with a citizen made of flesh, blood, or bones, since I had found a new friend for the boring evening.
I strolled across the floor of numerous fast moving dancers and then slammed my upright body into the side wall, touching it with my knuckles, activating the secret hidden panel with my telekinesis. The door slide open.
I slowly entered the secret hallway and moved ahead over the purple colored tile floor waiting on my dress train to catch up with my footsteps. I performed a Tele slam behind my buttonhole.
The side door slammed shut from the loud and obnoxious celebration event.
I moved down an empty hallway of purple hue without windows and stopped with a smile, finding a tiny storage closet on the rear wall, performing a T-jerk on the door. The metal door flung open. I slowly entered through the open archway, seeing a low brown tinted ugly short sofa, slamming the door shut again with a Tele pull, sitting down on top of the small sofa cushions with a sour frown. I started consuming the brown liquid one tumbler at a time in silence with an occasional burp of musical harmony.
Inside the hidden storage closet, I could still hear the loud trumpets tooting and drum rolls banging before the royal engagement announcement by Rann.
I poured the last ounce of the brown liquid from an empty bottle and downed the fiery contents while drowning out an obvious obnoxious offensive noise, soaking up my sad sour sorrow inside my broken heart.
On the dance floor, the drums, the trumpets, and the voices stopped ringing inside the auditorium as my broken heart sunk down into the ocean water figuratively.
I didn’t know if there was an ocean of water located here on Planet Commerce.
Then my broken heart hit down into my empty belly chemically or biologically or figuratively as I waited for the royal announcement for one second and then two second and finally three seconds.
Then I could hear loud screams, yells, and shouts coming from the dance floor.
Wow! Every citizen had been left speechless without a word from the surprise princess girl, only screams of joy. I sighed with amusement.
Hold the comfone! I didn’t hear a name coming from the sexy baritone voice on Rann. I sighed with mystery.
I slowly stood upright from the metal chair and performed a Tele balance while steadying my folded body upward from that dangerous move, wobbling on all four sandals.
Good, so far.
I cautiously strolled ahead from the low sofa to the closed door and then used all four hands to find the door knob. I opened the door, so my three legs could march outside the storage room. I safely emerged out from tiny storage room and dragged my dress train to the side door.
I reached out with my forty fingers and touched the door knob, slamming the metal open.
The bright light invaded my four eyeballs as I viewed three active dance floors. I slowly moved ahead and entered the dance floor without stopping.
Keep going!
I felt kinda funny but smelled the rows of sweet perfumed flowers inside the garden on the bricked patio as each warm body danced around me and bombard my eardrums with their screams while a breezy wind hit my sweaty freckles.
I slowly tilted my silver curls upward and as my neck muscles arched and ached in pain, clearly seeing starship that hovered over the dance floor ceiling. Then I slowly flash backed mentally one hour ago, when a high vaulted, purple colored ceiling had covered the entire dance floor.
I swiftly flashed present that the ugly purple ceiling was gone. 
I blinked up at a silver tinted warship while a set of falling obstacles dropped down from the belly of the metal. I looked down and eye burned my empty bottle of brown liquid in my right hand with a whisper. “This stuff is affecting my active brain cells.”
I looked up and eye gleamed the missing ceiling for a second time. Yup!
A ram ship hovered over the missing ceiling and a set of hanging silver tinted cords were dangling down from its metal belly like a puppet.
Three Green Fabrics repelled down each cord from the ship and landed deftly on top of the polished dance floor, standing right in front of my face. Then, each one swiftly scattered like a nest of gray cute field mice everywhere around the dance floor.
Green Fabric number one reached out and grabbed Fia, who was Marquis Tok’s daughter. Green Fabric number two tugged on the dangling steel cable and ascended back up into the open belly of the ram ship with Tia, who was Viscount Lad’s daughter. Finally, Green Fabric number three pulled Kia, who was General Ivan’s daughter into both his arms and then disappeared among the bright moonlight and twinkling stars inside the belly of the warship. I sighed with defeat.
“Stang!” I whispered for my eardrums only as I was the bodyguard for each teen female, so I had failed, naw, failed. I had forgotten my royal protection duty as the royal body guard for each precious Princess Candidate.
Tok dashed ahead, stopped, and stood in front of her and bad breathed over the silver tinted hair roots on Starra, waving both arms in the air, yelling out loud. “Do something!”
I did.
I passed out from consciousness and landed down on the hard tile with a soft sigh and a hard thump.
A few minutes later, I screamed out loud. “Stang!” I was drowning on top of the dry dance floor from a tall pail of hard ice cubes and freezing cold fresh water, violently hitting my freckles, neck, and chest.
“Commander Starra!” Ivan squatted down on his kneecaps and yelled into the wet eardrum on Starra, reaching at her arm, swiftly jerking her upright in the air. He placed her down on the floor and waved both arms in the air while screaming out loud at Starra. “Where were you? The three princess candidates have all been kidnapped.”
I wobbled side to side and shook my soaked dress, my wet hair, and my aching bone skull with my body wave, awakening from my short sleepy nap, spraying each cold water droplets on a noble within my target range. I exhaled with annoyance and softly voiced with closed eyelashes. “Don’t shout. My ears work perfectly.” I could see, hear, and smell everyone, including me. I sighed with naptime.
“We need to find each girl before, before something terrible happens to them.” Ivan exhaled with worry as one of the princess candidate was his daughter.
So I would be worried if my biological daughter had been taken from me without my consent. I sighed with purpose.
I stumbled ahead with an un-steady limp to bar counter and stopped, staring down at the mini-bot on top of the wood, wiping both my wet hands with a dry towel. This stuff was hot electrical equipment. I desired not to get fried like a potato chip.
I reached down and pressed three buttons in a rapid secession pattern as the comlen flashed into life, showing three blimps on the blue screen, appearing as three red circles. I blinked numerous times and adjusted my four eyeballs into two, clearing my throat, pointing down at the screen. “They are on Resort.”
Ivan, Rann, Ty, and Tok swiftly dashed ahead and stopped, surrounding Starra, staring down at the activated mini-bot comlen.
I continued to point down each blinking red dot in silence since my head, heart, and finger nail continued to ache with new pain.
“I don’t understand. How are you getting this image?” Ivan stood beside Starra and stared with puzzlement down at the screen.
I inhaled new air molecules and held my stinky breath staring down at the screen. “I planted a tracing beacon inside each toy.” I sighed with brilliance.
Rann stood on the other side of Starra and stared with a chuckle of delight down at the screen. “The fake maser represents one female. The fake maser is tracking their hidden location. Very good, Starra!”
I mentally recalled the clever quote coming from jack-hole Dirk: The intellect overcomes all obstacles. I sighed with pride.
“Move it!” Ivan bumped into Starra and leaned down into my face, bad breathing into my nostrils. “That direct order includes you, as well, Commander,” he quickly side stepped and spun around, moving ahead to the open entrance archway.
A barrage of numerous royal honor guard units, Militia personnel, pilots, nobles, and Rann exited the dance hall and raced down a crowded hallway to the docking bay with parked zipper, carrier, and passenger space craft. I sighed with dizziness.
In front of the bar counter, I slowly back stepped and then carefully spun around, slowly limping from the bar toward the open archway on my four sandals while dragging on my ‘three legs, pulling my torn dress train behind my buttonhole like a caboose.
I finally reached the archway and exited the dance hall, slowly moving down an empty hallway, exhaling with sour breath. Then I arrived inside the archway into the ship docking bay and stared at the lonely sliver tinted zipper ship, figuring out that my gown and I could not fit into that tiny cockpit.
I moved ahead and stopped, standing beside my parked ship, looking down at my long dress, lifting up the dress hem. I exposed my naked leg and reached down, carefully pulling out my silver tinted dagger with my fifteen fingers on my right hand from the hidden spot inside my third left thigh that was tied with a pretty gray satin ribbon. I leaned down and slowly sliced off the horizontal hem down across my three kneecaps without seeing blood. 
Good, so far!
The piece of gray fabric swiftly dropped down onto the smooth vanilla colored concrete platform. I returned the dagger.
Well, I couldn’t return the dagger with cutting my leg. So, i dropped the dagger on the floor and looked up to see the tall ladder on the side of the zipper.
I reached out and slowly climbed with twenty-five finger pads and sixteen toe bones up the steep four-pronged ladder, sliding down into the small and crammed cockpit, sitting quietly inside a cold leather seat. I scanned the scene. The hanger was empty, since every space vessel had gone but me.
I slowly adjusted the webbing belt around my body for protection and exhaled with worry.
I closed my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I felt a little bit better as I needed to do more healing for this massive developing upcoming soon-to-be hangover which I didn’t see with my lousy teleclairvoyance talent.
During my short Earth Tele training, I had told earthling leader Peter that I didn’t possess true teleclairvoyance. Else, I would be at home on Planet Earth, sitting on my living room sofa, eating a plate of warm spaghetti.
Inside the new galaxy, in the zipper cockpit, I opened my eyeballs and exhaled with a stable mental mind. Now, it was time to perform my last duty as the royal babysitter, naw, bodyguard, since I didn’t have a new job after this gooey fudge brownie mistake. I sighed with misery.
I didn’t bother to crank the cold engine on the starship and engaged a Tele lift, steering with a Tele flight from the hanger dock and into cold and black outer space for final babysitting mission. I sighed with annoyance.
Inside my zipper ship within outer space, I performed a T-scan with my telepathy scanning the stars, the planets, and the empty space ahead of my ship while seeking the enemy, the three girls, and the ram ship. I passed each colorful planet of Bio, Uni, Agri, Tech World, and artificial space station of Militia, seeing the Wall.
The Wall was actually the universe’s version of a permanent space traffic control center as the solar system was formed on two parallel planes and separated by a supernatural phenomenon called the “Wall.” The Wall was located in the heart of the two universes and composed of space rock, debris, and other radiated space trash.
Inside the pilot seat, I reached down and cranked the cold engine, feeling the two heated afterburners through the shield, soaring ahead toward a group of starships. I surveyed a set little tiny silver bugs buzzing up and down the Wall. Each metal bug represented a rescue pilot searching for an easy entrance through the Wall and into the other side on the galaxy.
I executed a T-spot with my telekinesis on a small crack accelerating my zipper into dangerous hyper speed and then violently jammed my body and my zipper into that small opening on the farthest end of the pilots. I whispered for my eardrums only and exhaled with sour breath, “Let’s get this over with, so I can go back to my room and sleep for the rest of the day and night and not tomorrow’s afternoon.” I rubbed both hands over my wet freckles as the sound awaked each dead warrior from yesterday on Planet Commerce.
“Starra, wait up!” Rann steered his personal zipper ship sideways after seeing Starra’s performance, shouting into his comfone that echoed into her ship also.
“No! You come and get me!” I exited the Wall and reached over with a finger, switching off my comfone. I sighed with annoyance.


Planet Resort
10th hour (late evening)
Brown colored sky without clouds and moonbeams at 46ºF


I steered my ship toward Planet Resort and sailed over the rough dirt, swiftly landing my zipper down on Planet Resort that didn’t host a single citizen or fun party. My zipper slid over the wet surface and then halted with a jolting impact gridding my teeth. However, I was wearing my web netting.
I released the netting from my body and reached over, slamming open the hatch door with a stern face, sliding down onto the ground. “But the girls…” I stepped my right naked foot inside my dress sandal down in a pile of fresh green cold swampy water as I did not fall out from the hatch and onto my face, “Stang!”
The reason for my odd visit to a dead planet in the middle of the night, I pulled out my right naked foot from the green muck and held the wet sandal into the air, planting both sandals down on top of the wet brown dirt. I reached over and grabbed the mini-bot from side seat tracing my ion signature on the ram ship that held the three kidnapped princess brides of Rann. I sighed with defeat.
I didn’t bother looking backwards but heard a set of roaring engines above my hair roots.
Two zippers had swiftly emerged out from the Wall four seconds later coming through the provided single hole opening which had been made by Starra.
On the wet ground, I slowly marched through the wet muck and performed a T-probe with my telepathy on the two soaring zippers, since I was in no mood for any more surprises. I discovered Rann and Ty were housed inside an individual zipper ship with the rest of the Militia pilot slowly pathing to my position for the rescue.
I slowly trotted away from my zipper without a weapon as usual but Rann might protect my buttonhole. I performed a T-scan with my telepathy sensing no trouble, no pirates, and no kidnappers. I sighed with strangeness.
I slowly waddled through a green valley trail of overgrown small scrub bushes and rows of annoying flower plants while tripping over each piece of ground greenery in my wet sandals, strolling into the swampy green everglades. My naked feet soaked down into a pool of green slimy water and as I executed a T-sense and found a presence behind my buttocks, gasping in fear, quickly spinning around to see Rann and Ty.
They ran like a pair of little girls through the thick green muck.
I giggled and watching them swing side to side. I spun around and moved ahead to a parked ram ship strolling with a pair of wet feet and a torn gown to a set of blinking three red colored dots that darkened into a crimson red hue on the mini-bot screen. I drew closer to the real set of princess brides as my eardrums heard a series of loud sounds coming from inside the ram ship which had been drowned down into tons of muddy black water and numerous tall green tinted weeds.
I halted at the ship and lifted up a right shoe sole in the air, moving toward the first exposed prong of ladder.
“Halt!” Rann shouted out loud and dashed ahead toward Starra.
“What!” I slowly spun around with annoyance and dropped the feet down into the tall grass, staring at Rann.
He passed Starra and stepped on the first prong, traveling up the short ladder, entering through the open hatchway.
I scooted sideways and leaned into the wet metal folding naked arms over the pointy sequins, staring at the forward view of green and wet swamps, “Fine by me!”
“Did you say something, Starra?” Ty appeared and stopped, standing in front of the body guard wearing a stern face and a raised eyebrow, left.
“Naw! Nothing! Never! Not me!” I shook my wet curls without the visual lip snarl, but I did do it mentally. I sighed with angry.
“O! Rann, you’re so brave,” an invisible female with a loud soprano voice shouted out loud inside the ram ship.
“I hurt my ankle. Can you carry me out from this warship, Rann?” A second invisible female with an alto voice shouted out loud inside the ram ship.
“I was so scared. But, you can here to save me,” a third invisible female with an alto voice shouted out loud inside the ram ship.
“O brother!” I continued to lean against the wet metal on the exterior ship and wore a fake smile.
Ty continued to stand below the opening at the ladder and turned with a sour frown to see the nose profile on Starra. “Do you say something Commander?”
“Naw! Nothing! Never! Not me!” I shook my wet curls without the visual lip snarl, but I did do it mentally. I sighed with angry.
“Then my two eardrums must have been mistaken,” he frowned.
“Must be!” I looked down the muddy water hoping something bad didn’t live there.
“Did you say something, Commander?” He continued to stand, stare, and frown at Starra.
“Naw! Nothing! Never! Not me! Nope! Not a thing, sir.” I looked up and viewed the new set of sounds in the closed distance above the green valley of wet swamp. An approaching set of four royal honor guard units perched on each step of a robotic carriage for each princess candidate and the royal pair of Rann and Ty.
Rann and each female slowly dropped down from the ship hatch, landing inside the biceps on Ty without getting a foot wet while screaming with an evil laugh of fun. Ty spun around and waddled through the wet swamp, placing a female inside one of the warm and comfortable carriages. Each carriage lifted up from the wet and flew off the planet.
I continued to lean against the wet metal and stared at the fleeing ship. Finally, each female was saved from the rescue. Rann and Ty spun around and waddled back through the water toward their zipper ship, lifting up, leaving the planet also. I sighed with defeat.
I slowly stood upright with a deep sigh and moved ahead to my zipper as my curls throbbed with pain. My feet were wet and my hands were cold from dark, damp air on destroyed Planet Resort. I felt awful and might hurl something out from my empty stomach. I sighed with sickness.
“Starra!” Ivan stood in the middle of the green swampy weeds without the hand wave, shouting out loud.
“Stang!” I whispered while hoping to explain this mess tomorrow morning. O! It was tomorrow morning already. 
Ivan was not very jolly by golly, puffing out his pair of fat cheeks, appearing mad, angry, furious, and maybe desired greatly to kill something. He sneered at her.
I marched forward while getting closer as he blocked my direct footpath to my zipper. I planned to make this meeting swift, short, and sweet, nosily clearing my throat and then shouted out loud with a stern face, “I quit.” I swiftly scooted around him and slowly waddled through the swamp water, entering into my zipper ship. I sighed with defeat.
Alien Day 93


Planet Commerce
Castle proper of Starra
Blue sky with white clouds and yellow sun at 67ºF
7th hour (early morning)


Inside the living room with one piece of ratty furniture, I squatted down in front of the side wall of peeling yellow paint with a musical hum and slowly placed each precious bauble of diamonds, emeralds, rubies, and sapphires on top of the dirty chartreuse (that’s greenish-yellow) floor inside the foyer at my Bonita mansion with a smile. I still owned the property as the sweet thoughtful gift from Rann. I sighed with delightfulness.
I could use each jeweled trinket that I had worn as a fake princess candidate for food, shelter, and surviving here within the new galaxy. I had lost my only work job for a second time or maybe it was a third time or maybe…forever. I sighed with freedom.
My house appeared in bad shape with rows of chipping paint on each ugly chartreuse wall, an array of broken white shudders on each exterior window, an assortment of dangling white tiles from the rooftop, and finally an overgrown yard with wild and tall green trees, red overgrown plant bushes, and patches of pretty red and pink wild flowers. I had Bot. Ivan had taken my work job, not my robot.
Bot worked cleaning the dirty kitchen. I sighed with laziness.
I possessed plenty of free time now and planned to re-decorate my personal mansion while deserving a long quiet vacation foreverly. I sighed with inactivity.
My faithful metal friend Bot examined each one of the exotic gems and noted rare with an excellent tone of clarity and color, since Prince Rann had good taste. And I had sellable cash to repair my old homestead as I had retired from the Militia while leading a nice, quiet, and peaceful life without all the difficulties of the crown, the kingdom, the nobles, the princesses, a fat Ivan, a short Kona, a pretty Za, all the commoners, and the freaking entire universe.
Do you get the foto now!
Bang! The front door on my mansion slammed open into the side wall.
Geez! I needed to get that door fixed also.
I leaped up from the floor and side stepped with a gasp of alarm, seeing two Gbots. A Gbot was a tall and slender silver tinted trashcan that was used exclusively by the king of the universe.
But, you knew that!
Each Gbot flew ahead from the open archway, entered her living room setting, and then stopped, hovering in the air, forming an empty aisle for some purpose.
Rann appeared and stood inside the open archway with a stern face in silence.
I was not silent and stood in place, shouting out loud, “Rann!” I wore one of my cute gray uniforms with a straight skirt, a sleeveless shirt, and a pair of matching thigh-high boots. I didn’t possess any other clothes but the formal gowns of dead and buried Lady Ann of Planet Bonita. I sighed with angry.
Rann slowly strutted down ahead and moved through the empty space between the two robots, veering toward the side wall, viewing the peeling paint. He stopped and stood in front of the broken glass pane at the row of windows, saying to the glass, not Starra. “I believe your prompt greeting should be: Good morning, Your Highness.”
I continued to stand in place and sneered loudly. “What!
He spun around and growled at her, “Your Highness! And this is not a social call, Starra.”
I growled back. “Well, I’m not in much of a social mood or move. Get out, man! This is my home.”
He continued to stand in place and scanned the empty room, looking down at dirty floor, viewing the wall of precious gems.
I continued to stand and rolled my eyeballs, crossing my arms. Yesterday, we had been good buddies, friends, and pals. Today, we are not. I sighed with abandonment.
“You’re not much of a decorator, Starra,” he talked to each wall, not to Starra.
“Yeah, I don’t really like decorating or performing domestic duties.”
He continued to talk to each peeling wall. “I understand that you have resigned twice.”
I exhaled with annoyance and nodded with a smile, lifting up two fingers, “Yeah! Correct! I did it twice. Can you state the same thing?” I laughed out loud with humor.
“May I ask why, Starra?” He turned and stared with a stern face at Starra. I sighed with rage.
If Rann wanted an answer to that stupid question, then he was going to get an honest one from me for a change.
I continued to stand in place and waved both of my arms in the air, shaking my hips, sneering at Rann. I dropped my arms and slapped my chest. “I’m not going to baby sit your childish princess bride, Rann. I’m not going to sacrifice my mind, my body or my soul for your convenience, anymore. I believe here that I have faithfully contributed enough of my blood for the Crown. I quit the military. I resigned my commission. I’m a civilian, now, today. You can’t give me orders to follow any more. You can’t tell me what to do, Your Highness. Now, get out, man!” I pointed back tot eh open archway with a laugh for my showy presentation while noting the sorrow face with a pair of sad brown eyeballs on Rann.
“Gbots!” Rann smiled at Starra.
“Yes, Sire!” The two Gbots droned in musical baritone harmony and stared at Starra also.
“I am repossessing your mansion. I am freezing your currs. I am seizing your furniture, clothing and all assets of your person.” Rann nodded to Starra.
I stomped the boot shoes next and growled at him. “What gives you the right to do this act?”
“I am the king.”
“O! The last time I checked, you were the prince.”
“Not any more, I’m the king of the universe.”
I continued to stand and shook my curls. I was talking with another self-centered, egotistical, crazed mad man.


I mentally flashed backward into the second alien timeline, when King Bartholomew and his royal personality had killed the numerous citizens as each citizen had been sick with a terminal disease. 


Then I mentally flashed present with my mental thoughts, Rann had become insane like King Bartholomew. I was the only sane one here quitting my boring, obnoxious, demanding work job, before Ivan had fired me for a second time within the new third alien timeline. Ivan had hundreds of many qualified body guards for Rann and his new princess bride Kia that would actually sit, heel, and fetch like a Woof dog. I sighed with insanity.
“May I ask you a question, Starra?” Rann exhaled with worry and slowly advanced to Starra.
“Maybe!” I back stepped from him with annoyance.
“Will you tell me the truth, Starra?” He softly said and continued to move closer to her.
“Maybe!” I back stepped and slammed into the peeling side wall as I was not a bot for giving out a programmed answer, because I was done with him and everything within this new universe. I just desired peace and isolation in some place else where Rann was not. I sighed with loneliness.
“Do you love me, Starra?” He stopped and stood in front of Starra with a stern face.
I stood against the rough peeling wall and as my heart sunk down into my ten numb toes. My blank mind stared at his stern face. My two kneecaps slightly buckled down a few inches and my two hands shook. My brain cells spun out of control with a set of silence internal wild mental thoughts and as my vocal cords were paralyzed.
I reached out and touched the built-in book shelf hanging onto the wall, turning to view the side glass window. I saw a flock of flying blue colored birds and numerous fluttering yellow butterflies. I felt shocked, confounded, dazed, and stunned with his words and his unjustified actions.
“I expect a yes or no answer to my question, Starra.” Rann continued to stand and stare at her nose profile saying with a string of soft words.
I continued to view the glass window and pondered the single answer of yes or no which was so simply of an answer to a single question that was so complicated.
I jerked my hand from the bookshelf and wiped off a single tear from my right eye socket, returning back to see Rann, shouting out loud with a high-pitched loud soprano voice but a shaky weak soul. “No!”
He gasped in alarm and then slowly smirked at Starra, wrapping both of his biceps around her body, leaning down and tenderly kissed her lips.
On the peeling wall, inside his arms, I melted like cold butter on a hot biscuit, enjoying his kiss of love and protection.
He pulled back from the sweet kiss and whispered into her face. “Do you truly love me, Starra?”
I continued to cuddle his hot body and exhaled with annoyance, feeling weak energy, saying softly. “No.”
Rann exhaled with frustration and released Starra, back stepping from her body, spinning around. He strutted back to the archway with his new royal order without waving a hand, “Gbots, go and arrest Lady Starra. She is to be placed inside Cell 444 on Planet Sahara right now.”
Both Gbots hovered in the air and then slowly steered ahead stirring the hot currents in the air.
I stood upright with a scowl to defend my person and my soul, jabbing all fingers ta his back spine, sneering out loud. “You can’t arrest me. I’m a civilian. You can’t tell me what to do anymore, Rann.”
He moved ahead toward the open door in silence. Each Gbot advanced ahead and opened a belly pouch, pulling out, dangling a pair of silver shiny binders in its metal appendage.
I continued to stand at the wall and gasped in shock.
“Prince Rann, my name is called to you convict.” Rann continued to move to the open archway.
“What’s my charge?” I gasped in alarm and as my eyeballs locked on two Gbots and then a pair of metal binders. I sighed with fear.
“You’re charged with lying to the Crown.” Rann shouted out loud and exited the house, moving into the bright sunlight to his royal airship.
Inside my living room, on the peeling wall, I screamed out loud with fury between each metal part on each Gbot. “You cannot charge, try, convict, and sentence me, without a jury of my peers.”
I saw nothing but a solid silver color while knowing that I just had quoted Earth justice and Earth law from my real home, not within this universe’s judicial system. Rann was the judicial system for all his people, planets, and places. I sighed with frustration.
I was very desperate, determined, and motivated to say something in my defense to change Rann’s stubborn mind. Well, maybe, I should use all of my talented T-powers and morph Rann into a toad or a snake or a lizard.
No!” A tight band of metal clicked around my two wrist bones. A free metal hand reached out and gently touched my arms, shoving me from the wall, over the dirty floor, and out the open archway of my home into the bright light. Within my Tele powers from the blinding sunshine, I didn’t see Rann. He had left my castle. 
My T-powers pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
“Really! You think so, stupid tele powers!” I whispered for my eardrums only and entered the rear compartment on a prisoner carrier ship with a sour frown and a worried mind while rattling the chains of imprisonment.


Planet Sahara
9th hour (mid-day)
Castle proper of Lord Dirk
Blue sky with yellow sun at 121ºF


On top of the worn leather seat inside the rear compartment during the short outer space ride, I was wrist cuffed to a wall railing inside the prisoner carrier ship.
I would take all of Rann’s reprimand and punishments for my non-crime. And I would survive this event, since I had survived everything else within this universe, not once, not twice, but thrice. I giggled at my wild mental thoughts. I sighed with confidence.
Rann was a little mad at me as I had answered his dumb question wrong. If you wanted my personally opinion, this was not a good reason to arrest a person because a citizen said the word, no, in your face, because I did love him. I sighed with lie.
I truly loved Rann. I had not been honest to him. I somehow always get my person into trouble for not being honest. I sighed with true love.
Inside the pale blue skyline, the prisoner carrier ship jolted with halt in the heated air waves and then swiftly dropped down onto top of the exterior landing pad as my tummy leaped up inside my throat. I coughed out loud without choking to death.
The two rear doors opened up and revealed a set of four bulky non-smiling prison guards greeting Starra with an unfriendly snarl while a set of heated sweats fell down from each hairy eyebrow within the hot sizzling sunrays.
I whispered for my eardrums only, “Really! Am I that big of a threat?”
Gbot reached over and yanked on the metal binders around her right waist.
“Whoa the running horses!” I rapidly tumbled forward and dropped down toward the floor, quickly performing a T-catch with my telekinesis, before my flesh violently hit down on golden shiny floor. I posed sorta in the air but no one bothered to comment or smile at my tele performance.
Instead, two of the four prison guards in front reached inside with a soft growl and grabbed each one of her arms, swiftly lifting Starra upright to stand in the air first and then down to pose on top of the floor second in the blistering heat and bright sunlight.
The tiny exterior landing pad was perched on the eighteenth floor on the side wall of the golden tinted prison structure in the bright sunlight and heated elements like the exterior weather pattern was going to scare a murderer or a thief or a robbery.
I continued to stand between the two humanly heated bodies without mouth drooling but mouth spitting while whispering a set of nasty names about Rann.
The two prison guards slowly shoved Starra forward and moved over the hard golden colored rock balcony, slowly traveling ahead, entering the shaded interior of gold.
I felt the cool air-conditioning wind hit my sweaty body and continued to advance down a long empty gold tinted hallway without a single pretty artwork or a warm body or a metal thing or an operating machine. I sighed with concern.
The two Gbot followed behind Starra for some reason.
The two prison guards veered around the side wall and entered a new hallway of matching golden hue while holding a petite Starra from escaping. We moved side by side like a trio of good buddies. The two prison guards stopped and turned to face a new wall with a tiny room. My assigned prison cell measured six feet tall by six feet wide by six feet high below a solid sheet of glass on the ceiling, the two walls.
Geez! That’s a coffin for a dead person.
I was measured short at five feet and one inch short, so I could technically fit comfortably inside the prison cell.
Each side wall was constructed in spaced columns of golden tinted pole, baby. The beams of blinding bright sunlight dazzled my brain cells down inside the jail cell cage and my eyeballs. Some of the smart-hole prison guards reached down into the trousers and pulled out a pair of shaded sunglasses while blinding their pair of sensitive eyeballs, laughing out loud.
My assigned prison cell comprised a perfect square with a front door of thick golden tinted matching pole columns that represented a holding pen for someone like my person. 
The third prison guard scooted around the threesome and rattled a set of keys, banging a single old fashioned metal key against a metal door, opening the vertical bars. Then the fourth prison guard reached out and shoved the back muscles on Starra into the new entrance way without success.
“S.u.c.c.e.s.s! Not!” I laughed out loud and continued to stand in place on top of the golden shimmery floor between the first and second bulky male prison guard while slowly releasing my T-hold, moving inside my new home.
A metal dial on the dark side of golden solid floor displayed 101°F. Each beam of bright sunlight blinded my eyeballs and reflected off each stationary pole.
As my captured body moved ahead into the cage, my active brain cells pondered the heated hell hole which was performing a perfect psychological ruse on a defiant mind or a dangerous mind or an un-conforming mind or an un-cooperative mind of a prisoner or just me. I sighed with reward.
“Really! Am I that big of a threat?” I whispered for my eardrums only.
Free will and free defiance were my two other awards until I planned and plotted a clever escape with my live to somewhere that Rann was living. I sighed with somewhere.
I stopped and planted my buttonhole down on top of the non-shaded floor among the rows of happy yellow colored sun beans which did not possess a single piece of furniture or a plate of cold food or a glass of warm water but only a psychological ploy for the captive. Well, I could play the psychological game too.
Water was going to be my first obstacle to overcome, since I could not recall at the moment when I had last consumed the breakfast meal. I was bored and depressed.
Food was going to be my second obstacle to overcome also.
The clever design of jail cell cage was beyond brilliant which was Rann’s idea.
A psychological challenge to my mind, there was no space or place or corner to hide from the growing bright hot morning sun rays heading up into the hot mid-day sun and then decreasing down into the hottest sunset during the late afternoon. That was going my third problem, ya’ll. I sighed with purpose.
On the 11th hour (early afternoon) inside the prison enclosure with 135°F temperatures, I was getting the “tan of the century.” I continued to rest uncomfortably on my back spine and then flipped back onto my sweaty tummy while absorbing more invisible but heated streams of ultraviolet rays which converted my skin’s melanin into a fine golden tan.
Or I might have to surrender and plead for painful mercy from Rann, who was one of my newest enemies among a growing list of enemies within the new universe. I sighed with unfriendness.


I mentally flashed backward within both the first and second alien timeline, when my enemy short list had only been composed of King Rex, his daughter Queen Rita, her boyfriend Lord Dirk, my first military officers Kona, my superior military officer Ivan and my ex-boyfriend King Bartholomew.


Then I mentally flashed present with my internal thoughts, I really didn’t possess a set of nice friends here within the three alien timeline. I slowly flipped a sunburned back spine back down on the floor. The floor wasn’t cool feeling anymore on any of my body parts as the raising heat due advanced with time and the lack of a food tray and a glass of water.
Wbot had arrived inside the tiny outer room and carried a tray of two food plates for each one of my keepers that sat at a small table, leaving the room. I sighed with hungry.
I had stripped off my pair of gray thigh-high boots, my new gray leotards, wearing the gray shirt, rolling up the hemline on my skirt to the point that I dared to exhibit more indecency on my body. The two prison guards stared with a wonderment of her next item of clothing item. I sighed with shame.
Rann was doing this thing on purpose as he wanted Starra to give up, surrender, and admit that she loved him.
On top of the floor, I nosily sighed, then silently exhaled, and finally mentally thought: I love him. However, Rann must confess and apology for his irrational silly behavior first. Then I would mention in hallway passing like two silly teens rushing to first period class that I loved him. I sighed with resolve.
I flipped back onto my stomach and performed a T-zap with my telemetabolics controlling my body heat among the hot temperatures while exhausting all of my mental, physical, and metaphysical elements. I had created a T-shield blocking out the hot intense sun rays down into the jail room cage this day but tomorrow… 
I mentally switched my mind gear and noticed the stinky odor as I sweated and smelled worse than any plantation pig on my farm, but my dark golden colored tan looked great. I sighed with hotness.
I closed my gray eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Heal.
At the 12th hour (early afternoon), I could hear a set of faint voices echoing outside my jail room and then I could see the entrance door nosily slammed opened.
The two prison guards struggled to stand and viewed the new guest with a stern face in silence.
On the floor, inside the jail cell, I did not shake, shout or snort within my physical body but performed a T-view with my teleclairvoyance seeing them within my Tele-sight perfectly).
Rann entered the tiny interior room first and wore his usual white colored vest and a matching pair of white trousers that were tucked neatly down into a pair of black polished knee boots.
Ty followed behind Rann and wore a dark green sleeveless and shirtless vest similar to Rann’s but his trousers were a matching dark green which was the theme color of Planet Agri. He always wore a crimson red sash across his chest for some reason.
Each royal male moved ahead and stopped, standing in front of the jail cell cage, viewing Starra.
I appeared within their normal eyesight as a sleeping sweaty and smelly golden thing on the heated floor.
Ty stared down at Starra with puzzlement. “What did Starra do?”
“She lied to me.” Rann stared down at Starra also
Inside the jail cell, I continued to rest on top of the heated floor with closed eyelashes while my Tele powers controlled my body heat and my mental mind seeing both Rann and Ty while I pretended to slumber in secret.
“What would Starra lie about to you, Rann? I don’t understand,” Ty stared down with a sour frown at Starra on top of the floor.
“That’s none of your affair, Ty.” He continued to stare down at Starra.
Ty exhaled with annoyance and continued to stare down at Starra. “If you require my services, I’ll be on Agri, Rann.” He back stepped from the jail cell cage and spun around, moving ahead wearing a sour frown.
He continued to stare down at Starra. “I’ll see you later at the party, Ty.” 
Ty exited the room. The door slowly closed.
He continued to stand and softly spoke, “Guards, dismissed.” Each guard moved ahead. The door opened. Each one exited the room. The door closed shut.
On the floor, I continued to perform a Tele-hear and a Tele-see watching the two booted feet on Ty inside an empty hallway. Rann back stepped from the jail cell and ran into the stationary desk chair, pulling the object from the duty desk to the bars, sitting down, staring at Starra. I sighed with intrigue.
On the floor, I appeared asleep but not and did appear tanned but not burned while I appeared healthy but exhausted.
Did you catch that?
However, I did smell.
In the chair, Rann was sweating on his exposed skin inside the heated room too and continued to stare down at Starra for a few more minutes, scooting the desk chair closer to the columns of heated bars without touching the shiny metal poles. He stared at her for a few more minutes and then exhaled with frustration slowly standing upright from the chair, exhaling with a deep sigh.
This was my chance. My moment was here.
On the floor, I slowly lifted up my tired sunburned face from the heated floor by one tiny inch and rotated one of my blurry silver tinted eyeballs, viewing his left boot, feeling the heat, the sunlight, and the emotion tense.
Rann gasped out loud and stared down at Starra, moving ahead closer to the bars, dropping down on one kneecap. He looked at her face with worry.
I croaked out loud from the lack of water. “You may possess my assets, but you will never ever possess me.” My face dropped down onto the hard floor and as I fell into unconsciousness.
On the 14th hour on the late afternoon among 110°F degrees, I continued to rest on top of the floor with exhaustion inside my jail cell cage as a Sahara prisoner.
Rann had left after my lousy show performance without a word. The two prison guards had returned and sat back down, staring down at a mini-bot with a smile while playing a digital game.
I could hear a pair of solo footfalls rush ahead and pace down the hard tile as the set mysterious steps slowly stopped and then entered through the closed door.
The citizen appears in front of the Guard Station.
On the floor, I slowly lifted up my face with curious as my Tele powers were numb from the heat eye burning Ty. I sighed with surprise.
“I have orders from Prince Rann. I am here to relieve the both of you to attend the royal party tonight.” Ty nervously voiced with a tenor timber as he had planned to relieve the two prison guards. So, he and Starra would be alone without any perimeter guards. I sighed with caution.
One of the bulky guards continued to view the mini-bot with a smile. “My orders come directly from Prince Rann as he states that no one comes or goes from this room within his visual or vocal permission. I have not received any urgent comfone message with Prince Rann’s permission to attend the royal party, tonight, Ambassador Ty.”
Ty nodded with a nervous smile down at the black colored hair roots on the first guard, “Very good, guard! I’m testing your loyalty to the Crown. You have passed admirably. If you desire to attend the royal party, then I can re-assign one of my own honor guard units here to watch over Rann’s prisoner tonight.”
The second guard finished playing the electronic game and pitched the mini-bot across the table, slowly standing upright from the chair, towering over Ty with a smile. He stretched out each limb with a yawn.
In the sitting chair, the first guard continued to smile down at the mini-bot. “Thanks, Ty! You and Rann are generous with your kind kingship offer. But I’ll stay at my post until I receive a new royal order vocally from Prince Rann in person.”
Ty’s plan was not working, so I decided to aid Ty with my own plan, a frontal attack.
On top of the floor, I continued to rest and quickly performed a T-touch with my telekinesis, reaching out with my invisible table, grabbing the thigh-high boot on the floor. I executed a T--lift upwards with my boot and then a T-halt in the air, aiming first, performing a T-pitch with the object and hit the nose bridge on the second sitting guard.
The second guard flung backwards with both speed and ugliness, screaming out loud, dropping down on the floor, lying down in total unconsciousness with a loud thump. 
Wow! My T-strength was awesome.
He rested on his back spine in slumber, bleeding over the clean golden tiles.
Payback is so much fun!
Inside the chair, the first guard looked up and smiled at Ty, turning to see his co-worker down on the floor. “What are you doing down there? Get up! You ain’t performing your proper prison duty, paying attention to the prisoner. Anything can happen here in a prison.”
Ty continued to stand in shock and then gasped in opportunity, fully getting the visual message quickly from Starra without her telepathy, rearing back his arm and punches the temple on the first guard. The guard rolls off the chair and slams hard down onto the tile with a loud thud and in a state of unconsciousness also. He reached down and snatched up the set of metal keys off the office desk, spinning around, dashing to the front door, opening the door and stared down at Starra.
Honestly, I was too tired, hot and sweaty to react. 
He reached down and grabbed her arm, jerking Starra upright on her naked feet, dropping the keys down to the floor with a loud ping. He slid a hand down to her hand and led her out the jail cell.
We dashed ahead and exited the tiny prisoner room, racing down an empty hallway.
He leaned over and handed her a water bottle.
Inside the hallway, I flipped a hand and performed a T-grab at both of my thigh-high boots from the floor while shifting my naked feet beside Ty, gulping down the cool liquid into my dry mouth.
Best stuff in the universe!
My pair of thigh-high boots raced out the room, around the wall corner, and eventually followed behind the back spine on Starra. I reached back and grabbed the boots, cuddling them into my free arm. I trotted ahead without breaking my stride down a narrow hallway devoid of artwork, guards, windows, doors and rooms. This must another secret passage way inside the Sahara castle. There were lots of secret passages within this universe.
The cool breeze inside the hallway felt good on my newly acquired golden skin and my bare toe bones.
Ty led towards a mysteriously somewhere inside the castle. I personally hoped the new place contains lots of pretty cool shade trees and plenty of fresh sparkling water.
He stopped at the end of the narrow hallway in front of a naked wall without a seam or hinge or panel, pressing down on a faint embedded design with an outlined of five golden stars with his finger funky order. A hidden door panel slid upright into the ceiling and revealed a dark passage.
Cool trick!
Ty led down the dark passageway with worry. “We must hurry. It’s getting late.” I sighed with surprise.
I paced behind him inside a new naked concrete room of gold without a window or a door or an exit with only a single silver tinted pole that led downward to the bottom.
I understood here. There was an underground tunnel down into the ground.
I performed a T-probe with my Telepathy reading into Ty’s active mind. I sighed with excitement.
We were escaping through the one of the underground gem mine shafts within Sahara, leading out into the hot steamy heated desert.
I continued to stand and ponder. Because I could not walk or run or tap dance without more fresh water and a cool tree shade from the intense sunlight, feeling too sunburned, exhausted, and beaten!
Inside the tiny naked room, Ty leaped out and grabbed onto the slender metal pole, motioning with his free hand, shouting out loud. “Follow me down.” I sighed with dread.
“Really!” I whispered for my eardrums and then obeyed his direct command, leaping out, landing on the second pole from the edge of the ledge. I cradled the precious water bottle and wrapped a leather boot around my right arm, sliding down, feeling seasickness down the pole adding more burn marks onto my naked kneecaps, legs and abs. I sighed with pain.
I glided down the pole and quickly watched a blur of sparkling gems, falling fast which was kinda of fun but not really enjoying the wild ride due to my exhaustion, defeatism, and angry, emotional, baby. I landed down on top of a cool smooth surface and stood upright on top of the cave floor which was one of the many gem mine shaft on Sahara, where a real imprisoned prisoner had to work and dig out each precious stone and mineral from cave wall for distribution and sale to the free greedy citizens. I sighed with interest.
A small stream of mild breeze along with the colder temperatures within the interior mine cooled my heated body and both bare feet as I continued to view glistening rocks with an assortment of dull rainbow colors on each cave wall consisting of red rocks for rubies, green rocks for emeralds, blue rock for sapphires, amber rocks for gold hue and yellow rocks for diamonds and on and on until forever. I sighed with beauty.
My eyeballs saw the physical motion in far distance and as I slowly moved ahead and lagged behind the back spine on Ty, quickly picking up the pace, dashing over the smooth cave floor.
Ty reached the end of a long twisting cave shaft and stood in front of a rock wall with glittering future gem stones.
I halted and stood in deeply confusion slightly behind his back spine viewing the end of the cave shaft that was clearly blocked by a thick solid wall of sharp jagged colorful rocks with out an exit or an entrance point or an escape! I sighed with panic.
I slowly advanced ahead and parked beside Ty, placing my boots over my naked toes, viewing his motion with mystery.
He reached over and touched a series of sharp, jagged rocks with both his gloved hands.
I continued to stare in silence when some of the embedded pretty colorful rocks started to crumble from the wall, falling down with a series of fist-sized pieces of chunks. I jumped back with a gasp. Some of the smaller rocks hit my booted feet.
Ty swiftly moved backward from the avalanche and grabbed her arm jerking Starra from the falling wall.
The cave wall continued to loudly rumble and swiftly tumble down with a series of eating plate-sized rocks coming down from the ceiling, falling onto the cave floor.
Ty reached down and pulled out two objects, handing a dry cloth to Starra, covering his nose and mouth from the rock dust watching the avalanche.
I covered my mouth and loudly coughed out the acclimated rock dust clearing my lung, rubbing my eyes free from the fine powdered mist. 
The avalanche halted as the fine rock dust twinkled in the air waves and eventually settled down onto the floor. When the last of the colorful mist had cleared, a new open passage revealed a new tiny enclosed tunnel of glittering embedded rocks and a stationary and single, tiny space ship hiding like a little kid behind the wall.
The tiny ship was painted in solid dull black hue with a set of large flying wings and built for two passengers with zero pieces of travel luggage. I sighed with awesomeness.
Ty climbed over the fallen rocks and nodded to the ship, landing down on the other side over a smooth cool cave floor, “Meet our new mode of escape, Starra! The bullet ship is located here in case of prisoner emergency for two people, like me and you,” he stopped and stood beside the pilot chair, turning with a wink to Starra, lifting up two side-by-side unlocked hatch doors. “Climb inside now, Starra! We don’t have much time.”
The bullet ship displayed two individual chairs in a row like a set of school desks.
I climbed over the rocks with some pain on my naked hands and kneecaps and landed on top of the smooth floor, dashing ahead, slightly stopping and performed a T-jump in the air and down inside the rear chair which was located behind the pilot chair. I wiggled down into the nicely black padded chair and webbed my body into the netting as I was not familiar with Ty’s space craft flying skills. The bullet ship was specifically re-designed from the original bullet ship and held two citizens rather than single pilot.


I mentally flashed backwards into the past, within the first alien timeline, when I had accepted, flew, and raced a single seated bullet ship against Prince Rann, traveling faster to and from the Wall in a Death Race. Then I had won the race without getting killed.


Then I mentally flashed present, I was a true escaping prisoner from the Prison Planet and a fugitive within the unknown universe. I sighed with disappointment.
Inside the pilot chair, Ty pressed all type of colorful smooth steel coated buttons. The long cockpit lid slowly dropped down and closed shut, sealing the citizens inside the enclosure. The ship carefully lifted up from the cave floor and as it slowly flew upward without hitting one of the jagged rock formations, and then halted in the air waves as the bright romantic moonlight bathed the nighttime with romance.
“Wrong! That’s just wrong, Starra!” I whispered for my eardrums and shook my dirty hair, exhaling with annoyance at my mental love image.
“Hold on!” Ty pushed the joy stick and as the bullet shot through the air, over the orange colored desert sands, and lifted up into the sky, reaching maximum velocity quickly. The ship sailed through cold and black outer space with a slight whistling hum.
Inside the rear chair, I held my breath and my fluttering stomach muscles with a touch of my telemetabolics. I was grateful for the web netting over my body. I released the sour breath and sucked on the warm water, wiping off the dirt, dust, and dampness while listening through an embedded internal comfone in front of my face on the console panel of solid black metal.
Inside the pilot chair, Ty exhaled with curiosity and steered the ship ahead to the Wall. “I have known Rann all my life. He is a kind, gentle, generous, and understanding man. I have seen him act ecstatic, drunk, mad, grateful, sympathy, happy, hurt, and angry within his realm of limited and predictable emotions. But, this is the stupidest thing I have ever seen him do. Rann will not tell me either. We have been two good friends for an eternity. And he will not talk to me about what’s bothering him. Maybe, you can provide me some helpful insightful clues, Starra.”
The bullet ship hit one of the larger holes inside the Wall while shaking side to side without touching the rock as the paint job licked some of the jagged rocks.
Inside the rear chair, I continued to sit and sipped the warm water, turning to view the rock inside the Wall in silence.
The bullet ship emerged from the opposite side as Ty excelled speed again and shook his bone skull with a sour frown, flying the ship toward Tech World, “I cannot allow Rann to abuse you anymore, Starra. I don’t know what you have done to make Rann furious but you have got to stop exhibiting this irrational behavior.”
“I don’t understand, either, Ty.” I lied as I did understand but it was my tale to tell. “Rann is acting crazy, Ty. I have done nothing, nothing to him, the king of the universe,” I laughed out loud as I did know but I didn’t wanna tell. Ty might start to yell at me, so I wanted to go back home and sleep for twenty hours. (That was Commerce day and night). I sighed with depression.
“You did something to annoy him, so you need to think harder, Starra. What was your last conversation about? Maybe, this is your first step into figuring out what Rann’s mad about.”
“Where are we going to?” I changed the subject and sipped the warm water.
“It depends on your answer to my posed question, Starra.” Ty sneered. “What happened between you and Rann? Please, tell me, Starra!”
I grunted into the rear compartment as my soft sound echoed into my comfone.
He frowned with a nod. “I can understand Rann’s frustration with you. You aren’t talking to him or me or anyone. Let me explain in more detail here. At this very moment, Rann has to announce the name of his new princess bride to the citizens of the universe tonight.”
“So what?” I rolled my eyeballs and stared at the array of twinkling stars while grunting with annoyance again.
“Rann does not want to marry Kia. He is being forced to marry based on the process of elimination. After the kidnapping, all the girls dropped out of the competition but Kia.”
I continued to view each twinkling star with a sour frown and a matching tone. “Rann told me last night that he was announcing Kia as his princess bride, before the un-planned kidnapping. So, what? What does this conversation have to do with me?” I finished the bottle of fresh warm water and burped out loud with annoyance, looking back down, staring into the console panel.
“Rann knew in advance that he was going to be forced to marry. He planned everything down to the last detail. He used Ivan to get you selected as one of the princess candidates. Ivan is a smart military man and would see the advantage of you as the continued security for the young and innocent noblettes. You admitted yourself how young the girls were. Rann realized this, also. He does not want a young, selfish, and silly girl for his Bride to rule as Princess of the Universe. He wants someone mature and intelligent that fits into his vision of the universe for his citizens and kingdom. Everyone noticed the playfulness, the humor, the teasing, and the love between you and Rann. You are his perfect match, Starra.” Ty compliments.
“But Rann told me himself about Kia.” I whispered out loud as the comfone picked up my words.
Inside the pilot chair, Ty exhaled with annoyance after hearing the words. “And how did you react, Starra?”
Inside the rear chair, I gasped in alarm and cleared my throat, “I didn’t react. That’s the problem, isn’t it, Ty?”
“Ivan forewarned Rann that he was obligated to marry his daughter Kia tomorrow morning. The wedding arrangements are planned. Rann told me the story and the deal in private.”
I laughed. “When does Rann follow the rules?” 
Ty was an innocent royal when compared with a nasty Rann, who never followed the rules, because he made up his own regulations, like me. I sighed with rebelness.
“Well, Ivan has played his conqueror card within the royal wedding game. You bowed out of the race by resigning your job as the royal body guard and the princess candidate. Rann would have never allowed you to be terminated, even if Ivan was as mad as an Agri stinging hornet with your audacious antics. You made that decision on your own and Rann can’t change it. But, he tried.”
“That’s the reason for his visit to the jail cell this morning. He wants me…” I swallowed back down my vile and sour mouth spit. “Rann wants me to admit that I love him. He wants me to change my mind.”
Ty continued to steer and smiled. “Then, you did lie to Rann. He says that you lied which is why you were placed inside one of his jail cells. You have not shared your true feelings with Rann.”
“Sorta!” I should not have lied to Rann and should have been honest with my feelings then I would not have sitting inside a stolen bullet ship. I sighed with depression.
“Ivan had figured out Rann’s secret wedding plan. After Rann had asked you to take the royal etiquette classes, Ivan pulled the final clue of the puzzle together. He has been planning your resignation since you arrived.”
“Ivan does not like me.” He liked to spy, watch and observe me. However, Ivan knew where the Crown stood and was always loyal to the king or the queen of the universe within every time line that I visited. I sighed with respect.
Inside the pilot chair, Ty exhaled. “Ivan likes your military prowess and hardy guts but his fight is personal against you. He wants his daughter to become the new princess. Now, you’re going to make that happen, tonight.” 
I voiced with a set of jumbled emotion, only knowing as concern or worry. “Am I too late here, here?”
“Rann is so desperately in love with you, Starra. Right now, he’s going to announce his engagement to Kia. Ivan is forcing him to marry her. She’s the only girl left. There are no other Princess Candidates.”
I frowned. “Kia does not love Rann.”
“Rann does not love Kia, either. Do you love him? Please, tell me the truth, Starra! I need to know.”
I tossed both arms and hit the short ceiling, shouting out loud with a smile. “I do.”
“Hold on tight!” Ty smiled and pressed the button. “You’re going to the royal party at the game stadium tonight.”
I gasped in alarm and slapped a hand over my dirty uniform. “What party? I’m not presentable for a party.”
He smiled and veered the ship toward Commerce. “Don’t worry! I have a great plan.” He had prepared a sub-plan over Rann’s main plans. Ty really was Rann’s best friend in the universe. I sighed with true friendship.


10th hour (late evening)
Planet Commerce
Game stadium location
Dark blue sky with white clouds, bright stars and moon at 61°F


Ty hit the high atmosphere on Planet Commerce and then dove straight down toward the solid ground of green grass, landing the bullet ship outside the stadium gates for protection, punching open the cockpit lid and exposed their persons in the air waves. He swiftly exited the craft and quickly reached inside the rear chair, hauling Starra out by her arm, placing a small green bag in her hand, leaning down, whispering into her eardrum. “The building on my side has a private dressing room which is located around the corner. This small bag contains a dress and other things for you. Hurry! You have less than five minutes before the formal princess bride announcement from Rann. After you dress, I want you to meet me back right here. I’ll personally escort you up to Rann’s platform.” He turned and frowned at the stadium structure, scanning for any Militia guards, returning back to Starra. “Ivan is a very suspicious man before, during and after any battle and particularly right now at the moment. He had Rann and Kia guarded twenty hours per day, since yesterday. He might suspect that Rann is going to pull another trick out of his magic hat, but Rann’s hat is completely empty. So, I’m to be the substitution magician in the talent show tonight.” He pulled back and shoved Starra toward the smaller building.
I didn’t move but voiced my worry with a whisper into his face. “Will Ivan got mad and have me arrested? Or will he become Rann’s number one enemy?”
“The answer is no to both of your questions. Ivan is a solider first and foremost. He understands rules and leadership. He obeys the Crown and Rann. He also understands that there are no rules in war or love. The best man or in this case…woman wins, tonight,” he nodded and shoved her again toward the building as he continued to guard the bullet ship which didn’t contain an alarm for thievery.
“Ivan is the most honest person that I know and possesses great integrity.”
He nodded again. “I know that. Go and get dressed, Starra!”
I spun around with a huff of worry for all of us and quickly dashed around the crowd of tiny, short, and tall walking individuals and then around the wall corner, stopping in front of a closed door, pulling on the knob.
Locked!
“Ty couldn’t think of everything, so I will,” I giggled and released a T-slam on the door knob. The door slowly opened with a series of loud metal pains in high musical notes.
I slipped inside the tiny room with a toilet and slammed the door closed for privacy.
Inside the bathroom, I slipped over my sunburned body a short gray slinky and tight dress. I wiggled it down over my curls, down my breasts, around my waist and then it stopped at my hips, tossing both of my arms in the air with annoyance. The dress lifted up and touched my pink tinted panties. I dropped my hands and fluffed my wild, dirty curls, pinching my two apple cheekbones for some pinky tones among the golden tinted freckles. I moved ahead with my new image and slammed open the closed door, exiting back into the manicured grass, advancing to Ty. I stopped and softly growled at him.
He continued to stand beside the bullet ship and surveyed the environment turning with a smile to see Starra, “Wow! You’re swift.”
I jabbed a finger at his nose bridge with a soft sneer. “And you’re sneaky. There isn’t much to this dress.”
He reached up and grabbed her finger, slipping her hand down beside his leg, scooting around the ship, advancing through the gates with a smile. This was going to workout for Rann and Starra without Ty getting into trouble with Rann or Ivan.
“Sorry. I was rushed,” he grabbed her hand and then folded the limb into his crooked arm. He dashed ahead with Starra like a married couple and leaned over with a whisper and a fake smile. “Relax. Fake a smile. There are more then the usual amount of reserved Militia guards here lining the upper stairwell on the stadium steps for drama, mostly. So, we will move very slow and very elegantly like we’re dancing a waltz. Don’t jerk or fidget from me. We don’t want any attention drawn to us.”
I continued to slowly move beside Ty and slightly nodded my curls like we were chatting about the weather while I stepped together symmetrically with his right boot and my right sandal. I tightly clung and cut his naked forearm with my set of sharp and manicured aqua colored finger nails. I sighed with fear.
We skated through the first set of posted and bored Militia guards on the first level and climbed up to the second level. On the second level, one of the quick-thinking guards turned and eyeballed the new couple while growling at Ty. “Where are you and her going?”
“Our two seats are located way on top of the next to highest platform beside other noble skyboxes.” Ty didn’t stop and nodded with a chin while lying and pointed to the clouds, showing off his noble authority. He slowly traveled ahead with a fake smile and a nervous stomach.
The stationary alert guard stared at Starra with a grunt and then mumbled. “Okay.”
I slowly moved with Ty and didn’t have to use my telepathy on the nasty male for some quick mental cooperate. That was a good thing too. I was too pooped to pop anything, anyone, any how, right now.
The Master of Ceremonies (MC) stood on top of the highest platform and smiled into the comlen, blasting out his tenor voice over the numerous comfones regarding boring facts about the Crown, the kingdom, the marriage rituals, and the fate of the entire unknown universe.
I continued to move and leaned over with a whisper. “We’re going to run into Kia and Ivan.”
“They’re on the other side of the highest platform stage behind the MC. I purposely selected this footpath based on that military information.” He continued to slowly climb each step and fake a smile to each guard.
We must climb the highest steps and arrive on top of the highest platforms which held the Master of Ceremonies, princess candidate Kia, her father Ivan, and Rann. I sighed with very dangerous. 
I was not really worried about my person as I could take care of my body, but Ty was vulnerable to any one from each one of the following situations, the nasty Militia guard unit and their big muscles or General Ivan’s wrath or Prince Rann’s mistrust. I sighed with deception.
We successfully climbed to floor level eight while slowly pathing ahead like an old married couple towards floor level nine. A single line of bulky guards stood tall side by side hosting a housed maser and a holstered sword inside a utility belt. I swallowed a string of thick bitter mouth spit back down into my tight throat, because if one of the guards were to maybe, possibly recognize my face…
“Hey, you!” In the middle of the ninth level stairwell, one of the guards in a tan colored Militia uniform sneered and jabbed a finger at Ty. “What are you doing up here?”
My strong heart skipped a complete beat as I had been caught, discovered, and then dead.
Ty did not bother to view the guard or stop his walk, saying with a controlled voice, advancing ahead to the next step. He stared ahead with a fake smile at the top platform that shined with bright lights. “I’m here looking for my seat. I’m Ambassador Ty of Agri.”
The guard wiggled his two nose hole and then his two earlobes which was a funny move while eye burning on Starra, returning back to Ty. He turned and viewed the higher skyboxes which only held the noble clan, returning back to see Ty, growling with confusion. “I know your person. All right! I guess! Go on!” 
We trotted up six more steps toward the highest platform. I sighed with nervousness.
My T-sense pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
“Halt!” The next guard moved away from the solid wall and blocked the footpath of the married couple exhaling with bad breath in Ty’s face.
We were the only two bodies stopped on the ninth level. the rest of the citizens were sitting and eating or sitting and laughing or sitting and bored, watching anxiously each one of the numerous brightly lit and active comlens for Rann’s final princely decision. We had another three steps to the top stage.
I squeezed Ty’s arm tightly. I sighed with excitement.
Ty jabbed a finger up toward the platform with a fake smile and a cool demeanor. “I’m looking for our two noble seats. I am to apology for this occurrence here, if I have interrupted your guard duty. Do you know where seat numbers 697 and 698 are located, by chance?”
The guard frowned with befuddlement, turning with a sneer to view each occupied seat, flipping a hand in the air, “Hmm! These numbers are some where over there. You’re standing in the wrong place,” he slowly gasped in shock.
Ty reacted swiftly and reared back, punching the fat belly gut on the tall guard. The guard folded down over his thick waistline with a loud grunt of intense pain. Ty released Starra’s hand and formed a fist, hitting the rear bone skull on the wounded guard. Then the guard dropped down towards the hard concrete base as Ty squatted down to save the man from a nasty nose bleed, shouting out loud to Starra. “Climb the three steps! Climb the steps. I’ll stay here and guard the platform and the guard.” He was taking a big chance with his life form as one of the other guards might hurt him trying to stop Starra. Ivan had prepared for any thing and any body invading the highest platform and stopping the upcoming marriage arrangement.
I nodded several times and gasped in worry, quickly tapping my sandals in a staccato rhythm up remaining three steps, running into a large obstacle. The obstacle was another guard who was not tall and fat and very unhappy to see a stranger in his face, naw, his chest. He performed a drooling mouth spit with his flying salvia in the air, “Get back down! Go back!”
I back stepped from the disgustingly mouth spit balls and ducked down from his mouth with a sneer. “I don’t think so, tonight, buddy. I’m expected here.” I stood upright and performed a T-slap with my hand into his muscular chest for his undivided attention which I didn’t need.
The big guard didn’t move but laughed out a string of bad breath over my silver tinted hair roots as he was six feet and four inches taller when he was compared to my five feet and one-inch body frame. I sighed with worry.
The guard chuckled from my meek performance and my meek height. I sighed with true love.
I reared back and kicked my sandal into his exposed kneecap as he continued to stand upright but in leg pain, hopping on one leg, bowing down at his bone skull to Starra.
I laughed out loud and gladly accepted his peasant moment, performing a Tele karate chop across his naked throat. He released the aching kneecap and touched his naked neck, swaying side to side in mental and physical pain from the little ass in front of his eyeballs.
I swiftly advanced without humor and stopped on top of the highest platform which was seventy feet in the air. Hey! This had been my death post during the first alien timeline.
I stood alone and viewed dark skyline and then the rows of bright overhead bulbs burning and blinding my set tired eye balls, looking down at the wooden floor. I slowly inched my way toward the back spine on the Master of Ceremonies. I sighed with anticipation.
“Three seconds before the princely announcement of the lucky princess bride for Prince Rann.” The MC continued to stand and blasted out the new information with audience shouts also. “Two seconds.”
Rann didn’t have a choice to choose but one princess candidate who had been left over from the original four princesses. Now, he deserved to know that I had made an executive decision for him.
The audience members were sitting and screaming out loud Rann’s name while watching the comlen. The MC shouted out loud with the audience members within the air waves, “One second.”
I slowly paced ahead and turned to see Kia and her father General Ivan. They were holding each other like a pair of lovers while she looked really nervous and Ivan smiled brightly.
Inside the bleacher stand, the audience counted backwards in unison with the MC, “Zero.”
I glanced down at the lower platform that displayed a nervous Rann. He slowly shuffled sideways on his booted feet within a tiny square. I sighed with preciousness.
I looked up and view Kia again. I liked Kia. She was very nice, kind, understanding, and intelligent girl but she didn’t want to marry Rann. She had a long time boyfriend and desired to marry him, producing a family of noble babies. I sighed with obligation.
A few feet from Starra and on top of the highest platform, the MC continued to stand in front of the main comfone and tossed both arms in the air with a smile. “We wanna know. Who is your princess of the universe, Rann?”
I performed a T-leap in the air and reached out, stealing his silver colored comfone from the man’s hand and his open mouth, giggling with amusement. I landed down on top of the platform and stared into the comlens which echoed my image throughout the stadium. 
I placed at my lips on the smooth metal and shouted out loud, tossing an arm into the air. “Me!”
Rann gasped in shock and stared at one of comlens, spinning around, looking up to see Starra on top of the platform as each light illuminated around her body. He whispered with awe “Starra!” Then he shouted out loud and returned back to see the audience, clapping with happiness, pointing up to see Starra, “Starra!” He turned and nodded to Kia who nodded with a smile and then to Ivan, who hugged his only daughter and wore a fake smile of great disappointment.
Rann spun around and knelt down on top of his wooden platform, staring at Starra. “I will marry Lady Starra. She will become my future bride and my new princess.” I sighed with happiness.
I slowly danced with a sway side to side in the new light breeze while feeling exhaustion from an array of intense jumbled mixed emotions with too many secrets and too much physical activity along with my itching sunburn skin. I heard with my normal hearing a set of heavy foot falls on the upper steps.
Rann appeared with a smile and dashed ahead, cuddling with Starra first, pulling back with a nod. He leaned over and kissed her chapped lips, scooting beside her, staring into the main comfone, waving at the cheering audience. He slowly spun around with Starra and started heading back to the stairwell. I sighed with marriage.
I cleared a dry throat with a nervous stomach, leaning into his jaw line with as whisper. “Rann, can we get married tonight?” I was desperate to do this marriage thing right now, right here.
He continued to stroll and cuddle Starra, whispering back into her forehead with a puzzled brow. “Do you really want to get married tonight, right now, right here.”
I smiled with a slight giggle of happiness. The male could read my mind and my heart at the same time.
He shook his skull without a crown. “Ivan can marry us.”


I mentally flashed back past within the first and second alien timelines, when Ivan had acted a preacher for a few formal ceremonies.


Then I mentally flashed back present and nodded with a smile, slowly stepping down each step with my future husband. I sighed with hurriedness.
Yeah, that’s a word! Look it up, ya’ll! 
Down on the next step, Rann whispered back. “Ivan, he is not in the proper mood to marry us, tonight. His ego has been hit pretty hard, Starra. Let us allow him to relax, before our marriage ceremony.”
“All right,” I slowly mouth spit with my saliva and exhaled with disappointment, faking a smile.
He leaned over and kissed her dirty forehead, pulling back with worry. “You didn’t look like you could handle a royal wedding ceremony, at the moment, either, Starra. Let’s get you inside the castle for some rest and food.”
“All right.” I repeated with more disappointment without a wedding ceremony right now, right here.
“Anyways, we owe the universe an engagement party to show off the new queen bride. In four days, we’ll get married. Is that all right, Starra? The universe is expecting a great big royal wedding. I don’t want to disappoint our citizens. It is only four more days, sweetheart.” He leans over and kisses her dirty cheekbone, pulling back with a smile of happiness.
I exhaled with exhaustion and worry. “Four more days, of course, I’m just excited for us. That’s all.” I faked a happy smile. I sighed with worry.
“I’m very glad that you are excited. You seemed to have forgotten how to express your feelings lately. I hope you will not do this anymore,” he continued to move down each step with a firm tone.
I exhaled with both exhaustion and worry. “Don’t worry, pal! You will know my true nasty wrath and my good feelings, all the time, future princely husband. So, you have been warned!”
“So, I have been forewarned.” He chuckled and then he kissed her dirty lips for a long time.
I wanted to marry Rann, right now, as I truly loved him, since the second alien timeline. I also had figured out that the new alien timeline in production must continue to ensure my healthy life form and my ultimate happiness. Thus, I continued to live and then died of old age with my future husband Rann. I sighed with anticipation.
Alien Day 97 


Planet Commerce
8th hour (early morning)
Castle proper of Prince Rann
Noble Committee meeting
Blue sky and white clouds with yellow sunlight at 68°F


Yesterday, on Alien Day 96, I had rested one day and night inside my beaten up and depilated Bonita mansion while all of my personal needs, bodily wants, and private wishes was prepared with a new bot. Hbot or housekeeping robot rode in the rear bench inside my new and shiny royal carrier ship which was piloted by a new Zbot or zipper ship robot.
I would ever, never surrender my zipper ship, ya’ll.
And I liked the real princess title and status while sitting inside a new noble committee meeting which was called for some reason and hosted by my fiancé and current king of the universe Rann. I sighed with joy.
I didn’t have to perform any more mistress or body guard or pilot duties and no bossy orders from nasty General Ivan either. So, I was very happy and cheery and smiley today wearing a new gray colored uniform with a circular skirt and a sleeveless vest with my thigh-high boots.
Ivan was not happy. His daughter Kia had married yesterday to her long time boyfriend with a happy ending for him. I sighed with respect.
At the round table of purple wood inside a room of green paint, each noble sat in their ancient and assigned seat wearing their fine robes of theme color or a pretty long gown.
I sat beside Rann. He turned and viewed each noble while holding her hand underneath the table like a teenager in love.
Tall, ugly, black-haired Tok sat beside Starra and a petite, blonde haired Lad, nodding with his new idea. “I proposed that we blast them out of the skies on Resort. Or whatever is left from my home world of Resort.” each nobles softly moaned with old memories.
Tall, plump, pale-skinned and bald-headed General Ivan in a clean tan colored uniform sat in-between Rann and Ty, nodding with some of the other nobles in agreement. “They have proven to be our enemies, not our friends, Rann. I agree with Tok.”
“You are referring our last outer space attack in which we blasted thirty ships including two of our own ram ships into oblivion, Ivan.” Ty frowned as he did not approve of violence, only something better.
Rann nodded in silence.
I continued to sit and eat while listening. The new set of noble committee meetings were getting both vicious and deadly. I sighed with intrigue.
“Let them be! They’re not a true threat, since the last raid on the stationary asteroid. It practically destroyed all the rebels including their ways and their themes.” Dirk nodded with a smile and wore a light green colored tunic, matching trousers, and a long cape with a head of red hair and pink skin.
“The killing army of hidden pirates is not a bodily threat to me and you. What side on the great Wall are flying on, Dirk?” Ivan frowned. “Do we know who these rebels really are? Yes, we do. They’re escaped convicts…”
“…. from the prison system which happens to be under both your jurisdiction and your control Dirk.” I shouted out loud with a set of chewed food particles shot across the polished wood like an upset female or a worried noblette. I was very stunned, surprised, and stupid. Dirk appeared so nicey nice as a proper noble during this new alien timeline. I sighed with cluelessness.
“They want currs. So we give them some currs. Let them be like Dirk suggests. Ten we are free of any wandering rebels.” Rita nodded with a smile and wore a blue colored gown.
I continued to eat and chew with a pair of moving lips while pondering her idea. Do not look at me for any free currs, since I was not selling my diamond tiara.
“Currs! What does a gang of pirates need with currs, Dirk?” Ivan continued to frown at Dirk.
“No, I don’t like that idea.” Ty disagrees with a stern face and wore his dark green colored sleeveless vest and matching trousers.
I swallowed the food and then smiled. “We should talk to them.” Each pair of eyeballs and a set of lips parted and then turned to stare at Starra in silence. I sighed with shock.
“Talk to them about what exactly, princess.” Ivan turned and then frowned at Starra.
I exhaled with annoyance and flipped a dirty hand that was covered in white delicious chicken gravy in the air with a smile. “I suggest that we discuss what they need to survive on the barrier asteroid of Resort. They need buildings, equipment, ships, supplies, medications, food,” I stopped and inhaled a new string of air molecules, “…and other services that we can offer for free from our numerous resources. Then, we can end the nasty fighting and have galactic peace within the universe once and for all and for everyone.” I heard a single clap of hands and turned to face Dirk. I sighed with suspicion.
“I agree.” Dirk continued to softly clap for some silly reason and nodded with approval at Starra, smiling at the unique idea, staring right at Starra. However, he also liked to cause trouble with Starra. I sighed with caution.
I nodded. “We finally go and negotiate peace with the pirates on Asteroid Resort.”
“Peace! They didn’t want peace. They want to fight and kill all of us, once and for all including you, princess.” Ivan still disagreed.
“I agree with Lady Starra. Someone should go and talk with them. Someone should go and ask them what they need to live quiet and productive lives.” Dirk nodded with grin.
Dirk was agreeing with me and liked to cause trouble for me. I sighed with deep concern.
“I like this plan. I agree with Starra and Dirk. We’ll seek peace with the pirates. We’ll send a diplomatic party immediately. The royal diplomatic party will leave here and visit with the gang of mysterious pirates, finding out what they want and need. We can help set up their new home world with anything they want. And we’ll have peace in the galaxy, forever more.” Rann nodded with a smile toe ach noble.
My T-senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine. 
“I’ll leave immediately, sire.” Ivan swiftly stood upright from the chair and nodded to Rann while always eager to please the Crown.
“No. It will not be you, Ivan. I didn’t want military representation.” Rann turned and smiled, patting her hand. “I select Starra, my future princess of the universe. She represents both innocence and beauty. I select Dirk also. He will attend and is represented by intelligence and goodwill,” he stood upright from the green colored chair and jerked Starra into standing beside his body, turning to smile and nod to each other noble. “Thank you for attending the impromptu noble committee meeting this morning. I promise. We will have another meeting for several months as i will be on my royal honeymoon with my future princess bride. Good day to all!”
“We,” I turned and smiled at Rann. “You and I can leave for asteroid Resort, right now, Rann. I can easily negotiate their demands as the new prince and future princess of Universe.” I adjusted his idea with betterment and then turned to nod at Dirk.
Rann cuddled Starra and then pulled back, tapping her nose with his finger, shaking his skull. “This was your first brilliant idea as proposed and now it has been accepted by the other nobles. We are not technically a royal couple of the universe.”
I faked a smile. “Thank you for the compliment. But isn’t there an available diplomat to send away and see the gang of secretive pirates?”
He laughed. “We don’t have a team of diplomats. We have a group of nobles, who act and pretend to be a diplomat.”
“I will travel to Resort alone, since I….”
“No, Starra. You cannot go alone to anywhere. You are almost a princess here within the universe. I will not allow it. You have to ride with Dirk. He has provided the important First Contact with this new class of citizens. You need him.”
I turned and gasped at Dirk with worry. Dirk slowly stood upright from the chair and continued to grin at Starra. I exhaled with horror and fear. “I am to go with Dirk. I don’t know if I wanna go with Dirk. I have never been with Dirk on any type of royal mission.”
Rann laughed. “You have never been with anyone on any type of royal missions. You’re too much of a loner, Starra. You need to change. I’m going to help you change. You’ll accompany Dirk on this short sweet trip. Don’t worry! You’ll do a great job, princess.” He leaned down and smiled into her nose bridge, kissing the end, pulling back with chuckle.
I stared at a smiling Dirk.
My T-senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I returned back to view Rann. “Rann, please come and go with me to Resort.”
He leaned down and tenderly kissed her forehead, moving down to her lips as they surfaced for a set of fresh air molecules. He pulled back with a smile. “Nonsense! You’re very capable of handling this diplomatic situation by yourself.” He leaned down and whispered into her frown while cutting an eyeball at Dirk. “Don’t worry about Dirk. He’s truly a coward. I need a strong personality to convince or charm the pirates that we want to live in peace and harmony together in the universe. Also, offer them anything they want, but you.” He smiled and leaned down, kissing her pink-painted lips for a second time as they surfaced.
He stood upright with a smile. “I trust you, Starra. Also, please, invite them to our wedding,” he leaned over and hugged her, kissing her cheekbone, pulling back with a smile. “I must leave. I have another matter to attend. Good luck and safe trip, Starra and Dirk! I will see you later in the afternoon, Starra. Bye, sweetheart!” He released her and back stepped, bowing down at his fitted waistline, standing upright. He glided beside Starra with smile and exited the room, disappearing down the hallway.
Inside the room, I continued to stand and turned with a stern face to stare at Dirk. He continued to stand and stared back with an evil smirk in silence at Starra. I didn’t know what was going to happen but it was going to happen to me today. I sighed with fear.
My T-senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.


Planet Resort
10th hour (late morning)
Destroyed tall structure
Dark brown sky of pollution without clouds and sunlight at 57ºF


Within the interior of the silver tinted royal carrier ship, which was piloted by a silence matching Pbot inside an enclosed cockpit of weird sounds and numerous instruments, the main chamber was an open space of lined benches in peach tinted fabric that went around the row of glass windows.
I quietly sat at the rear bench and looked out the glass window inside the main chamber and away from Dirk. He relaxed inside the forward bench and stared at the opposite glass window without a light chit-chat with a social conversation, a game strategy with the pirates or an exchange of vocabulary nasty words like usual between our strong Tele personalities. I sighed with nervousness. 
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes at the glass. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
The space flight was very quiet and very quick exhibiting an array of speeding colors in hues of blue, yellow, and red starburst patterns that displayed inside glass window. Asteroid Resort looked both nasty and unpleasant in icky light, medium, and dark brown tones from the Galactic Civil War last alien timeline.
I was discovering that once a planet or a person was damaged or dead. Then the object was dead or damaged within the new alien timeline.
Geez! I need to fix all of this faster than a zipper.
Down on top of the brown soil, as the ship passed low over the ground, each building structure had been completed destroyed and appeared as a high pile of red tinted rubble, brown colored stones, yellow tinted rocks, and white colored concrete blocks of crumbled worthless matter underneath a layer of brown dirty air that consumed the yellow sun beams and created a new atmosphere of darkness and dampness.


I mentally flashed back past within the first alien timeline, when Planet Resort had been nicknamed the Party Planet.

The planet had held numerous tall casino/hotels, sailing boats for skiing and fishing, an array of colorful amusement parks with rides, and people parades with balloons including other sky, land, and sea activities for each citizen or family clan within the unknown universe.


Then I mentally flashed back present, I honestly didn’t understand how any citizen or a group of citizens had survived down there but I was going to find out very soon.
“Land here, Pbot!” Dirk reached over and pressed the button, speaking a string of words, instead of using his Tele power of telepathy on the machine.
Like him, I found an object without flesh and thought was hard to manipulate with a Tele talent other than flying around a dead piece of machine.
The carrier slowed the pace and then halted in the air waves with a smooth machine hand, slowly descending down on top of the brown soil. In the close distance, there was a single crumbled building in red rubble and yellow stones, where no one should be living. The carrier landed with a slight thud.
My T-senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I wiggled side to side on top of the bench seat and continued to stare through the side window at the crumbled building without using a Tele probe.
Dirk was a strong Tele master as he would feel my extended Tele probe from my open mind. Then he would learn about one of her many Tele talents which Starra had kept hidden from him and all the other natives for obvious reasons. He swiftly stood with a soft chuckle and moved ahead toward the sliding door which had been activated by Pbot. He exited the ship and moved outside into the humid air and bright sunlight without a word, only a smile.
Inside the main chamber, I continued to sit and produced a face of wet sweat balls, slowly standing upright from the bench, wringing my hands without a weapon again. This was a diplomatic mission from Rann without a deadly weapon or a fist fight with Dirk. I swiftly moved ahead and hauled my body out into the bright sunshine.
Dirk rushed ahead with purpose from the ship and Starra as he could pose at the pretend polished diplomatic.
I didn’t care, as long as, the gang of pirates was happy and then the universe was safe again.
I slowly spun around and continued to move ahead checking my front and my back at foul play coming from Dirk, viewing the extend of the damaged landscape and man-made broken buildings under a dark blanket of depression. Then I tripped over the perturbing piece of indigo colored concrete and performed a T-hold catching my body, holding in mid-air. I exhaled with relief and nervousness, slowing standing upright, staring ahead at Dirk. He stopped and then climbed up a sturdy tall light colored wooden ladder that led into an opening at the tall of a destroyed building with his mint green cape flying through the wind.
I gasped in alarm and raced ahead over the jagged landscape toward the same something while sneering at his disappearance. “Dirk, what have you done here?”
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
“I know! I know that! Stop annoying me!” I continued to sneer and rushed into danger, like always.



Continue following earthling Starra Starbelt and her gang of native friends and foes within the unknown universe inside Unknown Space, the second novel…
