Unknown Time 
 
ipam  

Smashwords Edition Copyright 2021 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

 
Teen outer space love story…



I am seventeen years old Starra Starbelt, a former crop farmer who used to live and work on Planet Earth.

Back on Planet Earth, a team of smart scientists have discovered that our home world Earth will implode within five calendar years or maybe less.

The worried set of United Earth government officials has sent out a team of outer space astronauts, who possess a set of special powers like a witch, but not really.

The government has sent out a team of Tele people, who possess telepathy or mind reading and telekinesis or object floating, into a new galaxy that includes me.

So, I take off to fly the first ever freaking earthling intergalactic outer space journey coming off trashy Planet Earth, sailing to the beautiful Milky Way Galaxy, and then going through a stupid red and blue pretty wormhole.

Now, I exhale with a puff of frustration and cross my arms over a dirty tee jumpsuit, shaking my bangs in my eyelashes and stomp a fashion boot, looking up to see a pale blue sky with white colored clouds, and a bright yellow sun.

I am impressed with the new planet, but I wanna go back home to Earth like right now, ya’ll.


Citizens of the unknown universe:

Ann, Lady of Bonita
Bartholomew, Baron of Agri
Bea, Countess of Ice
Dee, Marquise of Resort
Dirk, Lord of Bonita
Dov, Count of Ice
Ivan, General of Militia
Ito, Priest of Bio
Ivy, Baronetess of Agri
Jo, Governess of Uni
Jon, Governor of Uni
Kona, Major of Militia
Lad, Viscount of Tech
Las, Priestess of Bio
Mar, Generalette of Militia
Rann, Prince of Sahara
Rex, King of Commerce
Rita, Queen of Commerce
Rosa, Lady of Bonita
Roy, Marquis of Resort
Tok, Marquis of Resort
Ty, Administrator of Sahara
Viv, Princess of Sahara
Zak, Baronet of Agri


Planets of the unknown universe:

Agri, planet of food and livestock or Food World
Bio, planet of medical facilities
Bonita, planet of land
Commerce, planet of Royal family and the Game
Ice, planet of snow and ice
Militia, space station of honor guards, pilots, police
Resort, planet of casinos and entertainment center
Sahara, planet of prisoners or Prison Planet
Tech, planet of technology or Tech World
Uni, planet of school
Wall, divider between the two solar suns


Bots of the unknown universe:


Abot, agricultural robot
Bbot, biological robot
Cbot, conqueror robot
Dbot, door robot
Ebot, evacuation robot
Fbot, football robot
Gbot, guard robot
Hbot, housekeeping robot
Ibot, inn robot
Jbot, jury robot
Kbot, kitchen robot
Lbot, lady robot
Mbot, messenger robot
Nbot, news robot
Obot, orchestra robot
Pbot, pilot robot
Qbot, etiquette robot
Rbot, repair robot
Sbot, service robot
Tbot, testing robot
Ubot, “U better not run” robot
Vbot, love robot
Xbot, excavation robot
Ybot, yard robot
Zbot, zipper robot

Present alien day and place and time and space continues…


Alien Day 97


Planet Resort location
10th hour (late morning)

Destroyed tall structure setting
Dark brown sky of pollution without clouds and sunlight at 57ºF


Within the square-shaped interior walls of a silver-tinted carrier ship, which was piloted by a silent, matching Pbot inside an enclosed cockpit making weird sounds and slapping console instruments, the main chamber was an open space of lined benches in peach-tinted fabric that ran around a row of glass windows.
I quietly sat on the edge of bench and looked out the glass window and away from Dirk. He relaxed on the opposite side and stared at the opposite glass window, without offering a light chit-chat with social conversation, a game strategy with the pirates or an exchange of vocabulary nasty words, like usual, between our strong Tele personalities. I sighed with nervousness. 
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes at the glass. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
The space flight was very quiet and very quick exhibiting an array of speeding colors in hues of blue, yellow, and red starburst patterns inside the glass windows. Asteroid Resort looked both nasty and unpleasant in icky light, medium, and dark brown tones from massive destruction within the Galactic Civil War last alien timeline.
I was discovering too late. Once a planet or a person was damaged or dead, that object was dead or damaged within the new alien timeline.

Geez! I need to fix all this mess faster than a zipper’s flight.

As the ship sailed from outer space and glided low over the ground soil, each building structure was completed destroyed and appeared as a high pile of red tinted rubble, brown colored stones, yellow tinted rocks, and white colored concrete blocks of crumbled worthless matter underneath a layer of brown dirty air that consumed the yellow sun beams and created a new atmosphere of darkness and dampness.


I mentally flashed backwards, within the first alien timeline, Planet Resort was nicknamed, the Party Planet.

The planet held numerous tall, shiny casinos and visitor hotels, sailing boats for water skiing and deep-sea fishing, an array of colorful amusement parks with fun rides, people parades with colorful balloons in the air waves, and other sky, land, and sea activities for each citizen or family clan within the unknown universe.


Then, I mentally flashed present, I honestly didn’t understand how a group of citizens survived down there, but I was going to find out, soonest.

Yeah, I hate that word, soonest.

“Land here, Pbot!” Dirk reached over and pressed the button, speaking a string of words, instead of using his Tele power of telepathy on the dumb metal machine.
Like him, I found an object, without flesh and thought, hard to manipulate with my Tele talent other than flying around with a dead piece of machine.
The carrier slowed the pace and then halted in the air waves with a smooth machine hand, slowly descending on top of the brown soil. In the close distance, there was a single crumbled building in red rubble and yellow stones, where no one should be living. The carrier landed with a slight thud.
My T-senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I wiggled side to side on top of the bench seat and continued to stare through the side window at the crumbled building without using a Tele probe.
Dirk was a strong Tele master as he would feel my extended Tele probe from my open mind. Then he would learn about one of her many Tele talents which Starra had kept hidden from him and all the other natives for obvious reasons. He swiftly stood with a soft chuckle and moved ahead toward the sliding door which had been activated by Pbot. He exited the ship and moved outside into the humid air and bright sunlight without a word, only a smile.
Inside the main chamber, I continued to sit and produced a face of wet sweat balls, slowly standing upright from the bench, wringing my hands without a weapon again. This was a diplomatic mission from Rann, without a deadly weapon or a fist fight with Dirk. I swiftly moved ahead and hauled my body out into the dull sunrays.
Dirk rushed ahead with purpose from the grounded ship and an annoying Starra as he could pose as the pretend polished diplomatic.
I didn’t care here. As long as the gang of pirates was happy, and then the universe was safe again.
I slowly spun around and continued to move ahead checking my front and my back for a quick or quiet foul play coming from my number one enemy Dirk, viewing the burnt and damaged landscape plus tons of man-made broken buildings under a dark blanket of depression. Then I tripped over a perturbing piece of indigo colored concrete and performed a T-hold catching my folded in the air waves. I exhaled with relief and nervousness, slowing standing upright in the air with my telekinesis, staring ahead at the back spine on Dirk. He stopped, then climbed up a sturdy, tall, light-colored wooden ladder that led into an opening on a taller destroyed building as his mint green body cape flew through the wind.
I gasped in alarm without dropping down over the jagged landscape, flying through the wind, heading towards the same something and softly sneered at his disappearance. “Dirk, what have you done here?”
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
“I know! I know that! Stop annoying me!” I continued to sneer and rushed into danger, like always. I glided through the air and slammed into the open archway of jagged stone chips, cutting both of my open palms. “Stang! That hurt, Dirk!” Even though, Dirk was not at fault. Now, I was mad and annoyed without meeting the first pirate person for this royal mission thing.
Inside the dark opening, down a long darker tunnel, which used to be a hallway of numerous bedroom suites for vacationers, I spotted the back spine on Dirk. He slowly strolled ahead like he was walking on a Sunday afternoon through a grassy park of barking dogs and planted peonies.
I carefully struggled through the damaged opening and performed a T-glide down towards an uneven floor of stone, broken wooden planks, and smelly old carpet in indigo colors, standing upright with a huff of frustration. I waved both of my hands for drama and slowly lifted a few inches from the floor, performing a T-fly in the air, following Dirk with worry.
In the middle of the long, dark hallway, Dirk stopped with a smirk and turned into a new opening, disappearing out of sight again.
My vivid memory recalled during one of the other noble meetings that General Ivan had tattled that some of the pirates had been escaped criminal convicts from Planet Sahara, where Dirk had been the noble in charge, by chance or luck or purpose. I sighed with worry.
“Stang!” I pulled my Tele flight faster down the hallway and then halted beside a small opening that only a small child could crawl through, carefully landing down on the uneven floor. 
Planet Resort had taken some major bumps and bruises from the Galactic Civil War which had been caused by the royal pair of Dirk and Rita, within the last two alien timelines. I clearly had recalled the two separate events within my mind and remembered the destroyed structures too.
Now, I posed inside one of the tallest damaged building with my number one enemy Dirk. The hallway appeared both dark and dead with lots of rusty equipment, broken walls, busted furniture, and smashed out wooden doors and glass windows. I sighed with creeped out.
I continued to stand and exhaled with worry, dropping my folded body down on top of the uneven floor, carefully crawling through a medium-sized opening, slowly standing upright inside a semi-dark room. The room appeared very long and wide which had been used to be an auditorium. An ancient tan colored rock avalanche had re-designed two walls and most of the floor, where ancient citizens had danced and cheered, now their ghosts did. I sighed with prayer.
Inside the semi-dark room, that had been illuminated by streaks of natural sunlight beams from the broken side wall, Dirk slowly moved upright against the rough wall, stopped, then knelt in the yellow dust of hard rock.
I sneezed out loud and wiped my running nostrils on the long sleeve on my new gray colored tee shirt, moving sideways from a rolling cloud of dust coming from the middle of the room with a chair or a table or a pirate.
Dirk was the dopy diplomatic here, wanting thee new job title. I sighed with laziness.
I continued to stand and scanned the entire theatre. No person or movement or motion or sound was located here. I could Tele-hear a series of constant faint buzzing sounds coming from all the insect chatter within my metaphysical world, feeling their presence, not their tiny insect bodies. I sighed with caution.
Within the semi-darkness between numerous streaks of dull sunlight coming down from the broken side wall, my eyeballs finally viewed a row of pirates, who stood on top of the highest man-made peak of yellow colored rocks that surrounded each the indigo concrete wall. I performed a Tele sight and viewed a missing body limb on each standing figure, such like, an arm or a leg or one hand or one foot or one ear or one eye or other body parts. Each pirate appeared as a grotesquely deformed humanoid, sorta, being thing. I sighed with concern.
On the intact and solid entrance wall of indigo hue, Dirk continued to stand with a smile and dusted off his pair of dirty hands, slowly scooting sideways, stopping beside Starra. He lifted and waved both of his arms in the air with a smile, shouting out loud to the line of pirates. “Come out! I am here. Do not be afraid!” He reached over and slammed his palm down on top of her hair roots, laughing out loud. “I have brought you a gift. Come on out and come and see!” He carried no physical gift, only his mint green tinted clothes, talking nonsense to the line of pirates.
In the far distance, one of the pirates slowly moved ahead and stopped, standing in the dull sunlight beams, forming a line with numerous deformed children first on the edge of the rock platform. I sighed with curiosity.
Some of the pirates had escaped from Rann’s old prison as told by General Ivan. However, the old prison building and the former boss Rann did not abuse one single prisoner with their crime or house a single child for any crime. I sighed with knowledge.
On top of the even floor, I stomped my foot and shook my curls with the real conclusion. Dirk had run and ruined and robbed from the Prison Planet. I turned and growled at the nose profile on Dirk.
Dirk continued to stand in place and lifted his hand in the air equal with the other one, slowly turning with an evil grin, viewing Starra in silence.
I executed a T-probe with my telepathy on his open mind collecting information. Dirk was the leader that had ordered all the freed pirates to attack and then blow up each ram ship. I sighed with deceit.
Dirk jabbed a finger at her and returned shouting out loud to the growing line of pirates on top of the rock ledge. “She is the gift. She has attacked your ships and killed your shipmates. She has destroyed the ram ship with your supplies and citizens. She has followed your citizens to your planet and killed them in cold blood with her secret powers.”
Each pirate continued to stand and waved one limb in the air, yeah, only one limb. Each one grunted out loud with a string of incoherent words to each other while nodding a deformed bone skull from Dirk’s acidic words at Starra.
I could hear a string of soft grunts throughout the air waves and then returned with a stern face viewing a growing line of pirates, saying out loud with puzzlement. “They have developed their own language that goes on between them.”
He continued to jab his finger at Starra, like an outer space advertisement, and yelled out loud at the row of pirates, “She is here. She is the cause of your concerns.”
I was not the cause of everything. I greatly desired to end the heated debate and then hang Dirk’s bone skull sideways dangling down from a set of damaged roof tiles, receiving a slow death by my hand. And I had figured all of that out, too late, as usual. I sighed with doom.
Dirk understood Starra. Within every alien timeline, she entered with her Free Will or Tele talents or pure alien magic. Then he attacked her, without cause, trying to kill her innocent teenager life form.
However, within the third alien timeline, Dirk had not attacked Starra. As a matter of interest, he had been very cordial and gentlemanly to her from the beginning of the new timeline.
I sensed a true snake hiding in the tall weeds ready to strike at my boot heels. I had demonstrated my range of secretive T-powers inside an array of open spaces too many times for a pair of spying eyeballs and a set of curious brain cells.
One, I had fought with a bigger Tok inside the Bar on Planet Commerce.
Second, I had fought with the three bigger Militia officers on Planet Sahara along with my fancy flying skills inside a zipper ship. 
Three, I had displayed my spectacular body fall from the open tower window on Planet Commerce while saving my love Rann.
Fourth, I had found the pirates and their secret base, where I would fight and kill of them in an upcoming tiny battle. I sighed with showmanship.
I linked, connected, and Tele talked to Dirk: I win.
Really! He linked, connected, and Tele talked back to Starra.
Really!
I really want to see that happen, Starra.
Well, it really will happen. So, sit down and watch and learn, Dirk, the lord of the lawless and losers.


I mentally flashed back past, within the second alien timeline, when I had performed a Tele kick on the Talisman from the open palm on an unconscious Dirk and lifted it into the hot winds on Planet Sahara.

The golden tined Talisman had landed somewhere near a fresh water lake within the orange colored heated desert sand.

Dirk had tried unsuccessfully to drain the Tele powers from Prince Rann during the First Galactic Civil War.


Then I flashed back into the present third alien timeline, Dirk had found the Talisman somewhere within the desert sands. A Tele can detect an animate object using their telepathy. However, royal noble Dirk used his own twisted Tele mind to control each mind on every pirate with that golden Talisman, someway, somehow, and somewhere. I sighed with mystery.
I could hear their mental mind clicks and soft throat grunts within my Tele mind, talking to each other, giving me a headache of confusion and worry.
I cut off my Tele link with Dirk, and returned, viewing the line of pirates.
I linked, connected, and Tele talked into each pirate’s mind: I am not going to hurt you.
Will she now? Dirk linked, connected, and Tele talked back each pirate also.
I turned and growled at the nose profile on Dirk.
No! I am here as a nice friend. I wanna talk, not fight. I linked, connected, and Tele talked to each pirate.
None of the pirates on top of the rock base bothered to link back and Tele talk within my mind as each one continued to listen to Dirk.
But I wanna fight and kill you, Dirk! I linked back, connected and Tele talked to him.
Really!
Really!
I wanna see that happen, also, Starra!”
I cut off the Tele link from Dirk with a soft growl and performed a T-jump from the stone floor and then held a T-hold in the air, slowly lifting both of my arms over my silver tinted sweaty hair roots for the ultimate death fight with my number one enemy.
Dirk continued to stand in place and wore a silly smirk, staring up at his number one enemy Starra in silence.
A medium-sized piece of indigo colored rock chunk sailed through the air waves with a loud whistle warning and then landed down in-between the air space of an air-borne Starra and a stationary Dirk.
I swiftly performed a T-back paddle with a set of wiggling arms and legs away from the very large and heavy flying object and then executed a T-halt in the air, staring with a gasp down at the broken indigo colored rock fragments that cracked a new opening on top of the stone floor with a sneer. I performed a T-spin and stared with a gasp at the rows of short and tall pirates that formed a type of new army. Now I was on the defense team against both Dirk and the army of pirates.
The battle swiftly began.
My Tele senses pinged way too late. Everything ain’t fine.
The planned Play Game from Dirk had succeeded for him, not for naïve Starra as he was the official royal diplomat on this royal mission under the direction of royal Prince Rann and his royal kingdom and his royal rules.
Also, Planet Sahara, with all the prisoners, and Planet Bio, with all clinical equipment, was owned and operated by only Lord Dirk, within the third alien timeline.


I mentally flashed back, within both the first and second alien timelines, when an assumed Emperor Dirk and his assumed Empress Rita destroyed Planet Resort bombarding wave after wave from red, yellow, and green colored maser power using a fleet of stolen ram starships on the property, planets, and people.


Then I flashed back present, Dirk had created a new home for his newly created race of novice Tele people, within his new empire, and now controlled the galaxy planets of Resort, Sahara. and Bio.
Lines of maser fire discharged out pretty streams of yellow, green, and red tinted damaging waves of bright light within the semi-dark room directly at my person, compliments of Dirk’s weapons arsenal also.
I performed a T-fly sideways and hid my person behind a nasty, red rust colored tall metal trash container blocking successfully a series of deadly waves. I continued to hover in the air and slapped both of my hands down over my new gray pretty diamond-stubbed soft cotton fabric top and matching skirt with a soft whine, nodding with a sour frown. “Great! No weapon again! This is such a bad habit, compliments of me.” I turned and sneered at Dirk, who had back peddled from the rows of pirate fighters, then crouched down against the entrance wall behind a tall mountain of hard tan colored rocks, within my eyesight but away from my short arm range. I sighed with impossibility.
I quickly performed a T-probe with my telepathy into Dirk’s mind and then understood completely.
Dirk had created a race of abnormal citizens who possessed a range of very limited Tele powers of telepathy and telekinesis, since each one of his created laboratory experiments had failed into forming a great Tele army for their evil leader.
The standing rows of short and tall pirates also had attacked and killed their own brothers and sisters inside the Bio ram ship under the direct order from Lord Dirk. I sighed with angry.
I sneered at Dirk and then returned, staring at an array of individual rust spots on the metal trash containers as a barge of individual medium and large rock chucks hit the container.
I must calm my internal angry and my jumbling nerve endings as my Tele powers will not work and wobble out of control, which will kill my person, within the third alien timeline.
I closed my two gray-tinted eyelashes at the metal container. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I was much calmer and in control now performing a T-scan with my telemetabolics, reaching out and touched each misshaped body on each pirate. Each pirate was missing numerous internal organs, as well as, each exterior limb, including a set of vocal cords for speech, one eyeball for sight, and a pair of ears for hearing. However, each one possessed and used the Tele power of telepathy as the primary form of communication for words and eyeballs to see. I sighed with pity.
The constant mind chatter inside my mind came from their individual telepathy words going to Dirk as I ease dropped on the conversation for my survival.
I turned and snarled at Dirk. He turned to see Starra with a grin and placed his index finger beside his temple.
Dirk had saved each pirate from the Sickness comatose state and then secretly transferred each one from the hospital bed on Space Station Bio inside one of the cold prison cells on Planet Sahara as part of his evil tele-experimentation. The row of short children and tall adult pirates did not, could not or would not see Dirk as a villain with his evil trick, only as a protector of their new society. I sighed with fury.
The air currents swiftly shifted and warned my senses that the stone toss was a little too high as the tiny rock fragment clipped my cheekbone with pain. “Ouch!” I smeared the fresh, hot red colored blood proteins over my golden freckles on my face using my hand while executing a Tele shield over my body, reflecting off each tiny tossed rock and stone and non-poisonous dart coming from each pirate on top of the high rock cliff. Each item flew in different direction through the air and then landed down on top of the stone floor at rest.
Then a bombardment of medium-sized rock fragments sailed through the air waves with a loud whistle coming towards my person and my Tele-shield. Behind the metal trash container, I lifted both of my arms in the air, within my shield, and performed a T-hold on each rock that prettily hung in the air over my hair roots for three seconds of drama. I split both of my arms as each rock chunk flew away from my body and slammed into the side wall with a set of loud booms, falling into millions of individual rock pieces in indigo and tan hue.
A second bombardment of both small and medium-sized rock fragments hit the upright dense and heavy red colored metal trash containers with numerous banging sounds, falling onto the stone floor in smaller pieces. Then the air waves stilled. I sighed with puzzlement.
A series of colorful yellow, red, green individual maser beams flew from each pirate on top of the high cliff as each one sizzled in hotness within the air current, coming directly at Starra.
“Really!” I executed a T-drop and then preformed a T-halt a few inches from the uneven stone floor as each maser ray hit and then melted the thick metal on the tall and wide trash container. Both the air waves and the metal container burned with heat inside the enclosed and damaged auditorium near my body and my face. I sweated like a plantation pig in the heat. I sighed with danger.
I slowly executed a T-drop on my horizontal body on top of the heated floor and pondered a new defensive strategy, since each pirate possessed a limited Tele power of telepathy for mental communications and limited Tele power of telekinesis for firing distance at my precious body.
Also, each pirate did not possess the vitally important Tele heal from the telemetabolics power which meant an instant death for each one, not for my body. However, Dirk did not possess the Tele power of healing telemetabolics, either. Thus, I mentally noted and stored for a future fight with Dirk later. I sighed with promise.
I continued to rest on top of the cool stone floor as a third bombardment of indigo colored large-sized rock fragments attacked and then attached onto the tall metal trash container that continued to heat and burn with more maser fire.
I closed my gray eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Concentrate. Calm. Focus.
I performed a T-probe with my telepathy counting five hundred pirates consisting of men, women, teens, and children on top of the high cliff. However, a team of one hundred muted and blind pirates slowly marched over the stone floor within a horizontal formation like good little warriors as they had been taught by a stupid Dirk. Each one fired out a colorful maser ray that melted and burned on the entrance rock wall while trying to touch my resting body behind the burning trash container.
I reinforced my T-shield with needy protection and turned to view Dirk. He was gone from the rock wall. However, I did not have time to find and kill him right now. I returned then viewed the line of pirates and performed a T-jerk from the floor with a loud sigh of annoyance, then executed a T-stand posing upright a few inches from the floor in the air with a huff, lifting both of my arms in the air. I reached out and performed a T-grab at one of the tall garage containers scooting it over the uneven stone floor with a terrible grinding sound that made my teeth ache. I executed a T-toss with my telekinesis at the advancing line consisting of men, women, and teenager pirate as my two Tele nose holes smelled the fear and then my pair of Tele eardrums heard the loud yells of panic on each dying or dead pirate. Then, a second line of men, women, and teen pirates shuffled down the high cliff coming towards my body.
“Geez! Everyone wants to die today,” I whispered for my eardrums only. I sighed with sadness.
I linked, connected, and Tele talked to Dirk: You are next on my hit list, Dirk. Watch out!
Dirk linked, connected, and then Tele talked back Starra: Only if you survive, Starra!
The line of determined and manipulated poor creatures, not really humans, slowly approached my position behind the burning trash container and then pressed a button and fired out a colorful maser ray at the entrance rock wall while trying to kill Starra.
At the same time, on top of the high cliff, numerous rows of creatures continued to toss a larger-sized rock formation at Starra, who hid behind the burning trash containers.
I turned and performed a T-pace moving through the air wave back and forth behind the burning metal trash containers as the poor metal object was continuously belted with rock objects and maser fire rays.
Peace. Peace. Peace. I linked, connected, and Tele talked to each pirate.
Die. Die. Die. The collective mind from each pirate mind linked, connected, and Tele talked back to Starra.
I whipped away the sweat from my worried face rubbing down to my wet throat, fearing the emotions within my head and my heart. Each pirate was a victim here coming from a captured prison bed. I sighed with defeat.
A massive rock boulder sailed through the air with a loud whistle coming from the combined strength of fifty pirates and nosily smashed into the burning trash container, before my eyesight and in front of my air-borne body. I sighed with wow-ness.
I swiftly performed a sideway T-leap from the air and then landed down on the stone floor with a loud groan, saving my body, still wearing my Tele shield. I folded into a ball and stay behind the mount of rock, where Dirk had been hidden, before he had vanished into the air, or maybe the woodwork.
I performed a T-grab with numerous loose rock fragments and thick loose slabs of dark blue colored concrete, creating my own set of home-made weapons and then executed a T-toss reaching in mass, pelting each pirate into a short pile of wet bones, blood, and flesh. I sighed with death.
I slowly stood upright from the stone floor with a growl, then executed a T-walk up the bank of tan colored rock in the air waves and finally halted on top of the uneven floor, staring down at my new enemy with a loud sneer of annoyance and more death acts. I sighed with brutality.
Inside the damaged archway on the entrance wall that led into the enclosed and destroyed dance hall auditorium, Lord Dirk quietly squats down on top of the even stone floor with a smile and stares at Starra’s Tele performance, whispering for his eardrums only. “I knew that girl possessed too many Tele powers, which is more than I. I have eye witnessed her Tele strength of telekinesis and heard her telepathy talents. She has always possessed Tele healing from telemetabolics like Rosa as Starra is always healed and lovely, after each dangerous and deadly encounter with my blade. Now, I wonder if she possesses the tele power of teleclairvoyance. No matter now! I will never know the full truth as trouble is approaching from the east,” he scooted backwards from the archway and then stood upright, leaning into the side wall inside the hallway while pointing at the open archway with a worried brow.
Coming down the even stone hallway, Rann appeared alone with a stern face and swiftly raced ahead to Dirk, wondering about his princess bride Starra, scanning the immediately damaged hallway with worry.
“Rann!” Dirk turned and waved a friendly hand at the prince with a slick smirk, standing beside the side wall.
Rann stopped and stared at Dirk with a sneer. “Starra! I see you, Dirk. So, where is Starra? Is she harmed? How you harmed her?” He reached down and touched outlying his maser on the utility belt around his fitted waistline while still snarling at Dirk.
Dirk continued to stand and laughed out loud. “No, I am not harmed. No, Starra is not harmed either. And she is located inside the forward dance hall auditorium which is ahead of us. Come close and see Starra, should we, Rann?”
He turned and stared into the open archway seeing only darkness with faint lights and loud noises, “Why is Starra there without you, Dirk?”
Dirk laughed again. “It was her choice, really!”
He gasped in shock and dashed ahead toward the archway, shouting out loud with worry. “Starra! I must save her.” Rann drew out his maser and stopped taking a step into the unknown room with worry and concern.
Dirk dashed ahead and scooted sideways, blocking Rann, leaning down into the nose bridge on Rann with a stern face and a whisper. “Don’t go inside yet, prince! Don’t you wanna know what is happening inside, Rann. Your royal life is in danger here also. Your girl, Starra has started a fight with the society of pirates here on damaged Resort, Rann.”
Rann growled with alarm and jerked out his maser, placing the cold weapon barrel at the invisible heart organ on Dirk’s chest.
“Watch and learn, prince!” Dirk back stepped from Rann with laughter, without fear, spinning around to face the damaged hotel room, advancing a few feet away from Rann and then halted, staring at Starra with a soft chuckle and a smile.
Rann continued to hold the maser at the back spine on Dirk, feeling puzzlement, then slowly moved ahead while scanning the damaged room and then halted with curiosity. He climbed the small mountain of tan colored rock and stood beside Dirk, aiming the maser at air waves while watching and listened to the loud commotion.
On top of the taller mountain peak made of solid tan colored rock, I rolled my body sideways over the dirty floor and moved to the side wall, performing a T-lift with my telekinesis on the next burnt and battered red colored trash containers that stood in a crooked row. I executed a T-toss in the air and then performed a T-squash down on two rows of advancing pirates that were firing strings of colorful maser waves at my precious body but missed. I gasped for air and frowned with a whisper. “Geez, Louise! These things don’t stop walking, continue fighting, and just keep advancing to me like their loving mama, which I ain’t. I terribly fear the killing time of each pirate has not ended yet.” I sighed with taskness.
Near the open archway, on top of a smaller mountain of tan colored rock beside Dirk, Prince Rann pointed at the commotion and gasped in shock, staring at Starra, whispering to Dirk. “What! What am I seeing here? What is happening in here?”
Dirk continued to stand with a smile and leaned over into the forehead on Rann as Dirk was taller than the prince. He whispered back to the prince. “She moves with magical limbs. Each heavy steel container floats up from the floor without machine equipment or a set of manual human biceps as she uses her mind, Rann.”
“Starra! How in the universe can she perform that magical feat without a single piece of artificial machine equipment? I don’t understand. I don’t believe it either.” He frowned at Starra.
“Starra, she is not what she seems. So, please, pay closer attention and watch her, prince!” Dirk smiled.
On top of the mountain of tan rock, I leaned into the side wall. Rows of red, yellow, and green maser beams few from each pirate and hit down into the side wall, my Tele-shield, and the rock floor. I performed a Tele roll over the uneven floor and covered my hairy bone skull, moving ahead behind one of the burning trash containers for protection. I halted and reached out, executing a T-grab and then perform a T-launch with my telekinesis on the row of trash containers, tossing three containers at the approaching line of short and tall men, women, and teen pirates, squashing each one into a pile of broken bones and splattered guts and blood. I could feel the deaths and viewed the piles of exposed bones, blood, and guts from each squashed pirate. I closed my eyelashes. I sighed with sorrow.
On top of the smaller mountain of tan rock, Dirk continued to stand and leaned down into Rann with a smile and a whisper. “Starra, she’s a crazy girl. Look! Do you see how she tosses a harmful big object at the rows of peaceful pirates?”
Rann continued to stand and held the maser in his shooting hand, shaking his skull with confusion at the terrible scene of deaths and destruction of individuals. “I do not understand your confusing words, Dirk. The royal mission was her idea making peace with pirates.”
“This was her plot, then. This is her plan, now. Please, continue to watch her, Rann! Look at each magical thing that she performs using her mind, not her two hands. like me and you would or could or will do.” Dirk smiled at Starra. Rann continued to stand and stared at Starra with worry.
On top of the mountain rock, I exhaled with worry and slowly stood upright hearing the whistle of larger rock objects coming towards the row of burning trash containers. I danced into a single cartwheel, two forward flips, and then halted, standing upright, rolling down into a tucked somersault and landed behind a new non-burning trash container. I squatted down with a huff and plopped both of my arms down on top of the smooth rock floor with a soft grunt, slowly lifting each limb along with four trash containers on each side of my crouches body, slapping my hands together with all my Tele strength. The four containers flew away from Starra and through the air, dropping down on the first two rows on top of the high cliff, murdering over fifty men, women, teens, and children with her efficient killing style. I sighed with harm.
I could not save a single pirate including a child as the mind of each pirate had been programmed to act aggressive, violent, and destructive with a single game strategy: riding Starra from the universe, not their evil master Dirk.
And I did not desire to die either as I was getting married within three days here within the newest and coolest third alien timeline to my upcoming husband-prince. Then I would continue as an alive and breathing citizen and would become happily married to my man Rann. I sighed with determination.
On top of the smaller mountain of flat and smooth tan colored rock, Dirk whispered back to Rann. “Answer me! Guess for me! How is this possible, Rann?”
Rann shook his skull and wore a stern face staring at Starra.  “I don’t know, Dirk. I don’t understand, but I will ask Starra.”
Inside the damaged hallway, Ambassador Ty slowly jogged down the same even floor without shouting while searching for Rann and then halted. His pair of eardrums picked up a set of loud noises that were located further down the damaged hallway. He dashed ahead and then stopped standing inside an open archway, seeing the back spine of Rann and Dirk. They stood on top of a small mountain of tan colored rock and watched something.
Ty quickly entered the room and climbed the rock, colliding into the back spine on Rann, shoving Dirk from Rann with a sneer. He hugged the back spine on Rann and whispered down into the eardrum on Rann, staring at a line of pirates who were attacking Starra for some reason. “We are all here and fully armed, Rann.”
Dirk shuffled to the side and halted, turning with a gasp to the presence of Ty without speaking but listened to the conversation.
Rann continued to stand and stared at Starra, talking back to Ty, “Excellent, Ty! Leave now and send all the troops in here to help Starra, right now!”
Dirk gasped in alarm that Rann was going to assist Starra while she continued to murder each helpless and hopeless creature, where he had created from his wicked scientific experiments.
Ty back stepped from Rann and spun around from the fight, exiting the room, dashing back to the troops in order to help Starra.
Dirk slid back toward Rann with a stern face, without leaning over into the cheekbone on the prince while pointing at Starra. He shouted out loud over each cry of death and a loud boom of property destruction by Starra, “Wait! You must continue to watch Starra in here. Starra doesn’t need any help, Rann. She can battle the rows of pirates alone and by her selfie,” he chuckled. “Starra is winning the battle with the pirates.”
“Why would Starra want to win a battle? She is defending her person. And you are not making any true statements, only nonsense here, Dirk.” Rann turned and sneered at Dirk.
On top of the mountain of tan rock, I scooted my body across the stone floor on both of my naked kneecaps collecting rock dust and body bruises with a T-shield in place protecting my biological assets from the continuous pings of red maser fire rays. I was going to finish my personal task which was not the negotiation of peace with rows of pirates as I had lied to Rann my future husband and prince. Each pirate would die within my eyesight every minute (that’s 50 seconds on Resort).
Near the open archway on top of the smaller mountain of tan colored rock, Dirk continued to whisper to Rann and stares at Starra. “Watch for another few minutes, the answer will reveal itself to you, prince.”
On top of the tall mountain of uneven rough hard tan colored rock surface, I performed a T-leap from the stone floor and executed a T-glide across the naked air currents, like an Agri blue bird, then deftly landed upright on my boot soles on the other side of the dance hall room away from the lines of advancing pirates with a maser gun. The numerous air-borne waves with large rocks, homemade spears, straight arrows, and sharp blades did not touch my person, with my awesome T-shield, because I was a Tele Mistress and could defend myself. I had the right to defend my person against each angry pirate and deceptive Dirk.
Lord Dirk was tucked away safely near the door archway while watching Starra as she worked alone on her own feats of Tele powers. I sighed with hope.
Near the open archway, on top of the smaller mountain of rock, Dirk continued to watch Starra and whispered down to Rann. “How can she do that magnificent feat?” Rann watches Starra in silence.
On top of the tall mountain floor, I dropped down behind a new trash container with panting breath. My series of aerobics was becoming tiring. A row of colorful maser waves hit the side wall. Then I executed a T-grab with several concrete blocks from the stone floor and performed a T-lift in the air, holding my row of weapons, conducting a T-toss at the rows of pirates on top of the high cliff. I killed each one, without mercy. I sighed with death.
Near the open archway, Dirk still stood beside Rann and exhaled with annoyance. Rann loved Starra. So, Dirk implanted a new idea into Rann’s open mind. “I can tell you how, prince. She is an alien. She is an earthling. Starra has invaded our universe to take control.”
Rann turned and sneered at Dirk. “I don’t believe your silliness, Dirk. Starra cannot take over our universe. She is only one female without an army of males or females or a combination of both.”
He nodded with a smile. “It is so possible,” he viewed and pointed at a whirling and twirling Starra. “Look! Look closely at each one of her feats of magical actions, prince. Observe her strength and talents! Do any of our citizens possess those same and evil magical powers?” Dirk smiled at Starra.
“No.” Rann viewed then huffed out loud while watching Starra and her magical feats.
“She will conquer us and rule us.” Dirk wore a smirk and implanted the new idea into the weakened mind on Rann.
“She is only a commander in the military. She is not a noble. She does not have currs.” Rann reacted to the threat with a sour tone and continued to stare at Starra.
Dirk frowned with a nod and stared at Starra. “That is so true, so true. But she has something more. She has you. She will marry you. You are the richest and most powerful man within our universe, Rann. You are the key to throw our peaceful universe into total bloody chaos like in here.” Dirk turned and smiled into the cheekbone on Rann.
“No.” Rann puffed out loud and stared at Starra.
“She is not from our universe. She is from the planet of Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy. No one in our galaxy can perform feats of magic like this.”
On top of the tall mountain with tan colored rock, I danced across the rock floor and advanced closer to the high cliff with the last rows of armed and angry pirates while performing an array of awesome stunts of leaping, rolling, and somersaulting with my body in the air, riding off each wall, and then bouncing onto the floor. I quickly changed and charged my body direction away from each stinging maser ray hiding behind the rest of the garage containers. I dropped down and huffed out loud with pain and sadness. Then I performed a T-grab then a T-collect at an assortment of broken wooden barrels, broken dishes and other glass and metal items that was located on each side wall, inside the destroyed dance hall, performing a T-toss towards the high cliff, chopping upright bodies in half or cutting limbs off on the other bodies, while a new row of pirates advanced toward the edge of the rock cliff. I squatted down behind the tall garage container in red hue and closed my eyelashes, performing a T-probe with my telepathy with my new knowledge that Dirk had brainwashed each poor creature into fighting to the death, rather than fleeing for its life. I sighed with sorrow.
Near the open archway, on top of the smaller mountain of rock, Dirk gasped in shock and jabbed his finger at Starra with a smirk. “Did you see that? Starra jumps across the length of the grand dance hall room like an angel or a demon. I do not know which entity she displays, an angel or a demon. Did you see that, prince?”
“Yes.” Rann huffed musically.
Dirk slapped his chest with a nod. “That is called mystic, mysterious magic. Don’t you believe so, Rann?” Then he smiled.
On top of the tall mountain of tan rock, I performed a T-grab and then a T-launch with a different garage container at the high cliff, smashing more bodies into death. I sighed with repeat.
Near the archway, on top of the smaller mountain of rock, Dirk reached over and grabbed shaking Rann’s naked bicep saying with a growl into Rann’s eardrum. “This is how she will destroy the universe, one person at a time. Look at her! She fights, without a machine, a single emotion or humanly compassion. She does not care if they are a group of discarded unworthy citizens within our galaxy. She has judged and sentenced them to death. This is her plan to rule the universe, without mercy.”
Rann turned with a sneer and shoved Dirk away from his upright body, proclaiming with a smooth timber. “Starra, she has always shown compassion towards me. Starra has saved my life on numerous occasions. You, however, have caused…”
“She saved your life. Did you ask her why Starra did that? Because, Starra wants to rule our universe. To rule our universe, you must first control. Who controls our universe? Who is the ruler of the universe? You are, Rann. Think about it one! You are going to marry her. Then Starra will rule with you and then, destroy you and take over the universe.”
Rann gasped in alarm and looked down at his boot toes saying with a whisper of doubt. “Starra wanted…”
Dirk had spied on Starra and Rann the night of the princess bride announcement with his Tele power like a vile villain. He quickly slid back to Rann and gasped in shock, nodding with a whisper down into the black colored hair roots on Rann. “Yes, yes, yes, of course, Starra, she wanted to get married right away. At that very moment, after you had announced her as yours new princess bride. Starra wanted to get married immediately. Don’t your recall, Rann? Starra did not want to wait four days, before the planned wedding ceremony with you and the rest of the galaxy.”
Rann looked up and gasped at Dirk. Dirk nodded with a stern face and returned seeing Starra. “Four days is not a long time to wait to take over the universe from us, Rann. Four days, she will be in control.”
“She listens to me.” Rann exhaled with worry and shook his skull while sneering at Dirk.
Dirk slapped his chest and then turned with a nod to see Rann. “I am correct. I am always correct. Starra is here to take over our universe. You must destroy her, right now, Rann! You must kill her, right now, before she brainwashes you.”
Rann exhaled with doubt and then turned to see Starra, nodding with a stern face. “I wanna talk to her first. I wanna hear her side of the story. I wanna know how she is able to perform these feats of magic.”
Dirk exhaled with annoyance. He could not convince Rann that Starra was the villain here. He smiled. “I can answer that question for you without her speaking. She is an alien. She is a nasty and unknown earthling from Planet Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy.”
Rann shook his skull and laughed out loud. “Is that so? And I always thought you to be the nasty earthling that’s hiding out inside our universe, Rann. No, I’ll find out for myself. I will talk with Starra first and then I will decide her fate as my princess wife or…”
“She killed them. Starra has killed all of them with her powers and without permission. That’s her plan. To invade our galaxy and take over….”
“She cannot. She would not. She…” Rann turned and stared at Starra.
“She is a pilot with very talented skills. She is going to marry the ruler of the universe in three days, not a noble, not a commoner but you, the prince. Starra will be the second most powerful citizen in the universe after she marries you, Rann.” Dirk sneered. “Kill her now! You must kill it from Planet Earth, before it destroys us, Rann. Kill her! Kill her now!”
“I can hear your nasty words with a whisper near my eardrum, Dirk. But I am a fair man. I wanna hear it from Starra. I want Starra to explain her feats of mysterious magic. Tomorrow, I will listen and learn about Starra. The debate ends here and right now.” Rann spun around from Starra and slowly climbed down the small mountain of tan colored rock, studying the open archway with worry, whispering for his eardrums only. “Where is Ty? Where are my guards?”

On top of the taller mountain of tan colored rock, the air waves were free and clear.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything is fine.
I slowly stood upright from behind the burning red colored garage container and studied the tan colored uneven stone floor. Hundreds of dead bodies were scattered beautifully on top of the rock surface without movement or sound. I sighed with blessings.
I sneered with angry at the deaths and whispered for my eardrums only. “I am done here. And I have a new promise to eliminate Lord Dirk right here on damaged Planet Resort. Then I will hide his damaged body from my future prince-husband, who will never know about the dead pirates, the deadly battle, and the dead and done Lord Dirk.” I sighed with toil.
I swung around with a hiss from the high cliff and each dead body, performing a Tele leap up from the rock floor and then executed a Tele flight through the air waves landing on top of a smaller piece of rock in a crouched position, staring down at the rock. I slowly stood upright with a loud growl and dusted off the rock dust and brown earth dirt from my hands while smiling with my final victory over the dead pirates at Dirk. He continued to stand upright without fear and in place smiling back at Starra.
I lifted my boot toe then dropped it back down on the hard surface with a gasp, feeling a flip-flop tummy, praying for my Tele power of invisibility which does not exist within my Tele world.
Rann appeared and stood on the same mountain of rock, staring with a stunned face at Starra.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
Rann quickly advanced to Starra and reached out, grabbing her arm, pulling her into a hug and then whispered into her face with a calm timber. “What’s going on here, Starra? You were supposed to make peace with the pirates, not start a war, Starra.”
I wiggled side to side and bit my lower lip within his arm holding back my tears and then whine with a tiny voice. “I tried but I was…”
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
A limp body appeared and dropped down beside Rann.
I looked down and gasped in shock. I viewed his blonde hair, his noble vest, and his smooth dark skin.
Rann released Starra with a gasp and dropped down was the floor with worry, reaching out, touching Ty. His body was sweaty and bloody. His forehead is cracked open. Rann whispered. “Ty, my old friend….” I sighed with concern.
“Starra, she can save Ty, Rann. Starra has the ability to save a life, if she chooses to use it, Rann.” Dirk appeared from somewhere and stood beside Starra, leaning over her stinky silver tinted hair roots, mouth drooling with a smirk at Ty. I sighed with terror.
Rann looked up and sneered at Starra, jabbing his bloody finger down at his friend. “Save him!”
Ty bleed from a cracked bone skull over the dirty stone floor, his dark green clothes, and both of Rann’s naked hands.
I could try to save my friend, who had appeared with me within all three alien time lines. I sighed with hope.
“I think so.” I whispered for my eardrums only. I sighed with doubt.
“You think so. What does that mean? Save him, right now, Starra!” Rann possessed the Tele power of telepathy but wasn’t aware of his talent until right now as he had heard her whispered words with his sharp Tele eardrums. He stood upright and back stepped from Ty, standing beside Dirk, giving Starra more room as Rann observed her new mysterious magical powers.
I stumbled ahead and squatted down beside a stationary and unconscious Ty. He rested like a zombie on top of the uneven surface and was covered in more blood than clothes. He was slowly dying while weakly coughing up the blood from his lungs. 
I reached out and placed my shaky palm on top of his exposed naked chest that had been blown wide open with a maser wave, seeing his pink heart that pump up and down inside the chest cavity. I executed a T-zap with my telemetabolics, pulling up his torn and bloody muscle tissue from his busted eighth and ninth rib bones inside his shattered rib cage, covering his exposed naked beating heart, a few heart valves and some of the heart skin muscle. I sighed with trouble.
His heart damage was extensive. His pulse was extremely lowly decreased, and his blood pressure was very weak. And his spirit was in a lovely metaphysical state within my Tele mind while preparing to leave Planet Resort for his spiritual travel into the afterlife. I sighed with life.
His resting body bleed internally from each body organ, including his heart, two lungs, two kidneys, the spleen, the stomach and the brain. These extensive body injuries were too massive for my earthly Tele powers. I could not save this dying biological body, only a miracle from a superiority supernatural angel could do that. I sighed with peace.
His heart barely pumped out an ounce of his blood proteins through any of his four heart valves that fed into his non-active brain. Ty was already brain dead. Even if I stabilized his breathing, blood flow, and heart rate, Ty would never talk, laugh, sing, or smile, again.
I whispered for my eardrums only to Ty, before his spirit left his non-moving body. “Good bye, my old friend!”
“What have you not done, Starra? What did you not say, Starra?” Dirk shouted out loud and bumped into Rann while using his pair of Tele eardrums, hearing her soft work, spying the Tele Mistress. Rann gasped in worry and stared down at Ty.
I shook my wet curls and shouted out loud, “I cannot save him. Ty is going to die.” I looked up to see Rann with a sad face. “I am sorry, Rann.”
Dirk leaned over and whispered into Rann’s cheekbone. “Starra will not save Ty. Starra does not want to save Ty. Starra only wants you, Rann. Starra does not want anyone else interfering with her plans to rule the universe, so she can open the wormhole and admit each nasty earthling and enter into our domain.”
Rann gasped in alarm, stomped ahead to Starra, and then stopped, squatting down, shoving Starra from Ty.
I tumbled to the side and shouted out loud at Rann. “I cannot save Ty. His bodily injures are too severe.” I sobbed with my own tears and watched with sadness.
Rann reached out and pulled his dying friend Ty into his chest, faking a smile, staring down at his dying friend. “Ty, my old friend, don’t worry! You’ll be all right. Med Tech, get over here right now!”
A short, pale-skinned Med Tech quickly appeared and scrambled over, squatting down over Ty, pulling out from his bag a set of fancy, shiny medical equipment. He slowly pressed each instrument down onto Ty’s limp body, shaking his bone skull of cropped brown hair and then looked up, sitting back. “Sire, I cannot help Ambassador Ty.”
“Save Ty!” Rann shouted out loud with worry and continued to stare down at his friend. Inside Rann’s lap, Ty struggled side to side and weakly coughs, then meekly wheezes, then slowly breathed, then softly coughed, and finally expired out his last breath. 
Just like that, you die in a blink of an eyelash.
“Ambassador Ty has expired, Sire.” Med Tech softly pronounced and continued to stare down at Ty.
I slowly crawled ahead and then stopped, reaching out, touching his exposed naked leg. I performed a T-view with my teleclairvoyance that invaded his active mind, seeing the action. 



Thirty minutes before…

Ty and the honor guard unit are crouched down behind the row of green colored plant bushes near the rear door on the same building while readying a violent attack on the society of pirates.

Inside the damaged dance hall with Rann and Starra, Dirk stands beside Rann and uses his Telekinesis, shuffling a loose standing slab of indigo rock over the edge, coming down from the rooftop.

The broken concrete slab drops down on top of Ty and his guard unit, killing each guard.

Ty twists to the side as a flying fragment from the rock departs and hits his forehead. Ty falls into the grass.

Dirk has murdered each guard without his hands but with his set of evil Tele power.

Ty rests on top of the dirt, unconscious.

Two live guards dash to Ty, lifts the unconscious body from the dirt, then carries him to Prince Rann.


Inside the damaged auditorium, on top of the uneven tone floor, I removed my hand from his leg saying with a gasp as my teleclairvoyance images stopped in motion. I looked over to see the nose profile on Rann.
I greatly desired to tattle the true Tele-event, but Rann would not believe my story, because he questioned my sanity now. So, I would wait my time and then find more evidence against Dirk to show Rann and finally kill Dirk. I sighed with promise.
“She did not save Ty. Do not believe her, Rann!” Dirk continued to stand in place with a smirk and started again.
“Enough!” Rann shoved the dead and bloody body of his friend Ty from his lap with a loud grunt and swiftly stood upright on top of the bloody rock, reaching down, grabbing the arm on Starra. With his partial Tele strength and his brutal human strength, Rann swiftly jerked Starra upright from the rock stone onto her pair of boot soles and cuddled her upright body, spinning them around from his dead friend, slowly climbing down the small mountain of rock. He moved ahead in silence and exited the damaged auditorium, dashing over the even hotel floor, taking a new staircase down to the ground floor. Outside within the cool breeze and bright sunshine, Rann and Starra moved ahead outside together. I sighed with numbness.
I had lost my friend too. I closed my two gray-tinted eyelashes from the bright light and swirling clouds, pondering a hot day with a cool breeze here on destroyed and abandoned Planet Resort. A thunderstorm echoed in the far distance bombarding my two regular human eardrums.
On top of the brown colored dirt and tall grassy weeds, Rann pushed Starra to his stationary zipper. A set of honor guards stood and guarded the royal zipper ship from small wildlife animals and then opened each door. Rann released her and stood in place with a stern face.
I slid down into the cool leather seat. He leaned down and slapped the tan colored web netting over her folded and stinky body for the outer space trip, slamming the hatch door shut. He moved around and slides down the pilot chair, messing with the gear controls on his modified zipper which was built for two people with no luggage and three afterburners for a fast ride home to Commerce.
I opened and then closed my set of eyelashes feeling exhaustion plus numerous aching bruises and bloody cuts, not staring into the dirty windshield at the brown dirt and green weeds of Resort while with my internal thoughts. Ty had died and left the third alien timeline. I desperately desired Dirk to be dead instead. I sighed with eternal revenge.
The zipper ship swiftly blasted off the dirt creating tiny swirls of tornados in the air and quickly sailed up into cold, black outer space waves. Inside the pilot chair, Rann steered with a stern face at the forward shield. “I’m taking you to Space Station Bio. You need to see a Bbot.”
I sat in the passenger seat, inside his zipper, and poked an index finger pad on each one of my bloody cuts, feeling the pain, saying with a tired face to my legs. “No. I will, I mean, I wanna go home. I just need to rest and sleep.” I continued to slowly heal each bruise on my leg feeling the pain and exhaustion of the death exercise, killing all the pirates that had been created by Dirk’s scientific experiment.
Rann adjusted the zipper’s trajectory and flew the zipper towards Planet Commerce while steering the spacecraft in silence.

On the 9th hour, late, late evening, on Planet Commerce, the zipper ship landed hard down on top of the yellow cobblestone street while busting a few of the stones in front of Starra’s royal noble castle among the cold temperatures and thick gray tinted clouds without seeing billions of twinkling stars or bright rays of moonlight.
Inside the passenger seat, I felt dizzy with pain and awoke from the jolting impact on top of the stone street. I sighed with nothingness.
Inside the pilot chair, Rann opened his door, without killing the engine, and slid out, quickly dashing around the front bumper on his zipper, opening her door, without a smile. He reached in and jerked Starra upright from the leather seat, standing upright on both of her boot soles, cuddling her close, dragging Starra towards her empty and damaged front porch, without a word. He stopped and stood in front her closed door, swinging Starra around to face him, saying with a stern face and a matching tone of happy emotions. “Good night. I’ll see you tomorrow for breakfast. Try to rest.”
“Good night, Rann. I’ll see you, tomorrow, too. I’ll be fine and dandy for tomorrow, when I see you for the breakfast meal, too.” I leaned over and tried to kiss his heated cheekbone as he spun around from Starra and quickly moved back to his zipper ship.
I reached up and touched my bloody chapped lips while watching his zipper sail away into the night with a smile. I spun around and slammed my nose bridge into the closed door, “What! I’m a royal mess,” I laughed out loud and reached down, opening the door, entering the room, moving across a dirty floor. I gently touched my body and feel the bruises, cuts, and tears.
My pretty gray outfit contained holes and tears with tons of my dried blood on each one of my exposed arms and legs coming from frog-leaping, rabbit-jumping, rock-pitching, and bird-soaring off each side wall, and then onto the hard rock floor surface inside that damaged Resort hotel.
I slowly climbed the staircase step with a loud grunt and landed on the dirty second floor level, slowly strolling ahead with a soft moan of pain, entering my bedroom. I did not stop and dropped down on top of the messy bed covers on the soft bed mattress with a dirty body closing my eyelashes and peacefully sleeping the night away.
Alien Day 98


Bonita castle property of Starra
12th hour (early afternoon)
Front door setting
Blue sky and white clouds with yellow sunshine at 68°F


One Mbot and two Gbots swiftly arrived and greeted the owner on the damaged front steps, hovering inside an open archway, staring without human emotion but two machine eyeballs at Starra. I sighed with perplexity.
Mbot was a shorter, silver-tinted, cylinder-shaped robot and droned in alto timber at Starra. “Lady Starra, Prince Rann requests your presence at the royal castle at once for the lunch meal.”
I did not address the metal machine and spun around with a giggle, racing over the floor, up the staircase, down the new hallway, and then into my private bedroom.
Apparently, I have been summoned for the lunch meal, instead of the breakfast meal. And I had overslept through the morning until the afternoon due to the healing trance from my telemetabolics Tele talent while healing my body back into fitness shape. Rann was so sweet to care for me. I sighed with marriage.
I slowly dressed in a formal pink ankle-length fancy gown inside my bedroom, without a pair of gloves or a bling of glittering jewelry, for our shared informal lunch date at the royal castle. Then I lifted the front hem of the lovely gown and left my bedroom, using my telekinesis talents and swiftly raced back down the second level floor hallway, leaping down most of the wooden steps, landing gently down on the floor. I dropped the hem of the gown and straightened out all the wrinkles first, formed a smile second and then gracefully shuffled ahead in four-inched high sandal heels in matching pink hue, passing each robot. Each Gbot spun around and surrounded Starra escorting her to the sitting royal carrier, without Rann. I sighed with safety.

Ten minutes later, down the cobblestone street, parking in front of the castle door, from the royal air carrier, then inside Rann’s castle, moving ahead towards the throne room, a pair of silver tinted Gbots moved ahead and also behind the back spine on Lady Starra flying into the familiar ugly purple and green colored throne room as four honor guards detached from each throne wall and appeared, strolling beside Starra, moving through the open archway. I sighed with intrigue.
The throne room had been re-decorated in green hue including the walls, the ceiling planks, and all the furniture pieces by a dead and gone Baron Bartholomew from the second timeline. Then Prince Rann, the current ruler in the third alien timeline, replaced and added golden furniture pieces keeping the ugly green colored walls and ceiling planks.

Yup! The room is uglier than Dirk’s mama.

Inside the ugliest throne room within the unknown galaxy, I stopped and was surrounded by both human and metal honor guards, smiling at my future husband, Prince Rann.
Rann stood in front of the glittering golden tinted furniture pieces that leaned against the forward wall handsomely dressed in his traditional white tinted sleeveless vest and a pair of matching white colored trousers that were tucked down inside a pair of polished colored black knee-high boots, without a satin sash and with all his arm muscles while appeared dashing and stunning. He stood not alone but beside Dirk.
Lord Dork…naw…Dirk wore his traditional chartreuse (that was puke green with dirty yellow spots) chest half-girly tunic dress, a pair of matching trousers, a long matching cloak without the hoodie, plus a long sword at his hip hostler, slightly nodding his ugly bone skull several times while grinning at Starra.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
Rann, the ruler of the universe and the future husband of Starra, was not smiling at his future princess bride. And Rann and Dirk were located closely together in the same place, in the same room, and on the same planet. I sighed with deep fear and awful fright.
This is not good, ya’ll.
“Good afternoon,” I tilted my face through the arms of human and metal smiling at Rann, not Dirk. “Are we having our lunch meal here inside the throne room with another person? I am almost starving to death, Rann.” I giggled with a nod. I sighed with worry, not happiness.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Rann did not speak but flipped his hand to the side. Each human and metal guard bowed down to the Ruler of the Universe, slowly back stepping from Rann like he was mad at something or someone. He exhaled with annoyance. “Starra, how are you feeling?” He slowly shuffled ahead and twenty inches from Dirk, faking a smile, then stopped, reaching out, touching her naked forearm.
Maybe, I should have worn the ancient gray dress with a pair of long sleeves. I shifted my arm back into my chest and away from his warm hand. Rann continued to fake a smile and examined her exposed, healthy non-cut, non-damaged naked skin tissue. I sighed with deep trouble.
“Fine!” I played down my awesome Tele powers of healing telemetabolics and slightly leaned around the upright body on Rann, eye burning Dirk. Dirk continued to stand in place and produced a wicked smile with a soft chuckle like a girl, staring at Starra. I sighed with deep concern.
Rann reached out and touched, caressing her other forearm that held smooth un-cut, non-damaged naked skin tissue, also, saying with puzzlement. “You are healed on your naked arms. You are completely healed on each naked arm. I find this event a miracle. I personally escorted your body home yesterday off Planet Resort from your impromptu battle…”
“It wasn’t a…”
“You displayed numerous wound injuries on your biological body. You also refused to see a medical Bbot. Now, I can’t believe my two normal eyes. I see with my eye that your naked skin tissue does not contain a single skin cut or a blue bruise or a tissue scar. How is this all possible, Starra?” He dropped down her limb and looked up with a stern face, staring at Starra. Then he twisted his face and viewed Dirk. Dirk turned and nodded in silence back to Rann.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
I continued to stand and then witnessed that slick head move coming from Dirk.
His face returned and produced a fake smile to Starra. “I was also amazed with your fantastical feats yesterday on the destroyed planet of Resort. Would you mind explaining, to me, something? How you were able to throw numerous heavy objects weighing tons of poundage from one side of a wide ballroom to the other side, without the use of bot machine power?” His face twisted from Starra and viewed Dirk.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
Dirk nodded with a stern face to Rann. “The answer is so simple, Rann. She is an alien.” He turned and laughed at Starra, “Are you an alien, Starra?”
I continued to stand and gasped in alarm, staring with a stern face of mixed angry emotions at Dirk, in silence.
Dirk slowly advanced from the row of glittering golden furniture pieces and stood beside a slightly shorter Rann, speaking to Starra. “Starra had arrived through the wormhole which is located above Planet Bonita, the only wormhole that leads into another galaxy from our universe. Starra has come here to invade and destroy our universe, Rann. She comes from Planet Earth within the Milky Way Galaxy. Planet Earth is dying. Every one of us here within our healthy galaxy knows that scientific, biological, medical, social, economic, and spiritual factoid. The primitive species of humans including all men, women, children, and teenagers have destroyed the precious ozone layer in the planet’s atmosphere. The planet will destroy itself within another five years or less. Earthling Starra has been sent here ahead scouting out a new world for the greedy, selfish, arrogant Earthling species. Starra is an Earthling, coming from Planet Earth, within the Milky Way Galaxy. Don’t deny it, Starra! Is that even your real Earth name?” Rann did not gasp or speak or huff or hiss at the new information.
I continued to stand and gasped in alarm, without a word, and as my two gray tinted pupils darted to Rann and then returned to Dirk. I sighed with deadly danger.
Dirk smiled only at Starra. “Ask her how old she is? Earthlings are younger than we. You cannot tell by their physical appearance as the other side of daily events, on the wormhole, moves much slower than our universe. Starra will give you the wrong answer, Rann.”
I continued to stand and gasped in shock. I am 17 years, 7 months, 7 days, 7 hours, 7 minutes, and 7 seconds old in Earth years, not Commerce time.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine, darling!


I mentally flashed back past, within the first and second alien timelines, when Lady Rosa had been an ancient 249 years of age.

Lord Dirk had been a young 72 years of age.

Rann had teased Starra at swimming pool that he and I were the same age, but that was not true.


Then I mentally flashed into the present day, I did not know Rann’s age. He could be 17 years old or 27 years old or 57 years old or 77 years or 97 years or 107 years of age. I sighed with confusion.
I grinned and flirted with my two eyelashes swaying both of my hips as my long gown shuffled sideways. I cleared my throat from the bitter bile and then parted my lips to speak a strand of sweet words to my upcoming husband-prince.
“What is your age, Starra?” Rann snarled at the alien from Planet Earth.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
“Starra does not know. Starra can feel your emotions, Rann. Be careful! Starra is trying to read your mind, Rann.” Dirk grinned at the alien. Rann rapidly back stepped from Starra while believing Dirk. Dirk jabbed his long finger down at her naked forearm and nodded with a smile. “The alien proof is seen in each one of her exposed naked arms. Starra has healed her entire alien body in less than a day, one night, a couple of hours, since midnight of last night. Starra is completely healed. Starra is un-harmed. Starra is alive. No other pirate lives and breathes, but is dead, not buried. I can explain, if you would allow me…”
“Explain!” Rann growled at Starra. I sighed with murder.
“Starra is an alien. Only an alien can possess special magical powers like her coming from a different galaxy and a different time.” Dirk continued to nod his bone skull and smiled at Starra. “You had asked Starra her age. Starra cannot answer, Rann. We age faster within our universe, but we do not appear older like her great-grandpa. Is that not correct, Alien Starra?”
“What’s your age, Starra?” Rann sneered.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Dirk said. “Do not tell her your age, Rann! Rather, I should say do not think your age, royal Prince. Starra can read an active mind as well. Starra has magical abilities to heal body parts and move heavy objects and read minds, like an alien.”
“Are you an alien, Starra?” Rann frowned.

I linked, connected, then Tele talked to Dirk: Kill you dead, now!

Rann gasped in shock, after hearing her Tele dump down into Dirk’s mind.
I had forgotten that Rann was an untried, but true Tele. I whispered for my eardrums only, “Stang!”
“Do not deny your magical powers! Answer the king, Alien.” Dirk sneered at Starra.
“Alien!” I slapped my chest and laughed out loud at Dirk.
Rann back stepped and sneered, jabbing a finger at Starra, “Take her away from me now!”
Dirk charged ahead and collided into Starra, sounding with a growl, reaching out and grabbed her naked forearm. He spun them around to face the closed door, quickly tying her two arms with his Tele hold, slowly dragging her across the green tinted carpet. Each posted honor guard opened the door seeing the approaching two heated bodies from inside the throne room, on the outside monitor screen. Dirk led Starra out from the throne room, down a crowded hallway with roaming royal guards, and away from her future husband-prince.
I voluntarily slid beside Dirk feeling sadness and shouted out loud to my loving fiancé with worry, “Rann!” I sighed with deep disappointment.
The third alien timeline was going so well and then I encountered Dirk.
Outside in the bright sunlight, scattered white tinted clouds, and a happy day for the true citizens of the universe, Lord Dirk swiftly exited the castle walls with Starra and lifted his Tele shield holding against her powerful Tele mind probe while expecting a fierce physical fight coming from the Earth alien. He quickly moved ahead to his parked zipper ship that glittered in silver tinted cleanliness against the sunlight rays.
I continued to quickly tap my two sandal soles on top of gray colored hard pavement, keeping a swift pace with his booted heels, feeling calm and sad. I turned and sniffed the sweet perfumed flowers inside the pretty flower garden, admiring the nice manicured lawn grass, heading towards Dirk’s personal zipper ship. There was no other place within this galaxy, including damaged and destroyed asteroid Resort to run or flee or hide from Tele Master Dirk or Prince Rann. I sighed with nothingness.
“You have made a wise decision, Starra.” Dirk continued to move ahead with a smile speaking over her gray-tinted hair roots and halted, opening the passenger door on his zipper ship.
“You call a decision to die wise. I totally disagree with that statement.” I opposed his radical idea and slid down into the new red colored leather co-pilot chair, wearing a sour frown and a sad heart organ.
He released the Tele hold on Starra and leaned down into the chair, blowing a huff of sour breath into her smooth cheekbone. “You are not going to die. You are going back through the wormhole where you belong, not here, alien,” Dirk smiled for a few seconds longer into her cheekbone.
“Starra,” I exhaled with annoyance.
Dirk swiftly stood upright with laughter and adjusted his dragging cloak, reaching down, slamming the door shut. He spun around and quickly strutted ahead behind the single afterburner on his zipper ship towards the pilot chair and then stopped. He opened the door and slid down into the chair, fiddling with the gears. The ship slowly lifted from the hard pavement then tilted upwards toward the pale blue skyline, smoothly blasting off the royal castle landscape, sailing through a series of wet clouds and then into cold, black outer space.
He steered and smiled. “Let me tell you a famous fairy fable! Once upon a time, there was a goody glamorous galaxy. The cuddled caring citizens lived in peace and thrived in the hands of harmony. Then, one day, an equally evil event occurred that changed the course of the goody glamorous galaxy. The appearance of a cold, calculating catalyst which was foretold within the big baddie book. No one believed the fairy tale fable. No one understood the fairy fable, except a handful of trustful, talented Tele warriors, who were destined to protect the goody, glamorous galaxy.
“However, each Tele warrior was older and set in their ancient Tele ways as the humans say,” he chuckled. “They did not understand the consequences of their immobile Tele acts or actions. The cold calculating catalyst life force was somehow allowed to live, and then survived, and finally thrived here within its new environment, its new home, and its new universe.
“You are not the blame for the total change, here, within the universe, Starra. You want to survive, like me. The outcome was a pure miracle that you had survived that deadly space shuttle crash on a dead Planet Bonita that housed old and ancient Tele Mistress Lady Rosa. Rosa, she had been a ferocious Tele warrior with her Tele duties, as the humans say,” he exhaled with annoyance. “Rosa was not at fault here either. She was an old, ancient, and exhausted Tele girl after training a few selected new Tele warriors, but she was also unsuccessful.
“The Tele people were not needed anymore. The Tele people were not viewed as necessary here within the galaxy, except by me. I still feel that the Tele people are needed along with my Tele mentor Lady Rosa. However, Rosa and I did not ever get along. You can understand that statement. You can cheer for my side. Is that not correct, Starra?
“Then, Tele Mistress Lady Rosa tells me in a sting of secret words that she needs to be replaced with a replacement. But you, somehow and someway, become her replacement, not me. Her unwise and unrevealed decision affect every citizen, animal, and monster here within the galaxy, including you. You aren’t supposed to live. You’re supposed to…”
“… die…” I exhaled with worry.
Dirk continued to steer the ship and chuckled with amusement. “You are to exit from here this universe, not die, Starra. You must go back into your home world of Earth. When you had accidentally entered this galaxy, you had purposefully changed everything, Starra. The essence of the universe has yielded to your wizardly wondrous whims. The current universe is your fun playground, where you enjoy playing with your new playmates.
“I didn’t realize during our shared first experience, which I dubbed an altered space time continuum, what exactly you were, which was an alien from Planet Earth. Nor, I had not figured out the effect you possessed over each person, place, and palace here within this galaxy. 
“During a new second timeline, I was still in the dark, as the humans say. But I have figured it out within this newest third timeline. I have had the pleasure of perceiving a new set of visions about you and me. I understand what is happening here within the galaxy, to you and to me. I also can recall all the past, present, and future galaxy events, as well, coming from our shared Tele power encounters and experiences. Each event is played in the particular messy order that duplicates the first timeline; but it occurs at a different interval with the same outcome.” He frowned with a head nod and viewed the pale blue sky with the colorful wormhole that whirled around in a circular pattern which didn’t affect the skyline or the planet below.
“Once dead, always gone!” I softly spoke and stared at the red, blue, and yellow colored circular wormhole.
“You are a quick study, Starra. You are the unpredicted flexible variable within the life equation here in the galaxy, Starra. Your single action causes multiple reactions here inside this galaxy that no other citizen or no Tele person can predict, including me. I cannot forecast any future event and I cannot intervene either. But I can watch, wait, absorb, and learn from each one of your executed Tele and earthling human activities. You affect my Tele powers into awesomeness, too, Starra. We are a pair of equal aliens.” He chuckled.
I continued to sit in the co-pilot chair and pondered my mental thoughts, wearing a stern face, staring in the distance at the tiny wormhole.
I am the catalyst that interrupts the new timeline or the space continuum along with my alien equal, Dirk. Therefore, Dirk changes and grows within his metaphysical strength becoming an evil spirit in physical body and mental mind. I sigh with mystery.
“To end the altered and damaged timeline or space continuum, I am sending you back through the wormhole from whence you came. You will survive and live inside your own galaxy within your Earth timeline, like usual. Then, our timeline will be fully restored back to normal, like you were never here and didn’t shoot out from the wormhole inside the damaged Earth space shuttle. And I will be fully restored back to normal.” He continued to steer and laughed out loud.
I turned and sneered at his nose profile. “You ain’t normal, Dirk!”
“Thank you, alien!” He laughed again.
I whined with worry. “Look, fool! I cannot survive within a heated, hot wormhole inside a tiny metal ship. I tried it the first time and barely survived in there.”
He nodded and steered the zipper ship closer to the wormhole. “You can. You came through the wormhole, unscathed. So, you will be able to enter the wormhole unscathed in the same medical condition, alien.”
I would confirm his medical statement with one of my Tele powers, but I was too emotional, and I could not perform a Tele view with my teleclairvoyance on the upcoming sad event on my person.
Within the pale blue skyline, the stationary wormhole formation displayed a blue, yellow, and red circular ring of constant fire, which was located within the astrosphere slight above Planet Bonita, where no group of oxygen molecules ever existed, and heat elements displayed a positive 3002 degrees of Fahrenheit.
Yeah, my Tele powers told me so!
Inside the zipper ship, Dirk halted the craft and hovered in the air several miles away from the fiery wormhole, slowly jerking out the tail on his tunic, folding the fabric away from his naked body. From the location on his waistline going up towards the lower part of his rib cage, still traveling up towards his collar bone, Dirk displayed numerous ugly, vertical and horizontal wiggling lines which were fossilized into red and black colors of charred human skin. Starra could trace each crooked, brown tinted scar tissue going into various directions around his upper torso coming from numerous operational surgeries that had replaced some of his naturally pink tinted skin tone with an ugly dull gray hue. He had acquired the permanent scars, after entering the wormhole which was comprised sizzling heat, blinding light, severe hurricane winds, and a couple of intense fire storms. I sighed with intense pain.
“Rita and I entered the wormhole inside our carrier ship during the second timeline, with you, and then we were thrown backward back into our galaxy, acquiring all of these ugly, permanent body scars. Thus, we cannot enter the wormhole. So, we stay here. So, you leave here.” He sneered at Starra. “Now, I have modified this zipper ship, which is your new personal mode of transport, to ensure your bodily survival while traveling through the hot and heated wormhole.” He reached down and slowly un-belted his body web netting from his collar bone, shifting around inside the pilot chair, waving an arm in the air, which signaled an approaching carrier ship in the pale sky coming from the Planet Bonita.
I nodded with a stern face at Dirk while seeing the carrier ship from my peripherical vision. “O! I was wondering about the presence of your girlfriend Rita within the new timeline. So, that’s why Rita is not…”
“Yes! Rita and her delicate body skin were affected along with me during the horrible wormhole accident.” Dirk grinned at Starra, “I can sense hesitation in your act.”
I continued to sit in the co-pilot chair and reached up, wiping each rolling heated tear, sniffing up the running clear snot and then whined with sadness. “I don’t wanna leave. I wanna stay. I really like living here, without you, but with Rann, not Rita, and some of the others.”
He exhaled with frustration. “You do not belong here in my galaxy, Starra. I belong here within my galaxy. You killed Ty. Ty was a friend to everyone. When you travel back through the wormhole and land within the Earth time, our galaxy will be restored back to normal, including the brave life of the noble and brave Ty. He was my friend too. Ty was a friend to everyone, including me and you. Do you want him to become dead, foreverly?”
“Once dead, always gone!” I softly spoke with a stern face.
He nodded with a stern face. “That is correct. You are a quick learner. You understand all that is at stack, if you are present here within my galaxy. Each person, that died in the first timeline, will die in the next timeline, without interference coming from me or you. Once you are gone from here, then every person, place, and thing will return back to normal including your earthling life, Starra Starbelt,” Dirk reached over and gently patted her forearm with a nod and a smile.
His working physics theory was intriguing and final too. If I continued to live here somehow, then I would face a dangerous warp jump back to Planet Earth again plus no job employment here on Planet Commerce for me. Plus, Queen or Princess or Lady Rita and her guts hated me. Plus, Prince Rann had rejection my person and my love. Plus, General Ivan greatly disliked my person. Plus, Lord Dirk would try to capture my person again. I sighed with too many plus signs.
Dirk pulled back his hand with a stern face and continued to sit, reaching out, touching each instrument on the console and nodded to Starra. “I have prepped this zipper ship for a gigantic leap from the skyline of Planet Bonita into the fiery wormhole from your co-pilot’s chair and I have equipped the interior with an oxygen mask, a triple force field protection shield, and some food stuffs,” he softly chuckled then nodded with a smile. “You will survive the wormhole trip. I promise. So, I wish you great luck and happy returns, heading back to your home world of Planet Earth, Earthling Starra Starbelt.” He pressed the blue colored button on the console and cuddled his chest with both of his long arms, laughing out loud. His pilot chair wiggled side to side then dropped down through an opening on the floor board, swiftly gliding through a vertical-shaped connection tube of glass, protecting his body inside an enclosed chamber down and landed down inside the hovering carrier ship below the belly of the zippers hip. Rita was in the passenger seat and Pbot piloted the ship.
The zipper ship slightly shook from the exit ramp but did not tumble down from its stationary mode, which was still a few miles away from the fiery stationary wormhole. I continued to sit and stared down at the open hole, where the new red tinted leather pilot chair and Tele Master Lord Dirk used to sit. The open hole quickly slid shut as the cockpit cabin became quiet with only a set of buzzing sounds from an active engine. I sighed with guts.
Inside the cockpit, I continued to sit inside the co-pilot chair and stared into outer space. Pbot steered the escaping carrier ship with Rita and her boyfriend Dirk swiftly away from the stationary zipper and alien Starra, without a good-bye speech or a tongue of laughter coming over my comfone.
“I have no choice, ya’ll. I will go back home to Earth or die here in the unknown galaxy or there inside the wormhole, because I do not like or believe Dirk!” I exhaled with annoyance and looked up at the wind shield, viewing the colorful mouth on the wormhole, reaching out, shoving the joy stick forward. The zipper ship swiftly flew ahead then slammed into a series of invisible heated waves with massive streams of the blue colored hurricane winds almost halting my flight course. The zipper buckled and bounced up and down, jerking sideways while continuing to steer ahead towards the wormhole atmosphere. I yelled out loud with a sour frown. “This is not fun, Dirk! You should’ve installed a set of shocks.”
I performed a T-catch with my telekinesis on the zipper ship structure using my Tele mind, dodging around the circular edge on the fiery wormhole as the machine instruments could not sense or see the inner guts of the fiery wormhole, like a truly talented Tele Mistress.
My mind control on the zipper ship smoothly scooted the ship across numerous blue colored streams of wind shear that resided around the outer shell on the wormhole. Inside the cockpit, on top of leather red tinted console, each metal gear, button, and instrument started to melt in silent metal pain coming from the intense heat waves bombarding the outer skin on the zipper ship. Each metal gear, button, and instrument dropped off tiny pieces of colorful goo down onto the metal floor. I lifted both of my pink tinted pretty fashion sandals in the air and avoided the growing metal puddles of heated mess. Underneath both of my naked hands, I jerked my finger pads from the overheated joy stick as the silver metal started to slide down and greeted the other heated puddles down on the melting metal floor.
I performed a Tele view, using my teleclairvoyance, without seeing the dark, cold outer space region coming from the Milky Way Galaxy, on the other side of the wormhole. But I did see numerous outer rows of thick rings of continuous fire in an array of bold colors including red, green, yellow, purple, gold, blue, and pink fire flames. Circular rows of dark blue colored hurricane winds bombarded my tiny starship, shoving my person inside the outer space ship back into the unknown galaxy, not forward into my own galaxy. I sighed with fear.
I executed a Tele grab with my telekinesis and covered the physical ship with my Tele shield while swiftly steering the wobbling ship through the air current towards the lip entrance on the wormhole as my ship flipped and slipped sideways and upside down flying towards the wormhole mouth.
I performed a Tele slam to the side door then balanced the ship upright flying ahead. The ship flipped to the other side from the massive strong hurricane winds. I did not bother correcting the flight path and still stared at the wormhole entrance, where streams of numerous red heated and blue colored hurricane winds slowly ripped off each exterior metal panel on my zipper, including the cone nose, a right flying wing, and the rooftop.

Yeah, baby, I always wanted a sun roof!

Inside the roofless cockpit, in the heated co-pilot chair, I wiggled an index finger and retrieved the mounted oxygen mask, placing the item over my nose and mouth, breathing more fear into my frozen mind. I sighed with terror.
The forward and rear glass window shield both imploded at the same time coming from the intense heat waves spreading numerous tiny glass fragments through the air, cutting one of my eyeballs, both of my cheekbones, my chest cavity, both of my naked arms, both of my naked hands, slicing through some of my longer hair strands. I wobbled in the chair blooding over the nice new leather feeling my heated blood proteins cover the chair and both of my legs.
Numerous loud warning alarms, piecing whistles, and soprano bells loud sounded from the melting console speakers. Each ringing tone deafened my two eardrums and as my body was slowly burning with the chair inside the burning cockpit. My zipper ship rapidly lost power then followed gravity, diving down in a vertical direction back down through cold, black outer space towards nothingness.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes while feeling intense body pain, within my burning body, coming from the heated rays of the fiery wormhole.
Then I fainted totally into darkness.

Space shuttle crash site location
Unknown universe. Unknown planet. Unknown landscape
Early afternoon time period


Again, I sat numbingly in my assigned seat and blinded purposefully with my two eyelashes closed, not moving, not thinking, and not praying. I felt alive and thankful for my new survival.
I un-belted the two seat restraints and opened my two gray-tined eyelashes, popping off my dirty Tele astronaut space suit helmet, leaping up from the pilot chair. I spun around to face the rear wall and gasped in alarm, viewing half of my pilot chair, but my body was fully intact along with my long, wavy, sweaty gray hair.
I swung back around and viewed a cracked but intact forward windshield, wearing a sour frown, leaning down into the dirty metal console instrument panel and studied the active long-distance geographical radar screen. The radar picture displayed a scene of rough land terrain. I sighed with surprise.
I viewed a tall range of green tinted mountains on my left side and groves light green colored trees, low-lying plant bushes, and other plant foliage on my right side. A dry crooked narrow vehicle path stood in the middle of a dead brown planet.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine. 
I looked up with a stern face and viewed a dirt road through the cracked windshield, spinning around, slowly moving ahead to the self-made archway that exposed the other half of the cockpit. I stopped with a smile and stood on the edge of cockpit floor, looking down with a giggle, performing a Tele leap from the uneven floor and then executed a Tele halt in the air waves, for fun. I executed a slow Tele glide down towards the brown colored ground and performed a Tele landing, slowly standing upright from the dirt, wearing a smile, swinging around to face a new object in the far distance, whispering for my eardrums only, “There is a new structure thirteen miles northeast of my pose.”
I looked up with a smile and scanned a bright yellow sun and a pale blue sky, looking look down at the smooth brown tinted soil, blinking back my wet tears of both happiness and horror. I looked up and stared into the groves of green colored forest as my active mind recalled an impromptu meeting with new people, places, planets, and palaces.
I had, somehow and someway, scientifically traveled back through space and time visiting this galaxy, four times now.
“I’m back, as the alien.” I slowly moved ahead with a smile and shook my gray bangs down into my two silver tinted eyelashes while hearing the thunder, seeing a flash of lightning bolts in the close geographical distance, then I halted, gasping in fear. I performed a Tele speed using my telekinesis over the rough dirt heading for shelter while screaming in annoyance, “No! Don’t rain on me!”
Citizens of the unknown universe:

Ann, Lady of Bonita
Bartholomew, Baron of Agri
Bea, Countess of Ice
Dee, Marquise of Resort
Dirk, Lord of Bonita
Dov, Count of Ice
Ivan, General of Militia
Ito, Priest of Bio
Ivy, Baronetess of Agri
Jo, Governess of Uni
Jon, Governor of Uni
Kona, Major of Militia
Lad, Viscount of Tech
Las, Priestess of Bio
Mar, Generalette of Militia
Rann, Prince of Sahara
Rex, King of Commerce
Rita, Queen of Commerce
Rosa, Lady of Bonita
Roy, Marquis of Resort
Tok, Marquis of Resort
Ty, Administrator of Sahara
Viv, Princess of Sahara
Zak, Baronet of Agri



Planets of the unknown universe:

Agri, planet of food and livestock or Food World
Bio, planet of medical facilities
Bonita, planet of land
Commerce, planet of Royal family and the Game
Ice, planet of snow and ice
Militia, space station of honor guards, pilots, police
Resort, planet of casinos and entertainment center
Sahara, planet of prisoners or Prison Planet
Tech, planet of technology or Tech World
Uni, planet of school
Wall, divider between the two solar suns
Bots of the unknown universe:


Abot, agricultural robot
Bbot, biological robot
Cbot, conqueror robot
Dbot, door robot
Ebot, evacuation robot
Fbot, football robot
Gbot, guard robot
Hbot, housekeeping robot
Ibot, inn robot
Jbot, jury robot
Kbot, kitchen robot
Lbot, lady robot
Mbot, messenger robot
Nbot, news robot
Obot, orchestra robot
Pbot, pilot robot
Qbot, etiquette robot
Rbot, repair robot
Sbot, service robot
Tbot, testing robot
Ubot, “U better not run” robot
Vbot, love robot
Xbot, excavation robot
Ybot, yard robot
Zbot, zipper robot

Present alien new day, same place, same space, but different time continues…


Alien Day 99


Ancient warehouse location
Dark blue sky, black clouds,100% precipitation of rain at 67ºF


I continued to perform my Tele run at twenty miles-per-hour on top of wet mud, in the cold rain storm, coming from the exploded space shuttle. Yeah, I had slapped the self-destruct button, before racing away from the upcoming destruction. I had to destroy and hide the earthling evidence from all the aliens.

Wait! I’m the alien here.

I dashed ahead all wet and annoyed, racing onto the damaged front porch as the soggy wooden floor gave way to the heavy object, which was my body. I wobbled sideways on my two booted feet breaking through the rotten wooden planks, drowning down into the mud puddle below the porch.
I stood in mud and looked up at a rotten moldy entrance door, tossing the coat of wet rain drops from my tired body, feeling the chill in the cold air waves and deeply desired a hot beverage and a hotter bath. I performed a Tele lift from the wet mud and heard the funny glump-glump sound, executing an air-walk through the waves towards the warped door, reaching out and touched the rusty metal door knob. I sighed with daydreaming.
I am an earthling, who is named Starra Starbelt, measuring five feet and one inch in height, weighing 95 pounds and one ounce and displayed a head of long waist length silver hair against a triangular-shaped face with a pair of small eye sockets and a pair of gray-tinted eyeballs. I possess a pointy nose and two high cheekbones around a cliff-shaped chin bone, which is surrounded with golden tawny skin tissue and decorated with numerous brown colored freckles. I am seventeen years old and a farm administrator from Planet Earth.
I had been drafted, by force, by Tele leader Peter Martin into the once in a life-time intergalactic outer space trip finding a new planet, within a new galaxy, using my awesome set of Tele powers, consisting telepathy, telekinesis, telemetabolics, and teleclairvoyance.

And I, now, have survived alone.

I continued to stand in front of the moldy entrance door and blinked both of my gray-tinted eyelashes back into the new reality, shaking the bangs from my two eyeballs, sneering with annoyance. I lifted my boot heel in the air and slammed it into the middle space on the rotten white colored entrance door as the door creaked like a haunted house then nicely fell backward away from my air-borne and upright petite body while the door died laying down in a white path of dust bunnies and killed them dead. I sighed with awesomeness.
I moved ahead and performed an air-walk maneuver through the open archway, into an empty room, dancing around of some live moving white dust bunnies in the air. I viewed a dirty kitchen then a disgusting bathroom with no additional sitting furniture, no protective weapons to defend my person, and no sight of alien space craft. I sighed with entrapment.
I performed a Tele view with my teleclairvoyance of future seeing and examined a T-shaped metal power switch inside a rusty red metal box next to the disgusting smelly bathroom, stomping ahead, imprinting the dirty floor with individual mud-stained foot prints towards a metal box on the side wall and then stopped. I reached out and slammed the box lid open with my palm grounding my body on the broken tiles of the floor in more mud, holding each one of my precious Tele powers down inside the earth plane for my upcoming awesome electricity power show.
I closed my two gray eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I jerked the light switch up inside the enclosed box seeing nothing. There was not a working lamp on the ceiling or a running stream of fresh water inside a single lavatory along with no warm heated air circulating buzzing around my cold tired body. I cursed, “Stang!”
I turned and stared through a row of dirty glass windows that exhibited a series of midnight black and purple-bluish colored storm clouds with giant rain drops, a choir of harmonious loud thunder, and numerous yellow colored lightning bolts echoing above the dark green forests, the colorful wildflower, the light green pasture fields, and one single beige building. I felt the cold and dampness air waves around my wet and chilled body. I sighed with summertime. I quickly heard a new sound, not related to the natural storm clouds, performing a T-sight with my teleclairvoyance: an approaching space craft.
Some person must have stolen it from here or lived here as the starship illuminated the darkness inside this building with a row of bright head lights coming from numerous flying starships through the glass windows without the row of decorative treatment covers.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I sidestepped from the electricity box and raced ahead, moving down an empty hallway, driving my boot toes in the direction of the Bot and Ship Maintenance Shop as I knew the location from the last alien timeline along with my teleclairvoyance future talent, running through the dark environment.
I veered to an open door and dashed ahead in a total black tinted room, slamming both of my kneecaps into the protruding steel bumper on the stationary zipper ship, standing in place and moaned out loud with annoyance, “Great job, Starra!” I swiftly scooted around the front bumper and reached out to the closed door, popping the pilot hatch door, sliding down into the torn leather seat and closed the door shut. I performed a T-slap with my telekinesis jerking off the hidden rooftop panel into the air and then executed a T-jerk on the quiet, grounded zipper ship, lifting the dead machine up from the floor, sailing vertically in the air currents as each rusty metal gear pained within my eardrum with a piccolo musical song.
“When was the last time someone piloted this ship?” I performed a T-halt over the rooftop then a T-soar through the night sky air waves, without the live engine, swiftly flying away from the warehouse building. I sighed with relief.
A single red colored maser ray appeared behind the rear bumper on my ship and missed the afterburner coming from a lousy shot by an incompetent Militia soldier.
I laughed out loud. “Tough luck, Ivan!” I reached over and pressed the button, feeling the roar of a supersonic engine underneath my fanny, wiggling my ear wax loose from both of my eardrums. I glided the joy stick forward and shot vertically up into the cold atmosphere, missing a row of police spaceships. I jerked the nose cone upward and smoothly tilted the joy stick forward again, jumping up into cold, black outer space as a series of green and red maser fire ray re-decorated the paint job on my silver tinted zipper, missing my person and the row of glass windows. I sighed with too close.
Inside the pilot chair, I reached out and activated the weapons in my zipper, hearing the two maser guns drop below the belly of the machine. I sighed with real fear.
A single green colored maser ray from a police outer space starship hit the afterburner on my ship and started a fire inside my ship’s engine and as a series of loud alarms blasted inside my two eardrums. “Stang!” I sighed with un-happiness.
The engine exploded with a loud boom and as my zipper ship stalled then stopped flying within cold, black outer space, rapidly falling by that annoying gravity concept, trailing a stream of black tinted smoke which also identified my fanny, heading down toward ground zero on Planet Commerce.
I released the joy stick and grabbed the door handle with one hand and my stomach with the other hand. The ship rolled then yawned back and forth within the skyline. I grabbed my nose and my mouth with a third hand, invisible Tele hand while keeping the bile vomit at bay inside my tight throat. I sighed with sea sickness.


Planet Commerce
15th hour (early evening)
Dark black sky with black storm clouds and cold wind at 43ºF


The ship and I quickly descended through the outer space atmosphere towards the wet dirt on Planet commerce. I performed a T-grab with my telekinesis and used a T-guide on the zipper, safely sliding over a series of mud puddles and halted in a clearing between two groves of tall pine trees. Thunder loudly cracked within a black sky here on Planet Commerce. I sighed with stillness.
I leaned over and performed a Tele slam with my hand, opening the door, sliding off the seat. I stood upright in the shallow mud puddle and shook around all my movable body parts, laughing with my weird solo dance, “Everything works.” I halted my silly body dance with a smile and surveyed the new landscape with worry, seeing thick groves of dark woodlands and a darker blue sky. A light rain shower soaked more water drops down into my hair roots, my face of freckles, my exposed body parts, and my tore black colored jumpsuit from my Tele training on Planet Earth. I cuddled my body with two folded arms for warmth and shivered with a steady pattern, slowly stomping ahead through each mud puddle in the light rain, stopping inside a clearing of woodlands beside a paved roadway.
“I didn’t know the planet had other street roads here on Commerce. Am I located on the right world?” I examined a flat, well-paved highway and looked to the right and then turned my face to the left, seeing an empty well-paved highway. “Stang, Starra! Time to walk, not talk!”
I turned to face the northern direction, where the center of the lighted city was location, slowly hiking over the hard pavement in the light rain for four minutes and then stopped beside deep ditch underneath a row or tree branches while pondering my delicate situation. I did not possess food items, golden currs, or a moving transport as the light rain poured down from the skyline on top of my body, “Stang! Mother Nature doesn’t like me, today, either.”
I ignored each wet droplet, the intense cold wind, and the unkind wetness that pounded my wet curls and two wet boots underneath a soggy tree limb while thinking of Dirk in both disgust and delight.
Let me explain here!

Dirk was a predicted fixed variable…naw…villain from my demon story. So, I needed to locate his buttonhole and toss him down onto the hard pavement, bleeding his cracked skull, twisting his arm and then demand a psychic…naw…physics explanation of the current universe.


I mentally flashed back past, within the third alien timeline, when Lord Dirk had steered a modified zipper ship to the stationary wormhole with me, he tattled his secrets also.

He had recognized my person from each one of newly created timelines, which had been three, so far.


Then, I mentally flashed back present, into the fourth alien timeline, I must befriend Dirk and get my range of un-friendly answers, my way, this time. Maybe, I could arrange and get some help from Prince Rann, the love of my life. Rann had always been there for me. I sighed with true love.
My active brain switched mental gears. Dirk would find me first. I sighed with contact.
The rain stopped. I continued to stand and shook my body flicking off the exceed raindrops from my soggy clothes, scanning an empty roadway with worry, standing within the dark woods alone.
Planet Commerce housed groves of green colored forests and brown shade trees of woodlands along with some well-hidden and hungry wildlife. I only visited the luxurious warm castles and attended each royal ball with the only one gentleman in the universe, Rann. I sighed with true love.
On top of the wet pavement, I dragged one wet boot sole after another straight ahead and slowly strolled over the wet hard pavement seeing in the far distance an assortment of faint colorful lights from an illuminated city reflecting off the dark sky. I did not remember a weather pattern of dark clouds and constant rainfall on Planet Commerce from any of the three previous alien timelines either.
I trotted ahead for two minutes or 80 seconds on Earth time or 100 seconds on Commerce time and then stopped beside a short fruit bush. Hungry had invaded my mind which had relied the information down into my growling stomach. I reached over and attacked the poor innocent bush, cramming the berries onto my tongue, chewing the tart juice. I swallowed the great meal as my tummy rumbled for more food and feel thirsty.
I stood in place and dropped my bone skull backward, opening my parted lips, like an animal or like Dirk. An array of falling raindrops from each tree leaf landed, sometimes, on top of my exposed pink tongue, sliding down my esophagus, and finally down into my empty stomach. I sighed with barbarianism.
“Starra!” An invisible body shouted out loud with a baritone timber.
On top of the wet pavement, I stood upright underneath the tree branch with a loud cough and slowly twisted my face with a gasp, viewing a dashing and dangerous Rann. I blinked both of my wet and gray-tinted eyelashes closed and then open, still seeing a dashing and dangerous Rann.
He stood on top of the same wet pavement in front of a grounded airship, possessing a head of curly black hair, a pair of almond-sized brown eyes, a tone of golden tanned skin, measuring five feet and ten inches tall, weighing 195 pounds. His set of muscles covered both his naked chest and two naked arms. He wore a sleeveless and shirtless, open white colored vest, a matching pair of trousers that were neatly tucked down into a pair of dirty black colored knee boots. I sighed with true love.
I quickly whirled into a circle of delight and stopped, clapping with happiness, dashing ahead with a giggle, leaping up from the wet pavement in the air. I landed and hugged his wet, naked chest, splashing wetness over Rann, his clothes, his boots, and his big biceps. I sighed with true love.
Rann continued to stand on top of the pavement and chuckled out loud, wrapping both of his naked arms around her folded body, warming her shivers. I sighed with true love.
“That beast smells!” An invisible body shouted out with a sneer and as Rita appeared and stood beside Rann, staring at Starra, wearing a purple colored ankle-length gown with a matching tiara on top of her blonde hair roots. Rita reached out and touched his collar bone, staring at Starra.
He flexed his biceps and released Starra. She dropped down onto the wet pavement and back stepped from Rann and Rita, shaking the cold air. I sighed with frostiness.
“Princess Rita!” A tall, pale skinned young female appeared and stood slightly behind the back spine on Rita, holding an umbrella over Rita’s tiara. I sighed with confusion.
“No, not yet!” Rann smiled at Starra, “Are you injured or lost, Starra?”
“It smells!” Rita slid closer and hugged the rib cage on Rann, staring at Starra.
He exhaled with annoyance. “Rita, my future wife, I want you to understand that we have a universal duty to aid each sick or lost citizen. We are responsible for every citizen here in the universe.”
I continued to stand alone and cold while gasping in alarm. I sighed with no marriage.
“It still smells!” Rita softly giggled at Starra.
“Lost!” I coughed out loud and stared at Rann.
“Well, I can’t have any of my subjects lost. So, you can stay with me at my royal castle, until you get found,” Rann smiled. “How does that sound, Starra?” He turned and nodded to Rita. “Take the second airship!” He scanned Rita’s long gown that covered her collar bone down to her twin ankle bones nodding with a stern face. “I don’t want your gown soiled from the rain storm and mud puddles.”
A second airship was parked beside the first one out of sight.
Rita continued to stare at Starra and jerked the wet hemline on her long gown in the air, swinging around, strolling to the second ship with a sour frown.
On top of the pavement, Rann viewed Starra and reached out, grabbing her wet hand, dragging her to the first airship and said into her nose profile with a smile. “Starra, that’s a very beautiful name. Have we met before? Did we meet at the royal lawn picnic last week? Is that why I can recall your name? Is that correct? I can’t remember your native planet. Who is your native noble? I can’t remember that either.”
I cuddled into his wet chest and smiled without a work. I sighed with true love.
Alien Day 100


Second floor level
6th hour (early morning)
Servant quarter setting
Dark sky and black clouds and rain with thunder at 60ºF


I blinked open my two gray-tinted eyelashes and stared at the array of tumbling pretty rain drops that streaked one of the glass windows inside Rann’s castle while I continued to rest from a night’s sleep inside a warm and cozy bed of purple colored satin sheets, a matching bed comforter, and a matching pillow case. I sighed with perfection.
“Up, girl!” An invisible body shouted out loud with a rude tone and as the body leaned down into the eardrum on Starra.
Inside my warm bed blankets, I continued to rest and swiftly flipped a sour face into a tongue of sour breath on a queen-sized tall female with two front teeth missing.
She sneered at Starra. “Your beauty sleep is done for the day, sweetie. It’s time for work, girlfriend.” I sighed with annoyance.
She reached down and jerked the purple colored bed comforter off from Starra, waving her hand near her sneer.
I slowly stood upright from the bed mattress and wore a pink colored ankle-length flannel nightgown, rubbing the crude of yellow sleepy crumbs and wet eye matter from each eye socket.
The new work supervisor reached out and grabbed the naked arm on Starra, swinging her body in a completed circle, growling back into Starra’s face, “You are too skinny.” She slid down her hand and pinched the flesh on Starra’s forearm. “You possess no muscles. Can you walk a straight line without stumbling over your big feet, sweetie?”
I continued to stand in front of the rude female and scooted around her tallness, walking straight ahead from my bed mattress to the far wall of windows, staring out at the rain drops. I swung around with a smile and slowly strolled back to her, stopping beside her body.
She nodded with a smile. “Good! You are a waitress.” She scooted around the bed and waddled ahead to the open archway, pointing at a dressing room beside the doorway with her order. “A closet of fresh and cleaned waitress uniforms neatly hung inside the dressing room over there by the wall. Find one and wear it!” She exited the room. I sighed with depression.
My job assignment was a serving waitress, who waited on numerous food tables in the Bar section which was located inside Rann’s royal castle. Waitressing was a respectful living, but I worried about my uniform. I was dressed in the short, shorter, shortest little dress within the universe, since the seamstress had used up all the golden fabric on Princess Rita.
I looked like a golden ballerina with a golden sleeveless shirt and a matching fluffy tutu without a set of panty tights and leotards underneath a short, ruffled skirt with a pair of four inches of sparkling golden glitter shoes. I sighed with shame.
On the first level floor, I exited the pretty room and followed the other slave…naw…servant girls down a long dark hallway, turning to the side wall, entering a large humid kitchen setting and then halted by the side wall.
Rows of black tinted metal stoves continued to burn piles of green wooden kindle while creating small plumes of tiny stacks of black smoke, popping out tiny red tinted sparks underneath each black colored cooking pot and pan for the morning breakfast workers or feeding the hungry on Commerce.
I stopped and stood in line of females beside a hot fire, holding an empty bowl like a peasant and waited for my hot oatmeal like a slave coming from one of the cooking pans.
A red and yellow roaring fire inside the fireplace heated the large room, the food, the numerous cooks, and each female servant. I sighed with hotness.
I eye burned the clean window and watched the rain flood the streets, ditches, house yards, and tile roofs. I did not remember a weather element appearing so nasty with cold, wet, cloudy, windy, dull, and sunless skies over Planet Commerce.
“The rainy season, sometimes, it rains every day for three months,” one of the older servants stood behind the buttonhole on Starra and stared out the same glass window at pouring rain.
I leaned my body towards the hot fire inside the fireplace while warming my body from the continuous cold rain and breezy wind flowing underneath my tutu dress as the fiery heat sort of sizzled both of my naked legs into a heated pink hue. I quickly twisted around and sizzled the fire heat on both my two naked kneecaps into pink hue and then repeated my newfound procedure of warming my cold legs. I sighed with warmth.
Inside the archway, tall, slender, and sexy Princess Rita appeared with a sour frown and wore a long pale blue gown, displaying a tall bun of blonde hair and a pair of blue eyes. She scrapped the fabric dress train over the dirty, wet floor and shouted out loud like a queen. “Where’s my tea? I want my cup of hot tea right now! What is my cup of hot tea?”
I back peddled from Rita and stood closer against the brick fireplace getting away from her two waving arms and her flinging dress train.
“Tea!” Rita slowly moved ahead and screamed out loud.
Rann appeared in a new ankle-length yellow tinted fancy gown and stood inside the archway, studying the commotion and spotted at Starra, “Starra.”
I sidestepped away from Rita as my golden dress bushed against the heated hearth, feeling intense heat on my buttonhole.
Rann gasped in alarm and dashed ahead, snatching of the red shawl from the collar bone on Rita, leaping to Starra. He dropped down on top of the wet floor and wrapped the heavy shawl around the edge on her burning tutu skirt, patting her two naked kneecaps going all the way up towards her buttonhole, wearing a wicked smile. Starra stood with shock and worry, since her skirt wore pretty flames of fire and heat. I sighed with true love.
Rita slid backwards with a huff of annoyance and stood over the black tinted hair roots on Rann with a sneer and near the fireplace, gathering her dress train with one hand, tossing the edge down on the floor which accidentally fell into the hot flames of the hearth fire. Poof!
“Fire!” A brave soul shouted out loud and ran out from the kitchen, leaving Starra to watch entertainingly Rita burn literally.
Rita screamed out loud and dashed around small space in kitchen, increasing the fire flames. A fire ball was not a fun object to play with, since a ball of fire was very dangerous for her.
Rann leaped up from his squatting position and stood upright, hugging Starra, dropping then down, rolling over the floor away from Rita’s dancing pathway. He protected Starra with his two strong arms and his naked chest. I sighed with true love.
Rann kicked out his boot heel hitting a bucket of water from the tall utility shelf, watching it land on Rita’s dress train while the weak utility shelf swayed forward then backwards slamming down into the rear wall. The rear wall detached and launched at Rita, who examined her burning dress train. A total of cold icy buckets of fifteen waterfalls poured down over poor Rita, dripping down her long hair roots, neck, her back muscles, and her waistline then she gathered up and folded her damaged ugly dress. The fiery flames were extinguished on her dress and water flooded the room while Rita was wet as I giggled with delight inside Rann’s arms down on the dry floor.
Rita gasped in alarm and waved both of her arms in the air, shouting out loud with annoyance. “My dress is ruined.” She exited the kitchen with a sour frown while yelling out loud with a string of beauty curse words at the internal walls.
Rann and I continued to rest on top of the dry floor, wrapped in each other arms, enjoying the tight embrace as I giggled and whipped my chin down into my chest blushing with embarrassment. I sighed with shyness.
Rann twisted from Starra and slowly stood upright from the floor first, leaning down, assisting Starra to stand next, cuddling her body, saying with a smile. “That was a most exhausting maneuver, saving your…” He cocked his chin and chuckled, leaning down, whispering into her face “…asset…” He smiled. “Your fluffy dress is your asset. I like your fluffy dress. It’s cute!” He smiled and spun them around, exiting the damaged kitchen without a fire or servant. They moved down the busy hallway together. He leaned into her cheekbone and smiled. “What planet do you hail from, Starra?”
I continued to smile and softly giggle without speaking a word. I sighed with true love.

On the 10th hour, the lunchtime meal, on the first level floor inside the kitchen setting, after completing my waitress duties for the morning, I stood in a new female girly line for my lunch meal, holding an empty bowl that would be filled with beige colored hot oatmeal. Rann was not present in the kitchen this afternoon and attended a noble meeting to discuss some kingly business as told by my telepathy.
However, Rita appeared and parked her upright tall, slender female body inside the kitchen archway, surveying each servant with a smile. “Can any girl here pilot a starship?” I sighed with shock.
I spun around and gasped in shock, staring at Rita. This was my chance, my moment of royal glory to get out of the waitressing business. I swung back around and leaned over, glancing down the line of young and old females, seeing no body moves. No servant was moving or speaking or breathing.
Hmm! Is that a bad sign here?
“No!” I whispered for my eardrums only and stood upright, spinning back around with a smile, slapping my chest first and waved one hand at Rita, “I can. I can do it. Pick me!”
“Follow me!” Rita back stepped on her dress train with a sneer then stepped forward with a growl back into the open archway, sliding sideways, jerking the long dress hemline in the air, hearing a lovely rip on the delicate fabric. She spun around with a sour frown facing an empty hallway and slowly strolled ahead down an empty hallway.
I dashed out the doorway leaving the other slaves…naw…servants and the kitchen setting, racing behind the back spine on Princess Rita, without a sharp hunting knife. I sighed with jealousy.

On the 11th hour, on the fourth level floor inside the entertainment room, where outside black colored clouds and rain with loud thunder booms and bolts of yellow lighting danced in the skyline, on the exterior patio floor, a new carrier ship posed for some awesomely outer space flying in good weather. I sighed with confusion.
I entered the entertainment room and strolled ahead towards the open patio door, where the floor, the curtains, the side walls were getting wet from the continuous rainfall. I stopped before the wet patio terrace and drooled at the new ship, reaching out in the rain drops, pressing my five dirty finger tips on the clean window. The interior cockpit was illuminated with light displaying the new silver paint, two captain chairs, and a console of slick steel gears and buttons. A carrier ship fit two people in the front and five pieces of luggage in the rear. I smiled with eagerness and spun around, seeing Rita. Rita wore a wicked grin at Starra. I sighed with nervousness.
I shrugged off her evil sign and spun around, reaching out through the sheet of falling raindrops again, opening the pilot door, standing upright and pointed my wet hand inside the cockpit with a smile. “You should sit here in the pilot seat and place your legs in-between the hard-feeling, vertical-shaped gliding joystick like a…” I giggled. “I will sit beside you in the co-pilot chair, in case, you need a little assistance from the co-pilot.”
Rita flung the hemline on her gown in the air and over her collar bone like a professional, slowly moving ahead with a smile in the rain, becoming slightly wet and slid down into the pilot chair.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I whispered for my eardrums, “I know that.” I slammed the pilot’s door shut on the ship and dashed around the rear bumper on the carrier, opening the door, sliding down into the passenger seat. I ignored my Tele powers as I wanted a new job, where I gave out a set of nasty orders, like a queen, too. I wiggled inside the new chair getting the leather wet and pointed with a smile at each instrument. “I will instruct you step-by-step during your air flight. First, take hold of the hard-feeling, vertical-shaped, gliding joystick like a….”
Rita obeyed. I smiled. “Press the ignition switch.” The two afterburners ignited with plummets of smoke and fire roaring into life as each pair of human nostrils smelled the heated exhaust. I nodded, “Release the joystick.” The carrier ship slowly floated vertically up from the flat concrete purple colored platform terrace.
Rita started to touch the joystick. I reached over and placed my palm over the tip on the joystick with a stern tone. “No! Do not touch the joystick. Let the ship rise up from the hard surface and lift upwards another twenty feet from the stationary building structure for your safety and my sanity,” I laughed, without Rita. The carrier ship slowly cleared the balcony surface, then the building, and finally floated in the safety among the invisible air waves consisting of rough winds, sheets of raindrops, loud booming thunder roll, and streaks of yellow tinted lightning bolts that raced across the black mean storm clouds.
 “Touch the stick and push it forward!” I ordered. Rita obeyed and as her carrier ship smoothly steered ahead in a pacing speed. I continued to sit and softly clapped with delight.  “Now, you are a true outers space pilot, Princess.” This was Rita’s first time flying a space craft, without using my telepathy for the new information. I sighed with death.
“The Wall!” Rita lifted her driving hand from the joy stick as the carrier ship swiftly descended into the cold, black outer space waves.
I gasped in alarm and looked down at the rotating joy stick, frowning, “Continue to steer the ship, Rita! What about the Wall?” I looked up and stared into the invisible waves among cold, black outer space, viewing for any sign of starship trouble.
“I wanna fly to the Wall.” Rita fingered with her free hand at the wet windshield and pointed towards the Wall on the opposite side of the first enclosed solar system.
“Do you really wanna fly to the Wall? Do you know how far the Wall is from here on Planet Commerce? That’s a long way from here, baby!” I laughed out loud.
“I order you, fly me to the Wall.” Rita turned and growled at the nose profile on Starra.
Well, Rita was growling the wrong musical tone. She should be humming the musical Earth song, Fly Me to the Moon, because we will end up there, if I can’t control her or her starship. I sighed with duty. The Wall is in the middle of the universe inside cold black outer space with minus 1000ºF temperatures.
Inside the co-pilot chair, on a running carrier ship, I continued to sit and performed a T-grab with my telekinesis, executing a T-hold on the moving carrier ship while swiftly guiding both of us in a steady pace and a safer outer space flight path towards the Wall. I desired to live for another day while flirting with Rann, later tomorrow afternoon, at the dinner meal and without Rita. He seemed to notice and like my person within the new fourth alien timeline. I sighed with true love.
Rita could not fly or pilot a spaceship. I did not trust her and did not like her and wanted this flying lesson to end, right here and right now. Then Rita could practice her new flying skills with one of her many royal body guards on the next trip to the Wall. I wondered where in the universe was the location of Dirk or Dirk’s body.
The carrier ship quickly passed each stationary planet during the light speed travel time, moving by the Space Station Militia and finally halted within the cold, black air waves of outer space. I performed another a T-hold with my mighty telekinesis and parked the carrier ship thousands of feet from the massive and solid rock-coated Wall. I pointed at the Wall with a smile. “You did it, Rita. You have successfully flown to the Wall. Now…”
“I want to fly through the Wall and exit on the other side inside the other solar sun system, like all of the other talented outer space pilots.”
I gasped in shock and turned staring at her nose profile, nodding my head several times. “What! Do you really wanna fly me and this ship through the Wall?”
“Now!” She smiled at the solid Wall.
I looked down and pretended to view the interior machine radar screen while I performed a T-probe with my telepathy on the solid rock wall looking for a peek of faint yellowish colored light. I found one and exhaled with frustration. If Rita wanted a thrill ride through a rock wall, then Rita would get a scary ride through a rock wall using my set of awesome Tele power assistance. I pointed down at the radar screen with an evil grin. “O! This is your lucky day, Rita. I have found a hole,” I softly sniggered with my upcoming surprise.
She gasped in alarm and looked down, searching the radar screen, not seeing any type of hole. “What! Where? Where is the hole? I don’t see…”
“… a hole …” I leaned over with a laugh and reached out, shoving the joy stick between her legs forward, executing a T-grab with my telekinesis on the zipper ship. I performed a T-shove through the cold, black outer space waves hitting the front of the Wall, slamming into the tiny hole. I slapped each side inside the rock wall and as the carrier ship wiggled then wobbled scraping the new paint job. The interior light inside the cockpit blinked off and then on creating a semi-dark scary atmosphere of haunted eerie lights from the console panel, shining on each one of our faces. I executed a T-push swiftly shoving the non-working carrier ship towards a new large opening on the opposite side of the Wall, compliments of my Tele power.
Then, the ship emerged out from the enclosed gray tinted rock tunnel, swiftly flew ahead back into cold, black normal outer space waves and then halted with a slight impact while hovering in space.

Wow! I am good. However, I am a slave girl here and she is a princess doll.

Inside the co-pilot chair, I turned to see Rita with a smile then gasped in alarm, “Stang!”
Rita, the future wife of Prince Rann, was slumped down with her big breasts touching the joystick and the console panel, looking unconscious with a bloody cut on her exposed cheekbone. I sighed with mystery.
I executed a T-grab on her slumped body and gently performed a T-lift, sitting Rita upright into the pilot chair as she slumped sideways toward the glass window. I conducted a T-capture on the joystick with my telekinesis and performed a T-slap on the forward gear. The ship flew ahead toward Space Station Uni racing faster than regular light speed within outer space. I reached out with my hand and press the red colored button, shouting out loud into the comfone, “May day! Emergency here! Rita has fainted inside her ship. Hey day! Rita needs help here. I am flying to Uni, so you can help Rita.” I sighed with frustration.
Silver tinted, circular piece of man-made artificial moon structure, Space Station Uni, which was the castle property of Marquise Tok, stood alone among cold, black outer space waves with minus 1000ºF temperatures. I landed the carrier ship with my telekinesis as Rita and her body blocked the steering console on the ship. The enclosed hanger bay presented a line of six black tinted cylinder shaped Bbots, eight human royal guards with an individual maser, and two tall silver tinted cylinder shaped Gbots standing in the middle of the hanger bay, watching the ship, waiting for Rita. I sighed with intrigue.
A horse-like face with a pointy nose and matching chin, a pair of bird-like green tinted eye sockets, a long forehead, a head of red tinted hair, and a tone of pink tinted skin described Lord Dirk. He wore a red colored body tunic, a pair of matching trousers that were tucked down into a pair of brown colored knee boots. His long red tinted cloak flew up and away from his two collar bones drifting within the light breeze inside the hanger. I sighed with danger.
I performed a T-fly and entered the open hatchway leading the ship into the hanger bay. The slightly pink tinted force field appeared behind the rear bumper on the carrier ship then shut up the hanger bay doors releasing out numerous oxygen molecules for the group of biological citizens. I slowed the speed on the ship and halted in the air waves, gently landing the ship on top of a smooth surface, pressing a series of button. The engine died. Each side door lifted upward and exposed a row of interior seats that contained only Starra and Rita. Rita continued to sleep, not dead, inside her pilot chair.

Yeah, I have checked with my Tele powers, ya’ll.

I slid off my chair and stood in place watching the busy action, wearing a stern face.
Each Bbot floated ahead then stopped beside the open door, staring at an unconscious Rita, reaching out with two metal limbs, grabbing and lifted her unconscious body from the chair onto a yellow tinted single hovering medical stretcher. The huddle of Bbots and Rita slowly lifted from the floor surface and swiftly floated away from the damaged carrier ship, Dirk, and Starra, exiting the hanger bay, moving down an interior wall of silver tint to the Medical Ward.
Inside the enclosed hanger bay, Lord Dirk in deep red hue continued to stand in the middle of the room and did not move, but shouted out loud, jabbing a finger at Starra. “Seize her!”
“Me!” I slapped my chest and yelled out loud in fear and annoyance, watching a pair of flying Gbots. Dirk still did not move and watched the action, wearing a slight grin of happiness.
The lead Gbot machine flew ahead from its row of metal buddies, tossing both of its metal limbs in the air while droning out loud into each pair of mechanical and biological eardrums, “Servant, you are under arrest for the kidnapping of Princess Rita, the future wife of Prince Rann and the future ruler of the universe.” Every human face and face plate turned and stared at Starra.
I continued to stand beside the open ship and sneered at my number one enemy, closing my lips, inhaling a breath for an upcoming string of curse words at Dirk. The row of eight honor guards dashed ahead and surrounded Starra holding a maser barrel at one of her body parts. The two Gbot stopped and floated before Starra, slowly dropping down, staring at the prisoner.
Behind the protection lines of guards and Gbots, Dirk continued to stand with a slight grin and waved one hand near his sneer, “Quiet, servant! You have no privileges or rights here within this universe, Convict. You are being arrested, contained, and tried for the kidnapping of the princess of the universe.” I sighed with shock.
I lifted my hand and pointed at the slightly external damaged but operational carrier ship with a sour frown and a matching tone. “I did not kidnap the princess, dopey. I was giving future princess Rita a flight lesson inside her carrier ship, ya stupid a…”
“Ask me if I care, Convict. I do not care about you, Convict. Take the convict to the jail cell right now!” Dirk pointed to the ceiling and smirked at Starra, dropping down his hand over his black colored heart with a soft snigger at the new situation maintaining his number one enemy of the universe status with Starra and some of the nobles.
One of the human guards reached out and grabbed the naked arm on Starra, stuffing a white rag inside her open lips, wrapping a pair of metal cuffs around her two wrist bones. The other guard reached out and touched her collar bone, shoving Starra to a second carrier ship on the opposite side of the hanger bay. I sighed with roughness.
Gbot slowly floated backwards as Starra and her new prison guards escorted her ahead to the second ship.
I stopped and slid down into the rear seat, wearing a mouth rag, rattling the handcuffs for fun.
Each guard slid down into an empty seat and surrounded Starra or sat in the front bench. The guard pilot started the machine as the engine roared with high power. The carrier ship blasted off from Space Station Uni and rapidly dropped down through the outer space waves as each guard laughed with humor within the web netting.
I continued to sit in the rear seat without a web netting and as my body wobbled sideways in-between two guards. The bitter bile slowly floated up my stomach lining trying to adventure up my tight throat and then onto my tongue. I swiftly executed a T-stop and held the bitter bile down inside my stomach lining, without vomiting up puke green food particles over my dirty body and the clean floor mats.
O boys and girls! The carrier ship pilot enjoyed a rough space ride trying to scare, frighten or kill the convict female. I sighed with toughness.
I gurgled with a muffed laugh into the clean but thick cloth rag with my evil thoughts. These guards should ride with Princess Rita. Now, that was a scary ride. I sighed with humor.
I could not talk but hummed a sweet melody within the mouth rag while the ship flew in the wrong direction away from the Prison Planet. I sighed with confusion.


Planet Commerce
12th hour (mid-afternoon)
Castle property of Prince Rann
Dark blue sky, black clouds with rain and thunder at 65ºF


The carrier ship arrived on Planet Commerce and landed on top of the second tier at the royal castle in the pouring rain with bright flashes of bright lightning bolts with a smooth jolt, without an overhang.
The guards exited the ship and drag Starra out from the rear bench, walking a few feet in the rain while all of them became wet and angry. They slowly moved into the interior hallway on the second floor, getting the walls and floor wet with a batch of flinging raindrops, marching through an empty hallway. Then they stopped in front of set of black colored metal elevator doors. The door slid open. They moved inside the carriage compartment and did not spun around, listening to each ding-dong sound by floor and then felt the final jolt of the carriage ride. The door slid open. They slowly exited the carriage backwards like a silly robot and spun around, moving down an empty hallway towards the throne room.
I continued to walk in-between a square-shaped marching formation of four human guards, who were led by a single silver-tinted, seven-foot tall Gbot in the front and the second one in the rear, for some reason, strolling on top of the seventh floor, the Tower Room. I sighed with puzzlement.
They climbed a tall, winding, stone-covered staircase in purple hue reaching an open archway of green hue. The two guards stopped with Starra. The lead Gbot ventured to the side stone wall. The lead honor guard jerked off the mouth rag and the pair of wrist bone handcuffs on Starra shoving her alone into an enclosed room, staring at her back spine.
I stopped and stood in the middle of a small enclosed room, seeing four gray walls and a single gray colored hard cot, without a set of fresh bed lines, other furniture pieces, or a small table of food items and a cold pitcher of water.
Each guard entered the small room one at a time as the leader reached out and forcefully shoved the back spine on Starra further ahead through the air space in-between a stationary row of iron poles into a tiny prison hole. Each guard stopped and laughed at Starra.
I slowly move ahead into the tiny prison hole and stopped standing in the middle of a tiny room, seeing only a single gray colored hard cot, without a set of fresh bed lines. The cot stood against the forward wall of gray paint staring back at the newest and innocent convict. The rest of the room was empty except for a newly installed glass window inside the window frame that measured eight feet high by eight feet wide, hearing a metal pain on the rusty iron door close shut with a tiny squeak. I slowly padded ahead and sat down on top of the hard cot, sounding with a loud moan of annoyance, resting on top of the hard wood. I closed my two gray tinted eyelashes, hearing a solid wooden door in green hue slam shut with a loud bang.
I performed a T-probe with my telepathy and heard the raging thunderstorm, not the sweet sound of flocking wildlife, outside the tower room. Birds do not sing in the rain. Frogs do not croak during a thunder storm. The white clouds had turned into black hue within an angry purple colored sky.
The eight body guards lounged outside the closed door, sitting on the floor, eating snacks, playing a friendly game of cards in boredom. Each commoner was located at their home or at their working job or someplace else but here inside the Tower Room with Starra.
My mind drifted into outer space mindlessly. I sighed with daydreaming.
Commoners are the working class that represents the shopkeepers, teachers, clerks, and technicians living a day and night on their native home planet, collecting currs to pay for food, shelter, clothes, and the rest of their fun stuff and essentials of a long life. They work three days within a five-day solar week and have two days off for fun and leisure.  Noble clan is the non-working and fun class of citizens that have currs and cause trouble, for fun, too.
On top of the cot, I laughed out loud and opened my two eyelashes viewing the rear wall of gray with a gasp, sitting upright at my fitted waistline, wearing with a smile. I reached out and outlined the first hand-curved drawing showing a planet on the thick stone, whispering for my eardrums only. “The position of the planet represents Resort,” I continued to outline my finger pad around the crooked rough circular formation on the stone wall and gasped of shock. Another prisoner had been imprisoned here, before me or after me, since I had not been the only prisoner to stay here inside the royal Tower Room during the four alien timelines. I sighed with confusion.
On top of the cot, I continued to outline the rough drawing while viewing a row of rough outlines which had been craved with a sharp knife tip on the gray rock wall and as my mind mentally remembered the information during my fourth visitation within the same unknown universe.
Planet Resort had been the tourism planet which possessed acres of lush tropical rainforests, hundreds of fresh water lakes and ponds for fishing and hunting and hosted music and dance contests, food feasts, and long family parades until the midnight hours and beyond for each citizen.
Now, stationary asteroid Resort is a piece of tan colored hard rock fragments that lies against the cold and black outer space waves with a colorful array of indigo colored destroyed buildings, abandoned structures, and a gang of secret pirates that live by the deadly maser wave.

Yeah, they are still here!

I continued to sit upright on top of the cot with a smile while re-reading in silence the hand-curved words below the outline of the planet that had been etched onto the stone wall of gray: Yeah, they are still here!
So, the group of ugly-looking pirates were still alive and thriving on asteroid Resort with the financial, medical, and economic aid coming from Lord Dirk, in secret. He was still experimenting on each Sickness patient, who peacefully slept inside a hospital bed on Space Station Bio coming from Rita’s blessing and Rann’s ignorance. I sighed with frustration.
I shifted my finger to the next rough drawing recalling the ancient information during my four visits within the same unknown universe.



Planet Sahara is an orange colored, desert planet, which is the hottest spot in the galaxy, among the two sun systems, where each long-term prisoner lives, works, plays, and dies.

Planet Agri is nicknamed as the Food Planet producing meats, fish, vegetables, fruits, breads, herbs and livestock animals for the universe and citizens with its secretive, isolated, mysterious, and infamously gang of wealthy Business Associates.

Planet Commerce is the established power and economic center of the universe, hosting the Game, which is an organized sporting event that resembles a collection of football, baseball, soccer, volleyball, and basketball player. Each Game dictates a set of rules that each player likes to ignore and cause mayhem and harm to another Game player.

Planet Bio is the destroyed first and then replaced second a man-made floating space station world with numerous hospitals, clinics, pharmacies, biological medical physicians, nurses, technicians, and a gang of metal-coated medical physicians, which are called Bbots. If a citizen becomes ill, or injured, the patient is treated by both citizen and robot personnel.

Planet Uni is radiated dust mite within cold and black outer space, which had been destroyed completely within the second alien timeline and then re-built in present fourth alien timeline as man-made space station that orbits around Planet Agri. Planet Uni house and holds all the children and teachers for school learning and future career goals.

Planet Militia has never been a real earth and water world, but a man-made space station that holds the galaxy police force, since the Militia force consists of lots of land, sea, and air troopers. They also escort each prison inmate to the prison planet, like Starra.

Planet Tech is a modern state-of-the-art high-tech industrial planet, which is an assembly of manufacturing plants and factories that are performed by and controlled by robots and its robotic mistress, Queen or Princess or Lady Rita.

Planet Ice, once an ice cold, white-tinted, and snow-covered land mass of half-frozen water and a half-frozen island is a wasteland of radioactive dust and particles floating ball in the universe and is not re-created in the second, third or current alien timeline, since all folks are dead and buried underneath a pile of glittering and glowing red tinted radiative pretty snowflakes.

Planet Bonita is a living planet with plenty of green trees, pods of colorful flowers and low-lying bush plants, and an assortment of fruit bushes on the northern end while the southern end is still a freaking mystery to my neurons.


Inside the Tower Room, of Rann’s royal castle, on top of the hard-feeling wooden cot, I continued to sit and dropped my hand down to the next image. The row of rough drawings ends with Planet Bonita, without showing the colorful wormhole. I signed with intrigue.
My Tele sense pinged. Everything is fine.
I looked back over my collar bone and viewed the closed door in green hue and as my Tele eardrums picked up a loud sound near the elevator carriage, then a set of heavy footfalls rush up the twisting steps, and finally the sound stopped in front of the closed metal door. The door knob on the other side rattled and as the baritone voice yelled out loud. “Open it now!” Rann rumbled in his sexy baritone tone at each guard.
The eight honor guards were standing against the wall and looked very confused with the new situation that included the ruler of the universe. The lead guard rattled a set of metal keys and hit the metal knob with a small ting, clearing his tight throat with nervousness, “Yes, Sire. Yes, Sire!”
The door slammed opened and revealed Rann. He entered the tower room first leading a human parade consisting of Rita and her three guards behind his back spine. Then Dirk entered with two guards behind his back spine, following the three guards on Rita.

Are you confused? Yeah, I am too.

Each person halted and stood in a row facing the line of thick iron gates, staring at prisoner Starra.
Inside my tiny iron cell, I almost burst out in laughed but bit my acidic tongue, continuing to sit on top of the hard-feeling, wooden cot, staring back at each person with mystery and concern. I sighed with worry.
Rann stood in the row and wore a worried brow, exhaling with worry for Starra.
Rita looked very happy and smiled at Starra.
Dirks smirked at Starra.
Rann turned and sneered at the nose profile on Rita. “What is Starra doing inside my jail cell, Rita?”
Dirk continued to smirk at Starra. “Your slave had kidnapped and then tormented your princess.”
Rann leaned over the air waves and sneered at the nose profile on Dirk. “Thank you, Rita, for answering my question.”
Rita shuffled with a giggle and continued to stare at Starra, bumping Dirk’s arm with a smile.
“Open the prison door now!” Rann viewed and nodded to Starra. However, no guard moved from their present pose, still staring at Starra.
“Ahem! Starra is a very dangerous female, King Rann. I would strongly advice against that decision.” Dirk smiled at Starra.
“Did I just ask for your personal opinion, Dirk? No, I didn’t. Did you hear my royal command, royal guard? Open the damn iron gate right now!” Rann stared at Starra and sneered at the guard. The lead guard shuffled in front of Rann and banged the metal keys on the iron door creating a musical song of tings and dinks. Rita and Dirk softly sniggered at Starra while Rann sneered with anger. The iron door opened with metal pain. Inside the iron cell, Starra do not move from the cot. Rann shuffled ahead and shoved the guard to the side with a growl, motioning to Starra with a smile. “Please, come this way, Starra” He lifted both of arms in the air and formed an invisible warm embrace. Starra quickly stood upright from the hard cot and wiggled her numb butthole, slowly stumbling into his two steel biceps and his two warm hands, cuddling into his chest, grinning with her silly smile. Rann wrapped his arms around Starra protecting her body, turning with a sneer to Rita. “Now, tell me the story, again, Rita!”
“She was…” Dirk turned and sneered at the nose profile on Starra.
Rann released Starra and lifted his palm in silence. Too bad! Rann didn’t punch Dirk in the face. I sighed with violence.
“Rita, tell me, now! What happened to your body?” Rann cuddled Starra, again. I sighed with true love.
“I was kidnapped and struck in the face by her.” Rita tilted her skull with a smile at Starra. “Don’t you see the bloody mark on my cheekbone? Can’t you see the cut? She did it.” Dirk smirked. I sighed with doom.
Rann exhaled with confusion and pulled back, staring at Starra with a smile. “Now, I wanna hear your story, Starra.” I sighed with shock.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Concentrate. Relax. Focus.
Then I opened my eyelashes and looked at Rita, then at Dirk, and finally back at Rann. I nodded with a stern face, “I kidnapped the princess.” Rita laughed out loud with a soft clap. Dirk gasped in shock.
Rann frowned and shook his bone skull. “So, you arranged a kidnapping and then kidnapped Rita on purpose. Is this action correct?”
“Yes, I did.” I nodded with a stern face again.
“Please, explain to me! Why did you take the princess?” Rann exhaled with confusion.
I nodded with a stern face again to Rann. “I don’t wanna be a servant anymore. I wanna be free and make my own choices. I kidnapped Princess Rita hoping that I could escape in the stolen ship and start a new life. I would’ve returned the princess unharmed inside her new ship using the homing beacon and the automatic navigational controls that would have returned to Planet Commerce. I didn’t get that far, thou.”
“Do you really possess a set of skill for piloting a starship?” Rann frowned.
“Yes, I can.” I turned and smiled at Rita and then Dirk.
Dirk did not anticipate my white lie with Rann’s single question. I had admitted to the pretend kidnapping of Rita. I sighed with victory.
I had used my Tele powers and quickly tapped into his open mind gathering more secret information from Lord Dirk. He greatly desired something from me, very badly, and had set up the kidnapping plot with Rita for my fall. If I am found guilty, then I will be executed by hanging from the gallows wooden planks. However, Dirk has arranged for me to be taken off Planet Commerce and arrive on Planet Sahara for a private body execution, since I can’t escape from him. Now, I gotta figure out what he greatly desires next.
I viewed and smiled at Rann.

Please, believe me, Rann. I connected, linked, and Tele talked to Rann.

“I believe you and your story, Starra.” Rann smiled at Starra then sneered at Rita. “Starra has confessed. I am releasing her…”
“Releasing her, why? But… but she has admitted to kidnapping and beating me with her two fists, Rann.” Rita gasped in shock and continued the fake protest for drama.
He nodded with a smile. “Yeah, Starra did beat you, Rita. I guess that makes her very dangerous to you, sweetie. Now, Starra will remind in my sole custody, until she has learned to behave as a pri…proper citizen.” He viewed and smiled at Starra, folding her arm into his arm, spinning around to face the open archway, slowly moving ahead through the guard line.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Rita stomped her sandal on top of the gray tile and struck her fist in the empty air molecules, wiggling her long purple colored gown side to side, shouting out loud with her angry protest. “She is guilty of kidnapping me. I was generous while allowing that evil criminal to stay here inside my Tower Room. I demand that she hang upside down from the gallows planks, right now, right here, today, for her evil plan.” Dirk spun around with a puzzled brow and followed the back spine on Starra, nodding at the back spine on Rann, in silence.
Rann halted with Starra and slowly whirled around, sneering at Rita, “I am the prince of the universe, Rita. I dictate all rewards and all punishments for each citizen of the universe.” Rita gasped in shock then looked down, staring at the dirty tile floor in silence. Rann patted Starra’s hand still growling at the blonde hair roots on Rita, “Keeping my girl here and hidden and locked away for me and inside my Tower Room, without any food or water, deserves a punishment from someone. Starra has confessed in honesty with her failed deed. So, I am foregoing the execution and releasing Starra from the death penalty for kidnapping you, Rita. Starra will be confined to her private suite for two days, until further orders from me, the prince of the universe. Do you object to my decree, Rita?”
“I do not, Rann.” Rita talked down to the floor with a worried brow. Dirk continued to stare and softly sneered at Starra while standing guard beside his true girlfriend Rita.
Rann continued to stand and sneered back at both Rita and Dirk, gently patting the hand on Starra, slowly spinning them around, exhaling with a huff of annoyance. He and Starra slowly exited out from the tower room and carefully climbed down each stone step.
He leaned down into her cheekbone with a stern face. “I am so sorry about your inhuman treatment coming from Rita and Dirk. Rita has been acting funny for the past week. I do not know what is wrong with her princess personality. And I cannot explain Dirk, on purpose or on accident,” he softly chuckled and then smiled, “But I do know what is wrong with me.” He chuckled Starra into his rib cage with a grin, stomping down the last step, moving ahead towards the closed elevators doors.  “How about we enjoy an early supper meal, Starra?” She continued to cuddle into his rib cage and performed an ugly yawn, slapping her cupped hand over her parted lips. He smiled. “How about a short catnap, before our late supper meal, Starra?” She turned and nodded with a smile to Rann.
The elevator doors slide open. They entered and continued to smile at each other, in silence.
A few minutes later, on the second floor, the elevator carriage stopped. Then door slid open. They exited the elevator carriage and veered down to the side wall towards the first open door and halted inside the open archway.
Rann pointed inside an empty room and stared at Starra, “You’ll enjoy these new accommodations more than the tiny Tower Room space. If not, I can arrange something more interesting.” He winked with a soft chuckle and pulled Starra a few feet into the new room, then halted with a smile.
The private chamber room contained four pink painted walls, a queen-sized bed, a matching pink tinted wooden drawer, a round sitting table, two side chairs, and a colorful flower garden that was drowning in water from the continuous massive sheet of raindrops on the exterior patio floor. And the room contained a private lavatory. I sighed with happiness.
He stared at her face, not the room, “You can rest your bones as long as you need, Starra.” He leaned down and tenderly kissed her dirty forehead, pulling back with a smile. “Have a set of good dreams! I will return and awaken you, when I’m hungry for our meal,” Rann did not release her body and stared into her face with a smile.
I exhaled with happiness then yawned ugly, breaking our dream-state.
He released her and back stepped, bowing at his fit waistline for princess respect, standing upright, wearing a grin, slowly back stepping from Starra in silence. She continued to stare then winked at Rann, in silence, too. He exited the new bedroom setting and halted inside the hallway slowly closing the door shut, cutting off our smiles.
Inside my new master room, I slowly limped backwards as I was too lazy to spin my body around viewing the new bed frame, colliding into the edge of the soft mattress, plopping down backwards on my back spine on top of the neat bedcover in my wet and dirty clothes. I enjoyed the cool air fluttering around the cold room and on my sweaty body from the functioning air conditioning system. I closed my gray-tinted eyelashes and dreamed of my man Rann, remembering his sweet smile on my soft lips. 
My Tele senses pinged. Everything’s fine.
Alien Day 101


12th hour (midnight)
Starra’s bedroom setting
Cool temperatures with twinkling stars and bright moonlight rays


I continued to rest on top of the soft pink tinted bed covers with tiny yellow flowers and popped open my gray-tinted eyelashes, blinking my two irises at the numerous beams from the dull moonlight rays coming through the wet glass windows inside my private room. I whispered for my eardrums only, “Stang!”
My Tele senses pinged next. Everything ain’t fine.
My Tele-ears heard the loud commotion inside the empty hallway as the invader climbed up a side wooden ladder then nosily stumbled over a row of flower pots, coming through the unlocked balcony doorway and hid behind the pink tinted curtains.
I sat upright and knelt on top of the messy bed covers, softly giggling and stared at the wiggling pink tinted curtain shaking my semi-dirty curls. I sighed with amusement.
I continued to wear my dirty waitress outfit and my semi-dry sleeveless pink tinted top, wiggling my pair of bare feet, flipping off the tall fashion heels before resting inside my new bed mattress. My shoes rested down on the floor. 
“Halt!” Rita shouted out loud coming from the entrance wall near the open archway.
“What!” I turned and viewed the new sound, gasping in shock. Rita was standing here inside my bedroom, without my Tele alert. The overhead lamps illuminated with an array of yellow bright light and as my two gray tinted eyeballs quickly adjusted to the brightness then spotted a zombie Rann, who was held by Rita and her five fingers around his neck.
I swiftly executed a T-probe with my telemetabolics scanning his biological signs. Rann was unconscious but presenting medical shock. I sighed with concern.
Her bent arm with a red colored leather sleeve contained a wiggling orange colored baby snake of six inches in length, not an ordinary wiggling snake. Still, a Sahara sand snake caused death with a single touch on human flesh or bone.


I mentally flashed back past, within the second alien timeline, when I had remembered that a single drop of the snake’s venom would kill a person in three seconds, permanently.


Then, I mentally flashed back present, into the fourth alien timeline, I sneered at Rita and ignored Dirk, who still held behind the girly curtain drape, not in secret.
“Don’t move, sweetie!” Rita stood against the pink-tinted entrance wall and cuddled an unconscious Rann, still holding the baby snake near his naked throat. I sighed with shock.
Dirk emerged like an idiot from the draped curtains and stood in place with a smile, staring at the nose profile on Starra. “I didn’t mean to be so dramatic tonight. But this seemed the best way to get your attention, Starra.”
I continued to kneel on top of the bed covers and did not move, talk, or react while holding my angry, before launching my ten bare finger pads and murdered Rita while she held a tiny deadly snake at Rann’s neck muscles.
Dirk smiled at the rear skull on Starra. “Well, you seem to be in a more cooperative mood tonight.”
I turned and slice my two silver irises without using my deadly Tele ray at Dirk and continued to hold my deadly fury in silence, until the right moment.
He performed a half spin around and pointed to the exterior balcony. “Your chariot awaits, princess!”
My eyeballs looked beyond Dirk and as I gasped in shock, seeing a grounded sliver tinted, wet carrier ship that had destroyed the row of potted flowers, on top of the second level balcony floor. I whispered for my eardrums only, “When did that thing arrive on my door step?” I sighed with puzzlement. A carries ship housed four citizens and eight pieces of luggage in the rear trunk.
Rita had ordered her personal guard unit to ignore the new criminal situation or ordered them sedated to sleep through the new criminal situation also.
I shifted my eyelashes back to Dirk first then sneered at Rita. I sighed with cold-blooded murder for two evil citizens.
Rita lovingly embraced her future husband Rann and protectively clasped the snake over her red tinted leather gloved hand, holding the tongue on the snake near his naked throat without touching his skin.
I continued to kneel on top of the bed cover and flamed with angry, exhaling with deep sour smelling breathes.
I closed my two gray-tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Concentrate. Relax. Focus.
I calmed my jumbled nerve endings of fear, fright, angry, fury, and murder and opened my eyelashes staring at Rita, wearing a smirk. I performed a T-retrieve with my telekinesis sending out an invisible Tele hand, grabbing the hidden golden tinted dagger from Dirk’s body tunic. I executed a T-toss flinging the blade tip at the head of the wiggling snake, which was not connected to Rita’s arm. I pinned the dead snake head’s tan colored meat, white tinted bones, and green tinted blood proteins against the pretty pink-tinted wall beside Rita’s smooth cheekbone, killing the reptile permanently. Then I will kill her life form later, within this demon tale. I slowly stood upright on top of the messy bed mattress and sneered at her. I sighed with victory.
On the entrance wall, Rita gasped in shock with her extended human tongue showing off her set of pink human tonsils.

Just kidding, ya’ll!

I cannot see her tonsils, until I rip them out from her esophagus with my two bare hands later this morning. I sigh with promise.
On the entrance wall, inside Starra’s bedroom, Rita dropped down her sleeved leather arm and shook her covered limb in fright, releasing the body on the dead snake, still holding her free on Rann.

Well, I’m freakingly impressed.

Rita opened her cupped hand from Rann’s neck. He swiftly dropped down towards the hard floor using Commerce’s gravity.
I performed a T-grab with my telekinesis and gently executed a T-hold onto his falling, unconscious body, balancing Rann in the air and then his body upright a few inches from the floor, carefully shuffling his body ahead towards my open arms. Rann slammed into my body. I hugged him against my collar bone and chest cavity, running a T-scan with my telemetabolics, double-checking his healthy medical condition. Rann was both unconscious and healthy. I sighed with relief.
I spun us around and executed a T-release flying Rann down towards the messy bed covers, releasing his body down on top of the soft mattress. He rested on his back spine in restful sleep, without knowledge of the deadly event. I smiled down at my man and released a T-kiss planting down on his smooth cheekbone while feeling his heat through my metaphysically touch. I sighed with true love.
I spun around and growled at Dirk, “Now, I’m ready to leave the castle, Dirk!”
“Bravo! Bravo, Starra!” Dirk continued to stand in-between the wet curtains, in front of the open archway, clapping with a laugh of cheer. Rita continued to stand against the bloody wall and hissed like a Sahara snake at the rear skull on Starra. Dirk extended his arm and wiggled his index finger at the bloody wall. His personal golden tinted dagger departed from the entrance wall paint flying across the room into his cupped hand and as the dead snake’s head dropped down to the floor, landing beside the wiggling nerves on the dead snake body.
I dashed ahead and leaped off the soft bed mattress, exiting the room, entering the exterior patio floor, getting wet in the rain. Dirk opened the rear door. I slid down into the rear leather bench squishing my set of naked toe bones down into the soft carpet.

I connected, linked, and Tele talked to Dirk: Death on you!

Dirk didn’t bother to address Starra or her telepathy wordy threat.
Rita had wanted the alive and breathing alien body on Starra dead since the first alien timeline while trying with her fourth failed attempt along with her boyfriend, non-husband fool Lord Dirk.
Inside the messy bedroom, Rita sneered and strolled ahead in red tinted one-piece jumpsuit which looked great on her slender, sexy body. Her head of blonde hair was pulled back in a long shiny ponytail. She entered the rain and got wet, scooting down into the passenger seat with a smile. Dirk was wet also and followed the back spine on Rita, slamming the passenger door shut for his girlfriend and raced around the front bumper, sliding down into the pilot’s chair, fiddling with the controls. The engine roared to life. The carrier ship flew off the balcony surface leaving Commerce’s atmosphere and slowly soared inside the massive rainstorm, avoiding each individual lightning bolt while trying to sail up into the black, cold outer space waves.
A lightning bolt is a streak of live electricity that is attracted to a stationary metal object, as well, as a moving metal object.
Inside the cozy carrier cockpit, Rita smiled at the nose profile on Dirk, “Where are we going to hide her, sweetie?”
I continued to sit in the rear bench and stared at the continuous ugly purple colored thunderstorm. The weather was really nasty like Lord Dirk here inside the fourth alien timeline for some reason. “Bonita.” I smiled with the correct answer.
Dirk greatly desired Starra dead while he tried to toss her alive and breathing body back into the colorful wormhole for a one-way trip back to her home world Planet Earth, using three failed attempted murderous acts. I sighed with doom.
“Shut up, slave!” Rita yelled out loud at Starra and stared at Dirk.
“Bonita.” Dirk fiddled with the gears then slowly lifted the ship from the sands flying through the winds and as the ship rolled back and forth within the thunderstorm hurricane winds.
In the rear bench seat, I did not grab the door handle but performed a T-zap, with my telemetabolics, inside my two eardrums that controlled my balance and stability within my biological body, without vomiting up my green coated oatmeal flakes over the new leather bench seat.
Inside the passenger seat, Rita scared too easily and released his hand, grabbing the side door handle, scanning the danger dark purple tinted storm clouds. “Are you crazy, Dirk? I mean. Do you want to reconsider this dangerous sky trip, darling? The radiation rays from the numerous maser bombs will kill me and…”
“There are no radiation particles or waves on Planet Bonita. The story is pure myth and a lying falsehood for a reason.” He flew through the black clouds and steered up into the atmosphere, hitting calm, cold, black outer space wave, driving the ship and the crew towards the planet of Bonita.
“But…but…but the Book states that the maser exposure stays for thousands and thousands and thousands of years from any maser wave attack.” She gasped in shock.
I continued to slide side to side from Dirk’s wild flying inside the rear bench with a smile. “How many is thousands of thousands and thousands of years, Rita? I can compute that,” I laughed out loud.
“Who do you think wrote that passage inside the Book, Rita?” He continued to steer with a smile.
“Rosa.” I smiled with the correct answer.
“Shut up, slave!” She continued to hang onto the door handle with fright in the passenger seat and yelled out loud at the windshield, without viewing Starra.
“Rosa.” He steered with a smile and stared at the tiny brown and green colored dot of Planet Bonita.

Planet Bonita
5th hour (early morning)

Sunrise in pinks, reds, and greens 
Pale blue sky without clouds at 62°F


Inside the pilot chair, Dirk dipped the ship down from the outer space waves, smoothly flying the carrier inside a pale blue sky, not a set of black storm clouds with thunder and lightning bolts, passing the fiery colors of red, yellow, and blue inside the wormhole that protected something or someone. The ship glided a few feet above the smooth brown ground dirt over Planet Bonita. I sighed with intrigue.
In the rear bench, I slid over and touched the glass window with my nose, staring down at the new landscape. After the deaths of Lady Rosa and Ann, the dead planet had rejoiced and then rejuvenated rebuilding the green tinted forests, blue tinted fresh water lakes, and assorted colorful wildlife.
Groves of lush green, orange, and brown landscape displayed scattered fields for low dark green bush plants, vivid colored wild vegetation, and scattered pods of colorful wildflowers, instead of previous patches of yellowish-brown dead weeds during my very first visit here, within the first alien timeline.
Dirk slowed the speed on the ship then halted within the air, slowly descending on top of golden colored sand, killing the engine. He slid out from the pilot’s seat and stood upright on top of the sand grains, spinning around, moving ahead with a stern face and surveyed the new landscape, in silence.
Inside the passenger seat, Rita popped open her door and stood upright on top of the same sand grains, reaching over, opening the rear door. She pulled a maser weapon from the pocket on her red tinted one-piece jumpsuit and aimed the cold barrel at the open door, yelling out loud. “Get out, Starra!”
He moved ahead and then stops, standing in the sand, yelling back. “Don’t bother, Rita!” He surveyed the new landscape while searching for something and then ordered. “You can’t kill her.”
From the rear seat, I stumbled out with a smile and stood upright on top of the golden sand with a giggle.
He continued to stand and surveyed the land with a smile. “And we both know that fact to so true, don’t we, Starra?” I sighed with trouble.
Dirk was correct.

I do not or cannot die, but I do come back here then create a new timeline with my sweet personality or something else sweet.

My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
Rita ignored his noble command and continued to stand on the sand with a sneer, pointing the weapon at Starra.
I continued to stand and lifted both of my arms in the air, bending both of my elbows while wiggling my ten fingers, without testing Dirk’s hypnosis.
Dirk spun around with a frown. “Put your hands down, Starra!” He sneered at Rita. “Rita, put away that maser! Move into the tent!”
I dropped down both of my hands and slapped my naked legs, laughing with amusement.
Rita slowly approached Starra and held the weapon the alien, “Move it, Starra!”
I slowly twirled around and viewed an erected white cloth tent that wore three white colored curtain drapes which formed three fluttering cloth walls, for a lunch picnic in the sand grains. Several feet across from the lovely cloth cabana, an iron cage stood decorated in a set of vertical and horizontal iron bars that formed an enclosed cage, for a prisoner.
I slowly kicked the sand with each one of my naked feet and smiled at my new iron cage, “This is all for me. Gosh! You shouldn’t have done it, Dirk.” I stopped in front of the door made of iron poles, where I slipped my vertical hand through the air waves, not my chest.
Rita stopped and stood beside the cage structure while continuing to hold the maser barrel at the rib cage on Starra.
Dirk moved ahead and stood in front of the lovely cabana, wiggling a finger, performing his T-zap with his telekinesis, unlocking the single iron latch with a loud click sound. The jail door silently swung open. He sneered at the back spine on Starra. “I didn’t.”
I surveyed the crude but simple cage structure with a fake smile. “I’m impressed.”
“Don’t be!” He growled.
Rita sneered and wiggled the weapon barrel at Starra, “Get inside, Starra!”
I exhaled with annoyance and slowly strolled ahead in my bare feet and a sour frown, entering the cage structure which contained a sand floor and four walls of iron bars and then stopped. I reached out and touched a warm water pitcher of fresh drinking water, staring down at a white lovely, lonely sleep cot. The iron door slammed shut, without sound, alerting my senses. I spun around and gasped in shock.
Dirk and Rita shuffled inside the cloth cabana and sat down in a pair of matching white cloth chairs leaning over a small white wooden table while engaging in a deep private conversation about the universe. Each one slipped on a cold, wet glass tumbler with a red tinted beverage while looking down at an open red colored Book on top of the table.
I desired some vocal interaction with the two cartoon characters and mouth drooled for one of their cold, sweaty beverages. “Can I…?” I moved ahead and stopped, reaching up, holding a heated iron bar with each hand, protruding my nose bridge through the air, sweating in the heated sunshine.
“Shut up, slave!” Rita looked up and smiled at Starra, slurping her cold beverage.
“Food.” I smiled and annoyed them with my next vocal request, staring at Rita.
“Shut up, slave!” She continued to stare at Starra with a smile, drinking the cold beverage.
“Water.” I continued to smile and annoyed them again while staring at Rita.
“Shut up, slave!”
“Blanket.” I continued to smile and annoy them for my fun while staring at Rita.
Dirk ignored the vocal torment with Starra and continued to read through the red Book, pointing down at the page with a smile, “Here! This is the correct passage from the Book.”
I hugged the iron bars and tested the strength of the iron with my fingers in silence, smiling at the red colored hair roots on Dirk. “Rann, he is awake and looking for me, right now, this moment, today. Do you know that fact, jack?” I greatly desired a vocal or visual reaction as they did not react.
Rita continued to stare and smile at Starra. “Good luck to us! Rann, he will never find you or your body, sweetie. He will never ever think of searching here on radiated Planet Bonita.”
I faked a smile in silence but mentally conclude here. Prince Rann was searching every damp cave and dirt ditch for me, not a dead planet. I sighed with disappointment.
“Don’t fret, Starra! Your ending is coming and will change everything for you and me.” He continued to read and scanned the Book, without seeing Starra.
“Us!” She leaned over and touched his oily, greasy red tinted hair roots. “Her death end will change everything for us, sweetie.” I sighed with grossness.
“Us.” He continued to study the Book. I sighed with puke-ness.
Rita continued to stare and smiled at Starra. “I want to torture her and make Starra suffer like I did in the wormhole.”
“Starra is going back to her home world, Planet Earth. Her home world is getting ready to explode into trillions and trillions and trillions of pieces of fine space dust. This is our reward for being patient and steady, sweetie.” He stated the true face and studied the Book.
“I didn’t like to be patient.” She continued to smile and stared at Starra, pulling out the maser weapon again, cupping it inside her shooting hand. She aimed the cold barrel at Starra.
Inside the cage, I back stepped from the row of iron bars while watching for trouble, listening for new information.
“We’re ready for her expedition. I don’t want to delay any further. Rann is looking for her and might get lucky on a whim.” He studied the Book.
“What about burning her?” She growled at Starra.
“In the first alien timeline, Starra survived a direct strike with electricity in the form of a heated lightning bolt and then managed to return back to here and us, sweetie.” He remembered and told the truth. I sighed with puzzlement.
“It would so much fun to see her squirm within a blaze of hot heat and colorful flames inside the wormhole.” She continued to stare and sneered at Starra while holding the weapon in one hand, slurping the cold beverage with the other hand.
He turned the page and studied the words. “You had your chance in the second alien timeline, Rita. You started a roaring fire here on Planet Bonita and burned down all the buildings, the healthy landscape, and the healthy citizens down into the burnt soil.”
She frowned at Starra. “O! I did. I did not recall that.”
I nodded with a stern face and tested at Dirk. “Yeah, you did, Rita. But Rann can to my rescue like usual.” Rita hissed at Starra and continued to aim the cold barrel at Starra while slurping the cold beverage underneath the cabana.
“I can’t believe Rann found you and you survived again.” He continued to scan the book with a smile without looking at Starra.
Dirk did not know or remember that Rann was a gifted Tele person from each alien timeline. Dirk, Rann, and I shared a common factor, but I could not figure out why or how. So, this was my Conqueror Card that I needed to end this ludicrous mind game and save my precious buttonhole. I sighed with my poker player skills.
“Rann is a seer.” I smiled at the red colored hair roots on Dirk. He looked up with a gasp and dropped his cold beverage down on the sand in silence. I nodded with my discovery and his loss. I knew something that Dirk didn’t know. I sighed with games.
He slowly stood upright from the chair and shuffled ahead out the cabana to the iron door on the cage, staring with a stern face at Starra, “Explain!”
I continued to stand and rolled my two eyeballs viewing with a giggle at Dirk, covering my parted lips with a dirty hand. Yeah, I also carried around my pink colored lipstick hidden down inside the interior pocket in my tutu skirt.
He shook his bone skull and frowned at Starra. “Starra, I know that you are desperate and sad, but Rann does not possess an ounce of telepathy.” I continued to nod with a wide smile in silence.
Inside the cabana, Rita stood and dropped down her cold beverage, attacking the forearm on Dirk with love, hugging his body. She sneered at Starra, “Sweetie, do not play her stupid mental mind games. She’s stalling the process of her death back into the wormhole.”
He struggled free from Rita and leaned over, shoving his long nose bridge through the two iron bars, sneering at Starra. “Impossible! You and he have never been together. I have seen to that. Your fluids have never combined.”
“Fluids.” I smiled with a nod.
“What does that word mean? What are talking about, Starra?” Rita wiggled side to side and chuckled at Starra.
He laughed with a nod, “Starra is referencing marriage between two individuals.”
She frowned. “Starra is short and stupid. Forget about her and her wicked lies, sweetie! This is a total waste of my time.”
I winked with a smile. “Dirk is correct. Rann and I are not married yet. But our fluids did combine.” Rita frowned in silence at Starra.
Dirk gasped in shock then frowned, “Specify!”
I gasped in alarm. Dirk did not know everything about Rann and me. I exhaled with a tongue of sour smelling breath then inhaled the fresh sea air with a smile, flipping my hand in the air, like I did not care. “Do you remember inside the previous alien timeline? You dropped down a gang of nasty pirates inside the Rann’s castle?” I tested my working theory.
Dirk reminded cool as a cucumber, without speaking or sneezing, as he did not possess allergies, like General Ivan. He grinned, “Was that the first or second invasion?”
I was overly impressed and very curious as to why and how the previous time line event was remembered and shared only by me and Dirk. Rita continued to stand and created more wrinkles on her forehead and mouth.
I nodded. “I am referring to the second incident, when you had tried to capture Rann and then failed, buddy.”
“Silly girl! I was trying to capture you, but you couldn’t be found. Ivan was so mad.” He chuckled. “Ivan wanted to blast your two eyeballs all the way to the Wall, which would have not solved my little problem, back then. I calmed him down with my suave personality and then suggested that Ivan arrest your fanny sending you back with me, to Planet Sahara. I promised with my pinky finger deal to take care of you there and then.”
“I quit.” I laughed out loud with a nod.
He jabbed a finger at her face and laughed out loud with a nod. “That…that was an ingenious idea, Starra. You had saved your own skin that night.”
Rita continued to stand beside Dirk without sharing the humor or the point of the story, pointing the maser barrel at Starra with a sour frown, “What is the point of your story, Dirk?”
“I found Rann inside the castle, defending him against the nasty floor of pirates and then jumped out from the open tower window, saving his life.” I smiled.
“What! Why did you jump out of a hundred-story tower window inside the tower building? The Tower Room is located there. That room is safe and secure place. Am I not right, Dirk?” Rita gasped.
“I told you before, Rita. Starra has some astounding tales with a set of awesome Tele powers.” He bowed his chin to Starra and looked up with a smile.
I nodded. “I saved Rann’s life. But I didn’t sense a prowling pirate, who was sent in by you, that secretly hid inside the low-lying green tinted plant bush, within cool building shadow, and carried a dart filled with snake venom. She had attacked then injected the poisonous venom with the dart into his arm flesh. Bbot had extracted the contaminated blood from Rann and the surrounding exposed muscle tissues, but Rann had needed a fresh supply of blood to continue living foreverly.” I sighed with life.
“What fresh supply of blood?” He smiled. “O! Of course, Rann needed blood after the venom extract process. Else he would have died.”
“My blood!” I smiled with a nod.
Rita stared at Starra. Dirk hissed first and then whispered to Starra. “No! That’s impossible. No! That is not possible…”
“Yeah, man!” I nodded with a laugh and lifted my naked arm, exhibiting the permanent skin scar from the lousy needle prick on my suntanned skin. “I was right there. I still wear a skin scar from Bbot’s nasty needle while living within the third timeline. My earthling blood runs through the veins of Prince Rann.”
He gasped. “No! Your blood cannot through the veins of Rann.”
I dropped down my arm and slapped the iron bars with both of my cupped hands, nodding with a smile. “Yeah, little boy! Rann is a talented telepathy, like me and you, because of my red colored blood proteins…”
“That doesn’t make any sense, Dirk.” Rita continued to stand with a sour frown at Starra.
Dirk spun away from Starra with a sour frown and faced the cabana, slowly moving back into the shaded tent, shouting out loud. “That’s an interesting make-believe fairy tale, sweetie. But it doesn’t mean anything for you or for me, Starra.”
Rita swung around with a smile and caught up, padding with Dirk, in silence.
Inside the iron cage, I continued to stand with a smile. “But it explains the reason and the action for Rann’s personal infatuation with me, me, and me. I am a stranger here within the universe and a slave girl within this stupid timeline, and finally an alien from another planet.” Dirk and Rita re-seated in each chair underneath the cabana, without speaking, staring at Starra while slurping down a new cold beverage. 
I continued to stand and nodded to Dirk. “And I have noticed, with my acute brains and my set of cuter freckles, within the three previous alien timelines, that I do not affect you, native Dork.”
“You love dead Bartholomew.” He reached out and grabbed the red Book, flipping through the pages.
This little chat was getting too close inside my heart. I had not told a citizen within the galaxy that I loved Rann. I sighed with alien.
I nodded at the red colored hair roots on Dirk. “Bartholomew had lived within the first alien timeline but then he had died in the second alien timeline. Did you remember that one? You had killed Bartholomew at the Battle of Sahara inside his warship above the skies on Planet Sahara.”
He continued to read the page with a stern face. “I remember.”
Rita gasped with a nod at Starra. “I remember when Bartholomew died above the heated skyline on Planet Sahara. It was a very sad day for the kingdom and the nobles and the commoners. The commoners really loved Bartholomew. But I didn’t remember your face or your person, Starra, ever.”
I nodded with a laugh. “O! I was there. How else would I know about Bartholomew and his fate?”
He continued to scan each page inside the book. “Starra has been living here with us within each new timeline underneath everyone’s nose holes, but mine. Bartholomew had fallen in love with the alien, without an understanding or a logical reason. Then he died and left the universe like a lot of our nobles. The end!” He flipped the page and read the next sentence in silence.
Rita gasped in shock. “So, old king Bartholomew is the new old dead king. When you enter back into the timeline, you chase after each new king, which is Rann, today,” she laughed.
I sneered at Rita. “No, I do not chase after any man.”
He continued to scan the new pages with a smile. “No, I am the one doing the chasing. I chase after Starra, without success.”
Rita turned and sneered at his eardrum. “Why do you chase after Starra? You used to chase after me. Do you love Starra, Dirk?”
He laughed and flipped to the next gape. “No.”
She returned and smiled at Starra. “So, Dirk does not love you. Bartholomew is dead and can’t love you. And Rann chases after your person for some unexplained reason. So, do you love Rann?”
Dirk laughed out loud and flipped the next page, “No.”
I frowned. “No, I don’t love Rann.”
He laughed and flipped to the next page. “I told you so, Rita.”
I nodded with a smile to Rita. “I truly love Rann and I will truly marry him also.”
She gasped in shock and frowned at the eardrum on Dirk. “What does all this crazy conversation mean to us, Dirk?”
He looked up with a stern face and stared at Starra. “I’m not certain. So, that’s why you wanted to marry Rann right after the pirate attack. You wanted a marriage for love, not for the amalgamation.”
I nodded with a smile. “Yup, I did for love. But I’m more interested in discussing your theory about fluids.” I signed with curiosity.
“She lies.” Rita frowned.
“Shut up, Rita!” He stared at Starra.
I nodded. “Your new plan is not going to work, Dirk. Your new plan will fail like the last time.”
Dirk slowly stood upright from the chair and toted the Book between his hands. “You are a clever and intelligent girl, Starra. However, I would have expected a better farewell speech for your last hurrah within my galaxy, before I implement my new plan.” He stopped and smirked at Starra, performing his Tele flair with his telekinesis, opening the iron door from the metal hinges. I sighed with fury.
Rita shuffled beside him with a smile and stared at Starra in silence.
I leaned over and sneered into Dirk’s chest as I was too short, in height, to reach and then bad breath into his nose bridge. “I always come back, sweetie.” I sighed with power.
“You are a silly and stupid girl here. You will die.” Rita shouted out loud and lifted the maser barrel, aiming at the chest on Starra.
Dirk reached over and wrapped his arm around Rita, flinging the maser down into the sand, cuddling Rita. He stared with a smile at Starra. “That’s not part of my plan. Starra has important work to perform for us.” He back stepped with Rita then spin around, facing the ship, yelling out loud. “Get back into the carrier ship, Starra! You can’t get off the island until you fly a starship. Now, let us see how you fair this round, sweetie,” he shoved Rita toward the opposite side on the ship then slid down into the pilot chair, closing the door, cranking the cold engine. Rita rushed through the sand with a giggle and pocketed her maser, sliding down into the passenger seat, closing her door.
Inside the open cage, I continued to stand with annoy and stared at flaming afterburner, looking up at the sky, then the sand, and then the water. “Well, I can stay here and die. Or I can go and die with Dirk and Rita, once I kill them with my bare hands,” I raced out the cage and slid down into the rear bench, without a pair of handcuffs, leaning between the two front chairs with a smile.
Inside the cockpit, in the pilot’s chair, Dirk fiddled with the gears and launched the ship vertically into the air with a laugh. I tumbled backwards and hit the cushions inside the rear bench with a gasp of shock, lounging partial on the floor and partial inside the seat. He swiftly steered the carrier ship ahead and flew towards the southern portion of Planet Bonita. Rita held onto the door handle and laughed out loud.
In the rear bench seat, I sat upright and slid over to the window, smearing my clear snot into the clean glass, staring down at the landscape. However, Dirk flew the carrier ship into the astrosphere, which cut off the landscape and surrounded the flying ship with wet clouds. I continued to stare through the window at the clouds without seeing the landscape of southern Bonita.
I always wanted to visit here while hearing a set of fake lies coming from the parted lips on an alive and breathing Lady Rosa, during the first and second alien timelines, regarding my person, who had lived and then commuted from the southern hemisphere on Planet Bonita to Planet Commerce.
The ship quickly jerked sideways from an invisible force of a mighty invisible wind currents. The calm blue sky within northern Bonita had quickly morphed into an array of nasty black and green colored cumulonimbus clouds exhibiting a veil of heavy green colored raindrops and red tinted palm-sized hail balls. The rolling thunderstorm clouds flashed prettily coming from yellow and blue tinted lightning bolts while the red tinted hail pellets bombarded each glass window falling like a big blood clot over the glass. An assortment of heavy raindrops dropped down and pounded on top of the rooftop and each door side like the element wanted into the carrier ship also.
The loud thunder sounded like a zipper ship blasting off inside a vacuum. Then the ship violently jerked side to side as each body tilted in the same direction. I sighed with panic.
Inside the front passenger seat, Rita wiggled inside the padded seat and slipped on the web netting over her body, pointing with fear at the red and black storm clouds ahead of the ship. “Are we are going to fly straight into this?”
“Yes,” I leaned back into the soft cushions with a smile and surrounded a Tele shield around my body. I did not care about Dirk and Rita’s bodies.
“Don’t worry, sweetie!” Dirk steered with one hand and reached over, patting her hand that rides the arm rest with a set of white knuckles as she feels fear and fright.
In the rear seat, I wiggled my fanny inside a white tinted web net that covered my chest, legs and my feet as I felt fear for my sucky life here within the unknown galaxy, like my number two enemy girlfriend Rita. I sighed with scary cat.
“I trust you, sweetie.” Rita continued to grip the arm rest and her teeth with worry.
“I don’t.” I laughed out loud and covered my worries too. I sighed with death.
“Shut up!” Rita softly whispers, without Starra’s name, as her mind was too scared to think.
My two eyeballs darted around the cockpit and stared out each window, seeing a gigantic black colored around the ship, performing a T-touch with my Telepathy on the clouds.
The interacting air masses banged against the steel plates on the flying ship while the hurricane winds swiftly shifted from a strong gust into hurricane wind speeds. The green tinted sky filled with a set of three rotating pink tinted wind tornados as they were stationary inside the skyline for some unexplained physics reason.
The force of hurricane winds shoved the carrier ship sideways, upside down, right side up and then repeated the dizzy sequence under Dirk’s hands. A set of natural objects flew ahead then twirled around the carrier ship, missing the steel plates and windows. I sighed with fear.

Yeah, baby, I’m afraid for my freaking life too.

Inside the rear seat, I dropped down both of my hands and hung onto the edge of my seat, burying my knuckles into the soft fabric and as my eyeballs rotated to each glass window, viewing the black clouds, red tinted tornados, and green sky.
I had never pondered the types of bodily fear against my body or my mind before. I always thought facing death in front of armed maser barrel from a crazy woman like Rita or a twirling sharp knife from a madman like Dirk was frightening, which was a mild word right now within my scary mind. This nasty Mother Nature event was terrifyingly scary within my body and mind.
However, this was a bright light at the end of the tunnel.
Yes, I mean, my pair of Tele eyeballs could see a twinkle of bright light between the flowing peaks of black clouds.
I closed my white tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Concentrate. Relax. Focus.
I gasped in alarm and opened my eyeballs, darting to Dirk’s side profile, “Geez, man! This is a freaking hurricane, Dirk. Why are you flying the ship and us inside the ship directly into that nasty but colorful hurricane weather pattern, Dirk?” I continued to stare and frown with annoyance and worry.
“Yes.” Dirk continued to steer the ship around the wild wind currents with a smile. Rita was silent for once in her life. I sighed with satisfaction.
I exhaled with worry and frustration. “Are we going to land inside the eye of the hurricane, Dirk?” I frown.
“Yes.” He continued to steer with a smile.
“Why are…?”
The carrier ship rocked back and forth, then upside, and finally sideways as Tele Master and pilot Dirk carefully steered the ship through the black clouds and flew closer to the green tinted skyline while missing the row of twisting red tinted tornados, hitting showers of red colored hail and avoided numerous downpours of green tinted rain. The colorful lightning bolts streaked down from the black colored clouds missing the ship, hitting the water.
I did not close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Concentrate. Relax. Focus.
Inside the rear seat, I did not remove my web netting but stared out the side window, looking down at a tiny dot of light colors. I blinked my eyelashes again and continued to view a tiny island of land in the middle of a thunderstorm inside the eye of an arrogant hurricane. I sighed with safety.
“Hold on!” Dirk shifted the manual gears using his ten fingers, punching a series of buttons on the console.
I continued to sit in both fear and fright, looking down at calm ocean waters and a small island. “No problem.” I whispered. I sighed with worry.
Rita stayed silent and stared into the black clouds.
The carrier ship quickly dipped down, on purpose, fifty feet in seconds. Yeah, that was a long time to fall, without a parachute.
Pilot and Tele master Dirk quickly compensated with his T-flair from his telekinesis as I was not going to assist here, because I was useless right now. My talented T-powers were vacationing back on Planet Commerce.
The carrier ship dropped down with another stomach-wrenching twist twenty feet in two seconds as Dirk rapidly adjusted the port stabilizers with ease.
I did not close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Concentrate. Relax. Focus.
My healing talent controlled the urge to vomit up the rich, bitter bile from my fluttering stomach through a tight esophagus right now.
The carrier ship punched down through the heavy sheet of green colored rain and massive hurricane winds, flying into the eye of hurricane without wind currents, raindrops, hail balls, and clouds, but trouble. I sighed with aliveness.
I viewed a tiny golden colored island, without a single tree or a single house or a single person. The yellow sunshine bombarded the sand making each grain sparkle with happiness.
Inside the cockpit, pilot Dirk controlled the descend on the ship with ease then halted within flat winds, slowly dropping down, landing on top of the golden sands in the center of a small island. I sighed with curiosity.
Inside the pilot chair, Dirk exited the ship first and stood on top of white colored sand, surveying the new landscape in silence.
Inside the front passenger seat, Rita opened her hatch door and stood upright on top of the white tinted sands, pointing her maser at the rear door, shouting out loud to Starra. “Get out now!” She must possess an iron clad stomach along with her iron clad heart perfectly matching her iron steel personality and her boyfriend stupid and steady Dirk. She reached over and held a finger on the red button, which shot out a deadly red colored maser ray at her enemy. I sighed with doom.
Inside the rear bench, I continued to sit and rolled my two eyeballs, sliding over the smooth leather seat, slamming the rear door open, exiting the carrier ship. I stood upright and smiled at Rita. “No prob! I wanna puke up my breakfast muffin anyways,” laughing.
Dirk continued to survey the land and chuckled with Starra, spinning around to face the southern landscape on the island. “Come this way, Starra!”
“Is this way to the tanning salon or my new vacation spot or the way home?” I spun around and left the hatch door open in case of a planned escape in this ship while leaving Dirk and Rita alone here on this tiny unknown island. Three days later, I would come back and get them, maybe. I sighed with amusement.
Rita back stepped from Starra and dashed around the front bumper on the ship, pointing the maser barrel at her rib cage, moving parallel with Starra. She scanned the new landscape with confusion. “All I see is water for miles, probably thousands of miles.” She stopped and stood beside Dirk, dropping the maser down by her leg, still scanning the tiny island with puzzlement.
I stopped and stood a few feet behind from the back spine on Dirk while surveying the land with a smile. “So, this is the southern hemisphere location on Planet Bonita.” The island is measured fifty feet wide by fifty feet long and is covered in white colored sand grains, without a shade tree or a man-made hut or a single pretty wildflower plus a bombardment of heated rays of sunlight without cloud coverage inside a raging hurricane. The island resembles a circular sand bar in the middle of a vast ocean of black waters rather than a true ocean island with a pair of fun water vehicles, several naked guys, and numerous alcoholic strawberry daiquiris.

Yeah, baby, I like to stare at the colorful magazines, too.


I mentally flashed back past, into the history of Planet Earth, when I had studied the tropical islands on the communication globe at my home on Starbelt Plantation.

The picture book had shown and detailed an island surrounded by blue clear sparking salt water.

However, once the gang of nasty earthlings had allowed the polluted air to drift over both the ocean seas and land masses, the toxic pollution poisoned the precious land minerals absorbing each toxin down into the ocean salt water, creating numerous sewer seas and poisonous ocean islands.


Then, I mentally flash back present, into the fourth alien timeline, as far as my eyeballs could see, a single body of water was surrounded the tiny island. The water exhibited a dark, black, murky, and eerie hue, without a single ocean wave hitting a tiny island. The tiny island did not possess plants, trees, buildings, grass, flowers, birds, fowl, fish, snakes, worms, mammals, and monsters. Well, there was one, maybe two monsters presented, if you counted Queen Rita.
“Starra, come over here!” Dirk squatted down and leaned over into the dark black water, holding a shiny black colored mini-bot in both his of palms.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Rita squatted down on top of the sand and reached over, touching his left collar bone while peeking down into the black tinted murky water.
I slid each naked foot and squashed the soft white warm sand between my tiny pink painted toes that I had colored last night for Rann, who was absent, but was coming. I sighed with promise.
“Come here! Down there.” Dirk pointed down into the black water while studying the mini-bot.
“Come here! Down there!” Rita repeated, because she was a dumb bubblehead while staring down into the black tinted ocean water.
I stopped and stood beside Dirk, repeating my inner evil thoughts. I should push both of their folded bodies for fun and giggles down into the black colored water. I looked down and exhaled with annoyance at the black tinted ocean water, where I could not see beyond the white sands with my two eyeballs. “I’m here. What’s down there?” I repeated, because I was concerned about my person. I sighed with worry.
“The black diamond.” Dirk smiled down at the black tinted water.
“The black diamond?” Rita repeated, because she was a dumb bubblehead and smiled down at the black tinted ocean water.
“The black diamond!?” I repeated, because I was deeply concerned about my person now. I sighed with badness.
He stood upright and pivoted to Starra. Rita stood upright from the sand and spun around with a sneer to Starra. Dirk spread one arm over the ocean water, without jumping down and dying inside the murky ocean, saying with a smile. “Every five hundred years a black diamond can be extracted out from the ocean floor. Today marks precisely 500 years, one day, and ten hours, since the last retrieval event of black diamond. One perfectly precious mineral is located within a secret cenote inside the dark depths of this murky water which is straight down there. Your mission is to retrieve the black diamond for me, Starra,” he smiled with a nod.
I continued to stand and shook my silver tinted curls in silence without performing a retrieval trick for an evil person. I sighed with danger.
“Cenote?” Rita repeated and stared at Starra, because she was a dumb bubblehead.
“Cenote?” I repeated and stared at Dirk, because I was very deeply concerned about my person.
“Cenote means a cave, sweetie.” Dirk leaned over and hugged Rita for love and protect.
I waved both of my arms over my hair roots and yelled out loud still shaking my curls at Dirk, “No! No! No! No!” Then I stomped my two bare feet down in the warm sand without making any noise.
“Get in the water, Starra!” He sneered and continued to hug Rita. She grinned and nodded to Starra in silence.
“No, I hate getting my hair wet.” I smiled and exhaled with amusement.
“Get into the water.” He pointed down to the water with a growl.
“And if I do not obey your sucky command, Dirk?” I frowned.
“Kill her!” Rita made a deathly decision and pulled out her stored maser from the pocket of her red colored jumpsuit, aiming the cold barrel at Starra. I sighed with big annoyance.
“Don’t harm Starra! She is more valuable alive rather than dead.” He reached over and jerked the maser from Rita’s hand, storing it inside his cape. I sighed with victory.
“I refuse.” I continued to wave both of my arms in the air and shook my body sideways with drama while sneering at Dirk.
“I’ll kill Rann.” Dirk growled.
“No! You want kill me, because I’ll kill you, first, Dirk,” I stomped each naked foot and gritted my teeth, sneering at him.
“You can surely try, Starra.” Dirk chuckled. 
“I will surely succeed, Dirk.” I exhaled with annoyance.
He nodded with a grin. “Do you remember our new axiom here within each timeline? Once dead…” He allowed the two words to linger with the rest of the popular and deathly axiom within the air waves and bounced around her neurons.
I gasped then gritted my teeth, hissing at him. Dirk understood too well that death theory. I sighed with death.
Once a citizen within the present alien timeline dies, his or her live fate is another death act inside the next alien timeline, based on each one of my past death experiences of citizens that do not exist here within the current alien timeline. Dirk possesses this piece of valuable information for his revenge rule.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Numerous nobles and commoners have died from numerous types of natural catastrophes and man-made incidents within each alien timeline which had mostly been created and caused by Lord Dirk. However, each dead citizen does come back for a short period of time and then dies quickly, leaving the current alien timeline foreverly.


I mentally flashed back past, within the third alien timeline, when Ty had died with his set of internal wounds.


Then, I mentally flashed present, into the fourth alien timeline, Ty was not present here with his best bud Rann. I sighed with sadness.
“What are you talking about, sweetie?” Rita cuddled with Dirk and stared with a confused brow at Starra.
“Don’t worry, sweetie.” He reached down and lifted kissing her naked hand, pulling back with a smile at Starra.
I exhaled with worry and surrendered to my fate. The life force of Rann will cease, if Dirk or Rita or another party murders his body. Then, Rann leaves the universe, permanently. I pointed with a worried brow at the vehicle. “Can I use the ship?”
He shook his red colored hair roots with a grin. “The flying machine won’t survive the water depth and decompression.”
“Can I use a submergible bot?”
“A mechanical bot or robot will not survive either.”
I pointed at Rita and laughed out loud, “Can I use Rita?”
Dirk quickly released Rita and reached out, jerking the forearm on Starra, pulling her into his ugly horse face with his smelly bad breath. 
I turned my face and gritted my teeth from the pain. I sighed with pain.
He snarled at her cheekbone and sneered into her eardrum, mouth drooling on her face, “You will survive, Starra. And we both know why.”
I turned and wiped off his salvia and held my breath, sneering into his face. “Since, we both know why. Why don’t you go and get it? You will survive, because you’re an a ...”
“…alien…” he released Starra and shoved her backwards from his face, leaning over, hugging Rita with a chuckle. “I am not. But you are the talented and young alien here.”
I stumbled backwards and then halted with a laugh, staring at Dirk. “I wasn’t thinking that word which begins with that letter of A. I was referencing your person as an a ...” 
“Now!” He released Rita and reached out, grabbing the forearm on Starra, pulling her into his face again. Rita stood and nodded to Starra in silence. He leaned into the nose bridge and whispered to Starra, “Rann will die by my hand. I promise this, Starra. Once dead within the new time line, a dead person doesn’t live to see the sunset within the next time line which is created by you.” He would really find and then kill Rann, if Starra did not perform this stupid trick. He released Starra and shoved her backwards again with a sneer. “Our debate is finished here. You lose.”
I stumbled backwards and then stopped a few inches from his sissy push. I was both defeated and deflated with his string of death words, bowing my head to his victory, saying with a smooth tone. “So, you win.” I looked up and cocked back my arm, pitching my folded fist into his nose bridge, hearing my giggle and a soft crunch. His pale, pointy nose bridge beautifully exploded into plumes of red tinted blood proteins. I laughed out loud and pointed at the ugly face, wiggling my body with joy and happiness. I sighed with victory.
Rita reached down and snatched the maser from Dirk’s pocket, aiming it at Starra, shouting out loud, “Now, you die, alien!”
He rubbed his busted nose bridge with one hand and wiggled the free hand, performing his T-grab with his telekinesis on the stationary maser inside Rita’s cupped hand and then executed a T-lift on the weapon in the air, grinning with two black eye sockets at Starra. “No! Starra will get her reward later. I promise.” Rita folded both of her arms while watching the hovering maser in the air wave with confusion.
I waved both of my arms in the air in the air and shook my curls. “Now, I’m ready, Dork.” I spun around and faced the black colored ocean water with a fake smile. I sighed with doom.
Above the water surface and at the edge of the sand, I reached out and dipped my naked foot down into the shallow, warm black colored water, moving down, stopping at the height of my two naked kneecaps in the water. I spun around and stood upright on top of smooth and slightly sloped continental shelf which descended into the deeper black tinted ocean currents, facing Dirk. I sighed with wetness.
He reached down and pulled out an object, pitching the object to Starra with a smile.
I caught the object and lifted it into my freckles. The devise fit my facial dimensions perfectly. I removed it and saved the limited pocket of fresh air supply.
Dirk smiled. “The object is called a re-breather. The re-breather will recycle breathable air for 30 minutes…”
“I get only thirty minutes of breathable air for a deep dive down into the deep non-blue ocean waters into a freaking cave, where I didn’t know the location. That’s diving fifteen minutes of air down and then fifteen minutes of breathable air up to the surface, Dirk.” I gasped in shock and shook my curls down at the object.
“You’re correct. However, there is an additional one minute of reserve air, just in case.” He laughed with Rita.
I gasped in alarm and looked up with fear. “Just in case of what, Dirk?”
“Just in case, you miss your mark the first time and need to back track and then retrieve the black diamond from its warm cave home. That’s why you’re going to enjoy this diving lesson.” He leaned his bloody nose into her face.
I frowned. “Can’t you spare more air tanks or something with more air supply? I’m a human, not a goddess. I do need to breathe air from dying like a dead body, idiot. Does it cost too many currs?”
“This is the best technology that I could afford as I do not possess too many currs either.” He chuckled.
I exhaled with deep concern and looked down at the black tinted water without seeing my naked toes. “Great, I’m going to die...”
“…not after you retrieve the black stone…” He laughed.
I continued to survey the ocean water without seeing my ankle bones either, “Thanks for the vote of confidence.”
“I have faith that you will hit your target on mark and on time,” he laughed with Rita.
I continued to survey the black water without seeing my naked kneecaps either. “How far down is the cave?”
“The cavern is located three miles down into the deep ocean.”
“Are the three miles nautical or statute miles?” I continued to survey the black tinted ocean seeing my exposed and semi-naked upper thighs that lounge above the cold and black tinted water surface. I sighed with death.
“Nautical or statute, does it really matter, now?” He frowned down at her silver tinted hair roots.
I looked up and growled at Dirk, “Yeah, man! It really does matter when not breathing oxygen in the water.”
He looked up to see the pale blue sky and then over to see Rita, winking at her with a laugh. She laughed with Dirk. He viewed and smiled at Starra. “The cave is three nautical miles.”
I nodded and mentally calculated the math inside my head.
There is 6,076 feet in one nautical mile. Three miles down will equal 18,228 feet, so if I possess 15 minutes of contained air supply inside the re-breather diving down to get the black diamond stone, then I will dive at 1,215.2 feet-per-minute.

Wow! I’m good.

I looked up and frowned. “Is there some type of surface communications coming from you, Dirk?”
He pointed to his forehead with a laugh. “Use your telepathy.” 
That means no person is going to help me.
I slapped my wet clothing consisting of a sleeveless top and a short tutu skirt, “Do I receive a wet diving suit?”
“Use your telemetabolics.” He wiggled both of hands over his body with a laugh.
That means, I must control my body temperature at a steady rate when I’m swiftly diving down through the black and cold ocean waters towards three miles.
I frowned. “Is the stone embedded or loose within its warm nest, Dirk?”
“The diamond is happily embedded in its cave home.”
I presented my two naked palms with worry. “Do I get a set of tools for retrieving the embedded diamond from the cave stone?”
“Use your telekinesis.” He waves both of his arms above his red colored hair roots with a laugh.
That means I do receive a weapon, because I might use it on Dirk.
I exhaled with annoyance and point down into the water at my covered naked feet. “Do I receive a pair of flippers?”
“You will dive down into the water, not swim over the wet surface.”
I exhaled with frustration. “What are the specific traveling directions from here and down there inside that cave besides diving down three nautical miles?”
“Use your teleclairvoyance for the correct direction. The cavern is located at the three-mile mark precisely as the information had been secretly whispered from each one of the dead citizens into my Tele eardrum. There is an immense underwater gateway that leads into a vastly flooded labyrinth of air breathing caverns. Some of the caves lead to more submerged tunnels that honeycomb the entire seabed. Once you find the correct passage, it leads to an open lagoon with additional breathable air on the other side of the sea wall. The rest is up to you, Starra.”
“Tell me again! Why you can’t perform his Tele trick, Dick?” I sneered at Dirk.
“Dive now, girl!” He pointed the cold maser barrel at her golden freckles with a sneer and jabbed a free finger at the water. I sighed with doom.
I continued to stand in the cold water and laughed out loud with fake confidence. “A dead body ain’t buoyant, buddy.”
“You’re not dead yet. Get moving now, Starra, before the daylight ends!” He wiggled a free hand and still held the cold maser barrel at her face with a growl of annoyance.
I bent my two kneecaps with a wink and performed at T-leap up from the water, flying in the air, performing a complete somersault. I faced the water and extended my body out vertically, diving down towards the water surface. I held my nose and hit the water, tasting warm, not salty liquid. This was fresh water. I sighed with intrigue.
I curved my body underneath the water and swam up towards the surface, popping out with a smile, holding the re-breather devise on my hand, kicking my legs in the water. I treaded water like a swimmer and exhaled with both fear and fright. “Are there any other deep-sea ugly creatures from the black lagoon or a pod of hungry sharks with sharp teeth or something else bigger than me and desires to eat me for its lunch meal down here, Dirk?”
“Go and get the stone now.” He growled. I sighed with fear.
“I’ll be back.” I winked with a smile to Dirk.
Rita continued to stand and helplessly watched without any Tele magic tricks like her boyfriend Dirk, slapping her chest with a laugh. “And I’ll be waiting right here for you, Starra.” Dirk only nodded with a laugh.
On top of the water surface, staring at Dirk, whom I feared more, I placed the breathing mask over my face as an array of warm, humid air encircled around my earlobes, nostrils, lips, and eye lashes.
I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Concentrate. Relax. Focus.
Stay calm!
I opened my eyelashes and saw two monsters…naw…Dirk and Rita within my terrible daydream. I executed a T-build with my telemetabolics and built an air-contained T-bubble around my vertical body first.  Then I forced my invisible T-bubble with my body down into the warm water while rapidly descending downward further away from the safety of the land island and deeper into the black tinted murky depths of the ocean. My body could feel the outside water temperature measurement of 85° degrees Fahrenheit, which cuddled around my T-bubble like a warm blanket as the re-breather was abnormally quiet, without releasing any air bubbles.
I opened my eyeballs and performed a T-view with teleclairvoyance seeing a vast stretch of open water between the continental land rock ledge above me and the undersea volcanic basalt mount below me. I sighed with beauty.
I closed my two gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Concentrate. Relax. Focus.
Below the water surface, I swiftly dropped down from the water surface passing the 1,215.2 feet marker, feeling a pop sensation. My two inner ears quickly adjusted to the new level of water pressure with the water temperature measurement changes from 85°F down to 75° degrees Fahrenheit. Salinity pellets formed on both of my naked arms. The water hue became clear and blue colored, instead of murky dark black tint.
I could see an ancient sunken warship with an intact tall mast, a row of naked steel poles, without the sailing flags, and an empty deck, where each dead walking sailor ghost was resting with sleep.
I quickly continued to dive inside my T-bubble and passed the 3,645.6 feet marker, feeling a pop sensation. My earwax adjusted to the new level and as my two eyeballs viewed red tinted water current. My fingers felt the water temperature measure increase from 75° Fahrenheit to 110° degrees Fahrenheit, without a scientific explanation. My T-view with my teleclairvoyance viewed a vast abyssal low sea bed plains and then high mountains that glowed through the red tinted water.
I performed a T-zap with my teleclairvoyance on one of the larger glowing sea mammals that slowly swam through the deep water within the aphotic zone, where the solar sunlight lost its bright transference through the deep dark water. Each glowing sea mammal playfully attacked a row of orange colored bush plants along the seamount inside the yellow colored kelp beds that provided some mouth food and a home nest to spawn more glowing monster thingies.
I quickly continued to dive safely inside my T-bubble and passed the 8,506.4 feet marker, feeling a pop sensation within my eardrums while equalizing the water pressure even with my biological body.
The water turned into pink hue with a water temperature measurement of 60° degrees Fahrenheit. The sea bed was decorated with coral reefs. Each reef was built on top of a red colored rocky outcrop on the ocean floor exhibiting a rainbow of colors from pink, bright yellow, aqua, orange, mint, lavender, and white. Numerous tiny schools of fish encircled through each reef.
I identified by my neurons and my eyeballs various sea aqua natives consisting of sea stars, sea horses, minnows, gold fish, angel fish, turtles, snakes, and other marine organisms.
I continued to dive and passed the 10,936.8 feet marker, feeling the pop sensation within my eardrums. The water currents were smooth and white colored, which was really weird. The water temperature measurement was cold at 10° degrees Fahrenheit, which was freezing water but not solid mass of ice bergs. Numerous tiny shaped ice crystals floated around my T-bubble Rows of ice icicles line the walls on the continental shelf from this weird-o ocean section inside the southern tip on Planet Bonita.
Through my T-bubble, I felt cold and heavy, looking down at my feet. Small white colored particles were adhering to my bubble, which was ice chunks. My arms and legs were heavy and ached with coldness. I quickly danced sideways with my bare feet and brushed away the smooth crystals which were very cold-feeling even through the Tele bubble. I executed a tighter T-bubble around my body for warmth and controlled my aching muscles. I wrapped both of my arms around my chest keeping my interior inners both hot and heat.
I descended faster and finished my task, passing the 15,797.6 feet marker, feeling the pop sensation within my eardrums. The water current were emerald green hue and sparkles, which was very pretty, without schools of fish, a sea mountain, a coral reef, a sea plant, a glowing sea mammal, and a sea monster. The water temperature measurement was 80° degrees Fahrenheit coming from a local hydro-thermal vent along the mid-ocean ridge expelling out streams of bubbling hot water from a hidden spring inside the ocean current.
I continued to dive and passed the 18,228 feet marker, which was the three-mile mark right below the tiny island with Dirk as I sucked on the air container inside my borrowed re-breather, hearing a pop sensation. My two inner eardrums adjusted to the new level of ocean water.
I whispered within the face mask, “I’m here.” An orange horizontal stream of water flowed out from the exposed cave entrance. I sighed with victory.

Come here! Welcome! An invisible body connected, linked, and Tele talked to Starra.

I halted in the water with confusion after hearing the words; but I did not have time to investigate the new life form. Or, it was Dirk, who played with my mental mind 18,228 feet below the water surface.

Strange things happen, ya’ll!

I swam ahead inside the water temperature measurement of a balmy 90° degrees Fahrenheit, which was both heated and salty. I tasted salt inside my mouth as a set of tiny droplets leaked through the re-breather devise. I sighed with caution.
I continued to swim into the cavern mouth and tasted the ocean mineral of salt, seeing three walls of orange hue which form the interior walls. I continued to bend both of my arms and legs swimming like a frog through the cavern as the water level dipped down and displayed rows of dull-tipped yellow and pink colored a ceiling stalactites and valley of stalagmites.
Then the water level dropped down two feet in height and exposed the naked ceiling of yellow and pink sharply edged stalactites. I switched into a dog pedal move swimming through the low water using a set of cupped hands and toe bones while seeing an assortment of fluttering red and purple flora and fauna that grew way down on the cave floor, each side wall up towards the covered ceiling of stalactites. The environment was both pretty and deadly.
I stumbled and stumped my big toe bone over some of the orange colored flora that rose up from the cave floor and continued to don the face mask for breathing air, but my eyeball visibility was very clear.
The water level dropped below my hair roots and stood even at my waistline. I saw and felt an intense and heated light source that burned my exposed skin parts. I stood upright like a woman with a huff of worry and continued to wear the face mask, slowly sloshing ahead through the water toward a sandy shore of dull colored white sand, brown mud, red clay, and black silt.
I walked in a steady pace and reserved my limited Tele strength before accessing the black diamond, so I could quickly and safely ascend back up to the water surface, dragging my wet and tired body on the tiny island sands, then I beat the shit of Dirk and stuff Rita back into the glove compartment on the carrier ship. Then, I would fly back home to Planet Commerce and marry Prince Rann while continuing the fourth alien timeline with my happy life. I sighed with meanness.
Inside the cave floor, the water level swirled down around my bare feet as and my wet hair roots avoided a low ceiling of short stalactites while dropping down individual heated moisture molecules onto each one of my naked collar bones. My toe bones were softly warmed inside the floor’s hot water. I continued to move slowly towards the edge of a yellow rock formation and pulled the re-breather from face.
I stuck out my tongue and tasted tiny sprinkles of dripping salt minerals within the air current and slowly inhaled stale moist air molecules through my parted lips, not my two nose holes, quickly exhaling the tainted cave air currents. The air mixture was not exactly the right parts of oxygen and hydrogen that usually surrounded my upright healthy body on top of any landmass surface. The cave mixture was a lighter compound with a heavy mix of nitrogen. I sighed with carefulness.
The medical condition of nitrogen narcosis came from the lack of too little oxygen and too much poisonous nitrogen entering a set of healthy biological lungs on a life form.
The air pressure inside the cave also tightened and squeezed both of my two lungs while experiencing an internal burn sensation on each lung coming from each inhaled nitrogen salt particle. I sighed with completion.
I closed my white tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Concentrate. Relax. Focus.
I stood in place and performed a T-scan with my teleclairvoyance, surveying the hidden interior within the colorful, bright cavern walls, executing a T-probe with my telepathy, reaching out and touch the wall with my finger.
The sea cave had formed during the Ice Age here on current Planet Bonita, when the landmass had become flooded with downpours of fresh rain water and then the landscape froze like mounts of ancient glacial ice cubes. A few miles of landmass at sea level had swiftly broken off and then fallen down millions of feet from the earth surface, landing down inside the cold ocean floor, forming an orange colored sand bank with an occasion cave sinkhole or two that had created this dry and brightly colored cavern. I sighed with surface soil.
On top of the wet cave floor, I performed a T-view with my teleclairvoyance into each forward foot passage ahead of my body. There was not a walking pathway towards the mysterious single light source that flowed with a straight line from point A (me) towards point B (stone). I sighed with annoyance.
On top of the wet cave, floor, I opened my eyelashes and then metaphysically followed my two Tele eyeballs moving towards a bright yellow-whitish light source and as a splash of hot cave water drowned each naked toe bone on top of the white, steamy floor surface.
I moved ahead and entered an area of new colored walls. The entrance mouth inside the cavern had displayed the hue of orange. Now, I wobbled side to side through wet cave floor seeing each light brown tinted side wall through the passage. The water temperature measurement had increased exponentially with each one of my naked foot fall currently at 114 degrees Fahrenheit of heat. My body sweated out water and as each salt particle stung each eyeball and all my naked flesh. I sighed with hotness.
The brown colors prettily changed into a set of brightly lavender tinted side walls with a matching ceiling with an assortment of slowly drifting mint green gas pockets of stream which comes from the cave floor. The air temperature measured at 136 degrees Fahrenheit of heat.

Yeah, baby, I feel the heated and hotness, now, without a man.

I junked then jolted my sweaty body around each gas pockets and advanced ahead toward a tiny vertical crack of faint light inside a dark blue rock forward wall. The lighted crack was very small for one lucky alien that stood five feet and one inch in height. I sighed with shortness.
I turned sideways and leaned over, squeezing my thin body through the slim crack, in-between two narrow smooth rock sides, and then emerge into the opposite side with a loud grunt. I stumbled out and fell on my two naked kneecaps, landing on top of soft mud of gray hue with a soft moan of delight. Beams of bright light attacked my two eyeballs causing temporary blindness within the light.

Yeah, you try and figure out that one!

I closed my white tinted eyelashes and performed a T-see with my teleclairvoyance.
The three and three/fourths black colored walls stood solid, without water drops, and contained scattered large drifting plumes of white colored salt minerals. Each salt mineral was extremely super-heated based my Tele powers. The breathable air into my body measured 160 degrees Fahrenheit of heat.

Yeah, baby, this place is freaking, sizzling hot, still without a naked man.

Each salt particle danced in the air coming from each wall and floated around my freckles falling with gravity on the floor as my flesh like a pin prick. I quickly stood upright from the cave floor and slowly jerked out a right naked foot that was covered in gray mud with a slurping sound. I giggled at the funny sound. I dropped down a right foot and dragged out a left foot slowly advancing ahead towards the forward wall of black rock, moving about eighteen inches. I stopped with alarm.
My Tele senses pinged: a presence.
I slowly sloshed with one foot and then slurped with the other foot through the thick gray mud ahead toward the forward wall and as my eyeballs viewed a hollow square-shaped cavity which was outlined in glowing white tinted salt flakes around the open mouth, but the interior space was colored in midnight dark. I advanced to the cavity and stared into the dark hole without seeing an object with my regular two eyeballs.
I closed my white tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Concentrate. Relax. Focus.
I perform a T-see with my teleclairvoyance and gasp out loud, seeing a single black colored irregular shaped diamond stone which was nestled like a bird egg inside a pouch of total darkness that hid from my normal eyesight but not my two Tele eyeballs. I sighed with intrigue.
A diamond formation was really a heated chemical process of both salt and water over a long, long period of chronological time which was measured in terms of billions of years, so this explained the heat and light inside each rock wall, the muddy floor, and the wet salty ceiling that cooked up each natural ingredient, like baking a sweet cake. I liked sweet cake and I liked to eat and then lived too. I sighed with Dirk.
I kept my two white tinted eyelashes shut and continued to perform a T-view on each rock wall. The wall was composed of a solid array of black crystals that sparkled from its own energy. I continued to slowly slosh ahead and extended my arm while wiggling my fingers towards the grand prize inside the dark hole and as my Tele eardrums heard a set of soft words that were talking into my mental mind. I sighed with mystery.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I halted in place with my eyelashes shut and experienced worry, squeezing the mud proteins between my naked toes while not desiring to touch that diamond stone. However, I had no choice here.
Dirk will leave the island, without Starra, and then kill Rann.

Once dead, always gone!

“I hate you, Dirk. I will return back to the surface and then finish you with my kill act, keeping the stone and my man Rann, all at the same time.” I growled with fury and blocked out my Tele powers. I shook my curls with a sneer. “I don’t need my Tele powers right now to retrieve a stupid rock from a dark hole.”
On top of the muddy floor, I slowly slurped ahead with both legs through the thick gray muddy floor and extended my arm in the air toward a dark hole. I sighed with fear.
I stopped and kissed the black tinted wall and as each salt particle touched then burned my naked skin flesh, tiling my neck sideways. I kissed the wall with my lips and cheekbone, wiggling all my fingers towards the dark stone, posing an index finger tip and thumb pad over the black diamond. I performed a T-see at a glowing energy thingy, feeling confusion.
A wave of red tinted heat blistered each tip on each digit of my exposed hand coming directly from the stone. I commanded my two digits to work. 
My index finger and thumb pad did not work.
I commanded my brain to work my two digits on my hand.
My brain signals did not work either.
I commanded my heart to work my brain on my two digits and then reach out, touching my index fingernail to the stone. Cool!
My index fingernail felt a wave of cold temperatures coming directly out from the embedded black diamond stone. I sighed with confusion.
I performed a T-scan with my telemetabolics on my upright biological body first. I was still alive and breathing. Then I executed a T-probe on the embedded stone which presented a cold but alive and energy wave pattern. Weird-o!
I wrapped my fingers securely around the small diamond and then violently jerked out my arm with the stone from the dark cavity. The black diamond glistened beautifully between my finger bones in the colors of electric blue, dark red, neon yellow, and dark green sparkles. I sighed with beauty.
I continued to stand in place and stared down at the black diamond with mysterious beauty. I viewed vivid colors, heard loud music and felt coolness that vibrates within my eyeballs, earlobes, and neurons. I did not extend my Tele powers and touched the black diamond stone. I sighed with mission.
I pivoted around with a loud grunt and then slowly sloshed back with a loud huff towards the slender crack on the black tinted rock wall, taking a few minutes of time. I turned sideways and slowly squeezed my body through the narrow rock hallway again, emerging on the opposite side in regular light with a loud puff. I straightened up and swiftly dashed across the smooth floor of lavender colored three and three-fourth walls, running through the light brown enclosed tunnel, until I hit the open orange colored wall, floor, and matching ceiling with waist-high water. I sighed with almost there.
I stopped and stood in place, placing the re-breather over my face, re-starting the oxygen air inside the mask. I performed a T-zap and executed a T-bubble around my body for protection. I slowly performed a dog pedal move then a frog swim through the rest of colorful cavern, reaching the cave entrance of orange hue that led into the warm ocean currents. I sighed with close to there.
I exited the cavern and stood upright in the water, performing a T-lift ascending like a war missile, going straight up the clouds and as my inner eardrums safely popped at each ascending water pressure. I cuddled the diamond into my chest and ignored the varied water colors and water temperatures along the sea floor. I sighed with victory.
Above the water surface, at the edge of the beach on the island, I popped upright through the water in the same spot and release my Tele bubble, ripping off the face mask. I inhaled the right mixture of two parts oxygen and one part of hydrogen gas lining my two lungs, tossing the face mask in the air. The face mask fell then landed in the sand. I sighed with accomplishment.
From the cabana tent, Dirk dashed ahead first like an excited teenager for his first can of cold beer toward Starra and halted on the edge of shoreline, squatting down in the sand, extending a pair of cupped hands towards Starra with a soft chuckle of happiness.
Inside the water, I floated up and down, tossing the black diamond in the air with a smile.
He caught it as the stone sparkled in colorful hues of reds, blues, yellows, pinks, purples, and silver from the bright sunrays.
Rann was going to live foreverly within the fourth alien time line, not Dirk as my mental thoughts quickly shift into my evil intentions.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I performed a Tele search with my telemetabolics as my Tele eardrums heard an odd noise that belches below my beating legs. Then I felt an odd touch of something gently touch my left naked leg within the black murky water. I looked down and scanned the blackness with nervously panic. “Dirk, you told me. You said that there were no sea monsters down here.”
On top of the sand, he continued to squat in the sand and stared with a smile down at the black diamond stone. “I lied.”
“Stang!” I screamed out loud and performed a T-scan with all my powers using telepathy, telekinesis, telemetabolics and teleclairvoyance. A true sea monster was located down there near my legs which looked like a swimming centipede. I whispered with annoyance. “I really hate bugs.”
The centipede was an ugly creature with millions of protruded short tentacles around its long rectangular body is like a big fugly, ugly bug. The bug body was composed of clear translucent hue and measured eighty-five feet in length with three sets of pink eyes and two sets of red tinted lips with fifteen sets of small fangs.
I viewed each pink internal organ inside the bug that beat inside its clear chest consisting of a two-chambered heart for life, secretory cells for food, and a swim bladder for poop. The bug resided inside the orange cavern while lurking, living, and eating within each lighted passageway for millions of years. 
I had felt an invisible presence through my Tele powers inside the cavern. Now, I understood. The presence was not the stone. The light source was not the stone. The presence and the light source came from the bug as it had followed Starra up from the cave and onto the ocean surface, wanting its possession back, the black colored diamond.
“Speleonectes lucayensis.” He continued to squat in the sands and smiles down at the stone.
“What!” I gasped in panic in the water and looked up to see Dirk while recognizing part of the scientific name. Speleothem is a dry cave with an underwater river.
“That’s the name of the inland for the blind cave fish.”
“What!” I looked down and searched the dark water for a fugly, ugly, invisible buggy thing.
“This is your reward, Starra.” He continued to squat and smiled down at the black diamond.
“Dirk!” I continued to float and swim while looking down inside the black murky water.
He looked up and cuddled the stone into his chest, smiling down at Starra. “You should have read that ancient red colored Book during the first timeline from Lady Starra, Starra.”
“What!” I gasped in fury. The centipede attacked both of my beating legs underneath the water. “Ah!” I screamed out loud and looked down into the darkness of the water.
The bug body folded my upright body into its abdomen and as I felt intense pain, experiencing terrible panic. I had tossed away the re-breather devise. I could not breathe in water. I needed to breath fresh air. The external skin on the sea monster heated my body, burning my skin, melting my flesh into its abdomen. Then, each one of the 800 individual short tentacles reached out and wrapped around the rest of her body, swiftly descending with its meal back down into deep depths of black murky ocean water.
Inside the abdomen of the bug, I could not move. My external skin had merged with the bug and burned my skin with pain. My regular eyeballs burned from sea water and my nose bleed blood proteins while my eardrums popped from the water pressure without a T-bubble around my naked body. My two lungs strained for air and as my brain was confused with dizziness. My heart skipped numerous serious beats and then my brain froze like an ice cube. My lungs flooded with ocean water and as my head ached. Then, my heart stopped.
I totally fainted into darkness.

Unknown planet. Unknown place. Unknown day
Early morning time period


Again, I sat numbingly in my assigned seat and blinded purposefully with my two eyelashes closed, not moving, not thinking, and not praying. I felt alive and thankful for my new survival.
I un-belted the two seat restraints and opened my two gray-tined eyelashes, popping off my dirty Tele astronaut space suit helmet, leaping up from the pilot chair. I spun around to face the rear wall and gasped in alarm, viewing half of my pilot chair, but my body was fully intact along with my long, wavy, sweaty gray hair.
I swung back around and viewed a cracked but intact forward windshield, wearing a sour frown, leaning down into the dirty metal console instrument panel and studied the active long-distance geographical radar screen. The radar picture displayed a scene of rough land terrain. I sighed with surprise.
I viewed a tall range of green tinted mountains on my left side and groves light green colored trees, low-lying plant bushes, and other plant foliage on my right side. A dry crooked narrow vehicle path stood in the middle of a dead brown planet.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I looked up with a stern face and viewed a dirt road through the cracked windshield, spinning around, slowly moving ahead to the self-made archway that exposed the other half of the cockpit. I stopped with a smile and stood on the edge of cockpit floor, looking down with a giggle, performing a Tele leap from the uneven floor and then executed a Tele halt in the air waves, for fun. I executed a slow Tele glide down towards the brown colored ground and performed a Tele landing, slowly standing upright from the dirt, wearing a smile, swinging around to face a new object in the far distance, whispering for my eardrums only, “There is a new structure thirteen miles northeast of my pose.”
I looked up with a smile and scanned a bright yellow sun and a pale blue sky, looking look down at the smooth brown tinted soil, blinking back my wet tears of both happiness and horror. I looked up and stared into the groves of green colored forest as my active mind recalled an impromptu meeting with new people, places, planets, and palaces.
I had, somehow and someway, scientifically traveled back through space and time visiting this galaxy, four times now.
“I’m back, as the alien.” I slowly moved ahead with a smile and shook my gray bangs down into my two silver tinted eyelashes while hearing the thunder, seeing a flash of lightning bolts in the close geographical distance, then I halted, gasping in fear. I performed a Tele speed using my telekinesis over the rough dirt heading for shelter while screaming in annoyance, “No! Don’t rain on me!”

Citizens of the unknown universe:

Ann, Lady of Bonita
Bartholomew, Baron of Agri
Bea, Countess of Ice
Dee, Marquise of Resort
Dirk, Lord of Bonita
Dov, Count of Ice
Ivan, General of Militia
Ito, Priest of Bio
Ivy, Baronetess of Agri
Jo, Governess of Uni
Jon, Governor of Uni
Kona, Major of Militia
Lad, Viscount of Tech
Las, Priestess of Bio
Mar, Generalette of Militia
Rann, Prince of Sahara
Rex, King of Commerce
Rita, Queen of Commerce
Rosa, Lady of Bonita
Roy, Marquis of Resort
Tok, Marquis of Resort
Ty, Administrator of Sahara
Viv, Princess of Sahara
Zak, Baronet of Agri


Planets of the unknown universe:

Agri, planet of food and livestock or Food World
Bio, planet of medical facilities
Bonita, planet of land
Commerce, planet of Royal family and the Game
Ice, planet of snow and ice
Militia, space station of honor guards, pilots, police
Resort, planet of casinos and entertainment center
Sahara, planet of prisoners or Prison Planet
Tech, planet of technology or Tech World
Uni, planet of school
Wall, divider between the two solar suns
Bots of the unknown universe:


Abot, agricultural robot
Bbot, biological robot
Cbot, conqueror robot
Dbot, door robot
Ebot, evacuation robot
Fbot, football robot
Gbot, guard robot
Hbot, housekeeping robot
Ibot, inn robot
Jbot, jury robot
Kbot, kitchen robot
Lbot, lady robot
Mbot, messenger robot
Nbot, news robot
Obot, orchestra robot
Pbot, pilot robot
Qbot, etiquette robot
Rbot, repair robot
Sbot, service robot
Tbot, testing robot
Ubot, “U better not run” robot
Vbot, love robot
Xbot, excavation robot
Ybot, yard robot
Zbot, zipper robot

Present alien day, place, space and time continues…


Alien Day 102


16th hour (early evening)
Auditorium location
Militia Ball Dinner and Dance event
Parted clouds without moonlight and cold temperatures


I strolled ahead over the smooth wooden floor and wore the stole gray tinted outfit coming from the Bonita closet at that abandoned warehouse, after I had been chased off Planet Bonita by the police force which had been sent by General Ivan, investigating a faint strange bright light within the building of non-existent people but one alien. I sighed with amusement.
I had hurriedly escaped and safely landed in that same rusty zipper ship on Planet Commerce, where I had successfully tested as a pilot zipper and then reluctantly joined the Militia. I gotta eat too.
Now, I continued to stroll around each pod of stationary pilots and scanned the orange colored interior inside the ancient red building, where each wall needed a coat of fresh paint and some serious tender loving care. One of the wall corners was missing people, paint, plaster, and staves of wood for some reason. If my Tele eyeballs were perfect and they were, then I could Tele-see a tiny gray colored mouse that peaked its pink tinted nose and two beady black colored eyeballs over the bottom wood while looking over the food for spilled food items. I sighed with confusion.
The room smelled like sweat and burnt ashes coming from a different wall corner, where a fire had burned out the paint, plaster, and wooden staves. I sighed with puzzlement.
Rann must be very busy as the king of the universe within the newly formed alien timeline. He usually did not allow any structure to appear ugly and damaged like the internal walls inside the ancient red colored auditorium. I sighed with confusion again.
However, I continued to stroll ahead over the wooden floor and looked adorably in a gray colored sleeveless shirt with a V-shaped neckline that flowed in front of my chest and then back down my back spine which was covered in baby diamonds that twinkled underneath the artificial lamps on the ceiling. Each tiny diamond had traveled from the underground gem mines on Planet Sahara, which had been mined by a group of criminal prisoners.
On top of the dance floor, without a dance partner, I slowly strolled in a prissy, sexy swing and wore a matching pair of shorty-short shorts, which lengthened my two naked legs. I had stolen a pair of matching thigh-high gray tinted leather boots too from the same Bonita closet.
My gray tinted hair flowed elegantly down my back spine. I had washed, dried, and curled it for this awesome event inside my assigned and private one-room bunk on the Militia space station. I sighed with vogue.
Inside the auditorium, I continued to scan an overcrowded, smelly, gigantic room for Rann, the prince of my princess life. I sighed with excitement.
Some of the dancers shuffled in front of my face and then danced away from my sneer. I shuffled off the dance floor, stop, and stood at the edge of the bar counter, viewing a badly damaged side wall in dull orange paint, then scanned the room for Rann. A few feet to my left, a huddle of stationary pilots laughed and held an individual sweaty mug of beer or wine or water.
“What’s this?” One pilot from the huddle dashed ahead, shouted out loud, then stopped, standing at the nose profile on Starra, displaying a mop of blonde colored hair, a wrinkled dark blue Militia pilot uniform. Across the tunic, an empty yellow colored satin sash crossed his chest without a single colorful medal, only a big ego which was attached to his musical tenor timber on Tonk. He reached down with a smile and snatched up a glittering object from the pouch on her thigh-high boot with a chuckle, admiring the diamond studded handle.
The huddle of pilots slowly shuffled sideways then stood around both Starra and Tonk without blocking the side eye view on Starra.
I continued to stand and ignored Tonk while searching the room for Rann. Tonk annoyed my sweet personality from different directions, since the first alien time line. I sighed with murder.
“Congratulations, pilots! You’re official my new kids. I’m the boss.” A tall, fatter, and balder General Ivan ruled the Militia force, which was composed of land, sky, and sea troopers. He shouts out loud into the rotating Nbots or news robots and held a sweaty mug of ale, cuddling his wife Mar. They stopped and stood on top of the purple colored elevated stage for some reason, staring at the scattered huddles of dressed pilots. I sighed with boredom.
On top of the dance floor, beside the side wall, I stared at Ivan and his wife Mar, curling the left side on my mouth up into my left nostril, sneering at Tonk, without seeing him. “It’s a sharp pointy instrument that is used for slicing off wondering fingers and large protruding appendages, Tonk.” The other pilots laughed out loud but Tonk.
He continued to annoy Starra for fun and wiggled the dagger near his smile. “Are you going to start a fight here tonight, Major?”
I continued to stand and gasped in joy. I had been promoted with the Militia rank of major, instead of commander within the new and fifth alien timeline.
On top of the floor, I leaned over and reached out, snatching my dagger from his hand, re-loading it back down into the leather pouch for future usage on his throat muscles.

Just kidding!

I exhaled with annoyance and continued to hunt for Rann, “Just one of my vices, Tonk.”
“Do you have any more vices?” An invisible male stood then voiced back behind the rear skull on Starra.
I stared into the crowd while looking for Rann, grinning with mischievous. “Do you mean virtues?”
“I mean vices. You fly, fight, and dance. What else do you do, Major?” A second invisible male body stood then voiced in his sexy baritone back behind the right eardrum on Starra.
“What else do you, not do?” A third invisible male stood and laughed out loud standing slightly behind her left earlobe.
“Drink.” I exhaled with annoyance and continued to search for Rann, which was so strange.
“Come now, Major! Everyone pilot drinks.” Tonk leaned over and mouth spat towards her cheekbone.
I performed a Tele bubble around my face near Tonk and as the chunk of male spit hit the invisible shield dropping down on the floor. I reached out and tapped two finger pads on the bar counter, pointing at a tall, cool bottle in the corner wall with a smile. “I drink. Bar maiden give me that tall, cool bottle in the wall corner, please.” Wbot floated in place in the middle of the tiny bar floor and thrust out one metal limb towards the tall, cool bottle, wrapping its four metal appendages around the glass, pouring out the beverage for the customer. The same metal hand replaced the bottle then grabbed the tall, cool tumbler of white liquid, drawing back the metal arm, curling the arm around its metal cylinder frame, and placed the sweaty tumbler of white liquid in front of Starra.
The other pilots sniggered with amusement at the Wbot, its robot performance, and the tall, sweaty tumbler of white liquid.
Tonk leaned over and mouth spat his salvia on her cheekbone again, hitting the invisible Tele bubble instead. “You can do better than that, Major.”
“Yeah, I can,” I reached out and touched the sweaty tumbler, grabbing the glass, downing the cool liquid, gently dropping an empty tumbler on top of the hard surface with a smile. I scanned the wall of glass bottles with various colors with a nod. “Well, I guess I can take a major risk tonight,” I laughed and pointed at a second tall, cool bottle of dark liquid, “Pour me a tall, cool glass with the bottle of dark liquid, please, Wbot.”
Wbot continued to float in place and thrust out a metal arm, stopping in front of the tall, cool glass bottle with dark liquid. “Do you want a beverage from this bottle, Major Starra?”
I nodded with a smile and stared at the tall bottle. “Yes, please, I would like a tall, cool tumbler of dark chocolate milk.” I smiled with delight as a pod of loud laughter echoed up into the rafters from each pilot. Wbot performed the same robot moves and poured out cold chocolate milk into a tall glass tumbler handing the beverage to Starra. I touched the glass and scanned the room while drowning the cold milk into my pink-painted lipstick, feeling jealousy.
Rann was located on the opposite side of the auditorium room and chatted with his best bud Ty, his best noble Tok, and his loyal noble Ivan and other royal noblettes, who were wives of royal nobles.
Tok’s indigo colored cloak flowed down from his six feet plus tall frame and over his 300 plus pounds of taunt and tight muscle. General Ivan had seemed to gain more weight around his middle and less weight from his skull which meant he was balder.
I wished to be located over there beside Rann and his noble buddies discussing their hot topic conversation matter. However, I was not a noble lady, but a female commoner and a girl pilot and a teen alien, all in one single disguise, within the fifth alien timeline. I sighed with repeat.


I mentally flashed back past, five hours ago, when I had crash-landed the fiery Earth space shuttle on brown tinted Planet Bonita, exploding the metal evidence, slowly limping toward the old abandoned warehouse for my body shelter.

When I had touched that same metal door knob, I totally had recalled in both loud music within my eardrums and vivid colors inside my eyeballs each past social, economic, financial, and physical event from the previous four alien timelines plus every social, economic, financial, mental, physical, and metaphysical effect had affectionately affected my person and specifically my man Rann.


Then, I mentally flashed back present into the fifth alien timeline. I am earthling Starra Starbelt and measure five feet and one inch in height and weigh-in at ninety-five pounds and one ounce in body mass. I possess a head of long waist-length gray tinted, wavy hair that surrounds a triangle face with a pair of small gray tinted irises. I display a pointy nose and a pair of high cheekbones with a cliff chin that hugs my jaw line, where each facial feature is surrounded by a tone of golden tinted skin tone with scattered brown colored freckles. I am seventeen years old and farm administrator from Planet Earth, not a space outer traveler.
I had been drafted, in force, by Tele leader Peter Martin into a once in a life time intergalactic outer space trip to a new planet within a new galaxy using my Tele magical mental mind powers consisting of telepathy, telekinesis, telemetabolics, and teleclairvoyance.
Now, I have somehow and someway survived the newest alien timeline, without a cosmic clue.

Get this, ya’ll!

My future husband became my future boyfriend first. Prince Rann did not recall my person within his brain cells from any of past four alien timelines as I was a cold, calculating catalyst that caused, created, and chased a new timeline that contained the same beauty and badass natives including Prince Rann, Ambassador Ty, Queen Rita, Lord Dirk, Marquis Tok, General Ivan, Major Tonk and others that I did not feel like naming or remembering at the moment.
Well, I have finally figured out how to stop from forming a new alien timeline, where I will finally stay placed within one space continuum. I marry Rann. I sigh with wedding.
On top of the dance floor, beside the nose profile on Starra, Tonk smiled into her eardrum, “Is that your final list of virtues?” He spoke into her eardrum.
“I don’t chase after women.” I grinned.
“Good one, Starra!” One pilot chuckled with a sexy tenor and stood behind her rear skull.
“You’re all right, kiddo,” a second pilot laughed with a sexy bass and stood beside Tonk.
“O! Does that mean you chase after loose men?” A third pilot laughed in a sexy baritone and stood slightly beside Starra’s arm.
I turned and winked at the cute male, “Only if I can catch them!” Each pilot hooted with laughter enjoying the fun and entertainment event.
“Can I get a date, Major?” A fourth pilot laughed in a sexy bass and stood behind her rear skull with a huddle of other pilots.
“Can I get a dance, Major?” A fifth pilot chuckled in a sexy tenor and stood behind her nose profile.
“Lady Starra, may I have this dance?” A visible tall male with a horse face stood in front of Starra, extending a hand towards Starra. Each pair of eyeballs turned and stared at horse-faced Dirk.
A few bodies between Starra, Tonk gasped in shock then bowed down at his fitted waistline, “King Dirk.” He stood upright and nodded with a smile to the king.
I continued to stand and gasped in shock, staring with a stunned brow at Dirk, who was the king of the universe.

I mentally flashed back past, within the fourth alien timeline, when Prince Rann had been the king of the universe.

On top of the dance floor beside the bar counter, each pilot performed a chin nod to King Dirk in silence.
“Beware to all! She bites.” One of the pilots teased in a sexy baritone and stood behind Starra’s rear skull.
“She stings.” A second pilot laughed in a sexy tenor and stood behind Starra.
Dirk smiled at Starra. “I will be very caution, indeed.”
Once upon a time, he was a puny, punk, pity, lonely, lowly Lord of Nothing. Now, Dirk was the really rude ‘Ruler of the Universe.
Dirk clamped down on her naked forearm and jerked Starra from the huddle of pilots, pulling her into the middle of the dance floor. The other dance couples and individual dancers stopped dancing and quickly slid to the side, parting an empty aisle for Dirk and Starra. Every pair of eyeballs looked and as and each set of eardrums heard the commotion.
Dirk and I held and hug way too close into each other’s chest cavity. I smelled way too much his warm stinky bad breath inside my eardrum. A sweet slow-moving musical song softly played a musical theme of a waltz.
Dirk whispered down into her eardrum. “You seem to have quickly acquired a gang of new friends and old allies within the current timeline, alien.”
I must know and sneered into his chest as I was petite to his tallness. “How did your person become king of the universe, Dirk?” I sighed with curiosity.
He chuckled. “It was a lucky strike.”
I pulled back and continued to gracefully waltz across the crowded floor as my Tele eardrums picked up his string of soft words. I sneered back into his face. “Been there, done that! Whose buttonhole did you assassinate for your kingship, Dirk?” I turned and scanned the huddle of nobles and pretty noblettes. No person displayed an outward leg cast with a broken bone or a bloody nose or an absent body. I returned back then sneered at Dirk.
He smiled down at Starra. “I purpose a truce between us, an alien and her ruler. There are other evils here within the universe for both of us to conquer first.”
I continued to slowly dance over the crowded dance floor and pondered mentally that stupid statement.
He smiled. “After tonight, you are a pilot within the royal Militia that reports to the royal king, that’s me. Of course, I expect all my royal officers to follow all my Militia orders coming from the royal king, that’s me.”
“Since, I am following each royal order coming from the royal king, that’s you, where I happen to hail from the same native planet as the royal king, that’s you. I wanna live in the Bonita mansion here on Planet Commerce.”
“Done!” He said.
“And I wanna a very large curr account starting with my first paycheck as the Militia pilot for the royal king, that’s you.”
“Currs?” He frowned.
“The royal king, that’s you, does possess a treasure chest of currs?”
“Done!” He smiled.
“I wanna…” demand more.
“How many demands are you going to present, Starra?” He frowned.
I said, “I have one more demand. I promise. I want you to leave Rann, alone and lonely, foreverly.”
“Done!” He smiled to quick and said too soonest. I sighed with worry.
“I mean to express with a string of more words. No harm is to come to Rann for any reason. Or I promise my breath and cross my heart that I will really harm the royal king which is you.” I sighed with promise.
“Done!” He softly chuckled with a pair of dancing eyeballs.
“Done deal!” I pulled away from his chest and studied his horse face that held a smirk of confidence.
“Starra, I look forward to seeing each one of your special talents that will be working for the king, which is me.” Dirk continued to stand and smile down at Starra.
The musical song stopped playing.
I continued to stand in the middle of the floor and stared at Dirk. He released Starra, pivoted away from her, and strolled ahead towards the elevated purple stage, climbing each step as his silk yellow robes dragged behind his fanny. He stomped onto the stage floor and swung around, sitting down in a purple colored throne chair, leaning his skull into Rita. Rita stared and smiled ahead at Starra. I sighed with deep concern.
Alien Day 103


Auditorium location
6th hour (early morning)
Warm temperatures with sunny skies and 75°F


Each tall and small person fit ugly inside the numerous auditorium bleacher rows like a can of dead, smelly fish, wearing a set of dirty non-fancy clothing consisting of a shirt with a pair of trousers or a long skirt and a pair of old shoes. On the entrance wall, a row of cart vendors continued to cook up a numerous trays of delicious food items. Inside each seat, a pair of lips on a tall or small person laughed or talked out loud or ate out loud or drunk out loud and as the person waited for the king
My Tele senses pinged: a presence.
I stood upright in front of a metal chair on the edge of the second row facing the overcrowded room and scanned for trouble, turning to see the side row of bleachers with laughing people.
My Tele senses pinged: a nice presence.
Rann slowly advanced from the entrance wall, moved ahead beside his friend Colonel Nat, and stopped standing on the front row of loose metal chairs, staring at the elevated platform. He and Nat sat down and continued to chat while bumping a tilted skull with their private conversation.
On the second row, I continued to scan the room then gasped in shock, spotting Rann, elegantly rushing ahead from the second row, tripping over boot toes and naked toes while attacking the front row of metal chairs. I stopped with a giggle and bent down, curling my gray colored hemline on my shorts underneath my buttonhole, sitting purposefully beside Rann. Then I wiggled side to side and scooted my metal chair closer into Rann’s left kneecap, standing upright, crossing my legs into his personal space for attention. I sighed with true love.
Rann turned and smiled at Starra, winking and flirting like a teenager in high school.
I grinned and giggled, flirting back to him, waving my hands and my foot.
A set of loud trumpets tooted then each drum head rolled continuous announcing the king of the universe which broke Rann’s concentration on my person. He turned and viewed the elevated stage platform that did not show any person.
My Tele sense pinged: a villain.
I turned with a snarl and viewed Dirk, who stood near the dangling purple curtain. He slowly strolled ahead then stopped, standing in front of the throne chair, holding a purple jeweled scepter in one hand and a red colored manual in the other hand. I sighed with deception.
Dirk cleared his throat as the floating Nbots, or news robot swirled around his person. His face appeared on a gigantic comlen that was mounted into each wall corner, “I have decided to form a new elite division within my royal army.” He exhaled. “I will personally train a legion of warriors, who possess a set of Tele abilities.” Each citizen softly muttered to each other.
On the front row, I continued to sit and felt worry while staring at Dirk.
He smiled. “The term is new and different. You might label it as alien,” Dirk stared at Starra. I sneered in fury at his sweet but nasty reference of my person. I sighed with trouble.
Dirk nodded, “Please, allow me to explicate,” he dropped the scepter behind his robes as it landed down into the padded seat on the throne chair. Then he lifted the red tinted Book above his purple colored crown and wiggled it side to side, shouting out loud to the audience. “Here, inside this book, the words state that a medical patient that falls down into a coma will then die two days later. In truth, a Sickness patient is re-born into a higher state of consciousness within their normal mind. He or she or male or female is re-engineered into a new world of the metaphysical science with their own inmate supernatural powers which is called Tele powers.” Each citizen mumbled to each other. He nodded. “As stated in this Book, I had fallen into a deep, sleepy coma last year. When I had emerged, I had possessed the tele power of telepathy or mind reading.” Each citizen softly muttered into each other face. Dirk dropped down the Book and placed it on top of the padded throne chair, shouting out loud, staring down at the front row, “General Ivan.”
On the front row, Ivan slowly stood upright from the metal chair as the chair sounded with metal pain, staring at Dirk with a nod and astern face. “Yes, Sire.” Ivan waited for his command from Dirk like a good warrior.
Dirk touched his finger pad to his temple with a nod. “Inside your mind, I want you to visualize a mathematical number between one and ten.”
Ivan wiped out a piece of white paper and a purple colored feather ink pen, nodding to Dirk.
Dirk smiled. “Do you have a single mathematical number between one and ten holding inside your mind?” Ivan nodded in silence. Dirk nodded, “Write the number down on the tiny sliver of white paper in black colored ink and then fold it and give it to General Rann.” Ivan faithfully obeyed while Dirk impressed the citizens, but not Starra.
He slapped his flat chest with a grin. “I, your king, will correctly state the math number without seeing the folded piece of paper that sits inside the cupped hands on General Rann.”
On cue, Rann swiftly stood upright from his metal chair as the chair moaned in metal pain. He lifted the folded paper in the air and wiggled it to each citizen inside a bleacher row with a stern face.
On top of the elevated purpled colored stage platform in front of the matching throne chair, Dirk hummed loudly and slowly shook his red colored hairy skull side to side, slowly swaying his tallness back and forth with drama. I sighed with show.
Dirk yelled out loud, “Eight.”
On the front row, I jumped one-sixteenth of an inch from the metal seat and wore a sour frown, slowly sitting back down, hearing the metal pain from the chair. I stared at Dirk with puzzlement.
Rann continued to stand and dropped his arm, looking down, slowly opening the folded paper. He stared at the math number with a gasp in shock, lifting the paper in the air, showing the hand-printed math number to the nearest rows of citizens. The tiny sliver of paper displayed the math number of eight in black ink from Ivan’s handwriting. Each citizen leaned over and softly whispered to each other.
On the stage, Dirk waved both of his arms near his happy smile, “Settle down! Be quiet! I have more information to share with you,” he dropped down both of his arms and slapped his glittering robes in silence, pointing with a nod to each row. “Each one of you possesses a true Tele power.” Each citizen leaned over and whispered to each other.
A single visible body stood upright from the bleacher seat in a brown colored long dress and shouted out loud as the comfone (microphone) on the gigantic comlen (television screen) picked up her voice. “Forgive me, Sire! I do not believe you. General Ivan is your most trusted royal officer. General Rann, he is your second-in-command of your royal Militia land, sea, and sky troopers. Thus, I require an impartial test coming from an unbiased citizen,” she nodded and clapped along with some of the bolder citizens. The thunder of shouts and claps loudly echoed throughout the large auditorium.
On top of the stage, Dirk nodded with a smile to the citizen and looked down to see the front row of devoted military officers and nobles. “Very well, I accept your advice. You will have a neutral person for the next awesome Tele demonstration.”
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
“I will choose…” His eyeballs darted and study each one of his trusted Militia officers, who sat on the front row, and then he smiled down at his target. “I choose Major Starra.”
“Why?” I shouted out loud with a sour frown and a matching tone, sitting beside Rann, staring up at Dirk. Each citizen loudly chuckled at Dirk and with Starra.
Dirk was trying to make me reveal my set of true Tele powers as he didn’t know but probably suspected the greatest degree of my four awesome Tele talents. And I planned to keep my Tele talents secret. I sighed with intrigue.
“She is as skeptical as I.” One of the citizens stood upright inside the bleacher row and slapped his chest, laughing at Dirk.
Skeptical isn’t the word, that I’m thinking about, buddy. I feel like a laboratory rat, which is locked inside a looping maze, without an escape plan.
I slowly stood upright with a sneer from my metal chair as the chair sounded in metal pain, moving away my man and my uncomfortable chair, slowly strolling ahead with a growl towards the enemy…naw…the king. My two hands were folded into a pair of fighting fists of angry and fury. I sighed with murder.
Dirk reached down and grabbed the hemline on his long silky bathrobe, that he got from his mama, tossing the fabric away from his two booted feet, swiftly moving ahead, climbing down each step with a stern face. He quickly strolled over the smooth but polished dance floor with a smile at Starra.
I continued to march ahead with a sour frown a few feet from the front row and stared with a growl at Dirk and then halted in place with a sneer, standing in front of Dirk in the middle of the room. His body towered over my petite frame and impressed the crowd, but not me.
Dirk waved both of his arms in the air as each one of his long silk sleeves smacked at Starra’s cheekbone. She back stepped from the flying fabric and sounded with a sneer. He continued to wave both of his arms and smiled at the audience of non-believers, “Now, I will dispense each disbeliever and doubter. So, please, pay close attention here!”
I continued to stand twelve inches from his chest and looked up with a sneer into his ugly pale colored face, “This should be a neat trick, Dick.” I laughed with a smile.
He ignored a silly Starra and scanned the audience with a smile, waving both of his arms around the air waves. “I am going to test the power of telepathy which is mind reading on you, Starra. And I promise it will not hurt.” Each citizen stared at Dirk with a soft mummer.
I laughed out loud with fun. “And how many times I have read that inside your mental mind before, Dick?” Each citizen laughed out loud with a nod at her funny joke.
He leaned over and sneered with his stinky bad breath down into her forehead. “Keep the crowd entertained, Starra! This talent show is about you anyways.”
“Nice of you to keep me inside your thoughts, Dirk!” I growled with a whisper.
“All the time, Starra!” He whispered back with a wink. I sighed with doom.
He looked up and nodded to the audience, shouting out loud. “I am writing a mathematical single digit on a tiny piece of white paper between the numbers one and ten. I want you to use your mighty gift, a Tele power of telepathy or mind reading. I want you to read my mental mind and tell me the handwritten math number like I had used my Tele demonstration with General Ivan, Starra,” he whipped out a tiny sliver of blank white paper and a purple colored feathered ink pen from his girly robes, scribbling his math number in the middle of the paper.
“You wish.” I whirled around with a smile and tossed both of my arms in the air, waving at the audience members. Each citizen wildly cheered and tossed one or both arms in the air, signaling back with a smile to Starra.
Ivan stood upright from his metal chair, moved away from the front row, stops, standing between Dirk and Starra. Dirk scribbled a math number in black ink and folded the paper, looking up with a smile at Starra, handing the folded paper to Ivan. Ivan accepted the paper and stood in place, smiling at the nose profile on Dirk.
I was not going to tell him or any citizens the true math number, since that correction action would reveal one of my four awesome Tele talents. Instead, I swayed back and forth and then wiggled side to side, looking down at my new leather boot toes with a grin. I sighed with secret.
“Time’s up!” Dirk shouted out loud with a smile and stared down at the gray colored hair roots on Starra. “What is your answer coming from your awesomely Tele talent of telepathy, Starra?”
“My answer is six.” I looked up and smiled with my lie to Dirk.
Ivan unfolded the paper and gasped down at the number, shouting out loud. “The math number from King Dirk is the number four. Major Starra is wrong. She does not possess a Tele talent like King Dirk,” he shook his bone skull with a puzzled brow at Starra then looked at Dirk.
Yeah, I did possess the powerful and potent Tele talent of telepathy, but I was not the fool here. I sighed with deception.
Dirk continued to stand without growling or killing Starra with a fake smile and nodded to Ivan. Ivan returned to his seat. Dirk looked up and smiled to the audience, shouting out loud. “Would you engage me with another try of your mighty gift, a Tele power, Starra? Maybe, you can concentrate a little harder this time.”
“Hardly!” I shouted out loud then laughed with the other citizens.
Dirk continued to stand without killing Starra and wore a fake smile, clapping. One of his royal slaves…naw…servants from his royal castle appeared beside the dangling curtain and slowly moved ahead, holding a white colored rectangular box which was tied with a cute purple satin ribbon and stops, standing beside her master…naw…monster. She handed the box to Dirk. He accepted the box then shoved the female servant away from his body. The servant whirled around and dashed back, hiding behind the curtain, waiting for another royal command from the royal king.
On top of the floor, Dirk lifted the white colored rectangular box above his purple crown in the air for each pair of eyeballs and shouted out loud with a smile. “This white tinted rectangular box contains a specific item inside the darkness of four walls. Please, use your mighty gift, a Tele power of teleclairvoyance and scan the enclosed box with your mental mind and tell me the hidden item inside, Starra.”
“Your hand!” I shouted out loud without hesitation and laughed out loud with the other citizens. Some of the bold and brave citizens swiftly stood and danced side to side, mocking the king.
Dirk continued to stand without killing Starra and pitched the box down at the boot toes on Starra. During the flight, the box slowly tumbled down and opened the loose lid, releasing a tied bouquet of fragranced wild purple and yellow roses which had been freshly plucked from the rose garden outside the royal castle.
I pointed down to the floor and shouted out loud with a smile, “Stang! I should’ve smelled the dang white tinted rectangular shaped box, instead of stared at the pretty white paper,” I laughed with the other citizens. Some of the braver citizen stood again and performed a hip bump and then a fist bump, mocking the king.
I was not going to disclose my awesome Tele power of teleclairvoyance to Dirk. I might need it in the future to hide for Dirk. In the bleachers, the citizens continued to stand and danced, hooting out loud with amusement. I was hot today. I should become a comedian, not a pilot, probably making a lot more currs while entertaining the royal army. And I could still blackmail Dirk for fun.
He exhaled with annoyance and shouted out loud. “You do not seem to be focusing on the Tele task at hand in here, Starra.”
I back stepped a few inches from his stinky breath and wore a fake smile. “Yeah, I’m focusing hard on that silly task, my task master, sir, sire, king. Maybe, I ain’t as talented as your mental mind thoughts thought, Your Hinnieness.” I laughed out loud with the audience.
He stepped ahead and stood in front of Starra. “You do possess a talented Tele ability, indeed, Starra.”
“Indeed, I don’t, Dick.” I laughed with the other citizens.
“Indeed, you do, Starra.” He clapped again with a fake smile. The same servant quickly ran from the dangling curtain, stopped, then stood beside Dirk, presenting a silver tinted tray empty of any contents, in silence, without a smile.
“Here we go again, ya’ll.” I shouted out loud and then laughed with the audience.
He accepted the tray and lifted the object over his crown again, shouting out loud, staring into the audience, “I hold a heavy silver tinted eating tray in my outstretched hands. I want you to use your mighty gift, a Tele power of telekinesis. I want you to lift this heavy object from my hands and hover it in the air waves.” Each citizen sat down and muttered with shock.
“How high do I lift the heavy tray, Dick?” I yelled out loud and as the some of the citizens laughed at Dirk.
“Fourteen inches.” He faked a smile at the audience.
“Okey. Dokey.” I continued to stand and stared at the silver tray with a smile. The tray did not move, and I did not move, but Dirk fidgeted his hand, after three seconds of time. I stared at his numb fingers that grasped the heavy serving tray of silver hue.
“You need to try a little harder here, Starra. Please, make the tray float in the air from my two cupped hands.”
I shouted out loud with a smile and as my eyeballs shifted down to his eyeballs. “Do I make the tray dance in the air waves by twitching my nose or wiggling my ears or shaking my as…?”
“Enough!” He yelled out loud as each citizen swiftly stood and danced on the bleacher floor while performing an array of hand clap, tongue hollers, and lip whistles for my fun and Dirk’s annoyance.
He dropped down the tray and handed the item back to the servant. The servant bowed with a head nod to Dirk and then twirled around, racing away from the king. Dirk faked a smile and shouted out loud at the audience, ignoring an annoying Starra. “Thank you, Major Starra! You’ve been a very convivial royal subject here today in my presence.”
I twirled around and rolled my eyeballs, whispering out loud. “Same!” I quickly dashed back to the front row and collided in my seat beside Rann, cuddling into his rib cage with a smile, crossing my legs. I tapped my body into his heated body as he chuckled with amusement. I sighed with true love.
Nat leaned over and extended an arm to Starra, forming a folded fist with a smile. I leaned over Rann and slammed my fist bump with Nat. Nat chuckled and sat upright again staring at Dirk with a smile.
A few feet from the front row of metal chairs, Dirk continued to stand on floor and smiled at the audience, tossing both of his arms in the air as his silk sleeves drooped down into his face. He dropped his two arms with a sour frown and then grinned. “Not to worry here! There is one more Tele talent I wish to demonstrate today. The might gift is called telemetabolics or the healing touch.”
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
“Doesn’t this man not know when to quit, when he is losing the raging battle?” Rann chuckled with a whisper to his old friend Nat and his new friend Starra.
I continued to sit and gasped in alarm. I personally did not know which citizen possesses a string of Tele powers here within the current fifth alien timeline. So, Dirk was trying to harm another citizen for some reason, but he was not picking on my body or my mind. I sighed with death.
“I require another volunteer to stand before me, please.” Dirk scanned the audience and as his eyeballs looked down and surveyed the front chairs of devoted officers and nobles, halting on his next victim with a grin, “General Rann, if you would please stand and approach me, trying the Tele test.”
Rann swiftly stood from his chair and as the chair sounded with metal pain. He nodded with a stern face at Dirk following the royal command.
“No!” I whispered with worry and leaped out from my metal chair and as the metal folding chair twirled sideways then dropped down to the floor with a loud crash. I stepped ahead and then sidestepped, blocking Rann from Dirk’s harm, parking both my fists on my waistline. I shouted out loud with a smooth controlled timber at Dirk, “Wait! I volunteer!”
Dirk faked a smile at Starra. “I have tested your Tele abilities. You failed, Starra.”
I tossed my arms in the air and nodded my curls, smiling at Dirk, “Wait! Hold the comfone! Yes, I failed three Tele tests. This is so true. But you mentioned that each citizen possesses one Tele talent.” I dropped both of my arms and slapped my chest with a nod. “So, my personal Tele ability must be this new or next or last healing touch thing. I’m prepared for you to perform this test on me,” I bounced up and down and swirled around, nodding to the citizens in the audience as the citizens reacted wildly.
“Test her! Test her! Test her…” The voices shouted out loud and as each bleacher rocked side to side. Each citizen stood and tossed an arm or an empty glass bottle down on the floor which broke into a million pieces of glass fragment while shouting out loud in unison.
I swung back around and smiled at Dirk, in silence.
Dirk looked up with a gasp and surveyed the audience then returned back to see Starra, shouting out loud. “Very well, Starra! I will test your Tele ability for the last time. I hope you pass, Starra.”
I tossed both arms in the air and shouted out loud with a laugh, dropping my arms without blacking an eye socket but slapped his nose bridge, giggling out loud with a grin. “Thank you, Sire! Thank you, King Dirk. O! Geez! I feel, feel so very confident this time that I’ll truly pass this Tele test.”
He grabbed her forearm and leaned his pimpled nostrils and his stinky bad breath into her face, growling with a whisper. “Do not embarrass me in here, again, Starra! You will live to regret it.”
I whispered back with a sneer, “I regret it already, but I’ll pass. I promise,” I jerked my arm free from Dirk then back stepped from the king, quickly spinning around with a smile at the audience, shouting out loud with both of my arms in the air. “If I cannot pass this next Tele test, then I am a worthless warrior in his majesty’s army.” Each citizen cheered and clapped for Starra.
Dirk clapped and wore a fake smile, staring at the rear skull on Starra. The same servant appeared and presented a gold tinted sharp hunting knife. He carefully accepted the knife and lifted it above his crown with a smile. The servant whirled around and ran away from Dirk, exiting the building. Her work was done for the day.
I slowly spun around with a gasp and dropped both of my arms, staring at the hunting knife in silence. I sighed with death.
Dirk shouted out loud and stared with a smile at the audience. “I am going to cut her naked forearm. Starra will perform the mighty gift, a Tele power with a healing touch which is called telemetabolics on her open bleeding wound and then she will heal herself.” Each citizen sat down and softly groaned with fear.
I continued to stand and swallowed back down a thick wad of bitter mouth salvia, coughing out loud as it descended back down into my tight throat. I yelled out loud with worry, “Stang!”
He lowered the knife and looked down with a smile at Starra, shouting out loud. “A row of shiny silver tinted Bbots are standing behind the dangling curtain, in case you fail the last Tele test and then die on the floor, Starra.” Each citizen continued to sit and hug a love one, staring with worry at Starra. He extended his hand without the knife and wore a smirk. “I need your arm, Starra!” Each citizen continues to sit and stared in silence at Dirk.
I continued to stand and slowly extended my healthy forearm in Dirk’s direction with a sour frown.
He grabbed then jerked her arm forward into his chest with his brute force.
I smelled his dirty body and as the stench of bad odor hit my cheekbone.
He pointed the knife tip above her exposed skin, slowly lowered the blade, and then sliced deeply down into her healthy skin tissues. An array of her red tinted blood proteins quickly exploded in the air and gashed down over the floor, his boot toes, her boot toes, and her arm. I sighed with pain.
“That hurt, Dirk!”
“Then, heal it, Starra!” He back stepped with a smile from her array of spilling blood proteins, halted, and stared down at her bloody arm with intrigue.
I continued to stand and felt the pain, seeing an inch of length sputtering my precious red liquid over my arm, the floor, and the shorts of my gray uniform. He had missed the vital parts on my forearm, such as, blood veins, bones, and the nerve endings while striking only at the top muscles plus three layers of skin epidermis. I sighed with fury.
I closed my two gray tinted eyelashes.  Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus. Heal.
My healthy skin tissue slowly folded over and over while covering up the small ugly and red tinted open wound, closing each exposed blood veins. Then the blood stopped spirting up in the air as my skin tissue rippled then shifted from my T-heal with my telemetabolics. This was a Tele magic trick for each citizen. My healed muscle tissues morphed back into a golden skin membrane on top of the ugly scar without displaying a bruise or a clot.
I open both of my eyelashes and looked down, smiling at my healed arm with delight from my awesome Tele power of telemetabolics. Dirk looked up and winked at Starra while laughing out loud.

Geez! I have exposed one of my four precious Tele secrets.
Dirk continued to laugh out loud and clapped with delight, staring down at her healed skin tissue. “That is very, very good, Starra!” He reached out and grabbed her healed arm, lifting the limb into the air. Each citizen stood and stained a pair of eyeballs viewing her healed limb while Starra stood on top of the dance floor. Dirk laughed. “Do you see here? Do you see this? It is so true. Each citizen possesses a Tele power.” Each citizen cheered and clapped with delight. Dirk dropped her healed arm and tossed both of his arms above his hair roots. “Now, I will be conducting a set of Tele trials starting tomorrow morning right here inside the auditorium. Please, come here and try a Tele test, if you dare!” He chuckled with the other citizens. “Jesting aside! This is also a new royal decree. If you are interested in trying a Tele test, then Starra will see your person here tomorrow on the eighth hour in the morning while collecting new candidates for my elite new Tele army.”
“Me!” I hollered with shock. Dirk was more interested in my person rather than a new Tele candidate, where I was supposed to test for something. I sighed with danger.
He ignored a silly Starra and waved his hand with a nod. “Dismissed!” Dirk shouted out loud with a smile then pivoted swiftly moving ahead towards the stage platform. Each citizen continued to stand and softly mumbled to each other about that Tele test, the Tele power and the Tele miracle, eventually each citizen exited from the audience building, going back home or to shop.
On top of the dance floor, I continued to stand with a sour frown and soft sneer. Dirk was after me, not a non-talented Tele citizen. I stared at an empty stage platform and then gasped in shock. Dirk had entered then vanished through a secret half-way gray colored door that was located underneath the purple stage, which led to somewhere. I sighed with mystery.
My Tele senses pinged: a presence.
The hand touched her naked arm.
I cringed from pain as my set of new skin and muscle tissues were still healing. I needed perform a couple more Tele healings with my telemetabolics for total skin and muscle tissue recovery. I whirled around and smiled at Rann.
He stood in front of Starra and stared down at her healing arm, brushing her healed wound with his finger. “Amazing!” He whispered with shock as the words float into her Tele eardrums.
I smiled at Rann with love. “Not really!”
He released her arm and looked up, nodding to Starra with a stern face, “You, you have saved me from…”
“Humiliation.” I nodded.
“Not exactly!” He shook his skull.
“Embarrassment.” I smiled.
“I’m thinking of …”
“What!” I gasped.
“Death!” He exhaled with worry.
I frowned, “Death!”
He touched his naked arm with a stern face, “If Dirk had sliced my arm in the exact same place and then he had waited the exact same seconds, I would have bled to death all over the dirty dance floor.” He looked down at the bloody floor that still held Starra’s wet and dry blood proteins then nodded with a smile to Starra.
“You were no real harm here, Rann.” I giggled as a warrior girl. I sighed with protection.
He frowned. “Why is that, Starra?”
“Because, I got your back side and back spine and buttonhole, buddy!” I winked with a smile and reached out, gently touching his naked bicep using a little of my T-strength with my hand to get his happy reaction. He smiled with a nod to Starra and offered his arm for an escort form the auditorium. I took his arm and cuddled into his rib cage with a giggle. He and I moved ahead towards the entrance wall that led outside into the bright sunlight.
Told ya! I’m going to engage in some major fun here within the fifth alien timeline as the previous four have been a major toil for me. I sigh with true love.
Alien Day 104


Auditorium location
10th hour (late morning)
Warm temperatures with sunshine at 84ºF


I relaxed very comfortably inside a padded seat inside a metal purple colored chair with my new pair of cowgirl boots that were decorated in black tinted snake skin with hot pink unknown animal skin from the boot toe up towards the middle of my foot arch on top of an empty green tinted wooden office desk. I sighed with happiness.
I had discovered the pretty pair of boots inside the closet at my old room in the Bonita mansion.
The ancient auditorium still looked like the same with four orange painted walls and a single purple colored elevated stage. The elevated purple colored platform stage was decorated with two sets of floor length purple velveteen curtains. In the middle of the stage, a pair of golden colored oversized throne chairs stood alone and lonely. Each citizen sat around six U-shaped sitting bleacher rows. Each row kissed the orange painted wall inside the auditorium.


Then I mentally flashed back past into the first alien timeline, when I had saved Viscount Lad a dreadful marriage to Queen Rita by answering a riddle.


Then I mentally flashed back present into the fifth alien timeline, I balanced my semi-horizontal body inside a thick padded seat and gently brushed off numerous chocolate chip cookie crumbs that represented my breakfast meal from a new black colored silk sleeveless blouse with sprinkles of tiny satin bows around the sweetheart neckline and a matching pair of shorts with a tight waistband of ribbons. I burped out loud. Rann had replaced my bloody uniform that Dirk had ruined on purpose yesterday morning.
On top of a side table, three white balls flew to nowhere but sat on top of an individual stand ten inches high.
I multi-tasked by yelling out loud for the next citizen and reading the new adventure book, in which, I had stolen from Dirk’s library last night on the fourth floor inside his castle. “Next!”
No movement of body or voice sounds echoed throughout an empty auditorium room in here.
I had been ordered to test each citizen for a Tele power while promising to obey Dirk’s commands, because I had struck a deal with the devil himself. I sighed with entrapment.
No candidates, citizens, or clowns existed here inside the auditorium with me, so I could leave and then fly back home to my Bonita castle within the hot day and then lounge by the swimming pool, burning my pale body back into a golden tan. I sighed with sunburn.
The side table shifted accidentally causing each ball to shake like a tiny earthquake inside its assigned cup holder. I quickly performed a T-balance with my telekinesis without shifting my body out from the chair and then executed a T-stop on the side table, each ball, and each cup holder from dropping off the table, falling down the wooden floor and then rolling across the clean wooden dance floor.
My instruction, each Tele candidate, which I haven’t seen in hours, per idiot king Dirk was to test for a levitation skill with one or more balls.
Therefore, four hours had come and gone with the sunshine blazing hotter outside the closed auditorium doors. I had tested and then failed three brave citizens. I sighed with boredom.
My second Tele instruction, each Tele candidate must voice out loud correctly the math number from a thick black colored hand card. I would hold the card of five inches tall and three inches wide in my hand that displays a yellow colored printed math number between the digits of zero and ten. So far, no brave citizen had guessed the correct math answer. I sighed with math.
My third instruction, each Tele candidate must predict a future event.
I would point to the side wall and target one of the purple colored satin box which was tied up in a matching purple ribbon on top of a different side table which held a purple tinted dinner plate inside the guts of the dark box coming from Dirk’s royal kitchen.
I’m doing the best I can here with my limited resources right now.
However, some citizen had predicted that the Sahara Warriors will win the Game Championship, this year, like that was a real-life prediction of a future event, since the Sahara Warriors were the best game players in the galaxy and won every year the Game Championship. 
The set of Game teams needed new players or new coaches or new competitors or some new combination of my mental list. I sighed with entertainment.
My fourth instruction, each Tele candidate must heal something.

Forget it, ya’ll! My naked forearm is not getting bloody and slashed, again, foreverly.

Instead, I would hold a miniature toy doll in the air with my Tele magic that had been constructed of tan colored pig skin hairs, black colored horse hair strands, and then transfused with red colored ketchup coming from Dirk’s royal kitchen, which imitated a blood gory scene on top of the table or the floor. The candidate could select the death scene. Then I would slice an inch mark with a very sharp knife into the organic dummy and ask the Tele candidate, which I hadn’t seen in hours, to heal it. Therefore, I had mutilated three dolls. I sighed with destruction.
So far, one Tele candidate required fifty minutes of my precious time here on Commerce. He or she meekly strolled to Starra then was tested with one object using the four different Tele powers. So far, each Tele candidate had failed the test and then left the auditorium with a laugh, instead of a sad face. I sighed with bye-bye.
There are 50 seconds in a single minute and 50 minutes in one hour, so if I test one candidate every hour that is a total of eight Tele candidates-per-day. There are 20 hours in a day, therefore I work eight hours in a day too. I sigh with math.
The total population is 1,000,000 citizens, so 1,000,000 fools divided by eight hours of work equals 125,000 days of testing and there are 300 days in a Commerce year which is a combination of the four seasons consisting of spring, summer, autumn, and winter terms. So, 125,000 of testing fools is divided by four seasons of weathered days here in a Commerce year equals 416.667 years to finish my task for Dirk.
Dirk cannot live that long here in the galaxy, even if he and his citizens do age foreverly before their death day as I ponder deeply that medical fact. I am not going to live for another 416.667 years either or ever using with my illogical math. I sigh with numbers.
I definitely will need more help here and I will defiantly complain to my head management. It sucks here.
The king could perform half of his own work, theoretically, since Dirk was a talker with the mighty gift of gab, a Tele power of telepathy, and a mover with the mighty gift, a tele power of telekinesis. I sighed with boredom.
From the kiddie paint set, I brushed numerous of coats of red color on the set of additional white colored balls, performing a T-grab then executed a T-lift magical floating each ball in the air. I sighed with boredom.
So, let’s pretend to become happy and have some playful fun.
Each painted ball wore a red tinted face of one emotion, introducing, Happy, Lumpy, Grumpy, Sleepy, Dopey, Curly, Bashful, Doc, and Wheezy.
I had loved hearing each one of my childhood stories on Planet Earth.
I painted the Wheezy Ball with lines of runny red nose mucus coming down two pale colored nose holes that represented Dirk, who was a wheezy weasel, maybe a wheezing weasel.
“Starra!” Dirk yelled out loud and wore his usual attire, consisting of a chanteuse (yellowish-green) hue colored long tunic with a pair of long sleeves, a pair of matching trousers that are tucked down into a pair of brown colored knee boots, and a matching ankle-length cloak. He displayed a long horse-shaped face with a pair of green eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin paired with a head of cropped red colored hair, standing in front of the golden arches…naw…golden archway on the half-door of gray hue, which was mysterious located underneath the elevated purple colored stage, in which, I had never noticed before yesterday. I sighed with intrigue.
I retracted my Tele powers back into my body with a soft awe and a loud burp, giggling for drama.

Yeah, that’s how it really works.

Each red paint and silly naked ball quickly dropped down with an individual tiny ping and then rolled across the smooth wooden floor with a soft slur, slamming individually into a side wall with a low crash. I slowly stood upright from the padded seat on the metal chair and slapped the chair backwards from my buttonhole with my buttonhole, slamming it against the damaged side wall of orange paint with a loud boom. I reached out and lifted the edge on the green colored lightweight metal office desk in the air a few inches and then release it with both hands. The table swiftly descended back down with gravity and landed in a different stop on of top of the wooden floor, making another loud bang. I had performed my baby temper tantrum and slowly scooted with a sour frown around the damaged office desk, strolling across the open floor from my metal desk towards Dirk. He spun around with a chuckle of delight at her defiance and crouched down at his waistline, entering back through the open half-archway, disappearing inside the hidden room. I stopped and stood in front of half-door of grey hue, exhaling with annoyance, bending down at my fitted waistline. I entered an underground throne room with four purple colored naked walls, three purple colored floor rugs and a square purple colored wooden office desk, without a single mini-bot or a single viewing window or another exit door or another citizen.
I strolled ahead to the side wall and sat down inside an oversized purple sitting chair, without a footstool, crossing my legs, staring at Dirk on the opposite side of the tiny room that measured ten feet in length by ten feet in height, and ten feet in width. I sighed with uninteresting.
“Make your person comfortable, Starra.” Dirk stopped chuckling and spun around with a smile, flinging the ankle-length cloak in the air from his buttonhole, sitting down in matching purple colored oversized chair against the wall paint of purple colored nakedness.
“I try.” I smiled and scanned the naked room. I sighed with not impressed.
“I hope your new work job is going good, worker Starra. How many Tele candidates have your recruited for my new elite army of Teles, Starra?” He smiled.
I returned back and smiled at him, “I want a vacation. How many vacation days do I get, boss?”
“None.”
I gasped, “None!”
“How many recruits have your recruited today for my elite military army, Starra?”
I smiled. “None!” This was the “give and take game.” I take all that Dirk gives me. I sighed with conceit.
“Your job is to test and find me numerous Tele people.” He nodded with a stern face.
“I’m looking and testing each citizen as fast as I can. They are no Tele candidates here, Dirk.” I nodded.
“You are incorrect, Starra.” He slapped his chest with a nod. “You work for the royal king, that’s me, from the eighth hour in the morning to fifteenth hour in the afternoon. That sums into eight hours of testing work with a lunch meal which is served at your work station and no time for sun bathing on your fading suntan either. Go out there and find me Tele recruits.”
“No suntanning!” I frowned.
“You’ll have to postpone your fun, until your task is finished.”
I exhaled with frustration. “Look! I’m working as fast as I can.”
“You do what you’re told or else.”
I frowned. “Do not threaten me!”
“I am not threatening you, Starra. You work for the king, that’s me. This is our deal!” He nodded.
“I get the distant impression that I ain’t the only one challenging your royal reign, my royal king.” I smiled with a giggle.
He smiled, “Hmm! I thought you only possessed the Tele ability of healing, not any type of future events from teleclairvoyance.”
“I get the distant impression that you’ve lost the popularity contest due to someone else. Someone, who is more handsome with better looks, and, also, more richer with currs and more charming with personality rather than the royal king, that’s you.” I did not bluff but stated the truth. I sighed with mystery.
“The citizens can be fickle at times.” He turned and stared at the side blank wall of purple hue.
“But only in the good times, it seems. I have noted during the bad times that they like to be led and follow capriciously.” I nodded.
“Maybe,” He smiled at her.
“Rann challenges your royal position on every royal decree.” I reached out and touched the edge on the yellow fabric, nodding with a stern face to Starra. “That’s the bee-buzz going around the royal king inside your royal castle.” I dug the dirty trench for deeper information.
“You are wrong.” He worded softly.
“I am right.” I sighed with victory.
“I’m about to increase my popularity with the citizens.” He wiggled and laughed out loud with mystery.
I frowned with confusion. “How in the universe are you going to do that, Dirk?” He continued to sit and waved his hand for her dismissal in silence. I leaped out from the chair and exited the throne room, racing across the auditorium floor with my worried thoughts, jogging back to my borrowed castle. I sighed with concern.

On the 13th hour, mid-afternoon, inside the auditorium building location, among the parted clouds with warm temperatures, each citizen arrived and sat down in the bleacher seat or stood on top of the floor or stood in-between the damaged wall portions, staring at center stage. Dirk stood on top of the center stage with a smile and slapped his chest with a nod. “Thanks for coming. I have a new kingly announcement for the day.”
Inside the Agri noble skyline that belonged to Ty, which was located on the second floor along with the other noble skyboxes, Ty wore his usual attire, a dark green sleeveless vest, without a shirt, a pair of matching trousers that were tucked down into a pair of polished black tinted knee boots, displaying a head of shoulder length blonde colored hair, a pair of turquoise eyes, and a tone of dark tinted skin. He leaned over the window frame without a glass pane and stared at Dirk with worry, talking with his best friend Rann. “What is Dirk doing now?”
Rann and I stood together and leaned over the same long window frame, without the glass and sounded with soft laughter while playing an Intergalactic War electronic game on his mini-bot during Dirk’s new announcement inside the auditorium. Rann was winning the fun game as I allowed it.
Rann was dressed in his usual attire, a white colored sleeveless and open vest, without a shirt, a pair of matching trousers were tucked down into a pair of polished black colored knee boots, displaying a head of black curly hair, a tone of dark colored skin, and a pair of brown eyeballs. 
“I did not know, Ty.” Rann stopped playing with Starra and pitched the mini-bot sideways to the side wall, where it landed down on top of the posh green colored sofa. He stood upright and looked up at the center stage while cuddling Starra into his rib cage, staring at Dirk.
I wore a long pale blue tinted ankle-length dress a as a noble lady without the gloves, tiara, parasol, and lady purse, enjoying my cuddle with Rann, staring at Dirk with a smile in silence. I sighed with true love.
I was cuddling with Rann inside the Agri skybox, where a row of food tables displayed trays of hot and cold food items and assorted hot and cold beverages coming from Planet Agri. But my favorite food was the table with numerous chocolate cake trays eating with my favorite fellow Rann. I did not own Planet Bonita; Dirk did, because, I was borrowing the Bonita assets within the new fifth alien timeline. Well, I was blackmailing Dirk to use each Bonita asset as my home. I sighed with conceit.
On top of the center stage, Dirk smiled and as his face displayed on each comlen, wearing his usual attire of yellowish-green tinted kingly robes staring into the audience. “I have created a Royal Carnival coming from the ancient tradition of centuries which has been passed down in our universe, when many nobles had dedicated a dirt field on their native planet for a public display of goods and merchandise from agricultural to technology.” Each citizen cheered and clapped with the new information.
Inside the Agri skybox, Ty turned with worry and frowned at the nose profile on Rann, “A royal carnival, what is that?” I stared at Dirk with puzzlement in silence.
“I do not know.” Rann studied Dirk with a stern face. Ty returned and stared at Dirk, like Starra.
On top of the stage, Dirk tossed his arm in the air with a smile. “A Royal Carnival was often held in conjunction with a significant and historical royal event.” Each citizen continued to clap with happiness.
At the Agri skybox window ledge, Ty frowned at Rann, again. “A historical event, where was that?”
“I do not know, Ty.” Rann continued to study Dirk. Ty returned and stared at Dirk, in silence.
On top of the stage, Dirk continued to stand and smiled at the audience. “The local occasion is my royal birthday.” Each citizen cheered and clapped with glee.
Inside the Agri skybox ledge, I whirled around and smiled at Rann. “How old is Dirk?”
“His birthday party, why is that, Rann?” Ty turned and frowned at Rann as I stared at Rann.
“I did not know, Ty.” Rann stared and studied Dirk.
On top of the stage, Dirk tosses both of his arms in the air and nodded with a smile. “Thus, I am canceling all work schedules, all school classes, and revising all vacation plans this week in celebration of my royal birthday.” Each citizen bounced up and down in the bleachers or on top of the floor with cheers of joy.
I stared at Rann with puzzlement. “How old is Dirk?” 
“This is a problem.” Ty nodded to Rann.
“This is a big problem.” Rann stared at Dirk.
I frowned. “How old is Dirk?”
“We don’t discuss ages.” Rann responded with mystery while studying Dirk.
I gasped, “Why not?”
“We don’t.” Rann did not explain.
“Why not, Rann?” I frowned. I demanded to know Dirk’s new age and Rann’s old age.


I mentally flashed back past into the third alien timeline, when I had gotten dumped down into the worm hole for not knowing Dirk’s age, and then I had failed the return to Planet Earth.


Then, I mentally flashed back present within the fifth alien timeline, I stared at Rann waiting for an answer to my lady noble question.
Rann stared at Dirk with a sour frown. “Dirk is older than you are, Starra.”
I was very young or very old depending on the direction of the space flight to or from this universe.

I mentally flashed back past into the first alien timeline, when Dirk had been identified as 73 years of age.

Then I mentally flashed back present within the fifth alien timeline, I continued to stare at Rann and shook my curls. “How did Dirk become the king of the universe?” I sighed with curiosity.
Rann stared at Dirk. “He had been voted as the king of the universe after King Bartholomew had died.”
On top of the stage, Dirk wiggled his body and waved both of his arms in the air with a smile. “The Royal Carnival will host tons of amusement park rides, numerous entertainment shows, fun contests for participation, lots of food booths and much, much more.” Each citizen danced and perform a series of loud hoots, clap, and whistles with happiness.
At the Agri skybox window ledge, Ty stared at Dirk. “Who is going to pay for this new royal carnival?”
“We are.” Rann frowned at Dirk.
“Why are we paying for this new royal carnival?” Ty frowned at Dirk.
“Dirk, he will rape and reap the curr profits from each carnival ride, every food and merchandise booth, and each dance show.” Rann nodded.
“…as usual…” Ty exhaled with annoyance.
“…most usual…” I smiled with a nod. A royal carnival sounded like fun. I sighed with happiness.
Alien Day 105


12th hour (early afternoon)
Auditorium location
Parted clouds with bright sunlight at 75ºF


Rann slowly entered the auditorium interior setting from the open entrance archway with a smile and wore his white colored noble attire, slowly strutting across the open floor towards Starra.
The two side tables with the same objects sat on the same side wall of orange paint, like yesterday. I sat inside the same metal chair and leaned back against the wall, stretching out my legs with both arms behind my rear skull and each eyelash shut for a short catnap. I wore, again, my clean black uniform with sprinkle of tiny satin bows around the sweetheart neckline and a waistband around the short walking shorts with a pair of matching black leather thigh-high boot. I sighed with true love.
I had not seen one single citizen which made for a long, boring work day, but I would be paid currs and a plate of hot food.
My T-senses pinged: a presence.
Rann stopped in front her cowgirl boots on top of the metal table and stared at her two closed eyelids. “Starra, are you busy?” He asked.
I opened each eyelash and winked with a smile at Rann, waving my hand towards the entrance wall, “Yeah, man! Are you blind? I’m real busy right now. I got tons of citizens waiting outside for my services,” laughing.
“Really!” He slowly spun around and scanned an empty room returning with a smile to see Starra. “Well, let me rephrase my question. Are you too busy with your busy schedule for a lunch meal?”
“Naw! A girl’s gotta eat her lunch meal with a friend.” I grinned and giggled, standing upright from the chair, nodding to Rann.
Rann continued to stand in place and snapped his fingers with a musical tune. From the hidden entrance lobby area, a parade of six silver tinted cylinder-shaped Wbots, or waiter robots appeared and flew in a line through the air pushing a floating object. Each Wbot halted in the middle of the dance food then worked together quickly assembling a dining table with two side-by-side chairs. The table held two place settings and an assortment of food trays. Then each robot flew backwards and stood in a row a few feet behind the dining table, waiting for an order from Rann.
I scooted around the office desk and strolled towards Rann, smiling at the lunch meal. “This is so nice. Thank you, Rann!”
He watched her and lifted his arm for an escort with a smile. “You’re very much welcome, Starra. I thought you might enjoy company for the lunch meal.”
I accepted his arm with a smile. “Indeed, I do.”
He slowly escorted her to the empty chair and pulled out the item. She slid down with a giggle. He sat down beside Starra, clapping his hand. One Wbot flew forward then stopped, serving the first meal course, a salad.

On the 11th hour (early afternoon), Starra and Rann continued to sit and chatted while consuming each moral of meats, fruits, bread, and the chocolate dessert.
He turned and smiled down at her empty plate. “You eat a lot for a noble lady.”
I shook my curls and licked the chocolate off the fork, “I hate vegetables.” I sucked down the chocolate goo then wiped my dirty mouth with the cloth napkin.
“I must remember that.” He slowly stood upright from the folding chair and leaned over, assisting Starra to stand.
I leaned into Rann, smelling his woody cologne, slowly kissing his lips for a while and then pulled back with a smile. “Thank you, Rann. The meal was delicious.” I exhaled with annoyance. “Now, I must go back to work.”
Rann continued to stand and smiled into her face, snapping the fingers. Each Wbots flew forward and worked together swiftly clearing and cleaning up each dirty plate, dish, and utensil from the dining table. He back stepped with Starra from the dirty table and escorted her back to the office desk.
I stopped and stood in front of the empty office desk, still smiling at Rann. I sighed with true love.
He broke from her smile and scanned the auditorium with puzzlement. “I do not see any candidates screaming or clawing to enter the new Tele army for Dirk.” 
I chuckled. “It’s more like failed candidates.”
He returned then frowned at Starra. “That’s an interesting statement.”
I smiled. “No, it is boring, time consuming, and disappointing work job.” I pondered mysteriously the lack of established Teles during the fifth alien timeline too. I sighed with strangeness.
“Is it boring, time consuming or disappointing for you or Dirk?” He frowned.
“All of that and this and it is for Dirk, not me. I’m just the workhorse here. I do what I’m told, as usual.” I nodded.
He exhaled with a nod. “Yes, we all do,” Rann smiled. “Maybe, I can entertain you for a while.”
“Please do!” I sat on the top of the metal office desk and crossed my legs with a secret sexy message” I am ready to marry you, Rann, before another young beauty snatches you away from me. I’m not getting any younger, ya’ll. I sighed with age.
The scattered group of fallen balls with an individual red painted face slowly floated up the floor like a Tele magic and then hung in mid-air. I had not performed that Tele trick either but stared with puzzlement at each levitated ball. I sighed with shock.
He laughed out loud and waved his hand. Each levitated ball dropped down then fell on top of the floor, rolling in different directions, hitting the side wall. He smiled at the side wall. “Do you care for a sitting chair, Starra?” Rann waved his hand side to side and then performed his T-flair with his telekinesis at the side wall of orange paint as two purple colored folded metal chairs in a stack on the opposite side wall, slowly walked from the wall, plopped open with an empty seat, and then gently scooted across the polished wooden floor, stopping beside her office desk, hitting the metal edge with a loud clank sound.
“How in the universe did you do that, Rann?” I continued to stare and pointed down at the two chairs. I sighed with impossible.
He reached out and grabbed her hand, guiding Starra to the first chair. “I practiced, practiced and performed more practices.”
“When did you discover you were a Tele?” I sat down in the first chair feeling puzzlement.
He sat down in the second unfolded chair and smiled at Starra. “The other day, after I had witnessed your amazing Tele demonstration inside this auditorium with Dirk, I concentrated with my mental mind. I want home and lined up in a row of glass tumblers on top of the kitchen counter. I stood a few feet from the row of tumblers. Then I used my mind and lifted one tall glass tumbler from the counter top in the air for two full seconds, before it fell, breaking down on the tile.”
“You’re a quick study.” I smiled.
“So, I tried it again and again and again, until I had perfected the move or motion, without breaking every single dinner plate,” he laughed with Starra.
I nodded with a smile. “Congratulations, Tele! You are my first recruit into Dirk silly elite Tele army. And you are entitled as a mover.”
“What am I?” He frowned.
“You possess the mighty gift, a tele power of telekinesis. The Tele power is assigned to a mover which is a clever nickname for moving an object or a range of objects only with your mind.”
“That’s very clever, Starra.” Rann smiled.
“I’m impressed, as well, Rann.”
“Not yet!” He smiled.
“Not yet!” I repeated.
“Watch this!” Rann stared at the side wall and waved both of his hands, performing a T-grab on each ball, card, and doll, executing a T-lift of each item up from the table, floating in the air with his Telekinesis. Each object danced and wobbled side to side.
I spun around and laughed at the minor demonstration. “O! And this is supposed to impress me, Tele Rann.”
“Not yet!” He smiled and wiggled his fingers, performing a T-grab with his telekinesis on the side table, executing a T-lift on the table as it slowly rose by two inches, then six inches, then twelve inches from the floor, and finally levitates three feet in the air.
“I’m very impressed.” I watched the table with a smile.
“Not yet!” He laughed and wiggled his fingers, performing a T-grab on Starra’s chair with Starra on the seat, executing a T-lift with the chair and Starra up the air also.
“Rann!” I reached down and grabbed the edges on my floating chair, without falling, slowly staring at a horizontal row that contained my chair with my body and my side table, simultaneously floating up high, higher, and highest into the auditorium rafters and halted fourteen inches from the orange wooden planks on the ceiling. I yelled out loud with fear. “I believe, Rann.” I continued to hold the edges of my chair as the metal chair rocked then rolled back and forth. I screamed out loud, “Rann!” I heard his laughter echo up into the ceiling then bounced down into my eardrums.
“Stay calm! Starra! Or I might lose my Tele trance on your chair,” He yelled back with a laugh as my chair and the side table slowly descended from the ceiling back towards the floor, gently tapping down on top of the wooden planks with an individual set of dull thuds. Rann continued to sit comfortably inside his padded chair and lifted both of his arms into the air with a smile of victory.
I leaped off the chair, so he did not play that Tele game again with my body. I looked down and smiled at him. “I’m truly astounded with your Tele talents.”
“Thank you,” he slowly stood upright from the chair without replacing back onto the opposite wall. “When does your shift end?” He leaned into her face and touched both of her arms.
I turned and viewed the big comlen above the stage platform, reading the current time, the second hour of an early afternoon returning to see him. “My work job ends on the fourth hour in the later afternoon.”
“Would you care to accompany me to the first night of the royal Carnival?” He said.
I smiled. “I’d love to accompany you to the first night of the royal Carnival.” I sighed with true love.
“Excellent, Starra! I’ll arrive at your Bonita mansion on the fifth hour in the evening.” I nodded with a smile in silence. He nodded. “Very good! Enjoy your afternoon, Lady Starra.” Rann leaned over and tenderly kissed her lips, pulling back with a wink, bowing at his fit waistline. He stood upright from the chair and slowly scooted around Starra with a smile. Each Wbot flew backwards with its cargo and exited the building first, before Rann. I sighed with true love.
I slowly swirled around and followed his back spine with a smile toward the entrance wall. I sighed with true love.
Rann exited the building, without fanfare, moving towards his personal airship inside the parking lot. 
I continued to follow his glowing personal aura within my metaphysical eyeballs. I sighed with true love.
“Starra!” Dirk yelled out loud and stood in front of the half-door of grey hue, below the stage platform. I swiftly spun around and sneered at Dirk. He nodded without instructions and then disappeared down into the tiny throne room again.
I decided to skip across the room with happiness while dreaming of Rann and then stopped, folding down at my waistline, entering the same tiny throne room. I sighed with marriage.
Inside the tiny room of purple, I quickly strolled towards the same side wall with the same purple chair, sitting down with a grin, staring over at Dirk in silence.
He sat down and stared back at Starra with a smile. “You seem to be enjoying a set of high spirits, today, worker Starra.”
“I do enjoy experiencing a set of very high spirits, today, indeed!” I used his favored word back for fun. I sighed with conceit. “And I have finished reviewing all your files, folders and records for Sickness patients.”
“And what have you concluded, worker Starra?” He nodded with a smile and reached over to the arm rest, grabbing a clear glass bottle of red colored liquid, nosily sipping on the sweaty bottle.
“I cannot find one single citizen that carries or carried or contained the Sickness condition anyway or anyhow or anywhere on any of the planets.” I frowned with puzzlement.
He cleared his throat and frowned at her. “Well then, you are missing something during your investigation, Starra.” He continued to nosily sip on his sweaty beverage.
“I wish to miss you.” I whispered for my eardrums only while faking a smile at Dirk.
“Would you care for a cold refreshing beverage, Starra?” He invited with a friendly tone and reached over, grabbing an un-opened tall clear glass bottle of orange colored liquid from the opposite arm rest, covering his face.
I shook my curls. “No, thank you! Alcoholic beverages affect my brain cells too fast. I can’t control myself.”
“Really!” He chuckled.
I frowned. “It’s just an observation, Dirk.”
“You should try this beverage instead. You’ll enjoy it. I promise” He swiftly stood upright from the chair and slowly moved ahead, stopping within Starra’s safe space, leaning over with the closed sweaty glass bottle.
“What is it?” I stared with puzzlement at the sparkling orange liquid and performed a T-zap with my telemetabolics while searching for any toxin poison content. This was Dirk that stood in front of my face. I sighed with danger.
“This is a new beverage!” He twisted the metal cap off from the glass neck and extended the glass bottle to Starra.
I quickly performed a T-scan on the glass bottle and the contents, finding no toxins inside the orange colored liquid, only inside Dirk, reaching out with a smile, accepting the glass bottle. The bottle was cold feeling and sweated on the glass material coming from the warm air temperatures. Dirk slowly back stepped with a smile and sat down, staring at Starra, sipping his own beverage. I sipped0 some of the orange cool liquid inside the sweaty bottle and swallowed the contents, staring at the bottle with a smile. “The beverage is very sweet tasting to my taste buds.” I chugged more of sweet liquid then swallowed with a smile and a nod to the bottle.
“The beverage is a mixture blend of sugar, water, and color for looks.” He smiled.
“So, is this some type of sugar water?” I sipped more of the sweet liquid and swallowed, smiling at Dirk.
“No, it is not a bottle of simple sugared water.” He sipped his beverage.
“There’s a taste. I taste a tangy mixture of tart oranges.” I chugged more of orange colored liquid and swallowed, smiling at Dirk.
“I have added an herb from my garden.”
“An herb.” I drunk more liquid.
“The herb from my garden is the secret ingredient inside the new beverage.”
I stared at the bottle which was almost empty of orange colored liquid, nodding with a smile. “This is really a great tasting beverage, Dirk.” I licked my lips with the sugary wetness then sipped more of the liquid. I sighed with intrigue.
He nodded. “Yes, my beverage is a big hit with all of the citizens. Every food and beverage establishment throughout the galaxy is serving my new beverage with each food tray.”
“Do you get the curr profits, Dirk?” I drunk more of the liquid and swallowed with a smile at Dirk.
“I own the universe, Starra.” He smiled.
I rolled my two eyeballs and returned back with a smile to see Rann, “Duh! I keep forgetting that. But you don’t receive all of the curr profits.”
“What about each Sickness patient, Starra?” He frowned.
I nosily drunk down the last gulp of the sweet orange beverage with a loud sigh and dropped the empty bottle down on to the wooden floor, without breaking the glass, staring at Dirk. “May I have another one of your new beverages, Dirk?”
Dirk continued to sit and snapped his fingers with a smile. A single Wbot slowly detached from the dark wall corner slightly behind his chair and slowly floated ahead with a tiny serving tray that held a glass bottle with sparkling green colored liquid, flying towards Starra.
I turned and frowned at the moving Wbot, missing that cylinder-shaped item inside the dark corner. I sighed with absentmindedness.
Dirk stared with a grin at Starra. “Did I tell you the sweet, sugary liquid is addictive?” He sipped his beverage and swallowed, smiling at Starra.
“Addictive!” I frowned at Dirk. Wbot stopped and hovered beside the chair with Starra, lowering down its metal arm with the tiny tray and sweaty bottle. I reached out and grabbed the new bottle, popping off the metal lid, consuming the yummy green apple sugary flavor on my pink tongue and within my set of invisible taste buddies. I sighed with delightfulness.
“Addictive!” He smiled at Starra. The Wbot flew backwards and stood inside the opposite wall corner in silver tinted glittery silence.
I dropped the bottle from my smile and stared with a laugh at Dirk. “That’s a lame joke from your silly joke book, ain’t that right, Dirk?” I consumed more of the green tinted beverage and swallowed with a smile, winking at Dirk.
“Right!” He laughed with a grin.
“You need to work on your punch line, king.” I consumed more of the beverage and swallow with a nod, staring at Dirk.
“Punch!” He frowned.
“Don’t you get it? You need some more punch in the mouth with any color. I refer to your new beverage, Dirk.” I pointed at green drink and laugh out loud, consuming more of the good tasting beverage, swallowing with a smile.
He nodded with a smile. “Citizens cannot stop drinking my new beverage, Starra.”
I slapped my chest with a nod. “Well, I can at any time and anyway and anywhere and anyhow.” I consumed more of the liquid and swallowed with a smile at Dirk.
“They just consume and consume the colored punch one after another and another…”
I slapped the arm rest with a nod and stared with a giggle at Dirk. “Well, I can stop anytime I want.” I consumed more green drink and swallow the liquid with a smile.
“What about the status of each Sickness patient, Starra?” He smiled.
“What do you call this stuff?” I rudely fingered point at the green tinted beverage then consumed more beverage, swallowing with a smile and a nod to Dirk.
“Fiss.” He smiled.
I removed the colored bottle of green hue from my pink lips and listened to the soft fizz sound bombarding my two eardrums as the mixture of sugar, bubbles, and water collided purposefully inside the clear glass. I nodded with a smile at the bottle. “This is a catchy name and a clever sound, Dirk.” I consumed more of the green apple flavored sugary watery drink then licked my sweet lips of the sugary residue, grinning with a giggle at the bottle.
“Thank you,” he nodded.
I looked up and winked at Dirk. “Geez! I don’t know you possess a set of brains, Dirk.” I consumed more of the drink and swallowed the liquid, staring with a smile at Dirk.
“What about the status of the Sickness patient, Starra?” He grinned.
I slapped the bottle down onto the arm rest and shook my curls, staring at Dirk. “I can’t find any or one or none. They don’t exist here within the new alien timeline. And I know that you know what I mean.” I consumed more of the drink and swallowed the liquid, smiling at Dirk. “And I have tested numerous citizens for your silly Tele army. I can’t find a Tele ability among the natives either. And I can’t explain it either.” I lifted and drained the last drops from the green colored apple Fiss bottle, removing the bottle from my set of sugary lips, licking my lips with a smile. I dropped the bottle down to the floor and snapped my fingers. A second Wbot detached from the other opposite wall corner with a tiny serving table with a single sweaty bottle of yellow liquid.
A square shaped room has four wall corners.
Wbot halted and hovered beside Starra’s chair lowering the serving tray, presenting a new, sweaty clear glass bottle of yellow tinted Fiss.
I grabbed the sweaty bottle with a smile and quickly screwed off the top from the glass, nosily gulping three deep swallows like an ocean fish, tasting a banana flavor.
“Addictive!” Dirk continued to sit and smiled at Starra.
I removed the bottle from my sugary lips and wiped off the moisture with the back of my hand, nodding with a smile to Dirk, “I’m just thirty. That’s all. I worked an entire day for you, king.” I consumed another sweet taste quickly and swallowed the yellow tinted liquid with a laugh.
“If you say so!” He chuckled with delight.
I removed the bottle from my sweet lips and nodded with the wetness around my mouth. “I do say so.”
He tilted his skull and stared with a stern face at Starra. “Maybe, you are administering each Tele tests incorrectly to every citizen.”
I slapped my chest and shook my curls, smiling at Dirk. “No! Not I! I am a great Tele tester with my Tele tests and my Tele talents.” I consumed more of my drink and swallowed the liquid, nodding with a smile to Dirk.
“Let’s test your theory of your incompetence.” He nodded.
I gasped with annoyance. “I do believe that you mean to use the word, competence.” I consumed more banana flavored beverage and swallowed with a smile.
“Excellent idea!” He nodded.
I removed the bottle from my sticky sweet tasting lips, wiped off my wet mouth with the back of my hand as I did not possess a napkin to absorb the moisture. I nodded with a smile to Dirk. “I want you to select someone, who you think might possibility possess a Tele power, and whom I cannot find. I will perform a Tele test this selected citizen, royal king. We shall see if I pass the Tele test as a Tele tester.” I laughed and pondered my silly statement for one second, shrugging my collar bone, consuming the yellow tinted Fiss. I swallowed with deliciously delight and smiled at Dirk. I sighed with sugary goodness.
“Excellent idea, Starra.” He smiled with a nod. “You are dismissed from work for the day.”
I continued to sit and consumed the bottle of Fiss, swallowing with a smile. “Where can I buy this product, royal king?”


Castle property of King Dirk
Dull sunlight with cold temperatures at 67ºF
5th hour (early evening)


I parked my airship.

All right! Fine!

I parked Dirk’s airship right in front of his manor and exited the seat, leaving the ship door open, on purpose for meanness. I dashed inside my borrowed mansion and stopped, standing inside an empty living room setting, waving both of my arms in the air with worry. I yelled out loud. “Bot! Bot! Bot, come in here with me. What does one wear to a royal carnival?” I continued to wave both of my arms through the air and lifted my right leg, still standing on top of the clean polished but scratched tile floor, staring at the stationary robot inside the wall corner with worry. I sighed with eagerness.
The cylinder-shaped silver tinted robot machine, Bot slowly awakened from its cold robot slumber and then slowly lifted its tin can from tile floor and stopped two feet in the air while detaching from the dark wall corner, slowly flying ahead toward its borrowed mistress Lady Starra. The robot flashed an array of colorful blinks in red, blue, and green lights inside its belly monitor in the center of the cylinder body frame. Its exterior smooth polished silver metal such like, a piece of eating silverware, appeared like a slender, tall cylinder trashcan that I had utilized every night in the manicured backyard at my Earth home on Starbelt Plantation for all my stinky garage items.
I retracted all my protruded limbs back down into my flesh body and still yelled out loud with my girly panic, “Bot!” I sighed with weirdness.
“That statement does not compute, Lady Starra.” Bot droned in monotone alto timber and deactivated its array of colored flashing lights, halting in the air, hovering in front of Starra such like a futurist statue.
I slapped both hands down over my dirty walking shorts with a sour frown. “What!” I exhaled with annoyance at the stupid steel-plated footstool that Dirk used to clean his dirty mansion while I will continue to blackmail the king living and lounging here in un-luxury situation, until I actually marry my royal Prince Rann. I sighed with true love.
Bot continued to hover and droned with that alto timber at Starra. “There has never been a royal carnival from any actually past ancient history, within the universe, on any noble planet to celebrate a royal king or queen’s day of birth inside in my data files. I cannot answer your inquiry, Lady Starra.”
I gasped in alarm. “Who was queen of the universe?”
Bot continued to hover and droned to Starra. “A pie eating contest is commonly listed during a social and fun carnival as it is shown inside my informational database for data.”
I frowned. “Who was queen of the universe?”
“You should not wear any type of clothing consisting of a delicate silk fabric, since pie crème stains the smooth fabric.”
I exhaled with annoyance and waved my hand with a nod, “All right! Fine! Okay! I’ll figure out that queen answer on my own time. What else goes on inside a social and fun carnival?”
“Animal shows.”
“No sandals.” I nodded.
“Windy rides.”
“What kind of windy rides?” I frowned.
“Water slides, boats, carts and carriages.” Bot droned.
“No skirts.” I nodded.
“Fake houses.”
“What!” I laughed.
“There is listed a fun or horror or love houses which is known as a carriage ride.” Bot droned.
I smiled with a nod. “What is a love house?”
“A carriage ride usually only seats a party of two citizens, sitting close together inside the same cart while sharing the same hearts and hard candy, and fresh flowers. I do not comprehend the love theme.”
I smiled with a nod. “The love house translates into a marriage for the party of two individuals, in which I love that idea.” I scooted around the hovering Bot and stomped over the scratched floor, climbing up the staircase with a smile. “So, I’ll wear a cute short jumpsuit for each ride and get a marriage proposal inside the love house. Yeah, that’s Rann’s true love plan. I love it. I love Rann. I love my life within the fifth alien timeline,” I hit the second level and strolled ahead to my personal bedroom to dress. I sighed with true love.
Bot spun around from the entrance wall and followed Starra up the staircase, over each second-floor plank and then rushing inside her bedroom while droning with an alto voice. “I cannot comprehend your statement, Starra.”
I waved an arm with a smile. “Thanks, Bot. Go back to your domestic housekeeping tasks, please.” I commanded as the princess of the manor. I sighed with authority.
Bot halted in the air and then flew backwards over the floor, back down the staircase, and landed down on the first level, performing it set of domestic housekeeping tasks in semi-silence.
On the second floor, I continue to march around my room as my active mind produced numerous images of different clothing styles for the lovely effect with my upcoming future marriage to my love Rann.
I decided and then dressed in a pair of white colored shorty-short walking shorts, a matching cropped top, and a pair of flat enclosed shoes for each toe bone protection from each grounded animal poop pile plus the breezy windy carnival rides.
I wore a white tinted outfit for innocence and pulled my long gray colored hair into a curvy ponytail that was tied with a white satin bow at ponytail arch. I stood in front of the reflection mirror and viewed my future bridal wedding appearance. I sighed with true love.
And I donned a pair of white leather soft shoes with a white tie bow around each ankle bone deciding to leave the tiara, the title, and the teasing behind tonight. I reached out and grabbed my matching shoulder bag for any fun carnival gifts from Rann too. This was our shared night together and alone, just the two of us as our budding romance began to bloom into an upcoming marriage for the two of us by the end of the week. I sighed with marriage.
I predicted without using my mighty Tele power of teleclairvoyance or seeing a future event that I would be wearing a diamond ring on my left hand of my fourth finger, tomorrow, followed by an expensive wedding ceremony, a week later.
Behind the closed front door, the door chime sounded out loud with a low tone of bong, bong.
“Don’t bother! I get it.” I shouted out loud and dashed across the second floor, racing down the staircase with a smile, hitting the first level. 
Bot exited from the kitchen and flew toward the same closed front door, racing with Starra.
Bot and I stopped and stood together in front of the closed front door. Bot droned at the front door. “I am…”
“Shoo!” I turned and sneered at the robot.
“I cannot comprehend that statement.” Bot continued to stand beside Starra and stared with its set of teacup eyeballs at the closed entrance door.
I swiped my hand in the air without hitting the stationary metal body on the hovering robot and sneered, “Scat thing!”
Bot flew backwards with its usual flight and then disappeared its metal can around the wall corner, back into the kitchen space, working on something with rattles and beeps. I sighed with annoyance.
I stood in front of the closed front door and yelled out loud to Rann, who patiently continue to sweat in the heated sunlight and stood behind the same closed door while waiting on the desperate old maiden behind the rotten-looking front door.
“I am coming to you, Rann!” I shifted my ponytail over my collar bone and appeared in a sexy gesture, slowly moving ahead, opening the door. I winked and flirted my hello greeting, “Rann, good evening!”
“Starra, good evening!” Rann moved inside with a smile and reached out, grabbing her naked hand first, cuddling her body next, and finally kissing her lips. He stood upright and surveyed her clothing. “You look cute.”
I smiled. “Thanks. I’m ready for anything at the royal carnival.”
“And I’m ready also.” He kissed her again and slid over into her rib cage, twirling them around, facing the open archway.
We slowly moved ahead and sounded with soft laughter, moving ahead towards his personal airship, acting like a pair of teenagers in love.

Wait! I am a silly teen.

Pbot hovered by the rear door and pressed an orange colored button on its cylinder metal shape. The button opened the rear door while two Gbots hung onto the rear bumper of the expensive air limousine while spying on the enemy, not the owner.
My jumbled emotions flooded my head, heart, and hand with love, passion, and leather spicy smells on Rann. We slid down into the rear bench seat and scooted closer using our hands, our arms, our bodies, and our lips touched tenderly and foreverly.
Pbot slipped back down into the pilot chair and steered the airship towards the direction of the royal carnival. Inside the rear bench, Rann pulled back with a frown and touched his lips. “What’s the taste in your mouth?”
I wiped the moisture with the back of hand from my wet lips, nodding with a smile. “I’m sorry for the bad taste. Fiss! I had a glass of Fizz, before I met you.”
He frowned and shook his skull. “You shouldn’t drink that nasty potion, Starra.”
“The potion is not nasty; it’s very sweet.” I smiled.
He gasped and then smiled at Starra. “It is not as sweet as you are.” He leaned over and kissed her mouth again. I sighed with true love.
The royal carnival was located inside the manicured grass and dirt field within the Game stadium grounds. Outside the stadium, numerous semi-crooked rows of silver tinted airships had park while releasing numerous citizens, who slowly continued to stroll towards the main entrance gate with laughter and smiles from the usual social event.
The weather displayed cool temperatures with dull sunset that will fell into nighttime as each field overhead lamp slowly started to illuminate and shined down on each exhibition. 
Inside the airship, Pbot parked the craft inside one of the crooked rows and pressed the button that opened the rear door. Rann did wait on the robot duty and slid out, standing on top of the hard-feeling, gray-colored pavement, reaching inside and pulls out Starra with a smile. He and her spun around and slowly moved with a thick crowd of yelling and happy citizens towards the main entrance door, wearing a smile of excitement regarding the first ever royal carnival event.
I moved ahead and enjoyed the warm body, studying the Game stadium. The stadium structure stood thirteen stories tall and was generally paint in blue hue. However, over the past four alien timelines, the poor stadium structure had endured a series of terrible earthquakes, bolts of lightning strikes, flood waters, fallen off concrete bleachers, crumbling gates, and other physical damage. The exterior blue paint had been repaired and splattered with a white color paint that needed to be further painted. The structure was still sound and safe for sitting and walking around as each damaged section had been walled off from the public eyeballs and the public bodies.
My nostrils smelled an assortment of cooking food items as my taste buds drooled for a plate of hot food. My eardrums heard loud and soft musical songs along with an individual narration from each MC at every exhibition, who enticed a citizen into the place for fun and adventure. My eyeballs squirted at the circular rows of bright lights that beamed down onto each exhibition behind the closed gates and the tall walls inside the Game stadium. I could not see each exhibition, but I could feel, hear, and taste the good vibes coming from each happy citizen while I slowly moved ahead and cuddled with Rann. He scanned the new environment with a smile in silence. I sighed with true love.
Each individual happy citizen slowed the pace with puzzlement, stopped, and then stood in front of the single closed blue tinted metal gate door, staring up at a newly constructed platform with a single robot.
The elevated wooden platform in fresh blue paint measured fifteen feet high from the ground and holds a long matching wooden podium, where a single robot in shiny silver hue waved four individual metal arms in the air and shouted out loud for each pair of metal and fleshy eardrums, “Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the first royal carnival! We have fun rides, hot food items, and heated feats of daring for your person to observe or participate but enjoy tonight. Step up and hand me your currs, which will provide entrance into the first royal carnival from King Dirk.”
In the back of the large crowd, I slowly moved ahead and closely cuddled with Rann, whispering for my eardrums only. “Yeah, Dirk is king. Yeah, Dirk must mention his own name. Yeah, Dirk is happy in this new alien timeline.” I smiled and whispered again, “Yeah, I’m happy, too. So, this is the ‘bestest’ alien timeline for both me and Dirk.” I sighed with marriage.
We slowly strolled ahead and allowed each family units of an assortment of yelling and dirty-faced children ahead of us, making our space semi-quiet and alone.
Each individual guardian or parent swiftly paid and slowly moved through the open archway, one at a time, entering the grounds of the carnival and then scattered as a family unit or an individual towards one of the numerous exhibitions. However, some of the family units swiftly spun around and dashed away from the entrance gates with their set of shouting and screaming children, heading back to the family transport or public airship. I sighed with true love.
It was our turn.
I advanced ahead with a smile of excitement and cuddled into his rib cage while staring at the Sbot or service robot in silence.
“How many admission tickets do you require, Prince Rann?” Sbot, or service robot, was programmed to recognize a noble or noblette while droning an alto timber down at Rann.
Rann held two fingers near his smile and cuddled with Starra. “I would like two admission tickets into the first ever royal carnival please.”
Sbot did not nod but droned in an alto timber to Rann. “The total admission price is two hundred currs, Prince Rann.”
Rann gasped in shock. “The price for one single admission is one hundred currs.”
“The price for a single admission is one hundred currs. This is the king’s royal decree.”  Sbot continued to stand behind the counter and droned in an alto timber while staring down at Rann without blinking its teacup eyeballs or shaking its metal cylinder body frame.
“Of course, it is King Dirk.” I continued to stand beside Rann and softly sneered. I sighed with meanness.
I looked back over my collar bone and viewed a huddle of colorful rags of clothing on each tiny body. Each tiny body on a child wore a sad of disappointment without entering the first every royal carnival. Each tiny body was a child that came from Dirk’s clan of house servants…naw…slaves that lived and worked inside the royal castle without proper payment, respect, and clothes. Their parents couldn’t afford the high admission currs on each royal carnival ticket even though it has been set by their employer, King Dirk.
My heart broke open inside my chest. I wanted to enjoy the first every royal carnival. Rann and I had thought about this lovely evening with us together all day long at my boring job and inside my cold metal office desk inside the auditorium. I sighed with true love.
A carnival was a fun park with numerous games, mostly for children, while each adult watched their child or children participate in fun while enjoying each ride, a plate of food, and handful of candy, but not these little kids.
I exhaled with disappointment.  So much for being alone with Rann tonight, I could not enjoy myself, unless I could help that group of little kids get into the first every royal carnival also while having some fun, before going back home to the royal castle. I sighed with sacrifice.
I would pay for their individual carnival admission. I was not a rich noble like Rann, but I possessed additional currs and I could pay for each child’s admission rather than their poor parents. I would pay for that group of children to ride a few ponies, play a few games, and eat a few snacks. Anyways, I would blackmail Dirk for more currs tomorrow. I sighed with deceive.
I reached down with a smile and pulled out a handful of sparking golden triangles, which were currs, from my white colored shoulder bag that matched my cute white outfit.
Rann frowned at the Sbot and softly cursed underneath his breath, “Dirk, someone needs to stop him, or at least, remove his body from that throne chair, soonest,” he turned and gasped in shock, seeing Starra. She had pulled out currs from her handbag. He frowned with confusion and then heard each sissy whine from the group of children, looking back over a collar bone, seeing the children from Dirk’s castle. Each child was dirty, poorly dressed, and skinny in each body frame. He exhaled with angry then smiled at Starra. She wanted to aid the children first without caring for her sweet person. This was why Rann loved her so much. He reached down and patted her cupped hand, grabbing the currs with a smile. “I’ll take care of the children and you tonight. How’s that, Starra?”
I allowed Rann to steal my currs as I would blackmail Dirk for more money tomorrow. I looked up and smiled at him. “You have read my mind, Rann. I was just thinking about the children too.”
He spun around and smiled at the group of children, tossing her currs into the air. Each triangle reached its trajectory and then fall back down, hitting the dirt ground in silence, landing in front of the group of children. Each child squeaked out loud with delight and chased after each grounded triangle, stacking them inside a pocket.
I spun around and leaned over with a smile into his cheekbone. “Maybe, the children can follow us around for a little while as they would need an adult chaperone.”
He nodded. “Yes, I can read your mind, too. And you want me to feed the children also.”
I gasped with delight. Rann really could read my mental thoughts. I nodded my curls in silence.
He examined each child with a nod. “They do have parents …”
“Please…”
He nodded with a smile. “Well, I’m a little hungry for a plate of food, too. I believe children should be provided with numerous nutritious meals quite often in the evening to stay healthy and fit. I can’t resist your lovely smile.” Rann leaned over, kissing her lips, pulling back with a smile.
“Thank you, Rann! You are always correct, Rann. Children do need meals to stay healthy.”
He viewed the group of children and motioned with his hand, “Youngsters, follow me and come this way.” He spun around and paid the entrance fee, escorting Starra into the first every royal carnival as the gang of children followed the back spine on the noble couple and entered the carnival.
I had never attended a carnival event either.
From the closing entrance gates, an avenue of packed red dirt glided a paid customer through a winding footpath towards the second level tier, where new construction had occurred. The second level tier around the entire game stadium field had been converted into an assortment of outside eating restaurants with an individual outdoor patio that was filled with small tables and short chairs for observing each exhibition on top of the field and eating a plate of food.
Rann and I followed the curvy dirt pathway with a smile of excitement for the first every royal carnival slowly following behind crowds of citizens. The group of children slowly padded ahead in a tight huddle together while playfully shoving each other body parts with loud happy laughter, sticking close to Rann, who was their adult supervision and he had the currs for food and carnival games tonight.
We slowly climbed the second level stairs and moved toward each restaurant.
I turned and smiled down into the partial grass and dirt field, where usually the Game competition was played in blood and guts from a real player, but not tonight. I viewed numerous erected exhibitions, winding tall and squat fun machine equipment for rides, and numerous stationary game vendors for competition which are surrounded by rows of colorful carnival prizes. I sighed with excitement.
Below the second tier, some of the citizens had passed the food booths and started riding each machine equipment, playing the vendor games, and entering each exhibition.
I scanned each restaurant that was busy with rows of hungry citizens while selecting my first meal for the evening, jabbing a finger at the vendor space with a smile. “Our first stop will be the ice cream shop.” I continued to move with Rann and smiled at each picture with a colorful ice cream flavor on the side wall of the smaller shop. Each child bounced up and down from the ground and loudly cheered with joy.
Rann spotted the same food shop with types of flavored ice cream also and frowned with annoyance. “No, no, no! If I’m going to feed the children, they will eat a nutritious meal, before any type of sweet dessert. And you will also eat your nutritious meal, before your sweet dessert, too, Starra. We must portray a pair of good role models for the universe, shouldn’t we, Starra?”
I nodded with a smile in silence.
He turned and smiled at her nose profile. “What would you like to eat for the supper meal?”
My eyeballs darted to each restaurant and as I smiled at my favorite one. “For my supper meal today at the first every royal carnival, I would like to consume two hot dogs and then for my late dinner meal, I would like a piece of fried chicken and for my late evening snack, I would like a cup of juicy fruit slices.”
Rann rolled his eyeballs and viewed the row of restaurants. “Geez! I’m going to be feeding an army tonight. I can tell,” he veered to the hot dog stand and stopped in front of the counter, smiling at the Sbot. “Please, give me…” he glanced back to see the huddle of hungry children, then Starra, and finally returned back to the robot with smile, “Four dozen hot dogs with only mustard and ketchup.” He reached down and dug out the currs for the meal. “What beverage would you like with first supper, darling?”
I bounced up and down on top of the hard concrete with a smile and pointed at the new tall glass bottle on the rear shelf. “I wanna a tall tumbler of Fiss, the purple one.” I had not tried that new favor for tastes buds.
He held the loose currs in both palms and turned with a gasp to see Starra, shaking his skull, “No! No! No! You can consume any other beverage but a Fiss drink.”
“Why not?” I frowned with disappointment at the new Fiss bottle of purple hue. I really wanted to try that new flavor. I bet it tasted like a bag of real purple colored fruit grapes. Dirk had done an excellent job of brewing or batching or bartering the stolen Fiss recipe from one of his poor servants. I must investigate, where Dirk had stolen the ingredients from. Then I would make certain that the poor servant was richly rewarded also. I sighed with duty.
He continued to shake his bone skull with a sour frown at Starra. “The beverage Fiss contains too much sugar for the kids and your biological body, Starra. Don’t you remember here? We are the two adults who are providing a role model for each child here, Starra.” Rann smiled at the Sbot, placing the handful of currs on top of the counter with a set of small tings. “I am ready to order. I would like to purchase two-gallon containers with sweet milk please with the hot dog order.”
Sbot accepted the pile of triangles first as instructed from his evil king Dirk and slid them down into the open drawer sounding with numerous tings, spinning around, quickly preparing the paid and ordered meal for the customer. It swings back around and provided two large food trays. Both Rann and Starra reached out and grabbed the numerous food trays, back stepping from the counter top, slowly spinning around to find a long table.
The group of children, Rann, and I all arrived at one of the larger empty tables and sat down, quickly consuming the food within minutes.
At the table, Rann stood upright from the chair and smiled down at each child, who either stood or wiggled in a chair, licking their food-stained fingers and matching food-stained lips with delight.
I continued to sit at the eating table and wiped my mouth with the napkin, dropping the item down into my empty plate, slowly standing upright from my chair, staring with a smile at each child, who seemed to be happy and content. I clapped with a grin. “We have eaten our supper meal and have obtained lots of running energy. Now, let’s go and play some games. How does that sound for our next adventure at the royal carnival?” Each child quickly stood and wiggled side to side, clapping with laugher, staring at Rann and then Starra.
Rann grabbed her hand and scooted around the messy table. Another Sbot arrived and started to clean up the messy table for the next family unit to consume their tray of food items. Rann spun around and moved ahead continuing down the row of restaurant, exiting down a ramp the avenue of dirt. The huddle of children followed behind the noble couple.
Rann and I slowly maneuvered around the numerous pods of screaming crowd of people veering down the main avenue. The dirt covered avenue split into four different foot pathways inside the carnival grounds. One footpath displayed rows of funny and lovely merchandise goods for curr purchases.
A second footpath showed lines of entertainment vendors that displayed an electronic game booth or fun educational displays for the smaller kids.
A third foot path offered individual dirt plots with an individual competitive contest against two or more citizens for fun amusement.
The last foot path ventured down each tall and daring thrill machine ride, where riding citizens screamed in terror or moaned in pleasure.
Rann and I veered down the avenue of game booths. Each child raced ahead of us with a smile and then stopped, standing at the first empty game stall, pointing with laughter at each stuff toy animal. We stopped and stood behind the row of children.
Rann reached down into his pocket again and pulled out a handful of currs which allowed numerous plays for each child, leaning over, handing off the pile of golden triangles with a wink to the vender owner. “Now, I know the talents of each child. Every child is sharp and clever and will receive numerous stuffed toy animals. Do you believe that, with me, miss?”
The tall, slender, black-haired female game vendor owner moved ahead and stood in front of Rann, pulling both of her hands into two cupped palms, winking with a nod and a smile to Rann. “Yes, Prince Rann! I do believe that each child possesses great talent. And I can ensure you that every child will be a winner more than once here inside my vendor booth tonight. I promise you that I will close my shop for the evening and escort each child back to the castle. I know their parents. And thank you for this fun night for the kids.”
“It is my pleasure, miss!” He poured a pile of tall currs into her cupped palms and slowly back stepped from the counter, squatting down among the children, pointing at the rear wall with a large hole. “Come and stand around me, kids! Now, you are required to take a turn and listen to the nice lady. She is going to hand you a small ball. Then you stand at the counter and toss the ball over the counter top, after you do that, then you tell the nice lady which toy animal from the lines of prizes that you wanna keep and have…”
“Geez! I get to keep the prize, sir!” One of the taller girls with blonde hair gasped in shock.
Rann turned with a smile and nodded to each child. “Yes, you get to select which prize you want, and you get to keep it and take it back home for your bed. The nice lady is going to escort you back to the castle. So, I am leaving now but do enjoy your fun night, kids.” Each child bounced up and down, clapping with loud cheers. He slowly stood upright from the dirt as each child dashed ahead towards the counter while laughing and giggling with excitement. Rann continued to back step for the row of children, not worrying about their care as the nice lady would see to their well-being. He spun around and winked at Starra.
I smiled and advanced to Rann, cuddling his body, kissing his lips and pull backed with a grin.
He smiled. “Now, we can go and play a game here at the carnival. Which game intrigues your mind and your body?” He chuckled.
I giggled with my guilty pleasures and turned to view a long and active line of busy game booths. “How about we go there? You can use a fake gun and shoot something,” laughing.
He turned with a smile and nodded to the shooting game booth, slowly moving ahead with Starra, stopping in front of the low counter. He provided another handful of currs to the cute female owner with a wink, reaching down, lifting one of the fake guns with a smile. He aimed and targeted a row of tin-plated yellow ducks, shouting out loud with laughter, “Pow! Pow! Pow!” He lifted both arms in the air and waved the fake gun above his hair roots with laughter, dropping down the gun, placing on top of the counter with his fun fake adventure.
“Winner!” The female owner stood at the side wall and winked at Rann while violently shaking her tall, queen-sized body side to side with a laugh.
I turned and gasped at the flirting female owner and then sneered into Rann’s cheekbone. “You don’t…” The owner reached up and jerked down a large overstuffed red colored doll with blonde hair strands that looks like Queen Rita, handing the item to Rann with a laugh.
Rann accepted each stuffed toy with a nod and handed to Starra.
I stared down at the toy and then over to owner, looking back with a sour frown at Rann, accepting the lovely gift for fun.
He hugged Starra and kissed her cheekbone with a whisper. “Let’s see if I can acquire you another fun prize.” I sighed with true love.
We slowly ventured down the rest of the dirt avenue and stopped at each one of the non-busy game booths, where Rann pretended to play the vendor game and won one stuff prize based on the large pile of currs to the owner.
Both of my arms were filled with numerous colorful stuff toys. A set of four Sbots swiftly arrived in front of my person and removed each prize from my arms, toting the set of soft items back to Rann’ personal airship with a provided curr fee, of course, from sweet and handsome Rann and then disappeared from sight.
I spun around from the last game booth and caught a glance of the set of borrowed kids, where each child held an assortment of stuff animals. A row of six short and shiny Sbots removed the group of toys from each child and then toted each prize back to a new airship. The female owner led the row of robots and the gang of children from her vendor booth, leaving the carnival grounds, returning home to the castle, after an evening of fun and games.
On top of the short grass in-between the four avenues of entertainment, Rann cuddled with Starra and stared at the row of rented Sbots with a smile.
I stared at each rear metal can on each robot with a smile. “I do believe that we’re going to need a larger limo, Rann,” laughing.
He nodded. “And I do believe you’re correct. Let’s go and explore the Agri stands, before I’m required to accumulate more carnival prizes for my love. Anyways, my shooting arm hurts from the playing so much,” he reached out and shook his arm with laughter as he had not fired one single fake shoot at the posed target. Instead, he had paid each game vendor owner to obtain a carnival prize for Starra.
Rann and I slowly ventured back down the dirt avenue of games, watching each citizen, lightly chatting about varied subjects, and then turned down into the exhibition aisle.
The aisle was covered in packed red dirt, where each side displayed an open market with a mysterious Agri Business Associate handing out a tall and overstuffed free food pack, consisting of meats, fruits, and horticultural plants that all came from Planet Agri. A Sbot had been provided to tote the heavy food bags back to a shared airship or outer space starship. Each new service robot was a paid donation coming from Ty and the Tech World, where Rita had received bags of currs from the other rich nobles, not King Dirk. I sighed with friendship.
We slowly moved down the dirt avenue and collected a new batch of new followers, pre-teens. Each pre-teen had recognized Prince Rann, who was one of most popular, richer, and generous nobles within the universe.
The first warehouse contained an agricultural display that had been filled with rows of food stuffs, shelves of green colored nursery plants, and rows of penned farm animals consisting of cows, sheep, pigs, chickens, horses, mules, donkeys, cats, and dogs. O mine!
Each station displayed a first place blue colored ribbon for the largest thing in the universe: the largest bean stalk; the largest sunflower; the largest tomato vine; the largest cake; the largest pie; the largest cookie; the largest pizza, the largest sandwich; the largest hot dog, the largest hamburger; the largest cow and the other largest item that continued around each wall corner.
We turned the wall corner and met half the distance between the largest cow and the largest bull, Ambassador Ty appeared and stumbled into Rann and Starra standing beside a pretty, young adult female while folding her arm into his forearm.
Ty stopped and smiled at her, slowly turning to see Rann with a nod, smiling at her again. “This is Joy.”
“Hello, Joy,” I stood in place beside Rann and grinned at the new female.
“Welcome to the Carnival, Ty and Joy.” Rann did not bother to bow but grinned at love sick Ty. I sighed with true love.
“Good evening, Prince Rann!” She nodded with a smile.
Ty leaned over with a grin and whispered into her eardrum. She smiled, “Rann and Starra.” Joy possessed an array of delicate pale skin like snow. Her eyes held tiny purplish specs which were embedded in her dark blue irises giving her an exotic look. I sighed with curiosity.
“This is the largest bull.” Ty pulled Joy into his chest and ignored Rann, pointing at the big, ugly object.
Rann and I tagged behind Ty and Joy, moving beside a low fence of chicken wire on the next Agri display.
Ty was very proud of his transfer planet as he pointed at each interesting and non-interesting displays while talking with a set of secret words into Joy’s eardrum.
I leaned over and smiled into his cheekbone. “Ty has forgotten to mention the largest smell,” he and I softly chuckled.
“No bull over there!” Rann pointed at public bathroom stalls. I laughed.
Ty and Joy turned the wall corner and continued down the Agri displays.
Rann and I veered in the opposite direction giving the young couple some privacy but collected a group of new pre-teens. We wondered into the latest machinery shop from the Tech World and viewed each new piece of shiny machine.
One smart-hole, brave-hearted teen dashed ahead of the noble couple and stopped, turning around, standing in front of Prince Rann and pointed at the new airship.
Yep! A few minutes later, kind-hearted Rann had purchased that very same airship model for the greedy teen, waving at the kid from the ground. He would make a great father for my child. I smiled with my alien secret. I sighed with paternity.
Each teen placed an order to Rann which was immediately filled. Then each teen zoomed away from Rann by land or sky or sea from the royal carnival as we continued to wave a good bye without a worry as each teen was not our biological kid.
We moved through the Tech World exhibition and emerged outside, strolling down the dirt again towards a new display.
I stared up at the skyline and viewed some of the new starships for each teen, laughing out loud with humor. “A new zipper ship, when do I get mine?”
Rann stopped with a gasp and frowned at her nose profile. “I can go and purchase one this moment for you, Starra.”
I playfully slapped his bicep with a smile. “I was joking with you, Rann. I don’t really desire a ship.”
He winked at her. “What is it that you do greatly desire, Starra?” I sighed with true love.
We advanced into the horticultural tent with a group of curious pre-teen girls in hot pursue.
 I stopped and smiled at dozens and dozens of beautiful and colorful flowers. I loved flowers. I swooned with love’s desire and imaged our wedding with dozens of red colored flowers, everywhere. I sighed with marriage.
We continued to stroll elegantly down an aisle of sweet-smelling flowers.
“Do you like flowers?” Rann asked.
“I adore flowers.” I remarked and examined each potted plant, display, basket, vase, and box as the red sign warned: Please do not touch. Within the pod of giggling pre-teen girls behind the noble couple.
“I like this one.” Tall girl giggled out loud and pointed down at the yellow carnations.
“I like that one.” Short girl laughed and pointed down at the pink flowers.
Rann whispered into her eardrum. “Excuse me for a moment, Starra.” He released her arm and spun around, bowing down at his fitted waistline, standing upright with a playfully wink at each cute pre-teen female. I sighed with jealousy.
He always did that “hand thing” with each old and new and young and teen female.

Get over it or get used to it!

Either way, Rann was a very popular and admired noble by each old and young male and female, where I must change his male behavior permanently. I sighed with envy.
He nodded with a sweet smile. “Ladies!”
“Sire.” They sung in unison and then giggled musically.
“Please, enjoy any bouquet your desire for the evening with my compliments.” Rann pointed down at each side aisle of flowers. Each pre-teen female giggled and wiggled their body with excitement. He viewed the trailing Agricultural robot that followed the pack of girls. “Place your selection with Abot.” He produced a handful of currs and tossed them in the air.
Abot lifted from the dirt and extended numerous limbs, catching each single curr for the flower payment. “Thank you for your large flower purchase, Prince Rann.” Abot lowered down to the dirt and assisted each pre-teen female with their personal selection including pretty flowers, green plants, and glittery trinkets. Finally, each pre-teen female had exited the exhibition with happiness and armful of gifts, dancing with giggles back to their family.
“Finally.” Rann stood beside Starra and nodded with a smile at the retreating pod of pre-teen females while cuddling Starra.
I enjoyed the heat and the smell of his body. “Finally.” I repeated with a grin.
He turned and winked at Starra. “Now, I do believe it’s your turn.”
“My turn, for what, Rann?” I frowned.
“What is your favorite flower?” He smiled.
“Roses, I love the smell and beauty of roses.”
Rann purchased thirteen baskets of pink shaded roses for Starra that was sent back into a second limousine, where each bouquet would be delivered inside her castle, before she arrived home at midnight tonight from the first night of the royal carnival. I sighed with true love.
We spun around and exited the horticultural tent, slowly strolling down the third street with rows of windy entertainment rides.
“Should we take a ride over the calm waters, Starra?” He winked at her.
“Yeah!” I smiled.
We stood in line and waited our turn, standing in front of a line of boats that bobbed up and down in the calm pod of water.
Rann smiled and snapped his fingers. Two Sbots moved from the side wall and steadied the wobbling boat. He held her hand and glided Starra down into the small water boat, since he was a true gentleman.
I sat on the left side with a grin inside the two-seater boat. He sat beside Starra and wrapped his arm around her waistline, pulling her closer into his chest.
The tiny boat shot down from the ramp and then violently jerked sideways. I slightly tilted forward from the padded bench when he caught my arms, pulling back into his chest. I giggled and he smiled. I sighed with true love.
Rann and I disappeared into a dark tunnel, viewing the first display. A flying cupid in bright yellow hue in the air pointing its red tinted bow down at the water. The real pointy arrow landed down on the top deck of our wooden small boat.
I jumped from the impact and frowned. “Geez! That was too, to close for my heart.” My heart hammered heavy inside my chest cavity.
“Too close for my heart also.” He shifted his body and kissed her cheekbone, leaning down, kissing her naked collar bone.
A second love display presented a golden tinted robot boy and a robot girl sitting on top of a cloth blanket inside a manicured lawn eating an ice cream cone and holding hands.
“Boy,” I smiled at the display with giggles.
“Girl,” He smiled at her.
A third love scene appeared and showed a married robot couple pushing a pink tinted baby stroller through the woodlands of a green grassy park.
“Baby,” We both laughed out loud. My face morphed in red hue of embarrassment. He leaned over and kissed her lips. I sighed with true love.
We continued to rid the water boat without viewing the other love displays moving towards a bright light as hundreds of wrapped candy pieces and chocolate dropped down and bombarded our hair roots. We emerged into the dull illumination with a pair of blinding eyeballs.
I opened my eyelashes and blinked a couple of times, viewing Rann. His hair strands had been sprinkled bits of tiny colored confetti.
He smiled back at her with delight, happiness, and mischief.
I didn’t need my Tele power of telepathy to read his mental thoughts as I held the same mental idea. He leaned over and kissed my pink painted lips. I sighed with true love.
He pulled back with a frown and stared at her through the moonlight and bright rows of overhead lamps. “I don’t think I got that right.”
I smirked. “I do believe that we should do this ride all over again, until we get it right.”
The boat stopped at the dry dock.
He smiled. “Let’s do try this ride over again.” Rann snapped his pads. Two Sbots appeared and held the wobbling water boat against the platform. He slid out and stood on top of the dry platform, leaning down, extending his hand to her. I stood upright from the seat and stepped onto the dry dock, cuddling into his warm body.
We walked back to the line of citizens and waited our turn to ride the water carriage into dark Tunnel of Love for a second time. I sighed with true love.
The pair of two tall and shiny Gbots waited for our boat carriage and made us abandon the Tunnel of Love exhibition, after our eighteenth boat ride.
We left the exhibition and slowly wandered around the other ones, ditching our fun from the Fun House first, pathing our way around the other vendor merchandise booths, where Rann had purchased volumes of real jewelry for Starra.
We slowly strolled down the last avenue of dirt and headed towards the water lake.
I wore a gem ring on every finger, but my thumb. A thumb wasn’t a finger, ya’ll. A thumb was the shortest thick digit on your hand next to our index finger, in case you didn’t know that.
Two diamond bracelets rolled on every wrist and ankle bone, which was the math number of four. Two diamond earrings dangled down from each earlobe. I wore four diamond necklaces that danced at varying lengths around my naked throat going down to my belly button that hid underneath my blouse.
A half-moon shaped diamond tiara ruled my hair roots and a diamond covered hair bow decorated my ponytail arch crushing the true princess image. I was a diamond encrusted sight to behold and I giggled with total delight. I sighed with true love.
“Well, the night has finally ended. The carnival lights are slowly winking out into darkness. I guess the first every royal carnival is closing for the evening. I have had some much fun. Thank you, Rann!” I watched the two service robots. Each shiny floating trashcan wrestled and wrangled each citizen towards the open gates.
He slowly walked and cuddled Starra strolling through the open gates, moving ahead towards his air limousine. Four individual tall and shiny Gbots stood at guard and protected the rear bumper and the front grill on the transport with their shared metal humor.
I continued to smile and rambled with excitement. “Time flies away with carnival fun and games. I didn’t like Dirk. But his idea was a good, noble idea, indeed,” I smiled.
Rann growled. “Dirk is not noble or good. The royal carnival benefited his treasure chest, only.”
I gasped in alarm. “Yeah, I know that. But the citizens had fun tonight. I do believe that the citizens should have some fun in a life of hard work and all.”
He leaned over and whispered into her cheekbone. “How about I join you tomorrow at the auditorium, Starra? I can assist you with your testing duties for new Tele candidates. We can eat our shared breakfast meal together, before your work assignment, compliments of my buddy Ty, of course.” He chuckled.
His buddy Ty owned and operated Farm World, but Rann continued his deep connections with the Food World or Planet Agri through his original marriage to dead Baronetess Ivy within the second alien time line.
Rann enjoyed acting like a king and serving up a kingly feast for each one of his friends and his new girlfriend with a queenly banquet room. 
I nodded with a smile. “I would love to eat my shared breakfast meal with you, compliments of Ty.”
We entered the rear bench seat inside his air limousine. Then Pbot drove each one of us home for the evening. I sighed with true love.

Alien Day 106


2nd hour (late afternoon)
Auditorium location
Parted clouds with bright sunlight at 84ºF


I had to come into the auditorium for my daily work job as I had made a deal with the devil...naw...Dirk. Hey! However, both evil beings started with the alphabetic letter D.
Anyways, I arrived at work and sat inside an empty auditorium. For the life of Dirk, I could not figure out where the Teles had gone or went or whatever. So, I had been setting up the Tele equipment, when Prince Rann had strutted inside and waved both of his muscular arms at Starra with a row of metal robots behind his butthole as each floating and flying robot held a tray of good-smelling food items.
Rann sat beside Starra at the office desk and stayed, of course. The food was eaten and then the row of metal robots cleaned up the floor and left the auditorium building.
Now, Rann and I were leaning into each other's face, whispering a string of sweet words of nothingness, when a citizen appeared inside the curved archway.
Rann shoved Starra side and stood upright, waving both his arms in the air with a smile at the new citizen.
I slowly stood upright from my metal chair and stared with a stern face, scooting into his body for fun.
He cuddled Starra with one arm and waved the other at his friend.
Ambassador Ty wore his traditional noble outfit, a pair of dark green trousers that were tucked down into a pair of shiny brown colored knee-high boots and an open vest of matching fabric. He possessed a head of cropped blonde colored hair and a tone of dark skin with a pair of brown eyeballs. He slowly approached the occupied office metal with Rann and held a smile, stopping in front of the couple.
Rann continued to wave his free arm in the air and pointed with a goofy smile at the rafters inside the auditorium, slamming his free arm down onto the metal table with a loud ping. “Come and join our social party, buddy. Are you interested in becoming one of Dirk’s smelly turds?”
I quickly stomped my boot heel down into his left foot. Rann continued to smile and winked at Ty.
I exhaled with annoyance and then smiled with a head nod to Ty. “Tele! The word is Tele, not…”
Rann leaned down and slapped a light kiss on her cheekbone while breaking her concentration. Starra continued to stand in silence with a light giggle. Rann stood upright, nodding to Ty in silence.
Ty turned with a smile and darted his eyes around the interior walls, scooting from the first occupied table, standing in front of new table with the Tele equipment. He “Hi, Rann, I’m more interested in becoming a Tele, not.” Rann grinned with a sissy giggle.
I shoved my elbow and punched the rib cage on Rann with a lady sneer, sliding behind the second table, pointing down at the chair with a smile. I sat down and nodded to Ty. “Please, sit down in the electric…naw…testing chair on the opposite side of our office table.” He occupied the chair in silence and nodded to Starra.
I reached out and touched the first Tele deck of card. “I am going to conduct the first of five Tele test. Now, I am shuffled the cards and then select a random card from my five-card deck holding the card upright in the air,” I grabbed the cards and placed them down into my lap, swiftly shuffling the deck with various numbers and letters for each Tele candidate, slapping a stack of cards back onto the metal surface. I picked the first card and held it near my stern face, staring at Ty. “Ty, tell me what image is on this card?”
From the first metal table, Rann swiftly scoots sideways and stood at the back spine and rear hairy skull on Starra, looking at the card lifting four fingers while softly sniggering.
Ty continued to sit and viewed Rann, seeing the true answer, shouting out loud to every pair of eardrums. “The card held the math number of four.”
I continued to the card and frowned while ponder his correct answer. 

I mentally flashed back, within the second alien time line, when noble Ty had tested and possessed the two Tele powers of telemetabolics and telekinesis, not a telepathic skill.

Then I mentally flashed back into the present fifth alien timeline and exhaled with puzzlement, nodding with a smile at Ty. “I am stunned with your answer. You are correct! The card displays the number four,” I dropped the first card and reached down, grabbing a second card with a head nod in silence.
Rann continued to stand behind Starra and smiled at Ty, rotating an index finger around in the air wave.
Ty looked down and held his snigger without tattling on Rann, clearing his throat, looking up to view Starra. He tilted his chin side to side and grinned at Starra. “The card holds a circle.”
In the chair, I gasped in shock and dropped the card. Maybe, in each time, each Tele would gain more Tele powers. I nodded with a stern face to my Tele candidate. “Yes, you are correct again, Ty. Wow! This is incredible. The second card displays a complete circle.”
Rann swiftly danced side to side and then completed a circle for fun, returning, standing behind the rear skull on Starra, softly chuckling with a smile. He winked at Ty.
Sitting my chair, I reached down and pulled a third card near my stern face, nodding to Ty. “What is the image on this card?”
Ty continued to sit and stared at the card. Rann frowned and studied the card, deciding how to explain the image. He looked up and winked at Ty, drawing an image in the air.
Ty frowned at the imaginative image coming from the rotating index finger on Rann. “Uh! The card is a s...” Rann coughed out loud and shook his bone skull while continuing to draw the item in the air waves. Ty cleared his throat and stared at the index finger. “Uh! The card image is a s...” Rann coughed out loud again and shook his bone skull, pointing his index finger at Ty.
Ty smiled and slapped his chest, nodding to Starra. “The image is me.”
“What!”  I frowned at Ty.
He smiled. “Uh! I mean...”  
“Ty fails.” Rann laughed with a nod and danced side to side behind Starra with happiness.
“What!”  I frowned at Ty.
Ty slapped his chest and nodded with a smile. “I cheated on you, Starra. My good but not noble buddy Rann gave me a visual and silence hint on each Tele card. I am sorry. Do you forgive!” He wiggled his four finger pads in the air and laughed with amusement.
I continued to sit and wore a sour frown, reaching down, jerking out my personal silver tinted dagger from my left thigh-high boot. I was not amused with their fun and reached out with the other hand, snatching the stuffed doll, sliding the item in front of Ty. I lifted the blade of the dagger near my sneer. “Now, you can take me on and try a new Tele test.” Ty continued to sit and gasped in fear.
I leaned down with my dagger and my lady sneer, cutting through one fake leg on the fake doll. The red tinted ketchup flowed out from the evil pretend wound on the fake doll. I pointed down at the leg wound. “I cut the doll and made it bleed. Use your secretively healing powers of telemetabolics and heal the open wound on the doll.”
He nodded with a stern face and leaned down, placing one open palm on top of the leg wound, feeling a warm sensation from his hand. He lifted his hand and gasped in shock. The red tinted ketchup stopped flowing from the leg wound and the wound was closed in a stream of yellow tinted pudding.
I stared down at the doll with a smile. “Congratulations, Ty! You are official a Tele healer.”
On the opposite side of the metal surface, Ty jumped up from the chair and bounced around in a circle, pumping out both of his arms in the air, laughing out loud.
Rann quickly steered around Starra from the opposite side of the shared office table, stopping beside Ty, slapping both of his fists into Ty for fun while laughing out loud with enjoyment.
I continued to sit and stared at the two teenagers while working my day job for my daily payment of currs. I did not want Rann suspicious that I might possess more than one Tele talents. Normally, I sat here and quickly performed a Tele scan using all my four Tele powers, determining any Tele talent.
Rann back stepped and stopped the horseplay, nodding with a stern face to Ty, pointing at Starra. “There is one last test, buddy.” He shuffled to the row of stands with an individual white tinted ball, “Raise each ball in the air!”
Each white ball including the ones with Dirk personal art work swiftly lifted from the stand, hovered in the air for half-a-second, and then dropped down, bouncing over the hard floor with a sound of tiny tings. Then, each ball lifted from the tile and soared up towards the ceiling rafters, crashing into the hard glass surface and then swiftly dropped back down through the air currents, landing down on the hard surface again.
I continued to sit and smiled at the beautiful Tele flying exhibition coming from new Tele Ty. “Ty has moved all the balls. Each ball hits the ceiling and then bounces across the room. Good job, Ty!”
Ty continued to wave his hands and maneuvered each ball through the air waves, smiling at his new Tele skills. “I did it. I really did that.”
“Yup! You are a born Tele mover, Ty.” I nodded with a smile and looked down, tapping the new information on the new mini-bot coming from King Dirk, proving that I was not incompetent as a Tele tester.
Rann continued to slap at the bicep on Ty for wicked fun. “Congratulations, buddy! Welcome to the Turd Club!”
I frowned down at the screen on the mini-bot. “Tele Club, Rann!” I quickly performed a T-scan with my telepathy inside the four tiny interior walls of the secretly hidden throne room underneath the stage platform in case Dirk was there spying on my person.
Rann spun around and waved his hand, performing a T-flair with his Telekinesis, pulling a second folded metal chair from the wall corner inside the empty auditorium, streaking a set of black marks across the clean floor. The chair halted in front of the third table, unfolded into a sitting seat, and then scooted underneath the table edge. He pointed to the chair with a smile. “Come over here and have a seat, buddy!”
“Thanks! But I got my own.” Ty smoothly performed a Tele trick with his own telekinesis filling two of the four empty tables with rows of unfolded chair for fun.
Rann could not be second best and waved both of his hands through the air waves while performing a Tele grab on the remaining folded chairs in each wall corner, pulling each one into an empty table or behind the sitting chair for fun.
I continued to sit and looked up, giggling at the two foolish males. I sighed with fool time.
Ty advanced ahead and slid down at the last table into one of the empty chairs, waving both of his hands, juggling a set of white balls in the air while he experimented with his newly re-discovered Tele power of Telekinesis. He dropped down each ball onto the stand.
I looked down with a smile and scribbled the Tele results inside the mini-bot for Dirk.
“I bet I can make my balls go higher than yours, Rann.” Ty continued to manipulate numerous balls with laughter.
Rann shook his bone skull and moved ahead, sliding down at the middle table, surveying the fallen balls and the floating balls with a smile. “I bet you can’t.”
Each loose ball exploded swiftly up in the air and then hovered there for entertainment. “And I can make her and mine balls float in the air too,” Ty continued to sit and laughed out loud with his new Tele feats.
“You cannot.” Rann smiled.
“Watch! I can make your balls, her balls, and mine balls float together higher, faster, and swifter than before.” Ty reached out and waved his hand, performing a Tele grab with his Telekinesis on each grounded ball and then each flying ball, making each ball shoot up in the air.
Rann continued to sit and leaned back, waving both of his arms above his hair roots, performing at Tele steal with his Telekinesis, grabbing all the balls from Ty.
I looked up and smiled at the group of stolen items. “You took his balls. Could you control his balls?” I laughed at Rann.
“Sure thing, sweetheart!” Rann turned and winked at Starra, making each ball perform a circle or a straight line while Ty waved both of hands and tried to steal back one ball without success.
I slowly stood from the chair and scooted around the table, stopping in the middle of the auditorium floor, staring at the magic show.
Ty exhaled with annoyance and scanned the large room, seeing the tiny boxes of new balls, flinging out his hands. He performed a T-grab with his Telekinesis and opened each new box, lifting each ball in the air, soaring the white swarm of ball up towards the ceiling for his amusement.
Rann watched with amusement and laughed. “Do that again, buddy!”
“All right!” Ty moved his arms and his hands, shuffling each white ball off the ceiling, then each side wall, and then flew each ball back and forth in the air currents. He slowly stood upright from the chair and manipulated the ball in the air, moving into the middle of the room.
Rann copied Ty and stood on the opposite side of his friend, creating a pocket of empty air.
I gasped in alarm and swiftly scooted backwards, slamming my back spine into the side wall, acting as the referee for the new ball game. I sighed with fun.
“Point!” I motioned to Ty with a smile as a set of flying balls hit the long wall behind the rear skull on Rann. Some of the weaker ball broke off into tiny plastic components bust and dropped down tiny pieces on top of the tile floor. I pointed at Ty again with a smile. “Point! Ty leads your deadly game 25 to 22.”
Rann continued to stand on his side of the room and hissed at each missed ball, striking the group of balls which landed more on the floor rather than back at Ty.
I pointed at Ty for a third score. “Point!” I motioned towards Rann offering my serious encouragement. “Come on, old man!”
He gasped in shock and dropped down all his painted ping-pong balls on the floor and as each ball bounced up and down rolling from Rann. He frowned. “What did she call me?” Rann frowned and stared at Ty.
“I believe Starra used that old term, ancient.” Ty laughed and as his set of balls shifted in the air displaying a strange pattern.
I felt the rapid air waves shift around my body as my Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
A group of white balls flew from the middle of the room and approached my face. I performed a T-shield with my telekinesis for an anticipated ball smacking from a playful attack, placing both of my forearms over my facial freckles for a visual effect of girly weakness. Then I executed a T-hold with my telekinesis on the flying flood of white balls, stopping the semi-crooked rows of balls in mid-air using my mighty and secretively Tele power of telekinesis, smiling at the two naughty team players. The other Tele thought the other one saved my face from the barrage of flying balls. This activity was more fun than busting Dirk’s nose bridge within the fourth alien fourth time line. I sighed with entertainment.
“Starra!” Dirk appeared in front of the stage and shouted out loud, sneering at the new guests inside the auditorium room. Each air-borne ball dropped down to the floor, dancing in an array of different directions, sounding with tiny pings.
“What!” I turned and sneered at Dirk.
He moved ahead from the hidden stage door and snarled at Rann and Ty, “What is happening in here, Starra?” Dirk stopped and stood a few feet from the half-way door while hearing a set of loud laughter from Rann and an annoying howl from Ty.
I smiled at Dirk. "Well, we are on a break, boss. Or is it, bossy?” I laughed with my friend.
Dirk turned and sneered to Ty and Rann, “Dismissed, all of you!”
Rann flung both of his hands in the air. Each chair quickly folded upright and then dropped down on the floor with a series of individual loud crashes. He continued to stare and sneered at Dirk, scooting sideways towards Starra, stopping beside her. He pulled Starra into his chest and continued to snarl at Dirk, leaning down, whispering into her cheekbone. “May I see you in private, please, Starra?”
“Starra!” Dirk shouted out loud and growled at Rann.
I leaned over and whispered into his throat as I was shortness compared to his tallness. “Now is not a good time for this, Rann.”
Rann continued to stare and softy sneer at Dirk. “After your brief meeting with Dirk, please come and join me at the front gates of the Royal Carnival.” He leaned down and stroked her cheekbone, firming saying for every pair of eardrums while staring at Dirk. “If you need me, then please comfone me, immediately.”
Dirk sneered one more time at Rann and then spun around, leaving the auditorium, entering the half-way door archway and disappeared from each pair of eyeballs.
Rann leaned down and kissed her lips, pulling back with a wink, removing his body from Starra. He spun around and met his friend Ty. They moved ahead towards the archway while bumping each head bone, whispering a strand of secret words.
I continued to stand at the wall and smiled at his back spine, waving both of my hands with happiness, “Bye, Rann and Ty. I will be there shortly at the Royal Carnival, after my brief work meeting with Dirk.” I spun around and sneered at the open half-door archway, swiftly dashing ahead, crouching down from the short archway.
I entered the hidden throne room and stopped a few feet from the door, standing with a sneer at Dirk. “What!”
On the side wall, King Dirk lounged in his oversized throne chair and sipped on the Fiss drink in a dark shade of purple. Starra liked the same flavor and could smell the grapes. He removed the glass bottle and looked down at the beverage, “You are not doing the job that I am paying you a set of currs for, Starra.”
“What?” I continued to stand and frowned with annoyance as I had a hot date with Rann at the Carnival and my daily work was done. I sighed with fun.
“Where are the group of talented Teles?” He viewed Starra.
I lifted both of my arms in the air and waved them for fun, dropping them down, slapping my skirt with a smile, “I give up! You tell me, Dirk!”
He nodded with a smile. “Very well! I am telling you not to entertain Rann. I might have to set new work hours for you …”
“I’d like to see you try that one, Dick.” I spun around and moved ahead back to the half-way door.
He sneered at her back spine. “Do not threaten me, Starra! Do you not remember our deal!”
I continued to move away from Dirk and nodded my curls with the affirmative deal while approaching the open half-door door, talking within my mental thoughts. The true devil was a much nicer creature. I sighed with evilness.

Alien Day 107


8th hour (early morning)
Auditorium location
Bright sunlight at 66ºF


I entered the auditorium room and stared at my two uninvited guests. Rann and Ty both quietly sat against the wall in a chair...naw...a purple tinted designer furniture. I stopped beside Rann and pointed with confusion at each purple tinted furniture chair that rested underneath his butthole, gasping in shock. “Where did this come from?”
“What!” Rann looked up from the screen on his personal mini-bot devise and smiled at Starra.
I was standing very close to Rann and reached out, kicking the short leg on the purple tinted designer furniture chaise lounge with my pink tinted sandal, screaming in furious worry. “This thing!”
“This thing came from Dirk’s office.” He winked at Starra.
“This ugly thing specifically came from Dirk’s hidden and ugly newest throne room, which is located underneath the center stage platform. Did you know that there was a hidden throne room which was located underneath the stage platform, Starra?” Ty looked up and nodded with a smile to Starra.
Rann turned and laughed at Ty. “Well, I did not know that. I did not know that there was a hidden throne room which was located underneath the center stage platform, Ty. Did you know that, Starra?” He returned and winked at his girl.
I gasped in alarm and stared at Rann and then Ty. “Please tell me! You didn’t, do it!” I parked both my folded fists on top of the pink tinted waistband on my new sundress, since I had gotten currs to purchase some new clothes.
“I didn’t, do it!” Rann pointed with a grin at Ty.
“He didn’t, do it!” Ty pointed with a smile at Rann.
“Ty!” I yelled at the true thief of the pair.
“Our two individual work stations needed some more graphic flair.” Ty smiled.
“Flair!” I frowned.
“Flair! I like that cool descriptive term, buddy.” Rann turned and chuckled to Ty.
I dropped both of my arms and shook my curls, wearing a worried brow, staring at them, “You, boys are going to get me fired from my paying job, today.” I spun around with a sour frown and moved ahead to the first empty table which was designated as my work station for my working job, so I would not receive any additional currs to buy additional pink tinted sundresses for Rann.
“Really!” Rann smiled at her back spine.
“That’s good, isn’t it?” Ty smiled at her back spine also.
I rolled my eyeballs and spun around, sitting down in the cold metal chair without viewing Rann and watched the archway for a new citizen. “… and my limp body hung from the gallows.”
“Really!” Rann turned and frowned at Ty.
“That’s not good, is it?” Ty turned and shook his bone skull at Rann.
I looked down and tapped on the mini-bot screen, quickly reading the nasty threat from Dirk, shouting out loud with worry and annoyance, “Stang!
Rann frowned at the rear skull on Starra. “Don’t use that word, Starra!”
I ignored his statement and screamed out loud, “You are right, buddy! Double stang! Triple stang! Quadruple stang!” I spun around in the chair and sneered at Rann who was causing trouble between me and Dirk.
“Hello!” A female voice echoed from the open archway.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything is fine.
From the wall side, Ty leaped up from the luxury chair and dashed ahead, running into the table, knocking down each stand with a single ball. He raced ahead with a smile to the pretty female and extended both of his arms. “Hello! Come in!” He met and cuddled her at the open archway, spinning around, slowly moving inside the auditorium. They slowly strolled and viewed the interior walls, alone and together.
I spun around and gasped in shock at the two love birds, slowly standing from my chair, walking backwards and bumped into the chair with Rann. I slid down in the lap and leaned over into his chest, staring at Ty and Joy.
What’s up? I connected, linked, and then Tele talked to Rann.
Ty had been blessed with the Tele power of telekinesis while not being able to read a mental mind thought or reading any mental conversation.
Young love! Rann connected, linked, and Tele talked back to Starra.
I spun around in his lap and sneered at his smile. “And what in the universe are we?”
He leaned over and lightly kissed her cheekbone, pulling back with a wink. “Old love!”
“I’m not old.” I hissed.
“Our love is older than time, Starra. We are a pair of soul mates.” Rann smiled.
I accepted that old love concept and cuddled back into his chest, spinning around, watching Ty.
Joy sat in an empty chair on the last table beside Ty as they leaned down and whispered with a set of secret words.
“What are we going to do for the rest of the day, Starra?” Rann whispered over her hair roots.
I had almost forgot my other purpose here within the fifth time and it was not planning a wedding. I sighed with frustration.
“Work!” I frowned at the love couple.
“I have a novice idea. We can go to the Royal Carnival. The front gates open in thirty minutes.”
“No! I have Tele tests to conduct.” I sighed with frustration of my working job for working currs.
“What Tele turd is getting a turd test today?” He frowned.
“Rita.” I waved a hand and performed a T-grab with my telekinesis at an un-opened bottle of my favorite beverage in red colored Fiss, levitating the sweaty cold bottle from the table surface into my open palm. I captured the bottle and then swiftly gulp down the sweet red strawberry flavor of the Fiss, smacking my sugar-coated lips together with a sound of soft awe.
“Testing Rita for what? Hair and makeup tips!” He snarled. Rann had displayed great dislike for Rita within each time line. He reached over and plucked the open Fiss bottle from her hand, staring at the sweet beverage. Are we drinking the Fiss beverage, again, this morning??”
“Don’t mock me!” I spun around and faced his chest, reaching up with both arms, wiggling my two hands at the bottle of Fiss.
“Mock you!” He lifted his arm into the air and away from Starra’s short arm span.
“Dirk does not trust me as it is.” I snarled.
“Dirk does not trust you. He almost loiters over your hair root, Starra. And I have mentioned before the high sugar content in this beverage…”
I performed a Tele kick and then swiftly executed a Tele leap from his lap, standing on top of the floor, reaching up in the air and tried to capture my Fiss beverage from his wavering arm. I injected with angry.  “What’s in your water fountain? No! He does not.”
“Hey! Where’s everyone? Hello! I’m here!” Rita yelled out loud and stood inside the curved archway, scanning the room with a smile, spotting Ty and Joy. She slowly strolled ahead in her blue tinted jumpsuit and veered towards Rann and Starra on the side wall.
At the last empty metal table, Ty turned and sneered at the face on Rita, swiftly standing upright, leaning over and helped Joy to stand upright from her chair. They cuddled and then quickly exited the auditorium in silence, since Ty greatly disliked Rita also.
Rann turned and sneered in response, swiftly standing upright, staring at Rita. I spun around with a smile and leaned over, whispering into his chest, “Be nice!” 
“Be bad!”
I exhaled with annoyance and straightened my new dress, whispering back into the chest on a growling Rann. “Be nice!” Rann and I moved together ahead to meet and greet Viscountess Rita.
She continued to march ahead with a wicked grin to Starra. “King Dirk has asked me to participate in your little experiment, Major Starra.” She stopped in front of Starra and Rann, nodding with a grin to Rann.
He growled at Rita. “He did.”
I reached out and punched my pointy elbow into his rib cage. He scooted sideways and cuddled closer to Starra with his love and protection.
I commented with a sweet smile and friendly tone to Rita. “Yes, he did.”

I mentally flashed back into the second alien timeline, when Viscountess Rita had possessed the Tele power of telemetabolics which was the healing touch.

Then, I mentally flashed back into the present alien timeline, I was not going to waste her time or my time with the other silly Tele trials as I proceeded with the direct examination. “This Tele test is called telemetabolics or the healing touch on any person or pet.”
He tugged on her arm and leaned over, whispering over hair roots. “May I speak with you in private, Major Starra?” He did not wait and shoved Starra backwards from Rita, stopping in front of the first orange metal office table, growling at Rita. “I will test the Tele turd.”
I continued to fake a smile to Rita and gritted my teeth with a lady growl, “I am the tester here, Rann. You are the watcher, only.”
“Why are you testing her with the telemetabolics talent first? I want you to try the other Tele assessments before that one.”
I smiled with a nod to Rita, “Rita possesses a healing touch.”
“How do you know of this particular Tele talent, Starra? I do not know that,” he turned and stared down at her silver tinted hair roots with confusion
I exhaled with more annoyance and wished that I was alone in performing my assigned Tele job without my curious boyfriend Rann. I knew the answer and he did not. I bumped his rib cage with my fake smile, whispering into his chest. “I promise to you, Rann. Once Rita has been tested for her Tele talent, then you and I will meet up with Joy and Ty and all will go have some fun at the Royal Carnival. How is that plan? Ty will not be useful today with anything as he is will Joy for some fun too.”
“I don’t know.”
“I do know.” I nodded with a smile and shoved Rann away from my body. He possessed too much over protectiveness over my person. I moved ahead and nodded to Rita while pondering my internal thoughts.
Dirk was applying mental and external pressure on my mind and my body to find more talented Teles. Rita was a minor Tele talent, but her valid Tele performance would prove that I knew what I was doing. Then, I could spend more time in the playground with Rann rather than continuing to encounter the nasty wrath of King Dirk. I sighed with proof.
I stopped and stood in front of Rita, pulling out my silver tinted dagger from the hidden pocket inside my dress, displaying the weapon on top of my open palm in friendship and honor. “We will begin your Tele test. This is my weapon. Now, cut me!”
Rita looked down and gasped in alarm, snatching up the dagger in the air, stabbing the sharp point down into the collar bone on Starra and drugged the knife point down the upper arm towards the left elbow on Starra without removing the dagger. The diamond hilt twinkled from the bright beams of sunlight inside Starra's arm. Rita laughed out loud with an evil smirk.  “O! Do I cut you like that, Starra?”
“Stang!” I yelled out loud and reached out, grabbing my bleeding limb, shivering in the death of coldness then the fear of hotness while avoiding the total darkness of pain. I sigh with total harm.
“Dirk didn’t say to kill her, Rita.” Rann yelled out loud and reached out shoving Rita away from Starra.
My red tinted blood proteins swiftly escaped from my numerous wounds, dropping down on my body, my new pink tinted dress, and the clean floor. I sighed with doom.
“O! I am so sorry, Major Starra. I guess that I got a little carried away.” She laughed out loud and flowed backwards from Rann’s violent hand shove, clapping with delight, smiling at Starra.
Rann reached out and jerked the embedded dagger from the bone of Starra's forearm. 
“Stang!” I cried out loud with a set of rolling tears in pain, dropping down toward the floor, landing on my kneecaps.
He dropped down and cuddled Starra with worry and fear. “You need a Bbot, right now, Starra.”
I whispered to Rita, “Heal me, Rita!” I had to complete the Tele examination and closed my two eyelashes, swallowing a gulp of shallow air, before passing out totally from pain.
“Heal her!” He cuddled Starra and looked up, growling at Rita.
“Okay!” Rita stopped the dance and stood upright, forming both of her arms and hands into a V-shaped pattern, lifting them up towards the ceiling rafters like she knew what to do. She closed her two eyelashes and hummed a soft musical song while worshipping the Sun Goddess of Dummies.
“Heal her!” He yelled out loud with fury.
I continued to kneel in my blood and bleed from my open wounds while opening and then closing my two eyelashes of wet moisture, gritting my teeth in pain. I stayed semi-conscious for Rita to complete her Tele test of telemetabolics.
“I am getting into my Tele trance.” Rita continued to stand and worshipped the ceiling rafters with a soft whisper.
Each one of my red blood dropped down first and stained my new pink fabric into a spot of dull peach tone. Then, some of my free-flowing red blood proteins kissed my arm or slammed down on top of the bloody floor. I felt both lightly dizzy and heavy with stomach nausea.
“Do it now, Rita.” He screamed at the female. “Heal Starra right now, Rita!”
Rita stopped the hum and whispered with a smile with both eyelashes shut. “Hmm! This is interesting! I am feeling or getting something warm and strange inside my body.”
“Heal Starra!” He growled at Rita.
“I got it. I can do this,” Rita opened her two eyelashes and clapped her hands, leaning down, slapping both of her heated hands down onto the ripped and open collar bone wound on Starra. Starra shivered in death and then grunted in intense pain clutching her wounded arm. Rita continued to smile and hum as her healing touch caused each open blood vein to concatenate on top of Starra’s collar bone. Rann and Rita watched Starra’s ripped bleeding skin tissue swiftly fold back and then heal in place while closing the continuous wound from Starra’s collar bone down towards the ripped elbow joint. Rita removed her hands and stood upright, examining her clean hands. “Wow! Look! No blood on me, Mama!”  She laughed out loud and wore a wicked smirk, dancing in a completes circle several times for fun.
He continued to cuddle Starra and stared down at the healing wound on Starra. “You have passed, Rita. You possess the Tele power of telemetabolics. Now, go back and tell your king!” He looked up and hissed at Rita.
She stopped her dance moves and stood upright, staring down at Rann, slowly bowing down at her fitted waistline and stood upright with a wink of laughter. “Well, if you insist, Rann!” Rita spun around with laughter and danced side to side, exiting the auditorium setting into the bright warm sunshine.
“Starra, I’m taking you to the medical wing,” He lifted and cradled Starra with worry, following Rita through the open archway.
I felt warm and love in his two folded arms, whispering with a slight smile. “Good! Because I think I’m bleeding to death.” Then, I fainted into darkness.

Alien Day 108


7th hour (early morning)
Auditorium location
Bright sunlight at 71ºF


I entered the auditorium, after my bed rest at the local hospital, yawning with boredom. I stopped and stood beside him. “You are here inside the auditorium very early for my work day, Rann.” I planned to marry Rann in this timeline and exhibited a new shorter pink tinted sundress with a pair of matching pink tinted sandals again.
Rann really was not allowed to visit Starra in the medical wing that resided inside Dirk’s royal castle, so he had waited inside his air limousine all night, falling asleep on top of the cold leather seat, missing her exit this morning.
I nosily slurped a new sweaty cold bottle of blueberry Fiss.
“Yes, I am.” he sat comfortably in the metal office chair with his two boot soles on top of the empty work desk, leaning the chair backwards against the wall paint, tapping on Starra's mini-bot. He read all the information and then deleted it once it had been read.
“Are you waiting for me?” I watched Rann and my mini-bot. I needed to wrestle the mini-bot from Rann and then type out my daily report for Dirk, slurping the Fiss.
“Yes, I am.”
“Where is your buddy Ty?” I turned and scanned an empty auditorium then viewed Rann while sipping on the Fiss beverage.
“How are you feeling?”
“I feel great!” I slurped the Fiss.
He looked up and smiled at Starra. “Good! I’m very worried about you and …”
“Where is your mischievous buddy Ty?”
“Vacation or sick or leave of absence or school or work?” He laughed.
I turned and frowned at his face, “What!”
“Which word fits, bestest?”
“You forget the noun.” I extended my free towards my mini-bot and scooted around the office desk, sitting down behind the metal table, staring my work day. I slurped the Fiss.
He dropped down both of his boot soles and slammed the two chair legs down onto the floor, scooting the mini-bot to Starra, leaning over her smooth cheek with a smile. “A noun is a person, place, or thing.”
“The person, who is a noun and is named Joy.” I slurped and finished consuming the blueberry Fiss, releasing a faint burp sound from the sugary water, licking my wet and sugar-coated lips with delight.
“So, I forgot the noun. Are you open to new ideas, Starra?”
“Yes, I am.” I placed the empty bottle beside my elbow and started tapping on the mini-bot, working on my daily report.
“Skip.” He smiled into her cheekbone.
“Skip! For what purpose?” I continued to work on the mini-bot.
“Skip work.”
“Skip work? Oh, no! No way! I can’t.” I continued to work on the mini-bot.
“You can.”
“I cannot.” I continued to work on the mini-bot.
“I don’t see any citizens waiting for a Tele testing.” He wrapped both of his arms around her body, looking around the room with a smile. “No lines! No citizens! No work, Starra!” He returned back then softly blew into her cheekbone making her giggle.
Yeah, I greatly desired to skip my working job and then go and play for fun, but there was my deal with the devil...naw...Dirk. I sighed with toil.
I continued to tap on the mini-bot. “Very good point! There are no lines of candidates for tests. Therefore, you are relieved of your work duties, today. Go and play, Rann!” I sighed with jealousy.
“Go and play with you, Starra.”
“Go and play, without me, Rann.” I stopped the taps on the mini-bot as Rann continued to touch and probe my body. I giggled with love and stared down at the screen of light and black tinted words.
“You come with me.”
“You come, without me.” I repeated the stupid set of words with a smile.
“Please come with me.” He leaned down and kissed her cheekbone, reaching over, nibbling on her earlobe.
I exhaled with a deep sigh. “Please come, without me.” I frowned with confusion.
“I will.” He whispered into her eardrum and cuddled her tightly.
My body shook from his love touches and as I was becoming hotter, feeling his body heat inside our closeness. “I…”
“I will.” He whispered into her eardrum.
“I…”
“I will. I want you to repeat that phrase, after me.”
“I will.” I repeated softly.
He slowly stood upright with a smile and gently jerked Starra up from her chair, cuddling her, whispering over her hair roots. He smiled at the open archway. “You obey very well.” He chuckled with delight. They spun around and slowly moved ahead towards the curved archway.
“I will.” I slowly strolled with Rann and then repeated the phrase for a second time. I sighed with second time.
I could not seem to resist my boyfriend Rann, this morning, because I loved Rann.
They continued ahead and exited the auditorium into the bright sunlight, moving ahead towards his parked air limousine. 
He whispered over her hair roots and stared at the transport. “I’m so glad you decided to come with me, Starra.”
“I will.” I continued to walk and repeated the stupid two words for some strange reason and then I corrected. “I mean to say, me, too.” We stopped and slid down into the rear compartment, sliding together over the cool leather bench.
One of the four guarding, tall, and twinkling sliver tinted Gbot robot slammed the rear door shut.
Pbot drove the transport down towards the Game stadium and the Royal Carnival

On the 8th hour, early morning, the front gates at the Royal Carnival setting were open. Rann paid for two tickets and then escorted Starra into the event. The birthday celebration for King Dirk had been a big hit with the group of citizens as each one of their currs had been poured into the food and merchandise vendor stalls which were all owned by King Dirk also. I sighed with too much Dirk.
The new love couple, Ty and Joy had waited patiently for Rann and Starra while slobbering over each other’s face in front of the admission gate. We all slowly ventured down the central avenue of white gravel. Then the pair of Ty and Joy quickly disappeared in the opposite direction, getting away from Rann and Starra. I sighed with true love.
At the next exhibition which was entitled with a long sign: Weight Lifting Contest.  Each strong galactic competitor lifted up numerous a heavy object in the air for fun, such like, a zipper engine, a pallet with three stack of solid white colored concrete blocks, rows of steel bars, a pile of three red tinted clay bricks, numerous small kids in a sitting chair, and a platform of four giggling teenage girls in a chair.
Rann and I stood and laughed at each amusing event.
Beside a long platform of numerous heavy objects, a tall, brown-haired male turned and jabbed a finger at Rann. “You’re next, sir.”
Rann gasped in shock and then reached down, tickling Starra with laughter. “I’ll lift your body in the chair into the air.”
I wiggled side to side, slapping his two waving hands. “No, that is too embarrassing for you and me, Rann.”
“No! It’s fun and embarrassing for you, not me.” He tried to shove Starra towards the platform.
I stood my ground and crossed my arms while shaking my curls with a sour tone. “This is fun for you, not me.”
“I’m strong.” He lifted both of his naked biceps into air and flexed his muscles. A gathering of young teen females stopped and stood behind Rann, sounding with a set of soft awes. He spun around and winked to each teen girl.
I spun around and hissed at the teens, swinging back around, reaching up and jerked down one of his arms near my body. “All right! I believe you.”
He spun back around and cuddled Starra, moving ahead towards the platform, “I’m very strong.” He stopped and reached down, grabbing Starra, tossing her body through the air.
I landed down inside an empty chair with a growl of annoyance.
He moved ahead with a smile and stood behind the rear back on the chair with Starra, shouting out loud to the gathering audience of young females and older males. “I’m very, very strong.” He bent down at the kneecaps and grabbed each rear chair legs, slowly lifting the chair in the air with a fake grunt, slowly standing upright.
I held onto the edge of the seat and wiggled my two legs back and forth fun, feeling the jolt of his arm height. “Are you lifting me up into the air, Rann? I just can't tell, yet.”
He performed a T-flair with his telekinesis and held the chair with Starra for a few more seconds as the audience loudly cheered.
I continued to sit in the chair and crossed my arms, frowning with annoyance. “Show off!”
“Yes, I am,” he released his T-flair and then slowly dropped the chair with Starra down towards the wooden platform as the audience members cheered for the prince. The chair stood in top of the platform with Starra. He bowed at his fit waistline to the cheering audience and then stood upright, lifting both of his arms in the air. The audience cheered more loudly.
Rann dropped both of his arms and leaned down, cuddling Starra, kissing her lips. He stood upright again and lifted both of his arms in the air. The audience continued to cheer for the prince.
On top of the wooden platform, I exhaled with happiness and stood upright from the chair, scooting sideways and cuddled Rann, who was my guy, my boyfriend, and my prince also. I sighed with true love.
“A trophy and some currs for Prince Rann.” The Master of Ceremonies scooted sideways and presented the two prizes to Rann. The audience members continued to loudly cheer for the prince.
Rann cradled each prize and exited off the wooden platform, stopping in front of the females, handing off the trophy and the bags of curs to each female. The females giggled with silliness.
We moved ahead in a loving hug down the gravel avenue towards a new exhibition. I leaned over and whispered into his chest. “Do you forgive me, Rann?”
“I might.” He nodded with a smile to each citizen.
“Forgive me, please.”
“For a price …”
“You’re a tough negotiator.”
“I’m a prince.”
“Forgive me now, prince.”
“Forever and always, I will forgive my princess,” he stopped and leaned down, kissing her lips for a few seconds, standing upright and winked at Starra. I sighed with true love.
We continued down the same gravel avenue and then stumbled into the next exhibition: Arm Tossing Contest.
The usual green tinted grassy game stadium field structure contained the new competitive event and had been transformed with a circle of outer rows with an individual giant big tall object. The interior field contained a circle of individual contestants that stood in place and tossed a heavy long object with an arm muscle at a tall item for the win and for the show.
Each citizen leaned over and whispered a set of soft words about the group of talented contestants and slowly shuffled through the single gate, entering the arena, finding a seat with their loving family members or friends.
Rann stumbled first through the crowd and held Starra's hand, finding a small lonely table with one single chair, which was not a desirable setting for a party of two or more people. However, it was a loving section for one person and their girlfriend.
Rann stopped and swung around, sitting down first in the single chair and spread both of his kneecaps with laughter, slapping the empty space on the edge of his hard chair. I stopped and stood in front of Rann while blocking his view, staring down at the small edge of the chair. I pointed down at the small part of the hard chair, “Do you want me to sit there?”
“Yes, please sit! I can't see the competition.”
I exhaled with annoyance and then spun around, whirling my new skirt, within his eyeballs. He had leaned sideways and watched the competition. I straddle upright between his biceps and stared at the event, sipping on a box of fruit juice which had been purchased by Rann and which was not my favorite bottle of Fiss. I sighed with dullness.
Inside the center of the field, among the circle of females and males, Ty was located there and wore a short body suit in bright blue with a pair of matching athletic sneakers. I gasped in shock and then smiled at my friend. Ty demonstrated his new Tele power of telekinesis for the show and the win, tossing a zipper engine over a tall block of concrete blocks. I swallowed the beverage and smiled at the performance. 
“Ty can woo the crowd.” Rann smiled at his buddy.
“That is a kiddie trick, Rann. Why is Ty performing like a circus animal within a decorative circus arena?” I tapped each sandal down onto the hard, concrete surface and sighed with disgust.
“Ty is displaying a feat of magic within the two eyeballs from each citizen. His exhibition should draw more citizens into the auditorium tomorrow for some additional Tele tests,” he chuckled near her eardrum. 
I frowned at the competition. “What is Ty doing out there?”
“Dirk told him.”
I tossed the empty box down on the floor and away from my sandals with my naked toes. “Dirk! Everything is Dirk here. How did Dirk get control of the universe? I simply do not understand.”
“He’s the king.”
“He’s controlling, Rann.” I frowned.
“He controls you, Starra.” He frowned.
I shook my curls and shouted out loud within the open space. “I do not fear, Dirk.”
He rotated his neck muscles around the arena setting first and then leaned down whispering into her eardrum. “I do not either, but I do not shout out those words towards the Wall. Someone might over hear your nasty sentence structure.”
I continued to straddle between Rann and watched each contestant. A female pitched a long spear into the air while one of the robots measured the farthest horizontal toss. Each winner was announced over the comlen speakers and then received a single medal and a bag of currs while the gang of thrilled audience members loudly clapped, hooted, and whistled with enjoyment.
I felt frustration within his warm two biceps while staring at the boring event. “I don’t understand why I’m finding barely any talented Teles among the willing citizens. There seems to be only a handful of selected Tele people. I do not understand.”
He frowned, “Folks! What is, a folks?”
I rolled my eyeballs as I continued to speak with an earthling accent and words, “That is an ancient Bonita term.”
“That is a Bonita term!”
I continued to scan each competitor inside the arena, “Yeah, I am a Bonitian.” I lied with a sour frown at the fib, the competition, and the competitors.
“Hmm! I did not know that you were native from Planet Bonita.”
“Yeah, I am.” I lied for a second time.
“How is a citizen supposed to understand a Tele talent? It is a very strange and odd phenomenon, to me, too, Starra.”
“You possess the gift, Rann.”
H exhaled with puzzlement. “Like I have stated before my newly discovered Tele talent, the Tele talent gift and procedure are both a very strange and odd phenomenon.”
“Naw.”
“Naw!” He laughed and watched the event performance.
“Yeah, that is an old-fashioned Bonita term.”
“I must update my brain terms with my Bonita princess and all of her weird Bonita terms.”
“A Tele gift is quite natural such like a natural wooded setting, such like, a natural universe. All of this is part of us, Rann.”
“Hmm! I have never thought of the woods and the universe and the Teles like that. You make it sound as if each one of us would be or should be or could be a Tele talent, Starra.”
I smiled with my secret. “Maybe.”


I mentally flashed back, within the first alien timeline, the ancient, red tinted Book had stated that every citizen is affected by the Sickness medical condition and then becomes a Tele creature.

However, a dead and now buried Lady Rosa and her dead and now buried biological brother King Rex had been blocking each active mind on every four-year-old child there on Planet Uni, which was the universal school for learning and growing into a healthy and stupid teenager.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present alien timeline, I heard the ringing tone.
His comfone dinked with a loud tone. Rann pulled out the comfone and studied the visual message, saying into the devise over her hair roots. “All right! I am leaving now. I will be there shortly. Please, do nothing and wait for me. Rann, out!”
I spun around and studied his worried face. Did I hear some bad news?”
“Yes, I have an emergency. I must leave you, Starra,” he shuffled sideways as she stood upright from his lap. He slid besides her and leaned down, kissing her lips, pulling with a wink. “I’ll be very brief. I love you, Starra.”
I nodded with a stern face. “I will be fine here. Please take care of the matter. I’ll wait right here for you to return.” 
He nodded with a smile and spun around, rapidly jogging towards the exits, moving towards the Water Ride.
I continued to stand and watched the back spine on Rann.
My set of Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I used my telepathy and turned, scanning the land, the citizens, and the skyline while feeling slightly different and totally wrong, when my Tele senses pinged: A presence.
“Ty is lifting up that heavier object like a true Tele creature. He is truly talented, Starra.” His tenor voice echoed into her single eardrum and as tall King Dirk occupied the chair and sat behind Starra, watching each competitor.
I continued to stand and block his view in silence.
“Are you having a good time at the Royal Carnival in honor of my birthday, Starra?”
“Yeah, I like the Royal Carnival. Are you having a good time, Dick?” I sneered the wrong question on purpose while watching my friends Ty and Nat with their Tele talents.
“Hmm! I find the event a little dull for my taste, but I do believe the day is about to get more excitedly entertaining.”
I gasped in alarm and continued to scan the audience with worry. “Well, that means that you must have planned something supernaturally special for the citizens, today.” I cursed underneath my breath for an upcoming danger situation and that dangerous situation better not involve my prince Rann.
“I can read your open mind, Starra. I am truly impressed. I only thought you possessed one Tele gift of telemetabolics that you had demonstrated in the auditorium that day.” He chuckled and studied both Tele talents Ty and Nat.
I exhaled with annoyance and continued to scan the crowd for any danger. “Well, I can tattle that I am a multi-talented person in more ways than you will never know, and you will ever find out about regarding my person.”
He laughed. “Hmm! Is that a threat or an insult or a compliment?”
I sneered and continued to seek out the danger. “Take my words as you will, King!”
He laughed again and slowly stood upright from the chair, shoving Starra towards the fence for fun. “Enjoy your day, Starra!” He continued to stand and stared down at her hair roots with a smile.
“See ya!” I snarled with fury.
He scooted sideways and then stomped a boot sole ahead and then stopped, spinning back around with a grin, staring at her nose profile.
I could see his tallness within my peripheral vision.
He tilted his chin and frowned at her nose profile. “By the way, where is Prince Rann? You, two are usually cuddling an arm-and-arm together like a pair of doves. I have noted.”
“He’s delayed.” I continued to scan the audience for the danger.
“I hope to mercy that there is not an emergency or something else very serious with his delay, Major Starra.” He chuckled. I sighed with fury.
I closed my two eyelashes and swiftly performed a Tele probe with my telepathy inside his open and sick mental mind, hearing the mental words: Dark. Cold. Evil. 
“I do believe that you will have a good working day, tomorrow, Starra.” He spun around and laughed out loud, slowly exiting the event.
I switched off my mind probe on Dirk and drew my Tele light in front of my stationary body while performing a T-glance with my teleclairvoyance, closing in on group of upright figures around Rann, who stood in charge within a faraway distance from Dirk and my body. I could see the rear of his black tinted hair on his head and the movement of both of his arms in the air. Rann was safe. I sighed with relief.
Then I opened my eyeballs and exhaled with happiness, performing a T-view with my teleclairvoyance.


I see a dead male then zooming closer on his face.

The grounded body lies in a spread-eagle formation on top of the red tinted dirt and displays a head of blonde colored hair and a pair of open eyelids on dead Ty.


“No!” I shouted out loud in shock and then back stepped into the chair, sitting down on the cold metal, searching for Dirk. But he was gone. I swiftly stood upright and kicked the chair to the side, advancing towards the railing, scanning the internal field of the arena.
Both Tele Ty and Nat were present and standing in the circle using their individual Tele power, lifting each heavy object from the ground as the audience clapped and cheered.
Ty was alive. I sighed with mistake.


I mentally flashed back, within the third alien timeline, when Ty had died in Rann’s arms from Dirk’s ordered kill assassination.

Within the fourth alien timeline, dead Ty had missed all the fun with evil King Dirk and his sidekick, an eviler Queen Rita.


So, my friend Ty had died in a previous alien timeline that had been created by my presence. Once a single citizen had died in the present alien timeline, then the same citizen was gone from each future timeline and never to return into the same universe. So, my friend Ty was destined to die here within the fifth alien timeline, since no one citizen continued to live and no one citizen could save his life. I sighed with death.
I whispered with desperation and stared down into the arena. “Save Ty! I can’t. Can I? In theory, I can,” I smiled. “Show me!” I performed a Tele sight with my teleclairvoyance of future sight.


A female assassin is located on the roof top here at the game stadium, where she stands several thousand feet from Ty with her gun barrel on her intended target.


In front of the arena, I gasped in alarm and cut off my Tele view, quickly back stepping from the railing, spinning around to face the exit. I swiftly dashed ahead and moved around the bleacher stands, taking the staircase of hard concrete steps, stomping up each block. I slammed open the closed door with one hand and exited in the bright sunlight, standing on the white tinted roof top of tiles, scanning the rooftop for the female assassin.
I spotted her grounded body down on top of the tiles holding a long rifle near her eyeball. I leaped up from the rooftop and then quietly landed down on a pair of pink sandals which is not easy on top of the hard tiles, standing ten feet from her two boot soles on the assassin. I performed a T-sight with my teleclairvoyance seeing her gun barrel on Ty’s skull.
“Stang!” I whispered for my eardrums without disturbing her gun concentrate. My friend Ty was going to die and my boyfriend Rann would become very sad while his girlfriend Joy would become very unhappy also. Joy and Ty loved each other and were getting married within a few more months.
I performed a T-view with my teleclairvoyance and searched within the empty building, finding a paint can on the fifth floor. I opened my two eyelashes and viewed a water hose on top of the roof tiles for cleaning the dirt from the roof.
I executed a T-grab with my telekinesis and levitated the paint can in the air on the fifth level, flying the object through the glass window, breaking the glass. The can of wall paint appeared above the edge on the roof then flew ahead, hitting the red hair on her bone skull. She slowly reacted and then dropped her face down onto the hard tile, busting her ugly nose bridge, bleeding out her red tinted blood proteins over the dirty white colored rooftop. Her shoulder with the assassin gun slowly dropped down and as her hand released the gun which landed with a loud ting on top of the tiles, without shooting off a bullet. She was unconscious, not dead. I sighed with mercy.
I executed a T-grab with my telekinesis and unfolded, elevating the stacked water hose in the air, forming a straight line. I turned and sneered, waving a free hand, lifting the female assassin in the air. Then I wrapped the two objects around each other and then slowly dropped her down on top of the tile in peace and harmony. She was both tied and secured while still sleeping like a baby. I sighed with the save.
So, Dirk liked to use his gang of bad citizens to perform his set of bad deeds. This woman was a bad lady.
I executed a T-pull with my telekinesis and tripped the interior fire alarm inside the penthouse suite for the nobles within the office building structure and then performed a T-view with my teleclairvoyance.
A row of stationary Rbots or a repair robot on each floor level immediately glowed in yellow tinted light and then swiftly floated up from each floor tiles while responding to the emergency alarm along with an overweight General Ivan and his staff of fit Militia police officers, an army of noble honor guards, and other nosy citizens as each one exited a bleacher seat and stomped towards the office building.
Then each one disappeared into the structure with sound and invaded the empty building, investigating the disturbance. I sighed with victory.
The tied and gagged female assassin will be captured, detained, questioned, convicted, and sentenced to the Prison Planet by King Dirk without using one of my awesome Tele powers. I spun around and rushed ahead towards the edge on the rooftop, performing a T-eyesight viewing an alive and breathing Ty. My friend was safe and my boyfriend Rann will be announcing their engagement and their upcoming wedding ceremony on Jubilation Day for next week. I sighed with happiness.
I leaped off the building and then performed a T-soar through the blue tinted skyline holding both of my arms and my legs straight down, guiding my Tele jump with my telekinesis slowly beside an eighteenth story building. I swiftly dropped down with gravity, halted in the air, and then gently landed down on my pair of sandal taps, which was not easy, on top of the soft green grass.
I quickly bent down my two kneecaps absorbing some of the fierce impact of my harsh landing, slowly standing upright, scanning the environment. I viewed the manicured green grass, groves of brown tinted bark trees with an over story red tinted tiny leaves, and a filled parking lots of starships. I slowly moved ahead and left behind a trail of funny animal imprints from a three-inched spiked heel with diamond shaped shoe sole in the soft grass.
I exited the grassy lawn and then musically tapped out a weird beat on top of the parking lot on each three-inched spiked high heel sandal with a diamond shaped shoe sole back into the game stadium.
I hoped that Dirk was not spying on my Tele movements, because I wanted the captured assassin to be a super sorry surprise within his set of limp brain cells. However, I also knew that I would pay for my saving maneuver. I sighed with punishment.
I continued to stroll around the group of bleacher stands then spotted a moving figure. Rann was jogging on the opposite side of the stadium and rushed back to see his girl Starra. I smiled at Rann and dashed ahead to our single table, sitting in the single chair with my pretend pose of secrecy.
He did not stop and collided playfully into the chair, plopping down on top of Starra, chuckling with delight. She giggled. He leaned down into her face with a smile. “I’m so sorry to detain you.” He leaned down and kissed her lips, pulling back with a wink, and then frowned with worry. “What’s wrong, Starra?”
“Nothing is wrong. I just missed you, Rann.” I smiled and leaned over, hugging his body with love and happiness, standing upright, nodding to him.
He stood and smiled. “I’m back now. What exhibition do you wanna see next, sweetheart?”
“You can decide for the both of us.”
He grabbed her hand and spun around, slowly walking through the crowd, exiting the game stadium. They slowly moved down the same gravel avenue. Then he pointed at the new exhibition. I spy and wanna ride the water boats.”
I laughed. “Okay! That sounds like fun to me!” The late hot afternoon weather temperature was hot on my face as my mind was hotter thinking of Rann, so the water slide would feel good on my dry skin. The smooth steel coated tub appeared squared-sided with two seats in a vertical direction.
I scooted down into the seat and slid into Rann’s body parts as he chuckled.
Rann wrapped his arms around Starra for protection. The rider kart violently jerked with a mechanical force as his body plowed into her body.
I screamed out loud. The water ride slowly and painfully crawled like an almost dead earthworm up a steel railing and then mounted track at the tip on a tall metal hill, showing an eagle bird’s eye view of all the landscape that covers the northern part on Planet Commerce.
At the top of track, my face and then my cart emerged first in a vertical line over the metal hilltop. I could see everything including each ant-sized citizen that walked around the carnival grounds to a tiny shaped yard plants using my Tele view with my teleclairvoyance, which was, kind of, like viewing a funky random parade of tiny ants crawling over the green and brown dirt soil inside a glass house. The water ride track rails appeared tall and high and then low and short. I stretched both of my arms above my hair roots almost touching the heavens. I viewed every citizen that performed a zigzag on a solar bike in a solar car or on a pair of boot feet on top of the yellow cobblestone street like a long slithering yellow fake snake crawling towards its water hole.

Breathtaking view!

Rann reached over the and wrapped his arms around Starra for protection and fun. I sighed with affection.
The metal latch nosily released with a loud thump. Our riding cart fell vertically like a zipper ship guiding down a sloped path, zooming faster around the right angle as my internal stomach stayed behind at the past corner. Then the kart magically shifted upwards and looped in a vertical circle as my two eyeballs spun in dizziness and my back spine tinkled in fear. I closed my two eyelashes and screamed like a scared kid.
Rann sat beside Starra and beat his leg into her leg and then back against the side metal seat as he giggled with amusement into her eardrum. Then he slammed his body into her body.
I continued to yell in a high-pitched musical note of soprano song while covering his silly girly sound.
Our kart swiftly dropped down and dove into a left angle bank and then stopped. My entire body jerked forward and jolted my upper torso upright from the sudden impact of invisible air molecules and as I grunted in surprise. Then the kart cart slowly dipped to the side and ascended a second metal hill.
I closed my two gray eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
On top of the metal hill of tracks, the metal latch nosily unlocked with a loud click.
I screamed out loud with fear inside the kart and as my stomach quickly exploded up and then hung inside my throat muscle, but I continued to scream in fear. His viciously laughter rung in my eardrum. Ran pressed his body into my body for safety. I rapidly inhaled air molecules and then swallowed a mouth full of wet salvia back down my throat, before I drooled down onto my chin.
“Wow! This is so much fun. Isn’t it, sweetheart?” He yelled into her eardrum during the smooth part of the water ride on top of a flat track rail.
I continued to cling to the single safety handle bar and continued to scream in fear. The kart plummeted straight down into a 45-degree geometric angle then slanted down into a geometric slope, rapidly falling into a pool of fresh water. I continued to scream in fear and fright and mighty worry. Our kart hit the deep artificial pond of fresh water with a big gigantic water splash then created a gigantic cold tidal wave in the air. The tidal wave descended over Starra, Rann, and the interior seat on their kart. I continued to scream with a wet body that included my hair, face, dress, and sandals. I felt wet, cold, and safe still screaming from fear. Then, the rolling amusement kart halted with a jolt then slowly steered into a fixed space.
I continued to sit and hugged the safety bar with my life force while trying to catch shallow breathes of fresh air, controlling my flapping stomach. My racing heart organ started to calm down from the wild water ride.
Rann leaned over with a smile and hugged Starra, whispering into her wet earlobe. “I don’t think we got that…”
“Yes!” I puffed out with a string of nasty mouth spit and a musically tone of fury, inhaling a single shallow breath. “Yes!”
He released Starra and stood upright from the cart seat, exiting on the other side, standing on the platform. He leaned over and grabbed her arm, lifting Starra upright, assisting her from the wet seat. He cuddled her body into his rib cage with a smile. The kart slowly steered ahead for the next brave citizen on the wild water ride.
Rann turned and continued to cuddle Starra, exiting the flat ramp, moving over the pavement. He leaned and whispered down into her wet earlobe. “I still don’t think we got that…”
“Yes!” I yelled out loud with fighting or fleeing fury and shuffled both of my wet arms in the air from his wet hug, striking each air waves and sometimes his face with force. “Yes, we did. I am not riding that...that...that...”
I separated the rest of my wet body from a wet Rann and started dashing ahead faster from Rann and the water ride while feeling fury and fear. My body was dripping water.
Rann raced after Starra and pulled up beside her, laughing with amusement. 
I continued to fling both of my arms and one leg in the air while splashing an array of wet droplets in his face and on his body too.
He laughed. “The wild water ride was fun, Starra.”
“No! No! That, this, there, here, and me ain’t fun.” I thumbed back over my collar bone with a sour frown and then reached over, slamming my same hand into his chest.
Rann captured her wet hand with a smile and lifted into his lips, kissing her dirty hand, pulling back with a grin. “The air movement feels like a zipper rotation in outer space. You perform that space maneuver flawlessly inside your starship, Starra.”
I jerked my wet hand back from his wet chest and shook my wet curls, “No! No! That air and space ride was different. I am right! You are wrong!” I continued to shake my body flying out numerous wet droplets from my hair and wet dress in the air.
“All right! What carnival ride shall we try next?”
“A bath.” I sneered.
He pointed to the food booth with a grin. “How about a bite of food in the picnic area? We can dry out in the sinking sun.” I did not answer but continued to fling off the wet droplets from my hair and my dress. He jogged ahead and stopped in front of the vendor window acquiring a tray of hot items for their cold and wet bodies. They sat and ate the food while drying in the sinking heated solar sun rays until darkness.
After drying our wet clothes and filling a hungry belly with the food items, Rann and I left the food booth and wandered down the main avenue of gravel, looking for a fun booth game, not a wild ride. 
The Master of Ceremonies blasted out the words from each visual comfone on top of each tall pole light that lighted up the massive carnival grounds. “Citizens, King Dirk invites you to stay and enjoy the fireworks display in a few moments.”
I continued to stroll ahead down the crowded avenue and viewed the group of happy citizens, holding hands with my man Rann. He stopped and hugged Starra, whispering into her eardrums. “We have to hurry. The fireworks show is about to commence.” Rann rushed ahead and jerked Starra behind him.
I jogged faster on my shorter legs shouting out loud over the crowd, “Where are we going?” My eyeballs glanced at the vendors that we had attacked with either currs or fingers. I sighed with competition.
“I want a good view of the fireworks.” He rushed his words and his steps.
My face turned to study the citizens and as I was confused and puzzled. “But the citizens are walking in the other direction, Rann, which is towards the fireworks display.” My eyeballs and my Tele senses could see the firework platforms and numerous fireworks packages that contains the hidden explosive materials. I sighed with colors.
“I have a secret spot for viewing the show.” He smiled leading them behind the crowd, passing each Food Booth, Game Stall, and lastly the Water Ride that led down towards a fresh water circular lake surrounded by tall shade trees, singing birds, tiny patches of colorful wildflowers as Rann smiled. “Are you afraid of water, Starra?”
I shook my curls with a smile. “No.”
He pulls Starra forward and wraps his two biceps around my body as she felt his warmth. He pointed at the water lake. “My spot is over there.”
“I don’t see your spot.” I wrinkled my forehead, funny and remarked. I sighed with confusion.
“Let me help you into your seat, milady.” Rann twirled Starra around to face his body and held both of her hands, slowly moving backwards towards the lake water, stopping beside a single floating boat that stood in the calm water. The small row boat housed two wooden benches across the width, without a motor. She spun around and smiled down at the boat.
Rann released her two hands and spun around, leaning down, jerking the rope. The row boat slammed against the wooden peer offering a lower wooden step for her feet. He stood upright and spun around, reaching out, lifting Starra up in the air by her waistline, whirling around and gently dropped her down in the center of the boat.
I slowly stumbled ahead towards the rear bench. Rann carefully landed down on the floor of the boat and moved in the opposite direction, sitting on the opposite bench, smiling at Starra.
Two holes were built on each side wall in the boat, where Rann reached down and grabbed the handle of a pair of twin oars in each hand, starting a rowing motion with his two strong muscular arms, steering the boat from the wooden pier. I sighed with true love.
The billions of tiny stars brightened the dark pockets over the open lake creating rays of romance moon light. His muscles rose up and down while pushing and pulling each oar towards his spot in the placid fresh water lake. I grinned and giggled like a silly teenager.

Wait! I am a silly seventeen-year-old teenager.

Rann stopped rowing in the moonlight and reached down, grabbing and tossed a small steel-coated anchor down the deep lake water while the boat gently swayed from the waves. He stood upright from the bench seat and slowly walked over the floor, landing down on the same bench with Starra. He scooted his legs into her legs, snuggling into her arms. She rested on top of his naked chest.
The first firecracker bomb sounded then lighted the night sky, whistling in the air waves, revealing a cascade of blue, white and gold. “Wow!” I exclaimed at the colored sky.
“My secret spot is always the best seat in the house.” Rann whispered down into her eardrum.
“Do you have any more secret spots?” I smiled at the stars.
“As a matter of fact, I have several.” He softly teased as the second fire bomb lit the dark blue skies in the colors of a single yellow and orange star burst. Rann slowly rubbed both her arms. “You’re shivering.”
“I feel a slight chilly breeze from the cold wind.” I commented.
He reached down and pulled out a warm blanket from underneath the long bench, wrapping the cloth around her shoulders, snuggling her into his chest. “Is the blanket better?”
I giggled. “O! This is much better. You seem to be prepared.”
“I am always prepared.”
“What are you prepared for?” I flirted and watched the fireworks.
“That depends?” He chuckled.
“Depends on what?”
The third fire bomb hissed then exploded mid-air above the carnival grounds. Rann twisted Starra around and smiled into her two gray tinted irises. “Your eyes twinkle like Sahara diamonds in the moon light, Starra.”
“Thank you.” I smiled.
He touched her arm. “Your skin shimmers like gold nuggets, Starra.”
“Thank you.”
The fourth bomb whistled from the ground, broke in the air, and streaked across the dark sky in an array of red, white, and blue colors.
He embraced her into his heated body and stroked the edge of her silver tinted curl with his fingertips. “Your hair shines like platinum bars, Starra.” He whispered into my face.
“Thank you.” I smiled.
The blanket shifted off her shoulders and descended onto the bench. Rann pulled her closer into his face. She felt his sweet breath on her cheekbone, touching his cheek with her cheek. He touched her face gently with his hand, “Your smile glistens like sea pearls, Starra.” Rann touched her throat with his hand. “Your smell like rose petals.” Rann leaned down. She tilted upward then their lips touched as they kissed long deep passionately as the fifth bomb exploded over the lake. I sighed with true love.

Alien Day 109


Dirk’s castle.
Sunny sky with 55°F
5th hour in the freaking morning


“Did you ring or rang or ding-a-ding, master?” I slowly limped into his eyesight then stopped, leaning my body against the open archway, growling at Dirk and then yawned from the lack of beauty sleep. I truly hated when I had been summed in the early morning hour, especially when I had been purposefully escorted by a set of two metal Gbots and a second set of two citizen royal female ugly guards.
“The early bird catches the worm.” Dirk sat in his smaller throne chair and waved off the guard unit as each metal one flew backwards then collided into the two royal guards. Dirk frowned with annoyance.
I laughed out loud and continued to smile at Dirk. “That early bird does not catch nothing at five in the morning, Boss,” my acute eyesight and my quick active brain pinged with interest.
The new royal kingly throne room was usually a tacky small piece of real estate which was secretly hidden underneath center stage of the auditorium building. Now, the small space was filled with a set of small, medium, and large black cylinders that were attached to an individual silver metal pole.
I exhaled with puzzlement. “Those things are telescopes.” I recalled the equipment piece from my Earth History book showing some of the same colored pictures between the pages while I was a student at Plantation School. I paced to smallest one near the window in the corner wall and halted with a gasp of alarm, “Where did the glass window come from? It was there yesterday or the day before or the day before that.” I rolled my eyeballs and as I knew the answer. The robots within this universe could build anything within hours. I leaned down and closed one eyelid, peeking through the glass lenses. I sighed with surprise.
Dirk slowly stood upright from his tiny throne chair and spun around, moving ahead, stopping behind the back spine on a real citizen while breathing a set of sour air molecules down the naked rear neck muscles on a female technician from Planet Tech. He stared through the glass window and asked her the single most important question of the day, “What is the situation over there?”
The technician straddled a small non-padded hard stool and viewed the lenses on the largest telescope inside the throne room that laid in-between her legs, explaining to Dirk. “The asteroid grounds are filled with numerous ecological risks to us and any type of exploring starships.”
“Explain!” Dirk frowned down at the blonde colored hair roots on the female technician.
The technician pressed a single button on the telescope panel that revealed a magnified image of the asteroid expanding the true planet into a round floating ball, showing more detailed geometric shapes. Then she stood upright from the non-padded hard stool and pointed at the glass window towards the direction of damaged planet and now asteroid Resort. “That is the planetary site or eye sight that you are pinpointing for this attack, which includes the land and surrounding lakes, Your Highness.” She dropped her hand and spun around, nodding to Dirk. I sighed with worry.
“Leave!” Dirk smiled with a nod to the technician.
The technician did not take offense as she worked for Queen Rita on Planet Tech and was used to the royal noble tart orders. She slowly padded across the floor and nodded with a stern face to Starra, exiting the tiny throne room. Hopefully, she would tattle the secret location to her best or bad friends, who would tattle to their best or bad friends then the secret tattling would go around the universe. But I guess not, today.
I stood upright from the lenses on the smallest telescope and turned staring at Dirk. Dirk was staring at Starra. “Do you like my new observation throne room, Starra?” He slid down on top of the hard stool, leaning down, staring into the single eye piece at an object.
I did not bother to scan the new observation throne room for a second time as my active neurons surveyed the new stuff the first time. I studied the smallest telescope, feeling puzzlement, “What is a new observation throne room, Dirk?” I leaned down into the eye piece and stared at each magnified tree limbs on each tree inside an overgrown green and brown tinted forest on the eastern side of the royal castle.
“Observe, watch, detect, and study all of my planets.” He chuckled.
“You are spying on one or all of the other royal nobles.” I sneered and continued to stare down into the eye piece on the smallest telescope. “Who are you spying on, my king?” I twisted the single lenses and viewed a cozy brown tinted nest of tree twigs that contained a happy family of blue colored birds resting in the high tree tops of the single tree.
“Agri.” Dirk said. Ty was the designated royal noble ruling Planet Agri, but Rann liked to hang out there way too much with his best friend and the unfriendly Business Associates.

I flashed back mentally, within the second alien timeline, when Prince Rann had married Baronetess Ivy of Agri then he ruled two planets, Sahara and Agri.

Then I flashed present mentally back into the present alien timeline, when a set of strong deadly emotions hit my raw nerve endings, I physically tilted the telescope away from my face turning and burned a set of invisible deadly fireballs into a sitting Dirk. “Why are you spying on Planet Agri?”
“I don’t trust the handsome prince. He has too many secrets and too many friends ...”
“… and too many currs …” I laughed out loud at Dirk.
“That, too!” He continued to stare through the single eye piece at the activity on Planet Agri.
I leaned down staring through the eye piece adjusting the round knob and aimed the lenses at Planet Agri too. I scowled. “I don’t see anything suspicious.”
“Use your other sight!” He softly chuckled.
I gasped in alarm and stood upright, turning with a worried brow, staring at the side profile on Dirk. I closed my two gray eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I executed a T-view with my teleclairvoyance seeing a set of blurry objects and performed a T-clear viewing four newly constructed buildings that were painted in hunter green hue. I quickly broke off my T-trance adjusting my two eyelashes back into focus, seeing the side profile on Dirk. “I see a row of new green tinted buildings. So what?”
“Peek inside each new green tinted building, if you dare to learn the truth, Major.”
I rolled my eyeballs and viewed Dirk frowning with a whisper. “Dirk is the enemy here, not Rann.”
I closed my two gray eyelashes, again. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I quickly performed a Tele sight with my teleclairvoyance, seeing stack of metal boxes, in which, I execute a Tele peek next, viewing rows of new weapons, consisting of lots of maser pistols, rifles, and cannons. All these weapons were illegal to own, carry, and store from the Crown. “Stang!” I whispered and opened my two eyelashes, still staring at the side profile on Dirk, then viewed the telescope. I bowed my chin down into my chin and stomped both of my boot heels over the hard tiles in angry. I sighed with confusion.
“You shouldn’t use that word, Starra.” He continued to stare down into the eye piece and studied Planet Agri through the telescope.
“Why not?” I stared at his side profile.
“Do you see and feel the truth there in Agri, Starra?”
I whipped up both of my arms in the air and danced side to side, sneering at Dirk. “Big freaking deal! I see four buildings with rows of new weapons.” Well, that did not sound playful but deadly, once I said that statement out loud. I sighed with trouble.
“Each row of new weapons has been identified and verified as a row of masers.”
I exhaled with annoyance and greatly desired to start a cat fight with my true enemy, “Did you ask Rann about the…?”
“I am king. I did not ask.”
“Then, did you demand an explanation of Rann, from my king?” I hissed with fury.
He whipped his ugly face from the eye piece and swiftly stood upright from the short stool, turning with a smirk, facing Starra. “His illegal act and his actions are obvious to me, the king. Prince Rann plans to invade my peaceful kingdom with his new weapons and take over my kingdom,” he nodded with a sneer.
I exhaled with annoyance at Dirk. “That is the craziest and loopiest and silliest and stupidest kingly idea within the universe, Dirk.”
“You’re too correct. I spied and found the traitors. The traitors to my kingdom are all located on Planet Agri. And the traitors have confessed to me, the king.” He nodded with a smile.
I gasped in alarm and then sneered, “I do not believe you.”
“Then you shall hear the same information from the same set of citizens with your own two non-pointy ears, Major.” He spun around and padded to the half-door, shouting through the open archway. “Guards!”
I spun around and viewed a pair of boots on each side of the open archway. However, I didn’t know that Dirk’s honor guards stored their pairs of boots in the hallway. I sighed with intrigue.
Two individual tall and slender females were dressed in a green tinted working jumpsuit appeared in a crouched position without hitting the hair roots on the short archway, slowly entering one at a time into the tiny throne room, standing upright and stopped a few feet from the open archway, in silence. Each one stared at Dirk.
I recognized the standard uniform that was worn by each Business Associate who resided and worked on the Farm Planet and as my two healthy nostrils smelled the newly plowed dirt particles and fresh plant spores upon each working uniform. I sighed with homesickness.
Then my active neurons remembered the danger for Rann, “Stang!” I whispered for my eardrums only and stared at each female. I sighed with doom.
“Tell her!” He nodded with a stern face to each Business Associate.
The older of the two females talked with her two hands and displayed a hand with five fingers, nodding back to Dirk. “I saw five used zipper ships land and then unload a group of mystery supplies that were housed inside two of four new buildings. Prince Rann has decided not to share any of the local business professional comments with the true owners of Planet Agri, which is us, when he was asked about that particular new inventory inside that particular row of buildings.”
Dirk turned and smiled at Starra.
I continued to study each female Business Associate and exhaled with fury, pointing my finger at each female. “So, you have spied on Prince Rann, the noble of…”
“Agri is our planet, not his or yours.” The younger female Business Associate growled back at Starra and stood beside the older female Business Associate, slapping her chest, nodding with a sour frown. “We were born here. We own the planet and rights to all the field crops and domestic livestock as stated in our Business Associate treaty which was appointed by the elder Baron many, many solar suns ago. Outlaw Rann inherited us, when Baron Bartholomew and his sister Baroness Ivy were accidentally killed in the Civil War. However, Outlaw Rann had married the nice and kind noblette Baroness Ivy, before the Civil War, and then he inherited everything on Planet Agri, wrongly.”
“We don’t want Outlaw Rann to destroy our farm planet. Outlaw Rann doesn’t like our ruler, King Dirk. Outlaw Rann plans to harm King Dirk. Outlaw Rann should go back to Sahara as a prisoner, not as a nobleman,” the older female stated the true facts and her true intention.



I mentally back flashed past, within the first alien timeline, when first noble Lady Rosa of Planet Bonita had told the demon tale. First noble Prince Rann of Planet Sahara had been a commoner and then ascended into his royal position.

Then I mentally flashed past, within the second alien timeline, my Tele teammate had found then provided the true story about commoner Rann.

Rann had a mother and a father, commoners. They owned and operated a small fishing boat expedition on planet Resort, carrying the tourists into the green blue tinted ponds for fishing.

“The accident was quick and painless,” echoed by Marquis Roy, the noble of Resort at the funeral of both Rann’s parents, who were killed instantly. The old engines on the older sea boat shifted into a high-speed gear and then swiftly ramped into the solid coral seaside wall.

Rann inherited a small two-bedroom apartment located in one of the many casino hotel suites and a smaller curr account. Roy offered him a paying job at the one of the casino hotels on the other side of town.

Rann accepted the good deal as a young and ambitious teenage of sixteen years old. Since, he was born and reared on planet Resort. While under his parent’s guidance, he had visited the casino before when his father needed to borrow currs for a financial loan to repair the old boat.

As a new employee, he watched and studied the daily Conqueror tournament games for six months. No citizen could walk into the casino, playing a few hands of cards and then leave with a million currs inside a trouser pocket.

Rann enjoyed playing the Conqueror game as often as he could afford the games. Bluffing was the easy part of the game for Rann, while currs was the hard part. He didn’t have enough currs to play and pay the high monetary bets with the nobles or the professional gamblers.

One or two bad card hands would cause a Conqueror player to lose everything in a flash of a second.

After six months of employment with Marquis Roy, Rann was promoted to the position of senior programmer on the mainframe computer network, which happened to control all the Conqueror robot, or the nickname Cbot for every casino on the planet of Resort.

The gambling robots were impossible to re-program. Embedded security codes and encrypted passwords controlled the bots, except for a backdoor access code. The backdoor access code was secretly maintained by a hand-full of selected and restricted senior programmers that were created for entrance into a Cbot during an emergency.

And the pass code was changed every five hours for strict security by a different senior programmer, while on duty. The senior programmers traced and recorded every error, virus, and fraudulent felony against the gambling casinos.

Rann had deviously changed the secret password from the previous senior programmer on his shift late, four hours ago.

The time was the eighth hour of the evening. And all the guests were retiring for the late evening. Rann secretly had created a new illegal Conqueror card program, testing his new bot skill. Then he won the solo Conqueror game, collecting all the currs that night.

Rann waited for a chance to play for a bigger jackpot with Cbot. He had programmed that targeted robot to lose every other card hand to the hotel guest, not the house. Then Rann would win every other card hand.

The time was the tenth hour of the evening, midnight. The casino closed at midnight, so every worker could go home to rest for the work day.

The Conqueror jackpot totaled 25,000 currs. There were two players and the infected Cbot with Rann’s new illegal bot subroutines.

Cbot was programmed to lose the next round of the Conqueror game. Rann held three of a kind in the numerical figure of sevens, a winning hand.

The other player shouted the word, call, to end the game, dropping off the card hand into the metal glass slot for auditing.

Cbot droned. “Three kings, the winning card hand. Player number two wins the Conqueror game and 25,000 curr jackpot.”

Rann had lost to another card player, a very lucky young male. He was outraged with furious. He was supposed to win that jackpot of 25,000 currs. Since, he had re-programmed the Cbot to lose and had drugged the senior programmer, getting the secret pass code. Rann also had lost all his 10,000 currs too.

The young man stood from the table and turned, exiting out the casino, swinging a red velveteen pouch holding 25, 000 currs. The hotel was closed.

Rann had finished with his work shift for the evening, exiting out the casino too, heading back to his small apartment at another hotel on the other side of town. He turned the building corner to see.

The young male carried the currs pouch from the winning jackpot.

Rann was mad, upset, and angry.

In the dark alley way, Rann stood and stopped, attacking. He shoved the male against the hard wall of the hotel.

The forehead of the male cracked open as his blood trickled down an injured face.

Rann was scare, upset, afraid, and horrified by the sight of the exposed bone and flesh, reaching down and grabbed the red velveteen pouch from the ground, turned and running away from the crime scene.

The casino comlen had recorded the inhuman act against the young male, displaying the young and handsome face of commoner Rann.

The Bio personnel could not save the young male. The Bbot machine testified during the quick trial that the young male had died on impact from the multiple head injuries into the hard wall from a harder shove of an object or a citizen.

King Rex heard and pronounced Rann guilty of the murder, sentencing him to prison on the planet of Sahara until his death of natural causes.

Rann, a new prisoner on the planet of Sahara, learned quickly to obey and serve or suffer the consequences of isolation, which was almost like death on an isolated planet that was covered by heated orange sand and a batch of deadly poisonous wildlife in the hottest place in the unknown universe.

The old aristocrat Prince Edo treated the prisoners with respect and felt obligated to make their imprisonment as comfortable and enjoyable as humanly possible. Acceptance of his rule, the nice prisoners lived nicely. The bad prisoners were punished by exile from the safety of the gold mud compound, the only human occupations on the planet, and then death by hanging from a neck in the noose gallows of the Game stadium.

Rann was transferred from food service section into the business office setting as a clerk due to his skills for robot programming. He enjoyed the one month of luxury inside the air-conditioned office suite then six months later he returned back down into the underground mines, digging for precious metals and minerals on the planet of Sahara for the rest of his life.

When a few minor power brownouts caused bot, comlen, and comfone malfunctions that the technicians from Tech World could not figure out the solution to the problem.

Rann was summoned from his mine work in the caves and asked to try to fix the bots, comlens, and comfones.

Rann, the prisoner, was successful at repairing the comlen and comfone malfunctions. He explained to the Tech people how to solve the problem and helped rewrite sections of the bot routines for them.

Then it was discovered that a minor detail caused a brown outage in a different subroutine to fail, every other day. So, Rann was recalled back into the office after spending less than one month inside the mine shaft to permanently work inside the Sahara robot office.

Rann met the girl, who was the princess daughter of Prince Edo. The young Princess Viv was charming, good mannered, and plain homely in appearance, but her noble classification provided great luxuries of Sahara. She also day dreamed desires of more material matters.

One month later, Princess Viv and her boyfriend Rann were married in an official ceremony on Sahara which was approved and performed by King Rex. Rann was escalated into the life of a prince, second-in-command of the Prison Planet.

Then, one day, Prince Edo was found dead inside his private bed chamber still wearing his sleeping attire. No questions were asked. No investigations were performed. No authorities were contacted.

The next day in a public ceremony on planet Commerce, King Rex crowned Rann, the first noble of Sahara by the ranking order of the secret and shouted out assassination method.

When another noble member was killed, the killing party admitted to the damage, and then the party could assume his or her royal position within the social noble order of the planet.



Then I mentally flashed back present into the fifth alien timeline, I stared at the young female Business Associate, who told the truth. And the truth sometimes harmed the heart organ also. I sighed with truth.
“Outlaw Rann is a traitor to the Crown and a formal prisoner of Prison Planet Sahara. Do you not know of the bad boy’s reputation, Major Starra? You should, since you live here too,” the younger female sneered at Starra and crossed her arms, nodding to Dirk.
He clapped for attention then nodded back to both females, “Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! You are my set of loyal and trusted citizens for the Crown.” The females nodded in silence then spun around, crouching down, exiting the tiny throne room, heading back to Planet Agri.
I continued to stare at the folded back spine on each female while silently praying for a miracle.
I hope that I run into one of you or both of you inside a darken woodland acre on Agri, tonight. I sigh with deadly vengeance.
My Tele sense pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I turned and sneered at Dirk. “What are you going to do next, Dirk?”
“I’m going to take back my universe.” He smiled at the open archway then turned nodding to Starra. “And you are going to attack Planet Agri for me, your king.” He back stepped from the open archway and plopped down inside his tiny throne chair, crossing one of his long, skinny legs over the other leg and as his royal cape draped over his lap then puddled down on top of the purple floor tiles.
I spun around and shook my curls, crossing both of my arms, sneering back at Dirk. “Man, you are full of sh…”
“Shut the door!” He pointed to the open archway. Starra did not move. He slapped his chest and nodded with a stern face. “You work for the king, that’s me. This is our deal.”
I unfolded my arms and slapped my naked legs, exhaling with annoyance, looking down at the floor and softly whispered, “Yeah, this was our deal! I sighed with revenge.
“You do recall our intimate conversation about your kingly duty. I’ve been impressed, thus far with your talents, Starra. You do keep your promises.” He chuckled.
I looked up and sneered at Dirk. “Take note of this future promise. I kill you.”
“Please, be certain to let me know which day or date, so I can plan my counterattack accordingly.” He laughed.
I tossed one arm over my hair roots and then brushed down the flying strands with a sour frown. “Fine! I’m blow that compound of new building into kingdom, not come. That act will hide the evidence foreverly from you and Rann.”
He shook his bone skull and picked off a set of invisible lent off his cape. “No! That is an unwise decision, Starra. Rann will become free and flee from his royal noble crime. Bring the evidence to me!”
“I’d rather blow the compound. My brilliant plan is both short and sweet.” I debate.
“Bring me the evidence, now, Starra!” He hissed.
I looked down at my manicured fingernails and smiled at the pretty pale blue polish. “All right!” I looked up and winked at Dirk. “How about I do that on tomorrow afternoon? I have pre-arranged plans with the enemy.”
He softly chuckled with a nod, “I do really enjoy your Earth humor. It is most irritating, always, but entertaining for a few Commerce seconds, Starra.”
“I’m glad I can entertain you with something,” I smiled.
“Take one of my trusted military teams! I trust you about ten percent of time while taking off about 9.9 percentage points.” He laughed and held up one finger pad, staring at Starra, “And you are to retrieve one of the maser cannons. That maser canon will become the proof to the citizens of my kingdom.”
“Poof! That maser canon will become poof. I got it now, King Dirk,” I elegantly pirouetted around and as my cute dark blue tinted circular skirt whirled in the air and around my naked legs. I nosily tromped ahead in my new pair of matching dark blue thigh-high boots and laughed out loud at Dirk.
He sneered. “Starra!”
I got it now!” I continued to stroll ahead towards the half-door and laughed out loud again
He growled at her back spine, “Starra!”
I folded my fit waistline and waltzed through the half-door archway, exiting the tiny throne room, standing upright, exhaling with worry and moved through the messy auditorium floor. I was not getting married to Rann in the new alien timeline, since I was too busy saving sweet, handsome Rann from an evil, jealous Dirk. I sighed with defeat.


Starra’s borrowed castle
Sunny sky. 77°F
11th hour (early afternoon) 


Inside the living room space, on top of the broken living room sofa with dirty tinted white and pink colors, which did not bother my mind or my body, I lounged on top of the dirty and pondered the mornings hours without daydreaming of Rann, only softly cursing Dirk.


I mentally flashed back, three hours ago, when I had completed that terrible royal assignment coming from evil King Dirk then barely missed a speedy zipper that had belonged to Prince Rann. Rann had been flying off Planet Agri for a business appointment that was none of my business.

I also had ensured that Ambassador Ty was safe and sound from Dirk’s team of nasty honor guards too.

Then I and that team of nasty honor guards had stolen then trucked a maser cannon out from the barn yard, onto the carrier ship that was piloted back by the head nasty honor guard to King Dirk on Planet Commerce.

Then I had flown my zipper ship back home to my royal castle in worry.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present fifth alien timeline, burning my faded skin tissue underneath the rays of bright sunshine on top of the cheap patio chair near an empty swimming pool structure without water but I continued to consume gallons of colored Fiss products while pondering a successfully escape plan for my sweetheart Prince Rann, from an evil King Dirk. I sighed with strategy.

At the 18th hour in late evening, I was wide awake without sleeping in my bed mattress, stomping down an empty hallway without she-ghosts too, then down each wooden step, going into a darkened kitchen with my personal robot named Bot in tow, slamming into the closed refrigerator door. I giggled out loud then back stepped, opening the door, closing my two eyelashes, hiding my two eyeballs from the bright refrigerator internal light and reached out, grabbing one of the colorful Fiss beverages. I liked…naw…loved Fiss. I sighed with love.
I did not give a hooty, tooty attitude regarding the heavy sentence of words coming from Rann’s parted lips while he continued to argue within my two eardrums about the Fiss product, since the sweet, sugary colorful beverage made my mouth lips, my pink tongue, my invisible taste buddies, and my dark esophagus and all the way down to my egg-shaped stomach happy, happier, and happiest with a deep rich flavor and the tiny crackling sensation of tiny bubbles. And my favorite colors were purple, green, and orange. I sighed with high sugar addiction.
I spun around and left the door open. Bot slammed it shut and flew backwards without running into its mistress Starra. I strolled into the living room space and plopped down on top of the broken living room sofa that had been fresh and new within the first alien timeline coming from Lady Rosa. The sofa did not display sofa feet or sofa legs, sitting on its underbelly of fabric.
I consumed greedy the tangy orange favored glass bottle of Fiss and removed the object, smacking my two wet sugary lips like a flapping fish then loudly burped out a set of tiny bubbles coming from my stomach and then giggled with silliness. I dropped the empty glass bottle in the air from my hand, when Bot reached out with one of its metal limbs, grabbing the empty bottle.
I continued to lounge on the broken sofa leather and popped open the tab on a cold, wet sweaty second bottle of Fiss that was held in my other hand as I was right dominate for fights, flights, and flirts on the right side of my body. I pondered silently Rann’s new serious problem with an ancient evil Dirk while swiftly sipping half of the green apple tinted liquid between my parted lips as the cold sensation hit down inside my stomach. Every citizen was birthed here in this universe, except for one stupid, lost alien, who also knew all the Royal edits, where a maser weapon was illegal. Owning a Kongo creature was illegal. A traitor was illegal…naw…legally hung by their naked neck muscles from the gallows in the grand stadium. I sighed with rightness.
I shook my curls and cleared out my confused thoughts, pondering my silly mental words. Then I slurped down the rest of the green apple tinted Fiss beverage and tossed the glass bottle into the air, when Bot reached out and caught the empty bottle without the object busting all over the clean floor.
Bot held two empty glass bottles of Fiss hovering near Starra for the next royal noblette command.
I continued to lounge on top of the sofa and pondering my confusing thoughts. Each prisoner was convicted by the ruling king or queen then sentenced to live on the Prison Planet for the rest of their live, except for a traitor, who was personally hung one-at-a-time in the wooden gallows at the Game stadium platform, until dead or death. However, Rann was recognized as the “hero of the universe” in the fifth alien timeline. Rann smelled like a batch of spicy pine trees and a touch of citrus orangey tangy stuff as I closed my two gray tinted eyelashes reliving his soft touch and his manly smell. So, Rann did not need to run and hide from King Dirk, thus there was not a plan or plot of his escape. I sighed with happy.
“I feel wrong.” I softly whispered with a wrinkled forehead and as I continued to think slow, then slower, and finally slowest of them all. I waved my hand and performed a T-zap with my telekinesis sending a set of invisible air currents and then jerked open the refrigerator door. I executed a T-lift on two different colored glass bottles of Fiss products from the lower shelf. Then I performed a T-flair with my teleclairvoyance, counting the number inventory of Fiss bottles inside the closed garage. I yelled out loud and continued to lounge on top of the broken sofa. “Bot, please go and restock the Fiss bottles inside the refrigerator!”
“As you wish, Lady Starra.” Bot droned in its tenor machine tone and flew backwards from Starra across the room, disappearing into the kitchen setting.
My Tele-eardrum could hear the noisy loud mechanical salvos from the working robot then the sound of opening garage door.
“Bot obeys very well.” I softly whispered with a smile then consumed the two bottles of Fiss product while hearing the rows of new glass bottles softly tinkle on each empty shelf inside the working cold refrigerator unit.

At the 19th hour, the refrigerator door slammed shut and Bot droned back in a tenor tone to its mistress. “The glass bottles of Fiss has been restocked inside the refrigerator unit, Lady Starra.”
I wiggled inside the broken leather sofa and waved my hand, opening the refrigerator door, grabbing four warm glass bottles of Fiss and performed a T-fly directly into my two empty hands, giggling with delight. I sighed with true love.

Alien Day 110


Festival Day
Game stadium location
Parted clouds with bright sunlight. 71°F
9th hour (late morning)


I nosily burped out loud again coming from my sour stomach, after drinking a case which contained twenty-four glass bottles of colorful Fiss beverages all day yesterday during my sun bathing beside an empty swimming pool and after my night bathing while laying on top of the broken sofa, without vocal or visual entertainment, only my naked mental thoughts.
Today was some special day, which represented some special something. For some reason, my brain cells could not add one plus one which equaled some math number and could not remember the day of the week either.
However, my personal robot named Bot was there to save the day and herded my body into my personal noblette float, where I lounged on the long bench seat on the rear of the float.
Now, the Bonita float jolted then jerked Starra into consciousness from her light nap as the bright sun slapped her sunburned freckles. 
Now, I suddenly remembered reading on the warning label on the Fiss product. The crackling carbonized liquid in the Fiss product might could cause hyper-ness, alert-ness, and mean-ness.
I was not able to sleep soundly through the night hours and appeared ugly requiring eight hours of my beauty slumber as I felt tired, sad, mad, confused, and mean. I sighed with annoy.
However, the rest of the citizens on the parade route appeared happy with smiles and laughter, dancing in the street and around my royal noblette float. I did not move from the bench seat but yelled with annoyance. “Off the tail gate, rednecks! Off with their heads, King Dirk! Shoo away, yahoos!” I did not wave my hand as each one was holding a new glass bottle of Fiss. I sighed with angry.
I performed a Tele scan and searched for Rann peeking inside his castle on Planet Commerce, whipping a T-flair towards Planet Agri.

Yeah, I am that good!

I finally applied a T-zap with my telepathy through the solid outer space Wall and then landed my mental mind on Planet Sahara. I could not see or view a single black tinted strand of hair or a silk thread on Rann using either my traditional or metaphysical communication center.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything is fine.
Dirk had captured Rann.
I executed a T-view with my teleclairvoyance seeing nothing but pink and blue colors and light classical music, which was so nice and smoothing. I shook my messy, dirty curls and cleared my mind. I felt very jumbled and emotional within my mind and body while probing through the air waves for Rann. I sighed with thirst.
“Bot! Fiss! Please!” I tossed both of my arms in the air and released the empty glass bottles of Fiss.
“As you wish, Lady Starra!” Bot grabbed each empty glass bottle with two metal limbs while handing two more cold, sweaty glass bottles of purple colored Fiss with its other two metal limbs to Starra.
I lowered each arm and nosily sipped one of the glass bottles with purple tinted Fiss while pondering my confusing mental thoughts. Dirk did it. He captured Rann.
I wiggled my stationary body in angry and fumbled one of the glass bottles down from my wet hand and as the Fiss product landed down in my lap painting the bright pink gown with a new brighter dark red spot.
“Stang!” I swiftly stood upright from the chair and watched the purple wet residue drop down to the tile floor. My float jolted into a halt. I reached out and grabbed the back rest on the throne chair, dropping the second bottle of purple Fiss. Bot reached out and grabbed the falling bottle of Fiss with a sixth metal limb, saving the glass.
I released the back of the chair and shook out my long dirty hair, wiping the purple residue form my lips and cheekbones, fluffing out the wet gala gown, standing upright like a queen and performed my elegant princess walk over the short floor on the float, down the steel ramp, strolling over the concrete sideway, into the covered tunnel without the announcement of my person.
Dirk didn’t allow any personal announcement during the Game event.
I really didn’t care either. I exited the dark tunnel and moaned with blindness from the numerous rays of bright sunlight, lifting my hand, shading my two blood-shot eyeballs from the glare. I slowly padded down the hard concrete sideway and climbed the staircase of hard concrete steps, sitting down in the Bonita noble royal box, performing a T-view with my teleclairvoyance. I stared at an empty Agri skybox with an absent Rann and Ty. I sighed with misplacement.
The row of musicians played a loud toot on each trumpet and as each drummer rolled the top of the drum head with tons of noise that affected my aching headache. Dirk calmly strolled from the dark wall and wore a smile on his ugly face standing behind the guard railing which was strong.
I wished it would break loose inside his Royal skybox and lifted waving my free hand, growling at the king. “Kill you, tomorrow morning, Dirk!” I sneered with my promise then consumed the orange colored Fiss product as loud applause echoed through the air waves and overwhelmed my oversensitive eardrums, within my blood-shot and irritated eyeballs.
Inside the royal noble box on the opposite side of the grassy field, King Dirk stood with a smile and nicely greeted each citizen from each comfone and comlen that was mounted around the upper stands on the Game stadium. “Nobles, noblettes, and good citizens of the universe, please, be seated for the upcoming event.” Citizens obediently hustled down into the plastic chair. Dirk continued to stand and smiled into the comlen. “I have current information to share with all my loyal subjects.” Citizens leaned over and softly mumbled to each other.
“Here it comes!” I continued to sit in a cheap orange tinted patio chair with a set of wondering thoughts. Where has my soft bench seat disappeared? I continued to cover my two blood-shot eyeballs with my hand and moaned like a dying animal.
“Bad news!” Dirk nodded with a stern face into the comlen. The captured audience members moaned.
I really wanted to get up and fight like a mad woman using one of the stolen masers against Dirk, but Rann would die by the hand of Dirk, since I promised to work for the devil and obeyed all his evil commands. And I could not use my set of awesome Tele powers against Dirk or help Rann either as my thoughts jumbled in confusion then stumbled over my unstable emotions as I felt wrong. I sighed with confusion.
Everything is fine. My Tele senses pinged brightly within my active mind.
“What! Why! How! Who!” I whispered back to my Tele senses. “Everything ain’t fine. I ain’t fine. Rann ain’t fine. Ty ain’t fine. Dirk ain’t fine.” I sighed with ain’t fine.
“Lady Starra…” Bot hovered in the sunlight and stood beside Starra, droning in its tenor tone machine language.
“Shut it, Trash Can.” I sneered. Bot continued to hover in the air like a good mechanical servant beside its mistress in quiet mode.
In the royal noble box, Dirk said. “We have a traitor amongst our mist.” The audience of citizens groaned in worry.
“Yay! Me!” I mumbled for my eardrums only, since I was the traitor for doing Dirk’s dirty work and illegal bidding and had sentenced Rann to death.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything is fine.
Inside the Militia noble box, General Ivan swiftly stood upright from his padded chair presenting a shorter overweight body frame inside his pressed and ironed blue military uniform with tons of dangling colorful pins, shiny medals, and short pretty ribbons. He turned and nodded to Dirk, “Sire, a traitor requires physical traitor evidence. This is the royal law.” Ivan did understand Dirk’s evil mind as he was a loyal and devoted friend to Rann within all four alien timelines.
“You are very correct, General Ivan. It is the royal law.” Dirk nodded with a stern face to the comlen.
“Show us the traitor’s physical evidence, King Dirk!” Tall, muscular, and mean Marquis Tok was the noble of both rotating man-made space stations of Uni and Bio and shouted out loud back to Dirk.
I continued to sit on a hard surface, cheap-looking patio chair and smiled at Tok. I liked him, because he did not take no smelly stinky puppy poop from a noble, citizen, Ira, Rann, or Dirk. I sighed with boldness.
“I will do that, nobles and citizens.” Dirk clapped with a smile. His noisy sound activated the next event. A team of four white tinted horses entered the grass field coming from one of the locker room tunnels, pulling a green tinted wooden cart into the sunlight displaying a single black, shiny maser cannon on top of the wooden floor as the audience of citizens hooted with delight.
“I present the evidence from the traitor.” Dirk pointed at the tiny kart rolling over the rough grassy field. Each comlen screen focused on the group of horses, then the cart, finally the cannon as the audience of citizens booed with horror.
“Who owns this illegal piece of hardware?” Ty appeared and stood inside his Agri skybox on the second level, pointing down at the cannon, shouting to the audience members.
“Speak up! Announce yourself to King Dirk!” Rita stood upright from her padded chair and leaned over the railing inside her Tech skybox, laughing out loud, pointing down at the maser cannon.
“I do.” A loud baritone voices rumbled through each comfone and as Rann appeared and stood beside the elbow on King Dirk.
Dirk gasped in alarm and turned facing a smiling Rann, back stepping from the prince, pointing his finger at Rann, “Arrest, him!”
“Who am I to arrest, Sire?” Ivan turned and scanned the rows of citizens inside each tall bleacher wearing a puzzled brow.
“Arrest him, you fool!” Dirk continued to back step and pointed his finger at Rann, slapping his legs into the concrete wall inside the royal skybox.
Ivan turned and smiled at the back spine on Dirk. “Am I to come over there and arrest Prince Rann? Is that your royal command, King Dirk?” He smirked with amusement.
“Rann owns the maser cannon. Rann is the traitor.” Dirk continued to jab a finger at Rann and leaned over the side railing in fear and fright from the great royal noble. The audience of citizens moaned in confusion.
“Prince Rann is a traitor that you have announced, King Dirk. Well, I don’t believe it.” Ivan shook his bald mound and as the audience of citizens mumbled loudly.
Standing in the royal skybox, Rann turned to face the audience and lifted his palm near his smile. The audience of citizens stopped mumbling and ceased into silence. I sighed with executive power.
Dirk smiled at Rann. “I will ask one simple question of you, Rann.”
“Proceed.” Rann turned and nodded with a stern face to Dirk.
“Do you own the planet of Agri?”
“Yes.”
“Do you own all the assets on the planet of Agri?”
“Yes.”
Dirk tossed both of his arms in the air and as his two long sleeves dropped down and slapped his face. He wiggled his head sideways and sneered at Rann, “Therefore, this maser cannon found on the planet of Agri is your personal property, since you own the planet of Agri.”
I continued to sit feeling tired from the lack of sleep and the fullness of Fiss liquid rolling inside my stomach acids while staring at the royal skybox. I could not argue with that illogic statement, because Ty owned the planet, the assets, and the maser cannon, not Prince Rann. I sighed with deep befuddlement.
“Yes.” Rann nodded with a smile to Dirk.
Dirk pointed at Rann and nodded with a stern face. “You are a traitor to the Crown. General Ivan, I order to you. Come over here and arrest Rann for treason.” The audience of citizens started to produce a set of loud ghostly boos at the royal command.
Inside my Bonita skybox, in the middle of the concrete bleachers, inside the cheap orange tinted patio chair, I swiftly stood upright from the padded cushion and heard a loud rip, tearing the side hemline on the beautiful gala gown, reaching down, jerking the front hemline upwards and exposed my two naked kneecaps. I bent my kneecaps and halted in space and time. I was too tired and filled with Fiss liquid to perform a Tele move here. So, I slowly scooted from the chair and carefully walked down each concrete step without busting my two nose holes on the hard material. I continued down each step and missed the side show in the royal castle, where a team of nasty honor guards appeared and arrest Rann. I stepped down on the flat surface and stood tall on my pair of four-inched summer sandal heels, looking up, seeing the metal face on a shiny metal Gbot holding an illegal maser pistol.
Stang!” I whispered and quietly surrendered, raising both my arms into air for a failed attempt to rescue Rann. I looked up and viewed the shiny metal back on two Gbots that were shoving Rann from the royal skybox into the darkened hallway.
From the royal skybox, Dirk quickly shuffled back into the middle of the space, after Rann vanished, then tossed both of his arms in the air without slapping his face with the robe sleeves, shouting out loud, watching his face on each comlen. “Citizens of the Universe, I am canceling the Game event today due to the overwhelming set of traitor circumstances.” He continued to statue like a king and smirked with his victory. The audience of citizens slowly hustled from each bleacher row and carefully left the Game stadium.
The Gbot dropped down its maser pistol and stood in shiny silence. I roughly twirled my body and my dress towards the exit archway pushing then shoving with both of my pointy elbows and my two spiked heels at the citizens, dashing ahead into the darken tunnel, which was used exclusively for the noble and noblettes, dumping my body into an overcrowded yellow cobblestone street. My Bonita float and my pilot robot were too far away to access for the quick trip to the Royal castle, since Rann would be escorted then housed inside the Tower Room for all traitors. I sighed with memory.

Been there, done that!

I continued to stand and exposed both of my naked kneecaps, running ahead over the cobblestone street, dashing around pods of people. Then I started to slow down my running speed and jogged in a steady slow pace beside the ancient indigo colored Resort noble castle, which was owned by Marquis Tok and his royal family members. I stopped jogging and stood in place, holding the front of my dress in the air, exposing my two naked kneecaps and sucked in fresh air molecules between my pink-painted parted lips. I had gained a little body weight from drinking too many sugary sweet Fiss beverages. My heart slowed back down into a normal beating pattern as my pulse decreased back down to normal also. I sighed with panic.
I started racing ahead over the same overcrowded cobblestone street passing pods of people and the newly white-tinted, plastic-coated Tech noble castle, which was owned by Viscountess Rita. I was located at the half way point towards the royal castle that belonged to King Dirk. My heart raced dangerously inside my body.
I stopped again and exhaled with heavy sighs of sour air. I was out of shape exhibiting too much fun, food, and games with my man Rann at the Royal Carnival, this week. I sighed with more panic.
My body organs recovered and then appeared normal again. I started jogging in a steady pace and as I both tired and exhausted, stopping beside the green tinted Agri noble castle, which was owned by Ambassador Ty. I caught my breath wiping the clear mucus from my runny nose and the watery drool from parted lips with the back of my hand. I was a pretty sight. I gurgled lightly with mouth spittle then decided to walk over the remaining hard vanilla concrete slabs, strutting through the open rear door into the Royal castle feeling each painful red tinted raw blister on each foot sole coming from the four-inched cute open-toed summer sandal high heels. I ignored the pain and elegantly pranced down a silent hallway and viewed a group of Dirk’s rejects, who were his nasty team of honor guards. Each honor guard rested uncomfortably and unconsciously on top of the dirty tile at their assigned guard post. And each castle Gbot was deactivated too, resting on top of the floor, where it crash-landed and broke all the purple tinted tiles in a quiet death act. I slowly my dance steps then waddled ahead dragging along the torn gala gown hemline towards the center elevator carriage. I sighed with miff-ness.
I stopped and stood in front of the closed door, reaching out, pressing the button. The elevator door slid open and revealed an empty carriage. I entered the carriage and spun around, reaching over, pressing number seven that lifted to the top of the castle. I did not have to worry about any of the royal honor guards. The elevator carriage silently guided up towards the seventh floor then halted. The door slid open and revealed the polish floor tile in purple hue leading upwards to the seventh level space which was called the Tower Room.
I exited the carriage and jerked the front tore hemline from the floor, holding in my hand, sailing up the glossy stone steps, hearing an echo of soft voices, seeing a group of shadows. I rushed from the staircase and stood inside the open archway staring at Rann in puzzlement.
The jail cell door was locked properly, since the row of vertical bars were shut while the bright sun light quietly beamed down on top of the yellow tinted tile floor.
A set of black tinted maser pistols swished up from a leather side hostel then aimed a cold barrel directly at Starra and as each noble stood in a half-moon circle guarding Rann. Ivan, Tok, Ty, and Nat gasped in shock at Starra. I sighed with confusion.
Tok ordered with a rushed baritone. “Grab her!”
Rann lifted both of his palms near his smile. “No! Stow the masers, nobles.” Each noble obeyed his command. He stepped forward from the protective circle and stopped several feet from Starra.
“We must leave now, Rann. Starra will tell about us to Dirk.” Nat stared at Starra.
Rann opened his two arms like he wanted to embrace Starra and smiled at her. “Starra, come to me!” My left sandal moved then my right sandal paced ahead without thinking, colliding into his chest cavity. I did not smile but frowned with confusion. Rann folded his arms around Starra and slightly chuckled with amusement.
“Don’t trust her, Rann! Even under that drug, Starra possesses incredible Tele talents.” Ty frowned at Starra.
Rann smiled down at Starra. “I know. Starra has identified us to the king, already. Starra is under Dirk’s influence, also.” He updated the group of devoted noble and hugged her body, caressing long dirty hair with passion. I sighed with true love.
“What?” Ivan gasped in shock and shifted the maser pistol barrel at the leg on Starra.
“Did she really do that, to you, Rann?” Ty gasped in shock and continued to hold the barrel at Starra.
“We should capture her, Rann.” Tok nodded with a worried brow.
“No!” Rann pulled back and smiled at Starra stroking her cheekbone.
I felt wrong. I sighed with true love.
“Starra has become a very dangerous female to us and our plans, Rann.” Ivan sneered.
“Lady Starra does not know the truth. Starra is an innocent victim like all of the others.” Rann continued to smile down at Starra.
“Don’t toy with her, right here and right now, Rann!” Ty nodded.
“You’re correct, Ty. Prepare to leave the planet, nobles. I need to speak with Starra in private.” Rann commanded. Each noble dropped down their weapon and shuffled around Starra and Rann in silence, exiting the Tower Room, quickly climbing down the stony staircase for the escape.
Rann leaned down and kissed her forehead, pulling back, speaking into her eardrum, “Starra, sweetheart, I don’t have much time for a complete explanation but listen carefully to me. Fiss is a mind control drug. All the citizens in the universe are drunk with the sweet beverage. I found out, but I have found out, too late.” He quickly crammed a smooth small object into her open palm, staring into her eyeballs. “Here! This bot chip will detail all the data that you need to learn about Fiss.” She smiled with silliness at Rann as he lectured. “Please read the chip, Starra. Fiss confuses your mind which allows Dirk to influence you. You are under his control, sweetheart. You must not ever drink Fiss ever, never, again. Promise me this!” Rann touched her cheekbone and as she nodded with curls in silence while smiling at him. He remarked. “I believe you, Starra, sweetheart. You’re a strong citizen. You’ll come to see the truth, soonest.” He dipped his skull down into her face, kissing her parted lips, quickly surfaced, hugging Starra.
I felt warm and safe inside his strong arms feeling one emotion, true love.
He leaned down and whispered into her eardrum “Starra, come to me, soonest.” He released her and slid around her upright body, exiting the room. I sighed with true love.
I continued to stand and felt my racing heart and my pounding pulse while only thinking of Rann as the set of heavy footfalls stomped up the twisting staircase towards the Tower Room. The jail cell environment displayed emptiness and the traitor disappeared like a thief. 
“Starra!” Dirk appeared in the archway and moved ahead, staring at an empty jail cell.
I did not move but shook the dirty tore gala gown around the floor for fun without nervousness. “Rann has escaped.” I announced first, since I truly loved Rann and would truly protect Rann and then truly die for Rann. I sighed with death.
“Really! You don’t say.” He spun around and walked around Starra stomping on her torn dress train.
“Yeah! I don’t say.” I sneered and stared at the semi-circle of honor guards.
He stopped and faced Starra, leaning down over her silver tinted hair roots, talking to the team of nasty honor guards, “Search the castle! I want the prince found.” Each guard spun around and produced the sound of thunder, stomping back down the twisting stony staircase, except for his devoted bodyguards holding their pose at the open archway like the king expected a rear surprise attack from someone. He sneered down at Starra. “Who assisted with Rann’s escape?”
“The room was empty, when I arrived.” I stared into his chest and lied hoping my cute button nose did not grow long and ugly like Rita. I sighed with true love.
“You should have been the first one to arrive using your famous Tele-dash. Why?”
“You try running in a ball gown with four stiff crinolines scratching your inner thighs raw and red on a pair of four-inched spike heels forming tiny blisters of pain on each naked toe pad.”
He looked down at her tore and dirty dress, “I can see where your formal attire would not be conductive for speed.”
“I am sorry, your sorry Highness.” I smiled at his chest.
He sneered down into her hair roots, “You will pay for this, Starra!” Dirk spun around swirling his girly bathroom robes in the air, stomping from the room, moving down the twisting staircase with great disappointment in Starra.
“Don’t I always…” I sighed with distrust.


Starra’s borrowed castle
Bright stars with clear sky of 67ºF
19th hour (late evening)


After permanently bathing off Dirk’s nasty coodie germs from dirty body, I wore a soft pink robe over my naked body sitting on the broken sofa in the living room, caress Dirk’s mini-bot that contained a new bot chip with my finger pads. Rann’s words echoed and whirled within my brain cells as my stomach erupted with hunger. I shouted. “Bot, bring me a tuna fish sandwich and a bottle of red tinted Fiss, please.” Bot elegantly floated in the air with a food tray containing a four-squared and cut white bread with smelly tuna fish along with apple fruit slices, a big cloth napkin, an empty tall glass with new ice chips and a cold wet sweaty sugary sweet bottle of blood red Fiss. I sighed with delightfulness.
Bot stopped beside Starra and carefully placed a wooden food tray with the food items over her lap, standing upright, flying backwards from Starra and the sofa.
I ate the sandwich first and reached out, touching the cold, wet, sweaty glass bottle of Fiss, studying the red liquid.
Rann’s words echoed within my active mind: Do not to drink Fiss.
I pulled my wet hand away from the cool sweating bottle of sparkling red liquid as the liquid glistened like a column of ruby gem stone in the fading yellow sun light beams coming from the side glass windows, inside my Bonita castle. I stared at Fiss and greatly desired the sweet and sugar and coldness and red stuff. I reached out and touched the cold, wet sweaty glass bottle for a second time.
Rann’s words echoed within my active mind: Please, do not drink Fiss.
But I lovingly felt thirsty and strongly desired the sweet sugary addiction of Fiss. I sighed with love.
“Bot!” I shouted, because I loved Rann more than the Fiss beverage. “Bring me a glass of fresh water, please.” Bot arrived within seconds with a cold tall glass of clear sparkling plain water handing to Starra. I accepted and gulped down the plain water in three swallows, handing back the empty glass to Bot. I sighed with non-sweetness.
Bot accepted the empty tumbler and flew backwards back into the kitchen setting working on its domestic chores.
I sat on the broken sofa. Rann’s words echoed within my active mind: Please read the chip.
I tenderly caressed the smooth edges on the mini-bot with a pair of shaky hands mentally desiring a cold, wet, sweaty glass bottle of colorful Fiss. I strongly desired the sugar sweet cold beverage, staring with a pair of watery eyeballs at the sweating bottle of red tinted Fiss on the food tray beside an empty dirty dish without food items. I sighed with addiction.
“Stop, Starra!” I softly commanded with my pink tongue talking into my active mind, since the liquid was another drinking beverage like a glass of cold water or cold colorful fruit juice or cold white tinted milk. but I strongly desired the cold, wet sweaty glass bottle of red tinted Fiss and as my mental debate battled in-between my conscious and sub-conscious mind. I sighed with addiction.
“Stop!” I shouted out into an empty room like a crazy earthling. Bot appeared and floated through the air waves, stopping beside Starra. I exhaled with sadness and meekly ordered, reaching out, touching the cold, wet, sweaty glass bottle of Fiss. “Take the Fiss bottle back into the kitchen, Bot.” I continued to hold onto the cold, wet, sweaty glass bottle of Fiss.
Bot reached out with one metal limb and forcefully ripped the glass bottle from her hand flying backwards with the cold, wet, sweaty glass bottle of Fiss towards the kitchen setting.
“Wait!”
Bot halted in the air waves like a good machine and floated forward, stopping beside Starra.
I ordered with a meek voice. “Take the Fiss bottle into the kitchen and pour the red glittering contents down the wash sink, Bot.” Bot flew backwards from Starra and entered the kitchen for a second try, disappearing from her two gray tinted eyeballs.
My two Tele eardrums heard a loud pop of the metal lid from the new glass bottle, since the product of Fiss was comprised of carbonated water, lots of sweet cane sugar, nice fruit flavoring, and a secret herb coming from Dirk’s home-grown royal flower garden. The carbonated gas caused the liquid to burst from the bottom of the bottle to the top of the rim when opened and sounded heavenly within my two eardrums fizzing with a ball of live colored energy within my blinded eyeballs as I mentally thought and greatly desired a cold, wet, sweaty glass bottle of colorful Fiss.
I performed a Tele view with my teleclairvoyance seeing the red foam with a colorful head. The head quickly rose over the glass lip on the bottle then gently flowed down each side on the glass bottle down into Bot’s metal limbs. My Tele eardrums heard the soft red bubbles pop the crack with a smooth saxophone sound of fizz as and I mentally thought and greatly desired a cold, wet, sweaty glass bottle of any colored Fiss.
I dropped the borrowed mini-bot on top of the fabric on the sofa then shifted one leg from the soft fabric and halted my movement.
Rann’s words echoed within my active mind: Promise, do not drink Fiss.
I shuffled my leg back on top of the sofa and reached down, snatching up the borrowed mini-bot, thinking of Rann. I sighed with true love.
My two Tele eardrums heard the smooth flow of the Fiss liquid hitting the left side on the yellow tinted porcelain wash sink, slowly draining down the water pipe that led down into the steel-plated sewage tank underneath the vehicle garage. I greatly desired a cold, wet, sweaty glass bottle of Fiss. I closed my two gray tinted eyelashes and emptied my active mental thoughts.
Rann’s words echoed within my active mind: Do not drink Fiss.
The subtle noises coming from the Fiss product halted like a dead fish lying down inside the poisoned sewage tank. Bot had finished its command emptying the entire contents of the glittering sweet, sugary red tinted bottle of Fiss down into the wash sink. I sighed with relief.
On top of the broken sofa, I smiled looked down at the black screen on the borrowed mini-bot pressing the power button on the machine. The new data popped in color on the lighted screen.
I giggled with a grin and read out loud the typed message from my man Rann. “Starra, sweetheart…” I smiled at his tender endearment of my person and continued to read out loud. “If you have this bot chip in your possession, then you have assisted with my escape from Dirk. I am very grateful and pleased with your wise decision, Starra, sweetheart. Thank you from the bottom of my loving heart. If not for your lady noblette intervention, then I would be facing a hangman’s noose on top of the wooden gallows, inside Game stadium.” I frowned. “Been there, done that, before you, Rann, darling!”
I chuckled and started reading out loud again. “I truly can trust you with this secret data, that you are about to read. I hope after you have learned the truth that you will assist me and my brave, bold team of comrades in destroying Dirk.” I laughed out loud. “Geez, buddy! That is my only wish, since the first alien timeline, which was 109 days ago. Time flies both fast and furious, when you’re running away from danger with your life force,” I looked down and continued to read out loud. “I wish for you a good journey in your new discoveries.”
The second screen swiftly flipped to the next typed page of new data. I read out loud. “Fiss is the name of a popular sweet tasting beverage that every man, woman, and child in the universe is consuming. The drink is a shorten name for the noun fissile, which means the ‘process of splitting.’ The formula is disguised in a colored fun-looking and good-smelling liquid which physically splits your brain cells in half allowing any invading entity to access the subject with the Tele power of telepathy. This process is called ‘mind control.’ It takes hold of your conscious mind immediately and blocks all your sub-conscious awareness, including danger, harm, and righteousness from your gray matter. In turn, Dirk has created an illusion of pleasure, delight, and peace inside a citizen’s mind. The herb used is called ginkgo. Dirk has concocted a divertive of the herb by extracting only a small concentrated portion of ginkgo and created a new plant called Gink. The man-made herb Gink is mixed with sweet cane sugar, filtered pure carbonized spring water, and colored with a pretty flavor of fruit juice to create a drink which is called Fiss. No citizen in the universe can resist the sweet, sugary, watery, colorful liquid substance.”
The third screen quickly swished into a new typed page. I read out loud. “The only way to resist the additive beverage, each citizen must access and use their secret Tele ability fighting off the sweet drug. However, the king has been killing all the known Sickness patients, who had survived the interface process with their true Tele-ability within their regular brain cells. Thus, each survivor can resist the effects of the Fiss drug. Dirk has been feeding the beverage to the young children starting at age of four, on the man-made spaceship of Uni, at their first day of school. The drink is sweet tasting for each child, so each child likes to drink Fiss beverage, instead a healthy glass of milk or a nature tumbler of fruit juice. For each adult, Fiss is just a bad habit. Gink is not only thought controlling, but it is addictive to each biological body.”
I looked up and stared at the side wall, whispering for my eardrums only. “Each citizen loves Fiss. Each citizen consumes the beverage all day and night, including me. So, this is the object that is blocking their secretly hidden and undiscovered Tele talents. No wonder I couldn’t find a Tele person here within the new galaxy, on any planet. Dirk has been using me to identify each innocent Tele, within the universe, so he can kill them, but Rann has figured it out first. Rann is smarter than Dirk and me.” I sighed with true love.
The fourth screen quickly flipped over and displayed a new set of typed works. I looked down and read out loud, “If the daily proportion of gink is not replenished every twenty hours with the same amount of drug dosage, the physical body will experience withdrawal pains. The symptoms are headache, dizziness, vomiting, diarrhea, fever, sweats, hysteria, psychosis, coma, and the final death act.” I gasped in shock. “Dirk, you have really done to the universe, this time, without the help of your evil Queen Rita too.” I looked down and read out loud. “However, I have developed an anti-serum. I and the anti-serum are located inside a hidden and protective ground base here on the damaged planet of Resort. You must come to me, Starra. With your incredible Tele-abilities, you can find me easily. Be careful, sweetheart! Dirk knows. Dirk watches. Dirk is an evil genius and a loco madman, to boot. Come here on Resort and be with me, Starra, sweetheart! Always and forever with my love, Rann!” I smiled down at the loving words.
The borrowed mini-bot quickly shut down and the lighted screen turned black then produced a flare of red tinted sparks, emitting a stream of white smoke from the back metal.
I frowned with annoyance at the borrowed mini-bot. “Rann is both cautious and smart. His bot chip is rigged with a self-destruct mechanism which outsmarts both me and Dirk.” I swiftly tossed the burning mini-bot into the air waves heading towards the cathedral ceiling tiles, exploring with a loud boom near the ceiling and produced a small hole that viewed the billions of twinkling stars. I frowned. “Geez! Did I really do that?”
Bot appeared in the archway and flew inside the living room, stopping underneath the hole in the ceiling, spraying a hose of fresh water at the falling fireball that used to be a working mini-bot.
I continued to lounge on the broken sofa and smiled at the smart robot. “Thanks, Bot.”
The falling fireball landed down on the wooden planks. Bot leaned down and poured a pail of fresh water over the burning metal, wetting the floor, droning to Starra. “Lady Starra, you should choose a better piece of equipment for your entertainment purposes.” The fireball was extinguished, and the floor was wet. Bot stood upright and flew backwards into the kitchen, working on its new assigned duties.
“Right!” I giggled with silliness. Machines do possess a personality. I slid off the sofa and stood upright, pacing around the dry part of the floor, whispering for my eardrums only. “Fiss is a mind controlling drug, not a sweet drink. How many bottles of Fiss did I consume today, tonight? Two, seven, twelve or more.” I stopped and looked up, staring into the cold, black tinted outer space through the hole in the roof tiles. “I must not drink Fiss anymore. My promise and love to Rann.” I looked down and stared into the kitchen setting, yelling out loud my new princess order. “Bot, pour all the colored liquid on every bottle of Fiss down the kitchen sink, right now.”
“As you wish, Lady Starra.” Bot droned in tenor tone and started its new assignment.
Inside the living room setting, I started to nervously pace around the dry parts of the wet floor in my bare feet heading to the side wall, spinning around and moved back to the broken sofa then turned to face the entrance wall, continuing to walk around the dry parts of the floor.
My two Tele eardrums heard the soft clank then the light click of each lid on every glass bottle of Fiss, opening the drink. Next, a smooth gulping sound of the fizzing liquid poured down the wash sink drain.
I increased my walking pace into a racing speed, moving to the side wall, spinning around and headed back to the broken sofa. I greatly desired Fiss first and then worried about medical symptoms second. I remembered each clinic symptom from the bot chip information with a final death act, without a single drop from the precious anti-serum that would save my life. I nosily inhaled then silently exhaled, holding my stomach. “I felt sick to my stomach. However, my set of awesome Tele talents will protect me. I think,” I nodded with a fake smile. “I know. It will. I had consumed my first Fizz beverage at seven o’clock in the morning. Now, the time is ten o’clock at night.” I sighed with death.
I spun around and slowly moved ahead, marching up the staircase, down an empty hallway, entering my private bedroom. I wiggled underneath the bed covers resting my mind, reserving my Tele strength for the next scary twenty hours, which was a Commerce day and night. I could not travel directly to Rann, even though he possessed an anti-serum, since Dirk watched. Dirk spied. Dirk followed me. Then Rann would die. I signed with death.
My set of Tele talents were not at one hundred percent normal strength diminishing by the second from the additive possession of the gink herb inside my biological human life form. So, I could not fight with Dirk using my Tele-battle skills as I felt weak also. I sighed with doom.
I pulled the yellowish green colored ruffled girly bedcover over my sweaty face and closed my two eyelashes, falling into a deep Tele healing trance. I sighed with life.

Alien Day 111


Starra’s borrowed castle location
Private bedroom setting
6th hour (early morning)
Cool temperatures with parted clouds of sunlight


“Lady Starra, it is time to awaken from your long nap on top of your bed mattress.” Bot stood beside the bed frame sofa and leaned down, poking it metal fingers on her arm. Starra was assigned as the Tele instructor at the auditorium and she had not given a new command to the robot.
“I’m sleeping late.” I croaked out loud feeling body weakness, resting underneath the thick pile of warm bed covers that blocked out the rays of bright sunlight on a beautiful morning on Planet Commerce.
“As you wish, Lady Starra!” Bot flew backwards from her room into the hallway working on its usual domestic duties.
I flipped onto my stomach and avoided the bright sun light from the open shades that had been prepared by my thoughtful robot inside my bed chamber. I felt funny. My stomach loudly popped inside my inners like a bowl of cooking popcorn. My forehead ached fiercely with pain. I felt sick.
I slid off the bed mattress and stood upright on the floor, dashing ahead into the private lavatory, reaching the wash sink, in time, and vomited out a stream of stinky puke green colored stuff down into the bowl. I stood upright and exhaled with worry, yelling out loud. “Bot!” My head pounded with heavy strikes against the gray matter.
Bot appeared and floated inside the open archway, using its pair of teacup-sized eyeballs, staring down at the floating green stuff inside the dirty wash sink, “Are you ill, Lady Starra? Do you require a Bbot?”
“No Bbot! Clean the dirty wash sink and the dirty floor!” I folded down at my fit waistline heaving in terrible sounds, feeling terrible pain, drooling from my parted lips.
“The floor is not dirty, Lady Starra.” Bot examined the floor with its smart computer brain.
Her mouth opened and released out a thick stream of green tinted vomit strands hitting the clean floor, instead of the dirty wash sink. “You are correct, Lady Starra. The floor is dirty.” Bot flew backwards from Starra exiting the room, working on its new assigned duties.
I slowly stood upright and washed off my dirty face, limping a trail of water drops back into my bed mattress, curling in pain, closing my eyelashes, and endured the upset stomach. “Bot!” I yelled out oud and leaned over, puking over the bed mattress onto the clean floor. That was the tuna fish sandwich from yesterday evening. My stomach lining was empty; but the hammering headache continued.
Bot appeared in the archway and floated into the air, droning in tenor tone at Starra. “You need a Bbot, Lady Starra. Please, allow me to call one.”
“No! Get me a set of cold hand cloths for my sweaty forehead, Bot!” I whispered in dizziness.

Two hours later, on the 8th hour of the late morning, I continued to rest inside my messy bed mattress. My pounding headache and fuzzy dizziness ended without fanfare, but I could not say the same for the runny diarrhea as my twin butt cheeks chafed on the hard toilet seat. I ordered. “More water! How can a person relieve their stomach contents, if there ain’t no more stomach contents to relieve from their body?”
Bot handed Starra another glass of plain water. “You have some type of toxic poison, Lady Starra. I must contact a Bbot for you.”
“No.” I slurped the glass of water and handed back to Bbot. I sighed with diarrhea-ness.
“As you wish, Lady Starra!” Bot accepted the four dirty tumbler and flew backwards from the lavatory room, working its newly assigned nursing duties.
The body fever then body sweats crept over Starra during sleep. I had lost track of time in-between sweating, drinking, and sleeping. I was physically exhausted and mentally tired while experiencing body sensations of wetness, dryness, shivering, sweating, coldness, and hotness while losing fatty tissues, minerals, water, and body weight, without feeling hunger pains for food. I sighed with death.
Bot retracted the metal finger with the metal object, reading the gauge, “Your body fever is 103 degrees. I must contact a Bbot for your high fever, Lady Starra.”
“No.” I curled into a ball of pain and whispered for its metal eardrums.
Bot reached out and handed a new tumbler of fresh water near her swollen pink tinted face.
“Drink the water, Lady Starra. If I cannot inform a Bbot, then I will contact Prince Rann. He will come to your aid.”
“No!” I accepted the water and tilted back my rear skull, pouring most of the plain clear tasteless liquid down into my open mouth, wetting my heated face also and slowly lifted my bone skull upright. I handed back an empty glass to Bot and exhaled with weakness.
“As you wish, Lady Starra…” Bot accepted the dirty glass and flew backwards from her bedroom chamber working its newly assigned nursing duties.
I plopped over and curled back into a body ball, closing my two eyelashes, falling into a deep restful slumber, without dreaming.

Two hours later, on the 10th hour, at mid-day, I jerked upright at my folded waistline from the dirty, smelly, wet pillow case, shaking all the sweat balls from my cute freckles and each plastered hair strand from my dirty face. My two eyeballs stared at the side wall and viewed the interior of the private lavatory without blurriness. I did not possess a head of dizziness. I felt healthy. I stared at the plate of food which had been delivered early this morning on the sixth hour grabbing and stuffed the hard biscuit made by Bot into my open mouth. I vigorously chewed then swallow the food item without gagging or coughing or vomiting the chewed particles back up my throat.
I performed a Tele leap up from the messy bed covers standing on top of the bed mattress, dancing with delight, without feeling no leakage of brown runny diarrhea coming out from my butthole. I slapped my finger pads exploring my wet face and forehead, without sweat or high fever temperatures, laughing out loud. I sighed with alien body.
“Lady Starra, how are you feeling?” Bot appeared in the open archway while checking on its medical patient performing its nursing duties and slowly floating into the private chamber room, examining her body with its computer gears.
On top of the messy bed mattress, I bounced up and down, singing with delight. “I survived the crash. I survived the crash again.”
Bot stopped at the edge of the footboard and studied its mistress, droning in its tenor tone to Starra, “Lady Starra, what are you mumbling about? Your words are weird. How did you survive the crash? What crash did you survive, Lady Starra?”
I gasped in alarm and stopped dancing on top of the bed mattress, smiling down at the robot. “I survived my body crash, of course, from the fiery fever…of course…right, Bot?” I laughed out loud again with my alien secret.
“I suggest that you see a Bbot for her medical statue, immediately, Starra.” Bot droned.
I smiled. “That’s a good idea, which I will do later, Bot. First, I got an important appointment that I cannot possibly miss.” I executed a Tele leap up from the messy bedcovers and performed a Tele lift into the air, rolling into a human ball, flipping through several air-borne somersault and unfolded my curled body into a magnificent spread-eagle pose, standing in the air currents with a smile, for a few seconds. I performed a slow Tele glide and executed a Tele drop down, landing on top of the clean floor. I dashed ahead in nakedness, of course, then stopped, dressing in my signature clothes, exiting the bedroom chamber, slowly strolling down an empty hallway towards my personal air ship without my personal robot. It was time for my upcoming bloody fight with my number enemy Dirk and then a real cool rescue of my man Rann. I sighed with victory.


Dirk’s castle location
Noble Meeting Room setting
11th hour (early afternoon)
Cool temperatures with parted clouds of sunlight


I had used my telemetabolics talent and cleaned the inside and outside of my biological alien body.

Yeah, a Tele mistress can do that and more!

I parked the airship inside a crowded parking lot and frowned with annoyance at Dirk. He was starting trouble with my future husband Rann that I would stop using his personal blood proteins. I exited the ship and strolled into the crumbling purple tinted royal castle, noting an active hallway of flaking paint particles, broken furniture pieces, lots of smelly trash items, and numerous warrior male and female warriors with warring weapons. I sighed with fury.
I slowly worked my way through the growling warriors and found the usual throne room on the second floor that was surrounded with honor guards, busting through the huddle and emerged through the open archway. I wore my pair of soft cowgirl boots in black hue that displayed a set of pink tinted pointy toes, a black tinted sleeveless blouse with set of tiny satin bows around the sweetheart neckline, and a waistband around the shorty shorts.
Each honor guard continued to stand without bothering Starra and staring at Dirk, who stood in front of the forward wall without a throne chair or a piece of furniture. He yelled to his warriors. “Dismissed!” Then he looked down and smirked at Starra.
The numerous honor guards swiftly spun around from Dirk while some of the bolder guards enjoyed colliding into Starra. 
I performed a Tele bubble around my body while executing a soft Tele slap into each arrogant warrior that dared to enter my space, burning their hidden bicep as each one was taller than my five feet of shortness, stopping three feet in front of Dirk. I sneered at my number one enemy of the unknown universe. The last warrior yelped in pain and left the throne room dashing with his buddies for the new assignment, leaving the throne room door open.
Dirk did not move but smiled, “Did you enjoy your unscheduled vacation day, Starra?”
I smiled. “Yeah! I experienced lots of heated fun at the sandy beach yesterday.”
“You look awful, too much heat and hotness, maybe.” He winked.
I gasped in alarm at the girly insult then grinned at Dirk, “I work for you.” I laughed with the truth.
He laughed at her silly joke then smiled. “Well, as your king, I would suggest getting more beauty rest, Starra. Then you’ll look prettier and feel better.”
I sneered at his nasty insult then smiled. “What planet is your team of honor guard rejects going to, Dirk?”
He exhaled with frustration, “My devoted and trained royal warriors have their royal orders, finding an absent and escaped Prince Rann and his accomplices, as soon as possible. They are in hiding somewhere within the galaxy as they cannot escape through the wormhole which…”
I gasped in shock at his sentence structure and looked down at the floor. I could escape through the wormhole as the alien of the universe, but Dirk proved that he could not leave his universe, without bodily harm. Now, I wondered, if his statement was really the truth here. And I worried that Rann and his noble friends had fled the unknown universe, getting away from Dirk, flying into the known Milky Way Galaxy. My galaxy and my planet were destined to die, one day. I sighed with worry.
Dirk snapped his finger and frowned at Starra. “Do I have your undivided and unfailing loyalty, here, Starra? Your set of secret Tele talents can easily locate and find Rann, for me.”
I gasped in alarm and looked up staring at Dirk, whispering for my eardrums only. “Our deal!”
“Do you remember our deal, Starra? I do remember our deal.” He smiled. I sighed with surprise.
I slowly nodded in silence at Dirk with my secretively permanent plan. I will find Rann on the damaged asteroid Resort, then I will come back to Planet Commerce and kill Dirk. I sighed with true love.

Different planet and different time…


Asteroid Resort
Dark sky with heavy rain sheet at 85% precipitation and 66ºF
7th hour (early morning)


I parked my zipper ship during sheets of heavy rain in a gigantic mud puddle and opened the door, sliding down into the deep mud puddle with annoyance. I sighed with worry.
I continued to stand in the air and waited for the numerous honor guard rejects from Dirk’s army, who slowly exited each zipper ship then surrounded my person. I studied the mini-bot screen that showed the uneven, irregular and damaged landscape of destroy Planet Resort coming from a maser bomb a long time ago that originated from Dirk within the first alien timeline. Of course, I couldn’t share that known information to anyone as no citizen would believe an alien.
I pointed my finger in different direction giving out my order. “Captain, you take a team and search the southern territories. Commander, you take a different team and scout out the eastern landscape. Lieutenant, you take a third team and head west, young man,” I laughed with my secret and ancient Earth humor then order. “I will travel to the northern terrain looking for our target.”
“Hmm! Are you planning to travel to the northern landscape, alone and lonely, Major?” Captain Reject from Dirk’s reject honor guards leaned down and mouth spit over her wet hair roots, yelling over the sheets of raindrops. I sighed with annoyance.
“Do you have a problem, Captain? Good! Neither, do I. Move out!” I shouted out loud the new order.
Some of the team members sniggered at Starra but all of them spun around, slowly padding ahead towards their assigned zipper ship, flying off to their assigned flight path, including the nosy captain of Dirk’s rejects.
I continued to stand in the deep mud puddle while feeling both worry and angry while watch Dirk spies leave my eyesight. I sighed with plan.
I closed my two gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I performed a Tele lift from the wet ground and executed a Tele fly through the wet raindrops without hitting any of the lightning bolts hearing the intense thunder clouds. I opened my two gray tinted eyelashes and viewed the northern hilltop of more damaged buildings and tiny peeks of black tinted flowers and plant bushes of radiated poison for a human hand. I continued to perform a Tele fly through the rain and easily spotted with my natural eyeballs a single damaged abandoned old casino hotel structure beaming with a set of metaphysical light coming from each gathered human aura. The building appeared as a loose pile of broken indigo which is a deep purplish-blue hue of hard bricks and very dangerous for a human girl. No outside sentries were guarding the open archway either.
I performed a Tele halt in the wet raindrops and executed a Tele rip with my telekinesis tearing off the jagged broken door from the unsafe hinges, flinging the item down into the mud puddle with a loud splash. I still did not view a single or double set of guards inside the building either. I sighed with caution.
I continued to stand in the air during the rain storm and performed a Tele fly through the open archway, missing each jagged edge including the pointy glass, the broken wooden staves, and the busted bricks. Then I stopped inside the building. I felt wet and dirty performing a Tele scan with my telepathy throughout the space and through each solid wall.

Yeah, I can do that!

I located Rann and the rest of his fellow nobles upstairs on the second floor. I sighed with relief.
I continued to stand in the air and performed an air-walk maneuver through the air currents over the floor, climbing up the broken staircase and retrieved my maser in my right shooting hand as ordered by my king. I was the enemy and Rann’s girlfriend. I prayed the other nobles or rebels, or friends remembered that social fact. I halted in the air waves and slowly dropped down to the rotten and uneven floor at the edge of the stairwell, in front of a closed door with lots of loud noise.
I closed my two gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I performed a Tele view with my teleclairvoyance, seeing a large banquet room with numerous food tables and lots of beverage barrels while the nobles nosily ate their delicious lunch meal. I sighed with deep relief.
I reached out and executed a Tele tap on the door frame then touched the door knob, and finally opened the closed door with a set of invisible finger pads, letting the weight of the door swing open. No one greeted my person.
I slowly stroll through a square-shaped threshold dancing to other side room, examining the damaged room with numerous broken indigo colored sofas, missing matching chairs, busted glass side tables, a partial built-in wooden book case with decorative ugly pictures and then beautiful mirrors showing off each noble and my person. No one attacked my body.
My two eardrums heard a set of loud voices which echoed around the wall as each piece of shiny silverware clanked against every bone china plate. The food items smelled delicious to my watering taste buddies. I performed a Tele shove gently closing the door shut with a set of invisible finger pads and without a loud sound.

Yeah, I am that good!

I turned and stared at the rear skull on Rann, then the nose profile on Ty, then Ivan, then Tok, then Nat, and then the rest of the other loyal warriors, who continued to sit and eat and laugh exhibiting a good time, without my person. No one invited my person.
“Starra!” Ty turned to see the solid figure and shouted out loud, swiftly standing upright from the chair, without pointing at Starra. Then each pair of noble hands stopped moving and as each pair of noble eyeballs darted to the side, staring at Starra on the side wall.
“Starra!” Rann spun around and smiled at his girl, slowly standing upright from the chair, dashing ahead and collided into her body with soft laughter. He pulled back and smiled at Starra.
“What is she doing here?” Ivan slowly stood upright from the chair at the dining room table and did not name the girl as usual, pulling out his personal maser weapon from his utility belt, pointing the cold barrel at Starra while growling. Ty leaned over with a smile and slapped the shooting hand on Ivan, shaking his blonde tinted curls at the fiery general.
Rann whispered into her face. “I was very worried about you. How do you feel, Starra?”
“How did Starra find us?” Tok continued to sit and enjoyed the evening meal without worry but curiosity, chewing the food, staring at her.
“We are all in danger now from Dirk.” Nat slowly stood upright from his chair and frowned at Starra.
“Impossible.” Ty smiled at the back spine on Rann without seeing the face on Starra.
“I trust Starra.” Rann told his friends.
“I don’t.” Ivan buzzed his lips then sneered at Starra.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
“No!” I gasped in worry and whispered for my eardrums, pulling away from his warm hug, spinning around and raced to the long wall, staring out the broken, dirty glass pane. The rain had stopped. King Dirk in a waterproof cape in ugly purple hue led his team of honor guards that wore a wet wool uniform with a maser hand gun. I exhaled with annoyance and spun around, dashing back into his arm. Rann only nodded with the understanding inside the damaged banquet room and impatiently waited for death. I sighed with angry.
Outside the hallway, behind the closed door, a loud sound of numerous heavy footfalls nosily invaded the narrow opening as a set of faint voices echoed through the air waves. Inside the banquet room, Rann continued to hug Starra and leaned down, kissing her cheekbone protecting his girl from King Dirk. I sighed with fear.
“Dirk!” I sneered at the closed door.
“Who else would it be?” Rann chuckled at her silly comment.
“I’m so sorry, Rann.” I continued to stare at the closed door.
Ty shuffled from the dining room table and stood beside Rann, staring at the closed door, smiling with his silly comment. “The noise of a few hundred honor guard rejects,” he laughed with the other nobles.
Each noble moved from the dining room table and the dining meal, standing in a row behind Rann, scanning each wall. There was not a fast escape sight. This portion of the casino hotel building had been badly damaged, where the row of roof tiles had collapsed over the pretty bricked patio, blocking most of the glass windows, so they were all trapped. I sighed with doom.
Ivan stopped and stood beside Rann with his devoted loyalty, holding his maser at the closed door for the first and final kill shots while sneering at the situation, “I’ll handle this…”
“I will.” Rann released Starra and stood upright, staring at the door.
I felt naked and nervous. I sighed with true love.
On the other side of the closed door, the voice shouted through the damaged planks. “Open the door!” Dirk continued to shout. “Break it down!” His army of rejects used an assortment of hand tools and their bare hands toppling the damaged door that landed down with a loud crash.
Rann shoved Starra from his side and as she stopped and posed a few inches behind his back spine. I sighed with death.
Dirk will not harm Rann and as I will not allow it, because I plan to harm Dirk first. I sigh with death.
Sneering Dirk appeared and stood inside the ugly doorframe then smiled at his captives while his girly silk robes spilled down beyond the open archway into the empty hallway and across the broken wooden door frame. His army of rejects quickly surrounded the air space around Dirk and stomped on his girly robes while laughing at the group of noble captives.
I recognize his slaves…naw…servants from each social party seeing a familiar face coming from the cooks, maids, butlers, waitresses, technicians and the group of loser guards. I sighed with confusion.
Inside the archway, Dirck reached down and grabbed the silk robes, flinging the hemline from the floor, ripping the fabric as each person sniggered with amusement. He smiled at Rann. “Starra, good job!”
“Starra is the spy.” Tok gasped in alarm and then growled at the back spine on Starra.
“Stang!” I whispered for my two eardrums only and continued to stand a few inches behind Rann while unfurling and furling up my two folded fists for the upcoming death kill on Dirk.
Rann laughed out loud then back stepped, cuddling Starra with love and protection. “Starra is not the spy.”
“General Ivan, Ambassador Ty and Marquis Tok, may I ask what you are doing to me?” Dirk turned and nodded to the other nobles. “I find your noble behavior most embarrassing, firstly. Secondly, I declare each one of you a worthless traitor to the Crown.
“That’s Dirk! If you didn’t know the crown!” Ty laughed with the other nobles and Starra. 
Dirk sneered. “Thirdly, each noble crime is punishable by an instant death act.”
“He can count too!” Nat laughed with his friends and Starra.
His army of rejects shuffled around and pulled out a maser hand gun, pointing at one of the nobles. Dirk laughed. “I really do hate dictating all of these royal edits. It makes me look like a monster.”
“You are a monster, King Dirk.” I growled.
“Starra, this is really not your fight, sweetie.” Dirk winked at her.
“It is now.” I sneered. Rann pressed his finger pads into her arm warning Starra not to react yet.
Dirk nodded. “Gentlemen, please try to co-operate with my order. Each one of you is under arrest. You will not have a public trial. I am the judge, jury, and executor of justice in my universe. But I will announce all these charges, crimes, and convictions on Jubilation Day as part of the ready reading list informing the citizens of all updated matters, so they knew the truth.” Each noble shifted their boot soles over the uneven floor.
Rann shouted out his order. “Everyone, stand down!”
“Starra, come here to me!” Dirk extended his hand and nodded to Starra. Rann quickly drew out his maser weapon and pointed at the forehead on Dirk while sneering for the kill shot.
I reached out and pushed Rann’s hand with the maser barrel down to the floor and away from Dirk’s face. Rann holstered the weapon for Starra. I laughed out loud, “No!”
“Starra, you are not charged with a crime.” He continued to smile.
I continued to laugh and shook my curls slapping my chest. “I am guilty of a crime, because I want you dead permanently.” Each noble sniggered at Dirk.
“Starra, do you remember our deal?” Dirk nodded.
“Our deal!” I gasped in alarm and whispered for my two eardrums.
“What deal, Starra?” Rann sneered at Dirk but talked to Starra.
“I must leave with Dirk.” I stepped forward for my surrender. Rann pulled Starra closer into his body while sneering at Dirk.
“Do you remember our deal, Starra? Come to me, right now!” Dirk ordered.
I turned and faced Rann, lifting upward on my toes, leaning over and kissed his soft lips, pulling back with a whisper. “You will not be harmed.” I jerked away from Rann
Rann reached out and pulled Starra back into his chest, while sneering at Dirk. Dirk continued to smile at the upcoming death act on Rann. Rann growled. “No!”
“Leave this to me! I’ll take care of it.” I continued to stare at Dirk.
“No, Starra!” His eyeballs darted to his friend Ty. Ty continued to hold his hand inside his vest outlining the maser weapon.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
“Don’t worry!” I pulled away and stood on the right side of Rann.
“Starra is the cause of your problem, Rann. Give her to me. I’ll take care of her.” Dirk chuckled.
“Me!” I gasped in shock.
“Starra is …”
I performed a Tele future sight with my teleclairvoyance seeing the action:

Ty jerks his maser from his body vest, aiming it at Dirk.

“No!” I screamed out loud, if Dirk died, our deal was done. Then each one of his honor guards would rise a maser and kill Rann. Once dead, always gone! I quickly slammed a Tele shield around both Rann and Ty using my telekinesis talents.
Ty shouted out loud to his friends. “Get down!” He back stepped from Rann before jerking the hidden maser from his vest, releasing out a red tinted maser wave without harming his friends, since Ty was a truly dedicated friend for life to Rann. I sighed with loyalty.
However, Ty would die for a second time, since this was his destiny in the fifth alien timeline and for the rest of the future alien time lines.
I swiftly reacted and performed a Tele slap hitting his aiming arm. His maser dropped down and traveled across the floor. The red wave penetrated then killed the solid rotten wall, so no other citizen was harmed. I performed Tele shove with my telekinesis on an upright Ty from the impending honor guard maser blast. Ty harmlessly plowed his body into a standing Rann while they both tumbled downwards sliding over the floor and hugged each other, hitting one of the dining room chairs and stopped in rest. I continued to stand like an innocent teen.


O yeah! I am an innocent teenage of seventeen years old from Planet Earth, in the Milky Way Galaxy.


I continued to sneer at Dirk. I sighed with the save.
Dirk sneered at Starra. “Fire!” He was not going to wait for the hangman’s noose on each noble inside Game stadium tomorrow morning as King Dirk planned to kill everyone here on asteroid Resort, in secret, since the gang of bold and brave nobles were preparing for a royal battle and carried a maser weapon for body protection.
“Not on my shift!” I continued to sneer at Dirk and released all my tele talents encircling both my two friends Ty and Rann with a second protective Tele bubble, since they would not survive the stream of deadly maser shots coming from each royal honor guard’s weapon. I performed a Tele probe with my telepathy, feeling an upcoming overheated energy inside ach maser gun and slammed down of my palms down towards the floor, exploding each maser weapon in every guard’s hand. I spun around and viewed my two friends, who were spared a death act, this around. I laughed out loud at Dirk. Then a single red tinted maser shot through the air waves coming from the hidden maser gun inside his girly silky robes. I sighed with shock.
The red maser wave selfishly attacked my back spine as I was standing in Rann’s hot spot during the fight exchange. The deadly beam penetrated with a solid force into my upright body, burning through my golden skin tone that I had created yesterday at the pool. I smelled my burned flesh and felt my fiery hair strands. I viewed clear plasma, red blood proteins, and gushes of watery fluids spurt swiftly from each one of my open wounds on my back spine that extended into my chest cavity. I was an upright fireball.
My rib cage bones painfully melted down into a gooey substance inside my body and as my twin lungs burned into two pieces of dried toast. I dropped down in pain and landed on my two hard kneecaps tumbling down into his open arms. Rann had shifted from the hug with Ty and quickly appeared in front of Starra, wearing a sad face of tears.
My head felt dizzy and my heart rate slowed and as my belly button burned into a hollow hole through my guts. I tasted salt and warm blood on my burning tongue.
Rann had to release her body as Starra continued to burn as a folded fireball on top of the rotten wooden planks. His two eyeballs shined with his sad tears and his lips moved in silent.
I continued to kneel on the floor and closed my lids without eyelashes while feeling tired and sleepy. My mind floated into outer space and as my consciousness fell into total darkness.

Unknown planet. Unknown place. Unknown day
Hot and sunny skies with 88ºF
Early morning time period


Again, I sat numbingly in my assigned seat and blinded on purpose with both of my gray tinted eyelashes shut. I did not move, think or pray, since I was alive and thankful for the survival.
I un-belted the cockpit restraints over my body and opened my two eyelashes, popping off my space suit helmet, leaping up from the chair and spun around, seeing half of a pilot’s chair. But I was fully intact along with my long wavy gray hair. I slowly leaned down and viewed the console instrument panel, studying the rough terrain. I sighed with surprise.
I viewed a tall range of green and lush forest mountains on the left side of the windshield and a series of dead but slightly alive green colored leaves in trees, bushes, and foliage on the right side of the windshield. A dry crooked narrow vehicle path stood in the middle of a dead brownish green colored planet.
My Tele sense pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I spun around with a smile and shuffled ahead, performing a Tele leap off the damaged floor, executing a Tele fly through the warm air waves, and then accomplished a smooth Tele land down on the dirt. My body was pointed in the direction of the hidden object and as I whispered for my eardrums only. “I found something. A structure is located thirteen miles northeast of my position.”
I looked up and scanned a bright yellow sun in a pale blue sky and looked down seeing a smooth plot of brown tinted soil while blinking back my wet tears of both happiness and horror. I barely recalled within my brain cells meeting a set of new people, places, planets, and palaces, since I had scientifically traveled back through space and time to visit here for a sixth time.
“Yup! I’m back here as the alien.” I frowned and shook my gray bangs down into my eyelashes, sniffing the stinky smoke, before the heated wave attacked my precious body. I spun around and performed a Tele dash using my telekinesis and raced away from the ground space shuttle, hearing the explosion behind my rear skull. I shouted out loud in angry. “This ain’t my day.” I signed with defeat.
I halted in safety and stood in place, stripping off the heavy astronaut space suite and the ratty Tele one-piece jumpsuit also, dropping each individual piece down on the ground, exposing my girly undergarments, only. I spun around and tracked down all the fallen pieces from the Earth’s space shuttle on a pair of scuffed and ripped knee-high boots, which was four thousand feet from the body of the ship.

Yeah, I’m a ruler.

I stared with annoyance at both the missing cabin and storage compartment that had housed the numerous wheeled terrain vehicles for traveling around an unfamiliar planet while looking for shelter from the cold…naw…heat.
I whispered for my two eardrums only, “This ain’t my day.” I laughed out loud. “Can I go back to bed and start all over again?” I sighed with pity.
I performed a Tele-leap up from the dry dirt then executed a Tele-soar through the air waves using my telekinesis and finally accomplished a Tele-landing on top of the jagged metal, without cutting up more of the torn boots.

Yeah, I am that good!

I slowly surveyed the damaged partition. Some of the upright black tinted steel lockers were intact but not one of them was mine. I frowned, “This ain’t my day.” The upper row of semi-crooked but slightly upright steel lockers displayed the names Martin, Lulu, Kenya, Gigi, not mine. I sighed with aggravation.
The weather was hot, humid, and here to stay. I looked up and viewed the heated sun that stood around a pale blue colored sky, without a single rolling dark tinted cloud of rain or a white tinted cloud of protection from the heated sunlight. Newly formed sweat balls dripped down my two eyebrows. I flipped my sweaty face down even with the ground and viewed the direction of the new warehouse that was located thirteen miles in the northwest. “This ain’t my day!” I sighed with toil.
I performed a Tele leap with my telekinesis up from the jagged floor and executed a Tele drop landing down on the bottom floor of the damaged ship, wearing my girly undergarments that exposed all the other body parts. The warm sunlight felt wonderful on my exposed skin, but I could not walk around all day and all night dressed for a swimming party as I was an alien. I needed an alien outfit for my alien presentation within the unknown galaxy. I sighed with purpose.

When nothing else works, use logic or borrow someone’s stuff!

I scanned the new lower row of steel lockers and viewed all the male names. Well, I could not wear a piece of male clothes, because the fabric was too big, too tall, and too wide. I had eliminated all of Lulu’s personal wardrobe as well as she was a short queenly girl, so all her personal garments would be too big, too wide, and too long.
Dead and gone Tele co-worker Gigi held a model body with her tall body frame, a set of thin narrow shoulders. I could wear her set of thin and narrow pieces of clothing scanning her twisted wall of metal staring at her name place with a whisper. “This ain’t my day.”
Her personal space shuttle locker was crushed like a sandwich in-between Martin and Lulu’s locker space. I sighed with frustration.
I performed a Tele jerk with my telekinesis on the top portion with the bent metal flinging the twisted metal off the hinges down onto the dirt, but I still could not reach the top portion on the tall locker as I was a short female. I sigh with shortness.
I implemented a Tele pull on the bottom hinges and twisted the smooth metal, until it sheared off the base, tossing more metal debris down on top of the dirt. I scanned the targeted locker with Gigi’s name and levitated each item from the metal walls into my two open arms collecting a first aid kit, a hand pistol, black clothes, a pair of black shoes, and a pair of black slippers.

Is that my blood?

I continued to stare down at the tiny dark spot of deep maroon on the leather of my right knee boot with worry which were currently both smelly on my naked feet and sweaty in the hot sun. My feet were too small for Gigi’s black leather knee boots, so I selected her black tinted non-bedroom slippers made of a light weight soft material like mine inside my destroyed and missing locker. I zipped off the hot boots and placed a soft knitted delicate slipper on each naked foot, which was a little big but comfortable. I tossed both of my torn boots down into the open locker.
I quickly changed into her black tinted long shorts and her matching longer tee shirt using her sharp pointy knife cutting four inches down at the bottom on each garment for my better fit and cooler comfort. The wonderful bright sun had shifted into the mid-afternoon making for a hotter afternoon for every plant and person. I looked up and stared at the stored hand gun, not needing the weapon, because if anything or anyone crossed me, right here or there and right now or later, then I was going to strangle him, she, or it with my two bare naked cupped hands as I was in such a happy mood. I sneered. “This ain’t my day!” I sighed with revenge.
I stared and studied the First Aid Kit which I did not need as I possessed my telemetabolics talent for any additional bleed letting or body healing using my soft finger touch on my body.

That sounds, not right, ya’ll!

I executed a Tele slam with my telekinesis slapping the metal door shut and locked storage cabinet open while looking for additional survival items inside the open lockers. Neatly folded towels, bed linens, oily mechanic parts, and stacked food packs…naw…burnt food packs. I decided to by-pass each burnt food pack without becoming sick, vomiting over my new clothes and nodded with a smile. “I did this before….” I shook my gray colored bangs down into my two eyeballs and continued to examine each new package of warm food placing that item with an invisible hand down inside the small bag. “Water! Yes, I will need plenty of this stuff.” I sighed with survival.
I levitated one bottle after another, until the bag was filled to the rim, squatting down, placing the shoulder strip over my collar bone then sounded with a set of loud grunts in slight non-injury pain, without standing upright from the bend metal floor, because I could not lift and tote the heavy backpack, without using my telekinesis talent during the mid-day heat and sun, which would quickly drain all of my Tele powers faster than an ordinary sunny day. I sacrificed half the bag with individual refreshing water bottles then used my muscles lifting the heavy sack onto my collar bone grunting in pain and suffering. I toted two bottles of water in each hand readying for my long journey. I sighed with adventure.
I stepped forward then stopped staring at the big broken portion on the damaged Earth space shuttle which was usually in one piece during the other darn alien timelines, but not today. The second portion lived up the road in a green grassy field. I growled. “This ain’t my day.” I sighed with annoyance.
I lifted my free arm in the air and performed a Tele shove with my telekinesis at the embedded chunk of metal down in the earth dirt, executing a Tele steer like a riverboat down the Mississippi River…. naw …wrong planet. I continued to steer the broken piece of metal down a rough and bumpy semi-crooked dirt road, performing a Tele shove on the object posing right behind the first part of the damaged ship. Then created at Tele shield around the entire pile of metal trash. I sighed with work.
I slowly back stepped from the ugly heap of twisted, glittering metal and spun around, strolling ahead, whistling for fun and then halted. I spun around and performed at Tele view using my teleclairvoyance, viewing the ugly heap of twisted, glittering metal, pressing the detonator button on the remote-control device in my free hand. A tiny array of blue fire, yellow colored sparks started out low and slow then quickly erupted into tall, wide pretty flames in purple, red, orange and pink tones within the clear blue sky. Good luck to anyone trying to find one piece of evidence of an outer space starship coming from Planet Earth within the Milky Way Galaxy which had been piloted by a seventeen-year-old teen alien. My own personal tall and wide Tele shield repelled back all the flying numerous shards of metal, shredded pieces of metal equipment, and parts of burnt metal ship and as I watched the creation of one big goo patty in white, black, and silver melted metal ground puddles. To finish my baking job, I tossed a pile of fresh brown colored dirt on top while covering a damaged spaceship from one or two naked eyes, unless the alien…naw…native possessed a finely tuned instrument, which detected a crushed and crashed-landed piece of Earth outer space starship among a pile of disguised heap. I sighed with happiness.
I spun around with a smile and started my long hike, shuffling the heavy bag across the other collar bone, pouring a bottle of hot water over my dirty, sweaty hair roots. The warm water dripped then landed down on both of my collar bones soaking the oversized black tinted tee shirt and the pair of oversized matching shorty shorts and as I strolled ahead covering thirteen miles towards an abandoned warehouse while singing sour notes from my voice. I sighed with music.

Citizens of the unknown universe:

Ann, Lady of Bonita
Bartholomew, Baron of Agri
Bea, Countess of Ice
Dee, Marquise of Resort
Dirk, Lord of Bonita
Dov, Count of Ice
Ivan, General of Militia
Ito, Priest of Bio
Ivy, Baronetess of Agri
Jo, Governess of Uni
Jon, Governor of Uni
Kona, Major of Militia
Lad, Viscount of Tech
Las, Priestess of Bio
Mar, Generalette of Militia
Rann, Prince of Sahara
Rex, King of Commerce
Rita, Queen of Commerce
Rosa, Lady of Bonita
Roy, Marquis of Resort
Tok, Marquis of Resort
Ty, Administrator of Sahara
Viv, Princess of Sahara
Zak, Baronet of Agri



Planets of the unknown universe:

Agri, planet of food and livestock or Food World
Bio, planet of medical facilities
Bonita, planet of land
Commerce, planet of Royal family and the Game
Ice, planet of snow and ice
Militia, space station of honor guards, pilots, police
Resort, planet of casinos and entertainment center
Sahara, planet of prisoners or Prison Planet
Tech, planet of technology or Tech World
Uni, planet of school
Wall, divider between the two solar suns

Bots of the unknown universe:


Abot, agricultural robot
Bbot, biological robot
Cbot, conqueror robot
Dbot, door robot
Ebot, evacuation robot
Fbot, football robot
Gbot, guard robot
Hbot, housekeeping robot
Ibot, inn robot
Jbot, jury robot
Kbot, kitchen robot
Lbot, lady robot
Mbot, messenger robot
Nbot, news robot
Obot, orchestra robot
Pbot, pilot robot
Qbot, etiquette robot
Rbot, repair robot
Sbot, service robot
Tbot, testing robot
Ubot, “U better not run” robot
Vbot, love robot
Xbot, excavation robot
Ybot, yard robot
Zbot, zipper robot

Present alien day and place and time and space continues…


Alien Day 112


Abandoned warehouse location
Sunny and 103ºF
Late afternoon time period


Thirty Earth minutes, using Earth time, as I did not know the unknown universal time structure here on the strange planet. In the heated sunlight, within the late afternoon, I continued to walk ahead and walked over the semi-rotten front porch, reaching out, touching the door knob on the closed metal door. I viewed an array of vivid colors and heard a sound of soft music notes inside my active mind as and my set of brain cells mentally flashed back into my past life on Planet Earth.


I am Starra Starbelt measuring five feet and one inch, weighing ninety-five pounds and one ounce, possessing a head of waist-length silver wavy hair, a triangle face, a pair of small gray eyes, a pointy nose, and two high cheekbones.

I possess a cliff chin among a tone of golden tawny colored skin. My face is decorated with assortment of small golden brownish freckles. I am seventeen years old and work as a farm administrator on Planet Earth.

I had been drafted by Peter Martin and completed my first intergalactic outer space trip to a new planet, within a new galaxy, using all four of my Tele paranormal gifts consisting of telepathy, telekinesis, telemetabolics, and teleclairvoyance.

And I have somehow survived, alone, as an alien princess…naw…teenager.


Then I mentally flashed back into the present standing within the sixth alien timeline and released the door knob. The open swung around and revealed a single room. I slowly padded into the cold air-conditioned empty room, dripping in drops of heavy perspiration down from my curls to my toes. My hair strands were flattened against my sweaty forehead, wet back spine and muscles, and both of my collar bones down to my fanny. I sighed with un-comfort.
I have jogged thirteen miles in three hours, that was based Earth time. There is 60 Earth minutes in an Earth hour, which is 180 Earth minutes. So, I had jogged 13.84 miles-per-hour while eating the two packs of food in the first hour, then I downed my limited water supply by the second hour, within the hot sunshine. Then within the third hour, I was living on a prayer as Earth humans liked to say.
Inside the familiar lobby room of the abandoned warehouse, I scanned my new alien home with a smile. “This is so nice.” I could feel the drifting cold waves coming from an operating air-conditioner vent near the ceiling tiles drying my sweaty body, seeing a tray of food trays on top of the clean counter and ice cubes of cold water in a clear, sweaty glass pitch that looked both inviting and refreshing. I slowly stumbled ahead towards the bar countertop reaching out with both hands and stopped, snatching up the entire pitcher and slipped mouthfuls of cold water straight from the side of the glass decanter as I was a rude and crude alien. I sighed with happiness.
“Who are you?” An alto voice sounded out loud behind the back spine on Starra and as a tall body frame with an unknown adult female appeared wearing a pale-tinted, rough-looking face, dressing in a neatly pressed and ironed blue tinted military uniform with a yellow tinted sash over her chest.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything is fine.
I did not drop or release the glass pitcher of cold water, slowly spinning with annoyance, facing an ugly woman, who wore the standard royal guard uniform coming from the king’s military. She was still pointing a cold maser barrel at my healthy heart. I sighed with shock.

Give her an answer!

My Tele senses pinged. Everything is fine.
I opened my mouth as my spit drooled down my bottom lip then hit the dirty floor tiles. “A Bonitian.”
“Real cute.” She frowned.
“Thank you! I am cute.” I giggled and grinned slightly wiggling at the unknown military female.
“Where’s your uniform?” She surveyed the young girl.
“At the cleaners,” I laughed and smiled with my great Earth joke.
“Which side do you root for?” She sneered.
“The dark side!” I smiled. She did not comment. So, I grinned. “The light side!” She did not smile. So, I frowned. “Is this a trick question?”
“Who’s she?” A new pressed and ironed, blue tinted military uniform with a male body showed up and stood beside the female guard, staring at the new girl.
“A problem.” She and he laughed.
“I beg your pardon!” I gasped in shock.
“Get onto the bus with the rest of the animals, before I use my maser on your dirty clothes!” She thumbed back over collar bone towards the damaged door while sneering at Starra.
I did not release the sweaty glass pitcher and strolled around the ugly couple, moving ahead over the empty floor, out the busted door, approaching a large outer space starship that was grounded down on the ground.

How did I miss that one?

I stood in line and finished the water pitcher, squatting down, placing on the ground and stood upright, climbing into the ship with the other young citizens. I shoved then pushed then yelled inside the overcrowded seats and aisle inside the passenger ship that could hold fifty citizens and seventy pieces of luggage. I stopped in the middle of the ship and slid over a couple of cute guys, who flirted with the couple of cute girls across the empty aisle. I sighed with cuteness.
I slide down in an unoccupied chair without belting into the seat for the long ride to the zoo or the prison or someplace. I turned to the glass window and whispered for my eardrums only, “This ain’t my day!” I viewed a solid wall of silver tinted mental that held the cockpit, leaning backwards and wiggled my padded seat, closing my two gray-colored eyelashes. However, I continued to hear through my two sensitive eardrums the constant chatting, laughing, and giggling coming from the numerous juvenile boys and girls as well as smelling the nasty, stinky odor coming from the same group of teenagers.


Planet Commerce location
Auditorium setting

Unknown King of the Universe
Cloudless sunny sky and 81ºF
12th hour (early afternoon)


Several minutes later, less than an hour but more than thirty minutes of Earth time, the passenger outer space starship swiftly descended from the outer space waves then quickly landed straight down on top of solid vanilla colored concrete among a cloudless day of heated air temperature. The season is summertime. I slowly exited the ship with the other citizens or prisoners or young peoples while studying the familiar planet, which was called Commerce, where I always end up or begin here or land on. I sighed with humor.
I followed the pack of young people and padded into the familiar orange tinted auditorium inside the familiar red tinted structure on familiar planet of Commerce in-between a semi-crooked row of un-familiar big, ugly royal honor guards that wore a single satin purple sash around a fit waistline, lots of smelly cologne or perfume fumes over a neatly pressed and ironed blue tinted military uniform. I picked out and sat down in an empty seat within the crowded room elbowing the other pointy elbows on my right side then my left side among the laughing teenagers. I sighed with boredom.
From each wall corner, an individual musician in a neatly pressed and ironed tinted military uniform playing a golden tinted musical trumpet loudly tooting with a set of musical notes, when a tall figure in a purple tinted robe appeared and smiled coming from behind the purple tinted curtains, walking silently ahead and then stopped behind a short podium. He nodded with a smile, “Welcome! I am your king.” Dirk was ruler of the universe. I sighed with fear.
“This is not my day!” I whispered for my eardrums only and continued to stare softly sneering at my number one enemy of the universe.


I mentally flashed backwards, within the fifth alien timeline, when Dirk was king also, during the new never created Royal Carnival, and caused major trouble for me, with Rann, in which, I didn’t become married or finish that alien timeline, before dying again.


Then I mentally flashed present, within the sixth alien timeline, staring with a low growl at my one number enemy.
Dirk nodded. “Congratulations on your recent graduation from the rotating ball of metal components, which is called Space Station Uni. I commend each one of you for attending and completing your difficult homework assignment and your school activities.” He poses and pauses as each student nosily clapped and cheered for the king. I did not cheer or clap but sneered for the reigning king. He continued in his dull monotone of alto timber. “I guess you are wondering why and what your person is doing here. You are to become tested and then assigned a working job with currs here within my universal kingdom which lies throughout the various global planets, based on your next set of examination scores.”
Weird-o! Within the previous five alien timelines, which I have been completely messed up, which is beside the point, each citizen is birthed then dies on their home planet, without the chance of any type of future travel plans for allowing for a different career promotion on a different planet.
I did not move my head and sliced my two eyeballs studying each one of my citizen buddies on the same hard bleacher bench, who appeared like a group of young, naive teenagers, then I smiled while nodding my bone skull at King Dirk’s command, in silence. I sighed with puzzlement.
Get this! I am a classified as a student, which means, I receive currs, shelter, and food, without working, instead of charity or jail. Believe me! I have experienced both a lousy work job and a terrible time in jail throughout the five alien timelines. I sigh with victory.
Dirk continued. “The beginning of your personal professional journey will start there on the planet of Agri with the fitting of your new professional uniform.” The students sounded with cheers and claps for Dirk as I rolled by two eyeballs then softly sneered while shaking my curls at Dirk. I sighed with adventure.


Planet Agri location
Property land of Ambassador Ty
Cloudy and sunny sky with 72ºF
13th hour (mid- afternoon)
Uniform clothes store setting


Of course, the group of teenagers, including seventeen-year-old Starra left the social auditorium building, without King Dirk, and climbed back into the dirty, trashy passenger starship, flying off Planet Commerce, landing in the designated parking lot with the other outer space starships on Planet Agri.
Planet Agri is nicknamed the Farm Planet and is colored in dull greens for forest, dull reds for crop lands, and dull blues for fresh water rivers and lakes. The world produces domestic animals for pets and work jobs plus farm animals for food, numerous crop fields for food and materials for clothes and furniture, and seafood from the fresh water rivers and lakes.
The group of teenagers were guided by one of the Business Associates, without a name, wearing a dirty-looking tan colored one-piece jumpsuit, walking between rows of yellow tinted corn stalks on one side and flat pasture lands with herds of black and white grazing cows on the opposite side, running over a smooth red tinted dirt road into a square-shaped log house with a row of open windows, without the glass panes. The line of newly graduated young teenagers stopped and formed a semi-crooked line from the open doorway, over the dirt to the end, where Starra stood with a smile of curiosity. Each student entered the small structure then disappeared into the dark room.
I was next and moved through the open door, quickly fanning away each drifting plume of heated steam from my wet face. The interior room smelled of fresh pine tree scent and looked like true chopped pine tree logs with its exposed tree rings presenting a narrow floor plan. One side held a work counter in smooth wooden pine and a row of workers, guarding a line of clothing items.
Note: Planet Agri grows food and animals which are both eaten and worn by each citizen of the unknown universe, including one lonely and scared alien from Planet Earth.
Behind the work counter, each Business Associate wore the usual plus slightly dirty tan colored one-piece jumpsuit and various skin tones, hair styles, and eye colors. 
I stopped in front of the first worker at the work counter and stated, “I wanna design my own uniform.” I commanded like an alien princess but smiled like a beauty queen at the adult male clerk, who stood behind the work counter and issued each pressed and ironed blue tinted uniform.
He did not bother to view Starra and fiddled with a new jacket. “What color would you like, Miss Student?”
“I prefer the color of gray matching my hair strands.” I reached up and touched one of the curly tips on my gray tinted locks and smiled brightly.
“Well, you’re lucky, today, young miss. We have blue to match nothing.” He chuckled in a rude husky tone then spun around, reaching, fiddling with a stack of matching neatly pressed and ironed blue tinted military uniforms.
I frowned at the back spine on the Business Associate first then surveyed a clothing rack of jackets, shirts, skirts second, then a smaller rack of colored sashes last. Each item hung like an individual dead fish in a row against the smooth tree log panel and represented each native color from each different noble house. However, I was not a lady noble or a blood relative of King Dirk or a native of Planet Bonita.

Think! Think slow! Think slower!

“Here, you go, Miss Student.” He smiled and grabbed one of the smaller uniforms near the wall intersection with a long purple tinted sash then spun around, handing the two items to Starra.
I stared down at the neatly ironed and nicely pressed blue uniform first, then frowned down at the purple tinted sash second, looking up with a smile, pointing at the row of colorful sashes, “I don’t wanna a purple tinted, satiny sash. Can I have a white satiny sash instead?”
“Every student receives a purple colored, satiny sash, if you name is not on the list.” He smiled at Starra.
I gasped in alarm at the male Business Associate. My name was not located within the galaxy on a list, in a database, or on the log book. I am an alien teen from Planet Earth. I smiled and shifted my fingers, pointing at the other sash, “May I have the pink tinted satiny sash over there?”
“Pink! What’s pink?” He frowned at Starra then spun around to face the wall seeing an isolated sash near the end of the rack.
“The dye was cast with an inappropriate measure of chemicals. The chemicals ruined the sash,” a female Business Associate appeared and stood beside the male tapping on her mini-bot.
I nodded my bone skull several time and waved my arm at the same time at the isolated sash. “Please do! The tone of pink is very closely related to hue of purple as it is. It’s a lower hue of color.”
“What did she say?” The male clear frowned at Starra.
“I don’t know. Give her the pink sash!” The female continued tap on the mini-bot, ignoring each whiny kid.
He spun around with a loud huff and grabbed the pink tinted, satiny sash, twirling back around, handing the item to Starra and waved the same hand down towards the rest of the work counter. “All right! Move along! Nothing to see here!”
I accepted the new satin with a soft girly giggle and slowly shuffled down towards the end of the clothing counter, following the line of soldiers…naw…students to the next worker. Each student received a pair of shoes. I bent over the counter and study each pair of boots.
The male clerk smiled and offered Starra a pair of boots. “Here! A pair of dark blue thigh-high boots for the pretty lady and her long legs.”
I accepted the leather boots then gasped in shock, viewing the back spine on the tall female Business Associate. She held a pair of black tinted cowgirl boots with an ankle crease in hot pink hue. I fingered the boots with a smile, “May I have the pair of cute cowgirl boots too?” The male clerk winked at Starra then spun around to face the female and the pair of boots gasping in alarm.
The female clerk opened her cupped hand then dumped the boots down into a barrel of hot chemical acid beside the doorway.  I watched the pretty boots burn in the hot oil then smoke in steamy signals of red, white, and blue hue. She spun around and smiled at Starra. “That was one of King Dirk’s order. The boots did not conform to his style.”
I snarled at the unknown Business Associate then spun around, hugging my new clothes, following the line of soldiers…naw…students from the clothing store, into a square-shaped room with a tiny individual dressing room. I slowly entered the room which slammed the metal door shut then locked automatically me inside the tiny room. I spun around and stared at the locked door while slowly dressing in my new neatly ironed and nicely pressed blue tinted uniform skirt with a pair of matching thigh-high leather boots. I dumped the dirty, wet borrowed clothes from dead Gigi and the dirty slippers down on the hard wood floor. I tied the pink tinted, satiny sash around my waistline then studied the room. On the opposite wall, a sliding door offered the only exit from the tiny dressing room. I opened the door and gasped in shock, seeing a new rectangular-shaped room.
The room was designed like a clothing store with a long work counter that held trays of food items. Behind the work counter, a line of Business Associates continued to prepare, fill, and offer a plate of hot food. I moseyed down the line and accepted a plate of food, spinning around, viewing a semi-circular room with a row of open windows, without the glass panes also. I shuffled ahead and found an empty seat among the teens, sliding down, sitting in a hard-feeling, wooden sitting chair. I consumed the food and spied on the teens from another galaxy.
“I’m going to work on one of the many dirt farms here on Planet Agri.” A young, pimple-faced, pale tinted, short male student…naw…soldier exclaimed then consumed the food items.
A tall, plump, black-haired, pretty female student…naw…soldier frowned at the male teen, shaking her curls, “I don’t know about working here on Planet Agri. I heard that it is tough working with some of the Business Associates.” She slurped the beverage.
The short male student wiped the food off his dirty mouth and slapped his dirty hand onto the neatly ironed and neatly pressed jacket suit on the military blue tinted uniform, nodding with a grin, “I like to plant vegetables and fruits. I had a garden back home growing up. I don’t need or want their hospitality, only their farm knowledge.”
“Good luck!” She smirked then dove into her food plate, consuming the items.
“Once I meet with Rann, he will approve my new work job.” The short male teen nodded with a smile then dove down into his foot plate, consuming the food items.
“That’s a smart move, bro! Rann, he’ll protect you from all of those evil Business Associates here on the Farm Planet,” a teen female laughed with the others. She possessed average body frame with a ponytail of blonde hair and dark skin.
“If you pass the tests!” A second male teen chuckled then dove into his food plate. He presented a tall, muscular body frame, a tone of olive skin, and a head of shoulder length red tinted curls.
“I plan to teach as a student teacher on space station Uni.” A second female teen nodded with a smile then consumed her food plate, displaying a tall, slender body frame, a tone of pink skin, and a head of short red hair strands.
A third teen smiled. “I wanna become a medical nurse on space station Bio,” he was a tall, skinny male teen with a smile and displayed a head of cropped dirty blonde hair strands, and a tone of light skin.
“What are you to going to be?” A third teen female turned and stared at the nose profile on Starra, presenting a head of long brown tinted hair, a tone of brown tinted skin, and an average body frame.
“Married.” I did not bother to view the pretty teenager and dove down into the food plate, crunching on the vegetable. I sighed with marriage.
“Who are you?” A fourth female teen looked up with puzzlement from her food plate and studied the gray tinted hair roots on Starra, displaying a tall, muscular body frame, a head of cropped black hair, and a tone of pale skin.
“She was riding on the school transport with us, after our tour of dead Planet Bonita.” A fourth male teen frowned at the gray tinted hair roots on Starra and displayed a tall, muscular body frame, a head of long black curls, and a tone of dark skin, still chewing his food items.
I continued to chew my food with annoyance at the group of curiosity teens then swallowed the non-lumpy particles, looking up with a stern face while inquiring with my common sense to each teenager. “Why are you not full filling your destiny, on your home world, like your parents?”
“This is the king’s decree.” The same male teen nodded with a grin.
“Really! This is done by Dirk,” I laughed with amusement then frowned at the kingly demand. I must have missed part of Dirk’s boring lecture, this morning, since my mental mind only pondered the single mental thought of killing Dirk and marrying Rann, not in that specific order either. I sighed with murder.
“Each teen has now graduated from space station Uni. Now, each teen will become tested and then accepted by one of the nobles receiving a grand work job and earn great currs.” The same teen female nodded with a smile to Starra and as the other soldiers…naw…students cheered at the table. I frowned with annoyance at the naïve group of teenagers. I sighed with deception.
“I want my peer supervisor to become Rann. He approves every job for every new intern.” A fifth male teen smiled and displayed a cropped head of brown hair, a tone of coffee colored skin, and a short, plump body frame.
“Me, too!” A fifth teen female slapped her chest and nodded with her friends, displaying a head of long amber colored hair, a tone of amber tinted skin, and a petite body frame.
“And if you are smart, loyal, and ambitious, then Rann will promote your work and your person with more currs for your good work performance.” A sixth male teen nodded with a smile and presented a short body frame, a head of cropped black hair, and a tone of pale skin.
I exhaled with frustration at the group of naive students...naw…soldiers, asking with worry, “So, what happens to you, if you didn’t get Rann as your work supervisor?” Each face looked back down at the food plate and started eating. I gasped in alarm. I sighed with worry.
A seventh female teen wore a cropped head of brown hair, a tone of dark skin, and a tall slender body frame, saying to Starra. “Well, if you don’t become employed by Rann, then you are destined to become employed by the King and paid at the lowest curr scale possible.”
However, each one of us are smart. Rann encourages competition among his workers based on age, experience, and work results.” A seventh male teen tossed both of his arms in the air, when his fork of food flew in the air landing on the floor. He wore a muscular body, a tone of dark skin, and a cropped head of red hair, nodding to each teen, dropping both of his hands back down near his food plate, “And you are invited to all the parties, on the weekends, at asteroid Resort.”
I gasped in shock at the words coming from a teenager, a minor child then turned, frowning at the teen male, “What parties each weekend on asteroid Resort?”
“Are you that clueless?” The same female turned and laughed in the face on Starra.
“What noble planet are you from again?” The same teen male frowned at Starra.
“Bonita.” I softly words without emotion or facial expression.
He gasped in alarm then stated. “Wow! Geez! I don’t know a citizen still lived on that dead world.” The male teen laughed with the other arrogant teens. I sighed with revenge.
“There are one or two citizens still existing on that dead planet. I’m half that population.” I giggled with amusement and watched the group of quiet teens then cleared my throat. “What about the continuous Civil War between the greedy group and selfish gang of nobles and noblettes?” I frowned about something I did know about.
“As long as Rann is winning the war, who cares about the fighting?” An eighth male teen clapped with a smile and displayed a head of long brown hair strands, a tone of pale skin, and a short, plump body frame.
“Whose side did you root for, Stranger girl?” The same teen female frowned at Starra.
The eighth male sneered at Starra. “Yeah! What side are you for, Stranger girl?”
“The dark side.” I giggled with a grin. The silent younglings did not laugh or comment. I nodded several times with a smile. “It’s a joke, on Dirk.” The teens did not comment or chuckle. I laughed out loud with my set of sick mental thoughts “Yeah, it’s a very old joke, on Dirk.” I sniggered at my banter and looked down finishing my food plate. I sighed with murder.


Weapons class training session
Parted clouds with sunrays and 75°F
14th hour (late afternoon)


After finishing the plate of good-tasting food, I highly desired a short catnap of slumber, instead I strolled ahead towards the edge of the lush, green tinted forest smelling the trees and pods of wildflowers, wearing my itchy wool-coated, blue-tinted, long-sleeved military uniform with the prettily pink tinted sash then halted, silently reading the homemade wooden sign in green painted letters: Weapons training.
I stood in line within the humid weather and sweated within my new outfit, whispering for my eardrums only, “This ain’t my day.” I sighed with annoyance. A pair of stranger palms shoved my body forward into a loose huddle of teens.
Each teen watched a male adult, who wore a blue tinted, neatly ironed and nicely pressed military uniform. He did not smile but stated, holding up a set of big colorful star-shaped objects. “You will receive a colorful star, today, based on your single test performance. Red star is bad. Yellow star is repeat. Green star is good.”
“Green hue for go. Yellow hue for cautious. And red hue for stop.” I mumbled too loudly then softly sniggered at the upcoming teenly test.
“Shh!” One of the teen females stood behind the back spine on Starra and stared at the male instructor.
“I thought I had learned how to shoot a weapon on space station Uni, as well as, fly inside an outer space starship off space station Uni.” I shouted out loud with a smile and stared at the male instructor too. I sighed with irritation.
“Shh!” The same female teen shushed behind the back spine on Starra and stared at the male instructor.
The male instructor held the different star near his grin, “And a golden star is for an exceptional final test performance.”
I crossed both of my arms and rolled by both of two eyeballs, returning back, staring at the instructor, “I do believe this a simple task. Hit the target then receive a golden tinted star for exceptional performance.”
“Shh!” The same female teen shushed behind the back spine on Starra and stared at the male instructor.
“No one gets a golden star.” He laughed out loud and shook his long curls at Starra.
“Why not?” I uncrossed my arm and frowned at the arrogant male adult.
“No one is exceptional by my standards. First kid on the end of the huddle. Come to the table. Grab a weapon. Hit the target, right now,” he pointed at the short male teen.
The first male teen slowly shifted from the huddle then stopped, standing beside the lonely wooden table, reaching down and grabbed the single maser weapon. He lifted the barrel in the air in front of his chest and aimed at the target, pressing the button, shooting a green colored wave and hit the dirt 700 feet short. The other teens clapped and cheered for the teen male. He gently dropped the weapon back down onto the hard surface and extended his palm to the instructor.
The instructor laughed out loud and handed a red star to the male teen. “Do you see? He is bad and receives a red tinted star for bad shooting.” The teen accepted the red tinted star and looked down at his lousy reward, slowly spinning around, moving back into the huddle. The instructor laughed out loud and pointed to the next teen. Each teen took a turn and executed a lousy performance, receiving a red tinted star, slowly moving back into the teenly huddle while each one exhibited a sour frown and expressed terrible emotions. The instructor pointed at Starra and yelled out loud, “Next kid!”
I exhaled with annoyance at the foolish instructor and slowly strolled ahead with a smile, stopping beside the lonely wooden table, studying each weapon, consisting of a blue tinted maser for a stun; a yellow tinted maser for a first degree burn; a green tinted maser for a second degree burn, and finally a red tinted maser for total disintegration of the body or target. I selected the red tinted maser and lifted the item in the air, pointing at the target.
“You are indeed a brave and bold foolish teen. Now, let’s see if you can hit the first target which is only 500 feet from your body, little girl.” He laughed out loud with amusement along with the group of arrogant teenagers.
I sneered at the instructor, “Little girl!” I sighed with confidence.
Four targets were perched at 500 feet, then 1,000 feet, then 1,500 feet, and finally 2,000 feet apart slightly scattered among the flat dirt ground, within my acute eyesight and away from my teenly body. I pressed the button and fired out a red tinted maser wave at the first target, then the other three targets while cleaning 300 feet of tall green tinted grass blades and yellow tinted weeds on each side of the target beyond the last field marker. The male instructor and the other gang of teenagers gasped in shock and did not comment to Starra, only staring at the burning grass. A row of repair bots or Rbots appeared out from the thicket of the lush trees and flew ahead to the burning ground, spraying lines of water on the bush fire, buzzing around the air waves and slowly extinguished the fire blaze, before the entire planet exploded into a forest fire.
I continued to stand at the wooden table and replaced the weapon, looking up, smiling at the hairy bone skull on the male adult, “Do I get a golden star now?” I extended my arm and opened my palm towards the male. He did not stare at Starra but extended his hand, placing a golden star on top of her palm for her exceptional weapons test.
I giggled with a grin and shuffled my sash over my chest, grabbing the sticky golden tinted star, pasting the item onto the satiny sash. I spun around to face the stunned crowd of teens then slowly strolled back into the huddle, spinning around and laughed out loud. I sighed with pride.

Alien Day 113


Tech World location
Planet property of Viscountess Rita
Bot Room setting

Dark blue colored sky and 68°F
    with light rain showers at 64% precipitation
6th hour (very early in the morning)


I was now living within a new galaxy that based the seconds, minutes, and hours on the math number of ten. The clock displayed ten digits that circled around each hour of the day, then the night. Thus, the math number of six was barely after the math number of five, which was barely lighted with warm sunlight and did not present a rising sun. I sighed with darkness.
My second day of military training…naw…employment testing involved a bot programming test on Planet Tech. This is my first visit to the bot machine world.
I slowly strolled behind the huddle of teens examining a clean, metal hallway made of silver minerals, smelling the stinky odors consisting of burning chemicals and melting metals. I also viewed several drifting plumes of dull soldering particles that danced near my nostrils then sidestepped from the bodily threat. I do believe this place is very dangerous for a touring visitor. I sighed with intrigue.
A tall, slender female instructor wore a vanilla-tinted, one-piece jumpsuit with a matching pair of boots leading the huddle of teens into a side door and moved ahead towards the front of the room. Each teen selected a bronze-tinted metal chair beside a black tinted machine, touching the object while softly whispering to their neighbor.
The female instructor stood against the bronze tinted metal wall and smiled at the group of teens, waving one of her hands in the air. “If any teen cares to wander around the facility, then go ahead. There are more human and metal security guards here than in the king’s bed chamber.” She laughed with the teens then sneered. “Personally, I do not feel like babysitting a bunch of snot-nose punks, who wanna become a warrior in three days. So, do me a favor and disappear?”
“She really is a nice gal.” The tall blonde-haired teen female turned and smiled at the nose profile on Starra.
I turned with a smile and stared at the young teen. “On what day?”
“You have one hour or one hundred minutes to complete and pass your only academic test: set up the functioning app and perform the following command which is listed inside your bot assignment book.”
I exhaled with annoyance and said to the teen female, “This is a boring test. Why do I care?” I mumbled too much.
“Some of us take our selected job career very serious. I am doing my duty and serving my king.” She nodded with a smile.
I laughed out loud with a grin. “Who happens to be our king, this year? I forgot.” Some of the teens chuckled with Starra. The female teen frowned looking down at the machine.
Well, this was my sixth alien timeline here. I had been ruled by King Rex, King Bartholomew, President Rann, Prince Rann, King Dirk and again by Dirk.
“Dirk has been king for a long time. Where have you been living?” The nosy male teen displayed a petite body with a tone of pale skin, and a head of brown tinted hair strands, sitting on the opposite side of Starra sneered at the hairy bone skull on the alien.
“Great! I can’t seem to kill this guy.” I laughed out loud and stared down at the Bbot machine. “However, I might get really lucky within this timeline.” The male teen overheard her threatening words and sneered at Starra. I turned and laughed in his face, at his sneer. “I’m joking, darling. Ha! Ha! Ha!” I sighed with annoyance. He continued to snarl at Starra.
I snatched up the mini-bot on top of the machine’s skull, reading the new test, exhaling with annoyance. I looked up and stared at the silver tinted robot standing beside my elbow, which was deactivated while awaiting my highly skilled bot programming magic.
From the test examination, the two requirements were a time limit and the robot speak one line.
I like short word or no words or maybe just kisses from Rann.
A biomedical robot or its nicknamed Bbot was used in the healthcare field assessing the clinical condition on a sick or dying patient, providing a medical treatment protocols to the injured or dying citizen, not a dead one.
“Make it talk!” I reached out and flipped on the black switch powering up the machine. The comlen or monitor screen read: Functioning.
I asked. “What is the medical condition on me?”
“Your medical condition, at the moment, presents with a set of excellent vital signs and no injuries.” The training biological robot or Bbot droned in a tenor musical tone back to Starra. 
I snarled at the dumb machine, “Is that it?”
“The statement does not compute.” Bbot droned in a tenor musical tune.
“Well, it does not have a cold, calculating personality.” I smiled.
“The statement does not compute.”
“Bbot, change your tone, please.” I ordered.
“The statement does not compute.” The synthesized voice box changed from its alto tone down into a baritone musical sound.
“Change the tone.” I instructed.
“The statement does not compute.” Bbot tooted in a soprano musical tone. I sighed with frustration.
The same annoying female teen turned and stared at the nose profile on Starra, “You are not following the correct directions. You must type a string of words into the bot’s inners which will add or change its functional logic.” The kid provided good advice. I sighed with annoyance.
I did not bother to view the teen female or thank her for the idea, typing out my new message into the robot’s mainframe, before the time limit.
The female instructor said to each student, “The test is over. Close the service doors to your bots! Power down the units! Let’s see if you can get a red star from me.” She lifted her hand and wiggled an index finger in the air, slowly targeting her first victim, pointing her unpolished finger nail at Starra, “You.”
“Me!” I looked up and stared at the instructor.
“Yes, you have been selected to present your final test examination.”
I frowned. “I have a name.”
“I don’t care.” She waved both of her hands in the air then slapped the bronze colored metal wall, sliding to the side.
I continued to sit in annoyance then slowly stood upright from the metal chair, walking towards the front of the classroom. The training medical Bbot followed behind the back spine on Starra. I stopped then spun around, staring into the crowd of teens. Bbot halted and stopped in front of Starra, staring at the crowd of teens also. I did not view the machine but shouted out loud. “Bbot, what is my medical condition?”
“Your medical condition presents with a set of excellent vital signs and no injuries to your body. You will live with a nice touch of tender loving care.” Bbot droned in a musical soprano tone and as each student chuckled at the brilliant bot programming.
The instructor stood along the side wall and frowned at Starra, “So, you added the new line to the training Bbot: You will live with a nice touch of tender loving care.”
“Yes ma’am! I’m a clever sucker!” I smiled.
She did not smirk or smile but said with her un-emotions. “You are dying.”
I smiled at the instructor, “Bbot! I have the Sickness.”
“You will die. We are so sorry to see your go.” Bbot droned. My classmates sounded with loud laughter and numerous hand claps. I sighed with brilliance.
She still did not smirk or smile at Starra. “What about in-between?”
I pondered that stupid inquiry then smiled into her ugly face. “In-between the living and dying is Dirk.” My classmates erupted into an array of either hoots or boos. I sighed with very good.
“You receive a golden star for creativity. Why don’t you wander around the heated factory for a few minutes today?” She sneered at Starra.
I moved ahead with a smile and shook my curls, then stopped in front of the instructor, snatching up the golden star, pressing the sticky item down onto the pink tinted, satiny sash, then I spun around, walking back to my bronze-coated chair, sitting with a smile and enjoyed the rest of the show. I sighed with victory.


Space station Militia
Property of General Ivan
Cold dark outer space with minus 1000°F
11th hour (early afternoon)


After a delicious lunch meal on Tech World, the gang of teens flew off Bot World and landed down on Space Station Militia, which was owned by General Ivan and his family members. The group of mumbling teens met and greeted a new male instructor, following him through numerous empty metal tinted hallways then finally onto the tallest square shaped platform, on top of the space station. The twinkling stars and the colorful planets filled each glass wall and every ceiling pane. Each teen slid down into brown tinted single leather chair and stared at the walls or the ceiling, not the instructor.
He nodded with a smile and talked by moving both of his two arms in the air. “This academic class is called the zipper ship test. Every teenager graduate from Space Station Uni with a set of rudimentary flying skills over the ground, in the sky, and within outer space waves. I am your expert zipper instructor. I will be evaluating your flight with a modified zipper ship, which was given to me by King Dirk, as I am your expert zipper pilot instructor. As you can see here, each deadly and dangerous weapon is missing from the exterior compartment on every ship. The seat configuration is designed for one pilot and one passenger, which will become me. I will assign a colorful star to each one of you, based on your initial performance of outer space starship flying. Who will be my first failure today? Don’t be shy! This is not a quiz. If you fail, which you will, then you are not going to be sent to the hangman’s gallows. I promise. Who wants to be the first pilot to feel my wrath? Hmm!” He displayed a short, plump body frame, a balding front headline, a pair of hazel eyeballs, and a tone of olive tinted skin while grinning at each student. Each student turned with a gasp and faced the instructor in silence. No student offered to volunteer first for the outer space flight test, after his intimidating first person speech. I sighed with revenge.
I continued to sit in the soft leather chair and slowly scanned each inexperienced teenager while pondering if this guy really meant to intimidate a young citizen. I do believe he needs a life lesson coming from the master…naw…the mistress. I sighed with lesson.
“I will.” I lifted my arm and my fanny in the air, at the same time, slowly shuffling ahead with a smile towards the instructor. He pointed to the side wall, which was a single platform of solid concrete, where his modified zipper ship stood alone and lonely. I spun around and walked ahead feeling the invisible force field lift in the air, blowing back my long curls in the air. The rest of the exposed platform was covered in the same invisible force field. Else, I would die of outer space molecules.
I reached the pilot door and lifted the handle, back stepping from the hatch, before getting a bloody nose. I slid down in the leather seat and eye burned the familiar gears.
He slowly strutted ahead and entered the safety of the platform, racing around the front grill on the modified zipper ship, opening the passenger door. He scooted down onto the leather seat and wiggled side to side while chuckling with amusement, slamming the door shut. He pointed out each gadget and then finally said to Starra. “I have melted down the force field that had trapped the ship and us within the platform. Now, the button is there on your right to begin the flight test. Can you see it? Are you blind? Does your stomach ache? You can press the green button, if you are not afraid. Start the engine! If you dare to fail, Failure!” He laughed out loud with his mocking tone.
I gritted my teeth then softly said, “Yes sir.” I pressed the button as the three powerful zipper engines roared into life.
He gasped in shock then smiled at the nose profile on Starra. “Well, you are indeed a brave soul. Now, if you are not feeling too intimidated, then ease the control handle forward, just a tiny tad. The ship will lift up from the concrete platform by six inches, if you dare fail, Failure.” He laughed with amusement and pointed at the stars.
I looked up and smiled at the twinkling stars, “If you insist…”
“Yes, if you dare fail, Failure.”
“Away we go!” I jerked the joystick forward and flew off the platform, releasing the joystick, dropping the ship down through outer space waves. We dropped thirteen feet, when the warm engines accidentally stalled out from the lack of engine power. I sighed with pleasure.
Executing a Tele zap with my telekinesis, I had shut the button off, so the power would die. Then I performed a Tele flair with my telekinesis lifting dead ship up and flew through the outer space waves towards the Wall. He clutched his chest in panic. I sighed with satisfaction.
“Strap in, professor! This ride is going to get a little bumpy, for you.” I turned and laughed at his nose profile.
He continued to gasp in panic, without dying, and stared at the thick outer space debris coming from the Wall, shouting in terror. “No! O no! Not the…”
I flew towards the Wall then shifted the gears, flying the outer space ship backwards through outer space and away from wall, for my fun, while laughing out loud. I slowly whirled the ship in the correct direction and arrived back at the Militia station platform, landing on top of the solid surface. I cut off the engine and extended my palm underneath his runny nose holes. His shaky hand placed a golden tinted star on top of her palm, cuddling his hand back into his chest, staring into the twinkling stars. I exited the ship and took my assigned seat within the group of laughing teens.


I mentally flashed backwards in time, on Planet Earth, I recalled my Tele Training, at the Dall-Tex biosphere my home world. That was hard.

Then I mentally flashed backwards, within the first alien timeline, when I had been tested by Tele Mistress Lady Rosa within her deadly Tele training program which was held secretly her castle on Planet Bonita. That was harder. 


Then, I mentally flashed present, into the sixth alien timeline, I pasted the sticky golden tinted star onto my pink tinted, satiny sash, after accumulating three of these little things, which was not too hard. I sighed with accomplishment.

Alien Day 114


Planet Commerce
Land property of King Dirk
Auditorium setting
Partly cloudy sky and 69°F
8th hour (mid-morning)


I had rested well last night inside a real bed of clean linens at Space Station Militia with my classmates. After the breakfast meal, the gang of teens left the station and landed back down on brown tinted dirt of Planet Commerce. The group of teens took turns performing a fitness test against a row of male and female adult military soldiers. The last student finished and moved away from the fitness equipment.
I moved ahead, stopped and stood in front of the tall, muscular male military soldier, looking up at his smile.
He handed out a star to Starra with a grin, “You receive a red tinted star.”
“What’s this?” I frowned down at the red object.
“You receive a red tinted star for being bad at physical fitness.” The male officer continued to extend the star and laughed out loud with his friends and the other teens. I sighed with pain.
I stomped one heel boot and sneered at the instructor. “You did not test me properly. How do you know I deserve a red tinted star for a bad rating, in my fitness test?”
“Because you are both short and slim.” He smiled.
I gasped in shock, “That’s it! You based all of my fitness skills on the first impression of my looks.”
He winked. “If I had based your fitness skills on your looks, then I would have rated you dangerous.” He laughed with the other teens and the rest of the military officers.
“That’s not fair!” I placed both folded fists on my waistline.
“Next!” He looked up and viewed the next student…naw…soldier waving his hand at the teen, shouting over her hair roots.
“Wait! I want a real test.” I crossed both of my arms and stared at his chest as I was shorter compared to his tallness.
“All right, doll!” He handed the red star to his assistant then bent down with a smile while staring into the sour frown on Starra.
“My name is Starra.” I corrected his ill manners.
“Tell you what, doll! If you can throw me over the floor, then I will grade your performance with any star, but the color red.” He chuckled.
“How far?” I smirked. I sighed with secrets.
“How far!”
“How far do I toss your big…”
“Watch it, doll!” He sneered.
“…your large body over the floor planks. I need a standard to measure against, so I can receive a golden star.” I uncrossed my arms and nodded with a smile to the fool. The other citizens laughed out loud at Starra.
He stood upright and towered over a petite Starra, staring down at her gray tinted hair roots. “I will present a yellow star to you, if you can toss my body towards the display case of weapons on the side wall. Or I will give you a green star, if you can toss my body towards the opposite side wall above the noble skybox suites on the second floor. Or I will present a golden star, if you can toss my body towards the stage.”
My eyeballs followed his words then stared at the stage and as I smirked with delight. “Where Dirk sits?” I sighed with alien.
“Yeah, the stage where his Majesty’s royal butthole sits.” He grinned.
“I can do that.” I smiled at his face. I sighed with badness.
“Are you ready, doll?” He slowly back stepped from Starra with deep laughter along with the rest of the citizens, who stood inside the auditorium floor watching the petite teenage female.
“Yeah, I’m ready.” I bent my two kneecaps then leaped up from the floor at the tall male, who was taller and heavier than my body size and was an equal opponent for my secret talents.
I reached out and performed a Tele grab with my telekinesis, touching his arm, landing back down on the floor. I swiftly jerked his entire body off the floor, in the air, gently twirling my body in a circle, where his body horizontally flew parallel with the floor. Then I released his arm and performed a Tele grab, swiftly gliding his twirling body through the air waves. His friends followed the flying body and gasped in alarm. Under my Tele power, the flying soldier gently touched down on top of the floor tiles in front of the secret door, on the stage platform, sounding with a loud thump. I sighed with revenge.
“What!” The tall, muscular female military officer spun around from her unconscious, not injured supervisor, staring down at Starra.
“How did she?” Another tall and muscular male officer continued to stare at his unconscious but un-harmed supervisor, who rested on his back spine.
I continued to stand on the floor but did not hear any thunderous hand claps, within my normal eardrums. I did an excellent job pitching that ill-mannered male towards the front part of the auditorium room, slowly extending my arm, wiggling my fingers at the female soldier. I smiled, “My golden star, please.”
“Here, you go, Starra! You deserve a golden star for your awesome fitness skulls,” she nodded several times and gently placed the star on the open palm on Starra. I giggled with silliness and snatched up the star, pasting the sticky item down onto the chest sash. I sighed with satisfaction.


Space Station Bio location
Machine property of Marquis Tok
Cold dark outer space with minus 1000°F
11th hour (early afternoon)


After the lunch meal, my tummy was filled with satisfaction, burping out loud each one of the congested food sounds from my stomach during the long ship trip from Planet Commerce, shuffling off the ship’s ramp, walking over the hard metal floor into another metal room in solid white minerals. Each teen sat on a row of hard metal bench and stared at the newest instructor.
The instructor presented a white tinted laboratory coat over a blue tinted jumpsuit and a pair of yellow tinted ankle boots, displaying a cropped head of blue hair that covered her light brown hair roots, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a tone of pink tinted skin with an average body frame. She tossed both of her arms in the air and said with a happy demeanor to the group of graduates. “Welcome to First Aid Class! This is not really an academic class but a real test of your medical skills, in case, you or something you love becomes injured or harmed…”
I continued to sit and stared at the physician in silence. My awesome fourth T-power of telemetabolics or my personal healing touch can repair my injured body or another injured body, if I greatly desire to do that merciful act. I sighed with healing.
She whipped out a mini-bot and pointed down at the hand-held machine, smiling at each teen, “Since every new graduate has read then studied chapters one through twelve coming from the first aid manual, last night, I will be asking for a volunteer to come up and assist me with a few standard medical treatments along with the associated clinical protocol demonstrations on a row of life-like dummies which are all located on the short naked operating tables behind me,” she released the mini-bot that floated in the air, reaching down towards the pretend wounded patient, squeezing its dead fake arm and made it squeal much like a farm pig. The group of teens laughed out loud.
“It’s funny! I mean, it’s sick.” I continued to chuckle with the rest of the teens.
She turned and stared at the crowd of teen wearing a serious face and tone, “The mannequin is injured complaining of abdominal pain. What do you do?”
“Call a Bbot!” A male teen clapped with his cute answer and laughed out loud with the other teens.
“Wrong answer!” She frowned at the mischievous teenager then pointed to the first teen at the end of the hard bench, in the first row. “You, give me your answer to my posed medical question!”
“Uh!” The first student…naw…soldier was a male teen with a cropped head of red tinted curly hair, a tone of white tinted skin covered in golden freckles on a tall body frame, looking down at his mini-bot that floated near his left eyeball. The physician frowned and side stepped, pointing at the second teen on the same hard bench in silence.
“I don’t know.” The second teen frowned at the physician then jerked her floating mini-bot down from the air currents, into her face, tapping on the screen for the medical answer.
The physician side stepped and pointed to the third student…naw…soldier on the first row, “You.”
“Me!” I yelled out loud as I was the third kid…naw…teen in the first row. Thank goodness! I can provide the medical physician with the correct answer and finish this nasty test.
I slowly stood upright from the hard bench seat and rubbed the rear of my fanny, approaching the loud, obnoxiously squeaking fake injured, pretend wounded patient that rested on top of a real cold-feeling, steel-coated, naked examination table. I sighed with annoyance.
I quickly drew out my maser pistol from the side pocket on the cute circular skirt then pointed at the wounded patient, rapidly shooting at the chest cavity on the squealing mannequin. A set of low moans turned into a high-pitched musical chime and then the sound stopped. I slowly replace the maser pistol back down into the pocket and twirled away from the dead dummy, nodding to the physician without a teenly emotion. “Kill it!” My classmates sounded with an array of hoots, claps, cheers, whistles, and foot stomps for my entertaining answer. I sighed with beauty.
She frowned down at the burning materials on the medical mannequin then looked up at Starra, extending her hand with a star, sneering at the teenager. “I’ll give you a golden star, if you leave my classroom immediately.”
“Done!” I grinned and accepted my fifth golden star, exiting the First Aid classroom, giggling with delight, pasting the sticky metal onto my satiny, pink tinted sash, slowly moving down an empty hallway. I planned to spend the rest of the day in the bright sunshine, working on my fading suntan at the swimming pool in the hotel. My body collided into a wall of neatly ironed and nicely pressed blue tinted military solider uniform with a satiny, purple colored sash on each chest which was decorated with an array of tiny colored pins.
The head Militia officer of twins sneered down at the gray tinted hair roots on Starra, “You have been requested by King Dirk for an immediate audience, inside his private chamber, on Planet Commerce.” He spun around first then his twin, slowly padding down the same empty hallway.
“Really!” I looked up then laughed out at the back spine on each guard, slowly padded behind the two royal guards, without harming one or both. I sighed with trouble.
We exited the building into the docking bay, loading onto a new outer space carrier ship, flying off Space Station Bio, heading to Planet Commerce.

On the 12th hour, early afternoon, the carrier ship landed on the planet. We exited the ship and entered the purple tinted castle. I slowly walked behind the back spine on each royal guard without pondering my new trouble. The twin guards halted inside the outer room that led into the throne room of mixed purple and green hue, an ugly pattern of colors and textures. But that was beside point. I moved ahead without emotion or facial expression, slamming open one of the doors, staring at the king.
Dirk lounged inside a deep purple velveteen throne chair sitting beside a long wooden office desk near the side wall playing with a musical instrument then stopped, placing the instrument down on the floor. He slowly stood upright from the chair without a smile and approached the teenager, stopping in front of her body. I stared into his flat chest, since I stood five feet in height comparted to his six foot in statue.
He looked down and released a string of stinky sour molecules on top of her gray tinted hair roots, “I know, who you are. I know your strengths and your weaknesses. You can use your talents to aid me, if you choose that path. You are with me or you are against me. That is the only choice for you. You have three seconds to tell me your decision. Or I will stab my dagger straight into your heart.”
“I’m your girl, Sire.” I looked up and faked a smile while saving his life. I sighed with intrigue.
“Good answer, Starra!” He smiled.
“Good answer, Starra!” I whispered for my eardrums only.
He whirled around and as his purple tinted royal girly bathrobes twisted in the opposite direction, moving towards the side wall, where a comlen used to stand. He opened a pair of glass patio doors that viewed the eastern sky inside the new throne room and motioned with his hand to Starra.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I slowly strolled ahead with a soft sneer then stopped, standing beside Dirk, viewing a dying sunset, which was surrounded by a clear blue tinted sky, looking down at the gathered citizens on top of the ground surface. We stood on the sixth balcony surface among the potted dead, ugly yellow weeds. Below the balcony surface, an abused courtyard was filled with dead, ugly gray flowers and dying rows of short brown tinted thorny bushes within the dry brown tinted dirt among the royal castle grounds.
Dirk tossed both of his arms in the air and shouted out loud to the crowd, without the use of a comfone. “I have a royal announcement. I want to introduce the new commander of my warrior troops for the upcoming Civil War with the deceptive and devious and dangerous nobles and noblettes.” The math number of fourteen represented the total number of living and breathing citizens softly cheered and slowly clapped for the new kingly announcement.
On the balcony ledge, behind a short but thick wall of concrete in purple paint, where I did not fall off the balcony floor, but I continued to stand and sneered for my eardrums only. “War is here again!” I studied each citizen on the ground. Each warrior wears a faded sort bluish-colored ancient, abused military uniform with a faded sash in lavender hue. I performed a Tele view with my teleclairvoyance seeing an array of colorful tiny pins on some of the worn and patched sashes but no familiar face among the fourteen individuals.

Yeah, I can count, and my count is fourteen individual old persons.

Dirk dropped back down both of his hands slamming his girly bath robes back down in place from a stream of light breezy winds, staring down at the fourteen individuals. Each individual ceased clapping and stopped cheering, padding in different directions from the balcony proper, wandering back down the yellow tinted cobblestone street. He exhaled with annoyance then softly chuckled, twirling around from the balcony wall with his girly bath robes flying the air and moved back into the throne room, disappearing from the balcony proper.
I continued to stand on top of the balcony floor and danced side to side in fury. Dirk was planning something bad and his something bad included my person. I twirled around from the balcony wall and stomped ahead with a sour frown, entering the throne room, waving both of my arms and shouted out loud at the back spine on Dirk, “Well, are you going to clue me in on whom or who or what I am fighting with or against? Or do I just kill every person, place, or pet within my gray tinted eyesight for fun?” Dirk snorted then softly chuckled laughed. Yeah, I was a funny girl and should become a people entertainer, not a warrior commander. I sighed with nervousness.
He spun around with a smile to see Starra then slowly dropped down, lounging his lanky body down into the nicely purple tinted padded throne chair, in light tinted wood. I stopped and stood a few feet from his throne chair, crossing both of my arms, staring with a sour frown in silence at the king. He smiled. “I have missed your witty earthling jesting, Starra.”
I gasped in shock then uncrossed my two arms, slowly grinning at the Master of Information, saying with a sweet timber. “Exactly how long have I been gone from your metaphysical world, Dirk?”
He continued to grin at his nemesis. “Hmm! That is a very interesting query. Why have you asked me that particular question?”
I gasped in alarm then turned to face the side wall, searching for that pesky cockroach. “I… “
He quickly stood upright with softy laughter and scooted sideways, sitting down at the padded chair behind the single telescope, adjusting the dual controls. I stared at his back spine, saying with a sour frown. “What are you doing?”
He leaned down and peered through the eye piece, “I am spying on my enemies, of course.”
I gasped in shock then sweetly asked, “Can you really see your enemies with that thing?”
He continued to peer through the single eye piece. “This instrument is not an ordinary star-finding telescope which had been used by your kin and kind earthlings. The cylinder is hooked into an individual rotating outer space satellite which is located before and behind the Wall. The colorful images are a bit scratchy but clear enough to see all active moving citizens and colorful destroyed building structures. Do you care to view them, the destroyed building structures, of course?”
I frowned and nodded my curls several times, saying with a sour tone. “Yeah! I care to look at the white of their eyes, before I kill them dead, Tex.” I pranced ahead towards the single telescope.
He swiftly stood upright from the padded stool and scooted away from the telescope, spinning around with a smile and a nod to Starra, “That’s an amusing statement. I might borrow it some time for one of my royal speeches.”
“Be my guest!” I flopped down in the chair the leaned down, touching the gear, twisting the dial on the telescope for my acute eyesight, re-adjusting the eye piece on the screen. Dirk was accurate. The images were fuzzy. However, if I adjusted my single eyeball at just the right angle, then I viewed an array of scurrying tiny figures. I sighed with purpose.
“What do you see?” He stared at her back spine.
“I can make out a building, which is badly burned and mostly destroyed. The structure is indigo in color and the top five stories are gone but the middle section is still intact with three walls and there are some slight body movements. I can see hundreds of citizens ranging from little children to mature adults.” I sighed with interest.
“What else do you see?”
“Hmm! The surface dirt is docked with numerous grounded transport starships, which are unloading numerous supplies. I see food stuffs and weapons. Is this the headquarters building?” I twisted the telescope lenses for a better view of the destroy row of building, which was located on the dead planet, that was called Asteroid Resort. I sighed with intrigue.
“I am not certain. I receive such poor intelligence reports from my warriors. Thus, I am expecting you to help in that area, Commander.” He softly chuckled.
I continued to study the tiny people and property through the telescope eye piece and smiled with amusement, “You demand, too much, Dirk.” I was not going to cooperation as the commander of his commands. I sighed with laziness.
“I demand, a lot, Starra.” He frowned.
“Wait! I’m seeing more details on each face.” I refocused the single glass lens into a sharper image.
“That’s marvelous. Who are they?” He smirked.
I gasped in shock then released the telescope pole, standing upright from the padded stool, spinning around with a lady growl at Dirk. “I saw Prince Rann along with the other nobles including Ivan, Ty, and Tok.”
He chuckled with a head nod to Starra, slowly spinning around from her, moving back to his throne chair. “Now, you know my enemies. I do believe you will recognize the whites of their eyes, before you kill them dead, Tex,” Dirk chuckled again and twirled around with his flying girly bath robes in the air, slowly sitting down in the padded throne chair, staring at Starra. “Did I get it right there, little cowgirl?” he laughed.
I stomped ahead in fury as I completed understand now that I was fighting for the wrong side. I stopped then stood back in front of Dirk, saying disgusting angry, shaking my curls. “I simply do not understand, Dirk. Why can’t you leave them all alone and lonely? They reside on top of a blown apart, dead planet, that you don’t wanna control.”
“You are most mistaken, Starra. I want to control everything and everyone …”
“… only if you can defeat Rann.” I smiled. “And I doubt very seriously you can accomplish that task, alone and lonely, too.” I giggled with dangerous intentions. I sighed with murder.
“Yes, you are correct. I cannot do it, alone and lonely, if I recruit you and your help.”
I shook my curls and crossed my arms, frowning at Dirk, “I doubt that too. Anyhow, if by chance…”
“What is by chance?” He smiled.
“Okay. When Rann defeats you, which will not be by chance, but by skill, buddy. Knowing Rann, like I do, he does not want the Crow…or the Crown.” I chuckled at my lip slip.
“You are correct again. Rann does not want to become King of the Universe but he does want to control and protect his pretty world…girl.” He laughed at his lip slip also.
“What do you mean by that silly statement?” I frowned.
“That greedy statement is logical for any noble, including me. Rann owns Planet Sahara and Plante Agri, since the last Civil War. I run this side of the Wall.”
“I still don’t get you or your mindset, Dirk. Possession is nine-tenths of the law. Well, that happens to be an old earthling expression, which applies here within the unknown universe. Rann has the other side of the Wall. So, why don’t you become a greater ruler and leave them all alone and lonely, royal dude.” I nodded with a stern face.
He shook his long curls and frowned back to Starra. “I cannot do that. Food stuff is a readily available asset for everyone to consume.”
I gasped in alarm and nodded my curls, “Food! I see. I understand. Currs! This is about acquiring more and more and more currs.”
“The glittering rocks, which are mined from the Prison Planet, are melted down into smooth stones which are used in every machine piece of equipment from bots to zippers.”
I laughed, “Really! I didn’t know that. But you do and sound jealous, like a three-year-old kid without a cookie for dessert, King Dirk.”
“If you had attended Planet Uni as a true native of my universe, then you would have been taught as a child the economics of my galaxy, Earth cowgirl. The orange world yields all the free minerals with lots of free labor and very low overhead on the money books. Tech World purchases almost all of the smooth stones for each manufacturing product, at a very reasonable cost which is dictated by Rann.” He nodded.
“I didn’t know that these mineral transactions come directly from Rann.” I nodded.
“The Crown does not interfere or profit.”
“Rann gives an honest price as always.” I smiled.
“But trillions of stones are mined each year on Planet Sahara.”
I gasped in shock. “Rann must be worth billions.”
“Your assumption is correct, billions upon billions.” He smiled.
“O! So Rann makes …”
“… currs all the time.”
“Stop reading my mind, Dirk!” I growled then slapped a Tele -shield around my gray matter. I sighed with invasion.
“Then, set up your personal shield. You will find this universe contains more Tele warriors than normal from the previous timelines that you have graciously created, Earth cowgirl. I might add here. The numerous Tele warriors have been personally trained by Rann, who is performing at the top of his mental game, if I have used the ancient earthling expression correctly. Hence, the control of everything and everyone that I’m talking about. It is with Rann. Get this! He does not even realize his Tele potential.” He sneered.
“You do.”
“You do, as well.”
“Yes, I do, as well.” I smiled.
“Thus, we have to stop him.” Dirk ordered.
I gasped in shock, “Stop him! Stop you! I still am confused here, dork.”
“Rann is coming to kill me and take control of my crown. If Rann finds out about you, then he will kill you also.” He confessed.
I shook my curls and crossed both of my arms, smiling with amusement, “Nonsense! Rann is not aware of my person.”
“Rann is not aware of warrior Starra but of a known catalyst myth.” He tattles.
I gasped in alarm and slapped my chest, nodding with worry, “I am the catalyst. How am I the catalyst, here, once again? Because, I keep forgetting for some unknown reason.”
He shook his red tinted curls and smirked at Starra. “Rosa gave you the Book a long time ago for reading and studying and learning, in which you did not do, unlike me. The catalyst is something or someone, in this case, that perturbs and disturbs all of the natural events within my universe.”
I gasped in shock, “Stang! That really is me. And why aren’t you trying to kill the catalyst, within the newest timeline, king?”
“Rumors,” he smiled.
“What kind of stupid answer is that?”
“Rann, he thinks that I am hiding the known catalyst and wants to find it, then kill it first.” He laughed.
I frowned. “And you are hiding the known catalyst and wanna kill me first.”
He lifted up his index finger with a smile and jabbed the digit at Starra, “Ah! But Rann does not know how to find you.”
I shook my curls and stomped on shoe sole, “You are using me, instead of killing me.”
“You are correct again. Of course, within the new timeline, you are more valuable to me alive rather than dead.” He laughed.
“And if I decide to fight against you?” I smiled.
He leaned back and laughed out loud, slapping his chest, nodding to Starra. “That would be a wrong choice, girlfriend! At this moment, I am your only true friend. Rann is your only true enemy. Now, you are my war commander. Go and collect an array of body weapons first. Second, go back to the Bonita manor, which is your new home, until I call then command something for you to command, Earth cowgirl.”
I continued to stand and snarled at my new boss, slowly back stepping from Dirk, staring at his wicked grin then swirled around to the closed door, exiting the throne room, the royal castle, arriving back at my new home, the messy, dirty Bonita castle while planning an alternative plot saving my life that excluded Dirk. I sighed with surprise.

On the 17th hour, within the late evening with twinkling stars and bright moonlight rays, inside Dirk’s castle, I slowly waltzed and hummed a familiar rock and rock musical song into the throne room without stopping, staring at his back spine, “Did you ring?” I exhibited my wrinkled blue tinted military uniform with the pink sash tied around my fit waist minus all the dangerous weapons. However, I did collect the weapons but each one was too heavy and clashed with my cute sash.
“Are you making a point or a fashion statement, Starra?” Dirk stood in front of the glass patio door observing the dying world of Commerce.
I stopped then swirled around, sitting down in the padded throne chair, crossing my legs, staring at the entrance wall. “Both! What’s your problem, kingly dude?”
“We are losing the war.” He frowned through the glass at his ugly world.
I exhaled with annoyance then rolled both of my eyeballs, returning back, staring at pretty purple tinted wall without numerous royal pictures of dead people, “How’s that my problem? That’s not my problem. That’s your problem,” I softly sniggered.
“It is your problem, if you wanna to live and see the sunrise tomorrow morning.” He sneered then smiled at the glass pane. “I have selected your first target with you as the commander of my warriors leading a surprise raid on Resort, at a warehouse food depot.”
I exhaled with annoyance again and talked to the entrance wall. “Really! Do you really desire that I blow up their food stores? Is that it? How about we just poison them with cyanide perfume fumes instead? Then, I can stay home, read my adventure book and lay by swimming pool sunbathing my skin to a golden brown, tomorrow afternoon.” I smiled at the entrance wall.
“I am really enjoying your Earth humor again.” He smiled at the glass door.
“Well, there ain’t no Commerce humor available.” I laughed.
He nodded to the glass door, “We attack tonight.”
“Tonight!” I swiftly stood upright from the throne chair and spun around, staring at his back spine. “It is nighttime for bedtime.”
He whirled around and nodded to Starra, “The plan is ready.” Dirk released a mini-bot from his hands that floated through the air waves, flying towards Starra.
“What plan is ready?” I caught the mini-bot with both of my hands then looked down at the new attack plans. “I thought I was in charge.”
“You are and you will lead the ground troops per my order for a nighttime attack, tonight.”
“Fine!” I looked up and frowned at Dirk, spinning around from him, advancing to the entrance wall.
“What did you say, Commander?” He smiled at her back spine.
“Yes, Sire.” I yelled out loud with a sour tone then exited the throne room for my new nighttime attack.
“No prisoners, Commander!” Dirk yelled with laughter.
My two regular eardrums clearly heard that harsh command and as my body was fighting on the wrong team, within the sixth alien timeline, pondering if I could migrate to the other planet. I sighed with treason.


Asteroid Resort location
Property of no living citizen
Food Depot building setting
Moon light with parted clouds and 56°F
18th hour (late evening)


I took my sweet-tea time gathering his warriors and his weapons from Planet Commerce inside the docking bay while finally loading all the objects inside one beaten up freighter starship, staring at an angry crew of taller and stronger males and females than my body frame. I sighed with annoyance.
The single rusty freighter transport, not a warship dropped down from the stars then landed on the wet dirt, pushing out each warrior following their military leader Commander Starra, on top of a dead planet Resort, near the ocean waves. The dead planet from numerous bomb attacks without the radiation residue was slowly coming back to life. The mammals had not returned, but small pods of fresh fruit and pretty wildflower plants were spouting up from the sandy ground at knee-high level. Rann had established his settlement near the ocean waters, where the bright sunrays warmed both the plants and the people, occupying the damaged, not destroyed buildings. The rest of the planet was comprised of greenish tinted waters and grayish tinted land masses, where the burnt landscape was healing and trying to thrive. Rann had both used and abused asteroid Resort during the previous alien timelines, for some reason. I really didn’t have time or didn’t care to find out Rann’s purpose, only marry the man and live the rest of my days happily here or there or anywhere within the unknown galaxy.
Leaving the grounded ship ramp first, walking into the nighttime humid air currents, staring up at the pretty stars, I knew the secret location of the target based on the instructions in the mini-bot and hiked one mile to a food grocery store without purchasing one single item then stopped, staring at Dirk’s rejects…naw…snarfs.

You try and figure that word out.

Each one of the snarfs dropped down falling on top of each other and their hand gun over the white tinted sand grains, slowly crawling on the ground towards the target building. Captain Warrior was a tall, muscular young adult leading the other snarfs while whispering through the helmet comfone to each warrior. “Plant each bomb near the…”
I could hear within my two Tele-eardrums the soft whispers then shouted into the shared comfone, without the helmet, “Wait!” I studied the damaged but occupied building.
“For what?” Captain Warrior continued to crawl over the sand grains and sounded back with a growl at his commander.
I smiled at the building. “You are to wait on my order, Captain Warrior. I’m the commander leader right here and right now.” I performed a Tele probe with my telepathy without crawling over the sands, standing on top of the sands, executing a Tele scan inside the building walls, in the far distance. I could see shelves and stacks of dry and wet fresh food items, dangerous weapons, ratty but clean uniforms, numerous medical supplies, good bot equipment, a few mini-bots, broken furniture pieces, a few office desks, and human personnel. “Stang!” I whispered for my eardrums. No prisoners, the two words were shouted out loud by an angry king going into my two eardrums, before I left his throne room. So, I am going to interpret his stupid kingly statement that no body or bodies are captured by the team while each body continues to breath in fresh air currents.
I ordered into the comfone, “Plant the bombs on the southeastern and northwestern wall corners on the damaged structure.”
“We have more explosives which can cover all four geographical locations, commander.” One of the male eager-to-kill military soldiers whispered inside his comfone back to his supervisors.
I frowned. “Well, I like that idea. However, there are working citizens in the front of the building.”
“Workers! How many workers?” Captain Warrior continued to crawl over the sands.
“Six.” I answered and continued to stand while watching Captain Warrior.
“How does she know that?” A female military solider whispered into the comfone.
“Beats me! We don’t have modern radar for that type of scan.” A second male soldier continued to crawl over the sands heading towards the target building.
“We should invade the facility then kill them all.” Captain Warrior growled into the comfone since he was monster, like his king. I sighed with punishment.
“Finish planting the bombs and wait for my command, Captain! Do I make myself clear?” I sneered with bodily harm to the snarf.
“Yes sir!” He continued to crawl over the sands and headed to one of the selected geographical walls by Starra.
I continued to stand and exhaled with annoyance, starting to run over the sands at an angle from the ammunition team in the darkness of the moonlight. I hoped that Rann didn’t have a scouting team. Else I would become identified and then captured. Dirk would become angry.
A second female on the team turned to see the ghostly figure over the sands. “Where is she going?”
“I don’t know, but Starra better be going to eliminate these live and breathing six food workers, before the building explodes and one of them escapes and tattles to Rann. Or it is else for her!” Captain warrior continued to crawl and laughed out loud. I sighed with trouble.
I heard that nasty statement. Thus, I might be eliminating an officer or two within my own army, before this mission ends. I disappeared behind the large semi-tilted building out of sight from the team members then stopped at the front entrance of the structure, using my telepathy, hearing a set of laughter from each worker, inside the front room. Then I connected, linked and Tele talked to each food employee: Hungry! Food! Go!
Inside the front room, a male voice yelled out loud, “Hey, boys and girls! I’m hunger. Dinner and drinks on me tonight!” He led his five workers towards the closed front door while more laughter of humor and left the food warehouse building, making lots of noises consisting of low booms and loud bangs. The set of workers entered three different air ships, safely leaving the area, without harm or injury.
I continued to watch and monitor the delicate situation, whispering for my eardrums only, “No bodies.” I sniggered with delight then spun around, performing a Tele dash using my telekinesis down the same dark building wall, into the open sands, racing through the moonlight back towards my original position a few feet from the grounded carrier ship. I stood and shouted into the comfone to each team member, who was slowly crawling like a row of worms back towards the carrier ship and safe from the upcoming explosion. “Do it, too it!” Someone hit the button on the device. The tall, semi-tilted damaged building exploded into an array of rainbow colors consisting of yellow, pink, green, orange, red, and blue hue creating a grand display of pretty fireworks, for both King Dirk and Prince Rann. I sighed with accomplishment.


19th hour (too late in the evening)
Dirk’s castle location
Clear sky without moon light rays and 55°F
Throne room setting


The freighter ship quickly lifted off the dead planet without a chase from Rann’s fighter ships, if Rann even possessed a fleet of fighter ships for the Civil War. I was still confused about the war thing. The starship landed back down on Planet Commerce in the parking lot for every naked eyeball to see. However, I did understand the populous of people didn’t care about the king, only the fun parties, which were hosted by Prince Rann.
After parking the ship in the parking lot, I didn’t bother leading the team members but excused each one for home, moving last off the metal transport, marching into the royal castle without waving to the scattered line of royal rejects.
I entered the outer room in purple hue. No other king got around to repainting the walls or replacing the furniture pieces. I swiftly moved into the throne room, wearing a sour frown, without killing Dirk too.
Dirk was standing in the middle of the floor and waved both of his arms in the air, nodding with a smile to his commander. “Good job, Starra!” Dirk knew that Starra really wanted to grab his waving hand then slam his bone skull against the tile floor.
I stopped then stood a few feet from Dirk sneering at his smile, waving both of his arms, “You are not welcome.”
He dropped both of his arms down over the girly bath robes while chuckling with amusement, “Do I sense a little bitterness coming from my first officer?”
“Please!” I hissed like a Sahara snake with girly drama. “You’re blackmailing me. I have no choice but to destroy things for you.”
“The next target is…”
“… a school...” I quickly performed a Tele probe on his open mind and gasped in shock shaking my curls, crossing both of my arms. “No! I am not hitting an elementary school building. Forget it, bud…blossom!”
“You are my officer. I am king and the leader of the War. You will follow my kingly orders, Starra.” He sneered and whistled next, calling the floating mini-bot over to his cheekbone.
“Stang!” I shouted out loud in angry. I liked using that word, when I was miffed with Dirk or Rann or Rita. However, I did not rightly know the exact academic definition, but I had a very good clue.
“Earth cowgirls shouldn’t use that word.” He frowned. “The current season is a summer break for the little academic schoolers. The school students and robots are not located inside that school building, only plenty of empty student desks and numerous reading books.”
“I happen to enjoy reading.” I frowned.
“That’s a good virtue! But do that on your own time, when you’re not leading my troops into the war battle.” Dirk pointed at the open archway nodding with a stern face. “Now, it is time for you to go back home and rest for the next mission. I’ll contact you when the plans are ready. Good night, commander.” He smiled at Starra.
I spun around from Dirk gritting my teeth, leaving the throne room, the royal castle, walking back to his borrowed manor before I did something terrible to the king. I sighed with murder.

Alien Day 115


Asteroid Resort location
Empty school building setting
Dark clouds and 65°F
   heavy sheets of raindrops at 82% precipitation
6th hour (early morning)


My outer space fleet of rusty, silver tinted zipper ships followed my lead zipper ship towards the target, an ancient and abandoned old school building. I flew upwards and glided over a tall structure, performing a Tele scan on the flat dirt, seeing numerous pieces of colorful playground equipment and two school hallway wings.
“The place is abandoned.” One of the zipper pilots commented into his comfone and stared down at the ground.
“Where are we landing our fighters ships, commander?” Captain of the Troops flew beside Starra and commented through his comfone.
“We’re not.” I continued to fly ahead and started to circle the target sight.
“This is not a ground surface attack, Starra.” He sneered.
“This is an air raid attack. Set maser beams and target the courtyard of playground equipment.” I ordered.
“Starra, you are not following the Dirk’s orders.” He continued to sneer through the comfone.
“I am following my orders.”
“I’m obeying our leader.” A female pilot commented into her comfone.
“Follow me down, boys and girls.” I rapidly dove down towards an ugly and overgrown weedy courtyard, reaching over, punching the button and released an array of yellow tinted maser rays onto the equipment. A bonfire of red and yellow sparks started then engulfed the metal starting a fire over the dried yellow and green grass blades. I pulled up the nose on the zipper ship and flew above the drop zone in the dark night sky hovering 1,000 feet from the school building while waiting and watching for my team of fly boys and girls to take a turn with the aim, fire, and hit sequence, since the school compound was massive in size.
A pilot cannot miss hitting the wing, the tower, the patio, or an empty lot performing negligible damage on the building and the grounds, since each attack fighter zipper will run out of maser ammunition, before the massive structure descends then completely burns into the weeds.
I pondered my nasty daydream before teasing Dirk and hovered in the nighttime skyline, “Good job, team! Let’s go home to nasty evil King Dick.” I laughed into the comfone speaker.
“Commander!” Captain growled into his comfone speaker at the team leader.
I rolled my two eyeballs and stared back into the windshield, laughing into the comfone speaker, “I know. I know. You’re going to tattle-tail on me. So be it! I’ll be a good sport and let you go ahead of the line, Captain.” I sighed with amusement.
The other warriors softly sniggered into their comfone speaker into each air of listening eardrums. I snorted with delight.


7th hour, (early morning)
Planet Commerce
Dirk’s castle location
Throne room setting
Cool air temperatures of 61°F
    with a red and yellow sunrise


Starra moved into the throne room first, stopped, then stood in front of Dirk. He stood in the middle of the room with the natural rays of sunshine slamming into his back spine producing a red tinted halo effect over his body, like the devil-man, saying with a smile to Starra. “Report!”
Captain Warrior chased after the back spine on Starra wearing a sneer then entered the throne room, stopped, standing beside the petite military officer. He huffed out loud, “Starra changed your orders into an air strike, not a ground attack.”
“She did, did she? That vital information is noted, Captain! You are dismissed!” Dirk nodded with a stern face. Captain Warrior nodded, in silence, to his king then spun around, exiting the room and the castle for his home. I continued to stand and rolled my two eyeballs then stared back at Dirk in silence. Dirk frowned. “Starra…”
“Another dead target, I do believe! I think you are being fooled. Or maybe, you are the fool. Take your pick!” I laughed.
“Rann, he is doing this to me.  I can adapt to any difficult situation, but you will obey my direct orders. I am relying on you to win the war.” He 
“You expect too much, from me, Dick.” I chuckled again.
“Do you enjoy your deep sleep, Starra?” He smirked with revenge.
I hissed at the fool then spun around to face the open archway, shouting out loud. “Good night, Dick!”
“I notice you never call me by my royal title.” He frowned at her back spine.
I swung around and face Dirk. “O! You just noticed that action. Is it a problem, Dick?” I completed the circle and faced the open archway again, laughing out loud.
“Maybe!”
“Well, it’s not a problem for me. Nighty-night, Dick!” I left his eyesight expressing a tone of evil laughter.

Alien Day 116


Dirk’s castle
Sunny sky without clouds and 77°F
6th hour (early morning)


“What am I doing today, Dirk?” I stood and stared through the patio glass door, viewing the pretty day of bright warm sunshine, seeing the flock of flying birds while wishing for a vacation day. I sighed with fun.
“We are touring today, Starra.” Dirk smiled at his commander.
Actually, I really do not care to know, and prefer to work my job on a need-to-know basis. I sighed with duty. Dirk continued to grin at Starra then side stepped towards the ugly green and purple tinted side wall made of solid concrete, tapping at a particular section on the wall. A hidden door slid open and revealed a dark space holding a concrete staircase. He nodded to Starra then spun around, moving inside the hidden passage, climbing the dark steps.
I exhaled with annoyance, stomped ahead then moved ahead, following the back spine on Dirk. I knew our final destination location. This staircase led up to the tenth-floor platform, where a rusty carrier ship stood, alone and lonely, waiting for its master. A set of bright sunrays blinded my two eyeballs through the open archway announcing another beautiful day on Planet Commerce. I shaded my two eyeballs and watched Dirk. He slid down into the pilot seat on the rusty carrier ship igniting the cold engine. I moseyed away from the running transport and moved ahead entering my personal zipper ship that I had found parked on the second floor of my borrowed noble mansion, a gift from my boyfriend Rann, during one of the numerous alien timelines, which magically still existed and still operated. It was knowing that Dirk could damage everything I owned, only more life force. I entered the cockpit and started the cold engines waiting on the king.
Dirk lifted his carrier ship first from the tower platform then flew in the air, soaring into outer space heading towards the Wall. The king led a short fleet of pleasure, not fighter starships, including one rusty freighter ship, three beaten up passenger ships, two rusty carriers, and six zippers and then my shiny zipper ship. I was last in the line, as usual. I sighed with new job.


Space Station Bio
Cold dark outer space with minus 1000°F
7th hour (early morning)


Painfully floating in outer space waves, on the opposite side of the Wall and beside the royal carrier ship with pilot Dirk, I continued to yawn with boredom then huffed with annoyance while watching each transport fly through a large opening within the Wall gate then slowly emerged on the other side, gathering into a semi-crooked line of pleasure ships, not fighter ships. Once each starship passed through the Wall, Dirk glided his ship in a half-circle and then flew ahead to his final target, Space Station Bio. The royal fleet of pleasure ships flew ahead then halting slowly orbiting the man-made metal station of eighty-four stories like a set of tiny flies. Each large or small starship could easily have parked inside the massive empty docking bay, if Marquis Tok had allowed the nice visitation. But Tok didn’t. So, Dirk’s fleet stayed in outer space waves and watched no action. However, Dirk, Starra, and Captain Warrior were invited by Tok onto the cold, metal station for an inspection tour. They landed a ship on top of the metal landing bay then exited the ship, following behind the king.
The Space Station was made of solid metal in bronze hue with tiny sparkles of red colors that easily covered any dripping red tinted blood proteins. I forgot to mention that each citizen possesses red colored blood, like me.
Dirk led his two team members from the ship bay down a wide bronze colored hallway with matching metal walls and an open archway every five feet. This area was clearly the emergency center on the medical station. He continued to stroll ahead and smiled at the back spine on each silver tinted biological robot or Bbot then stated back to his two warriors. “We are here today to visit each the war patient and their poor sad families.”
“What’s he doing again?” I continued to pad beside the tall, muscular captain and surveyed each open archway, seeing a clean, empty hospital room.
“He is on tour.” Captain Warrior waddled beside a petite Starra turning to spy into each empty hospital room also.
“Are there wounded patients located within this wing of the hospital from the war?” I asked with confusion.
“No,” he answers mysteriously.
I frowned. “What does that word no mean? Are we not going to the hospital wing? Or are there not any wounded war patients at the hospital complex?”
“So far, this war has produced no wounded, no causalities, and no fatalities.” Captain Warrior stated with mystery.
“I don’t get it.” I frowned and continued to view into each empty hospital room.
“That’s why you’re here to produce dead people, Starra.” Dirk said with soft chuckle and continued to follow behind the two Bbots, touring an empty wing without patient on Space Station Bio.
I turned and frowned at nose profile on the captain. The captain turned and smiled at Starra, nodding with evil laughter. I stopped with a gasp without running into the flowing purple tinted girly bath robes on King Dirk, turning to see a row of military guards that patrolled and protected the station. I sighed with intrigue.
Dirk stopped also and stared at the same row of guards. Each guard was dressed in a neatly ironed and nicely pressed blue tinted military uniform with a golden colored satiny sash of numerous tiny colorful pins over the chest. Dirk reached out with a friendly smile and extended his hand with a friendly gesture. The middle guard was the leader of the row and did not shake Dirk’s hand but pointed his finger back at the landing bay entranceway wearing a sour frown, in silence.
I gasped in alarm and studied each guard, who wore the same sour facial expression and the same golden sash. However, the noble theme color for Space Station Bio were dark blue, not golden hue. I sighed with puzzlement.
Inside the empty hallway, Dirk dropped his hand and nodded in silence, spinning around from the row of guards, moving ahead and collided into Starra and the captain, parting the two people, swiftly walking ahead in defeat.
I gasped in alarm and sneered at the row of guards. I didn’t understand the vile treatment of the king of the universe, but I was going to find out that missing information later today, after I had returned to the royal castle. The captain quickly spun around and followed the hemline robe on Dirk, protecting the king. I didn’t twirl around without adding another sneer to the row of smirking guards, slowly walking backwards while growling at the row of rude military guards, moving back into the docking bag. Dirk and the captain were inside their ships. I spun around and dashed ahead, entering my zipper ship, flying off Space Station Bio, without fanfare, soaring back into the twinkling starts towards a new target, Space Station Uni. I sighed with confusion.


Space Station Uni
Cold dark outer space with minus 1000°F
8th hour (early morning)


The school for every child starting at the age of four years old until graduating at eighteen years old was located inside a man-made, metal outer space metal ball, which was known as Space Station Uni. The original world planet of Uni had been blasted out of life, not existence and was slowly growing back featuring an array of small animals and massive volumes of lush green tinted forests. 
The fleet of pleasure dropped down from outer space waves following Dirk, landing down in the enclosed docking bay, without exiting the ship. However, a row of silver tinted glittering Gbots or guard bots stood between the parked semi-crooked row of pleasure ships and the open hallway entranceway. Dirk ordered Starra from her zipper ship, where they followed the row of Gbots from the docking bag, down a dull-looking silver tinted metal hallway that held numerous open archways. I paced three steps behind Dirk and six paces behind the row of glittering Gbots.

You don’t mess around with an armed Gbot!

I turned and spied on each open archway, seeing a room of laughing child. Each child wore a blue tinted military uniform with a satin sash around the tunic jacket. Dirk continued to move ahead behind the row of Gbots and linked, connected, then Tele talked to Starra: Go and wait inside the comlen room, Starra!
I received his mental order then exhaled with annoyance, “Whatever!” I whispered for my eardrums only then followed a floating Gbot into the side door. The door closed automatically. I moved inside a real dark tinted room that was filled with numerous ghostly comfones with loud volumes of noise coming from each comlen which was hidden inside each classroom of learning students. Plus, an assortment of smaller working bots paddled around the room cleaning the monitors. I stopped a few feet from the forward wall of screens then turned, surveying two additional walls of bright monitors that displayed each interior wall on every classroom while seeking for trouble or harm. My eyeballs darted to the movement.
King Dirk entered a classroom filled with fourth graders, who were nine years old. Each kid was dressed in a wrinkled blue tinted uniform with a gold colored dirty sash around the waistline. Some of the bolder males shouldered the sash across their chest. I sigh with curiosity.
Inside the control, Gbot stood and face the rear wall of ghostly monitor, droning in baritone timber to the human guest, “Incoming.”
“Incoming! What does that term mean? Do you mean a fleet of fighter ships are incoming here into the station? Are we under attack, Gbot?” I spun around and whipped out my maser pistol from my leg hostler, aiming at the center of the wall, facing the entrance wall. I sighed with readiness.
“The school is not under attack. A ram ship is landing down inside the docking bay.” Gbot continued to float in the air and watched each screen monitor on the rear wall while droning in a tenor musical tone back to Starra.
“O! Okay!” I continued to stand with worry, since the machine did know its job. “Who is it?” I asked.
“Prince Rann.” Gbot stated.
I gasped in shock then worry, watching the monitor. The silver tinted glittering ram ship landed creating a plume of white tinted steam that temporarily covered the docking bag. Then a single figure emerged and revealed Rann, wearing his traditional uniform, a white tinted vest without a shirt, a matching pair of trousers, a pair of shiny black tinted knee boots, and a black tinted sash across his chest with an assortment of colorful pins. He strutted ahead while nodding to each dock workers, entering the same hallway.
I developed an eye twitch and a lip tick. “Rann is here and visiting the school like Dirk. But isn’t Rann the enemy of Dirk?”
“You are correct. Prince Rann is the enemy of King Dirk, but not on the set of weekdays, only the two-day weekend.” Gbot stated.
I shook my curls with worry then spun around, viewing the classroom monitor with Dirk. “That’s does not make any sense to my neurons, Gbot.” I stared at the comlen looking for trouble, for action, and for a fight, since Rann would kick Dirk’s fanny in a heartbeat, if Rann entered the same classroom. I sighed with bloodshed.
In the classroom of 32 students, Dirk stood on the side wall in front of a ghostly electronic drawing board, viewing the nose profiles on each student. The robot teacher turned then acknowledged the flesh and blood king, stating to her class. “Welcome King Dirk!” Out of 32 students, one-sixteenth of the students stood upright from the student desk wearing a purple tinted sash, bowing at a fit waist in respect to King Dirk then stood upright.
Dirk faked a smile, “Thank you, kiddie…kind patrons. Always remember to do a good job here at school and be a good student for the teachers, your parents, and your king.” Each standing kid sat down in silence.
Rann entered the same classroom with a smile, stopped, and stood on the forward wall in front a larger ghostly electronic drawing board and away from Dirk. The remaining seated students swiftly stood upright from their assigned desk, producing loud volumes of cheers, claps, whistles, and foot stomps shouting out loud Rann’s name. I sighed with shock.
The robot teacher turned and droned in machine timber at the prince. “Welcome Prince Rann.”
Inside the control room, I turned and frowned at the side profile on the machine. “We are at war, aren’t we?” I sighed with befuddlement.
“Affirmative.” Gbot spun around and monitored the front wall.
Inside the classroom, Rann nodded with a smile to each student. “Thank you, citizen! Always listen to the advice of the king and be a good student, make good grades, and learn plenty of new stuff, so you can grow up to become a good citizen within the universe.” The excited kids continued to stand and started clapping and cheering again.
Dirk scooted sideways then slid through the open archway, leaving the classroom, moving down the same metal hallway. He linked, connected, then Tele talked to Starra: Departing in five minutes.
“Yeah, I thought so!” I scooted from the control room and dashed down the same metal hallway, before Dirk, reaching my zipper ship.
Dirk arrived with a sour frown then entered his carrier ship, without issuing his royal order, blasting off from the docking bay on Space Station Uni with his fleet of pleasure ships.


Planet Agri location
Property of Ambassador Ty
Parted clouds, windy at 82°F
12th (early afternoon)


The fleet of pleasure ships continued to waste fuel through the outer space waves and their useless time landing down in the open field on Planet Agri, without exiting their ship. I landed my zipper ship near a crop of white cotton bolls then killed the engine, lifting the clear cockpit hatch, standing upright on top of the cockpit seat. Using my Tele powers, I viewed the gathering of Business Associates on top of the unplowed soil, wearing a green colored jumper with a dirty golden tinted sash. Dirk slowly marched...naw…stumbled across the unplowed field in his girly bath robes towards the gang of Business Associates. The pale blue tinted skyline was busy with numerous starships dropping down, flying off the planet while delivering the fresh shipments of food stuffs.
I patiently waited and watched for the upcoming bloody fight, from a good distance, involving Dirk, because he could fight his own battles here Planet Agri, since the nasty gang of Business Associates did not visitors on their native planet.
A figure strolled over the red tinted soil as the group of Business Associates sounded with an assortment of cheers, claps, and whistles. I gasped in shock. I could not believe my two eardrums. King Dirk was loved here on Planet Agri by the nasty gang of Business Associates. I sighed with heart attack.
I stretched upright on top of my tippy toes peeking over the clear canopy hatch with a smile and viewed the back spine on the lonely figure, seeing Rann move across the dirt first then along came a taller, lanky Dirk second. The loud noise from the group of Business Associates fell silent. Dirk stopped and faked a smile, tossing both of his arms in the air, shouting out loud to the natives, “Citizens greetings! I have come for my weekly visit to the Food Planet. I want to express my appreciation for all your hard work and your personal dedication to our universe. Thank you and have a good day.” He dropped both of his arms and slammed the girly bath robes and as a single pair of hands clapped for Dirk then ceased.
On top of my pilot seat, I danced and laughed out loud starting to clap for a pitiful Dirk, turning to see my new environment and heard the group of croaking frogs and the pouting fishes. I sniggered with delight then ceased clapping, watching Dirk. He slowly tumbled over the unplowed soil dragging his purple tinted girly robes over the rough surface, reentering his carrier ship. I continued to view the new situation down in the soil. Rann stepped forward next then disappeared into the crowd of farmers, shaking hands, slamming back spines, and kissing tiny babies as the group of Business Associates clapped and cheered in louder volumes for the prince. I sighed with happiness.
Dirk finally settled back down into his ship then blasted off the dirt surface. His pleasure fleet of ship slowly lifted off one at time into the clear sky. I slid in the seat and used my Tele powers, executing a Tele grab on the cockpit hatch shutting down the glass hood. I could not breath in all the outer space waves and then live to tell that false tale. Then I performed a Tele lift from the ground and a Tele flight through the atmosphere reaching for the twinkling stars, which I didn’t touch. I restarted the cold engines on my zipper ship as I did not know the next planetary destination. Dirk was not a fun guy right now and did not like sharing information, only leading his ugly fleet of pleasure ships through outer space waves.


Planet Tech location
Property of Viscountess Rita
Blue clear sky without clouds at 86°F
10th (mid- morning)


I flew last in the fleet of pleasure ships then landed down on the next planet, which was part of the King’s Tour. I hovered my zipper inside an extremely wide and long docking watching my turn to land down inside the atmospheric dry dock of Tech World, because the land, the sky, the water, the air, and the clouds are polluted with toxins and poisons coming from all the manufacturing factories that produce bots to zipper ships. So, the land and the sky are unfit for man or mammal. Rita is the only living flesh and blood human that lives on the poisonous planet as the Viscountess, after marrying the short, dead viscount, which occurred sometime between the previous alien timelines, where and when I somehow magically disappear. I sighed with confusion.
Inside the docking bag of silver tint, I slowly parked down on top of the vertical bar that rose up from the metal floor, gently balancing on top of the stem, hearing the clamps ping tight then lock, securing my zipper ship. I crawl out of the zipper hatch then stand on top of a very clean metal floor hearing and smelling the refreshed and recirculated air molecules inside a vertical-shaped clear docking tube on top of a circular platform viewing the brown tinted dirty clouds, gray tinted skyline, and plumes of yellow tinted factory smoke. I sighed with ugliness.
I was the only pilot exiting my ship and moved ahead towards the back spine on the king. Dirk was leading and headed towards a single elevator door in silver metal. I had to rush ahead to catch the elevator carriage before I was left behind, racing into the carriage, slamming into the rear wall for fun and laughed out loud. Dirk stood on the side wall then turned, sneering at the back spine on a silly Starra. I continued to kill the metal wall which was better than viewing an ugly Dirk. The elevator door closed shut. The carriage descended the next metal surface, since Dirk was going to do something here.
The door slid open. I spun away from the wall and faced a long metal hallway, without glass windows and human personnel. I was not surprised. I had learned that all the Tech technicians worked from home, which was located on another planet, not here on Tech World. Alien technology is awesome. I wondered if I could steal then use that alien technology and figure out a pathway back home to Planet Earth within the Milky Way Galaxy. I sighed with homesickness.
I moved ahead and followed the back spine on Dirk. Dirk followed a single silver tinted service robot or Sbot, which represented our welcoming committee and our touring guide. The solo bot floated up then down then side to side while happily moving down the iron ore corridor while humming a musical tune: Row, Row, Row Your Boat. 
Sbot halted in the middle of the hallway and pointed its wiry limb at the glass window. Dirk didn’t move but I scooted sideways, almost slamming my nose bridge into the cold glass, viewing the array of cool-looking starship. Each ship possessed a unique aerodynamic line with numerous elegant exterior weapons around a very strange design. I sighed with killing.
I pointed at ach ship and smiled with glee. “Can…can I fly one back to Commerce, Dirk?”
Dirk scooted sideways then stood beside Starra, frowning down at the array of ships.” The ships do not belong to us.”
“O! So, who has purchased them?” I frowned.
“The Prince of Sahara, these are his fleet of flying vessels for the war.” Sbot floated sideways then stood beside Dirk.
Dirk pointed beyond the rows of slick starship and focused on a single row of ugly refurbished and refitted and modified zipper and carrier ships. “You are welcome to fly one of these back to my palace.”
“Naw! Forget it!” I laughed out loud then spun away from the window using my telepathy, mentally thinking within my mind: This was the end of the ship tour. I slowly padded back down the iron ore corridor, which was colored in dark tones from dark grey, bright yellow, deep purple and rusty red, moving back to my ship.
He spun around and stared at the back spine on Starra, “What’s so funny?”
“A joke.” I shouted back to Dirk.
“What joke?”
“The one on you.” I laughed out loud and entered the open door on an empty elevator carriage without spinning away from the rear wall of smooth, cold metal. Inside the empty hallway, King Dirk slowly padded ahead with a set of loud sneers. The elevator door closed set as I laughed out loud again.


Dirk’s royal castle location
Clear skies without clouds and 81°F
11th hour (early afternoon)
Throne room setting


Dirk and his fleet of pleasure ships flew off Tech World then landed back down on Planet Commerce around the rich, flattened dirt soil surrounding the royal castle, killing the yard plants and wildflowers. I parked my zipper ship on the tenth platform deck in the sky then exited my transport, rushing ahead into the open archway, catching up with Dirk. I decided it was wiser to keep my private thoughts secret after wrapping up the numerous visits on the different planets consisting of Uni, Bio, Agri, and Tech, until I was alone with Dirk and away from his army of Rejects.
Dirk led down the secret tower semi-dark staircase padding back down each step into the throne room, slapping the button, opening the door. He entered the throne room setting and moved ahead to his throne chair.
I stepped from the semi-dark tunnel and emerged into the bright natural sunlight that bombarded the room, blinking my two eyelashes and adjusted my two eyeballs then stopped a few feet from Dirk. I parked both of my folded hands on each hip. “What in the universe is going on here, Dirk? Rann is at the elementary school with you. Rann is purchasing the latest state-of-the-art warships. The Business Associates do not acknowledge your presence much less your status as king of the universe. We are at war, aren’t we?” I sighed with confusion.
“Affirmative!” He spun around then slowly sat down in the padded throne chair, smiling at Starra.
“Who is winning the war exactly?”
“It is a tie.”
I frowned, “A tie! The war is tied. Are we going to punt for the two extra points for the field goal, in order to win this invisible war?” The entrance door opened and revealed a line of service bots. Each Sbot started setting up the lunch meal.
He wiggled sideways within the chair then softly chuckled. “Maybe!”
I exhaled with frustration, “Talk to me, Dirk! Who, what, why, when, and where?”
He pointed the empty chair at the lunch table then a full plate of food for Starra slowly standing upright from his throne chair, moving ahead towards the lunch table, “Who? You know the answer to the question.”
“Rann.” I spun around from Dirk and moved ahead towards the same lunch table, seeing the same two full plates of food.
He arrived at the table first sliding down into first empty chair, facing the entrance wall, looking down at the steaming meal, “What for? I wanna possession all of the planets, the nobles, the commoners, and the currs, of course.” Dirk ate the food and looked up staring down at her gray tinted hair roots.
I slid down and looked down at the delicious plate of food, without seeing Dirk, huffing out my response, “Yeah, you day-dream of financial, economic, and social gains.” I ate the food chewing up at the Dirk.
He swallowed the food and smiled with chewed particles of colorful food items in-between his front teeth, “Why? I wanna control of the universe.” The king ate the food.
I swallowed the lump of chewed food then cleaned my dirty mouth, staring at Dirk, “Rann has never wanted to rule. You know that too.” I ate the food then chewed staring at the king.
He swallowed the food and stared at Starra, presenting more dirty front teeth, “He does now. Something, you didn’t know.” Dirk chuckled first then ate the food items next.
I swallowed the chewed food and wiped off my dirty mouth, starting at Dirk, “Rann wants to rule…”
“…everyone, especially, you and me…”
“Me!” I gasped in shock then coughed out loud from the spicy ingredients in the lunch meal, “Naw! Rann does not know that I exist here within the unknown universe. Does your universe have a name?” I ate the food and stared at Dirk.
He swallowed the food and smiled with dirty teeth at Starra. “And I plan to keep that secret for a very long time. You are my secret weapon, my hidden gem…”
I choked on my chewed foot items then cleared my throat. “Hey! Let’s not discuss me anymore!” I sighed with anonymity.
“When? The war is fought on Festival Day. The party starts on Jubilation Day, a two-day weekend event. The next two days, on the standard three work week, are reserved for the work and production schedules.” He nodded then at the food, chewing with good manners, staring at Starra.
“Pardon me!” I continued to sit with confusion, without eating.
“We have a universe to run. Everyone goes to work, school, job, and perform their native duties on the first two days of the work week.” He ate the food then chewed.
I frowned. “So, a standard week is five days that matches the tenth hour clock. The first three days are work days. The last two days are fun days starting the weekend without work. However, the current war is only fought on the last work day, which is always Festival Day and not on any of the fun weekend days. I got it.” I looked down and ate the food chewing at Dirk.
He swallowed the food then smiled with more dirty teeth, “Where? The only planet under attacked is damaged Planet Resort on the last day of the work week.” He continued to eat.
I swallowed the food then frowned at the brown tinted hair roots on Dirk. “The damaged Planet Resort houses citizens, guests, staff members, nobles, and soldiers.”
He swallowed the food. “The citizens, guests, staff members, nobles, and soldiers live in certain locations and then party in other locations on the weekend as dictated by Rann.” Dirk continued to eat.
“What about Planet Sahara?”
He swallowed the food and shook his curls, “Planet Sahara is off limits.” Dirk continued to eat.
I frowned, “How is the entire planet off limits? A fleet of starships can fly there and then fight the prisoner miners.”
He swallowed the food then frowned. “Hmm! I do believe that Rann will get really mad.” Dirk continued to eat.
“So, it’s not a fair fight. How are you going to win the war, Dirk? It seems or sounds or tastes like you…”
“…we…”
I dropped the fork hearing a loud clank on the stone plate and jabbed my nicely polished fingernail in bright neon orange hue at Dirk, “You are losing the war!”
He swallowed the food then grinned with a mouth of dirty teeth, “Not any more, I have you.” Dirk continued to eat.
I slapped my chest and gasped in alarm, “Me!”
He swallowed the food and pointed his empty fork prongs at Starra. “You are going to win the war, for me, Starra.” Dirk continued to eat.
I sneered with bodily threat on Dirk, “And if I refuse to participate in your war plans!”
He swallowed the food and pointed his dirty knife blade, whipping it around the air current targeting Starra. “You do enjoy your deep sleep, don’t you, Starra?”
I lifted both of my palms in the air and sneered at Dirk, “Stang! Do not ever threaten me, again, Dirk!” I dropped both of my palms hitting the table using my Tele power of telekinesis, slightly rocking the metal furniture piece.
Dirk laughed out and lifted both of his palms that contained eating utensils, staring down the shaking table, then looked up and smiled at Starra. “This war is a War of Votes rather than bullets.” He continued to eat and watched Starra for fun.
I stopped the childish prank as the table settled back into place in silence. I exhaled with annoyance and frowned with curiosity at Dirk, “Votes! What votes? Who votes?”
He swallowed the food then smiled at Starra. “The populous of the universe decides who wins with votes, not bullets.” Dirk continued to eat.
“The population here within the unknown universe decides, who is winning the war. You mean, to say, this is a popularity contest with the population. This is not freaking high school, Dirk.” I continued to sit and sneered at the king with his silly concept of war. I sighed with voting. 
He swallowed the food the smiled at Starra. “No! But we live within a very populated universe.” Dirk chuckled then looked down, eating the food.
I nod with understanding. “So, your starship tour is a measure of your popularity within the universe.”
He swallowed the food then nodded with a grin to her. “You’re a smart alien, Starra! The consensus of the citizens starts with those little nine-year-old, snot-nosed monsters there at the elementary school building then continues within each sharp mind and every generous heart from each commoner and finally every royal noble. Everyone has a vote.” Dirk continued to eat.
I leaned back in the chair in wonderment and stared at the far purple tinted wall without decorations. “This has got to be the most mixed up civil war that I have ever fought within the history of the unknown universe.”
He swallowed the food and nodded his curls. “This is a war, never the less.” Dirk continued to eat.
My eyeballs darted back to Dirk and as I grinned with satisfaction within my mind, heart, and soul, “You don’t seem be the most popular noble in the universe.”
He swallowed the food then laughed out loud, staring at Starra, “No! I am not the reigning king of the war. But I have you.” He leaned down and reached out with one of his pale fingers trying to touch her arm.
I jerked my hand from the table down into my lap and sneered at Dirk. “How am I going to change the war, with a smile and a tiara?”
He laughed out loud at her clever joke. “That’s Plan B.”
I sneered, “I do not see Plan A or Plan B, Dirk!”
“You will see more in due time.” He smiled with chewed food particles in-between his front teeth.
“Tell me right here and right now! Or I promise here. I will not play with you, within your popularity game either.” I leaned over and growled into his face.
“Our amusing conversation has ended for the day. You are dismissed, Commander!” Dirk flicked his wrist bone holding the sharp dinner knife and looked down at the plate of food. Two six feet tall, silver tinted floating Gbots invaded the throne room and stopped a few feet from the lunch table. I dumped the dirty napkin down into the half-eaten food plate and slowly rose from the table, spinning around from Dirk, leaving his throne room and returned home to my borrowed Bonita mansion. I sighed with frustration.


15th hour (early evening)
Dirk’s castle property
Bright starry night with 55°F


I had been escorted back home by the two Gbots that steered the royal air ship, dropping my lazy body near the broken front porch planks at the borrowed castle which belonged to lazy and greedy King Dirk, the only true Bonitian within the universe. I pranced inside and stripped off my clothes then started to sunbath on the second balcony level, burning a golden shine into my skin tissue. Then I was contacted through telepathy by Dirk and ordered to appear in front of the king with clothes, of course. I obeyed and arrived in my borrowed air ship from the borrowed castle, since I did not own anything here but my wrinkled yet cleaned blue tinted military uniform.
Today I decided to leave the pink sash with the five golden stars at home.
“The Tour of Planets!” I announced walking through the open archway into the familiar royal throne room of ugly purple and green hue, stopping a few feet from his stationary tallness, staring at his chest.
“The Tour of Planets.” Dirk stood in the middle of the room and typed words onto the mini-bot with his fingernails, without seeing Starra.
“Have you ever thought of a theme for your kingly visitations?” I smiled.
“Shut up, Starra!” He continued to type on the mini-bot.
“It was just a suggestion.” I giggled with silliness.
He looked up and pitched the mini-bot in the air, tossing the item to Starra with new order, “You’re leading the raid.”
I caught the item and looked down at the geographical location on another planet, “Don’t I always!”
He smiled at the gray tinted hair roots on Starra. “The target is a hospital which is empty of both patients and staff, only hospital beds.”
I finished the analysis of the location then looked up, frowning at Dirk, “There could be one or two fun social parties near the hospital locate on damaged asteroid Resort. There could some citizens in attendance….”
“Do you think? What a delight!” He clapped and smiled then sneered at her. “You have your orders, Commander.” Dirk pointed towards the archway with a sour frown.
I obeyed and spun around from Dirk leaving his sight, preparing to attack an empty hospital building on damaged planet Resort.
I first had to find then collect each one of Dirk’s rejects. I really hate using that ugly word, but it sticks like glue. Once I had found each one of Dirk’s rejects, then I had to find each zipper or carrier outer space starship, before traveling to the targeted site. Then I had to find the bomb room, which was located outside the castle, inside an outhouse, that really smelled of smoke and tar. Once inside the outhouse, I found one bomb unit filled with true dynamite power. Then I had to create more bombs, which were filled with powdery dust in pretty colors and piles of tiny paper dots in fun and funny adventurous colors, that created no harm to man or mammal. Once I had finished a new set of black tinted bombs for the hospital building containing a delightful surprise, then each one of Dirk’s reject had to grab one, mount the bomb onto the belly and then load into their individual starship.
Finally, the fleet of rusty, pleasure outer space starships left the dirt soil on Planet Commerce with one bomb following behind Commander Starra, heading towards asteroid Resort for the new war target.

On the 16th hour of mid-evening, with a quarter moon of dull light, at 58°F, I flew through outer space then spotted the planet, dropping down from outer space, targeting the hospital building. I had used my Tele powers ensuring no other life forms around or inside the damaged structure. I dropped my bomb first hitting the flat rooftop tiles on the hospital building. A loud bang occurred first. Then a big plume of red, blue, orange smoke appeared next spilling numerous colored dots over the tiles. Each starship dove down and released their individual bomb, compliments of Starra.
One starship held the true bomb that was released and then caused minor damage on one of the exterior side walls on the hospital structure. The minor damage created a fire and enflamed all the paper dots on top of the hospital building developing into an array of flaming fireworks among the dark skyline ranging from bright blues to crimson reds compared to the row of damaged black and indigo colored hotels in the background down the block.
The fleet of pleasure starships fled the fiery scene like scattered dots of thieves in the night heading to Commerce. I sighed with waste.

On the 17th hour of mid evening, back on Planet Commerce, I parked on the dirt soil then slapped each raised hand from every starship pilot with the pretend victory winning something for Dirk. I think. I was still really confused about the war and the war rules. However, each pilot was happy and celebrated on the ugly dirt, killing more of the pretty pods of colorful wildflowers, the yellow tinted weeds, and the tiny patches of healthy green tinted grass blades. Each one continued to dance and sing in a huge huddle while I was required to visit with Dirk.
I moved into the royal castle and arrived inside the familiar throne room setting, stopping a few feet from Dirk, wearing a real smile of deception, in which, he could not find through my Tele shield.
“Report!” Dirk stood in the middle of his throne room setting and stared at Starra.
“Done!” I smiled.
“Prisoners?”
“None.”
“Survivors?”
“Everyone!” I tossed both of my arms into the air and laughed out loud, twirling in a completed circle seeing an unhappy Dirk.
He sneered. “You’re supposed to kill people.”
I dropped both of my hands and slammed my naked legs, grinning with the true facts, “There were no people to kill. I don’t know, where you get your intelligent report, but the data is wrong. I’d try to blackmail a better spy, Dirk.” I giggled with girly silliness.
“I have confidence in both my intelligent reports and my intelligent resources.” He tossed a new mini-bot into the air towards Starra. “This is the new target.”
“What!” I shouted with annoyance and did not catch the object.
He reached out with one hand and performed a Tele grab in the air currents, snatching up the falling mini-bot, which was had hit the floor then cracked its metal head, unlike Dirk. He nodded with a smile. “This is an active and operating seaport next to the airfield.”
I frowned. “What is the purpose of this attack, Dirk?” I sighed with doom.
“To make a historical point…”
“There are two other seaside ports on the other side of the ocean with no activity and very little security than your planned war target. Can you see the red and green spots?” I had quickly scanned the mini-bot in his hand, using my telepathy. I pointed at the mini-bot indicating a new war target which was safer for the other citizens and my body. I sighed with healthy.
“You are correct. I am impressed.” He looked down with a smile while learning the depth of scope of her innate Tele powers, verifying her information on the mini-bot.
I continued to sit but wiggled sideways tossing both of my arms in the air, shouting at Dirk. “There is a slight, not zero chance I could become captured or worsest, for you, killed.”
He looked up after verifying her accurate information from her Tele powers and smiled at the talented Tele Mistress Starra, “I doubt it with your remarkable talents, Commander. That’s why you’re the commander of my troops and I am the king of the universe.” He laughed out loud then smiled. “You work for me! Do you remember that, Starra?” He chuckled again.
I dropped both of my hands slapping each leg, frowning at him, “What’s the point again? I’m very, very, very, very confused here.”
He tossed the mini-bot back into the air waves towards Starra and sneered at the defiant Earth teen, “I am the ruler of the universe. I will target any item and destroy it.” Dirk spun away from Starra and headed back towards the telescope in the corner wall, where he could see the action using the machine plus his Tele powers.
I caught the mini-bot and cuddled into my chest, frowning at his back spine, “Now, I’m beginning to understand my role here within the new universe.” I sighed with enlightenment.
“You will not be flying zippers but sea ships.” He slid down onto the short stool and leaned down adjusting the eyepiece.
“I hate water.” I grumbled with annoyance then spun away from Dirk, padding ahead towards the open archway while pondering this crazy, insane, mixed up civil war. Dirk is trying to kill all the citizens while Rann is entertaining all the citizens and I’m stuck in the middle of the citizens. I sighed with destruction.

Alien Day 117


Dirk’s castle property.
Bright twilight stars and 50°F, before dawn
Throne room setting


I was slumbering peacefully while tongue drooling over my parted lips, dreaming of my handsome man Rann, when I was invaded, within the mind, with a Tele order by Dirk. I dressed in my dirty, smelly, wrinkled military uniform, which was the only piece of clothing I owned within the sixth alien timeline.
I arrived at the castle and slowly stumbled into the familiar throne room, stopping in front of the familiar male. I yawned with an ugly mouth opening then whined with a girly tone, “Can’t we kill during working hours? I really need my beauty sleep. I would prefer killing between the hours of eight and nine in the morning that’ll give me time for swimming and washing my hair…”
“Shut up, Starra!” Dirk sneered.
“You don’t have to be rude.” I rubbed the sleepy crumbs from each eyeball.
“You’re quite annoying.”
“Only when I want to be.” I dropped both of my hands, after cleaning out the set of sleepy crumbs. Each sleepy crumb dropped down from my eye socket then landed on top of the clean room. That sounds so gross and unsanitary. I sighed with glee.
“I have selected a new war target.” He tossed the mini-bot into the air towards Starra.
The mini-bot sailed through the air. I lifted my hand and performed a Tele grab on the flying machine, stopping the motion, holding the item in the air waves, shouting at Dirk. “Can’t you tell me about it later this morning?”
“My war attack is now.” He smiled.
I continued to stand and held the mini-bot in the air current, “May I point out! The time is two in the morning. May I point out! I am very tired, and my brain cells are still not functioning.”
“And…”
I gasped in alarm then looked down at the floor, scanning my sleepy brain cells, returning back to Dirk and sneered in worry, “I must point out. Today is Jubilation Day, the first day of the work week...”
“…and…”
I continued to stand and held the mini-bot in the air currents, sneering at Dirk, jabbing my fingernail at him. “You are breaking the rules of battlefield engagement which was set between you and Rann on the war. Rann is not going to be the only citizen angry with your stupid royal decrees at three in the freaking morning, Dirk.” I sighed with doom.
“You don’t say.” He smiled and crossed both of his arms and as his silky robes danced over his tallness.
I continued to stand, held the mini-bot in the air, and jabbing my fingernail at Dirk while growling with worry. “Once you breach that gentleman’s agreement, there will be more no rules, no regulations, and no controls for Rann. Rann will become freed to kill you, which I hope he succeeds.” I signed with hope.
“Don’t be so wishful, Starra! I am king.” He softly chuckled.
“How did you become the king within this new timeline, Dirk? I really wanna know.”
He slapped his chest and nodded with a smile to Starra. “Ah! I have not succeeded with my past strategies, until now.”
I laughed, “O that! You’re incompetent.”
He touched his chest and nodded with a grin. “Exactly! I am incompetent, but you are not, Starra.”
I gasped in shock and released my Tele hold. The mini-bot soared down towards the carpet. Dirk reached out and performed a Tele grab, snatching up the mini-bot, tossing the item at Starra.
I gasped in alarm and quickly curved both of my hands, catching the mini-bot, cuddling the object into my chest. Dirk was playing the political stooge, where I was the deadly pawn, within this stupid war game, since I had been very successfully with each one of his current war targets, not Dirk. I was the leader of the army, the commander of the royal troops, not Dirk. Now, I was the enemy of Rann, not Dirk.
“My new war target, before daylight, is the Bot Control station. Do you know what a Bot Control station looks like, Starra?” He smiled and pointed at the mini-bot in her chest.
I frowned and nodded with a sour tone, “Yeah, a Bot Control station is another name for a communication rely station. So, you don’t want them talking to each other about their favorite home-baked chocolate cookie recipes. Fine! Give me a comfone.” I extended my free hand towards Dirk and laughed out loud.
He sneered. “You don’t understand, Starra. I want everything eliminated within Bot Control. The entire life support systems consisting of communications, engineering, maintenance, water, air ventilation, and life support.”
“Stang!” I whispered for my two eardrums only. I sighed with deadly mission.
He pointed at the mini-bot. “The Bot Control generators are located at the main Bot facility which is deep within enemy territory.” I sighed with doom.
“What other rejects are on my assault team?” I looked down and studied the mini-bot information.
“You.”
“Who else?”
“You and you.” He smiled at her gray tinted hair roots.
I returned back to Dirk and exhaled with annoyance, “I’m too tired to play your reindeer games, Dirk. Explain the plan!”
He jabbed his fingernail at Starra with a grin, “You are flying solo. Solo means one pilot inside your fancy zipper. The zipper ship carries sheath capability.”
I gasped in shock, “O! It does.” I need to read the operations manual real fast, one day. “Wonder if, I make a mistake and then get caught?”
“You want.”
I looked down and studied the mini-bot screen then viewed Dirk. “I am your secret weapon. You are exposing me for a not very good reason, on a very dangerous mission.” I was trying not to bomb one of Rann’s secret hiding places while protecting my precious hind. I sighed with disappointment.
“Defeating the enemy is always a good reason and always dangerous.” He smiled and crossed his two arms.
“You know, very well, what I’m talking about. Rann does not know that I exist.”
“He will now.”
“Now, he will! What does that mean, Dirk?” I sneered.
“Fly in and fly out, like magic! Do you understand, cowgirl?” He growled.
“I understand. All I wanna know is why?”
“Why? Rann needs to know that I am winning the war. I am in control. I can destroy him at any time, on any place.” He laughed out loud.
I frowned. “First, you’re a mad man. Second, you are personally declaring a real war on everyone, including me.”
“Why? For your individual acts of officer insubordination and girly defiance, so this is your final commander’s test, to me, Starra. You are ordered to blow the generators. Or you will suffer my wrath. I promise that,” he sneered.
I spun away from Dirk and padded towards the open archway, shouting back to the king. “I know my role within the war, Dirk,” I exited the throne room for my zipper ship on the tenth level.

At few minutes later, I flew off Planet Commerce flying through the outer space waves, the Wall, and finally viewed the damaged planet of Resort, dropping down from blackness of outer space into the rolling stream of wet, cool white tinted clouds with a temperature indicator of 56°F, before sunrise.
I flew solo inside my fancy state-of-the-art zipper ship punching each cloud puff like it was Dirk’s ugly face. I leaned over and viewed the land terrain below my flying ship. The damaged Resort landscape consisting of a blasted off mountain peak, darken tower buildings, flatten forest woodlands, and calm oceans, without sea mammals. Each citizen occupied a brightly lighted damaged building, where each rooftop was trimmed with rolls of blinking lights in pretty neon colors of blue, green, and orange honoring one of many Rann’s hot social parties.
I smiled and leaned down, adjusting the comfone dial, picking up a cool tune of jazzy music through the drifting radio waves, dancing inside my pilot seat. I could hear more the party sounds from some of the buildings, on a dead planet, in the middle of a civil war, a little bit from dawn. I desperately desired to work for Rann, not Dirk. I sighed with disappointment.
I flew higher through the rolling clouds and leveled off above the stratosphere while avoiding each comfone and comlen in sheath mode. Then I cut off my machine engine and soared down in free fall within a straight line, using my Tele power of telekinesis, heading down towards one the mechanical generators while scrutinizing the delicate bot systems. I sighed with dread.
I did not want to blow the entire mechanical unit into pieces of metal melting trash balls, since each occupied but slightly damaged building, with party citizens, would be without a water supply, a set of lighted electricity, and streams of cool circulated air during their fun party with fun Rann.
Within the gigantic metal unit that stood twenty feet in the air ways, rows of tiny blinking red circuits represented the functions for communications, maintenance, engineering, water, sewer, solar, and solar batteries. A solar battery did not contain an electricity circuit. So, if I blew out each solar battery, then each building would not become disabled, only temporarily off-line, until each burnt solar battery was repaired by the group of Rbots. And I would not be disobeying Dirk’s nasty command as I did not like playing the bad gal here, but I did enjoy sleeping deeply and securely, with both of my two eyelashes closed shut.
The ventilation air control system was located within a separate container, which was not connected to the main unit, due to bot improvement. So, I could use a burst wave and then shear off each rubber cap from its circuit device, since it did not matter what color maser I had selected. There would a terrible fireball on each electrical cable, where each steel bolt liked to heat fast and then burn faster. I found the other solution! I sighed with genius.
Inside the cockpit, flying, without the engine, using my telekinesis talent, steering towards the gigantic Bot Control Station, I shot out a single blue tinted maser ray with deadly accuracy, using my telekinesis, tearing a small hole in the exterior metal door, hitting the top tier of caps. Each cap was programmed to contain then stop a fire within the Bot Control Station. Else, there would be power problems each minute of a Commerce day. Only the top-level floor on each occupied slightly damaged building would be affected, losing the air conditioning streams, not the main service areas, such like, the kitchen of food preparation or the lavatories of water for shitting. And the gigantic dance hall of entertainment for the dancing waltz would become too hot and heated for that lucky girl’s final dance with Rann. I sighed with mischievousness.
Inside the cockpit, I executed a Tele tap on the emergency button creating numerous loud alarms inside each occupied building of social party citizens. I smiled and whispered for my eardrums only, “Help is on the way, Rann!” I performed a Tele shove with my telekinesis pushing my ship from ground level into the sky atmosphere, hitting the outer space waves, heading to home…naw…to Dirk. I sighed with fury.
I looked down through the side window seeing spots of light but overall darkness on each occupied, slightly damaged party building, whispering for my eardrums only, “You were saved by an angel, Rann.” I smiled then performed a Tele thrust propelling my ship faster than normal using all my Tele powers. I sighed with happiness.

A few minutes later, I spotted Planet Commerce then landed back down on the tenth level, my permanent home for my zipper ship. I crawled out the cockpit then dashed down the secret staircase, entering the throne room, stopping a few feet from Dirk. I smiled with a good heart and a good conscience. Dirk was not a great Tele Master, only a good one. He could not visually see or vocally hear through the massive air currents or outer space waves any of my physical as I used my Tele powers with a Tele bubble around my mind and my body. He was blinded to my exact procedures that led to final outcome, which he greatly desired.
“Report!” Dirk stood a few feet from the ugly throne chair and stared at Starra.
“Done!”
“Explain!”
I exhaled with annoyance and buzzed my lips, slowly waltzing to the throne desk, tapping on the comfone, adjusting the volume to the highest setting. The speaker box spoke to Dirk. “Fires! Emergency situation, Building Two! No air! No water! No power!” The comfone screamed out loud coming from a set of different timbers of voices overlaying the stress and distress. I reached out and flipped off the desk comfone, slamming my hand back onto my dirty leg, smiling at Dirk. I sighed with deception.
“Well done!” he clapped with a smile.
I frowned. “I will be taking a couple of vacation days from my solo war assignment. So, don’t call me!” I spun away from the desk top and Dirk, moving ahead towards the open archway.
“I’m very pleased with your mission.” He stopped clapping and smiled at her back spine, wiggling his finger, switching back on the comfone devise and listened to the distress voices coming from each one of Rann’s invited guests.
“I’ll call you.” I exited the throne room and moved into the outer room.
“Is that more of your witty Earth humor?” He smiled.
“That’s an old Earth expression.” I moved into the busy hallway returning home. I sighed with annoyance.

Two days later….


Alien Day 119


Planet Commerce location
Cool temperatures and bright sunlight
6th hour (sun rise)


I had enjoyed my two days of peace, quiet, and harmony at my borrowed home, without seeing Dirk. But that all changed during the early morning sunshine, on the sixth hour, when I was connected, linked, and then Tele talked by Dirk through our shared minds while ordering my person awaken. I had arrived on the seventh hour at the royal castle, for a new work day.
I slept almost until the seventh hour then leaped up from my messy bed mattress wearing the same wrinkled dirty military uniform, performing a Tele dash from my borrowed castle then executed a Tele jump from the dry dirt, through the air waves, and landed down in the cockpit of my zipper ship on the tenth level floor balcony of the royal castle. I sighed with brilliance.
Then I wiggled around the leather seat and performed a tiny hand wave move at Dirk. He exited the secret staircase then entered his royal carrier ship, blasting off first. I sighed with revenge.
Yeah, I had to follow him and the plume of white stream, of course.


Space Station Uni location
Cold dark outer space minus 1000°F
7th hour (mid-morning)


Dirk led through the quiet outer space waves then landed inside the interior docking bay of metal Space Station Uni first, parking his transport on the side wall without other vehicles. I parked my zipper ship beside his then opened the cockpit hatch, jumping down from the pilot’s seat, slowly padding beside Dirk. We entered the same metal hallway of silver tinted metal. The hallway was empty without citizens or robots. I scanned each wall, the floor, the ceiling, and then Dirk, looking at his chest level, since I was too short to see his snarl. I chuckled with amusement, “What! No body guards today.”
He continued to slowly pad ahead with a grand smile, “I do not need them. I have you. We’re going on a royal tour today. But I am only going to visit Space Station Uni, not perform the whole Tour of the Planets exhibition.” Dirk used Starra’s cleverly created term. I sighed with pride.
“We just did that thing last week.” I frowned. “Why only Uni today?”
“Only the kids, the little monsters are really a true measure of my success.”
I tossed both of my arms in the air then halted beside the open archway of the control room. “I know. I know. I know. Go and watch inside the comlen room again.” I turned and faced the dark room filled with brightly lit comfones, comlens, and robots, slowly entering the darkness. Dirk laughed out loud and slowly moved ahead, entering the same fourth grade classroom from last week. I rushed into one of the empty chairs and sat down, watching the monitor inside the fourth-grade classroom, gasping in shock and awe.
Each elementary student wore a neatly ironed and nicely pressed blue tinted tiny military uniform with a purple tinted sash either located around the childish waistline or chest. Prince Rann stood in front of the classroom viewing a nasty scene with a loud, noisy, obnoxious gang of wild children, who continued to yell, scream, cry and boo.
Dirk appeared inside the archway. Then the group of kids ceased the loud commotion, sitting down, staring at Dirk.
Inside the comfone room, I continued to sit and gasped in alarm and awe, without words.
Back inside the classroom, Rann turned and nodded in silence to Dirk.
The robot school teacher turned a wiry arm and a metal head waving her limb at Dirk. “Welcome, King Dirk.” Almost, not each child stood upright from their school desk and loudly waved, cheered, whistled, foot stomped, and clapped for Dirk. Dirk was wearing his girly robes in chartreuse hue with a purple tinted chest sash around his flat chest. Rann continued to stand appearing stoic, calm and serene like a true gentleman on the unknown universe with a fake smile.
Inside the comfone room, I performed a quick Tele probe with telepathy on Rann. He was highly tense and greatly anxious inside his mental mind.
Back inside the classroom, Dirk did not move from the open archway but continued to brightly grin at the cheering kids, waving one hand in the air. The unruly children stopped the noise. Dirk exhaled with delight. “Thank you, young persons. I want each one of you to remember these royal rules. Do a good job here at school. Then you will be awarded by me, your king.” The standing kids started an array of loud cheers, whistles, hoots, foot stomps, and claps for Dirk. I sighed with shock.
The robot school teacher allowed the loud sounds to bombard its classroom environment, without interruption. Finally, the robot waved both of her wiry arms in the air with slightly nodded its mental skull. “Settle down, students! Please sit down, students!” Each standing child slowly sat back down, obeying the robot teacher, staring at Dirk. She turned and waved a wiry hand to Rann, “Welcome, Prince Rann.” Three individual elementary students stood upright from their individual student desk without clapping or cheering for Rann, and then quickly sat back down, looking down at the floor. I sighed with shock.
Rann gasped in shock then meekly greeted using another fake smile, saying with few words. “Thank you.” He turned from the classroom and faced the open archway, slowly moving ahead, nodding to Dirk in silence. Dirk entered the classroom and continued to grin, nodding back to Rann, viewing the students.
Inside the comfone room, I continued to sit and gasped in shock at the unique event that badly reflected or affected Prince Rann. Rann swiftly rushed ahead down an empty hallway then left the hallway, loading back into his private zipper ship and then left the space station for his hidden home base on damaged Planet Resort.
Inside the classroom, Dirk continued to stand on the side wall and waved to his new tiny subjects. The students started cheering and clapping again with the four students that silently rooted for Prince Rann. Dirk performed a finally salute, for his fun, to the cheering kids and the unemotional robot teacher, slowly back stepping from the wall, standing inside the open archway, hearing the cheers. Then he back stepped into an empty hallway stilling smiling and waving to the gang of cheers, slamming into the opposite wall. He chuckled with delight then turned away from the open archway, slowly padding down an empty hallway.
Inside the comfone room, I cursed with an array of sour breaths coming from my parted lips then stood upright, leaving the chair, exiting the control room and padded beside Dirk inside an empty hallway. I turned and stared at his nose profile, sneering my inquiry. “What just happened in there?” Dirk continued to walk in a set of large strides slightly advancing ahead of Starra while softly chuckling, without addressing her question.  We padded back to each starship with an array of mixed emotions and soft sounds then left the Space Station Uni, without any additional good or bad word exchange.
He blasted off first from the docking bay as the royal king. I followed his lead, throughout the outer space waves, landing back down at the royal castle in my assigned spot, tumbling from the cockpit in confusion and puzzlement. I followed his back spine down the secret staircase into the throne room and entered the room.

On the 8th hour, at the breakfast meal, I stopped a few feet into the room and stared at his back spine, growling out my comment. “I wanna discuss…”
“One moment, please, Starra!” Dirk stood in front of the glass doors on the side wall that extended into the open balcony on the tenth level while reading a new mini-bot of information.
I gritted my teeth then scanned the room, which was nicely decorated in ugly green, purple, chartreuse streamers and balloons. On side wall held tables of fresh streaming food platters, “Are we having a party?”
“You should be there, not here.” He continued to smile and stared down into the mini-bot.
“The party is there, not here. Is there really a party? Where is the party?” I sneered at his back spine.
“There is a party for inspecting my troops.” He looked up and smiled at the glass orders.
I softly giggled, “Dirk, I can site by first name, rank, birthday, and baptism date on each one of your warriors.” The entire platoon of warriors numbered eighteen. I sighed with too little.
“Not all these warriors, you can’t, Starra. Follow me!” He moved ahead through the closed doors entering the balcony. I sighed with surprise.
I exhaled with annoyance and greatly desired to leave Dirk and my work day, tossing both of my arms in the air, slapping them back down onto each naked leg. I slowly moved ahead and entered the same balcony, passing Dirk, standing at the short concrete railing. I gasped in shock and stared at the crowd, “Where did they come from?” I was not witnessing a garrison or a battalion or a squad of warriors, but a cheering army of 200,000 men, women, and children.
“I present my troops.” He smiled and glided his hand over the crowd. “You are winning the Civil War for me. The comfones haven’t stopped ringing. The recruits don’t stop coming.” I sighed with dread.
“I did this.” I continued to stare and softly stated at the rows of cheering warriors.
“Of course, you and your Tele powers did all of the work, cowgirl.” He chuckled.
“You are winning the popularity contest.” I viewed a sea of neatly ironed and nicely pressed blue tinted military uniforms with a purple sash over the waistline or across the chest.
“You saw the children in the classroom with your own eyes, from the comfone control room. They love me. They loathe Rann. I am winning the war. He is losing the war.” He laughed out loud and waved to the cheering crowd of warriors, slowly back stepping from the railing, spinning around and shouted out loud. “Come, Starra! I have a new target for the afternoon. I must continue to attack quickly, before Rann.” I sighed with danger.
I continued to stare at the sea of waving fools, who sided with the wrong noble. I sighed with doom.

On the 9th hour, late morning, among a cool day with parted clouds, eighteen shiny, new outer space starships under my command dove underneath the thick cloud cover then blasted a row of damaged indigo colored hotel building, staring at the twenty-first floor down to the fifth floor.
The same captain of the new squad of shiny starships pulled up from the dive and followed behind Starra, commenting into his comfone, studying the debris on the ground. “Hmm! There wasn’t much of fight from the eager rebels.”
I continued to lead away from the row of burning buildings, dropping down through the clouds at the new drop zone, starting to land my zipper ship on top of the dry soil, for the planned ground attack of something. “That’s because the row of burning buildings are empty of bots and bodies.”
“What!”
“Did you say something, Captain?” I smirked.
“How do you know this, Commander?”
“I just know.” I hovered in the air waves and protected the freighter that landed near the start of the non-burning, slightly damaged hotel buildings. Then I signaled each ship down onto the dry dirt. I landed my zipper away from the ships then dashed ahead of the rows of robots and warriors, leading the ground charge per King Dirk. I tapped into my telepathy and yelled out loud penetrating each human mind. My Tele powers did not work on mental materials. I carried a maser rifle with one hand and lifted my free hand in the air, racing ahead, protecting my soldiers and any of Rann’s warrior from a death act, since I was the alien that caused all this mess, “Forward!” I dashed ahead and leaped over all the busted and broken metal pieces on the ground. “What a mess?” I normal didn’t walk around with a weapon of mass destruction but this was a real war, which had been created then caused by King Dirk. I sighed with death.
Some of Rann’s hidden warriors were going to shot and then kill my person. However, I really didn’t feel like dying today, therefore, I was prepared to shoot back and defend my precious body. I also toted along a slick tiny dagger inside my left thigh-high boot and two maser pistols bounced gently on each one of my hip bones. I slowly entered the first damaged hotel building without natural or artificial light, using my Tele power of telepathy, seeing in the darkness, finding no survivors or hostages or dead bodies. I continued deeper into the building and shouted out loud. “Clear!” Smoking dust and drifting wall particles lingered in the air current attaching to the ceiling planks and rows of ancient dull, smelly furniture pieces, coming from decades of neglect, not a war attack. I continued ahead and ordered, “Search the floors! If you find a survivor, notify me.” I sighed with health.
The Captain followed closely behind the back spine on Starra while sneering down on top of her gray tinted hair roots, “Those aren’t Dirk’s orders.”
I dropped my usual natural timber down into a deep baritone lady growl, “I don’t care, Captain. You will follow my orders.” I led down an empty hallway using my Tele talents, checking each room, closet, drawer, and peaks of sunray. I sighed with life.
“You shouldn’t mock the king.”
“Then I’ll mock you or shoot you! Take your pick, Captain!” I smirked while my acute eardrums heard an array of soft snickering coming from some of the devoted Starra fans.
The comfone devise on my collar bone voiced in a tiny soprano sound. “What is the situation down there, Starra?” The tiny soprano musical sound belonged to King Dirk.
I executed a Tele tap with my telekinesis and pressed the transmitter button, laughing out loud back to Dirk, “Nobody’s home!”
“What is the statue down there, Starra?” Dirk’s voice sounded with an array of musical sneers.
“The first building is completely abandoned. There are not any residents or new or old equipment pieces, old and used furniture pieces, no medical or food supplies, and not one social fun party, Dick.” I laughed out loud knowing that Dirk had heard my silly report.
“How many citizens are killed down there, Starra?”
“None, Dick!”
“Repeat your answer, Commander!”
I exhaled with annoyance, “There are zero kills down here in the first hotel building, Dick.” I yelled back into the comfone. “None! Nada! No!” I snorted with laughter.
“Stay put! Don’t move! Do go anywhere, Starra!” Dirk shouted back in a tiny voice through the comfone devise.
I spun around with a smile and stared at the semi-crooked rows of male and female mature warriors, “All right, Dick! Some soldiers, go and secure the area, before the king arrives and then shoots me for insubordination.” I could hear soft chuckles in the back ground. A couple of the warriors spun around then left the building, obeying my orders. I didn’t have to stand around long for the new commotion. 
The semi-crooked rows of warriors slowly parted and revealed Dirk. He strutted ahead coming from his personal carrier ship in his girly bath robes with his attached purple tinted cloak flying in the air. He wore a pair of spit and polished black knee boots. He stumbled through the broken planks and around each busted furniture pieces, stopping in front of Starra, sneering down at her smile.
I couldn’t help my sassy personality and then executed a Tele lift from the surface, standing a few inches from the dirty floor, whispering into his nose bridge. “Foiled, again, Dick!” He growled with disappointment. I smiled. “Hmm! Some person seems to be smarter than your a ...”
“Assign personal to secure the parameter and find any more survivors!” He spun away from Starra and stared at the rows of warriors.
One of the brave young warriors stood in the row and shouted at Dirk. “The parameter is secured, Your Highness! We are looking for survivors but can’t find any, Sire. They must be hiding,” he laughed with some of the warriors. Dirk sneered in disappointment.
I laughed out loud and shuffled ahead, moving away from Dirk while leading almost all the smarter warriors back through the hotel building for the completed assignment, without a single death. Then I prayed and hoped that Dirk and I revisit the school setting tomorrow morning while laughing out loud with amusement.

Two hours later, at the 12th hour, mid-afternoon, back at Dirk’s castle with a dark blue sky and massive thunderstorms of rain, lighting and thunder at 75°F, inside the new war planning room, which was really the old throne room. I laughed out loud with amusement and was handed a new shiny mini-bot as I walked through the open archway, sliding sideways, standing against the ugly purple and green painted wall, reading the new information.
I had been the last starship leaving from damaged Planet Resort watching the other ships. Dirk left first then led the other starships from the planet back onto Planet Commerce for the new kingly assignment. I finally arrived and parked on the wet ground, slowly exiting the ship while hearing the voice of Dirk inside my head using my telepathy. I didn’t get wet and slowly walked from the ship into the dry, cool corridor of the royal castle. Then I finally arrived at the outer room going into the throne room which was packed with happy warriors that killed nothing for Dirk.
In front of the room without the throne chair and other furniture items, numerous semi-crooked rows of warriors stood and watched Dirk. He leaned against the solid wall of glass windows and shouted out with a smile.  “Share a mini-bot! You can see the time and location for the upcoming newest attack assignment. You can also see traces of heated bodies too. So, we will attack there on the thirteenth hour of mid-afternoon.”
The Captain of the warriors stood in the front row and pointed down at his mini-bot, “The comlen shows actually fotos of loading and unloading of supply ships for food. Are these really coming from our spies, King Dirk?” He looked up with a smile. “Who are our spies, King Dirk? I wanna become a spy too. Can I become a spy?” He nodded with a grin to Dirk.
I continued to stand against the entrance wall and was surrounded by a wall of taller, wider, stronger warrior body frames, without seeing a taller Dirk in front of the room while talking out loud to the rest of the warriors and back into Dirk’s Tele mind, using my talented telepathy, “Where did you get these geographical coordinates and time arrivals of each supply ship, Dirk? This massive list describes incredibly details including arrival and departure dock and jump times, names of staff personnel, and a complete manifest list including office, food, and medical supplies. I don’t understand. This list was generated by a bot, not a citizen.” I continued to stare at the back spines on the warriors without seeing Dirk but hearing his voice.
“I do have citizen spies on the other side, which can operate a robot, Commander.” Dirk laughed with his other warriors.
“I’m not trying to be funny, here, Dick.” I growled with anger.
“But you are annoying, here, Starra. We just covered that a few moments ago. You should have been on-time to the war meeting. Start the attack, right now!” He yelled out loud without moving his two arms. The rows of warriors spun around and slammed into each other, exiting the throne room. I continued to stand against the entrance room and snarled at Dirk. He continued to smile and nod to Starra in silence.
I scooted sideways with a sour frown while growling at my boss and left the throne room, marching down the hallway, exiting the castle. The new fleet of shiny starships that were meant for Prince Rann came to King Dirk, for ruling the stupid popularity/war contest. Three ram ships, hundreds of zipper and carrier starships, fifty passenger ships, and twenty freighter ships lifted off the ground, not all at the same time, then sailed like the north wind from the dark sky of rainy Commerce into a cold, dark outer space waves heading to the bright blue tinted atmosphere on damaged asteroid Resort. I followed behind last but used my awesome Tele powers leading the fleet of shiny starships. Dirk stayed and listened to the attack at his royal castle. I sighed with cowardliness.

On the 13th hour, a sunny day with no clouds and 88°F in the early afternoon, I led the fleet of shiny starships down from the cold, dark outer space waves into a heated atmosphere. The plot of manicured grass and pods of pretty, planted colored flower beds around the targeted row of buildings filled my two gray eyeballs with beauty as the ship’s scanners revealed three full and loaded freighters filled with various commodities and goods, which was listed on mini-bot by Dirk’s secret spy. I sighed with shock.
I reached down and punched the comfone communication button, talking back to Dirk while the other warriors listened to the conversation, “Dirk, we should kill the attack plans and stole the shipments of goods. This stuff is priceless, including fresh tubes of food, new medical equipment pieces, new bots, new uniforms, and all type of weapons.”
“Thanks for your unofficial royal opinion, Starra! But you are to stick with my kingly plan here. Destroy everything and everyone!” Dirk voiced over each comfone into each starship.
“He’s crazy.” I mumbled too loudly via my comfone.
“I agree.” Another zipper starship pilot voiced over his comfone.
“Are you planning a mutiny, Commander?” Captain teased to Starra via comfone.
“Only if you’re with me, Captain!” I laughed out loud.

Dirk connected, linked, and Tele talked to Starra: Keep all your comments to yourself, Starra!
Stay out of my head, Your Highness! Then I connected, linked, and Tele talked back to Dirk.

I disconnected the open link inside my mind and planted a Tele shield shielding from Dirk, swiftly starting to twirl my starship through the air waves, for drama, steering downwards toward the row of slightly damaged but occupied hotel buildings, hitting the rooftop air-conditioning system first, pulling upright, sailing back into the skyline. Each starship dove down then used a colorful maser ray hitting numerous grounded transports blowing each priceless item up in the air or hit a wall on one of the damaged buildings or burned the pretty manicured lawn. Some of the pilots were terrible warriors which saved some of the buildings and transports.
However, I didn’t have time or the proper resources for replacing the maser weapons with balls of popcorn or pretty paper dots. There were too many starships.
I continued to hover in the air and watched the attack. Numerous tall and short, yellow and red colored fireballs immediately erupted inside each grounded vehicle, along the pretty manicured grounds, and around softer wall on each slightly damaged Resort hotel building. Individual bots exploded like an array of pretty fireworks and individual citizens scattered like lost sheep back into the buildings while each maser weapon fired down at a single target within the secret hideaway for Prince Rann and his nobles.
I moaned for my eardrums only, “What a waste of everything, Dick!” Each fighter pilot had finished their attack run then sailed upwards, floating in the air waves and watched the leader. I was the leader of the attack. I rolled my zipper ship down first into a sharp dive flying towards the dirt in front of the destroyed row of buildings while terrifying the hired help back into the building. I flew upright then halted in the air waves, slowly landing down on top of the non-burning grass, exiting my ship. The other starships were landed from the pretty sky down onto the parts of the non-burning grass also. I stood upright then whipped out my twin maser pastels from each leg hostler, executing a Tele scan using my telekinesis while viewing the grounds for a surprise ambush, without smelling or seeing the enemy. I slowly strolled ahead towards the front door and blasted both cold barrels at the closed metal door, destroying a tall and wide hole into the material. I sigh with perfection.
I entered a large room that was the lobby, without smelling or seeing the enemy, moving around the wall corner, performing a Tele shove with my telekinesis and tossed heavy chunks of large concrete blocks away from the broken wall along with burning furniture items for a walking pathway. The other warriors followed behind my back spine with an upright gun barrel, seeking the enemy. I slowly strolled ahead and into each destroyed larger rooms surveying the dirty floor and busted walls while looking for a living and breathing survivor.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
“Down! Get down!” I yelled out loud and dropped down on the dirty floor. Numerous pieces of broken ceiling beams dropped down then smacked each side wall landing down onto the messy floor. Clumps of sharp materials pounded down on the floor coming from the ceiling and each side wall inside the damaged room.
I did not use my two eyeballs but performed a Tele view with my teleclairvoyance throughout the rest of the upper floor levels on the damaged hotel building. The building was stable; there were five enemies shooting out a maser pistol through the side wall at Dirk’s warriors and Starra. Each heated shot violently slammed through the wall, hitting the ceiling or some of the broken furniture pieces while zinging the colorful ray around each hard object, sometimes tagging a flesh and bone, citizen. I sighed with annoyance.
Each warrior rested down on their belly button upon the floor, covering a head skull with both of their hands, since each maser ray was too close for comfort. I sighed with danger.
“Do something!” A warrior continued to rest on the floor shouted out loud into the quiet room.

Yeah, I have no choice!

I really did not want to hurt a citizen or a bot; but the enemy was not reciprocating my same touchy, feely sentiment. I continued to rest on the floor during the bombardment of maser rays and performed a Tele probe with my telepathy finding a small pocket of ambushers hiding behind one of the side walls using my warriors as the new target practice. I sighed with annoyance.
Crawling ahead on my belly button, I slowly maneuvered ahead towards the same side wall, hiding behind busted furniture pieces, wearing a Tele bubble for protection as I was the Tele Mistress. I whipped out one of my pistols with my telekinesis power and set the marker for blue hue, firing a ray through a small hole, stunning each enemy into a deep sleep. Each enemy was unharmed while I must deal with live hostages and Dirk later. I sighed with exasperation.
Another set of heated rays invaded the quiet room hitting the damaged and torn furniture pieces as the debris blasted shreds of tiny cloth in the air. I continued to rest then turned to face the opposite side wall, performing a Tele peek with teleclairvoyance. I slowly twisted the hovering pistol towards the side wall and released out another blue way, executing a Tele track with my teleclairvoyance. I followed the blue ray. It penetrated the tiny hole and bounced off the metal filing cabinet, landing on the back wall while creating a new wall decoration. I signed with annoyance.
I released more beams of blue colored light through the tiny hole following the rays inside the hidden room as each ray bounced up, then down, then sideways, then zigzag, then diagonal, then vertical, and finally horizontal hitting each warm body inside the room. Each fleshy body dropped down on the floor or against the wall or over the furniture, within an unconscious state. I sighed with life.
“Enjoy your nap, guys and gals!” I softly giggled like a teenage girl. The room became quiet. The other warriors stood upright and cheered for Starra. I slowly stood upright and continued to scan the rest of the building.
“Good job, Commander! I don’t care what they say about you. You’re alright with me.” A warrior slowly stood upright from the floor and shouted out loud to her back spine then laughed out loud with victory.
“Thanks, kid!” I continued to survey the building for any more life forms with a master pistol.
“Dirk said no survivors.” Captain of the troopers padded ahead and stopped beside Starra, executing an array of sour breathes over her gray tinted hair roots.
“Yeah! And that’s my problem, ain’t it, Captain?” I continued to survey the upper floor levels for danger.
“More than you know!” He continued to sneer down at Starra.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
A loud noise filled the destroyed room as pieces of weak ceiling planks released then smashed down on the floor with a set of loud thumps. I dropped back down on top of the floor covering my head skull as the rest of the warriors duplicated my moves. I missed the enemy. I sighed with confusion.
The side wall shifted backwards then descended on top of each sleeping enemy-hostage. I gasped in alarm and executed a Tele jump from the floor, staring into the dusty room. I was too slow. I could not stop the flowing motion of gravity against a damaged wall. The chunks of heavy blocks were too numerous and too small for my physical hands and my Tele powers. The tall damaged wall broke apart then dropped down in sections, landing on each sleeping citizen. I sighed with shock.
All the drifting yellow tinted dust particles settled back down on the floor. Some of the warriors moved ahead and entered the damaged room. One of the warriors touched the body then shook his bone skull, yelling back to the other warriors. “Life signs on this one signals all dead.” I sighed with distress.
The Captain of the Troops slowly stood upright then clapped with loud hoots, staring at each smushed dead body. “Way to go, Commander! You don’t seem to have a problem with Dirk anymore, do you?”
“Secure the area!” I sneered down at the dead bodies. Each warrior spun around and left the damaged room, scouting the other rooms for another survivor. I stared down at each dying body performing a Tele scan with my telemetabolics while feeling the discharge of each soul within my sad soul. Some of the enemies had expired while others were bleeding to death and gasping for the last breath of life. I sighed with prayer.
I felt sad. My warriors believed that I was a hero. A set of foot falls filled the hallway with loud noise. I dropped down on one kneecap and spun around, drawing out the maser rifle from my back spine for another surprise attack in the direction of the open archway door. Dirk appeared with a smile inside the door frame. I sighed with revenge.
“Are there any alive and breathing survivors?” Dirk stopped clapping then grinned, examining the dead bodies.
“There are no survivors, Sire.” Captain spun around and bowed down to Dirk while answering for Starra.
“How many dead fatalities?” He laughed and scanned the blood stains on the floor.
“Well, that is very hard to pinpoint, Sire!” Captain looked down at the blood stains on the floor also.
“Starra, good work!” He continued to stand inside the archway and winked at Starra, “I knew I could count on you.” I slowly stood upright but continued to aim the cold barrel on the maser rifle at Dirk, for my fun, in silence. I sighed with revenge.
“I want the official number of kills.” He nodded with a stern face to Starra.
“Thirty-five,” I continued to stand and aimed my gun at Dirk. I signed with murder.
“How does she know?” Captain spun around and stared at Starra.
“She knows.” Dirk nodded with a grin to Starra.
“Incoming!” The battle controller stood outside the building then screamed via his comfone to each warrior.
Inside the damaged room, I gasped in shock and shouted out loud in confusion back into my comfone, “What!”
The war controller informed. “We have a fleet of shiny new incoming fighter ships heading for this damaged compound, Commander.”
I turned and rushed to one of the broken glass windows quickly surveying the blue sky over damaged Resort, confirming the information. “Stang!” I executed a quick Tele count with my telekinesis viewing fifty carrier and zipper starships with a modified protective force field shield and an array of exterior numerous maser weapons. “Stang!”

I mentally flashed backwards, within all the other five alien timelines, my war battle was always with Dirk, trying to murder his soul, not any of the other citizens.

I mentally flashed present within the sixth alien timeline, I worked for Dirk. I sighed with defeatism.
I stood in front of the broken glass window and executed a Tele slam in the air waves with my telepathy while reaching each warrior, yelling into their mind, “Retreat! Get to your ship! Get off the planet right now!” The ground warriors were turning tail and racing towards their starship.
Dirk gasped in shock then spun around, racing through the building with the Captain in tow.
I was the only person inside the damaged room along with the she-ghosts and executed a Tele leap, jumping through the broken window pane, landing safely down on the burnt grass. I yelled out loud using my telepathy to each warrior. “Retreat! Fly away! Get away!” Dirk rushed away from the building towards his grounded carrier ship with the Captain of the Troops. I slowly strolled ahead and provided gun fire cover for Dirk, moving ahead towards my zipper ship then stopped, staring at the damage. “Double stang!” The dead hostages were not the only victims during the raid. Each fighter starship was vandalized by the enemy forces, pulling out wires, smashing the window glass. Thus, each ship was useless for outer space flight. “Stang! We’re trapped down on the planet.” I sighed with doom.
My Tele sense pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I executed a massive Tele back jump from my zipper as a single stream of green hit my zipper, exploding the craft into millions of burning metal pieces. I yelled out lout with my telepathy to each remaining warrior. “Run away from your ship and get onto one of the non-damaged freighters ships and fly away from here. Now! Now!” Dirk blasted off the planet in his royal ship with the Captain of the Troops. Dirk was safe but I was not. I sighed with doom.
Some of the other warriors headed towards one of the supply ships and left the planet with the merchandise. “Get back inside the building! Cover each other! Go back and protect your body!” I slowly danced around each bombarding ray coming from Rann’s fighter ships while walking backwards, spraying an array of red tinted maser rays up into the clear blue skies at each advancing enemy starship, without hitting one. At the same time, thank goodness, each soldier for Rann was still buzzing from their numerous alcoholic beverages during the fun party and was executing a lousy aim with their master weapon. I was desperate as the leader of the warriors. Each warrior reentered the building. I dashed backwards and entered the same building, spinning around, hearing each beam hit the rooftop and whispered for my eardrum sonly. “This ain’t my day!” The dust descended then covered each face on every warrior.
The war controller was standing in the middle of the huddle reading his mini-bot announced. “We got a big problem. We’re surrounded, Commander.” She pointed down to the screen on the devise.
“What!” I looked down and gasped in shock, staring the young female. I sighed with shock.
I quickly performed a Tele probe with my telepathy scanning the upper floor levels then the outside grounds around our building noting the war controller was correct. Within my teleclairvoyance view, each one of Rann’s armed and anger soldiers slowly walked ahead towards my occupied building firing out a lousy shot while starting a real bloody war. No soldiers existed on the upper floors. I whispered for my eardrums only, “This ain’t my day.”
“What are you orders, Commander?” One of the scared and younger male warriors yelled out loud in nervousness at Starra. I sighed with defeat.
“Stang!” I loudly growled and stared out the entrance wall, seeing the whites of their eyeballs, feeling teenly stress from the deaths, the war, and Dirk.
I was the cause of this scary situation, in which, I was teasing Dirk, not protecting my troops with my Tele powers. I spun around and viewed twelve gals and guys under my command, who greatly desired to leave and go back home to their families. I was going to kill Dirk with my two bare upon my arrival back on Planet Commerce, marching down into his throne room for the last time. Then the silly war will end for everyone.
I mumbled underneath my breath, “Time to perform a heroic feat, cowgirl!”
“What!” Another young warrior frowned with worry at Starra.
“Get down on the floor and cover your head! Stay down on the floor for protection! I’m going to take care of this, right here and right now!” I swung back around and sneered at the damaged entrance wall that contained numerous broken window panes, a busted door frame, and several man-sized holes in the wall for entering the lobby room. I could see the advancement of Rann’s soldiers, and they could see me also. I sighed with popularity.
“What are you going to do, Starra?” A second young female warrior continued to stand and shouted out loud in panic to Starra.
“What’s she doing?” A third young warrior continued to stand and frowned at the back spine on Starra.
“Watch and learn boys!” I smirked with overconfidence.
“She’s got guts.” A fourth young warrior rested on the floor but watched with delight the back spine on Starra.
“I think she’s as crazy as our insane king.” A fifth young warrior rested on the floor and covered his head for protection with worry.
In front of the entrance wall, I slammed the maser rifle back onto my curvy spine then whipped out both of my twin maser pistols, aiming at the two weak points of the solid concrete wall in dull indigo paint. I could control each side of the plaster with my telekinesis. I placed my Tele shield around my person and my twelve warriors for needed protection. Then I started firing at the solid portion on the entrance wall as small bits of plaster parts crumbled then soared through the air waves, landing on the floor, hitting the ceiling, colliding on the other side wall, and into my Tele shield. I allowed gravity to take hold of the entire wall as it rattled then rumbled on the opposite side of my warriors, swiftly falling on the outside ground with a musical sequence of loud noises, creating a dust field while blocking the footpath on each one of Rann’s soldiers. The dust particles bombarded the Tele shield, without harming any citizen. I could hear the loud yells of shock and the ear-pitching screams of panic behind that pile of crumbled concrete stones in front of the building. No one was harmed or killed. I sighed with delight.
I released my Tele shield around my person and my team, shouting out loud. “Clear! Get up! Get moving!” I didn’t want to waste any more of my precious time. Rann possessed working robots that could clear the debris field in minutes. I spun around and rushed around each warrior with my new orders. “Climb the staircase! Get off the floor! Follow me!”
“What is she doing?” One of the worried warriors slowly stood upright from the messy floor, wiping off the bloody from his busted lip then spun around, seeing Starra. She climbed the staircase alone.
“Good job, Starra!” Another happy warrior slowly stood upright then swung around, laughing at the back spine on Starra, following her up the tall staircase.
On the staircase, I dashed ahead of the group to the second level and rushed inside a rear room in dull painted indigo hues with numerous broken pieces of bedroom furniture pieces in the same dull color, racing ahead then slammed into the rear row of dirty and scattered solid glass window, using with my Tele powers. Then I broke the rest of the glass as the particles down on onto the ground without harming man or mammal, leaning out the window pane and executed a Tele touch on an empty freighter ships that provided merchandise to Rann and his guests and was located down below the row of slightly damaged building. I performed a Tele lift and then a Tele sail, flying the heavy piece of long metal, parking the ship down below the second floor. I screamed using my telepathy at each one of my remaining warriors from the window view. “Climb through the broken window and get into the freighter ship. Get off the planet right now!” I spun around and sneered at the lousy day of real war, moving ahead, passing through the huddle of warriors.
One of the bolder warriors reached out and touched Starra’s arm. “What about you, Commander? Where are you going?”
I stopped then looked up with a wicked grin at the young female warrior. “Tell Dirk! Starra is coming for him!” I jerked my arm away from the young female while laughing out loud then stomped ahead of the group while shouting out loud to each surviving warrior. “Get moving! Get into the freighter ship and blast off the planet. I’ll handle the fighter ships and the enemies.” I could hear some of the nasty words and beautiful words coming from each warrior but ignored the wordy banter.
I exited the damaged room then rushed up the side staircase of light natural wooden planks, stopping on the thirteenth level at the end of the long hallway, entering the last damaged hotel room with more dull tinted indigo paint without any busted furniture pieces but piles of trash items on the floor. I dashed ahead and collided into the new glass window, breaking the glass using my Tele powers without harming my body. I aimed the warm barrel on my maser rifle down at the ground soil and killed some of the pretty pods of flowers, without hitting a citizen or a bot. I was warning Rann and his soldiers not to advance ahead then enter the occupied building, that contained me, until all my warriors were safety off asteroid Resort.
Then I will steal a ship and fly off damaged Planet Resort going back to Dirk then killing the SOB. Then I would surrender and marry Rann living a happy life. The happy end! I sighed with marriage.
Rann had planned a trap to entrap Dirk as Dirk did not fall in the trap, but Starra did. I was caught in the middle of the heated cross fire exchange while hoping Rann liked to entertain his new set of prisoners, who were alive and breathing. No wonder Dirk had the correct geographical coordinates and arrival times of each supply ship, since the spy was spying on both Dirk and Rann. I sighed with panic.
I closed my two gray tinted eyelashes using my teleclairvoyance, viewing my group of escaping warriors. The occupied freighter lifted off the ground then safely flew into the atmosphere, without pursue or destruction coming from Rann or any of his fighters. I sighed with relieve.
I opened my two eyelashes and held my breath, aiming the warm barrel on the maser rifle at another pod of pretty flowers, before the polished boot sole on the soldier killed the plants first. I fired then destroyed the flowers while hearing a strange noise. I leaned towards the side wall.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
A light-weight object swiftly dropped down from the ceiling planks coming from the massive destruction of the entrance wall on the first floor, compliments of Tele Mistress Starra. I quickly jerked away from the falling object and the open window, slamming my temple down into a large protruding object on top of the wooden floor, feeling instantaneous pain as a warm and soothing mysterious heat float formed on my sweaty forehead, holding some type of wet liquid, flowing down my temple into my eyeball, which was my personal blood proteins.

This ain’t my day.

My uncovered eyeball watched my maser rifle slam down onto the opposite collar bone, feeling instant pain, without much suffering. I blinked both of my two eyelashes shut then opened, seeing darkness first then see bright light coming from the natural sunrays as my normal vision was affected by a medical head concession inside my brain. I stretched out all my Tele senses towards the air waves without touching a person. Each one of my troopers had successfully exited the damaged building. I sighed with help.
I could not move my physical body while experiencing a state of weakness and a group of paralyzed muscles coupled with numerous body aches. I closed my two gray tinted eyelashes desiring some sweet sleep then popped open my two eyelashes hoping to stay awake for a swift rescue, coming from one of my troopers. I heard a set of faint voices and several footfalls coming up the staircase then an individual stood inside the open archway on the thirteenth floor.
“What is the current situation?” A male tenor shouted out loud and as the male body scanned the new room.
A female timber voiced behind the male body at the same archway, “All dead, sir!”
“How many of them?”
“None, sir!”
The male tenor cursed then asked. “How many of ours?”
“Captain Nat led a small scout team of six warriors, sir.” The female voice stated.
“Stang! Did any of our warriors survive that war battle?”
“None! No one survived the war battle, Major Kona.”
Major Kona nodded with a stern face into the messy room. “Very good, Ensign! Start prepping the dead bodies for transport back to our secret campsite.” He spun around from the room and viewed an empty hallway while hearing the loud movements coming from the other warriors that was located downstairs.
I realized that Major Kona and the unnamed ensign did not see my grounded body and they were leaving the room, the hallway, the building, without helping with my wounds while I laid dying on top of the floor.

Do something, Starra!

I was hidden behind a tall wall of stacked colorful metal tubs and a taller pile of bagged trashed items and could not move my paralyzed body and as my working eyeball viewed the resting maser rifle across my collar bone. So, I slightly wiggled my arm allowing gravity to take control. The heavy weapon dropped off my collar bone then landed down on top of the floor creating a loud thumping noise.
Kona gasped in shock then swung back around scanning the room. “What’s that loud noise? Get inside and search the floor!” A pair of heavy footfalls scooted around the floor and scraped against the wooden planks, shuffling heavy items around the floor.
“Over here!” The ensign called out then raced ahead, squatting down beside Starra, reaching out and checked the medical condition on the wounded warrior down on top of the floor.
“Over here!” A male tenor stopped and stared down, squatting over the wounded body on Starra.
Kona moved ahead then stopped behind the ensign, staring down at the wounded warrior, “Is she breathing?” I opened my healthy eyeball staring at the unknown male.
“Yes, sir! She is still alive but has appears to have suffered a bit of head trauma, sir.”
“Shoot her in the head and end her suffering!” Kona laughed out loud and continued to stare down at Starra.
She gasped in shock then swiftly stood upright, spinning around, sneering at Kona. “She is only wounded, sir.”
“I don’t care. Kill her!” He commanded with a low growl to the lower soldier.
“You are ordering a murder to an innocent victim, Kona.”
“We are at war, Ensign!” He sneered.
“That’s not Rann’s prisoner policy.”
He waved one hand in the air at the messy room, “Do you see Ivan standing here with us? No! So, I’m in charge. Anyways, the enemy blew up the last freighter shipment that contained all the food stuffs and the medical supplies, which means no additional body kits for us, much less for the enemy.”
She smiled then spun away from Kona, squatting down, staring at the wounded enemy. “Rann always gets additional supplies and equipment pieces.”
Kona snarled. “And Rann is not here, with us, either.”
On the floor, I was not deaf but slightly blinded from the stream of blood over my eyeball and dizzy from the concession headache. I slowly stirred into a half-consciousness state while hearing Rann’s name, trying to open one eyelash and trying to speak sounding like a wet yawn.
“She is in a semi-conscious state and possesses a head injury, Kona. We can help here.” She reached down and touched the cheekbone on Starra.
On the floor, my two eardrums heard additional sounds in the far distance coming from the long hallway. A set of heavy booted feet of soldiers climbing the staircase invading the second level.
Kona heard the same loud sounds on the staircase then gasped in shock, ordering with a whisper, “Cover her mouth with something! That’s an order, Ensign!” The female soldier refused to obey his unethical order then swiftly stood upright from the floor, slowly shuffling from Starra, standing a few feet from Kona. He cursed underneath his breath and padded ahead, ripping off a small piece from the interior lining on his neatly ironed and nicely pressed blue tinted uniform, squatting down beside Starra. He roughly placed the soft fabric around her bloody lips tucking the edge corner underneath her neck. Starra cringed in pain and silence staring at Kong with her healthy eyeball, without moving or screaming. He leaned into her face then whispered. “I’ll deal with you later,” Kona sat upright with a wicked grin then swiftly stood upright from the floor, spinning around with a stern face, moving ahead towards the open archway and collided into a wall of fat. He swiftly back stepped from the figure then looked up, sneering at Ivan both noble and general of the militia man-made space station.
Ivan halted and blocked the open archway, looking down, staring back at Major Kona, making with a loud grunt. Kona slowly back stepped from Ivan a few inches then stood at attention in silence. The lowly ensign continued to stand in place watching both Ivan and Kona, without saluting. A soldier did not salute during a war battle.
Down the long hallway, a male baritone timber shouted out loud at the back spine on Ivan. “What are the current statistics, Ivan?”
Inside the room, down the floor, I stirred with a set of painful movements, after hearing Ivan’s name. Ivan did not like my person; but he might help my injured body as a noble gentleman, unlike Kona, whom I had remembered from the previous five alien timelines.
At the open archway, Ivan shouted back down the hallway. “The last war battled eliminated six zippers, four carriers, one passenger, zero freighters, three shipments of food, one shipment of miscellaneous bots in good condition, ten cases of weapons, four cases of uniforms, and one shipment of medical supplies.”
“Stang!” The male baritone voice echoed and as the body stood beside Ivan, scanning the last room on the thirteenth floor.
Ivan continued to stare at Kona with curiosity. “The freighter of medical supplies was the first target that exploded on impact. The fires got the rest of the loaded shipment.”
“Have nobleman Tok go and find more medical kits immediately?”
“Yes, Sire.” Ivan stared at the messy room then at Kona.
“Were there any deaths on our team?”
“Yes, this war battle has been the most deadly and bloody to our team and our team members.”
“Stang!” The male baritone voice echoed inside the crowded hallway.
On the floor, my mind pondered the sound coming from the familiar timber. Then I ordered my brain cells to react to the familiar timber while my aching body did not function. The silk gag rag inside my mouth blocked my vocal sound and the injury had paralyzed my body in pain. So, I implement Plan B.
I closed my two gray-tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Focus.
I performed a Tele scan with my telepathy looking at each grounded object surrounding my wounded body, seeing a heavy desk chair, a heavier desk table, and two extremely heavy, short metal robots, which were too dangerous to lift in the air then accidentally landed on my body, which would permanently maim or murder my life form. So, I continued to scan the rest of the room for a smaller, less dangerous object, locating a set of plug pins on top of the tall stack of tubs. Each plug pin measured two inches in height that was inserted through a whole securing the lid.
My active but dizzy mind was too weak from my exterior injuries for lifting then dancing each plug pin in the air, for drama. I executed a Tele push with my telekinesis without controlling the air currents then shoved one of the plug pins over the metal surface. One of the plug pins slowly rolled over ahead then stopped. I exhaled with annoyance and pain, inhaling fresh air molecules, holding my breath and performed another Tele push on the same stalled plug pin while feeling weaker and exhausted from the constant blood loss. The plug pin slowly rolled ahead over the smooth metal making a small ting sound, dropping down on the floor with a soft ping that echoed throughout the quiet room.
Kona tensed his muscles and turned to stare at the ensign, without speaking. The ensign continued to stand at attention and stared back at Kona.
“What’s that sound?” The voice from the male surveyed the room for an answer.
Ivan continued to stare at Kona then scanned the room, slowly moving ahead, surveying the room. “Where is that noise coming from inside this room?”
On the floor, I exhaled with pain then inhaled a set of fresh air molecules, holding my breath, executing a new Tele shove with my telekinesis at a new plug pin. A second plug pin slowly rolled over the smooth metal then landed down on the floor, slamming into the first plug pin, creating a new musical tone. I exhaled in intense pain and closed both of my eyelashes, sliding further underneath the soft trash bag, diving down into a deeper slumber or a deep coma or maybe a death act. I could hear a set of heavy booted soles.
“Over here!” Ivan stopped then stood behind a stack of tubes, still kicking object from his massive bulk that hit the side wall. “The soft musical tune sounded like it came from over here.”
On the floor, my healthy eyelash opened and revealed a soft bag of silver tinted items, realizing I was hidden underneath the trash bag. I performed a Tele shove on a third plug pin. The plug pin slowly rolled over the metal surface then landed down on top of the two other pins, creating another musical song.
Ivan gasped in shock at the moving item on top of the stack of tubs and shouted out loud, “Over here! Come over here! There is something strange happening over here. Help me move the stack of tubs!” He leaned down and shoved the items to the side wall with the assistance from the other warriors as each one viewed a soft bag of trash items. They stood upright and stared down at the plastic bag, seeing a pair of naked human legs on top of the floor. On the floor, Starra felt weak and helpless as my energy faded back into unconsciousness. Ivan reached down and shoved the bag of trash into the side wall, squatting down and touched the arm on the wounded warrior. “What’s this?”
The leader of the warriors stood beside Ivan and gasped in alarm, squatting down, touching the arm on the Starra. “She is alive.” He reached down and tugged the silk gag from her lips. Starra opened her two eyelashes and softly yelped in pain, slowly closing back her eyelashes for sleep. He sneered down at Starra while addressing the other warriors. “She’s injured also. Why is her mouth covered? Someone, answer me now!”
Rustling of two booted feet scraped the wooden planks then a heavy object dropped down on the floor. The ensign attacked Kona, penning his body down on the floor. “Sire, Major Kona ordered me to kill the wounded female.”
Rann continued to probe on Starra while sneering at Kona. “Explain your military order, very carefully to me, Major Kona!”
Kona struggled underneath the heavier warrior and stared at the back spine on Rann. “She is dying of a head injury. We don’t have any trauma kits here. Why make her suffer the long ride back to our headquarters? She’s going to die anyways.”
He spun around and sneered at Kona. “Is that your medical assessment of a captured prisoner? Who promoted you to a Bbot?”
Kona wiggled his hand in the air, “Rann, I’m doing her a favor.”
He flipped his hand in the air with a low growl, “Take him away, Ivan! Before I do him a complimentary favor.”
The larger female ensign lifted off Kona then leaned down, grabbing him by the shirt collar, shoving Kona towards a group of other soldiers that surrounded the open archway. Kona tumbled ahead then landed inside the huddle of the police-type soldiers. She exited the room with a smile of victory.
“Yes, Your Highness!” Ivan bowed to the back spine on Rann like a devoted noble, spinning around, exiting the room and followed the group of soldiers.
Inside the open archway, his friend Ty appeared and entered the room, stopping then stood beside Rann, staring down at the wounded female. A single silver tinted robot that appeared like a floating trashcan with a lid of two teacup eyeballs floated in the air waves, inside the busy hallway, and stared into the room, waiting on its new order. Rann said. “Bbot, come in here and assess her medical condition!”
Bbot slowly floated ahead into the room, moved around the injured warrior, then stopped on the opposite side, reaching out with its numerous metal limbs, seeking her body. The soprano mechanical voice echoed inside the quiet room. “The female species possesses good vital signs. No broken bones. No internal bleeding but slight bruising throughout her body along with a mild concession and a deep abrasion on her left temple. Please apply pressure to stop the bleeding, bandage the wound, and stabilize a hover cot with four thrusters for a slow and steady pace back to the medical vessel. She will live with a touch of tender loving care.”
On the floor, I felt weak in my body with excellent hearing. I will live for another day against Kona’s murderous wishes. Kona was a name and a body from each one of my past alien timelines, where he did not like my person. I sighed with un-friendliness.
Dirk was another name and body that immediately popped into my dizzy mind. He will become greatly disappointed with my current delicate dilemma. I sighed with failure.
Rann continued to stare down at the wounded female. “Did you have any luck changing the programming on that medical bot, Ty?”
Ty crossed both of his arms and shook his bone skull while staring down at a wounded and semi-conscious Starra. “Well, I did try. The weirdly hotwired robot apparently is an inside joke on you.” He softly chuckled.
“At least, it’s a harmless joke on me.” Rann softly chuckled.
On the floor, I heard the soft chatters of mumbled words and viewed darkness with a pair of closed eyelashes as Rann and Ty joked for fun at my precious life. I sighed with life.
Several pairs of smooth and rough hands lifted my body up from the cool floor and then on top of the soft fabric of the medical cot. My eyelashes were nailed shut as the medical cot slowly lifted off the floor then floated in the air, for a short trip down the staircase. My eardrums continued to hear mumbling voices without word structure. Then an array of bright sunlight burned down on my freckles for a few seconds, before I succumbed into darkness.

Alien Day 120


Asteroid Resort location
Damaged hotel building setting
Sunny sky without clouds at 71°F
6th hour (early morning)


Up! Get up! Wake up!

My mental words shouted out loud inside my sleepy mind and as my tired body wiggled sideways on top of the soft mattress. I continued to rest on my back spine then open my two eyelashes, viewing an indigo ceiling, gasping in shock and worried about my body. I slowly shook my curls while feeling no pain on my bone skull. One eyeball noted a line of open windows, without the glass pane viewing a pale blue skyline. Then both of my eyeballs darted towards the side wall seeing rows of ripped and torn indigo colored wallpaper with big dull-looking yellow flowers. My eyeballs shifted across the room and stared at a closed metal entrance door in bright yellow hue. I quickly concluded that I was located on damaged Resort, not Planet Commerce and stored inside the compound of my enemy.
“Stang!” I whispered for my eardrums only then slowly sat upright, folding at my waist, scanning the furnished room with a vanity mirror, a single sitting chair, a four chest of drawers, and a private lavatory, which was not bad for my newest prison cell. Believe me! I have visited then lived in worse spots during all my previous alien timeline, within the unknown universe.
I slowly shifted both my legs off the bed mattress the slowly stood upright on top of the slightly uneven floor surface without experiencing a headache or dizziness or vomit sensation. I stomped my right foot forward then my other foot over the cool tile floor testing my balance, standing in front of the tall vanity reflection mirror then smiled at my reflection. I wore numerous bloody cloth bandages around my body covering my once wrinkled, not dirty blue tinted uniform jacket and short skirt. My uniform was torn and ripped in thin shreds going around various body parts as the fabric colors displayed lighter and darker spots consisting of my own red tinted blood protein, gray lint, brown dirt, and green tinted grass blades. My pair of leather thigh-high dark blue boots were tattered and ripped as both drooped down over my two naked kneecaps. And my pink tinted fashion statement sash was tied around my waist and coated with more of my red tinted blood proteins minus each Dirk-assigned deadly weapon.
I started to remove each dirty bandage from my bone skull first. My temple wound had already formed a small crusty scab healing the outer edges om my skin in bright pink hue. I closed my two eyelashes then applied a Tele heal using my telemetabolics on my head wound, feeling the coolness of the running blood proteins then the hotness of the healing talent. I opened my two eyelids and viewed the smooth skin with tiny dried crusty seams, which would automatically heal with my natural human ability within a few days.


I mentally flashed backwards, within the second alien timeline, when I had visited damaged Planet Resort and my boyfriend Prince Rann as I had been chased by a pair of security guards then captured by Rann, who provided delicious food, pretty clothes, and pleasant conversation.


I mentally flashed present, within the current alien timeline, I continued to rip the rest of the dirty bandages finding a healthy body and a destroyed uniform. I exhaled with annoyance then wiped the sweat off my brow. My new jail cell did not provide a nice stream of cold air as the row of windows did not contain a glass pane, emitting tons of heated air into the room, with a nice cross-ventilation system going into the opposite side, with a different row of windows, without an individual glass pane.
I spun away from the upright mirror piece then strolled to the last window seal, viewing the blue skyline, leaning through the air waves and gasped in alarm, “Stang! I am located twenty stories in height up from the nicely manicured ground, standing in the clouds. I can’t jump down from here and survive even with my awesome Tele powers, since I will definitely die.” I sighed with trap.
Damaged Planet Resort is a dead or a restricted world or something weird. I stayed confused and never understood the true purpose of a damaged planet, after each civil war.
My Tele powers pinged with alert. Everything ain’t fine.
I spun away from the window and stared at the entrance door, hearing a set of faint voices coming down the corridor, executing a Tele probe using my telepathy and then secretly spied through the metal.
A few feet from the last slightly damaged hotel room, down a long carefully repaired but still damaged hallway in dull-looking indigo colors, without pretty picture decorations or an army of armed personnel, a row of upright figures slowly strutted down the uneven floor. In front of the prisoner room, a cylinder-shaped, metal bot stood in front of the metal door, wearing a pair of sideways teacups that were its true robotic eyeballs. It appeared like a floating clean garbage trashcan. On each side of the metal, a pair of wiry metal arms extended downwards a few inches from its dull-looking metal body, without movement, but scanning the local area for any trouble. Bbot did not move but recognized the row of individual, saying in a soprano timber. “Prince Rann and General Ivan, welcome to the prisoner room! How are you doing this glorious morning?” The pair stopped then stood in the middle of the hallway without blocking the robot.
“Is the prisoner in a conscious state?” Rann asked.
“The medical condition of my patient displays an excellent recovery and very good outlook. She will live with a touch of tender loving care.” Bbot sounded in its machine voice.
Inside the prisoner room, I gasped in shock and heard that clever medical phrase, where I had programmed that sentence on a Bbot machine on Tech World in this alien timeline. I sighed with genius.
Then I frowned shaking my curls. “Ugh! That creative clever line got me four glittering gold stars then discovered by Dirk, then promoted to a commander in the army, and finally captured by Rann.” I moaned with regret. “This is my fault as a cute and clever alien. I had re-programmed the bot for attention, not from Dirk, but Rann.” I sighed with misstep.
Outside the closed prisoner door, Ivan frowned at the robot. “Why is this bot standing here?”
He softly chuckled at the robot, “The robot wanted to stay with the prisoner and monitor her medical condition.”
“It did, did it? That’s a highly usual behavior pattern for a machine.”
He nodded. “Some of the bots seem to possess a mechanic personality flaw attaching its metal body to a person. This is one of them.”
Ivan softly chuckled. “And I recall very vividly that his particular bot is attached to…”
He turned and sneered at Ivan. “Do not mention that again! Else I’ll go and build a hangman’s podium inside the ball room, just for you, General.”
Ivan continued to chuckle then nodded. “First, you dictate like Dirk. Second, I am sorry, Your Highness.” He continued to smile at the bot.
He exhaled with frustration then stared at Bbot. “I don’t have enough hands watching my prisoner. The bot will not allow her escape from her prisoner cell. I personally programmed the robot myself. Bbot only obeys my vocal orders.”
“Why are we here?”
He nodded with a grin towards the closed door. “I wanna come and check on my prisoner.”
“Your next business meeting with Ty regarding the security comlens from the ambush is…”
“I remember. Speaking of security, where did you put Major Kona?”
“Ensign Kona is under my direct command now.”
Rann softly chuckled with a head nod, “Very good, Ivan!”
He softly chuckled with a nod. “Well, since we are standing here, the prisoner needs to be interrogated. She might yield some valuable information about Dirk’s future attacks on our hidden headquarters building and any additional shipment of food and supplies.”
Rann frowned and shook his bone skull at the closed door, “Don’t count on it! Dirk does not use pawns for dangerous work, like yesterday. Our intelligence reports were correct. How many of his senior and junior staff officers were killed?”
“Our war controller had tallied 5,000 dead warriors and 2,000 injured individuals.”
Inside the prisoner room, I gasped in shock then marched ahead towards the closed door, tossing both of my arms in the air, shouting out loud in anger. “No! No! No! That’s not right! I’m in charge of the troopers. No troopers have died under my command.” I stopped then stared at the closed door, executing a Tele probe with my clairvoyance, going back into time.


I mentally flashed backwards, six days ago, when Dirk started the real war, I viewed numerous war battles without my person in command and then thousands of dead, decaying bodies, including older and young males, females, teenagers, and some pre-teen children.


I mentally flashed present, into the current alien timeline, I sobbed with tears and shook my dirty curls. I had been duped by Dirk as the leader of the troopers, when he had been attacking Rann and his warriors during the early morning days and last night evenings. “I am the fool! Why does a galaxy of healthy citizens want to go to war and kill each other? Why is this happening? Me! I am the catalyst. I created this new bloody timeline, when killed in the previous alien timeline and then I had created this one. I must end the war battles and violence, some way and somehow. But how do I do that?”
Outside the prisoner door, Rann shook his bone skull and sneered at the closed door. “You mean the injured warriors that could crawl with their wounds on their belly over the ground towards the grounded freighter and then kisses the royal feet on Dirk.”
Ivan nodded at the same closed door. “I completely understand, Sire. I become sick in my stomach lining. Dirk orders his own people murdered on the ground, if the warrior can’t move over the ground or walk upright on the dirt rather than let us take them as prisoners and treat their bodily injuries. The dead consisted of old men, women, teenagers, and older children.”
“Children! I can’t believe that Dirk is forcing children into his war,” Rann gasped in shock.
“The young faces were teenagers and pre-teens, who were estimated between eleven to nineteen years of age.”
Rann nodded with a smile. “Dirk is forced to recruit children as fighting armed soldiers in his depleting army. This is bad for Dirk and good for us.”
“Next, the mighty king will be recruiting warriors from his staff of kitchen cooks and cleaning maids fighting his war battles.” Ivan laughed.
He nodded with a smile. “The Civil War is almost over. We are seeing the bright warm sunny light at the end of a deep dark tunnel.”
Ivan nodded. “We have definitely eliminated all his senior and junior and children military officers.”
He shook his bone skull. “Every war battle is also depleting the ranks of good citizens too. By the time this war finally ends, we will have lost over half of the citizen population throughout the galaxy. I simply do not understand the citizens or Dirk or his military officers.”
Ivan sneered. “Well, there is one particular command military officer that I wanna handle with my two bare hands.”
Rann nodded with laughter. “I too feel the same way, Ivan. How in the universe did this single wounded warrior become missed by Dirk’s retrieving troopers or Dirk’s own eyeballs?”
I concur. Since Dirk loves to stand at the open rear hatchway door while staring down at each injured soldier without offering assistance.”
Rann shook his bone skull with a sour frown and a matching tone, “Well, she wasn’t missed by much. If that foolish major…”
“Ensign.”
“If that foolish ensign had shot her in the head, then I would not be having this tart conversation with you, Ivan.”
Ivan smiled at the closed door. “This is a golden opportunity for learning something about Dirk’s mental psyche and his military strategies, which are killing our people too.”
“Well, Dirk doesn’t hire pawns.”
Ivan nodded with a stern face. “I agree.”
Rann nodded, “She was there in the middle of the rough and tough war fight. Dirk is not a fool either. She holds something special for him and has something special to him.”
“She might know some valuable information. But is she willing to talk to us?”
Rann pointed to the door, “I will go and interrogate her with those posed questions, Ivan.”
“No! You will not go inside that prisoner room, alone and unarmed, without me by your side or behind your back.” He laughed.
Rann exhaled with frustration. Ivan wanted to guard then annoy Rann all the time. “You can watch while I ask her questions, Ivan.” He shuffled ahead and waved his hand at Bbot. Bbot lifted from the uneven floor then slowly floated to the side, shuffling away from the metal hotel room door. Rann moved ahead then rattled the door knob.
Inside the room, I wiped off the tears of sadness about the thousands of lost souls which was caused by Dirk then gasped in alarm at the moving metal door, whispering for my eardrums only. “This ain’t my day.” I slowly back stepped from the parting door with worry then slammed into the open window seal with fear, staring at the familiar face. I gasped staring at the hot sizzling male, who was more majestic in flesh and bone than inside my mental mind.
His dashing facial features teased my gray eyeballs as he possessed dark tinted skin and a wicked smirk on his pink colored lips that were lightly dusted in black whiskers. He wore a slightly wrinkled and lightly dirty white tinted open fabric vest, without a shirt, baby. He displayed a set of bugling ripped bicep muscles over his naked chest and two naked arms. His plain vest was not tastefully decorated with a set of tiny semi-precious stones as in the previous alien timelines. All those physical features made him a dominating presence inside my prisoner room, introducing Prince Rann of damaged Planet Resort, the solo ruler of a destroyed world.
Rann entered the room first then halted a few feet from the open archway, wearing a pair of matching both wrinkled and dirty white tinted trousers that were tucked down into a pair of unpolished, scruffy knee boots in black hue, housing a silver tinted dagger on his fit waistline. He gasped in shock and stared at Starra.
Ivan followed next then halted standing beside Rann, gasping in alarm, staring at Starra also. “It can’t be.”
“You see her with your own eyes.” Rann stated.
“I can’t believe it.”
I stared only at Rann, without dancing a victory lap or flirting with a smile. I never cared for General Ivan. Today, I cared lesser about Ivan.
However, Ivan reached down and grabbed his hand maser, whipping it from his waistline, pointing the cold barrel and sneered at Starra. “I always like having an excuse to kill in cold blood.” I sighed with death.
Ty entered the open door next with an ease gait while shouting out loud his words. “Rann, the supply ships have arrived. We need a bot.” He halted and stood on the opposite side of Rann, gasping in shock, staring at Starra. He also whipped off his hand maser, pointing the cold barrel at Starra.
I continued to stand there holding some fear and fright but executed a Tele probe using my telepathy on Rann. He didn’t notice it, but he was feeling intrigued and confused regarding the enemy warrior. Thus, Rann was not going to kill me, only question me. I sighed with marriage.
“Don’t touch her!” Rann smoothly commanded.
“I’m going to kill her, not touch her.” Ivan sneered without dropping his weapon.
“No! This is a direct order, Ivan.”
Ty nodded with a snarl. “She is the image from all of the recorded comlens.”
I gasped in alarm then whispered for my eardrum sonly. “I told Dirk that we were being recorded and spied upon. Well, he was being recorded and spied upon.”
“I can see that.” Rann continued to stand without dropping his dagger or his side maser pistol.
“She is too dangerous for us, Rann.” Ivan stated.
“I will the person to evaluate that risk, Ivan.”
“Don’t Rann! Do not allow her beauty to influence your decisions!” Ty continued to stand and aimed his weapon at Starra.
Ivan nodded. “Dirk thinks she is dead.”
“He’s a fool to give up so easily.” Rann softly chuckled with a wicked grin.
“He is a lot of things, but he is nobody’s fool.” Ty nodded with a stern face.
Ivan stated. “If there is a tiny security leak anywhere within our hidden compound that she is alive and breathing, then Dirk will come and collect her.”
I continued to stand, without movement. However, Dirk did not need me. He used me. Thus, I will be the one seeking revenge on King Dirk. I sighed with murder.
Rann softly chuckled and smiled at Starra. “Let him come! Dirk will never find her or us.”
“He will try.” Ty said.
Rann nodded with a smile and waved his hand in the air. “Lower your weapons. I will…”
“No way! If you talk to her, then we all talk to her. Isn’t that right, Ivan?” Ty sneered.
Ivan nodded with a wicked grin. “And I know the valuable data that she is willing to share, if I may find it forcibly.”
“Ivan, you threaten her once more, you will leave the prisoner’s room, standing inside the hallway while I conduct my business here.” Rann snarled.
“Yes, Sire.” Ivan exhaled with frustration but always obeyed the true king of the universe.
“I’m staying too. I want hear her words too.” Ty stated.
Rann exhaled with annoyance at his two best nobles, nodding with a stern face to Starra. “Very well then! But I will be the one asking each posed question.” Ivan mumbled some nasty incoherent words, when Rann laughed out loud, turning to see the nose profile on Ivan. “At few seconds ago, you wanted me to interrogate her for some useful information, General.”
Ivan sneered at Starra. “I want her dead now.”
He smiled at Ivan. “Dead people don’t talk, Ivan.”
“I know!” He laughed along with Ty.
Rann smiled at Starra, “Bbot!”
The robot scooted from the side wall then flew backwards through the open archway, still flying backwards, steering around tall and wide Ivan, flying sideways then halted in front of Rann, who was its master. It droned in a soprano timber, “Yes, Sire.”
Rann only stared at Starra and ordered to the robot, “Record this private conversation with me and the prisoner, please.”
“Yes, Sire. I started my memory recording at the time of ten in the morning with you and the prisoner.” Bbot slowly flew sideways away from Rann then parked inside the dark wall corner, carefully spinning around, staring at Starra then slowly dropped down on top of the uneven floor. It started recording the image of Starra and Rann as well as their words.
In front of the open archway, Ty holstered his weapon then slowly back stepped from the row of nobles, exiting the room, loudly dragging a set of objects over the tile floor. He provided a chair for each noble then slid down in the noble row, staring in silence at Starra.
Of course, I didn’t possess a sitting chair and could not toss both my two arms in the air with my anger or my argument. So, I slowly slid down the wall then sat down on top of the cool tiles, staring at the row of noblemen. I sigh with nervousness.
Rann exhaled with mixed emotions, clearing his mind with anger, smoothly stating with a calm timber. “You are my captured prisoner here in my hidden camp. You will not be harmed, unless you dare to cause harm to another one of my warriors.” He turned and nodded to Ivan. Ivan nodded back in silence. Rann nodded in silence then viewed Starra, slapping his chest. “I am Prince Rann. This is General Ivan on my left side and Ambassador Ty on my right side. You might recognize our faces from some old comlens or our noble names.”
“This ain’t a tea party, Rann! Get to the real business!” Ivan wiggled his large body in the metal chair and created a set of squeaky sounds with the bend metal, still pointing his weapon at Starra.
Rann ignored an angry Ivan. “I know who you are.”
I exhaled with annoyance without ticking my eyelash or licking my lips. 

No! You do not. I am a teen alien from Planet Earth. Wait! O! Rann does. I am Dirk’s lackey and not proud of it either. I sigh with embarrassment.

“We know who you are and what you do coming from each security comlen from yesterday’s ambush on our warriors. Why did you attack our soldiers?” Ty asked.
I exhaled with frustration with my inner thoughts. 

I really do not know the rules for a prisoner as I am a prisoner, so I will wing it and say nothing. I sigh with nothing.

“Are you still injured?” Rann frowned. “Bbot has stated that you have recovered from your wound injuries.”
I stared at Rann with my inner thoughts.

Yes, I have recovered, and I am plotting a plan to escape using my healthy body too. I sigh with escape.

Ivan sneered. “She understands you. Continue the interrogation, Rann. Else, I will do it.”
“You are Dirk’s right hand lady and the commander of his troops, who happens to be killing all of my people. I was winning the war, until you mysterious showed up here.” Rann frowned.
I wanted to roll my two eyeballs into the rear of my skull, but I did not move.

Dirk had mentioned that Rann didn’t own my existence, before Dirk had forced me to command his troopers. I sighed with deception.

Ty frowned. “What world planet do you reside from? What is your native home?”
I continued to stare at Rann with my inner thoughts.

Yeah, that’s a great question. I can answer that within my mental mind. I come from Earth and I will harm you. I sigh with silliness.

I held my giggles which exploded outside in a series of tiny non-smelly farts coming from my butthole. I sighed with truth.
Rann nodded to Starra. “I do not believe your value within my war operations. I might add here. Dirk doesn’t know that you are alive and living here.”
I exhaled with frustration within my mental thoughts.

Rann is a tried and tested Tele warrior from numerous alien timelines. However, he does not know or remember due to my interference as the universal catalyst. And Dirk is a Tele Master with slightly less than equal Tele powers to the great Tele Mistress, which is me. So, Dirk knows that I am alive and kicking within the enemy campsite and he is not happy either. I sigh with happiness.

“Let’s not disappoint Dirk!” Ivan sounded with an evil laughter and a wicked grin, still posing his weapon at her.
“Rann, I agree with Ivan. She is deadly like a Sahara sand snake. I should kill her.” Ty sneered then grabbed the hilt on his holstered weapon.
Rann was cool and smiled at Starra, “I am impressed with your warrior skills, Commander.”
“She murders people in cold blood. She didn’t give Nat’s team member time to surrender and then live out a peaceful life with their family units. She blasted them in cold blood.” Ivan sneered.
I exhaled with annoyance within my mental thoughts.

Hold the comfone! I had tried to save Nat and his team members inside a dangerous and condemned hotel building. Then the ceiling dropped down on them. And I am not the leader, who is killing all the citizens and depopulating the world of planets within the unknown universe. Dirk is doing that. And we are at war. I sigh with war.

“We are at war, Ivan.” Rann exhaled with worry.

I just said that!

“I don’t care. There are terms of surrender protocols for each party involved in a civil war for conducting captured citizens, in a civil manner.” Ivan sneered.
I exhaled with frustrating within my mental thoughts.

Yes, I agree with your long statement, so you need go and tell Dirk. I have been trying to do with Dirk, after I had mysterious arrived here. I sighed with puzzlement.

“Dirk does not practice the rules of battlefield engagement. Dirk ignores them. He kills his own people for getting shot bleeding over the grass then dying on the ground.” Ty sneered.
Ivan snarled. “She does not practice them either...”
“…coming from Dirk’s orders…” Rann nodded.
“Ask her! Why she doesn’t take hostages?”
“Do you see and hear, Rann? She is not going to cooperate and tell us anything.” Ty snarled.
Ivan continued to aim his weapon at Starra, nodding with a sneer, “Eliminate her! That’s the only real option here!”
“Did I not give you a warning Ivan!” Rann turned and sneered at the general.
He slapped his chest and nodded at Starra. “We all saw your military might and armed performance, Commander. You entered the building and found Nat’s team members, who were hidden behind a side wall. You crawled over the dirty floor then blasted that side wall into bits, without seeing our friends. Then the wall dropped down on the entire team killing each individual.”
“Do you have no remorse for your nasty murderous action?” Ty growled. 

I connected, linked, then Tele talked to Rann: The side wall was weak.

Rann reached up and touched his temple, saying out loud to his nobles, dropping his hand back down into his lap. “Did anyone consider the fact maybe the wall was structurally unsound with all the shooting and blasting inside the interior room.”
“Did a single thought occur within your brain cells to gather a group of prisoners while saving their life for a money ransom or an exchange of prisoners?” Ty asked.
Ivan sneered. “She doesn’t consider any ideas but death as she is the brains and the brawn…”
“…and the executor...” Ty nodded.
“Dirk is the brains.” Rann frowned.
He nodded, “Dirk tells her what to do and then she does it her way. May I add with perfection here! She is the perfect killing machine, a venomous vamp, a beautiful woman…”
“We should have been so smart.” Rann laughed then turned winking at Ty.
“Rita is a poor excuse for a vamp, isn’t she, Rann?” He turned and chuckled with Rann and Ivan.
I gasped in shock within my mental thoughts.

Rita is present still existing within the current alien timeline, with my person. I have not seen her body or heard her name, in a while. I was wondering when I was going to become tortured and torment by Viscountess or Queen or Lady Rita. I sighed with pain.

“We sent Rita into Planet Commerce in order to capture Dirk. She can’t find him or his body or his smell.” Ty laughed with his two noble buddies.
I gasped in shock within my mental thoughts.

Here, I sit here. I should stand then race ahead towards the open archway, knocking over Rann, completing my escape plan. I sigh with plan.

Ty sneered at Starra. “What about her?”
Rann smiled at Starra, “She is my hostage.”
“Hostage!” Ivan frowned at Rann. “She is your prisoner, isn’t she?”
“That, too!”
“What are you up to Rann?” Ty turned and frowned at the nose profile on Rann.
Rann looked down and frowned at his unpolished boot toes, exhaling with worry then viewed Starra. “The plan the impossible and I hope that I success.”
“What is it that you wanna succeed in?” Ivan asked.
Rann pointed at Starra with a head nod, “I’m going to use her against Dirk like I had tried to use Rita against the king.”
Ty nodded with a smile. “That’s a brilliant idea!”
Ivan sneered at Starra. “I don’t like it. She is not going to cooperate.”
“She does not have to cooperate, but I need her alive and well. My new order, no harm to our new guest.” Rann slowly stood upright from the chair and nodded to Starra. Ty swiftly stood upright and shook his shoulder length blonde tinted hair curls, slowly collecting the three metal chairs for storage from the dangerous prisoner.
Ivan slowly stood upright from the chair when Ty stole the item. Ivan sneered at Starra with his own set of evil thoughts. Ty exited the room making lots of noise with the three metal chairs, placing them against the side wall, moving down the hallway for his current assignments.
Inside the prisoner room, in front of the open archway, Rann continued to stand and smiled down at Starra. “Do you have a name?” I did not answer or smile or flirt but stared with a stern face back at Rann. He continued to smile with a soft chuckle, “I will find out sooner or later.” He shouted, “Bbot!”
“Yes, Sire.” Bbot addressed then slowly lifted off the floor without moving, hearing the new order.
“Secure the area!” Rann continued to study and grinned at Starra.
The middle screen on Bbot’s belly section started blinking with an array of colored lights in red, blue, and green. Then a set of short and long metal antennas sprung up from each side on its cylinder body looking like a trash can with long hair. “The current region all the way down towards the hallway entrance wall is secured, Prince Rann.” The lights blinked off, but the long hairy wires stayed outside its metal can tracking each buzzing house fly.
He smiled. “The lunch meal will be served to our guest on time and inside her prisoner room.”
“Yes, Sire.” Bbot carefully lifted off the floor then slowly floated ahead, exiting the room, obeying Rann’s commands and steered down an empty hallway of damaged walls and an uneven floor while checking each mite and mouse.
“Thank you!” He said to the robot that was not present then nodded to Starra. “A bot is a wonderful servant, don’t you agree, commander? Enjoy your long-term stay here at my compound, commander.” He spun around then swung back around, grinning at Starra, closing the door with a loud boom, locking the outside latch for security.
“Yes, it is.” I continued to sit and giggled with my new evil plan.

One hour later, on the 12th hour of a sizzling hot and heated mid-afternoon, the hotel door opened emitting more heated air current into the room and revealed a dull-looking steel-coated Bbot.
I stood in front of the row of open windows without the glass, cooling down my heated body. The afternoon air temperatures inside the enclosed room were hotter than Dirk’s anger. I did not need to spin around and acknowledge the robot.
Bbot entered the room holding a large tray with a covered lid over each steaming hot food item, shouting out loud. “Good afternoon, Commander! This particular hour is designated as the lunch time meal, Commander. What is your name? Or do you prefer that I call you, commander, Commander?”
I continued to stand and cooled my body without answering the posed question.
It floated ahead towards the side wall with a long naked wooden table, placing the tray on top of the surface, carefully unloading each food platter and spread each item around the wooden surface for its medical patient. It finished the small task then spun around, blinking an array of colorful lights on its belly screen, recording the body and the words from Starra. “Your lunch meal is ready and displayed on top of the table surface. If you find any food item dissatisfactory, then another food item can be acquired. Have a nice day!”
I almost bust out in laughter but grinned at the open window while my body was being recorded.
After four minutes, Bbot stopped the recording then slowly steered backwards, stopping in the archway, gently closing the door shut. It obeyed Rann’s orders nicely while spying through the tiny holes in the metal door.
Inside the room, I continued to stand and sweated like a plantation pig, wiping off my wet brow, spinning around and stared at the food table. I did not know the rules for a war prisoner, but I was not going to partake of the food items. Anyways, one or all the dishes could be poisoned, since I was the prisoner of Rann and the commander of Dirk’s troopers, who were really killing the citizens. I sighed with murder.
Now, Rann will never believe my words or marry my persona. I sigh with more murder.
I slowly strolled ahead while continuing to wipe the smelly sweat off my wet body, exhaling with annoyance at eh heated weather, the hot room, the hot Rann, and the non-working cold air-conditioning system. I stopped in front of the closed door with a bright smile in silence.
I closed my two gray-tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Focus.
I executed a Tele probe with my telepathy moving my metaphysical body and mind through the closed metal door, down an empty and ugly hallway, stopping in front of the exit doors in red tinted metal also. The local area was ugly-looking but clean and clear of bots and citizens, not bugs. Thousands of bugs resided in each crack on the floor, every wall, and each ceiling plank.
My mind slapped the brain cells back into true reality and as I opened my two eyelashes staring at the metal door, pondering the past, the present, and the future.
Once upon a time, everyone was safe and happy, before loser Dirk took over as the king, now everyone is partying with Prince Rann on the damaged asteroid Resort, except me. I sighed with depression.
Currently, Bbot, the used and abused medical robot, was my solo metal guard, staring at the metal door, recording my movements and words. It sat on top of the uneven floor, inside a silent hallway. I sighed with tasks.
I performed a Tele poke with my telekinesis locating the toggle switch inside the bot then wiggled my hand back and forth, in the heated air waves, using my other hand wiping off pockets of sweat throughout my body. I sighed with misery.

No, I cannot eliminate sweat pockets with my awesome Tele talents.

I flipped the green tinted toggle switch upwards that powered down the robot machine. I executed a Tele catch holding the heavy machine upright on top of the floor, before it hit and then perturbed the lovely quiet sound inside the hallway while making a set of notable tiny dents on the metal door.
I continued to wiggle my hand opening the tiny locked metal door on the robot using my telekinesis. Twisting the dead robot towards the opposite wall, starting my homework assignment. I carefully re-programmed the third nested computer sub-routine for both audio and visual recording tracks first.
I typed my fingers in the air like typing on a computer keyboard, magical adding the words and commands, wearing a smile, “Type this! Type that! End the program!” I smiled and softly chuckled still typing with my fingers in the air, affecting the robot. “Documentation of nothing. Confirmation of nothing. And verification of nothing.” I sighed with brilliance.
I had successfully re-programmed the bot. Bbot would document an event then erase it. The robot would confirm it had documented an event then erase the documented confirmation and record the stored confirmed documented event of nothing down into its memory banks. Then the bot would verify the documented and confirmed event of nothing, completing its mission from Rann.
I continued to smile and softly giggled, “I’m a genius.” I executed a Tele spin returning the robot back to facing the metal door. Then I magical pressed a series of colorful button inside the robot’s panel and reactivated the bot.
Outside the metal door, Bbot stood upright on top of the uneven floor blinking an array of colorful flashing lights on its belly section and wiggling its numerous hairy wiry antennas like a feline cat, checking for an invader or a bug.

A robot does not like bugs either.

Then the bot started spying through each tiny peek hole at Starra, recording her motions and her words while storing nothing but blackness. I sighed with happiness.
I grew tired from my magical work and bored from the lack of entertainment and heated from the hot afternoon, slowly standing upright from the floor, wiping off pockets of sweat from various exposed body parts. I spun around and moved ahead, plopping down on top of the heated linen sheet, pondering an escape plan from a twenty-story open window seal, softly laughing out loud. Then I closed my two eyelashes taking a short catnap. I sighed with desire.

On the 13th hour of a heated, sizzling hot afternoon, where it never rained, the door slammed open and revealed Bbot still recording Starra. She slept on top of the bed mattress without moving. It moved ahead then stopped, staring down at the nice arrangement with platters of cold food. “Good afternoon, Commander! You did not eat your nutritious and delicious meal. Why did you not eat your nutritious and delicious meal?” It spun around and scanned Starra, commenting. “You are very healthy and fit for a mature teenager.
I awake while heard that stunning vocal remark and then gasped in shock, not moving a muscle but listening to the medical bot.
“You are not sick or ill or dead, so you are able to eat, Commander. You need to eat in order to maintain your strength and muscles.” The robot continued to stand and recorded Starra for four more minutes, without talking to Starra, spinning around and stared at the platters of cold food. It slowly started to gather the food item back on the tray with mechanical precision, singing out loud. “Clean up! Clean up! Clean your room and brush your teeth. Clean up! Clean up! Clean it all up!” It finished the task and the kiddie song at the same time, flying sideways, saying out loud. “Have a nice afternoon, Commander!” The bot exited Starra’s room and then closed the door.
I pretended to sleep on the cot, but the robot was a medical bot that was programmed to quickly assess its medical patient, so it knew I was awake but ignored its vocal words. I didn’t move and smiled at the silly song, then flipped over, and cooled my heated body. I might need to surrender, in order, to receive an air-conditioned room, staring at the empty room, exhaling with boredom. I dropped my skull back down on the pillow and stared at the ceiling, pondering my new escape plan.

Three hours later, at the 16th hour of the early heated evening, featuring a red and yellow sunset, with 85°F air temperatures, the hotel door slammed open and revealed Bbot with a new tray of steaming food platters while recording Starra. She stood at one window seal and admired the sinking sun while cooling down her sweaty body, without acknowledging the robot.
It slowly moved into the room and shouted at the back spine on Starra, repeating its programmed words, which had been done by Prince Rann, “Good evening, Commander! This particular hour is designated as the supper time meal, Commander. What is your name? Or do you prefer that I call you, commander, Commander?”
I did not move and studied the ground terrain, plotting my upcoming escape, which was not tonight, as I was exhausted from quickly dripping out my precious water molecules in the air, over the floor, and off my skin tissue. I did not eat the food, but I had to drink water for my survival.
It floated ahead towards the side wall with the same wooden table, placing the tray on top of the surface, carefully unloading each food platter and spread each item around the table surface for its patient. It finished the small task then spun around, blinking an array of colorful lights on its belly screen, recording the body and the words from Starra. “Your supper meal is ready and displayed on top of the table surface. If you find any food item dissatisfactory, then another food item can be acquired. Have a nice evening, Commander!”
I continued to stand in the cool breeze memorizing the layout of the land, watching a new sentry guard assume their new position on the ground while surveying the air molecules, blades of grass, pods of flowers, and each twinkling star. I sighed with difficulty.
After four minutes, Bbot stopped the recording then slowly flew backwards, stopping in the archway, gently closing the hotel door shut, without recording nothing. Then it lowered down to the uneven floor and continued to spy on Starra through the array of peek holes during the evening hours like a good robot from its evil master.

Much later, on the 17th hour of a hot still sizzling heated evening with the nighttime twinkling stars and romantic moonlight, the door slammed open and revealed Bbot still recording Starra. She slept on top of the bed mattress, without moving. It moved ahead then stopped, staring down at the nice arrangement with platters of cold food. “Good evening, Commander! You did not eat your nutritious and delicious meal. Why did you not eat your nutritious and delicious meal?” It spun around and scanned Starra, commenting. “You are very healthy and fit for a mature teenager.”
I was awake and could not sleep from the heated air currents while hearing the same one-side conversation that had been programmed by a deceptive Rann, again, without moving a muscle.
“You are not sick or ill or dead, so you are able to eat, Commander. You need to eat in order to maintain your strength and muscles.” The robot continued to stand and recorded Starra for four more minutes, without talking to Starra, spinning around and stared at the platters of cold food. It slowly started to gather the food item back on the tray with mechanical precision, singing out loud. “Clean up! Clean up! Clean your room and brush your teeth. Clean up! Clean up! Clean it all up!” It finished the task and the kiddie song at the same time, flying sideways, saying out loud. “Good night, Commander!” The bot exited Starra’s room and then closed the door.
I did not move but wiped off the sweat balls with the dry part of the bed linen truly pondering a complete surrender for a nice air-conditioned room of cold air molecules. Rann’s personal torture method was working perfectly. But I was a tough guy then flipped over, closing both of my two eyelashes, accessing my telemetabolics and lowered my body temperatures, where my body enjoyed the heat and my mind drifted into a deep slumber. I sighed with relief.

Three days later…


Alien Day 123


Hotel prison room location
Bed mattress location
Pale blue sky without clouds and sizzling 87°F
8th hour (early morning)


I had endured the heat waves and endeared the robot invasion hearing the door slam open once again while listening for its repeating lecture for two long days and longer nights.
I rested on my back spine and did not stare up at the ceiling planks with a pair of closed eyelashes, softly humming away the boredom and then blowing each one of the rolling sweat balls off my face.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
A tall shadow of flesh, bone, and blood stood inside the archway. I opened one eyelash then rolled that eyeball towards the open archway, staring at a human, not a robot. I sat upright and surveyed my new guest.
“So, you’re the big bad commander leading King Dirk’s troops.” A tall, slender, blonde-haired, blue-eyed mature female moved from an empty hallway then stopped in the middle of the room hogging up the cool wind breeze, staring down at Starra. “I once attended the Royal Committee and served with King Dirk, before this silly Civil War. I find him an exciting man. What’s your opinion?” Starra did not answer. The unnamed woman smiled, “I was wondering. Is there something between you and King Dirk?” She laughed. “I guess not.” She gently touched her chest with a nod to Starra. “I am Viscountess Rita from the planet of Tech. Aren’t going to converse with me either?” She nodded with soft laughter. “Ivan told me you were stubborn. I can become your friend. Believe me, sweetie! You need friends on this planet, at least one or maybe two.”
I was in danger and not from Rann. Rita had never been my friend from any alien timeline, since I had accidentally crash-landed in the Earth space shuttle ship within this universe. I sighed with danger.
“I can’t reveal information about our campsite. The data is secret. But I can say you are not very popular here, Commander. As a matter of fact, you are both hated and loathed.” She laughed then thumbed back behind her collar bone. “I took the liberty and brought your lunch meal. The food is very good quality coming from Planet Agri. I don’t want to give you the impression that the food is drugged or something, because it is not. The chow comes straight from the kitchen. Rann eats it himself. Did you know this place used to a hotel building? Rann does everything to feed, house, and shelter us, during this silly Civil War.”
I did enjoy hearing all the extra information but not coming from the messenger. I performed a Tele probe on Rita. Her mind was opened while understanding that the food plates were delicious and harmless to a welcomed guest. However, I was hungry. I sighed with danger.
She leaned over and pointed at the side closet door. “That closed door contains blankets, pillows, and linens. There is not any cold air-conditioning, but I guess you have figured that out. Your once nicely ironed and neatly pressed military uniform is going to get hot and heated on your sweating body. I will find something else for you to wear, since you are going to be our guest for a while per Rann’s orders.”
My ripped and torn wool uniform was hot and itchy against my healing body.
Rita continued to stare at Starra with a fake smile. “I usually don’t compliment a citizen. I don’t like you, but I’m making an exception in this case. You are very beautiful. I can see Rann’s fascination with you. Know this, sweetie! He is mine! I will kill for that man.” She hissed then faked a smile. “Ivan finds you to be a competent and brilliant warrior with the war strategy. I told him that Dirk is the brains. But Ivan insists giving you some credit for your vicious implementation of intimidating and then eliminating the enemy. After all, you have managed to blow up quite a few of our food and supply and equipment facilities minus the citizen deaths. A king needs a general, isn’t that correct?” She nodded with a soft chuckle. “I’m complimenting you. Aren’t you going to say something back?” She exhaled with annoyance. “There aren’t many nobles left in the universe. Dirk controls all the planets on his other side of the Wall. If Rann did not own the planet of Sahara, the war would be over. He is worth trillions of currs and can buy anything he wants. Tok hates your guts, but he does admit that he respects your rank. A woman leading an army. You do rate high in his book on that.”
Tok was very direct noble using both his emotions and insights towards people, places, and pets. He did not play games or mutter insignificant antidotes. I liked Tok and respected his brute strength and sharp mind as six feet and seven inches noble male, when he was not intoxicated with spirits of delight.
“Don’t I get a thank you or at least a nod!” She laughed. “Enjoy your day, Commander!” Rita slowly back stepped from the room while still watching Starra, slamming the door shut without a fight or a body injury. She was still well-mannered, mean, and vile. I sighed with death.
I deeply, truly loved Rann but I could not help him, since he did not seem to love me, but wanted to use me for his personal gain. I hated Dirk but couldn’t kill him. Geez! I scratched my healing sweaty body beneath the ripped wool fabric. I sighed with heat.
I stood from the bed then padded to the open window, feeling more heat while calculating the angle of the solar sun shadow which was close to eight in the morning and sweated like a plantation pig. My uniform was ruined, after tearing both of long sleeves completely off each collar bone, ripping the high neck collar off the jacket. I cleared more of the hot fabric from my wet neck removing my boots. I sighed with doom.
I was not traveling anywhere soon, if I understood Rann’s warning and Rita’s explanation. Through the window, I watched the march of the sentry guards over the flat dirt and around each parallel tower building. Every twenty feet a guard unit stopped then stood toting a maser, a sword, rows of darts, a comfone, and a short club as ordered by General Ivan, who knew his job as a good protector of Prince Rann. I sighed with death.

Alien Day 124


Hotel prison room location
Bed mattress location
Pale blue sky without clouds and sizzling 84°F
7th hour (early morning)


The bright and heated sunlight hit then warmed both of my naked with instant heat awaking me from a light slumber as I was still a prisoner of Rann.
The hotel door opened emitting more heated air currents into the room and revealed a dull-looking steel-coated Bbot floating inside a holding a large tray with an individual covered lid over each steaming hot food item, shouting out loud, stopping in front of the wooden table. “Good morning, Commander! This particular hour is designated as the breakfast time meal, Commander. What is your name? Or do you prefer that I call you, commander, Commander?”
I sat upright and dangled both of my naked legs off the bed, scooting towards the shady side on the bed mattress while staring at the back spine on the robot.
The robot quickly unpacked the tray and strategically placed each food plate over the naked wooden surface, spinning around, recording Starra, flashing an array of colorful lights on its belly screen and then recorded the body and the words from Starra.
I pretended to care and waved both of my hands near my bright smile, stuck my tongue out, picked one wet slimy boogie, which was real, and then blew a kiss to the robot, where none of my silly actions were records as I had deprogrammed Rann’s program. I laughed out loud.
Bbot stopped recording and then stated. “Your breakfast meal is ready and is displayed on top of the table surface. If you find any food item dissatisfactory, then another food item can be acquired. Have a nice day, Commander!” It slowly flew backwards then stopped outside the open archway, gently closing the door shut. Then it spied on Starra through each tiny hole in the metal door.
I stared at each food platter without using my Tele talents but my two nose holes while smelling the cooked bacon, fresh baked apple bread, ripen fruit pieces, and delicious pastries. My stomach growled and as my tongue licked the air waves without tasting an ounce of real food.

How long have I been resisting Rann, acting like a prisoner of war, and starving to death for the cause or to kill Dirk first?

I did or did not care that Rann had poisoned or drugged the food. I slid off the mattress and padded to the food table, scanning each food platter. The drifting heated steam hit my face and as my nose holes enjoy the moment, not my stomach.
I was both a prisoner and a hostage used in some type of negotiation for peace or medical supplies or food stuffs or forced slavery. I sighed with annoyance.
A prisoner of war does not eat or sleep or talk or enjoys torture.
Well, I was a good prisoner and I was not talking or eating or getting tortured, but I was sleeping throughout the day and night from the waves of hot and heated sizzling air temperatures.
I whispered, “This ain’t my day.”
I was not going to cooperate ever as a prisoner of war. I sighed with honor.
If I cooperated in any format, Rann would trust and then use me against Dirk. Then Dirk would become very anger and kill Rann for my noblette cooperation. I sighed with doom.
I wiped the sweat balls off my wet face then spun around, padding ahead into the semi-dark wall corner, where the rays of bright sunlight didn’t heat the wall or the floor. I spun around and dropped down, exhaling with annoyance, leaning my rear skull against the cool wall. I closed my two eyelashes and pondering nothing but an air-conditioning unit.

One hour later, at the 9th hour, Bbot slams the door open and floated inside the archway, staring at Starra. She continued to sit in the wall corner in a catnap. “Good morning, Commander! Good afternoon, Prince Rann!”
Rann stood behind the robot and stared into the room, wiping the sweat balls off his wet face, “Disengage, Bbot! How is my prisoner?”
The robot did not bother to spun around to face its master as it could see 360 degrees of vision from its metal eyeballs. “Your prisoner is in excellent health but not eating her nutritious meals. She will live with a nice touch of tender loving care.”
I opened both of my eyelashes and heard the conversation then giggled with delight. “I’m brilliant.”
“Thank you for the medical assessment. You are dismissed but stood in the hallway for my assistance,” he softly chuckled with the idea that any injury teenager could attack an older male.
I swiftly stood upright from the floor then dashed ahead from the wall corner, sitting on the bed mattress, crossing my legs, looking pretty hot in dripping sweat balls. I softly giggled at my silly situation.

I am a prisoner inside a heated room with a handsome guy.

However, I was not going to tattle anything during my first intimidation…naw…interrogation because I did not know anything.
Rann smoothly strutted inside then stopped in the middle of the room, appearing handsome and fit, wearing the open vest with his ripped, sweaty arms muscles, a pair of walking shorts, and a pair of bare feet. Tiny perspiration droplets of sweat dripped down from his face, neck, and then down his chest.
I swooned with love. I sighed with true love.
“Hello, Commander.” He smiled then spun around, moving to the food table, grabbing a plate of food and swung around to Starra. He placed the food on the side nightstand. He back stepped then grabbed the single chair, scooting it towards the Starra, sitting down. “I understand from my staff members that you are not eating. This is not good for me.” He consumed one of the sweaty grapes then swallowed staring at Starra. He exhaled then inhaled, shaking his bone skull. “Is the food not to your liking? Do you require a different menu?” He smiled again. “I have to warn you that our medical wing is not as sterile clean or fully equipped with medicines, bots, and supplies, which you are accustomed under the kingship of Dirk on Commerce. But I get the impression that you don’t visit the medical ward often.”
Dirk mentioned Rann’s Tele abilities were peaking. I find it hard to resist him as Rann possessed excellent people skills built within his people personality. No woman can resist his charm. No man can resist his command.
I had witnessed that princely fact in every alien timeline while trying hard to resist his manly man’s charm in this new alien timeline, inside this room, on this planet, within this universe. I sigh withed true love.
“I find it absolutely amazing your head wound has healed in two days.”
I desired to smile, talk, grunt, and wiggle, but I was his prisoner. Rann desired my information about Dirk, his army, and his war. I did not possess data for Rann. Dirk had selected the targets, the troops, and the times. I only followed his orders. I didn’t know the compounds, bases, ranks, names, supplies, shipments, and other stuff that Rann could use against Dirk. I sighed with dumbness.
Dirk ordered me to my Tele powers destroying rows of empty buildings and then harm the innocent citizens, which led to my capture by Rann.
However, I will use my Tele powers against Dirk. I have developed but not implemented my new brilliant escape plan. I sigh with smartness.
“Alas! I would like to stay and finish my one-sided conversation with you, Commander. But I have a war to run.” He grinned. “Jokes aren’t my specialty.” He leaned over and invaded her air space. “You are a very defiant personality. I have greatly underestimated your talents. So, I guess I must implement Plan B.” I sighed with suspense.
He leaned closer and whispered into her earlobe. “By the way, I know you are planning an escape. Your movements have been most logical. I would be doing the same thing, if I were a captive in my possession.” He swiftly stood from the chair as it flung against the wall while softly chuckling down at Starra. “I wish you luck, Commander. Have a good day!” He bowed to her then spun around, strutting from her room, into the hallway. “Bbot, assume your position!”
Bbot came back into the room, stopped, and stared down at the nice arrangement with platters of cold food. “Good morning, Commander! You did not eat your nutritious and delicious meal. Why did you not eat your nutritious and delicious meal?” It spun around and scanned Starra, commenting. “You are very healthy and fit for a mature teenager.”
I sat on the bed mattress with a smile while thinking about Rann. I sighed with marriage.
“You are not sick or ill or dead, so you are able to eat, Commander. You need to eat in order to maintain your strength and muscles.” The robot continued to stand and recorded Starra for four more minutes, without talking to Starra, spinning around and stared at the platters of cold food. It slowly started to gather the food item back on the tray with mechanical precision, singing out loud. “Clean up! Clean up! Clean your room and brush your teeth. Clean up! Clean up! Clean it all up!” It finished the task and the kiddie song at the same time, flying sideways, saying out loud. “Good night, Commander!” The bot exited Starra’s room and then closed the door.
I did not move but wiped off the sweat balls with my hand wearing a smile while truly pondering a complete surrender to Rann getting a nice air-conditioned room of cold air molecules, to boot. I sighed with marriage.

On the 15th hour of an early evening slowly creating a beautiful sunset of reds and yellows without clouds and 91°F, a series of loud sirens blew then whistled as the comfones blared with the words, “Air raid! Air raid! Air raid…”
I leaped off the cot then dashed to the open window, viewing a fleet of small zipper ships, medium-sized carrier ships and a few passenger ships in the pale blue sky approaching in an attack formation towards the row of occupied hotel buildings here on damaged Resort.
I nodded with a whisper at the attacking force, “Well, I can speak to no body. Dirk knows that I am located here, because Rann has a spy in his compound, which is…”
Boom! A single blast slammed into the rooftop on my building sending parts of indigo colored roof tiles raining down crashing on the ground. I must get killed as the first target of any air raid was the tallest building that housed the penthouse suite, where I was lounging the heated air waves.
“Time for an escape!” I whispered into the breeze then spun around, performing a Tele slam on the door with my telekinesis. Bbot was gone as the bio-medical robot was needed on the ground treating the injured and dying warriors. So, Bbot could override Rann’s constructed prisoner sub-routines. I smiled at the open archway becoming free like a bird with wings.

I mentally flashed backwards within the second alien timeline, when Prince Rann had captured me on Planet Resort.

Loud noises erupted down the corridor interrupting my daydream. “I have company.” Ivan was a smart noble, but Rann was a smarter prince. I dashed through the doorway then turned, performing a Tele run down an empty hallway, swinging each one of my arms even with the floor holding my folded fist, hitting the two taller guards and then flung each one against the side wall, laughing out loud. “My passage to freedom is near.”
I bolted down to the hallway towards an open door seeing the balcony, scanning the sun rays, the chairs, the swimming pool, the towel rack, and moving people. I raced through the archway then performed a Tele leap in the air, landing down on the row of warriors, knocking them unconscious and stood over the bodies. Taking a second survey of the balcony, I viewed non-moving people, row of swimming jackets, tubes of fun swimming toys, and a long rope that was used to draw a rope cord contained crowd controls of the rough and rowdy hotel guests.
I stretched out my hand and performed a Tele-grab getting the rope and ripping out each metal stand from the cement platform, flinging the rope cord over the side of the balcony. The last metal stand hit the side wall on the fifth level balcony location. 

I can’t jump down that descending height with a weak body and a worried mind, without dying, ya’ll.

I stretched out my hand again and executed a Tele grab, getting a short towel covering both of my naked palms, using my telekinesis, starting to rappel down the rope cord and landed on the new balcony surface, laughing with a smile. I spun around and crouched down low hiding behind a sitting chair, gathering again my limited Tele strength, breathing heavy from the bold and brave excursion. I slowly upright from the floor and moved ahead to the side wall, peeking down at the ground, performing a Tele somersault in the air, executing a Tele dive position, landing on my booted feet and tucked my kneecaps into my chest, rolling over the patch of soft green. I stopped tumbling then unfolded, resting on top of the soft green, shouting out loud. “I’m free.”
Jumping upright from the ground using my telekinesis then landed on my booted feet for my escape. I gasped at the obstacle in my pathway staring at Rann. He was standing parallel to my pose one hundred feet away, wearing a grin, holding a stun maser in his right shooting hand and a sword in his left. He stood in a self-defense stance readying for a fight.
As usual, I was unarmed without a weapon for an offensive attack or defensive stance. I sighed with disappointment.
Rann smiled. “Hello, Commander.”
“Stang!” I yelled in frustration.
“Have you ever heard the ancient expression: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer?”
Yeah, that statement was used on Planet Earth, where I had never needed to use, but it did apply today. Rann was clever with the old Earth terms and could spit them out appropriately during the right crisis. This was definitely the right crisis. I sighed with inconvenience.
I wondered if Rann had ever visited Planet Earth and if he would like to visit the planet in the future, since I greatly desired to be present on Planet Earth right now.
“You are my number one enemy, Commander. I plan to keep you as close to me as possible.” He slowly strutted to Starra, who was unharmed and unarmed.
“This ain’t my day.” I whispered.
I need to go and kill Dirk, before the Civil War goes into overtime. Anyhow, Dirk knows the truth. I am alive and he isn’t looking to help but kill me. I sigh with distraction.
I will not involve Rann in my fight with Dirk, because I truly love Rann. But he doesn’t know that or remember Starra here within the new sixth timeline. Only if I can marry Rann, then he will remember everything about me and all the alien timelines. I sigh with marriage.
I glanced at the low horizon creating an array of red and yellow sunbeams over the rough patches of green grass and black dirt, which was a nice foto of a romantic day, at a late evening dinner with the man that I love. I sighed with daydreaming.
My eyeballs noted several semi-crooked rows of Rann’s soldiers fighting with Dirk’s troopers as dancing children with worried parents run to the ground shelters. I flipped back and viewed Rann. He did not seem to notice the loud commotion around his body and calmly walked to Starra, like a stroll in the park on a warm Sunday afternoon. I sighed with panic.
I spun around and viewed the damaged hotel building that I had just jumped down from eliminating that option. If I climb back up the hotel floor, then I will become trapped by all the guards running up and down the corridors, after Dirk’s troopers.
 The other option is to fight against Rann. I really desire not to harm Rann, but I have no choice.
Beams of blue, green, yellow, and red maser waves peppered the empty space between Rann and Starra. Rann jumped backwards from the burning grass, then stopped, crouching down on one knee scanning the dull skyline for an additional maser wave. I sighed with duty.
I bolted ahead in panic and determination, running to the side, heading towards two hotel buildings, which were broken, battered, and damaged from citizen neglect, citizens war battles, and old age as a garrison of Rann’s soldiers appeared from the corner.
“This ain’t my day.” I halted and scanned each hotel building assessing my limited options, racing towards the side undamaged wall on the second building that held a hidden zipper ship on the rooftop. Of course, I viewed it with my telepathy like a good Tele Mistress.
Stacks of wooden boxes kissed the side wall going all the way up to the third floor. I started climbing each sturdy box my telekinesis talent as I was not a natural athletic and then reached the third level balcony surface standing on top of an empty new sun patio. I viewed scattered rows of more extremely damaged buildings that looked unsafe to hide and more huddles of fighting soldiers. So, I dashed around the patio to the opposite side wall, slamming into more wooden boxes, grunting in pain. I back stepped then hid behind the wall of boxes seeing a fleet of damaged ship, more huddle of fighting soldiers, and the back spine on Rann. He continued to crouch for safety avoiding the rain of colorful maser beans.
I laughed with delight. “That boy must possess nine life times as well as his weak and unknown Tele powers. However, Rann is not fast enough today, sweetheart.” I blew out an invisible kiss into the windy breeze to Rann, my true love. Then I spun around and faced the direction of Planet Commerce, sneering into the wind. “Dirk, you’re next on my list. I’m coming for you, boy.”
I swung back around and viewed the new side wall that held numerous balcony surfaces with stacks of ancient wooden boxes, performing a Tele jump with my telekinesis, landing on the sixth level balcony on top of an uneven platform of boxes. I wobbled then staggered my balance, landing down on my naked kneecaps painfully. The boxes were designed from sturdy tree wood but aged with rot and time of decades.
“This ain’t my day.” I whispered and slowly stood upright wobbling sideways, targeting the ninth level balcony surface that, of course, contained additional tall stacks of wooden boxes.
I closed my two gray-tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I performed a Tele leap in the air then a Tele land falling on my naked, bruised kneecaps, opening my two eyelids, stumbling forward into the concrete wall, and then quickly extended both of my palms stopping my momentum, before smashing my nose bridge. I felt dizziness attack my eyesight within my head while experiencing weakness. “What’s wrong with me?”
Lack of energy comes from the lack of food. I had not eaten a bit of food in two days and nights as the capture enemy by Rann. The current time is the 15th hour of an early evening. So, 42 hours had passed without a single bit of food inside my stomach feeding my body full of energy. I had been drinking fresh water to maintain my body fluids and resting on top of the naked bed mattress. I had been sleeping too much due to the heat air molecules and the lack of cooling air waves which had contributed to my laziness and non-physical exercises. The Tele dive down from the hotel floor had drained more of my limited Tele energy than I realized.
I closed my two gray-tinted eyelashes. Breath in. Breath out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.

Take one box at a time, be slow and cautious!

I focused at the next landing spot of the fifth wooden box with my telepathy then executed a Tele leap in the air using my telekinesis clearing the edge of the box, landing against the solid wall, grunting in pain without smashing my nose. Dizziness quickly invaded my eyeballs again and as I felt tingles in both of my legs and arms while shaking uncontrollable. I exhaled with heavy breathes and performed a Tele-clear cleaning my mind and body using my telemetabolics, continuing my Tele-climb to freedom. I sighed with escape.
I looked up and viewed the thirteenth balcony level with more wooden boxes. If I continued to climb and reached the rooftop, then I could fly away in that ship. However, I viewed two more empty balcony platforms to jump then climb into, before reaching the set of unguarded rooftop tiles.
I closed my two gray-tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
Within my telepathic mind, I targeted my landing spot on the sixth wooden box, holding my breath, performing a Tele leap then landed on spot, falling on my naked, bruised, and cut kneecaps almost kissing the wood panels with my lips. I exhaled in hard and short breathes.
I closed my two eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I slowly stood upright on shaky legs, extending one arm, touching the cement block with my cupped palm which led over into an empty terrace. I started pulling my heavy body up against rough concrete wall while willing my mind and my body free from the pain. I sighed with escape.
A soft palm grabbed her arm jerking Starra upright into the cool wind breeze, clearing the stack of rotten boxes and the wall of rough cement blocks, landing on her feet on top of even hard deck.
The action was so swift that my vison still blurred in tiny stars and stripes of bright white and yellow colors. I stumbled forward into my rescuer and experienced blindness within both of my eyeballs and a state of dizziness in my head, and weakness in both kneecaps. A pair of strong biceps embraced Starra holding her back spine and neck with smooth palms. I was grateful for the hug as I could not stand upright on my own two feet, without collapsing down onto the brick patio in exhaustion.
“Thanks!” I whispered and continued to breath both hard and short air molecules feeling shocked and surprised from the unnatural maneuver and dizzying thrill ride.
“Hello, again, Commander.” Rann whispered into Starra’s eardrum then pulled back, admiring his captive again.
I popped open my two eyelids seeing a pair of brown tinted happy eyeballs and a sappy smirk, feeling panic, weak and trapped. I jerked my arms from his gripe and launched a foot into his kneecaps, but my two kneecaps buckled with weakness. I tried to scream as a set of musically puffs of short breaths filled the air without sound.
He leaned down and huffed a set of warm breathes into her earlobe. “You’re a delightful surprise for me. I rather enjoyed watching your amazing stunts. But, for now, you need to rest.”
Something pinched my shoulder blade feeling like a pin prick. New state of dizziness filled my eyeballs then numbness spread through my weak, tired body. I closed my two gray-tinted eyelashes and dropped down limp into his biceps.

Alien Day 125


Prisoner room setting
Pale blue sky without clouds and 83°F
7th hour (early morning)


The hotel room door slammed open and revealed a dull-looking Bbot, who had survived the air raid yesterday along with numerous citizens. “Good morning, Commander,” the robot entered the room with a new tray of food items and advanced to the side wall, without slamming into the wooden table, spreading the platters around the surface, replenishing the water pitcher in silence.
I rested on my stomach muscles from another heated night when my neurons kicked my brain cells into consciousness.
My Tele sense pinged. Everything is fine.
I flipped my face and stared at the metal spine on the robot not hearing its usual set of robotic questions about the meal and my person while frowning at the hovering silver tinted trashcan. I had successful failed in escaping my imprisonment coming from lack of food while creating the lack of energy within my limited Tele talents. So, I have changed my mind as I am a hungry and angry girl. I sigh with depression.
Bbot finished its morning task in silence then flew backwards without hitting the side wall, exiting into the hallway, slamming the door shut.
I sat upright on top of the cot and stared at each streaming white cloud of heat that hovered over each closed lid of food. Then the prison door slowly eased opened again making a set of creepy creaks. I tensed in worry regarding my new visitor which might be my old enemy Rita.
A childish voice spoke into the room. “Hello there!” The door slammed against the wall hitting the plaster materials, dropping broken particles down on the floor. The new guest was a small child marching into the room leading three other little girls then the line of children stopped, facing Starra, smiling with soft giggles. I sighed with intrigue.
Each girl wore a slight dirty pink tinted short, sleeveless dress, a pair of bare feet, and a pink tinted ribbon in the hair. The first girl was short and possessed a head of blonde tinted pigtails, a tone of pale skin, and a pair of green eyes. The second girl was the tallest child, displaying a head of red hair in a high ponytail, a tone of pink tinted skin, and a pair of blue eyes. The third child was shorter than the tallest girl but taller than the other two children, wearing a head of brown tinted short curls, a tone of brown tinted skin, a pair of brown tinted eyes. The fourth child was the smallest and featured a tone of amber colored skin, a set of amber colored pigtails, and a pair of amber colored eyes. 
The tallest girl performed a nice ankle curtsey and smiled to Starra. “Hello! My name is Ada. My dad told us that you were very sad about the war. So, we have all come here and cheer you up.”
I gasped in shock then darted my eyeballs to the open archway. Rann appeared and stood with a smile against the door frame, watching the four children. I nodded with a smile in silence to each child without alarming the little girl with danger or meanness.
“Hi! I’m Peg.” The first child with two blonde ponytails smiled and performed a knee curtsey to Starra.
“Good morning! My name is Rea.” The third child with brown hair smiled and performed an ankle curtsey to Starra.
The littlest girl padded ahead wearing a smile then stopped, extending her tiny hand to Starra. “Kit. Do you wanna be my new friend?”
I smiled and touched her delicate hand with my two finger pads, “Yes, I do.” She giggled and wiggled into a girly dance. I dropped my hand and as my two eyeballs darted back to Rann. He stood upright and crossed his arms, watching the four children.
Kit smiled, “You’re very pretty. What’s your name?”
“My name is Starra.” I signed with surrender.
Each girl giggled then slapped a hand over the parted lips. Rann smiled then spun around, leaving the door open, padding down the hallway without the four little girls.
“We brought gifts for you. Bbot, come in here now!” Kit spun around and pointed at the archway, slowly moving ahead. Bbot appeared and floated into the room holding a tray with numerous pink tinted wrapped boxes then stopped. Kit started gathering each box, until the crooks of her two folded arms were full slowly twirling around, dropping some of the boxes down on the floor.
“Thank you!” I slid off the bed then gently landed down on top of the hard floor, observing the four girls.
“Forget the gifts! Let’s eat! I’m hungry.” The tallest girl named Ada with the red tinted ponytail swirled around with a smile and attacked the food table, eating from the food platters without a proper eating utensil.
Rea with the brown tinted curls spun around nodding with a smile, “The food smells yummy,” she moved ahead to the food table also, stopping on the opposite side, eating with her ten naked fingers also.
Kit squatted down and spilled all the gifts, sitting down, reaching for the closet box. “No breakfast for me yet. What’s inside this box?” She ripped off the paper.
Peg sat down and shouted to the robot. “Bbot, bring a table cloth for us!” She reached out and grabbed to two boxes, ripping open the delicate pink paper. The bot flew backwards from the room and entered the hallway for a few seconds, coming back with an unfolded white tinted soft blanket, placing down on the floor. The two girls shuffled onto the softer fabric while holding two opened gifs. Starra scooted from the hard floor onto the softer padding, smiling at the curious children.
Rea opened her box first and lifted the items. “Look! The box is filled with colorful, soft satin ribbons. Wow! There is ribbons for you, Starra.”
“Those are ribbons for you. Use the proper words, Rea.” Ada continued to stand at the table and consumed the food items while making a mess on her dress, her hands, and on the floor.
She smiled and wrestled with the soft ribbons. “Those ribbons are for your hair like we use on our hair too.”
“Wow! You got a hair brush in this box,” Kit twirled the item in her hand and smiled at Starra. “Can I brush your hair?”
“Yes, you may.” I smiled with a nod. Rea combed the thick, tough tangles out of my long bushy silver hair. I sighed with pain.
 Peg opened the second box and started lifting each item. “Wow! You got a bottle of perfume and a bottle of oil. My mom uses this oil,” she continued to open each box. “And you got lots and lots of gem stone jewelry. I love jewelry too.”
“Yes, you may brush my hair.” I grinned to Kit. She stood then moved ahead, standing behind Starra, racking the bristles through her long bushy silver tinted hair strands.
Peg scattered the items over the blanket then opened the bottle, pouring oil over Starra’s naked arm. “Oo! The oil smells pretty like you,” she giggled. I smiled.

For three hours, on the 10th hour of mid-day, Starra and her four friends poured yellow scented oils in aroma of fruit and flowers over each naked leg, arm, collar bones, and cheekbones. Starra’s long hair strands held numerous colored ribbons from the crown skull down to the tips of her curls waving like wild flowers during a cool wind breeze flowing through the heated room. The gem stones were cut diamonds in the form of long dangling necklaces, clip earrings, wrist and ankle bone bracelets while making Starra a sight to behold.
I ripped half of the stinky uniform then glistened in oily skin shining in the morning sunlight having a wondering time with the four children. Each little girl presented a nice, kind, and polite manner. Bbot appeared in the archway then ordered the children back home. Each little girl hugged and presented a sisterly peck on Starra’s wet cheekbone, leaving the room. Then the robot started cleaning up the messy floor and the table surface, without singing its silly song.
I didn’t sit on the bed mattress without making the dirty bed linens smell worse and occupied the lonely chair, watching the robot work while smiling at the fun time with the little girls.
Bbot finished cleaning up the spilled perfume, extra hair ribbons, and all the used breakfast dishes that was scattered on the blanket and over the hard floor surface, leaving the room without closing the door.
“Hello, Starra!” Rann stood inside the open archway with a smile. “This is much better. Wouldn’t you agree? You appear half-way presentable now.” He entered the room and then stopped standing in front of Starra, leaning over, pretending to sniff her body. He stood upright with smile. “Hmm! You do smell better also. I believe the lavatory is working properly in your private room, but I will have Bbot check for any malfunction.” He chuckled at her almost princess appearance with the rows of diamonds. “And I do recall that a war prisoner is not required to bath, but he or she is often encouraged to bath at least once-per-night.”
I continued to sit without a facial expression. I must have really smelled bad, since I continued to wear then rip off pieces of my shredded dark blue military uniform for three days while sweating like a pig that covered half my body. I had not bathed either, since I didn’t wanna bath. I tried to stink up the room, the floor, the hallway, the wing, and finally the entire building, so they would release me from my prisoner room then leaving asteroid Resort. I had managed to accomplish one goal, maybe two. I had gotten Rann’s attention. I sighed with true love.
I exhaled with annoyance and rubbed the oil into my dry skin, glittering like a diamond in the sunlight with all the jewelry while frowning at Rann, “You tricked me.”
“Of course, I tricked you. I was deeply concerned about your welfare. After all, I am using you to get to Dirk.” He softly chuckled.
“After all, you had used little children as your pawns.”
He nodded with a soft chuckle. “And who could resist her cute adorable little face with her two bouncy pigtails, her wide smile, and her happy giggles? I can’t. I would give each little girl anything her little heart’s desires.”
I could not resist Rann either. “I would also.” I smiled. I sighed with true love.
“As a matter of fact, I can’t resist a big girl with their long curls and soft giggles.” Starra blushed.
Bbot appeared in the archway then steered through the air towards the wooden table, totting a try of new food items.
Rann did not stare at the robot or the food tray, “I see you have received your mid-day meal. May I join you for lunch?” 
O please! Like I was going to object or reject the man of my heart, but I played it cool sitting in the chair. “If you wish…”
“Bbot, a sitting table, two chairs, and a proper plate setting for two.” He ordered and still smiled down at Starra.
Bbot quickly obeyed with the request coming back into the room, providing a new table, two chairs, and a side table of streaming food times creating a nice ambiance environment. The robot flew backwards then blocked the doorway like a good metal servant.
I stood upright and smiled at Rann. He back stepped from Starra dashing around the small table, pulling out one of the chairs. I strolled ahead to the offered chair then sat down, helping Rann shove the seat into the table edge, wiggling with nervousness as a teenager girl. He quickly paced around the opposite side then sat down, smiling at Starra over the empty plates.

Rann is always the gentleman in the crowd, the room, and the universe. I sigh with true love.

I smiled. “Thank you.” I was starving to death without implementing my new plan of eating. The four children were adorable but hungry consuming all the breakfast food items but a piece of dry toast.
“You’re most welcome, Starra. Do you eat steak?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Bbot, fill the plates, please.” He ordered and continued to stare at Starra. Bbot filled then placed a plate in front of each citizen then started to land down on the floor. Rann ordered, “Leave us!” The robot halted then flew backwards clearing the floor base, exiting the room and then closed the door. I sighed with danger.
I cut off then placed a small piece of the steak inside my mouth as the juices tinkled my taste buds with pleasure but not as much as Rann did. I swallowed the tiny lump then smiled at Rann. “The food is delicious.”
“Thank you! I enjoy surprising my guests.” He cut off a small piece of steak then ate chewing.
“I enjoy being surprised.” I flirted then ate another tiny piece of steak, chewing.
He swallowed the food then smiled without nasty food particles between his front teeth, “I must tell. You’re a delightful surprise for me.” He cut, ate, and then chewed only tiny sliver of steak.
Well, I am the enemy here. I swallowed the lump of food then smiled. “Is that a good thing for me or for you?” I performed the batting of each eyelash and flirted for fun with Rann while my real goal was to implement a successful escape and then rid the universe of King Dirk. I ate another sliver of steak, chewing fast then swallowed the food item using my southern lady manners. I sighed with marriage.
He swallowed the food then smiled, “I believe it is a good thing for the both of us.”
“Is that so?”
“I am hosting a gala dance and dinner ball on tomorrow night for all of my guests. Do you enjoy dancing, Starra?” He picked at the garden salad with the fork still staring at Starra.
“I love to dance especially with a partner of equal skill.”
“I do, as well.”
“However, I am your war prisoner. Am I allowed to attend your dance and dine at your gala ball tonight?” I was slightly worried about Rita’s nasty deadly threat but felt safe with Rann. I sighed with marriage.
“I am the prince. Each person, including a prisoner, can attend, dance and dine at my gala ball.” He played with the pile of mashed potatoes without eating or taking his eyes off Starra.
“Since you are the prince and you allow a prisoner to dance and dine at your gala ball, will I be safe?” Yeah, my guts were worried about a nasty Rita, who would attend the same ball with me too.
“You will definitely be safe. And I will see to your safety personally.” He smiled.
I trusted Rann, not Rita. I picked at the food plate and played with the piece of steak on the fork as my inner emotions skyrocketed with the deep emotions of affection and flirtation. I couldn’t take my eyes off Rann and didn’t feel like eating the meal experiencing a set of mixed emotions. I sighed with true love.
Rann did not bother to finish his lunch meal and dropped the fork and the napkin down into the plate of food, standing quickly, smiling at Starra. “I’m afraid I have appointments to keep. I truly enjoyed your company for lunch this afternoon, Starra.” He walked around the table approaching Starra. She started to stand and greet Rann when her diamond bracelet caught at the dangling tablecloth on the chair arm falling forward, gasping in shock. He reached out and grabbed both of her arms ripping the cloth from the arm chair, cuddling her into his face. I sighed with embarrassment.
He smiled, “Thank you for the lunch meal. I really enjoyed our conservation together, Starra.” Rann did not release her and continued to sweet breath into her face with a whisper. “I regret here that I cannot dine with you tonight. I have a war to run and battle officers to attend. Bbot will provide you another excellent meal in my place, Starra.”
“I don’t believe the meal can replace you, Rann.” I blushed with my girly innocence.
“I will return personally to escort you to the dance and dinner ball tomorrow night.” He released her then leaned down, tenderly kissing her hand, standing upright without releasing her hand and then spun them around. His back spine faced the open archway.
I swooned with love, “I will feel safe in your arms at the gala dance and dinner ball tomorrow night.” I sighed with marriage.
Rann slowly padded backwards with a smile then halted, bowing at his fit waistline to Starra, standing upright and then continued to walk backwards, exiting the room, spinning around and moved down an empty hallway.
I stood in place with a smile and watched the robot. It closed the door and then spied on me again. I sighed with true love.

At the 15th hour of an early evening with a quarter moon covered by clouds and 90 percent rain precipitation at 62°F, someone opened the door then entered my room, which was not the happy biomedical robot but that someone knew the robot.
I awoke and did not stir but smelled her strong flora perfume coughing out loud, sitting upright on top of the cot. I carefully watched the silence movement on Rita. I sighed with caution.
“So, you’re awake!” Rita stopped and stood in the bright lamps from the outside poles on her nose profile while making her look like half-a-monster, smiling down at Starra, “Rann sweet talked you into speaking. I understand that you both have a nice little chat this afternoon at lunch,” she sneered. “I thought I had made it crystal clear here like a pond lake. Rann is my man. I will do anything to keep him my man, including killing you later tonight, after the fun dance and dinner party.” She whipped a gold dagger from the red frock glittering in the bright artificial lamps. I gasped in shock and stared at the shiny blade. She growled. “I am telling you not here, not asking you here. Do not come to the dance and dinner ball tomorrow night with anyone, especially Rann! You will die. Don’t think for a moment I can’t get access to your room without Rann’s permission and your whining!” I gasped in alarm and silently nodded back to Rita. I sighed with defeat.
Rita laughed. “O! You’re not talking again. That’s a good girl! Keep it up! You handle your end of our bargain. Then I will personally guarantee that you will depart from Rann and me and here soonest.” She plunged the dagger back into her short boot hiding the weapon, standing upright then sneered at Starra, spinning around, carefully walking backwards and watched Starra. Rita exited the room. The door slammed shut and then clicked into the locking position. Bbot obeyed her verbal commands. I sighed with death.
I sat on the cot and moaned with fear, “This ain’t my day.” I felt terrible. I had gracious accepted Rann’s personal invitation to the dance and dinner party and I really desired to attend having some fun dancing and enjoying my life with my man. I hissed at the door that represented Rita. “Rann is my man.”
I stood then padded to the open window. Even in the dull moonlight, I viewed every ten feet a row of armed guards that slowly patrolled the ugly rough courtyard. General Ivan had increased the guard patrols, because of Dirk sending a fleet of ships attacking Rann’s compound, without minor damage but major trouble for me. I sighed with hatred.
I sneered with fury, “I’ll get you sooner than later Dirk. You have made my life misery and difficult getting outta of here using my own Tele talents. Therefore, I really do need some helpful assistance which isn’t coming from Rann, since he intends to keep me for some type of reward negotiation or something more dangerous for Dirk.” I sighed with disappointment.

Alien Day 126


Prisoner room setting
Thunder storms with rain at 87% precipitation and 65°F
7th hour (early morning)


The bright heated sunlight was sleeping, not like Starra. She had been awoken and then greeted by Bbot with the breakfast try of steaming food items, which smelled great but sat on the table, growing cold.
The door opened emitting more heated air currents into the room and revealed Bbot floating towards the food table, shouting out loud. “Good morning, Starra! You are not eating your nutritious meals again.” It viewed Starra with its rear eyeballs on each teacup-shaped gadget on tis flat metal head.
Well, two independent death marks on my life tended to stifle my growling stomach. I had dreamed of nasty Rita creeping into my prisoner room then killing me last night. My sleep dreams are vivid and colorful but do not usually come true, but I am worried for my security here as a prisoner. I sigh with worry.
“You are not speaking also.”
I was keeping my part of the bargain with Rita.
The bot spun around then scanned Starra displaying an array of red, green, and blue lights and wiggling its assortment of short and long wire antennas on its flat metal skull with two teacup-shaped green tinted bulbs for its two eyeballs. “You are in excellent health. You will live with a nice touch of tender loving care.”

Not if I don’t get out of here and away from Rita, I won’t.

Bbot swung back around then quickly cleaned off the table, leaving the room, slamming the door shut.
“Whatever!” I moaned with unhappiness. I really wanted to live inside my new heated residence until the end of the civil war. I sighed life.
Throughout the heated sunrays, I wasted my time and the day away, without eating any of the food meals, acting like a prisoner of war again. Bbot came and went on its programmed schedule finally leaving a tray of snacks on top of the naked wooden table while acknowledging Starra by her name, not her military title.

On the 15th hour of an early evening with parted clouds without rain and moonlight, the voice echoed into her room. “Hello, Starra!”
I didn’t hear the door slam open during my catnap on top of the wet bed linens within the heated air waves then opened my two eyelashes starting at the wall below the window pane. My stomach started performing flip-flops of worry.
Rann entered the room with a smile then stopped, standing beside the chair, staring at Starra then looked down at the pretty box in pink tinted ribbon on top of the chair seat. “You are not dressed for the dance and dinner ball.” He stared at Starra with puzzlement.
“O! Ugh!” I slid off the bed then stood upright, facing Rann, playing with my fingers in front of my exposed stomach inside the ripped, torn, and stinky military uniform. “Yeah. I… I am dressed just not for the ball.”
He nodded with a fade smile. “May I ask why!”
I smiled sweetly and rocked back and forth, nodding several times, “Yeah, you can ask. Well, as a prisoner of war, I am not required to do anything that is harmful to my health. I believe accompanying you to a dinner and then a dance with a room filled with the enemy would constitute a risk to me. Therefore, I must decline your generous offer. I am very sorry for inconveniencing you on the last hour, before the start of party, Prince Rann of Resort.” I added my nice touch with his formal title then continued to nod and grin at him.
His smile faded into the flat line then his face morphed into a pink tinted tone then a red colored hue. Rann sneered with shouts of anger and slapped his chest.  “I... I am a threat to you. Well, let me see how threatening I can become.” He was both mad and upset at Starra. However, this was a dance party for him and a life to Starra. Rita had threatened Starra twice.
I could not fling that particular peril of my precious life to the side line, since Rann was not going to believe me without verbal or written or electronic proof, so it was her words against mine.
I was a prisoner and I also worked for the wrong side of the Civil War. To top it all off, this was my fault. I shouldn’t have programmed the routine that erased all the taped recordings inside Bbot, since that particular electronic evidence was needed for my defense. I sighed with dumbness.
“Guards! Guards!” Rann called out then spun around, exiting the room, shouting for his bodyguards. The door slammed shut.
I smiled with a nod to the closed door. “Well, that was easier than I thought. But that doesn’t go as smoothly as I have liked. He will return though, since I’m a delightful surprise to the man.” I snorted with amusement sitting back down on the bed mattress, looking down at the floor.
I really didn’t like fighting with Rann. As a matter of fact, I did not recall a disagreement with him about any subject within any past alien timeline, since Rann was always in control of everything and I happily followed him around the planet while dreaming of marriage. I sighed with marriage.
The moonlight was covered in clouds that created a dark, creepy night sky marking the start of the dance and dinner gala ball with Rann and all that delicious food trays. My stomach grumbled with complain. This stupid Civil War had stopped all the fun here within the sixth alien timeline.
I loved to dance especially wearing a long flowing gown, a pair of heeled sandals, and wrapped between Rann’s biceps against my chest. I sighed with disappointment.
Rann was there now selecting a cute unmarried young adult female waltzing her over the dance floor alone with the rest of his subjects or friends or warriors watched. I sighed with jealousy.
The door slammed against the side wall. I was here getting my heated dinner meal with the company of Bbot.
Rann appeared and stood inside the archway, pointing at Starra, talking to someone behind the wall.
I was always right. Rann did come back. But I was quite shocked to see him so quickly, since the dance was progressing right now.
“There she is.” He continued to point at Starra. “Bathe her. Perfume her. Dress her. And escort her to the dance floor.”
“As you wish, Prince Rann!” An alto voice echoed outside the hallway and then inside the Starra’s room.
I jumped up from the cot and placed both of my hands on my hips, “Bath!” I did need a bath, since my capture four days ago. The perfumed oils from yesterday could not disguise the sweat, perspiration, salt, and excretion produced from the warm humid air last night inside my hot, itchy, partly torn military uniform.
Four tall, queen-sized mature women in an ankle length brown tinted dress and a bun of gray tinted charged into Starra’s room, directly at Starra.
I continued to stand and growled at the four individuals. “I protest.” My eyeballs darted to the open archway. Rann smiled then closed the door with a loud slam.
“Draw her bathe.” The lead woman snipped a set of sharp scissors in her hand and shouted out her orders as the other three women scattered around the room.
I sneered at the lead woman, “Don’t touch me!” I jabbed all my finger pads, like a deadly weapon at the lead woman while yelling at the unknown group of mature women.
The first woman knocked Starra down onto the bed mattress snipping away the dirty, smelly blue tinted military uniform from Starra’s body, reaching down, grabbing Starra’s earlobe.
I sneered, “Ouch!”
“Move, sweetie!”
I stood from cot in the nude walking into the private lavatory in pain starring in lavender colored standard bathroom equipment and ugly dark green ceramic walls with yellow sun prints. I entered the very warm water, frothing in the pink and white suds and bubbles. “Fine! I’ll sit here for the rest of the evening and get all prunie.” I giggled with delight. A strong female hand slammed the hair roots on Starra shoving her face of freckles down underneath the water. I surfaced with soap in my eyelashes and bubbles in my open mouth as my wet hands desperately searched for a dry towel. The same strong hand rubbed and washed Starra cleaning her arms and legs, shoving the hair roots back down into the bubbles. I resurfaced coughing then spatting out foamy bubbles in the air, yelling in fury. “Hey! You’re drowning me.”
“Hush up, child!” She grabbed the same earlobe on Starra. “Up!”
“Ouch!” I was blind and mad standing from the water. A rush of water pelted my warm skin. “It’s cold.” I rubbed my eyelashes wiping away the soap from my face.
“Out!” The lead woman ordered without twisting Starra’s earlobe.
I slowly climbed out from the bathtub standing in the heated air that swiftly dried my body.
The woman frowned and placed a wet cloth over Starra’s face. “You’re a skinny little thing. I wish I could feed you before the dance. Don’t inhale the perfume fumes.”
A cool spray of mist, then thick lotions bombarded my cold naked clean skin that created a delightful odor drifting up into my nostrils, smelling fragrances of flowers, fruits, and vanilla.
She removed the dirty cloth dropping down on the floor then shoved Starra into the bedroom setting, without an order. They stopped then stood in front of the row of windows. The heated air current sucked up each dripping water droplets making a steamy cloud without hitting the floor. She extended her arm and wiggled her fat fingers. “Give me her gown!” A second servant flipped the gown over Starra’s hair roots then wiggled it down over her chest and hip bones.
I felt the cool breeze around the room that slammed exposed naked skin. “Is this a gala gown?” I rubbed my wet hands down the soft fabric on the skimpy dress.
The lead servant fiddled with the long skirt, “If Prince Rann has selected this frock for you to wear, then you will wear this frock.”
I stood in place, after becoming bathed and dressed like a two-year-old child, who was heading to the playground park.
The frock was made of shear thin linen in the color of silver and was outlined with small diamonds around the edge of the top that flowed down into a flowing skirt. The skirt fabric was cut into six panels exposing her feet, each ankle bone, both kneecaps, legs, thighs, hips between each panel. No soft fabric covered my waistline, stomach muscles, an outie belly naval going all the way to the middle of my rib cage. I sighed with disgust.
“The gown is cut a little low.” I complained.
“If Prince Rann has selected this frock for you to wear, then you will wear this frock.” She repeated with a stern face and then smeared a pink tinted, gooey, sticky substance on Starra’s lips. “And I will add a touch of pink on your two cheekbones. You look a little pale.”
I looked a little mad, honey. Hatred always caused my exterior skin tone to change into brilliant red hue along with my easy-going female personality into a furious stray hungry feline cat with manicured claws, ten of them. Thus, my face was glowing bright and heated red with anger. I sighed with revenge.
“Give me her tiara.” The lead servant extended her arm and wiggled her fingers. The third servant handed a glittering diamond tiara to her co-worker. I sighed with confusion.
I stared down at the gleaming object, “A tiara, I am not a noble.”
“You are the princess consort to Prince Rann tonight. You will appear like a princess even if you don’t act like one.” She planted the diamond tiara in the center of Starra’s hair roots, driving the steel combs down into her hard skull.
“Hey! That’s hurts again.”
The lead servant shuffled away then smiled at Starra, pointing at the crown, “Now, wrap the long strands of her hair around the silver frame. I don’t want it falling off, when she is being twirled by Prince Rann.”
The second servant started crisscrossing Starra’s hair strands over the crown. I sneered with annoyance.
The servant meant to say, when Rann is being punched, kicked, and bitten by me, while I am on standing on the dance floor. I screamed in pain, “Ouch! That hurt! Be careful up there!”
“Give her heeled sandals.”
I slid my naked foot down into a four-inched summer sandal without toppling over onto the floor.
“Place on her gloves. A lady always wears her gloves for dancing and then removes them for dining.” Each glove is designed in silver tinted lace fabric and shorten to the wrist bone, not the usual elbow length fabric. The lead servant ordered, “Place the wrap around her waistline.” The lace cloth is shaped in the geometric design of a triangle in silver hue. 
The second servant threaded the lace wrap around Starra’s body.
“Please lift up both of your crooked elbows.” She ordered. Starra obeyed.
The servant draped the lace sideways through each one of her bent arms pulling the lace through Starra’s waistline, fluffing the fabric in the air. The lace-covered wrap gently drifted down from gravity and then spread over the dirty floor, covering the exposed skin on her legs, ankles, and feet. The wrap displayed ten feet of fabric behind her waistline.
I felt like a statue, instead of princess. I sighed with annoyance.
I reached down and pulled on the stretchy fabric noting the strength and texture. Yes, I can use the wrap and strangle Rann, once I get him on the dance floor, before Rita stabs me to death with her pocket dagger. Two for the price of one!
I was in a nasty mood tonight. Death always affected this way. I sighed with dread.
The lead servant yelled in the room, “Guards!” She scooted from Starra then opened the door, yelling again, “Guards!” A pair of sneering tall males with brown hair appeared and blocked the entranceway, wearing a naked chest, a pair of white tinted walking shorts, and a pair of leather sandals, toting a long spear. I wanted to laugh at the two silly guards, but I was not amused or happy or delighted or glad, only mad, anger, furious, revengeful and dangerous. I sighed with death.
The other servant shoved Starra towards the open door without an order. Both guards back stepped from the archway then spun around, padding down the long, semi-dark hallway. The lead servant followed the two guards. I exited my room and tripped over my feet twice, using my Tele balance, slowly strolling into the hallway. I sighed with fear.
The hallway walls displayed nice white tinted paint over some of the ancient indigo paint coming from each removed busted picture frame, an array of repaired broken wooden planks with more fresh paint, and two walls of shattered not broken glass windows that exposed the thick rain clouds in indigo colors without moonlight and the rough ground of damaged trees and dead flowers.

I did that!

I felt both depressed and trapped even with the refreshing new atmosphere. I sighed with failure.
This has been the worsest alien timeline, since I have become trapped in a repeating space continuum. I sigh with depression.
I stared down at the floor and slumped my shoulders like a rejected mate.
A rough hand touched the back spine on Starra and as the servant yelled at Starra. “Stand upward and straight, child!”
I lifted my shoulders and held my sour breath, dragging the lace wrap over the rough floor, whispering for my eardrums only, “This ain’t my day.” I slowly strolled ahead towards the end of the hallway noting the new ugly decoration. The glass patio doors had been removed and then replaced with vertical wooden boards preventing my escape from the 18th floor. I continued to follow the servant then turned into the new hallway. I sighed with worry.
My nose holes could smell the aroma of delicious food, before I turned the wall corner, entering a new short hallway. I was hungry and planned to eat all my food. I needed my strength as I planned to escape, after I had seduced Rann.
Well, I might not have enough time to perform that specific feat. But I plan to knock Rann unconscious then steal a starship, flying off the planet, steering through the Wall, piloting into Dirk’s territory inside an enemy ship. Then I will probably have to fight a battalion of Dirk’s troopers proving my person first, then arrive at the castle next and finally fight then kill Dirk last. I do believe that I have planned a long night. I sigh with victory.
Back inside the short hallway of fresh paint without wall decoration, the interior space sounded like roll of thunder consisting of loud male and female voices, soft musical notes, clanking silverware and stone plates.
I stood and posed elegantly at the double open archway. The hall floor is covered in black marble with bright indigo walls. Each overhead lamp is located high but dimly lit for chatting, dancing, and dining. My eyelashes traced the dance floor and curved around each dancing couple towards the center stage, jumping each step then landed on one person.
Rann spotted Starra then stood from his chair, wearing a smile. The audience of elegantly dressed citizens turned and stared at Rann then followed his eyesight to the object in the doorway, gasping at Starra. The noise quickly descended octave by octave, until it finally ceased into a quiet room.
Rann lifted his hand to Starra. The two guards scooted sideways and exposed Starra. The lead servant shoved Starra onto the dance hall floor. I started strolling ahead dragging the lace wrap over the smooth floor, staring ahead at Rann and avoided each stunned facial expression. I sighed with nervousness.
My peripherical vision viewed a long table of food trays as my stomach growled with hungry. One side wall held the row of food tables, but each side wall displayed rows of long tables with each party citizen eating, drinking, and merrily chatting, before Starra appeared on the scene. Now, each citizen stared at Starra.
I prayed for them to toss only the ripen, not rotten apples at me and my dress. I sighed with fear.
I stopped at the foot of the marble stage pondering the eight tiers of steps without tripping on the long wrap or falling on my face. unless that was the true plan of embarrassment, humiliation and pain. I sighed with annoyance.
Rann dashed down the staircase then leaped over the last two steps, landing in front of Starra, leaning over and sniffed her hair strands, whispering into her eardrum. “You should bathe more often, Starra.” He stood upright and chuckled with her.
“I will try.”
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Her blue eyes burned a set of invisible fire balls into my back spine coming through my telepathy talent, of course.
He smiled and grabbed Starra’s elbow, spinning around, assisting her up the steps. “Don’t worry Starra! No one is going to harm you, tonight, including her.” I sighed with shock.
We slowly strolled up each step without an incident and moved ahead to the center table then stopped behind the two empty chairs. Rann pulled out her chair. I grabbed the wrap and parts of the dress with my gloved hand sweeping the fabric to the side, before sitting down in the chair like a lady noblette.
He continued to hold her hand until Starra settled down in the seat, watching her body movement, sliding down beside Starra.
I removed both of my gloves and placed beside the plate, shimmering out from the wrap, leaving on the chair. Then I scanned the audience without finding Rita and then whispered with worry, “She saw me.” The plate was filled with food. I grabbed the utensils for food consumption even with a nervous mind but a hungry stomach.
He leaned over and smiled into her nose profile, “I wanted her to see you.”
“If she sees me with you….”
He continued to whisper to Starra, “The Viscountess has been on my suspicious list for months. I needed hard evidence to convict Rita. Now, I have plenty.”
I found Rita and stared at her face. “That’s impossible.”
“Nothing is impossible, Starra.” He softly chuckled and grabbed the utensils, cutting up his food. He ate then chewed the food item.
I still held the eating utensils without diving into the food. “Impossible!”
He swallowed the food then leaned over smiling at Starra. “Speaking of a strange occurrence of impossibility, I have discovered that one of my robot’s application cycles has become flawed for some reason. I happened to retrieve the security comlens from the day of the Dirk’s air raid and I had found a flawed application on a particular Bbot, which had been guarding my prisoner. The recording tape happens to be blank starting precisely at the time, after I had left your jail cell, some four days ago.”
I giggled at Rita then looked down at the plate of food. “Awe! How terrible for poor Bbot?” I cut up the food and smiled from my perfect homework assignment.
“I do not know how you have managed to sabotage the programming of that robot, but I promise I will figure it out.” He ate then chewed the food.
I smiled down at the food plate, “I confess. I did it.”
He swallowed the lump of food, “That was very naught of you, Starra.” Rann ate then chewed the food.
“What do you expect from your prisoner, Rann, waves of good behavior?” I giggled then ate the small sliver of food, chewing with nice noblette manners.
He swallowed the lump of food then grinned, “And as I possess a prisoner of war, I have implemented a set of new precautions immediately upon my recent discovery.” He ate the food then chewed. 
I swallowed the food then frowned. “What type of new precautions?”
“After your attempted escape and then successfully re-capture, Starra…” he softly chuckled. “I have re-engineered the circuit chips inside the control panel on the robot creating a new program. Then I have returned Bbot back to my prison ward while guarding my prisoner.”
I gasped at Rita then turned to Rann, “If you had to reengineer the chips, then you must…”
“I know. I reviewed the comlens after my inappropriate display of emotions this morning. I must apology and remedy that immediately.” He smiled.
“Apology accepted.” I nodded my curls like a princess with my noblette approval.
“I was very distressed and confused about your usual noblette behavior. I have invested a great deal of time and resources establishing a trust between us. I wanted to know what had happened. I was very confidence Bbot had not been hacked again. And I was correct, of course.”
I frowned in silence. He nodded. “Once I had reviewed the new set of hidden comlens with the newly recorded security tapes from the past two days, I understood immediately.” I sighed with protection.
A new musical fanfare blasted from the wall corner coming from a group of sitting robots or Obots or an orchestra robot with its programmed musical talents. Couples stood from eating tables and gathered on the dance floor for the next musical waltz. I sighed with excitement.
I turned and smiled at the group of robotic musicians. Rann dropped the utensils then cleaned his hands, grabbing her hand, saying with a smile. “It’s time.”
“Time for what?”
“Time to dance for the rest of the night!” He released her hand then stood upright, sliding off the chair, assisting Starra to stand.
I stood beside Rann then smiled. “Time of dance, of course! How silly of me!” I giggled with nervousness. I sighed with true love.
We scooted from the table then slowly moved ahead, stomping down each step. I didn’t have to hold the hemline on the dress. Each panel swept away from my feet and my kneecaps with ease. We dropped down then elegantly waltzed across the floor parking in the middle of the room. Rann continued to hold my hand and stood in front of my body. I sighed with marriage.
“Extend your arm this way.” He gently stretched her arm straight even with the floor and placed his outstretched arm parallel to hers touching at the two wrist bones. Obot appeared then tied a wide silk golden ribbon around both of their wrists together then pulled the ribbon bow tight, wrapping Ran and Starra like a present.
I tugged my arm backwards from the tied ribbon while immediately feeling uncomfortable and frightening all at the same moment. Rann did not move but smiled at Starra. I started to jerk my arm from the ribbon while testing the length of the ribbon.
He flipped his other hand near his smile, “No! No! This is a new kind of dance with our wrists tied by satin ribbons.”
“The dance pose is very unsettling.” I stared at our shared ribbon connecting us together.
“Exactly!”
“What is the purpose of the ribbon within the dance?”
“To reveal my spies...”
I sneered at him, “I am not a spy.”
“You are the enemy and my hostage.” He softly chuckled and hugged her into his chest.
The musical song started playing a slow-moving waltz, but we did not start to dance.
I continued to stand and jerked my hand upright as the ribbon tightened then caused pain in my digits. I dropped my hand down towards my elbow feeling another pain running down my arm tissue with great annoyance. I sighed with puzzlement.
Rann did not comment but smiled at Starra.
I did not like the restrained ribbon as the ribbon didn’t harm my skin or hidden bones, but the psychological effect was very real inside my mind. I sighed with escape.
I tried to jerk my arm down to my waistline as the silk ribbon tightened then caused pain to rescind down my arm towards the tip of each one of my pink painted toenails.
Rann did not comment but continued to smile enjoying her squirm and wiggle inside his chest with their bonded and shared tied ribbon.
I extended my arm straight against his arm as the ribbon dropped down loosely around our shared wrist bone without any pain. I sighed with confusion.
“Hmm! This really is a psychological game not a dance prop.” I frowned at the ribbon.
“Exactly.” He smiled. The musical notes continued to play a slow-moving song meant for close cheek-to-cheek dancing. Rann placed his free arm around her waist pulling Starra closer into his naked chest. She did not resist feeling heated warmth from him. He leaned down and whispered into her cheekbone.
I have allowed his slick moves with our last dance together, until I go and eliminate Dirk. I sigh with determination.
“The dance game causes both panic and pain. If you move your arm up or down, then the ribbon constricts your arm and your movement causing pain. Your basic instinct is to fight the pressure of the tight grip. When you are not released, you panic as your psyche rebels. You feel frightened, fearful, and doomed. Then you expose all of your animal instincts and attack the attacker.” Rann pulled back and smiled at Starra.
I grinned, “Ah! Therefore, you have unmasked your spies, foes, and enemies.”
“Exactly.”
“This is an excellent devise, a silk ribbon.”
“Are you now ready to reveal your secrets to me?”
“No!” I giggled and slightly shook my curls.
“No!” He frowned. 
I winkled with a smile, “I possess mind over matter.”
“Hmm! I am not familiar with that expression. What is mind over matter?”
“I enjoy playing psychological games too. If the ribbon causes pain, then I will use my mind to counteract the matter covering my arm with my pleasure.” I smirked with an evil intent.
“How!”
I shifted my free hand from his hand, reaching around, lightly touching his back spine and tickled his nerve endings. Then I stopped tickling his back spine and slowly jerked our shared ribbon upwards as he turned and followed the ribbon. I asked, “Do you feel pain?”
“Yes.”
I dropped my hand then racked my free hand around his waist towards his chest scratching the unprotected exterior skin with my sharp pale blue tinted finger nails. Rann closed his two eyelids and enjoyed the massage. I pressed my finger pads and gently massaged the strong muscles on his deltoids. Then I stopped the nice massage and slowly twisted our shared wrist bones up in the air. I asked. “Do you feel pain?”
“Yes.”
The musical noted continued to play the slow-moving waltz in the back ground. Rann was hypnotized with my psychological counter attack at his relaxed mind. I dragged my fingernails across his naked chest then up towards his exposed throat tickling and teasing his neck muscles. Then I stopped the tickling and slowly jerked our shared ribbon downwards. I asked. “Do you feel pain?”
He whispered with his closed eyelids. “Yes.”
I gently pulled his face closer to my face, planting my wet kiss upon his warm lips. We held the sweet embrace for a long time then surfaced. He opened his eyelids and smiled at Starra. “Mind over matter!” I whispered.
He softly chuckled. “That is very nice, indeed. Thank you!”
I winked. “I am glad that you enjoyed my good-bye kiss.”
He gasped in alarm then softly chuckled. “Why would that be a good-bye kiss, Starra?”
“I’m going to successfully escape tonight.” I softly giggled.
He nodded, “Thanks for the preview of your upcoming event. I’ll inform my honor guards immediately, who happen to surround this floor, this room, and the adjoining hallway around the compound.”
“I know that.”
He frowned, “Don’t you realize a thousand pairs of eyes are watching you as we speak?”
“I know that too; but I’m a magician.” I smiled.
He pulled Starra closer and smiled. “Ah! This is another one of your hidden gifts with your every expanding repertoire. What else have you not shown me?”
“Let’s just say here! I’m full of delightful surprises.” I softly giggled with my secrets. The musical song ended.
Obot appeared without its musical instrument removing the golden ribbon from our tied wrist bones, keeping the item. I shook my arm circulating my blood around the veins. “Mind over matter works best, when the pain totally stops.”
He chuckled at Starra then escorted her back to their table on center stage. A series of Wbots or waiter robots served additional plates of delicious food and refilled glasses with red liquid. Rann ordered. “Leave us!” He viewed Starra during the dinner meal and lightly chatted while listening to Starra’s silly jokes, since she was a delightful guest also.
Too bad! This was going to end, soonest. I sighed with escape.
“You do not eat like a noble lady, Starra.” Rann viewed her empty plate.
I chocked down the last bite then stabbed the steel prongs into the slice of chocolate cake beside the sweaty water goblet, talking to the cake slice. “I’m not a noble. Therefore, I can eat until I vomit.” He chuckled.
I was very hungry and needed lots of energy and strength for my successful escape stealing Rann’s starships, traveling in space, fighting my old troopers, fighting Dirk’s personal guards, and finally killing Dirk. I was going to be a rather busy girl in the next fifteen minutes. I sighed with toil.
“You may not be a noble yet, but you are a lady with a healthy appetite. I like that and I like you, Starra.”
I liked his words but wished for the other word, love. I rudely woofed down the dessert in four bites and cleared my tongue, licking my finger pads with the chocolate frosting. “All I can say is…if I get captured in the future, I’ll definitely eat my food.”
He smiled. “I’m glad I invited you to the ball, if only for the food meal, Starra.”
I wiped my lips from the delicious but messy chocolate frosting with sticky fingers, leaning over, whispering into his eardrum. “Can you point me to the lavatory please? I would like to freshen up. Don’t forget my sentry either.” I thumbed the lead female servant sitting at the end of the long table.
He smiled and stood upright from the chair, pulling out her chair. Starra stood. He snapped his finger pads. The tall and muscular female guard in a brown dress and a bun of gray hair leaped up from her chair gliding beside Rann.
I leaned into his chest and whispered into his ear. “O! Just to let you know. This is my escape from a wonderful party with terrific food. I really enjoyed my stay on ugly asteroid Resort. You have been a gracious and charming host, but I gotta get going now. After all! You have War to win and I have a King to kill.” I softly chucked with an evil tone and a wicked grin.
He gasped in shock then frowned, grabbing her wrist bone, staring into her eyes. Then he smiled and released his death grip, kissing her hand and pulled back with a nod. “You are a delightful surprise to me. The next dance starts in five minutes. Don’t make me wait, Starra.”
I smiled sweetly then nodded my curls in my silence rejection, back stepping from the chair, spinning around into the face of a female guard. She growled at Starra. I giggled then scooted around the tall servant leading us off the stage platform. Of course, I didn’t know the direction of the Ladies Lavatory, but I did use my Tele talents.
I exited the stage then turned into the semi-dark back room, strolling ahead towards the lighted sign, entering the proper lavatory. I did not bother collecting my gloves or the warp as I wanted to fool Rann with my dark plan. My tummy was full of food that had restored my Tele energy powering a dark castle. I sighed with escape.

I mentally flashed backwards within the second alien timeline, when I had powered a dark mansion using my Tele powers.

I slammed open the door then halted, looking back over my collar bone, saying with a smile, “Thank you for obeying Rann’s orders. You have provided me with a wonderful opportunity tonight.”
The female guard halted without smiling looking stunned at the beautiful words from Starra then sneered, reaching out, holding the door. “You got thirty seconds to finish your private business. Else, I will come and assist you again.”

Like that’s going to happen twice in my life! Get real, honey!

I wore a sour frown and released the door, entering the first bathroom stall, slamming the door without sound. I stood in the middle of the stall and performed a Tele grab using my telekinesis, shifting an obvious exposed metal panel on the side wall, lowering it down to the tile floor quietly and exposed a dark hole. I sighed with victory.
Each hotel building contains a rat maze with numerous semi-dark and heated tunnels for the air ventilation system, comlen cables, comfone lines, and bot ports. This particular shaft led towards my new destination, a repair shop on the ground floor. My sensitive nose holes could smell the fumes of heavy oil and wall paint and as my Tele eardrums heard the faint noises of clinking, tingling, pinging, and pinging coming from each Rbot or repair robot working on the abused starship.
I performed a Tele jump from the floor and landed in the open archway on my naked kneecaps, feeling the cold metal floor. I ripped off the front panels on the beautiful dress, tearing the delicate fabric at my waistline, slowly crawling down a semi-dark tunnel. I executed a Tele view with my teleclairvoyance of future telling.

I have 27 seconds before my innocent guard barges through the bathroom stall door assisting my person. She is about to receive my trick, instead of my treat.

I snorted with amusement and crawled faster towards an access door, turning into the adjoining little doors, heading in the right direction, smelling the chemicals and acids inside my nostrils.
I was close.
I performed a Tele grab then a Tele open lowering the metal grid down onto the tunnel floor viewing a maze of steel square shaped columns and individual steel plated work stations making a new steel-coated, silver-tinted metal maze. I hoped there weren’t any metal rats lying in wait for me. I sighed with fantasy.
All the bots were deactivated for the nightly party without making thunderous noise down the hallway from the dancing room, where each citizen was having fun eating and dancing.
I performed a Tele leap from the open archway on the side wall then landed down on top of the metal floor, crouching in place, listening for sound and looked for movement inside the Bot Repair and Maintenance Shop. The shop is well-lighted and well heated even from the work activity this morning.
I did not see or hear a single metal or human life form, slowly standing upright from the floor, carefully examining the room of star ships, seeing a passenger, another passenger and another passenger. I sighed with confusion.
A fighter ship is composed of modified zippers and carriers, not a passenger star craft. Each passenger ship had been modified appearing higher and longer than a normal passenger starship pasted with rows of exterior protruding maser cannons.

Nasty stuff!

This was Rann’s idea of winning the Civil War. I sighed with nuisance.
I desired a slicker and faster zipper ship for my personal needs flying through the Wall as I was accustomed to steering a smaller craft. I am a small person as the height of the zipper seat and roof is perfect for my shortness.
I slowly padded around each parked and dead space vessel searching then found a zipper ship on the side wall. The ship was unlocked as the entrance hatch was wide open in an upright position, where the citizen worker left in a hurry for the gala dance and dinner ball. I sighed with escape.
I performed a Tele-scan using my telepathy on the cold engine and cockpit instruments functioning within performing specifications, including the pilot seat, the gliding stick, and the portal air tanks. I could fly a starship without an engine, force shield, and bot control but not without air like other Tele people. And this baby was loaded with everything including a nice design.
Zippers come in various models with two seats and trunk space for two pieces of luggage to a trainer ship for a novice pilot and an experienced instructor with trunk space for one piece of luggage to a single pilot seat and trunk space for three pieces of luggage.
I glanced inside the leather cockpit seeing a single pilot chair and trunk space for no pieces of luggage, since the rear end was chopped off and held an array of tall afterburners that created the tail end on the ship. I slowly walked around the bumper with a smile, seeing five afterburner engines on this baby recognizing Rann’s ingenious design of modern-day space flight.
Billions of currs can buy you anything you want, coming from Rita. Rann enjoyed spending his currs on play things, such like toys and dolls, which might have been me tonight. O well! Rann was now dancing with another girl using that golden ribbon. I sighed with amusement.
I slid down into the leather seat. “Ouch!” I stood upright and hit my bone skull on the hatchway, ducking down a little lower, aiming for the pilot seat again. The pilot seat is slightly curved with a lower dashboard console, reaching the gliding stick between the legs. The seat is tilted towards the rear end for a larger person. I adjusted the mechanic controls rolling the seat forward, entering the cockpit for a second time then yelled in pain, “Stang!”
My towering tiara head hit the rooftop for a second time, not my head. The tiara is eight inches high at the peak with a half-moon shape measuring my height a grand total of five feet and nine inches, instead of my usual five feet and one inch. The extra height was not the problem. The tilt formation on the pilot seat was the problem. I needed to see the dashboard, instruments, and side window while I was being chased back home to Planet Commerce by the enemy and by my troopers in an alien ship. I needed to fly or fight. I had never flown without my eye sight which would become a weird experience. I sighed with worry.
I needed control of all my senses working at maximum performance with my Tele talents, since I could not even close the hatch door with my hand sitting in that low-lying pilot seat. I sighed with annoyance.
When my girly emotions overcame my common sense, my Tele talents did not work. I sigh with mystery.
I manually rolled the seat forward then backwards testing a new angle on my body as the tiara tower interfered with my cockpit entrance. I viewed a sea of gray leather polished and shiny like silk then yelled in frustration. “Next!”
I could not remove the steel and stone object off my head as the metal frame was sewed with my personal hair stands around my hair roots. I could not cut the tiara out that covered a circumference of two inches down to each ear point without leaving heavy chunks of missing gaps all over my bone skull. Hair grows fast but not that fast, even using with my extraordinary Tele powers.
I laughed at the mental pic of my funny appearance trying to kill Dirk with a sheared head.
The tiara is composed of silver metal and diamonds. The diamonds were soldered into the metal. I possess great supernatural powers; but I am not that great. Diamonds do not bend, break, or crack as each one is the hardest mineral on Planet Earth as well as here.
“If I wasn’t so confident in my success of escape, I would swear on dirk’s dead body that someone planned for me to fail.” I back stepped from the zipper and spun around, surveying the rest of the parked and dead starships. I spotted a carrier on the opposite side wall and started jogging around each work station, grounded robot, sets of strewn tools, and ugly grease spots on the floor, against the walls, and around each steel-coated column steering towards the transport between the larger passenger ships within the huge repair shop.
I wonder about my impromptu idea. Maybe, I should have stolen someone else’s starship outside the hotel building which would have been faster but not necessarily safer. I sighed with indecision.
The hatch door on the carrier was upright as my naked feet ached from four-inched fashion heeled sandals. My two hands were dirty touching each greasy ship and my elegant dress was all tore and ripped. My head throbbed from the weight of the numerous heavy diamonds in the tiara and my entire body was greasy from bumping then hitting a protruding part or tool or a smooth metal sheet on each damaged ship. And I smelled like a hyperdrive unit.
I steered around another ship and leaped over a huddle of tools then curved around a grounded robot wasting precious minutes, after playing with the pilot seat inside the superstar zipper ship while trapped inside the metal rat maze. The tight rows of parked and dead starships prevented an execution of a Tele leap up from the floor flying in the air then hit something metal which would cause a loud noise within a quiet work area. I was escaping under the guise of sheath mode with a speedy pace. I sprinted around another stationary bot and viewed the carrier. Rann must throw great parties. I really hated missing the rest of the fun dancing and great food especially more chocolate cake.
I didn’t bother scanning instruments panel. The ship was parked next to the exit gate, which was open for business also, exposing a rainy night sky. I sighed with victory.
I must rush and hurry. A team of anger guards will be barging through the closed doors, banishing a belt and handful of deadly weapons, searching for Starra.

Yeah, I know. My Tele talents tell me so.

Rann was not dancing with another pretty girl, when he wanted me, so he had alerted all the guards inside his hidden party, when you were the only prisoner within an enemy compound. Right now, the compound held more partiers rather than prisoners.
Rann had ordered the stun mode for Starra, since he was not going to take a chance with her life form getting hurt, harmed, or heroic. I can defend myself in any fight on a given sunny day but not against an entire base full of well-trained, maybe accurate at close range and pretend war warriors, that is led by Rann. I sigh with devotion.
If I don’t get out of this shop, off the rough ground, and into the rainy atmosphere, then I predict, without using my Tele powers, that I will be re-captured annoyingly again. I sigh with triple annoyance.
I bolted ahead the last three feet to the carrier then ducked down low almost kissing the leather seat without hitting the towering tiara. I didn’t need a dizzy headache accompanying the other aching body parts. I straddled the gliding stick in an un-ladylike fashion. I sighed with relief.
I whispered with a smile at the clean wind shield. “I made it.” I slid off shoes and cringed in pain from the forming blisters. “Strap in.”
A starship contains a safety belt or a webbing belt as the body impacts high speeds or low speeds while maneuvering around space rock, space junk debris, and space fools that can’t fly a starship.
I always wear my safety belt after experiencing an almost dead day, a couple of moments, within the previous alien timelines. I did not care what transport I was flying or how slow or far; I always wore them. I sighed with attitude.
I jerked the stretchy cloth around my body securing three latches on the safety net, locking one around my heart cavity, a second one around my waistline, and a third one around my hips. Each latch is a heavy metal that keeps the body in place during a take-off, in hyper-drive speeding, and a landing as every unsecured object moved within the craft during space flight.
I did not desire a bruise on my exposed body parts coming from the free-floating metal buckle during space flight either.
I closed my two gray-tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
A presence. My Tele sensed pinged.
“Hello, Starra!” Rann whispered into her eardrum. I sighed with shock.
“This ain’t my day!” I whispered with defeat and felt his cupped hand on my bare shoulder, screaming out loud in fury, “Stang! Double stang! Triple stang!” I jerked on the sealed and locked latches with all my greasy finger pads without breaking the latches. I sighed with re-capture.
He smiled. “Thank you for trying to escape! The adventure so far has been fun for me. I look forward to your next set of delightful surprises. But, for now, you need to rest, Starra.”
I felt a sharp pinch on my collar bone. Then I fainted into darkness.

Alien Day 127


Prisoner room
Hot and heated daylight hours
10th hour (mid-day)


I blinked open both of my eyelashes and viewed an indigo ceiling, feeling plumes of cold air currents around my comfortable body. I whispered with annoyance, “This ain’t my timeline!”
I was resting on top of the smooth cool bed linens and used both of my hands searching my body. I continued to wear the gala gown which was gritty dirty holding pockets of sticky tar, grease, and oil fluids on the fabric. I slowly turned and scanned my new environment, seeing the same naked wooden table with a breakfast tray emitting steam from each closed lid.
The sunbeams tattled the time at the tenth hour of a new day.
My hands swirled around my body then touched my dirty hair roots, missing a towering tiara. I gasped in alarm then jumped up from the bed mattress, running my hands through my air, entering the lavatory. I stopped and stared at the reflection mirror, exhaling in relief, seeing my long silver tinted hair strands intact but real dirty. So, someone had removed my twisted hair strands off the towering tiara without cutting my bone skull or clipping my hair stands. I sighed with impressed.
I exhaled with relief then defeat, staring at my dirty face with grease and grime, leaning down and washed some of my exposed body parts. I was not bathing again as I was still a prisoner here at the hidden military base, but I would eat for energy and strength while planning a new escape pathway. I sighed with encouragement.
I looked up and smiled at the reflection mirror wiping the water off my face, brushing my teeth and hair strands. I spun around and padded back into the room, surveying my new environment which was my old environment with floating cold air currents. I bounced up a few inches from the floor without using my Tele talents and the back down with delight. The air conditioning system was functioning.
The door slammed open and revealed Rann. He moved int the room and smiled at Starra. “Good morning, Starra. Why are you not dressed for our new engagement?” He stopped and pointed down at the new wrapped box with a pink ribbon, nodding to Starra. “If you insist upon acting like a child, then you will be…”
I looked beyond Rann and viewed the open archway. The ancient servant female appeared and filled the doorway holding back an army of other servants. I gasped in alarm and rushed to the chair, sweeping up the box, spinning around in one fluid motion, dashing ahead into the lavatory.
Rann flipped his hand and dismissed the servant crew, sitting down in the chair, pulling out his electronic devise and typed on the screen.
I slammed the bathroom door and then started cleaning my body, running the hot water down my body for thirty minutes, getting the grease and goo out of my hair. I finished bathing then slowly dressed hoping we were late for our engagement event. I opened the door, walking from the hot steamy room into the cool air currents, displaying a pink tinted ankle length dress with short sleeves, holding the hemline with one hand and the shoes with the other. I entered the room then halted a few feet from Rann, smiling at his relaxed pose.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
“Prepared to die, sweetie!” The tall female entered the room and screamed in fury, dashing towards Starra, holding a maser pistol in her shooting hand, a gloved left one, and a shiny golden dagger in the other. I sighed with death.
“Rita!” Rann calmly sat in the chair and stared at Rita.
“Rann!” Rita halted a few feet and gasped at Rann, wearing her signature color of red hue presenting a lovely ankle-length gala frock with a pair of puffy sleeves, a high neckline, a puffy wide plantation skirt, and a pair of elbow length silk gloves.

Note: A pair of silk-coated fashion girly gloves is not a very good tool while using a deadly weapon on your enemy.

“Rita, you have been warned about threatening my prisoner.”
“She is dangerous,” she pointed the dagger blade at Starra.
“I must stronger disagree. Who is holding the gun and the dagger? I conclude here that you are the more dangerous citizen within the universe.”
I stood in place like a wimpy wuss but really wanted to cheer in agreement watching the argument between the two royals in silence. I sighed with victory.
“I’m trying to help you, Rann.” Rita frowned without dropping down each weapon.
“You are not helping but causing much more major trouble. Put your weapons away, right now, Rita!” Rann slowly stood upright and shook his bone skull, approaching Rita.
She shifted sideways and continued to point the cold barrel on the master pistol at Starra, “She is the trouble. She needs to be eliminated. Then we can win the war, Rann.”
He slapped his chest and growled at Rita, “I’m winning the war, Rita. And that princely decision is mine, not yours. Drop the weapons right now!” Rann scooted sideways then tried to block Starra.
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
Rita stood sideways facing Rann and pressed the button then fired the pistol, shifting her weight on the wrong leg, targeting Rann with her lousy aim wearing a silk-coated glove, instead of Starra.
I gasped then growled, charging ahead, shoving Rann against the side wall. He was safe but stumbled forward landing down on his kneecaps, slamming his nose bridge into the concrete without passing out, rupturing both of his interior tissue on each nose hole. He wiped off the blood and coughed out his breaths of relieve and worry.
I rushed ahead then tripped on my long dress hemline, colliding into Rita, knocking her body a few inches from her spot. I reached up and jerking her shooting arm into the ceiling. A second red wave hit the ceiling planks breaking an array of sharp razor-like tiles on top of our heads, both arms, and each collar bone. I released Rita and jumped back dancing around, flicking each heated ceiling particles from my burning body parts.
The dagger slipped down from her gloved hand falling onto the wooden planks with a soft thump, switching the maser into her other gloved hand, wiping off each heated ceiling particle from the ruined dress fabric on her collar bone while grunting in frustration.
I dropped down on the floor crying in pain with my burnt skin tissues. Rita finished flicking each heated particle from her gala frock then looked down with laughter, aiming the heated barrel on the maser pistol at Starra.
Rann stood upright then spun around, leaning against the wall, shouting at Rita, “Back down, Rita!” Starra continued to cry from the pain and cuddled on the floor.
She sneered down at Starra. “I’ll finish this now.”
“Leave before I kill you Rita!” Rann held his breath and whipped out his master pistol from his leg hostler aiming it at her face.
She faced then screamed at Rann, pointing the maser barrel at the side wall, gasping in shock, “What! What is this? Do you really wanna kill me? Don’t you mean that you wanna kill her, Rann?”
He sneered. “I am not going to kill her, but I will kill you.”
“Rann!”
“Now!”
“Rann!” Rita frowned with defeat.
“Guards!” Rann called out and continued to hold the maser on Rita while slowly back stepping from Rita and getting help for Starra. “Guards! Guards! Guards…”
Rita slowly spun around in shock and stared at the open archway, gasping in alarm at Rann’s harsh action. Rann continued to yell, “Guards! Guards!” He stopped inside the archway then swung around, sneering at Rita. She sneered at Rann then turned only her sour face, growling at Starra down on the floor, without swinging her non-dominate gloved hand with the maser pistol onto Starra, pressing the button. She fired a red wave and hit the chest cavity on Rann.
Rann gasped in pain and stared at his attacker while wording without sound from his parted lips: Rita.
I did not move from the floor but executed a Tele shove with my telekinesis hitting his partial burned body into the empty hallway. A second maser ray came from the maser pistol hitting the floor, scarring the wooden planks. Rann launched forward hitting the side wall inside the hallway with great force leaving a blood imprint against the indigo paint, dropping down into a fetus position. He started bleeding over his wound, his dirty clothes and the clean floor.
She gasped in shock at an injured Rann then viewed Starra, sneering at the troublemaker. “Don’t move!”
“Rann, he needs immediate medical attention now.” I gasped in shock and worry and concern. I sighed with true love.

Once a person becomes dead within the current alien timeline, the person never comes back into the next alien timeline.

“I’ll get him medical attention, after I kill you.” She spun around and aimed the heated barrel on the maser at Starra.
I executed a Tele fling with my telekinesis snatching the foot stool from the sitting chair in front of my body blocking the red wave of death. The beam hits part of my exposed naked arm and melted the wood and metal on the foot stool. I tossed it away from my body, before getting additional burnt skin tissue and then roll over the floor avoiding another red flame of death. Rita growled and continued to turn in her fluffy, puffy gala gown, firing the maser pistol with a silk-coated gloved hand while missing Starra with her lousy aim.
I executed a Tele jump from the floor and dashed towards the open archway for a swift escape from death as shooting pain sticks stabbed my wounded body parts going through each neuron cell creating a dizzy headache and a pair of blurry eyeballs, but I could see the tunnel of light, the hallway.
Rita cursed in frustration her lack of accuracy in killing Starra and ripped off the glove hand, dropping the maser down on the floor, racing ahead to the food table and grabbed the food tray comprised of heavy silver-tinted minerals. She held her breath, aimed, tossed, and connected with Starra, cheering her aim and waving both of her arms in victory.
The heavy food tray hit my back spine and as I performed a body slam starting at my kneecaps, then both of my elbows and finally my nostrils down towards the wooden floor quickly using my telekinesis on my face, without busting my nose bridge. I rested my tired face sideways on top of the cool floor, hearing bouts of wild laughter, an array of heavy footfalls, and a set of faint voices. Then I fainted into darkness.
Alien Day 128


New medical ward location
Dark blue sky with rain sheets at 76% precipitation and 65°F
8th hour (early morning)


I awoke in extreme body pain and felt extreme cold air currents whispering for my eardrums only, “This ain’t my timeline!” I viewed a white tinted ceiling of wooden planks and was resting inside a hollowed but contained metal U-shaped bed frame with rattling hard ice cubes and calm waves of extremely fragile cold water hearing the air-conditioning motor blowing more icy cold air molecules around the room. My wet body was freezing like an ice cube and my pink tinted gala gown was soggy wet ruining the fabric. I viewed my air breathe in strings of white tinted misty plumes dancing across the light artificial breeze. I sighed with coldness.
Double vision clouded both of my eyeballs. I slurred my words when whispering and could not hear other loud sounds. I felt weak and tired wearing a severe headache. Fluid drainage flowed down from both of my nose holes and running off my parted lips. I sighed with unhealthy.

Note: A Tele trance of healing only works when I engage the Tele talent, not voluntarily.

I closed my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
Using my telemetabolics, I performed a Tele scan on my aching body, noting a head concession.
Rita possessed an accurate pitching arm, if not incompetent with a deadly weapon. She had threatened to kill Starra three different tries and then failed using the deadly weapon.
I am still alive, if not for the efforts of my man Rann, saving my life. I sigh with true love.
Using my telemetabolics, I cleared all the fuzzy and dizzy sensations from each tingling neuron first slowly moving down touching each cell, blood vessel, and organ then feeling a healthy, not injured body. My Tele talents started warming up my freezing-cold body temperature into a normal biological stage that quickly started melting the hard ice cubes. I sighed with hotness.
I slowly turned my face seeing a long and wide rectangular-shaped room in white hue, smelling the sterile crisp antiseptic odors mixed with the cold air molecules. My mysterious bed with cold water was positioned a few feet from the entrance wall.
The entrance wall contained a single closed door near the wall corner then a solid wall of white paint, and finally the mysterious bed of cold water. I frowned with confusion at my new location, which was not my old hotel room, turning my face, quickly scanning my new prisoner room. Each long side wall was empty without book shelves, furniture pieces, nice wall decorations, or a single glass window that exposed the time of day or night. However, my Tele talents tattled within my body it was the eighth hour of an early morning of a new day. I sighed with information.
The rear wall held nothing but more white tinted paint. However, I greatly desired to explore and wander about my new room, without a bodyguard, in robot or flesh format.
I jerked my non-dominate arm in the air then gasped in shock, scanning my limb, seeing a metal cuff on my wrist bone that was attached to the left-side metal railing on the ugly U-shaped bed frame. My metal cuff was linked to a long metal chain at the left-side metal leg on the ugly U-shaped bed frame, which appeared like a hospital bed, not a regular sleeping bed frame. The ugly U-shaped bed frame stood a few feet from the clean hard tile floor in solid white hue without a speckle of dark or light dirt or dust bunnies. I signed with impressive.
This place was one of the damaged but upright hotel buildings that had been destroyed during one of the numerous Civil Wars within the first alien timeline. Thus, this Civil War was a continuous battle for rule or reign of the galaxy which was always started by Dirk and his side kick Rita while killing off as many nobles as possible. Dirk and Rita had succeeded too.
My new environment was an enclosed room without a single glass window exposing the sunlight and the outside elements. Thus, my eyeballs, my eardrums, my nose holes, and my mind did not know the time or place or weather conditions. However, my awesome Tele talents relayed all the new information within seconds inside my regular senses.
“The time ticks towards the eighth hour of a new morning with dark blue skies and heavy sheets of raindrops at 76 percent precipitation and 65 degrees Fahrenheit. Today is not a nice day for a picnic with Rann,” I grinned with a giggle. I sighed with silliness.
This room was part of the hotel building which was located on a different floor. I realized that the old hotel building had to house a medical ward for an injured hiker or water skier or drunken gambler, so this was the spot for medical services.


I mentally flashed back in the past, within the first alien timeline, I had visited a healthier Planet Resort.

The world featured tons of lush pale and dark green colored forests of trees, scrubs, and wild animal life forms. The soil was black tinted for hiking. The pale green tinted waters were clean for numerous fun sports activities.

Each paved street without an air space displayed fun colors of orange, yellow, green, blue, red, pink, purple, and more on the neon signs. The signs advertised fun games, glittery merchandise, big hotels, and good smelling eateries.

Lines of happy men, women, teenagers, children and elderly citizens formed numerous fun parades dancing to the jazzy musical song, singing off-key, marching towards one of the tall and glittering hotel buildings for a day in the sea waters or a night in the gambling casinos.

The planet offered a fun, adventurous relaxing time for all families including one lost alien.


Then I mentally flashed present and stared at the long side wall in white hue, exhaling with defeat, disappointment, and sorrow. “All of that is gone now due to Dirk! I have caused this mess and lost my best friend, my future husband, and my man,” I growled in fury. “You are next on my death list, Dirk!” I looked down and examined my bruised wrist bone, my new metal bracelet, and the long chain on the floor pondering a new escape plan with dire complications. Then I heard a set of faint voices. Correction there! I heard a set of faint breathing sounds producing a long steady, subtle, low, slow breath. Something was inside the room with me. I sighed with panic.
I slowly turned to face the opposite side of the room and focused my eyesight on an object that blended into white wall, quickly jerking my arm with the metal cuff in the air that restricted my limited distance while getting a better view of the mysterious object, yelling in pain, “Ouch!” I examined my collar bone, which was hard to do as it existed beyond my eyeballs. However, my collar bone from the ceiling heated particles was still recovering from my first healing touch and displayed an array of ugly brightly tinted pink gooey blisters which were slowly popping open and caused some minor pain within my body.

I am not a perfect, ya’ll!

I closed my two gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate.
I performed a Tele heal using my telemetabolics on every blister popping each one, spurting the body fluid in the air that splatter on the clean sterile white tinted wall paint. I quickly mended each shallow hole and ripped the skin tissue over the dent producing a layer of pink tinted healing skin on my wounded collar bone. By the end of the day, after applying bouts of healing talents, my skin will heal into a light tan hue. I really needed to suntan getting back my glowing golden tone. I sighed with sunlight.
I opened my eyelids and stared down at the wet dress which was not dirty but torn in spots, exhaling with healthy sensations, looking back at the mysterious object across the room. I sighed with scared excitement.
I slowly stood upright on my wet kneecaps in the calm water making small waves, banging the linked chain rope on the bed railing, clearly seeing the object on the side wall. And my eyeballs quickly adjusted to the dimmer lighted lamps on that side of the room also. I sighed with danger.
I didn’t want to perform a mental Tele probe which might accidentally awaken the sleeping monster that was barely breathing in pain or trouble. I was a trapped and helpless prisoner also inside this cold room.
I performed a Tele grab lifting the chain off the floor in the air waves slowly standing upright inside the metal floor on the U-shape bed of heated water, lengthening the chain to its maximum distance and ripped more of the gala gown. I still could not distinguish the thing inside the object. I sighed with frustration.
I executed a Tele leap from the heated water then a Tele land beside the linked chain, settling on top of a wet floor coming from the water splashes inside the U-shaped bed frame. I executed a Tele grab then a Tele pull, slowly padding ahead while pulling bed frame which possessed a set of twirling wheels directly towards the object. I sighed with curiosity.
My hemline on my dress dragged then ripped off in long fabric pieces from the shuffling the chain then getting eaten up and spat out by the four rotating wheels on the bed frame. I could view a shiny piece of glass on the object that appeared in the shape a coffin then halted. I sighed with inquisitiveness.
Someone had died within their dead body which was resting in the same room with Starra.
I started padding ahead and performed a Tele pull on that heavy tube bed of water, heading closer to the glass coffin using my telekinesis, tripping then tearing more of my hemline. I always splashed water out from the tube onto the floor. I sighed with deep curiosity.
I still could not see the monster due to the mathematical angle of the bed from the wall and moved closer to the coffin, hearing a set of faint noises from the exterior hallway walls. The faint noise was getting closer producing a series of loud sounds near the locked and closed door. I sigh with huge inquisitiveness.
I wanted to see the monster before another life form released the thing into my enclosed room. I sighed with fear.
I continued to perform a Tele pull dragging the heavy frame bed closer for a quick glance inside the glass object, seeing the interior view, gasping in alarm. My tears started flowing down my two cheekbones creating a heavy heart and a sad face. I sighed with death.
Rann clearly rested inside that glass coffin and was clearly dead. I sighed with sorrow.
Rann will not come back to see me into the current alien timeline or any of the future alien timelines, if I die in this one. Once dead, always gone! He will live but die again in the next alien timeline. He will live and never marry me but continue to die in each newly created alien timeline as I cannot figure out how to escape from the continuous newly created space continuum either. I sigh with sorrow.
Back inside the cold room, I stood in sorrow and defeat, sobbing with sad emotions, flooding my body and the floor with my sad tears for dead and departed Prince Rann. And Viscountess Rita had murdered Rann inside the room. I sighed with sorrow.
On the entrance door, the door knob rattled a soft warning without opening. I gasped in alarm then executed a Tele flight with my telekinesis cleaning up the pieces of dirty torn gala gown fabric from the floor, evaporating all the water puddles from the floor too while racing my upright body and that heavy bed frame smoothly backwards over a dry floor back into the wall corner on the entrance door. I didn’t bother to halt but performed a Tele leap from the dry, semi-clean floor, landing back down in the cold metal tub without water. The chain link clanked against each bed leg and on the floor. I slowly sat down watching the closed metal door, wiping off the sad tears of defeat, disappointment, and death of my man Rann. I sighed with sorrow.
“You need a key to open the locked door, Rita.” A male timber laughed out loud and stood hidden behind the closed door. 
The door slammed open hitting the side wall and revealed Rita, shouting out loud. “Get away from me!” She wore a pink tinted velveteen ankle-length frock and appeared alive, healthy, and unharmed. 
From my U-shaped tub of heated water, I sneered at Rita not clearly seeing her body or her beautiful dress, within my blurry eyeballs, whipping away my tears of sorrow. I sighed with sadness.
I turned and viewed the glass coffin, not really seeing Rann but wishing Rann was alive, healthy, and unharmed, instead of a dead body that was preserved for the royal funeral pile. I sighed with revenge.
More loud sounds and voices echoed into the cold prisoner room and inside the dark hallway.  I stared at the closed door. I sighed with doom.
“Move away from the door, Rita! I want inside too,” the familiar baritone timber coming from Ambassador Ty of Planet Agri yelled first then shoved his hand at the back spine on Rita. She entered the room then scooted sideways, standing against the side wall, scanning the room. She viewed Starra then smiled with happiness.
Ty entered the room and wore his traditional noble dark green tinted outfit, a sleeveless vest without a shirt and an exposed chest full of muscles, a matching pair of trousers tucked down into a pair of polished brown tinted knee boots, without his pretty wife. He possessed a head of cropped blonde colored hair and a tone of dark skin with a pair of brown eyeballs.
Marquis Tok owned the two man-made space stations named Uni and Bio and wore a sissy lavender colored silk shirt, a pair of dark trousers tucked down into a pair of polished black tinted knee boots, and a long indigo tinted cape flowing down from his six feet plus tall and wide body frame that easily carried his 300 plus pounds of taunt and tight muscles, without escorting his wife also.
I bet another noble or male never teased Tok about his closet of sissy colored silk shirts.
Tok presented a very tall and athletic built with a shoulder length brown colored hair and a tint of pale colored skin, and pair of violet eyeballs that matched his lavender sissy colored silk shirt.
General Ivan owned and operated the man-made space station named Militia and seemed to gain more weight around his pot belly middle section and less weight from his bone skull, which meant he was even balder than the last alien timeline. He displayed whips of gray tinted hair strands and a pale tinted skin, wearing a nicely ironed and neatly pressed dark blue military uniform without the medals and a pair of polished dark blue shoes following behind Tok.
A floating silver-tinted cylinder shape or visualize a floating garage trashcan with a flat lid and two empty teacup eyeballs without a set of wiry arms which were stored inside the belly section. The front of the cylinder metal contained a television screen that displayed words for a human and instructions to other non-human life forms. The first Bbot entered the room next and led a parade of four black tinted large square-shaped metal boxes with a second floating robot in the rear.
I stared at the two robots than viewed Ty, Tok, and finally Rita. They were the only people left from the mighty noble clan here within the unknown universe. The rest of the noble and noblettes were dead and gone as the names and faces invaded my active mind, including Ann, Lady of Bonita; Bartholomew, Baron of Agri; Bea, Countess of Ice; Dee, Marquise of Resort; Dov, Count of Ice; Ito, Priest of Bio; Ivy, Baronetess of Agri, Jo, Governess of Uni; Jon, Governor of Uni, Lad, Viscount of Tech; Las, Priestess of Bio; Rex, King of Commerce; Rosa, Lady of Bonita, Roy, Marquis of Resort; Viv, Princess of Sahara and Zak, Baronet of Agri.
Of course, there was noble King Dirk, but I didn’t count him as a man or a mammal, only a villain within the storyline.
Now, I must add Prince Rann among the newest group of dead people within all the newly destroyed places, where I continued to live without purpose and then come back here without reason. I sighed with sorrow.
I wiped the tears of sadness and sorrow wondering about my life form trapped here inside a new prisoner room, on a damaged planet, with the last nobles, within the unknown universe. I sighed with defeat.
I had been living…naw…surviving in this new…naw…familiar galaxy for 128 days. Each day and night totals 20 hours. An Earth day and night totals 24 hours.
I watched the nobles and the nasty noblette on the entrance wall, whispering for my eardrums only, “So, I have been surviving here on a new world, in a new galaxy for four months based on Earth time. That’s a short period of time for experiencing some many different people, places, and predicaments, both bad and good. Now, I face the old but new set of nobles, who will judge and decide my life force without the protection of my man Rann.”
Ambassador Ty stopped and stood in the middle of the long side wall, slapping the wall. The wall slowly lifted a hidden panel exposing a row of comfortable sitting chairs. He smiled at the chairs. Tok and Ivan stopped beside Ty spinning around, smiling down at the hidden row of chairs also. Rita stood on the entrance wall and continued to smile while softly sneering at Starra.
The train of robots and the four metal boxes carefully flew by the row of standing nobles then halted a few feet surrounding the glass coffin that held Prince Rann. Each robot flew around then halted in front of a metal box carefully starting to open each box, fiddling with the contents inside.
Ty spun around and stared at the two robots, slowly padding around, stopping and stood behind the semi-circle of metal boxes. He stared at the lead medical biological robot named Bbot-one that was marked with a four wire arms for a medical operation, “What is a heart graft, Bbot-one?”
Bbot-one continued to open each hidden compartment and exposed the medical equipment while narrating to the citizen, “A transplant is categorized as autograft, allograft, isograft, xenograft, split, or domino.”
Ty could not see the contents inside each metal box but watched each robot work. “Which transplant category will be used on Rann?”
“I will use the autograft transplant technique for one vein extraction that will store all of the non-contaminated warm blood proteins for his new heart organ. However, I need a donor, who is both alive and well, for this easy surgical procedure. The group consensus with my fellow biomedical robots agrees with the overall medical plan using a living subject with renewable tissue and fluids coming from a live body that can provide the life-saving blood transfusion into Prince Rann and all of his new cells for his rejuvenation organ process.”
“What is a rejuvenation organ process?” Tok appeared and stood beside Ty, frowning with worry for his friend Rann, asking the lead robot.
Bbot-one explained, “Stem cell rejuvenation is a highly successful treatment plus a permanent clinic solution for a medical patient like Prince Rann, who possesses extensive biological damage to his vital heart organ. Stems are a set of primal cells which are found in all multi-cellular organisms that retain the ability to renew life through cell division then growth and finally transformation into a set of specialized cells with characteristics consistent with related tissues, such as, muscles and nerves that occurs through cell culture rather than the traditional harvesting of an organ through an almost dead body with the standard medical procedure.”
Ivan appeared and stood beside Tok, sneering at the two robots. “What does all that bio-tech babble mean for Rann? Tell me now!” He crossed his arms and continued to sneer at the two machines.
“We will grow a living organ and then transplant a new heart inside Prince Rann.” Bbot-one continued to work and narrated to the nobles.
“Is that even medically possible, Bbot-one?” Ty frowned.
Bbot-one said, “We have the technology to repair him better than before.”
Tok shook his shoulder length brown curls at the robot, “But Rann’s heart organ died when the maser ray exploded all of heart valves and arties. The organ storage here within this medical ward does not include any extra human hearts, Bbot-one.”
“You are correct, Marquise Tok.  So, we have to find him a new heart organ.” Bbot-one continued to work.
“And how do you do that, Bbot?” Ivan gasped in shock.
Bbot-one and Bbot-two finished their work then flew together without colliding, hovering in front of the middle section of boxes facing the nobles. Bbot-one said. “The question must be answered here. Who has the new heart organ?”
“Her!” Bbot-two lifted one wiry arm and pointed at the entrance wall.
“Her!” Ty spun around and gasped in shock, staring at Rita on the entrance wall.
“Her!” Tok copied Ty’s movements and sneered at Rita also.
“Her!” Ivan copied Ty’s movements and sneered at Rita too.
“Me!” Rita gasped in fear and slapped her chest.
“No! The other female is sitting in the hospital bed on the entrance wall,” Bbot-two continued to point on the entrance wall at Starra.
“Me!” I gasped in shock.
Rita exhaled with relief then pointed at Starra. “She is the prisoner here.”
Ty frowned. “I do not understand, Bbot-two!”
Tok frowned.  “Explain your position, Bbot-one!”
Bbot-two continued to point at Starra. Bbot-one said. “The prisoner is the donor. She is an exact paired-exchange match to the prince with her organic tissues. She is compatible to his biological system.”
Ivan nodded with an evil laughed. “I understand and I agree. You’re going to cut out her heart and replace the organ down into Rann.” He laughed with Rita.
Bbot-one explained, “We are going to splice a piece of her artery valve from her healthy heart organ, then grow, feed and shape the bloody, slimy, fleshy sliver into a new heart and then implant a new functioning organ down in Prince Rann.”
“Why do you want her?” Ty frowned at Starra.
“The decision to use a donor is based on the recipient’s biological criteria. She is the donor for Rann. She holds the correct proportion of proteins, enzymes, and agents in her blood system to make this medical surgery process possible for Rann’s cellular structure which allows the re-generation of his heart, veins, and artery muscles needed for a fully functioning organ to survive inside his body.”
Bbot-two floated back and forth across the four metal boxes sometimes blocking Bbot-one, pulling out numerous pieces of medical equipment, consisting of a respiratory therapy machine, two lung breathing ventilators, three oxygen tanks, and numerous shiny surgical instruments, placing each item on top of the metal box.
Tok nodded. “I heard the medical explanation. But how is this possible for her to be the donor? She is the enemy that works for Dirk. I have never met or seen this female before today.”
Bbot-two continued to point at Starra. Bbot-one said, “I cannot answer that question. I do not know the answer, which is a medical mystery. Once I…”
“Me!” Ivan ripped off his sleeve and spun around, displaying his naked forearm, “Me! What about me? I can provide my personal heart sliver artery to Rann. Take it from me now, robot!”
“You did not possess those particular biological and chemical human traits, General Ivan but it is a nice gesture for your prince and your friend. And no other citizen does either. I have double and triple-checked the citizen bot data base very carefully. I am the head medical advisor inside this civilian compound. She is the bestest candidate in the universe to save Prince Rann’s life.”
Ivan frowned then laughed, spinning around, staring at Starra. “Excellent. She will not die.”
“Good!” Rita softly clapped and laughed out loud.
“That is incorrect, General Ivan!” Bbot-one said without a metal expression on its belly section.
“Too bad!” She frowned.
“The present state of technology for cell extraction is both painless and safe for a medical patient and a medical donor. The prisoner will live for another one hundred years.” Bbot-one said.
I wiggled in the warm water and giggled with delight becoming saved by the bell…naw…the robot. I sighed with life.
A Bbot was going to cut through the skin, taking my heart tissue, and giving Rann his new heart organ. I greatly desired to give Rann my heart but not literally. To save his life, I must do it. I sighed with true love.
“Well, let’s get this party started and perform the surgical operation right here and right now!” Ivan whipped his silver tinted dagger from his utility belt and held the weapon near his sour frown, sneering at Starra, expressing intense hate and great harm to the military commander as soon as possible.
“I require a clean, germ-free, crisp-smelling, sterile environment to perform any medical surgical operation.” Bbot-one said.
“Put the knife away, Ivan!” Ty reached over and slammed the arm on Ivan. Ivan dropped his arm but continued to cuddle the dagger in his cupped hand while sneering at Starra.
“When is this surgical heart organ growth then transplantation operation scheduled?” Tok asked.
“In precisely fifteen minutes, the live dual medical surgery is scheduled simultaneously for economical purposes.” Bbot-one said.
“What are the economical purposes?  I don’t understand that statement, Bbot-one.” Ty frowned.
“There is only one existing heart ventilator machine located here in this compound which Prince Rann happens to be using. We do not have a set of efficient medical surgery equipment for a full heart transplantation. We have to become innovated and then improvise a set of new medical surgery techniques for this usual human organ medical procedure.” Bbot-one stated.
“Like what exactly? I require greater details of your new medical surgical procedures, before you cut on Rann.” Ty spun around and sneered at the lead robot, feeling worry for his friend.
“Ambassador Ty, time is of the essence now.” Bbot-one said to Ty.
Bbot-two dropped its metal arm then reached down placing its six metal fingers over a lever, starting at the interior compartment inside the first metal box, viewing a small television monitor that showed Rann’s vital signs of health. “Do you want me to cut the cord now?”
“What does that mean, Bbot-one? I want some answers before you start to cut on Rann,” Tok spun around and growled at the lead robot also, feeling concern for his friend. Too many of his friends and fellow nobles had died from the Civil War with nasty noble Dirk, who had assumed the position of king without asking permission, only killing off the nobles that could have stopped him.
“Do not cut off the power cord yet, Bbot-two. You will remove the power cord to the artificial heart-lung machine, after his new heart organ has grown up and then is placed down into Rann’s chest cavity to ensure his continued breathing for life.” Bbot-one stated.
Ty turned and frowned to Tok. Tok nodded back to Ty in silence. They were both concerned for Rann. But Rann had a hole in his chest cavity filled with an artificial heart device that could not sustain his life force for another two days and nights, without a medical miracle. Now, the biomedical robot had found one in a randomly captured prisoner, who fought for the wrong side of the Civil War. This war is crazy and insane on every citizen within the universe.
Ty nodded back in silence then viewed the lead robot, “Proceed.” Ty, Tok and Ivan back stepped from the four metal boxes filled with medical surgical equipment and the two robots, spinning around, moving out of the way but not out of sight, sitting down in the row of chairs. Each one carefully watched and listened to the robots.
Ty wiped the wet sweat from his worried brow with his manly handkerchief. Tok leaned back into the cushions and watched with a worried patience. Ivan wiggled down into the chair but continued to cup his dagger in his palm while staring at Rann.
Rita sneered at Starra one more time then viewed the row of chairs, slowly strolling forward from the entrance wall, sitting lady-like in the last chair away from the three nobles. Each noble was unhappy, worried, and anger at the medical condition of Rann and didn’t want to hear an explanation, only seeking revenge, after healing the prince.
On the entrance wall, in the tub of warm water, I did not move, blink, or breathe but watched the commotion around the room. I sighed with death.
Bbot-one continued to hover beside the second robot without a facial expression on its belly screen talking through a set of hidden speakers throughout the cylinder-shaped body to the row of nobles and Starra also, “Gentlemen and ladies, allow me to ensure you here that there is less risk for my medical patient and a better recovery time for my medical patient while implementation my newly developed medical surgical procedures. The post-operative survival rate is one hundred percent. I promise to General Ivan, who has personal threatened metal pain and my machine live force.”
Ivan laughed alone. “Yeah, metal brains got that right!”
The robot continued. “The surgical procedure will enhance Rann’s life force without the standard rejection of the heart muscle along with the traditional side effects coming from administrating numerous pharmacy drugs. Rann will not experience an infection within his liver organ, his two kidney organs, his spleen, his intestines, or his stomach muscles. Rann will not receive or create any type of tainted or contaminated blood proteins running through his entire chemical and biological human body systems. I am ready to begin the medical surgical operation. Please clear the medical surgical operating theater, Bbot-two.” Bbot-two floated upwards before flying towards the row of nobles.
Ivan stood upright then whipped out his maser pistol, aiming at Bbot-tow first then Bbot-one while growling at both of the robots, “We are all staying and watching, specifically you, Bot. Do you understand my human protocol procedure?”
“As you wish! All nobles and noblettes will stay and watch the medical surgical procedure.” Bbot-one flipped out one metal arm and waved it around the room. “I oversee this medical surgical procedure and each noble and noblette must wear a sterile surgical gown in chick colored yellow with a matching face mask as the watcher for the surgical operation without contaminating the operating theater and my medical patient with their drifting nasty human germs. And each noble and noblette is forbidden to interfere with me or my staff member. I will not be pleased, and the consequences will not be pleasant for you, including General Ivan with his small weapon,” its belly screen produced a red tinted image of a skull with crossed bone against a black background for each pair of human eyeballs.
Bbot-two grabbed three wiry armful of cloth gowns and face masks floating above the row of metal boxes, steering towards the row of nobles, dropping the pile of items down on top of Ivan. Ivan gasped in shock then dropped down his shooting arm while sneering in fury at the silly bot.
Tok laughed at the silly robot and its sillier image, standing upright from his chair, collecting the surgical items, passing out to his fellow royals. He dressed in silly yellow gown then slammed a set of gear into the pot belly on Ivan. “We promise, Bbot. We will not interfere. Get dressed and then sit down, Ivan. Let the bot save Rann.” He spun around and sat down, smiling at Bbot and its metal guts confronting an anger Ivan.
Ivan huffed with annoyance then quickly dressed in the girly gown, sitting down, carefully watching each bot while cuddling his small weapon that could melt the metal materials off the arrogant machine.
I was not offered a surgical gown or a face mask, but I had my Tele talents. I sighed with dread.
“I will summarize the overall medical surgical protocol and explain each surgical procedure which will be administrated step by step for Prince Rann to ensure your understanding and my continued existence as the head biomedical robot.” Bbot-one displayed a smile on its belly section while the nobles chuckled with amusement. The robot removed the image and then continued. “At present, the medical situation shows Prince Rann without a heart organ. He is living on an artificial respiratory machine which is pumping his blood proteins and oxygen molecules throughout his biological and chemical body. The unconscious body will live in this current state for another six hours. Then the biological and chemical body of Prince Rann will cease to function as a life force. I will fashion a new heart organ for him and then transplant the organ down into his empty cavity chest. Thus, Prince Rann will live for another hundred years.”
“What does the term fashion mean?” Ty asked with confusion and worry, wearing the sissy yellow tinted gown and the face mask covering his handsome facial features.
“The term means to grow an organ outside the biological and chemical human body.”
“So, you are going to grow Rann a new heart organ.” Ty frowned.
Tok flipped his hand near the face mask then dropped it feeling worry, “Wait, Bbot! How do you grow a heart organ inside a renovated hotel room that looks like a medical suite? This isn’t a traditional operating room for a traditional medical physician and a medical patient. Can it do this, Ty?” Tok turned and viewed the nose profile on Ty. Ty did not bother to answer but shrugged a shoulder to Tok.
“We have the technology.” Bbot-one said.
Ty nodded. “So, Rann will receive a new heart organ and survive.”
“Prince Rann will survive and live for another one hundred years with a touch of tender loving care.” Bbot-one presented another new image of a yellow tinted smile on a black tinted background. I sighed with shock.
I gasped in alarm and started at the robot. That was my robot, where I had reprogrammed it for fun inside that silly high schooler testing center sixteen days ago, when I was young and naïve.
Bbot-one flew sideways shoving its fellow robot sideways also then pointed down at a device on top of the second metal container, “The newly grown heart organ will be extracted from a donor using a small tissue of an existing healthy heart organ. Then that sliver of tissue will re-generate inside this mechanic device for five minutes becoming a fully functional working organ for Rann.”
“That is simply remarkable!” Tok smiled.
“No! Not really for a Bbot!” Bbot-one said and presented a new image on its belly section showing a pale blue tinted smile on a black tinted background then it disappeared. The bot fiddled with the row of smaller equipment pieces. Are we ready, Bbot-two?”
Bbot-two floated in the air and stared down at the equipment, fiddling with the instruments, “Yes, I am ready to proceed with the surgical operation, Bbot-one. Prince Rann is the recipient of the organ. Lady Starra is the donor of the tissue.”
“Lady! I’m the only lady in here.” Rita slapped her chest then sneered at the robot, pointing at Rann then Starra. “Wouldn’t it be faster and easier to take out her healthy pumping heart organ and then transplant it down into Rann’s chest cavity? Then he will certainly survive for another one hundred years.”
“You are correct, Viscountess Rita. That surgical medical procedure is possible.” Bbot-one said without waving around any wiry limbs
Ivan continued to sit and grunted with annoyance. “Hey! I have already suggested that swiftly medical solution. So, do it, too it, now!”
I gasped in shock and swiftly worked on my escape plan right now. I sighed with bloody flight, not fight.
Bbot-one said, “General Ivan, I have stated to you that I need the donor’s proteins, enzymes, and tissues in order to grow then implant a new healthy heart organ for Prince Rann. If you continue to interrupt my delicate medical work here, then I will dismiss you from my operating theater. Then you can wait outside the locked door for the final medical outcomes.”
Tok laughed. “Shut up, Ivan! Go on and do it, too it, Bot!” Ivan softly growled but continued to sit in silence.
Bbot-one stated. “The donor will be anesthetized before the removal of a tiny fleshy bloody sliver sample from her pumping heart organ.”
“You mean etherized into death, don’t you?” Ivan laughed with Rita.
“I do not believe you understand the proper medical term, General Ivan. The word is anesthesia, which is the process of placing drugs into an organic body for numbing of his or her nervous system, before surgical removal of his or her skin or organ tissue.”
He laughed again. “O! I did misunderstand. I though you wanted a deceased donor.” Rita laughed with Ivan.
“I want an alive and breathing donor. I need her blood proteins for the first blood transfusion, after the completion of the heart organ transplantation.”
“O! I got it. Then you are going to etherized her into death.” Ivan laughed with Rita.
“No.” Bbot-one said.
“Well, I also recommend that you go and harvest all her healthy functioning body organs then and go and transplant each one into all of our sick and wounded citizens that had suffered during Dirk’s surprise air raid, a couple of days ago, as she is the cause and the commander of those troopers.” Ivan turned and sneered at Starra.
“Stop sparking an ethical and moral debate, Ivan!” Ty growled. “We all feel the same way towards Dirk, Ivan. He should be here and then we can take his organs for our wounded warriors.”
Rita smiled. “You ask too many complicated questions, Ivan. Keep the plan simply here and remove her pumping heart organ and let her die on her death day.”
Ty turned and sneered at Rita, “Shut up, nobles and noblettes! Quit arguing with Bbot and allow the robot to finish its job of saving Rann’s life, before Rann’s life force time expires.” He turned and flipped his hand in the air. “Get started with the operation, Bbot!”
“Begin the heart growth operation, Bbot-two!” Bbot-one looked down and monitored the screen. Bbot-two flew in the air, sailed over the metal boxes, soared ahead then carefully landed beside the ugly U-shaped hospital bed, staring down at the metal cuff bracelet. It reached out with one wiry arm and snatched up the cuff, trying to pen the lock. The metal cuff did not open. The robot asked. “Who possesses the key to the metal bracelet cuff on the donor?”
Ty slowly stood upright from the chair and stared at the back spine on Bbot-two. “What are you talking about, Bbot-two? What key are you referencing?”
I need the metal cuff key to remove the metal cuff bracelet off the donor.”
Ty turned and viewed Ivan. “Do you possess the metal cuff bracelet key opening the metal bracelet, Ivan?”
Ivan smiled and continued to sit. “No. I do not.”
“Tok, do you possess the metal cuff bracelet key?”
“Nope!” Tok shook his bone skull with the face mask.
Ty frowned inside his face mask, “Rita, did you not hand cuff the prisoner into the metal bracelet? Where is the metal cuff bracelet key?”
“I don’t want her loose and fancy-free running around the compound.” Rita sneered at Starra.
Bbot-two twisted its flat head and pointed its two teacup eyeballs at Rita. “Do you possess the metal cuff bracelet key that releases the old fashion metal cuff?”
She leaned back into the soft cushions and crossed her arms, frowning at the robot. “No! I don’t have the dang key. I don’t know here the dang key is. And I don’t wanna go and find that dang key either.”
My Tele senses pinged. Everything ain’t fine.
I wiggled inside the dry tube floor with worry. I had spilled out all the water. Or the water had evaporated from my heated body into the air making the room humid with wet air currents. I sighed with annoyance.
Bbot-two said. “I must remove the metal cuff bracelet before I can start the heart transplantation operation in order to save Prince Rann’s life force within the time limit that is slowly ticking off the hours, minutes, seconds, and milliseconds.”
Ty frowned and shook his bone skull with the face mask feeling panic and worry. “Does anyone know the location of another duplicate metal cuff bracelet key throughout the hotel building?”
Ivan slowly stood with his heavy weight and grinned, moving ahead from the row of chairs, aiming the cold barrel on his maser pistol at Starra. He stopped and stood beside Ty, winking at Starra, “Allow me the honor!”
Ty reached over and jerked the weapon from Ivan, posing the barrel on the metal cuff, not at Starra. “I will…”
“…keep her alive…” Ivan laughed with Rita.
“Barely!” Tok continued to sit and enjoyed the fun atmosphere. “We are all very familiar with your survival methods, Ivan.” He laughed with Rita.
Bbot-two steered away from Ty then viewed Starra in silence.
Ty adjusted the maser setting to stun, not kill, which would destroy the ancient rusty metal minerals on the old-fashioned cuff, without harming Starra. “As long as Rann is still alive and breathing air molecules, he is our leader and I obey his commands. He wants the hostage alive and unharmed. So, I will obey that command, also.” He viewed each noble. “Does every person understand me here?” Each noble nodded in silence. Ty looked back and aimed the cold barrel at the cuff.
I leaned my arm over the railing of the bed then scooted the rest of my body to the side. I closed my two eyelashes and quickly prayed for his precise and perfect marksman with that maser beam.
Ty fired a single wave at the center of the cuff. The locked quickly melted into a gooey liquid dropping down into a small pie of silver metal on the tile floor.
“You missed her!” Rita clapped for fun and laughed with Ivan.
“Great shot, sir!” Tok smiled.
I quickly shook the melting hot iron metal off my wrist bone hearing it fall on the floor into the puddle of silver goo with my two Tele eardrums. I sighed with life.
“The metal cuff is removed.” Ty winked at Starra and powered down the master, storing the item down into his interior pocket vest.
“She must remove her dress.” Bbot-two pointed at Starra.
I gasped in shock then crossed my arms over the dirty dress, “No!”
“What’s the problem now?” Ty turned and frowned at the robot.
Bbot-two said, “The ugly garment will interfere with the heart transplantation operation. She must remove that item which is contaminated with numerus germs that will affect patient Rann without saving his life.”
Ty exhaled with annoyance then whipped out his silver tinted dagger from another hidden pocket inside his sleeveless vest mocking Rann’s dress code, who only preferred an open vest and a matching pair of trousers instead of a long tunic and a longer flowing robe that one particular noble used and abused. I sighed with intrigue.
He motioned to Starra. “Can you climb down from the bed, Starra?”
I did not nod but slid off the bed tray, standing upright. The pink tinted dirty gown blossomed into a full circle around my body. The three stiff crinolines were exposed and torn making my legs itch. I sighed with girliness.
Ty ripped down into the bottom hemline then neatly sliced horizontally across her naked kneecaps then downwards towards the floor. Pieces and lumps of pink tinted fabric and white tinted crinoline lace fell on the floor covering her naked feet exposing her suntanned legs. He back stepped and smiled at Starra. “The dress does not interfere anymore with the operation.”
I did not need an order and crawled back inside the U-shaped bed frame, sitting underneath my legs and fanny, nodding to Ty in silence. I sighed with great extremely spooky scary fear.
“Ambassador Ty, please take your seat as I start the operation.” Bbot-two flew ahead, halted, even with Starra’s chest, whirling out four wiry limbs.
“I will observe from over here against the wall. Thanks, Bbot-two. Please proceed with the operation.” He scooted sideways then slammed into the side wall, crossing his arms, watching all the robotic arms.
In front of the glass coffin, Bbot-one hovered behind the row of metal containers and ordered to its lower machine worker. “Anesthesia the donor.”
I started shivering from the cold air in the room, after removing the pile of clothes allowing my lower body parts exposed to the fridge temperature within the sterile operating room. Or I might be afraid and frightened and fearful. I sighed with worry.
“Wait!” Ty tossed both of his palms near his frown and spun around, slamming the wall. The hidden wall section parted and revealed numerous shelves with generous medical supplies. He grabbed items in white hue from the shelf and then swung around, placing a pile of pillow behind her rear skull, a blanket over her two collar bones, another blanket on top of her folded legs. “Do you feel warmer, Starra?”
I smiled down at the blankets, “Yes, I do. Thank you, Ty.” I continued to shiver from fear, not cold air. I sigh with doom.
“Don’t worry. They are the most experienced medical bots in the universe. I promise.” He winked and patted her naked hand, scooting from Starra, slamming against the side wall again. He exhaled with nervous worries for both Rann and Starra. Rann had taken a fancy to Starra using her person against evil King Dirk in order to end the Civil War. Rann’s last order was to protect Starra at all costs. Ty was obeying that secret command in order to end the war also. He had lost lots of friends and some of his family members, not his wife. She was at their hideaway hotel wing at another damaged hotel building, cooking the meal and waiting for him at home.
Bbot-two held a needle in the lower wiry air spurting the excess green tinted liquid in the air from the syringe. Starra watched the sharp long needle than gasped in fear. The upper wiry arm on the robot housed a spray bottled with white mist and leaned its wiry hand into her face, releasing the mist. I sighed with surprise.
The wet misty covered my face. I started coughing then sneezed out from the liquid molecules from my two nose holes, smelling the odor of ripe bananas, feeling hungry for a plate of food. My mind started envisioning stacks of yellow tinted bananas dancing in the air, singing a silly musical song and playing with each other. I sighed with confusion.
I felt really relaxed with an attitude: I don’t give a damn. I experienced lightheadedness that the room, the bed, and my feet were gone from the room and my body. I felt good like I did not care about an evil King Dirk or a nasty Queen Rita or a handsome Prince Rann or an uptight Ivan. My shoulders drooped forward and as my rear skull hit the pile of soft pillows then slightly tilted to the side. I leaned into the pillows and enjoyed the moment. I wore a goofy smile with parted lips mouth drooling salvia down my jawline and stared at the long wall of white paint without smears or streaks, only white. My body parts did not move or obey my floaty mind commands seeing only the white wall of cleanliness. I did not sigh with mental thoughts or physical actions either.
“Stang! Double stang! Triple stang! What the fudge here! What is happening to her?” Ty gasped in shock and trotted to the metal railing, staring at Starra with concern.
Bbot-two continued to hover beside Starra and explained the situation, “The sedation drug is used to paralyze all her chemical nerve endings without signaling pain within her biological and chemical body for the upcoming surgery. The donor is experiencing great pleasure and extremely high joy and continuous mouth drools. Lady Starra will not be able to feel the terrible cut from a deep incision into her pumping heart organ while experiencing this happy medication.”
I might be numb, but I was not deaf. I sighed with extremely happiness.
The robot held its lower wiry limb and displayed a surgical scalpel in the air and told. “This is not going to hurt.”
“Where have I heard that before?” I mumbled then mouth drooled over my parted lips. Ty softly chuckled and continued to watch the robot.
The surgery procedure was conducted like an orchestrated musical show as Bbot-one narrated the story line and Bbot-two played the medical instruments, not musical instruments.
Bbot-two extended its upper wiry arm with a shiny smooth cylinder object without a sharp blade only an open hollow hole of darkness then halted shooting out an orange tinted ray at the chest on Starra, “I am slicing into her chest epidermis.” The ray first burned through her pink fabric exposing a tiny area of her skin tissue then drilling into the skin tissue. A set of very tiny splatters of her red tinted blood proteins erupted from the wound dripping down over her exposed skin only drying before hitting the dress fabric.
I did not experience pain or fright as the scent of the banana-scented sedation medication was working overtime on my human nerve endings. I sighed with extremely happiness. 
Ty continued to watch the robot work the drilled hole on Starra. “How long does the sedation drug medication last?”
“The sedation sensation will last for fifteen minutes. I am drilling through the rib cage bone and penetrating the heart organ tissue.” Bbot-two said.
“Are you in pain, Starra?” He frowned with concern.
“Who cares?” Ivan leaned back into the chair and laughed out loud hoping the medical procedure would kill the prisoner.
“Shut up, Ivan!” Ty fumed.
“Nope.” I slurred the word and continued to wear a goofy smile. I sighed with extreme happiness.
Bbot-two said. “I have collected a tiny sliver of heart organ flesh and some of her blood proteins. The extraction process is complete.”
“Remove the beam and then close the incision on the donor.” Bbot-one instructed. 
Bbot-two shut off the orange tinted beam withdrawing the wiry limb back into its belly hole then jerked out the same wiry limb with a smaller, black-tinted, cylinder-shaped devise, pressing the button. A pink tinted beam slammed into her skin tissue quickly mending the open hole and forming a scab on her exterior skin. 
I still didn’t feel any pain not even the warm artificial healing medical beam coming from the artificial instrument. But I would apply a tender loving Tele healing touch on my new skin wound, after expelling the sedation drugs from my biological and chemical human body.

A metal-covered, silver-tinted floating garage trashcan slices out a sliver of your pumping heart organ from your conscious breathing body while you are watching. I dare you to ponder that mental thought.

Bbot-two depressed the button cutting out the pink beam and withdrew the wiry limb, storing the devise inside its empty belly section. It jerked out a tiny clean glass-covered dish that contained red tinted wiggling worm which had come from Starra’s heart organ then spun around, tossing the sealed dish in the air.
Ty gasped in shock and spun around stumbling ahead in worry, tossing both of his arms in the air, not capturing the glass dish. Tok leaped from his chair and raced around, stopping in the middle of the room, leaping into the air without capturing the glass dish either. Then Ty collided into Tok then spun around, halting in place, hugging each other.
Ivan laughed with Rita at the two-person comedy team. They sat and clapped with delight for the destruction of the heart specimen. “O! We must do it, too it, again!” Ivan laughed at scarring Starra’s heart organ with another dangerous medical procedure.
“I think not!” Bbot-one continued to hover in front of the four metal containers and releasing a wiry arm in the air, easily catching the glass dish, dropping the item down on top of the flat surface. He started fiddling with the instrument. Bbot-two carefully flew backwards without injuring the two confused citizens, sliding around the last container, stopping beside Bbot-one. It started fiddling with the medical equipment.
Ty and Tok untwined then dashed ahead, slamming into the row of metal boxes. Ivan and Rita rushed ahead then stopped, standing beside each other and behind the protective row of tall and wide black tinted medical containers, watching the two robots in silence.
Ty stomped his boot sole on the floor. A hidden compartment appeared then lifted a fixed row of high stools with thick padding for the four nobles. Each one sat down and watched the two robots in silence.
In the wall corner, I continued to rest on the softest pillows in the universe without a mental care in the world while mouth drooling my sticky salvia liquid down each side of my parted lips, staring at the long wall of white hue. “Pretty wall” I mumbled. I sighed with extremely happiness.
Anyways, I was a crop farmer, not a medical nurse. This slimy biological and chemical body stuff really grossed out my psyche. If I was not so highly sedated without nervous nerve endings and other fearful emotions, then I might faint down into the puffy pillows blocking out the rest of the medical procedure that would next on Rann’s almost dead body. I gurgled out a weird sound in the air waves. I sighed with extremely happiness.
Behind the wall of metal containers, Bbot-one held the glass dish with the sliver of Starra’s red tinted bloody, slimy heart organ gently connecting the smaller suction on the dish to a gigantic circular glass plate that was covered from human germs and metal wiry fingers. Then the robot slightly tilted the smaller dish and slid the specimen into the larger plate, closing the suction door, removing the smaller glass dish to the side. The red tinted tiny bloody, slimy earthworm-like specimen from Starra’s heart organ glittered under the artificial lamps and did not move but stuck to the smooth glass bottom. 
Each noble gasped in shock and continued to sit and stare down at the specimen without moving or commenting.
Bbot-two started flashing a series of colorful lights in purple and gold on the earthworm-like specimen. The nobles stared down in silence at the interesting medical miracle. Bbot-one said. “This red tinted sliver is actually an undifferentiated heart cell which was found first and then extracted from her human body. The undifferentiated heart cell is starting to divide and then multiply and then replenish a set of specialized cells that are present in the working heart muscle for Rann’s new organ. The unipotent progenitor cells have been used for human generations in medical regenerative medicine throughout the universe.” The earthworm-like specimen started to wiggle. “The asymmetric division is beginning. From a single cell, the progenitor cell will self-renew by creating rounds of millions of heart human cells, before forming a mature muscle.” The specimen started to jump up from the glass bottom then danced in the air, dropping back down and wiggles inside the sealed glass dish. The robot continued to examine the specimen. “The cell membrane proteins are forming. Start monitoring the signals.”
Bbot-two stored the device then scooted to another metal box, watching the monitor in silence.
“What is the monitoring of signals?” Ty continued to watch the two robots.
“Each cell produces an energy path that tells each cell what to do. If the set of communication cell signals are not present, then the developing heart muscle stops forming.” Bbot-one said. The worm-like sliver started growing bigger in size before each pair of human and metal eyeballs as it continued to split then grow a thousand times in size from the first appearance glass dish. I sigh with disbelief.
“Dpp and adherins junctions are complete.” Bbot-two monitored the medical equipment screens.
“The signal pathways that lead to reprogramming of cells include several transcription factors consisting of the oncogene c-Myc, which directs the differentiation process and allows the muscle to become pluripotent.” Bbot-one observed the growing cells inside the glass dish.
Tok frowned behind the face mask and as his two eyeballs observed the process and his mind tried to comprehend the medical miracle. “I kind of can follow some of your bio-babble, Bbot-one. But what is a pluripotent?”
Bbot-one said. “The growing cell can become any tissue within the biological and chemical human body that I want it to be.”
“The growth process is complete.” Bbot-two continued to monitor the screen seeing the signal pattern in bright colors.
“Stage one is complete.” Bbot-one did not lift but pointed down into the large glass plate with a cover that displayed a red tinted human heart organ weighing four ounces, with individual line of empty blood veins, four protruded valves, numerous empty arties, and thick muscles for Rann. The robot grabbed the plate then spun around, viewing Rann. “Stage two is ready to commence. Open the coffin lid.”





















Present alien day and place and time and space continues…


Alien Day 129


New medical ward location
Dark blue sky with rain sheets at 76% precipitation and 65°F
8th hour (early morning)


I awake in extreme body pain and feel extreme cold air currents while whispering for my eardrums only, “This ain’t my timeline!” I see a white tinted ceiling of wooden planks and as my body is resting inside a hollowed but contained metal U-shaped bed frame with rattling hard pieces of ice cubes and calm waves of extreme fragile cold water while hearing the air-conditioning motor blowing more icy cold air molecules around my new mysterious room. My wet body is freezing like a gigantic ice cube and my pink tinted gala gown is soggy wet ruining the fabric. I see my air breathe in strings of white tinted misty plumes dancing across the artificial lighted rays. I sigh with coldness.
Double vision clouds both of my eyeballs. I slur my words when whispering and cannot hear other loud sounds. I feel weak and tired wearing a severe headache. Fluid drainage flows down from both of my nose holes running off my parted lips. I sigh with unhealthiness.

Note: A Tele trance of healing only works, when I engage the Tele talent, not an involuntarily act or action or thing or something weird, ya’ll.

I close my two gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
Using my telemetabolics, I perform a Tele scan on my aching body noting a head concession.
Rita possessed an accurate pitching arm of toned flesh, if truly incompetent with a deadly weapon. She threatened to kill Starra three different tries and then failed again using a new deadly weapon.
I am still alive if not for the efforts of my man Rann saving my life. I sigh with true love.
Using my telemetabolics, I clear all the fuzzy and dizzy sensations from each tingling neuron first slowly moving down touching each cell, blood vessel, and organ then feeling a healthy, not injured body. My Tele talents start warming up my freezing-cold body temperature into a normal biological stage that quickly started melting the hard ice cubes. I sigh with hotness.
I slowly turn my face seeing a long and wide rectangular-shaped room in white hue, smelling the sterile crisp antiseptic odors mixed with the cold air molecules. My mysterious bed with cold water is positioned a few feet from the entrance wall.
The entrance wall contains a single closed door near the wall corner then a solid wall of white paint, and finally the mysterious bed of cold water. I frown with confusion at my new location, which is not my usual old hotel room, turning my face, quickly scanning my new prisoner room. Each long side wall is empty without bookshelves, furniture pieces, nice wall decorations, or a single glass window that exposes the time of day or hour of dark night. However, my Tele talents tattle within my body it is the eighth hour of an early morning of a new day. I sigh with information.
The rear wall holds nothing but more white tinted paint. However, I greatly desire to explore and wander about my new room, without a bodyguard, in metal robot or human flesh format.
I jerk my non-dominate arm in the air then gasp in shock scanning my limb, seeing a metal cuff on my wrist bone that is attached to the left-side metal railing on the ugly U-shaped bed frame. My metal cuff is linked to a long metal chain at the left-side metal leg on the ugly U-shaped bed frame, which appears like a regular old-fashioned hospital bed, not a regular sleeping bed frame. The ugly U-shaped bed frame stands a few feet my current trapped position on top of the clean, hard tile floor and wears a cover of dull white hue, without a speckle of dark or light dirt or dust bunnies. I sigh with impressive.
This place was one of the damaged but upright hotel buildings that had been destroyed during one of the numerous Civil Wars, within the first alien timeline. Thus, this Civil War was a continuous battle for rule or reign of the galaxy which was always started by Dirk and his side kick Rita while killing off as many nobles as possible. Dirk and Rita had succeeded too.
My new environment is an enclosed room without a single glass window exposing the sunlight and the outside elements. Thus, my eyeballs, my eardrums, my nose holes, and my mind do not know the time or place or weather conditions. However, my awesome Tele talents relay all the new information, within seconds, inside my regular senses.
“The time ticks towards the eighth hour of a new morning with dark blue skies and heavy sheets of raindrops at 76 percent precipitation and 65 degrees Fahrenheit. Today is not a nice day for a picnic with Rann,” I grin with a giggle. I sigh with silliness.
This room is part of the hotel building located on a different floor. This portion used to house a medical ward for an injured hiker or water skier or drunken gambler.



I mentally flashed back in the past, within the first alien timeline, when I had visited a healthier Planet Resort.

The world featured tons of lush pale and dark green colored forests of trees, scrubs, and wild animal life forms. The soil was black tinted for hiking. The pale green tinted waters were clean for numerous fun sports activities.

Each paved street without an air space displayed fun colors of orange, yellow, green, blue, red, pink, purple, and more on the neon signs. The signs advertised fun games, glittery merchandise, big hotels, and good smelling eateries.

Lines of happy men, women, teenagers, children and elderly citizens formed numerous fun parades dancing to the jazzy musical song, singing off-key, marching towards one of the tall and glittering hotel buildings for a day in the sea waters or a night in the gambling casinos.

The planet offered a fun, adventurous relaxing time for all families including one lost alien.



Then I mentally flashed present and stare at the long side wall in white hue, exhaling with defeat, disappointment, and sorrow. “All of that is gone now due to Dirk! I have caused this mess and lost my best friend, my future husband, and my man,” I growl in fury. “You are next on my death list, Dirk!” I look down and examine my bruised wrist bone, my new metal bracelet, and the long chain on the floor pondering a new escape plan with dire complications. Then I hear a set of faint voices. Correction there! I hear a set of faint breathing sounds producing a long steady, subtle, low, slow breath. Something is inside the room with me. I sigh with panic.
I slowly turn to face the opposite side of the room and focus my eyesight on an object that blends into white wall, quickly jerking my arm with the metal cuff in the air that restricts my limited distance while getting a better view of the mysterious object, yelling in pain, “Ouch!” I return and examine my collar bone, which is hard to do as it exists beyond my eyeballs. However, my collar bone injured from the heated ceiling particles is still recovering from my first healing touch and displays an array of ugly brightly tinted pink gooey blisters slowly popping open and creates minor pain within my body.

I am not perfect, ya’ll!

I close my two gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate.
I perform a Tele heal using my telemetabolics on every blister popping each one, spurting the body fluid in the air that splatters on the clean sterile white tinted wall paint. I quickly mend each shallow hole and ripped the skin tissue over the dent producing a layer of pink tinted healing skin on my wounded collar bone. By the end of the day, after applying bouts of healing talents, my skin will heal into a light tan hue. I really need to suntan getting back my glowing golden tone. I sigh with sunlight.
I open my two eyelids and stared down at the wet dress which was not dirty but torn in spots, exhaling with healthy sensations, viewing the mysterious object across the room. I sigh with scared excitement.
I slowly stand upright on my wet kneecaps in the calm water making small waves, banging the linked chain rope on the bed railing, clearly seeing the object on the side wall. And my eyeballs quickly adjust to the dimmer lighted lamps on that side of the room also. I sigh with danger.
I will not perform a mental Tele probe which might accidentally awake the sleeping monster that is barely breathing in pain or trouble. I am a trapped and helpless prisoner also inside this cold room.
I perform a Tele grab lifting the chain off the floor in the air waves slowly standing upright on the metal floor, in the U-shape bed of heated water, lengthening the chain to its maximum distance and ripped more of the gala gown. I still cannot distinguish the thing inside the object. I sigh with frustration.
I execute a Tele leap from the heated water then perform a Tele land beside the linked chain, settling on top of a wet floor coming from the spilling water splashes inside the U-shaped bed frame. I execute a Tele grab then a Tele pull slowly padding ahead while pulling bed frame which possesses a set of twirling wheels directly towards the object. I sigh with curiosity.
My hemline on my dress drags then rips off in long fabric pieces from the heavy chain and then the train on my dress is getting eaten up and spat out with the four rotating wheels on the bed frame. I still cannot view the shiny piece of glass on the object that appears in the shape a coffin then halt. I sigh with inquisitiveness.
Someone has died within their dead body which is resting in the same room with Starra.
I start padding ahead and perform a Tele pull on that heavy tube bed of water, heading closer to the glass coffin using my telekinesis, tripping then tearing more of my hemline. I splash water out from the tube on the floor. I sigh with deep curiosity.
I still cannot see the monster due to the mathematical angle of the bed from the wall and move closer to the coffin, hearing a set of faint noises from the exterior hallway walls. The faint noise is getting closer producing a series of loud sounds near the locked and closed door. I sigh with huge inquisitiveness.
I want to see the monster before another life form releases the thing into my enclosed room. I sigh with fear.
I continue to perform a Tele pull dragging the heavy frame bed closer for a quick glance inside the glass object, seeing the interior view, gasping in alarm. My tears start flowing down my two cheekbones creating a heavy heart and a sad face. I sigh with death.
Rann clearly rests inside that glass coffin and is clearly dead. I sigh with sorrow.
Rann will not come back to see me into the current alien timeline or any of the future alien timelines, if I die in this one. Once dead, always gone! He will live but die again in the next alien timeline. He will live and never marry me but continue to die in each newly created alien timeline as I cannot figure out how to escape from the continuous newly created space continuum either. I sigh with sorrow.
Back inside the cold room, I stand in sorrow and defeat, sobbing with sad emotions, flooding my body and the floor with my sad tears for dead and departed Prince Rann. And Viscountess Rita had murdered Rann inside the room. I sighed with sorrow.
On the entrance wall, the door knob rattles a soft warning without opening. I gasp in alarm then execute a Tele flight with my telekinesis cleaning up the pieces of dirty torn gala gown fabric from the floor, evaporating all the water puddles from the floor too while racing my upright body and that heavy bed frame smoothly backwards over a dry floor back into the wall corner on the entrance door. I do not bother to halt but perform a Tele leap from the dry, semi-clean floor landing back down in the cold metal tub, without water. The chain link clanks against each bed leg and on the floor. I slowly sit down watching the closed metal door, wiping off the sad tears of defeat, disappointment, and death of my man Rann. I sigh with sorrow.
“You need a key to open the locked door, Rita.” A male timber laughs out loud and as his body stands hidden behind the closed door.
The door slams open hitting the side wall and revealed Rita, shouting out loud. “Get away from me!” She wears a pink tinted velveteen ankle-length frock and appeared alive, healthy, and unharmed.
From my U-shaped tub of heated water, I sneer at Rita not clearly seeing her body or her beautiful dress, within my blurry eyeballs, whipping away my tears of sorrow. I sigh with sadness.
I turn and view the glass coffin, not really seeing Rann but wishing that Rann was alive, healthy, and unharmed, instead of a dead body that is preserved for the royal funeral pile. I sigh with revenge.
More loud sounds and voices echo into the cold prisoner room and inside the dark hallway.  I return and stare at the closed door. I sigh with doom.
“Move away from the door, Rita! I want inside too,” the familiar baritone timber coming from Ambassador Ty of Planet Agri yells first then shoves his hand at the back spine on Rita. She enters the room then scoots sideways standing against the side wall, scanning the room. She views Starra then smiles with happiness. I sigh with murder.
Ty enters the room and wears his traditional noble dark green tinted outfit, a sleeveless vest without a shirt and an exposed chest full of muscles, a matching pair of trousers tucked down into a pair of polished brown tinted knee boots, without his pretty wife. He possesses a head of cropped blonde colored hair and a tone of dark skin with a pair of brown eyeballs.
Marquis Tok is the owner of the two man-made space stations named Uni and Bio respectively, and wears a sissy lavender colored silk shirt, a pair of dark trousers tucked down into a pair of polished black tinted knee boots, and a long indigo tinted cape flowing down from his six feet plus tall and wide body frame that easily carries his 300 plus pounds of taunt and tight muscles, without escorting his wife also.
I bet another noble or male never teases Tok about his closet of sissy colored silk shirts.
Tok presents a very tall and athletic built with a shoulder length brown colored hair and a tint of pale colored skin, and pair of violet eyeballs that matched his lavender sissy colored silk shirt.
General Ivan owns and operates the man-made space station named Militia and seems to gain more body weight around his pot belly middle section and less weight from his bone skull, which means he is even balder than the last alien timeline. He displays whips of gray tinted hair strands and a pale tinted skin, wearing a nicely ironed and neatly pressed dark blue military uniform without the medals and a pair of polished dark blue shoes following behind Tok.
A floating silver-tinted cylinder shape, or visualize a floating garage trashcan, with a flat lid and two empty teacup eyeballs, without a set of wiry arms, which are stored within the belly section of the metal. The front of the cylinder metal contains a television screen that displays words for a human and instructions to other non-human life forms. The first Bbot enters the room next and leads a parade of four black-tinted, large, square-shaped metal boxes with a second floating robot in the rear.
I stare at the two robots than view Ty, Tok, and finally Rita. They are the only people left from the mighty noble clan here within the unknown universe. The rest of the noble and noblettes are dead and gone as the names and faces invaded my active mind, including Ann, Lady of Bonita; Bartholomew, Baron of Agri; Bea, Countess of Ice; Dee, Marquise of Resort; Dov, Count of Ice; Ito, Priest of Bio; Ivy, Baronetess of Agri, Jo, Governess of Uni; Jon, Governor of Uni, Lad, Viscount of Tech; Las, Priestess of Bio; Rex, King of Commerce; Rosa, Lady of Bonita, Roy, Marquis of Resort; Viv, Princess of Sahara and Zak, Baronet of Agri.
Of course, there is misplaced, mischievous, and mad noble King Dirk, but I do not count him as a man or a mammal, only a villain within the storyline.
Now, I must add Prince Rann among the newest group of dead people within this new universe, where I continue to thrive without purpose and then return to without reason. I sigh with sorrow.
I wipe the tears of sadness and sorrow wondering about my life form which is trapped here inside a new prisoner room, on a damaged planet, with the last nobles, within the unknown universe. I sigh with defeat.
I had been living…naw…surviving in this new…naw…familiar galaxy for 129 days. Each day and night totals 20 hours. An Earth day and night totals 24 hours.
I watch the nobles and the nasty noblette on the entrance wall, whispering for my eardrums only, “So, I have been surviving here on a new world, in a new galaxy for three months based on Earth time. That’s a short period of time for experiencing some many different people, places, and predicaments, both bad and good. Now, I face the old but new set of nobles, who will judge and decide my life force without the protection of my man Rann.”
Ambassador Ty stops and stands in the middle of the long side wall, slapping the wall. The wall slowly lifts a hidden panel exposing a row of comfortable sitting chairs. He smiles at the chairs. Tok and Ivan stop beside Ty spinning around, smiling down at the hidden row of chairs also. Rita continues to stand at the entrance wall and continues to smile while softly sneering at her enemy girlfriend Starra.
The train of robots and the four metal boxes carefully fly by the row of standing nobles then halt a few feet surrounding the glass coffin that holds Prince Rann. Each robot flies around then halts in front of a metal box carefully starting to open each box, fiddling with the contents inside.
Ty spins around and stars at the two robots, slowly padding around, stopping and stands behind the semi-circle of metal boxes. He stares at the lead medical biological robot named Bbot-one which displays a handprint of blood which has been hand-painted onto the metal mineral, for fun or terror, “What is a heart graft, Bbot-one?”
Bbot-one continues to open each hidden compartment and exposes the medical equipment while narrating to the citizen, “A transplant is categorized as autograft, allograft, isograft, xenograft, split, or domino.”
Ty cannot see the contents inside each metal box but watches each robot work. “Which transplant category will be used on Rann?”
The robot states, “I will use the autograft transplant technique for one vein extraction that will store all of the non-contaminated warm blood proteins for his new heart organ. However, I need a donor, who is both alive and well, for this easy surgical procedure. The group consensus with my fellow biomedical robots agrees with the overall medical plan using a living subject with renewable tissue and fluids coming from a live body that can provide the life-saving blood transfusion into Prince Rann and all of his new cells for his rejuvenation organ process.”
“What is a rejuvenation organ process?” Tok appears and stands beside Ty, frowning with worry for his friend Rann, asking the lead robot.
Bbot-one explains, “Stem cell rejuvenation is a highly successful treatment plus a permanent clinic solution for a medical patient like Prince Rann, who possesses extensive biological damage to his vital heart organ. Stems are a set of primal cells which are found in all multi-cellular organisms that retain the ability to renew life through cell division then growth and finally transformation into a set of specialized cells with characteristics consistent with related tissues, such as, muscles and nerves that occurs through cell culture rather than the traditional harvesting of an organ through an almost dead body with the standard medical procedure.”
Ivan appears and stands beside Tok, sneering at the two robots. “What does all that bio-tech babble mean for Rann? Tell me now!” He crosses his arms and continues to sneer at the two machines.
“We will grow a living organ and then transplant a new heart inside Prince Rann.” Bbot-one continues to work and narrates to the three male nobles.
“Is that even medically possible, Bbot-one?” Ty frowns.
Bbot-one states, “We have the technology to repair him better than before.”
Tok shakes his shoulder length brown curls at the robot, “But Rann’s heart organ died when the maser ray exploded all of heart valves and arties. The organ storage here within this medical ward does not include any extra human hearts, Bbot-one.”
“You are correct, Marquise Tok.  So, we have to find him a new heart organ.” Bbot-one continues to work.
“And how do you do that, Bbot?” Ivan gasps in shock.
Bbot-one and Bbot-two finish their work then fly together without colliding, hovering in front of the middle section of boxes facing the nobles. Bbot-one states. “The question must be answered here. Who has the new heart organ?”
“Her!” Bbot-two lifts its wiry arm and points at the entrance wall.
“Her!” Ty spins around and gasps in shock staring at Rita on the entrance wall.
“Her!” Tok copies Ty’s movements and sneers at Rita also.
“Her!” Ivan copies Ty’s movements and snarls at Rita too.
“Me!” Rita hears the words and stares at the line of male nobles gasping in fear and slaps her chest.
“No! The other female is sitting in the hospital bed on the entrance wall,” Bbot-two continues to point on the entrance wall at Starra.
“Me!” I gasp in shock.
Rita exhales with relief then points at Starra. “She is the prisoner here.”
Ty turns and frowns at Starra. “I do not understand, Bbot-two!”
Tok turns and frowns at Starra.  “Explain your position, Bbot-one!”
Bbot-two continue to point at Starra without facial expressions on its communication belly part. Bbot-one states. “The prisoner is the donor. She is an exact paired-exchange match to the prince with her organic tissues. She is compatible to his biological system.”
Ivan nods with an evil laughter. “I understand and I agree. You’re going to cut out her heart and replace the organ down into Rann.” He laughs with Rita.
Bbot-one explains, “We are going to splice a piece of her artery valve from her healthy heart organ, then grow, feed and shape the bloody, slimy, fleshy sliver into a new heart and then implant a new functioning organ down in Prince Rann.”
“Why do you want her?” Ty frowns at Starra.
“The decision to use a donor is based on the recipient’s biological criteria. She is the donor for Rann. She holds the correct proportion of proteins, enzymes, and agents in her blood system to make this medical surgery process possible for Rann’s cellular structure which allows the re-generation of his heart, veins, and artery muscles needed for a fully functioning organ to survive inside his body.”
Bbot-two floats back and forth across the four metal boxes, sometimes blocking Bbot-one, pulling out numerous pieces of medical equipment, consisting of a respiratory therapy machine, two lung breathing ventilators, three oxygen tanks, and numerous shiny surgical instruments, placing each item on top of the metal box.
Tok nods at Starra. “I heard the medical explanation. But how is this possible for her to be the donor? She is the enemy that works for Dirk. I have never met or seen this female before today.”
Bbot-one starts to work and states, “I cannot answer that question. I do not know the answer, which is a medical mystery. Once I…”
“Me!” Ivan views Bbot-one and rips off his sleeve displaying his naked forearm, “Me! What about me? I can provide my personal heart sliver artery to Rann. Take it from me now, robot!”
“You did not possess those particular biological and chemical human traits, General Ivan but it is a nice gesture for your prince and your friend. And no other citizen does either. I have double and triple-checked the citizen bot data base very carefully. I am the head medical advisor inside this civilian compound. She is the bestest candidate in the universe to save Prince Rann’s life.”
Ivan frowns then laughs spinning around, staring at Starra. “Excellent. She will not die.”
“Good!” Rita softly claps and laughs out loud.
“That is incorrect, General Ivan!” Bbot-one says without a metal expression on its belly section.
“Too bad!” She frowns.
“The present state of technology for cell extraction is both painless and safe for a medical patient and a medical donor. The prisoner will live for another one hundred years.” Bbot-one states.
I wiggle in the warm water and giggle with delight becoming saved by the bell…naw…the robot. I sigh with life.
A Bbot is going to cut through the skin, taking my heart tissue, and giving Rann his new heart organ. I greatly desire to give Rann my heart but not literally. To save his life, I must do it. I sigh with true love.
“Well, let’s get this party started and perform the surgical operation right here and right now!” Ivan whips his silver tinted dagger from his utility belt and holds the weapon near his sour frown, sneering at Starra, expressing intense hate and great harm to the military commander as soon as possible.
“We need a sterile environment to perform the operation.” Bbot-one states.
“Pull the knife away, Ivan!” Ty reaches over and slams down Ivan’s arm with the knife. Ivan drops his arm but continues to cuddle the dagger in his cupped hand while sneering at Starra.
“When is this surgical heart organ growth then transplantation operation scheduled?” Tok views the bot and asks.
“In precisely fifteen minutes, the live dual medical surgery is scheduled simultaneously for economical purposes.” Bbot-one states.
“What are the economical purposes?  I don’t understand that statement, Bbot-one.” Ty frowns.
“There is only one existing heart ventilator machine located here in this compound which Prince Rann happens to be using. We do not have a set of efficient medical surgery equipment for a full heart transplantation. We have to become innovated and then improvise a set of new medical surgery techniques for this usual human organ medical procedure.” Bbot-one states.
“Like what exactly? I require greater details of your new medical surgical procedures, before you cut on Rann.” Ty sneers at the lead robot, feeling worry for his friend.
“Ambassador Ty, time is of the essence now.” Bbot-one says to Ty.
Bbot-two drops its metal arm then reaches down placing its six metal fingers over a lever, starting at the interior compartment inside the first metal box, viewing a small television monitor that showed Rann’s vital signs of health. “Do you want me to cut the cord now?”
“What does all of that mean, Bbot-one? I want some answers before you start to cut on Rann,” Tok growls at the lead robot also, feeling concern for his friend. Too many of his friends and fellow nobles have died within the newest Galactic Civil War by that nasty noble King Dirk, who assumed the position of king, without asking permission, only killing off the nobles that could have stopped him.
“Do not cut off the power cord yet, Bbot-two. You will remove the power cord to the artificial heart-lung machine, after his new heart organ has grown up and then is placed down into Rann’s chest cavity to ensure his continued breathing for life.” Bbot-one states.
Ty turns and frowns to Tok. Tok nods back in silence to Ty. They are both concerned for Rann. But Rann displays a hole within his chest cavity filled with an artificial heart device that cannot sustain his life force for another two days and nights, without a medical miracle. Now, the biomedical robot has found one in a randomly captured prisoner, who fights for the wrong side of the Galactic Civil War. This war is crazy and insane on every citizen within the universe.
Ty nods in silence to Tok then views the lead robot, “Proceed.” Ty, Tok and Ivan back step from the four metal boxes filled with medical surgical equipment and the two robots, spinning around, moving out of the way but not out of sight, sitting down in the row of chairs. Each one carefully watches and listens to the two robot machines.
Ty wipes wet sweat from his worried brow with his manly handkerchief. Tok leans back into the cushions and watches with a worried patience. Ivan wiggles down in the comfortable chair but continues to cup his dagger in his palm while staring at Rann.
Rita sneers at Starra one more time then views the row of chairs, slowly strolling forward from the entrance wall, sitting lady-like in the last chair away from the three nobles. Each noble is unhappy, worried, and anger with the serious and sever medical condition of Rann and does not want to hear an explanation, only seeking revenge, after healing the prince. 
On the entrance wall, in the tub of warm water, I do not move, blink, or breathe but watch the commotion around the room. I sigh with death.
Bbot-one continues to hover beside the second robot without a facial expression on its belly screen talking through a set of hidden speakers throughout the cylinder-shaped body to the row of nobles and Starra also, “Gentlemen and ladies, allow me to ensure you here that there is less risk for my medical patient and a better recovery time for my medical patient while implementation my newly developed medical surgical procedures. The post-operative survival rate is one hundred percent. I promise to General Ivan, who has personal threatened metal pain and my machine live force.”
Ivan laughs alone. “Yeah, metal brains got that right!”
The robot continues. “The surgical procedure will enhance Rann’s life force without the standard rejection of the heart muscle along with the traditional side effects coming from administrating numerous pharmacy drugs. Rann will not experience an infection within his liver organ, his two kidney organs, his spleen, his intestines, or his stomach muscles. Rann will not receive or create any type of tainted or contaminated blood proteins running through his entire chemical and biological human body systems. I am ready to begin the medical surgical operation. Please clear the medical surgical operating theater, Bbot-two.” Bbot-two floated upwards before flying towards the row of nobles.
Ivan stands upright on the floor then whips out his maser pistol aiming at Bbot-two first then Bbot-one while growling at both of the robots, “We are all staying and watching, specifically you, Bot. Do you understand my human protocol procedure?”
“As you wish! All nobles and noblettes will stay and watch the medical surgical procedure.” Bbot-one flips one metal arm and waves it around the room. “I am in charge of this medical surgical procedure and each noble and noblette must wear a sterile surgical gown in chick colored yellow with a matching face mask as the watcher for the surgical operation without contaminating the operating theater and my medical patient with their drifting nasty human germs. And each noble and noblette is forbidden to interfere with me or my staff member. I will not be pleased, and the consequences will not be pleasant for you, including General Ivan with his small weapon,” its belly screen produces a red tinted, digital image of a skull with crossed bone against a black background for each pair of human eyeballs.
Bbot-two grabs three wiry armful of cloth gowns and face masks floating above the row of metal boxes, steering towards the row of nobles, dropping the pile of items down on top of Ivan. Ivan gasps in shock then drops his shooting arm while sneering in fury at the silly bot.
Tok laughs at the silly robot and its sillier image, standing upright from his chair, collecting the surgical items, passing out to his fellow royals. He dresses in a silly yellow gown then slams a set of matching gear into the pot belly on Ivan. “We promise, Bbot. We will not interfere. Get dressed and then sit down, Ivan. Let the bot save Rann.” He spins around and sits down smiling at Bbot and its metal guts confronting an anger Ivan.
Ivan huffs with annoyance then quickly dresses in the girly gown, sitting down, carefully watching each bot while cuddling his small weapon that could melt the metal materials off the arrogant machine.
I am not offered a surgical gown or a face mask; but do not fear. I have my Tele talents. I sigh with dread.
“I will summarize the overall medical surgical protocol and explain each surgical procedure which will be administrated step by step for Prince Rann to ensure your understanding and my continued existence as the head biomedical robot.” Bbot-one displays a smile on its belly section while the nobles chuckle with amusement. The robot removes the image and then continues. “At present, the medical situation shows Prince Rann without a heart organ. He is living on an artificial respiratory machine which is pumping his blood proteins and oxygen molecules throughout his biological and chemical body. The unconscious body will live in this current state for another six hours. Then the biological and chemical body of Prince Rann will cease to function as a life force. I will fashion a new heart organ for him and then transplant the organ down into his empty cavity chest. Thus, Prince Rann will live for another hundred years.”
“What does the term fashion mean?” Ty asks with confusion and worry also wearing a sissy yellow tinted gown and the face mask covering his handsome facial features.
“The term means to grow an organ outside the biological and chemical human body.”
“So, you are going to grow Rann a new heart organ.” Ty frowns.
Tok flips his hand near the face mask then drops the limb while feeling worry, “Wait, Bbot! How do you grow a heart organ inside a renovated hotel room that looks like a medical suite? This isn’t a traditional operating room for a traditional medical physician and a medical patient. Can it do this, Ty?” He turns and views the nose profile on Ty. Ty does not bother to answer but shrugs a shoulder to Tok.
“We have the technology.” Bbot-one states.
Ty nods. “So, Rann will receive a new heart organ and survive.”
“Prince Rann will survive and live for another one hundred years with tender loving care.” Bbot-one presents another new image of a yellow tinted smile on a black tinted background. I sigh with shock.
I gasp in alarm and stare at the robot. That was my robot, where I had reprogrammed it for fun inside that silly high schooler testing center 
Bbot-one flies sideways shoving its fellow robot sideways also then points down at a device on top of the second metal container, “The newly grown heart organ will be extracted from a donor using a small tissue of an existing healthy heart organ. Then that sliver of tissue will re-generate inside this mechanic device for five minutes becoming a fully functional working organ for Rann.”
“That is simply remarkable!” Tok smiles.
“No! Not really for a Bbot!” Bbot-one presents a new image on its belly section showing a pale blue tinted smile on a black tinted background then it disappears. The bot fiddles with the row of smaller equipment pieces. Are we ready, Bbot-two?”
Bbot-two floats in the air and stares down at the equipment, fiddling with the instruments, “Yes, I am ready to proceed with the surgical operation, Bbot-one. Prince Rann is the recipient of the organ. Lady Starra is the donor of the tissue.”
“Lady! I’m the only lady in here.” Rita slaps her chest then sneers at the robot, pointing at Rann then Starra. “Wouldn’t it be faster and easier to take out her healthy pumping heart organ and then transplant it down into Rann’s chest cavity? Then he will certainly survive for another one hundred years.”
“You are correct, Viscountess Rita. That surgical medical procedure is possible.” Bbot-one states without waving around any of its wiry limbs.
Ivan continues to sit and grunts with annoyance. “Hey! I have already suggested that swiftly medical solution. So, do it, too it, now!”
I gasp in shock and swiftly work on my escape plan right now. I sigh with a bloody flight, not fight.
Bbot-one states, “General Ivan, I have stated to you that I need the donor’s proteins, enzymes, and tissues in order to grow then implant a new healthy heart organ for Prince Rann. If you continue to interrupt my delicate medical work here, then I will dismiss you from my operating theater. Then you can wait outside the locked door for the final medical outcomes.”
Tok laughs. “Shut up, Ivan! Go on and do it, too it, Bot!” Ivan softly growls but continues to sit in silence.
Bbot-one states. “The donor will be anesthetized before the removal of a tiny fleshy bloody sliver sample from her pumping heart organ.”
“You mean etherized into death, don’t you?” Ivan laughs with Rita.
“I do not believe you understand the proper medical term, General Ivan. The word is anesthesia, which is the process of placing drugs into an organic body for numbing of his or her nervous system, before surgical removal of his or her skin or organ tissue.”
He laughs again. “O! I did misunderstand. I though you wanted a deceased donor.” Rita laughs with Ivan.
“I want an alive and breathing donor. I need her blood proteins for the first blood transfusion, after the completion of the heart organ transplantation.”
“O! I got it. Then you are going to etherized her into death.” Ivan laughs with Rita.
“No.” Bbot-one says.
“Well, I also recommend that you go and harvest all her healthy functioning body organs then and go and transplant each one into all of our sick and wounded citizens that had suffered during Dirk’s surprise air raid, a couple of days ago, as she is the cause and the commander of those troopers.” Ivan turns and sneers at Starra.
“Stop sparking an ethical and moral debate, Ivan!” Ty growls. “We all feel the same way towards Dirk, Ivan. Our nasty king should be here and then the robot can take his healthy organs for our wounded war warriors.”
Rita smiles. “You ask too many complicated questions, Ivan. Keep the plan simply here and remove her pumping heart organ and let her die on her death day.”
Ty turns and sneers at Rita, “Shut up, nobles and one noblette! Quit arguing with Bbot and allow the robot to finish its job of saving Rann’s life, before Rann’s life force time expires.” He turned and flipped his hand in the air. “Get started with the operation, Bbot!”
“Begin the heart growth operation, Bbot-two!” Bbot-one looks down and monitors the screen. Bbot-two flew in the air, sailed over the metal boxes, soared ahead then carefully landed beside the ugly U-shaped hospital bed, staring down at the metal cuff bracelet. It reached out with one wiry arm and snatched up the cuff, trying to pen the lock. The metal cuff did not open. The robot asked. “Who possesses the key to the metal bracelet cuff on the donor?”
Ty slowly stands upright from the chair and stares at the metal back spine on Bbot-two. “What are you talking about, Bbot-two? What key are you referencing?”
“I need the metal cuff key to remove the metal cuff bracelet off the donor.”
Ty turns and views Ivan. “Do you possess the metal cuff bracelet key opening the metal bracelet, Ivan?”
Ivan smiles and continues to sit. “No. I do not.”
“Tok, do you possess the metal cuff bracelet key?”
“Nope!” Tok shakes his bone skull with the face mask.
Ty frowns inside his face mask, “Rita, did you not hand cuff the prisoner into the metal bracelet? Where is the metal cuff bracelet key?”
“I don’t want her loose and fancy-free running around the compound.” Rita sneers at Starra.
Bbot-two twists its flat head and points its two teacup eyeballs at Rita. “Do you possess the metal cuff bracelet key that releases the old fashion metal cuff?”
She leans back into the soft cushions and crosses her arms, frowning at the robot. “No! I don’t have the dang key. I don’t know here the dang key is. And I don’t wanna go and find that dang key either.”
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
I wiggle inside the dry tube bed and frown with worry. I had spilled out the water from the bed over the floor. Or the water had evaporated from my heated body into the air making the room really humid with wet air currents. I sigh with annoyance.
Bbot-two states. “I must remove the metal cuff bracelet before I can start the heart transplantation operation in order to save Prince Rann’s life force within the time limit that is slowly ticking off the hours, minutes, seconds, and milliseconds.”
Ty frowns and shakes his bone skull with the face mask feeling panic and worry. “Does anyone know the location of another duplicate metal cuff bracelet key throughout the hotel building?”
Ivan slowly stands with his heavy weight body and grins moving ahead from the row of chairs, aiming the cold barrel on his maser pistol at Starra. He stops and stands beside Ty, winking at Starra, “Allow me the honor!”
Ty reaches over and jerks the weapon from Ivan, posing the barrel on the metal cuff, not at Starra. “I will…”
“…keep her alive…” Ivan laughs with Rita.
“Barely!” Tok continues to sit and enjoys the fun atmosphere. “We are all very familiar with your survival methods, Ivan.” He laughs with Rita.
Bbot-two steers away from Ty then views in silence Starra.
Ty adjusts the maser setting to stun, not kill, which will destroy the ancient rusty metal minerals on the old-fashioned cuff, without harming Starra. “As long as Rann is still alive and breathing air molecules, he is our leader and I obey his commands. He wants the hostage alive and unharmed. So, I will obey that command, also.” He views each noble. “Does every person understand me here?” Each noble provides a head nod in silence. Ty views and aims the cold barrel at the cuff.
I lean my arm over the railing on the bed then scoot the rest of my body to the opposite side. I close my two eyelashes and quickly pray for his precise and perfect marksman with that maser beam. Geez! I can repair my body but not replace a limb using my Telemetabolics.
Ty fires a single wave at the center of the cuff. The lock quickly melts into a gooey liquid dropping down into a small pie of silver metal on the tile floor.
“You missed her!” Rita claps for fun and laughs with Ivan.
“Great shot, sir!” Tok smiles.
I quickly shake the melting hot iron metal cuff off my wrist bone hearing it fall on top of the floor into a puddle of silver goo with my two Tele eardrums. I sigh with life.
“The metal cuff is removed.” Ty winks at Starra and powers down his master storing the item down into his interior pocket vest.
“She must remove her dress.” Bbot-two points at Starra.
I gasp in shock then cross my arms over the dirty dress, “No!”
“What’s the problem now?” Ty turns and frowns at the robot.
Bbot-two states, “The ugly garment will interfere with the heart transplantation operation. She must remove that item which is contaminated with numerus germs that will affect patient Rann without saving his life.”
Ty exhales with annoyance then whips out his silver tinted dagger from another hidden pocket inside his sleeveless vest mocking Rann’s dress code, who only prefers an open vest and a pair of trousers, instead of a long tunic and a longer flowing robe, where one particular nasty noble likes to use and abuse. I sigh with intrigue.
He motions to Starra. “Can you climb down from the bed, Starra?”
I do not nod but slide off the bed tube standing upright on top of the floor. The pink tinted dirty gown blossoms into a full circle around my body. The three stiff crinolines are exposed and torn making my legs itch.
Ty rips down into the bottom hemline then neatly slices horizontally across her naked kneecaps then downwards towards the floor. Pieces and lumps of pink tinted fabric and white tinted crinoline lace fall on the floor covering her naked feet, exposing her suntanned legs. He back steps and smiles at Starra. “The dress does not interfere anymore with the operation.”
I do not need an order and start to crawl back inside the U-shaped bed frame, sitting underneath my legs and fanny, nodding to Ty in silence. I sign with fear.
“Ambassador Ty, please take your seat as I start the operation.” Bbot-two flies ahead, halts even with Starra’s chest, whirling out its four wiry limbs.
“I will observe from over here against the wall. Thanks, Bbot-two. Please proceed with the operation.” He scoots sideways then slams into the side wall, crossing his arms, watching each robot arms.
In front of the glass coffin, Bbot-one hovers behind the row of metal containers and orders to its lower machine worker. “Anesthesia the donor.”
I start shivering from the cold air in the room, after removing the pile of clothes allowing my lower body parts exposed to the fridge temperature within the sterile operating room. Or I may be a little afraid and frightened and fearful. I sigh with worry.
“Wait!” Ty tosses both of his palms near his frown and spins around slamming the side wall. The hidden wall section parts and reveals numerous shelves with generous medical supplies. He grabs items in white hue from the shelf and then swings around placing a pile of pillow behind her rear skull, a blanket over her two collar bones, another blanket on top of her folded legs. “Do you feel warmer, Starra?”
I smile down at the blankets, “Yes, I do. Thank you, Ty.” I continue to shiver from fear, not cold air. I sigh with doom.
“Don’t worry. They are the most experienced medical bots in the universe. I promise.” He winks and pats her naked hand, scooting from Starra, slamming against the side wall again. He exhales with nervous worries for both Rann and Starra.
Rann had taken a fancy to Starra using her person against evil King Dirk in order to end the Civil War. Rann’s last order: protect Starra at all costs.
Ty is obeying that secret command in order to end the war also. He has lost lots of friends and some of his family members, not his wife. She is located at their hideaway hotel wing at another damaged hotel building, cooking the meal and waiting for him to return home.
Bbot-two holds a needle in its lower wiry arm spurting the excess green tinted liquid in the air from the syringe. Starra watches the sharp long needle than gasps in fear. The upper wiry arm on the robot houses a spray bottled with white mist and leaned its wiry hand into her face, releasing the mist. I sigh with surprise.
The wet misty covers my face. I start coughing then sneeze out loud from the liquid molecules inside my two nose holes, smelling the odor of ripe bananas, feeling hungry for a plate of food. My mental mind starts envisioning stacks of yellow tinted bananas dancing in the air, singing a silly musical song and playing with each other. I sigh with confusion.
I feel really relaxed with an attitude: I don’t give a damn. I experience lightheadedness as the room, the bed, and my feet are gone from the room and my body. I feel good like I do not care about an evil King Dirk or a nasty Queen Rita or a handsome Prince Rann or an uptight Ivan. My shoulders droop forward and as my rear skull hits a pile of soft pillows then slightly tilts to the side. I lean into the pillows and enjoy the moment. I wear a goofy smile with parted lips of mouth spit drooling down my jawline and stare at the long wall of white paint without smears or streaks, only white. My body parts do not move or obey my floaty mind commands seeing only the white wall of cleanliness. I do not sigh with mental thoughts or physical actions either.
“Stang! Double stang! Triple stang! What the fudge here! What is happening to her?” Ty gasps in shock and trots forward to the metal railing, staring at Starra with concern.
Bbot-two continues to hover beside Starra and explains the situation, “The sedation drug is used to paralyze all her chemical nerve endings without signaling pain within her biological and chemical body for the upcoming surgery. The donor is experiencing great pleasure and extremely high joy and continuous mouth drools. Lady Starra will not be able to feel the terrible cut from a deep incision into her pumping heart organ while experiencing this happy medication.”
I may be numb, but I am not deaf. I sigh with extremely happiness.
The robot holds its second lower limb and displays a surgical scalpel in the air. “This is not going to hurt.”
“Where have I heard that before?” I mumble then mouth drool over my parted lips. Ty softly chuckles and continues to watch the robot.
The surgery procedure is conducted like an orchestrated musical show as Bbot-one narrates the story line and Bbot-two plays the medical instruments, not musical instruments.
Bbot-two extends its upper wiry arm holding a shiny smooth cylinder object, without a sharp blade, shooting out an orange tinted ray at the chest on Starra, “I am slicing into her chest epidermis.” The ray first burned through her pink fabric exposing a tiny area of her skin tissue then drilling into the skin tissue. A set of very tiny splatters of her red tinted blood proteins erupted from the wound dripping down over her exposed skin only drying before hitting the dress fabric.
I do not experience pain or fright as the scent of the banana-scented sedation medication is working overtime on my human nerve endings. I sigh with extremely happiness. 
Ty continues to watch the robot work the drilled hole on Starra. “How long does the sedation drug medication last?”
“The sedation sensation will last for fifteen minutes. I am drilling through the rib cage bone and penetrating the heart organ tissue.” Bbot-two states.
“Are you in pain, Starra?” He frowns with concern.
“Who cares?” Ivan leans back into the chair and laughs out loud hoping the medical procedure would kill the prisoner.
“Shut up, Ivan!” Ty fumes.
“Nope.” I slur my word and continues to wear a goofy smile. I sigh with extreme happiness.
Bbot-two states. “I have collected a tiny sliver of heart organ flesh and some of her blood proteins. The extraction process is complete.”
“Remove the beam and then close the incision on the donor.” Bbot-one instructs. 
Bbot-two shuts off the orange tinted beam withdrawing the wiry limb back into its belly hole then jerks out the same wiry limb with a smaller, black-tinted, cylinder-shaped devise, pressing the button. A pink tinted beam slams into her skin tissue quickly mending the open hole and forming a scab on her exterior skin.
I still do not feel any pain not even the warm artificial healing medical beam coming from the artificial instrument. But I will apply a tender loving Tele healing touch on my new skin wound, after expelling the sedation drugs from my biological and chemical human body.

A metal-covered, silver-tinted floating garage trashcan slices out a sliver of your pumping heart organ from your conscious breathing body while you are watching. I dare you to ponder that mental thought.

Bbot-two depresses the button cutting off the pink beam and withdrew the wiry limb, storing the devise inside its empty belly section. It jerks out a tiny clean glass-covered dish that contains red tinted wiggling worm which had come from Starra’s heart organ. Then the robot spins around tossing the sealed dish in the air.
Ty gasps in shock and spins around stumbling ahead in worry, tossing both of his arms in the air, not capturing the glass dish. Tok leaps from his chair and races around, stopping in the middle of the room, leaping into the air without capturing the glass dish either. Then Ty collides into Tok then spins around, halting in place, hugging each other.
Ivan laughs with Rita at the two-person comedy team. They continue to sit and clap with delight for the destruction of the heart specimen. “O! We must do it, too it, again!” Ivan laughs at scarring Starra’s heart organ with another dangerous medical procedure.
“I think not!” Bbot-one continues to hover in front of the four metal containers and releases a wiry arm in the air, easily catching the glass dish, dropping the item down on top of the flat surface. He starts fiddling with the instrument. Bbot-two carefully flies backwards without injuring the two confused citizens, sliding around the last container, stopping beside Bbot-one. It starts fiddling with the medical equipment.
Ty and Tok untwine then dash ahead, slamming into the row of metal boxes. Ivan and Rita rush ahead then stop standing beside each other and behind the protective row of tall and wide black tinted medical containers while watching the two robots in silence.
Ty stomps his boot sole on the floor. A hidden compartment appears then lifts up a row of high stools with thick padding for the four nobles. Each one sits watching the two robots in silence.
In the wall corner, I continue to rest on the softest pillows in the universe without a mental care in the world while mouth drooling my sticky salvia liquid down each side of my parted lips, staring at the long wall of white hue. “Pretty wall,” I mumble. I sigh with extremely happiness.
Anyways, I am an earthling crop farmer, not a medical nurse. This slimy biological and chemical body stuff really grosses out my psyche. If I was not highly sedated without nervous nerve endings and other fearful emotions, then I might faint down into the puffy pillows blocking out the rest of the medical procedure that would next on Rann’s almost dead body. I gurgle out a weird sound in the air waves. I sigh with extremely happiness.
Behind the wall of metal containers, Bbot-one holds a glass dish displaying a sliver of red-tinted, bloody, slimy heart organ from Starra then it gently connects the smaller suction on the dish to a gigantic circular glass plate. The robot slightly tilts the smaller dish and slides the specimen into a larger platter, closing the suction door, removing the smaller glass dish. The tiny, red-tinted, bloody, slimy earthworm-like specimen glitters underneath the row of the artificial lamps and does not move or wiggle only sticks to the smooth glass bottom. 
Each noble male or female sounds with a single gasp of shock and continues to sit staring down at the specimen without moving or commenting.
Bbot-two starts flashing a series of colorful lights in purple and gold on the earthworm-like specimen. The nobles stare in silence at the interesting medical miracle. Bbot-one states. “This red tinted sliver is actually an undifferentiated heart cell which was found first and then extracted from her human body. The undifferentiated heart cell is starting to divide and then multiply and then replenish a set of specialized cells that are present in the working heart muscle for Rann’s new organ. The unipotent progenitor cells have been used for human generations in medical regenerative medicine throughout the universe.” The earthworm-like specimen starts to wiggle. “The asymmetric division is beginning. From a single cell, the progenitor cell will self-renew by creating rounds of millions of heart human cells, before forming a mature muscle.” The specimen starts to jump up from the glass bottom then dances in the air, dropping back down and wiggles inside the sealed glass dish. The robot continues to examine the specimen. “The cell membrane proteins are forming. Start monitoring the signals.” The lead robot stores the device then scoots to another metal box, watching the monitor in silence.
“What is the monitoring of signals?” Ty continues to watch the two robots.
“Each cell produces an energy path that tells each cell what to do. If the set of communication cell signals are not present, then the developing heart muscle stops forming.” Bbot-one states. The worm-like sliver starts growing bigger in size before each pair of human and metal eyeballs as it continues to split then grow a thousand times in size from the first appearance glass dish. I sigh with disbelief.
“Dpp and adherins junctions are complete.” Bbot-two monitors the medical equipment screens.
“The signal pathways that lead to reprogramming of cells include several transcription factors consisting of the oncogene c-Myc, which directs the differentiation process and allows the muscle to become pluripotent.” Bbot-one observes the growing cells inside the glass dish.
Tok frowns behind the face mask and as his two eyeballs observes the process and his mind tries to comprehend the medical miracle. “I kind of can follow some of your bio-babble, Bbot-one. But what is a pluripotent?”
Bbot-one states. “The growing cell can become any tissue within the biological and chemical human body that I want it to be.”
“The growth process is complete.” Bbot-two continues to monitor the screen seeing the signal pattern in bright colors.
“Stage one is complete.” Bbot-one does not touch but points down at the large glass plate with a cover that displays a red tinted human heart organ weighing four ounces, with individual line of empty blood veins, four protruded valves, numerous empty arties, and thick muscles for Rann. The robot grabs the plate then spins around, viewing Rann. “Stage two is ready to commence. Open the coffin lid.”
Bbot-two floats in the air and stares down at the equipment, pressing the button in silence like a good worker.
White steam floats from the glass enclosure as Rann lays sprawled on a white-tinted flat metal table with a soft white tinted pillow underneath his bone skull both of his arms rest at his side and his legs are apart. He wears a black tinted pair of loose walking shorts over his naked body. His handsome face appears calm and peaceful with his eyelids closed looking dead. He is in a resting slumber.
Each noble gasps and stares down at Rann without moving from the chair watching the live medical surgical procedure.
On the entrance wall, I cannot hear the words or see the action as my natural body fluids and cells starts draining off the nasty sedation medication. My fuzzy mind becomes cleared. My blurry eyeballs become focused on that same white wall. My normal consciousness becomes reactivated with my regular senses then it kicks in my four Tele talents. Using my telemetabolics, I finish cleaning my body turning my eyeballs away from that white wall, seeing the back spine on each noble. Then my neurons recall.
The four metal boxes contain the medical surgical equipment. The four nobles in a row are watching the medical procedure. The two medical robots are performing the medical procedure and Rann is the experimental mouse.
I do not move from the ugly bed tray and perform a Tele scan using my telemetabolics on a sleeping Rann probing his mind first. He is dreaming. I inspect his injured body following streams of healthy blood flowing through all his healthy veins. His heart pulse ticks in a steady rhythm as his two arms and legs are twitching. His body is warm coming from a self-heating machine. His body shows good signs of life. I sigh with relief.
The mechanical heart-lung machine covers Rann’s entire chest cavity like big seashell with the semi-round edges and a silky, wavy surface in gleaming pinkish-yellow colored material, without seams, parts, wires, cables, or ports.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
“Unplug the cords.” Bbot-one orders. The white mist ceases and the bright lights around the bottom of the trauma bed goes dark.
“The power cords are deactivated on the trauma bed.” Bbot-two states.
“Remove the mechanical heart-lung machine from his body.” Bbot-one orders. The seashell-like machine goes dark then slowly lifts off Rann floating towards the ceiling into the storage slot.
“The machine is detached from his body.” Bbot-two states.
“I will implant the newly growth heart organ in his body.” Bbot-one does not move but tosses the glass plate sideways in the air waves as each citizen gasps in shock. The plate stops in the air then slowly lowers down over Rann’s bloody chest cavity with his two healthy lungs, releasing the newly growth organ down in the empty spot. The robot flies ahead, stops then stands beside the bed, releasing eight wiry arms from its belly and works on Rann. The robot snaps, cuts, and then tosses an orange tinted light on the new organ.
Bbot-two hovers at the third metal box and monitors Rann, announcing the information, “His new heart organ is attached.” The nobles softly cheer in happiness.
Bbot-one continues to stand beside the bed and monitors Rann, “Start the blood flow.”
Bbot-two presses a series of colorful button. A set of needles punch into the back of Rann’s forearms and upper legs, shooting blood proteins into his body. It reads the monitor. “Blood flow is established.”
“Do you see a rejection of the newly growth heart organ in Rann’s chest cavity?”
“None.”
Bbot-one continues to monitor Rann without viewing the nobles. “I will know within seconds, if the new heart organ starts to deteriorate and then stops its functioning at great speed than a zipper ship, during his death act.”
I continue to sit in the bed and stand on my kneecaps, wringing both of my hands. I am too nervous to use my Tele powers and monitor Rann’s medical condition finding a bad signal first. Anyways, if Rann dies, then I am going to bring him back to life by using Rita’s life form, if I have too. Rann is not going to die on me, since I have waited to become his wife for too long. I sigh with triple prayer.
“Select the cyclosporine medication.” Bbot-one states.
Ty frowns behind the face mask and stands on his kneecaps in the steady stool seat while watching Rann with worry, “What are you doing over there, Bbot-one? Narrate the rest of your steps!”
“Cyclosporine is an immunosuppression drug which boosts white cells from infection of nephrotoxicity.” Bbot-one states.
“I am ready to apply the medication.” Bbot-two states.
“Apply the cyclosporine medication to Rann.”
“The process is complete.”
“What is the clinical status of Rann’s heart?” Bbot-one asks.
“The heart of Prince Rann is non-functioning.”
Ty stands upright in the seat. “What!”
“Why is his heart non-functioning, Bbot?” Tok grabs the limp maser pistol from Ivan’s hand then points it at the rear metal on the Bbot-one. “And be very careful with your explanation, robot!” He growls at the lead machine.
Using my telemetabolics talent, I execute a Tele scan on Rann finding his new heart organ, the four valves, and all artery lines are in perfect clinical condition. Rann is alive and near death at the same time. I sigh with fear.
“Apply a strong shock treatment which will start the new heart on Rann.” Bbot-one orders.
“What shock treatment? Why are you giving Rann a shock treatment?” Tok sneers at the lead robot.
Ty squats down on top of his seat and carefully touches the master pistol in Tok’s hand while reassuring the large man with peaceful words, before the marquise blasts the two machines into two gooey puddles of melted metal. “Rann will be fine, Tok. They are the best medical team in the universe.”
Tok huffs in puzzlement and stills aims the cold barrel at the back spine on the lead machine.
A crooked line of yellow tinted electricity streaks down from an open ceiling slot sizzling with soft pops in the air waves inside the cold-feeling operating room, slapping the new heart organ. The organ glows in an eerily green hue as the unconscious of body of Rann jumps several inches in the air then drops back down on the hard metal cot. I sigh with surprise.
Each noble and Starra gasps in shock at the unusual medical procedure, staring at Rann.
Bbot-two states. “The heat from the lightning bolt has stimulated the nerve endings jump-starting his heart.”
“Is Rann alive?” Ty smiles.
“Not yet!” Bbot-one states. Ty growls then steals the maser pistol from Tok, aiming at the rear metal on Bbot-one. The robot states. “Apply a second shock treatment!” A second crooked line of yellow tinted electricity streaks down from an open ceiling slot sizzling with soft pops in the air waves inside the cold-feeling operating room, slapping the new heart organ. The organ glows in an eerily green hue as the unconscious of body of Rann jumps several inches in the air then drops back down on the hard metal cot. I sigh with deep worry.
Ty holds the barrel point and sneers at the back spine on Bbot, “Is he alive?”
“Prince Rann is alive.” Bbot-two states without emotion or facial expression. The nobles loudly cheer and as I cheer silently on the other side of the room. The robot states, “He needs a new blood transfusion.”
“I need a fresh supply of blood proteins, after the successful transplantation stage with Rann’s new heart.” Bbot-one spins around and views the row of nobles.
“I volunteer to do!” Ty flexes his bicep then extends his arm to the robot.
“I need the blood proteins from the donor of the heart sliver,” Bbot-one orders.
“Me!” I shout in shock and stare at the two robots. Bbot-two lifts higher in the air, flies over the metal boxes, heading to Starra. Every noble citizen spins and stares at Starra, in silence.
Bbot-one states. “I had explained the medical surgical procedure in great detail. I need your heart tissue sample and your blood proteins in order for Rann to live again.”
Yeah, like I had understood all the medical and surgery terms coming from a bio-medical robot before, during, and after the surgical operation including growing a new heart organ for Rann.
Bbot-two gently drops from the air waves and hovers at the bed railing, staring at Starra. I slowly extend my arm for another blood sucking procedure. The robot wraps a brown tinted leather strap around her upper arm then jams a sharp needle attached on a short glass tube into a blue tinted vein on her lower arm.
“Ouch! That hurt.” I sneer with pain.
Bbot-two jerks out the needle from her arm as its two teacup eyeballs stare at Starra. “How is it possible that you are experiencing pain? The sedation medication has worn off so soon. This is very odd.”
I do not comment. I had used my telemetabolics talent on my drugged body then cleared away the sedation drugs out from my biological and chemical system, because I had thought my medical procedure was completed.
“I will sedate her again.” Bbot-two states.
“No, it is too late! Go ahead and puncture the blood vein! Rann needs the blood now,” Bbot-one orders.
In front of the four medical containers, Ivan wiggles on the stool chair and sneers at Starra. “Allow me to punch her!” He punches his folded fist into his open palm while growling at Starra.
“Sit down, General Ivan! Puncture her arm with the needle for her required blood proteins now.” Bbot-one orders.
“I am puncturing her skin then her vein.” Bbot-two stabs the sharp needle point into her skin. Her red tinted blood proteins quickly fill half of the glass tube. “I have finished the medical procedure.” It jerks out the needle again as Starra sneers with pain and rubs her bruised arm, applying a telemetabolics touch. The robot spins around and pitches the tube in the air. Each noble person gasps in shock. The tube crosses the room then lands in a wiry hand of six metal fingers.
Bbot-one spins around then inserts abused and used needle into Rann’s lower arm starting the blood transfusion process. Bbot-two lifts higher in the air then flies backwards, stopping at its position, carefully landing in front of the third metal container.
On the entrance wall, the needled puncture quickly heals as my skin ripples with new tissue in bright pink hue of healing. I have saved Rann’s life again. So, he will become my slave for the rest of his days. I sigh with marriage.
Inside the trauma bed frame, Rann’s body quivers slightly during the new blood transfusion procedure. Bbot-one asks. “What is his blood pressure.”
Bbot-two starts to monitor the screen on Rann. “His blood pressure reads 50 over 45 then 80 over 50 then 90 over 60 then 110 over 70 and is level and steady.”
“That is very good What is his heart pulse?”
“His heart pulse is 40 then 50 then 55 then 60 and is level and steady.” Bbot-two states.
“That is very good. What is his heart volume per heartbeat?”
“His heart is 70 beats per minute.”
 “This is very good,” Bbot-one stares down at Rann without a machine smile or emotion.
“This is very good,” Bbot-two stares down at the row of monitors without a machine smile or an emotion.
Ty frowns behind the face mask and scans Rann’s body, “What is very good? What’s happening over there, Bbot?”
Bbot-one stares down at Rann. “The heart sliver coming from the donor Lady Starra is fully functioning at peak parameters inside Prince Rann’s chemical and biological body. He will live for another one hundred years with a touch of tender loving care.” The nobles start cheering and clapping for Rann’s survival.
“Thank you, Bbot-one and Bbot-two.” Ty smiles with relieve.
“Great job, bots,” Tok compliments.
“You did it! Now, you can live for another one hundred years,” Ivan claps and laughs for the survival of Rann and the two annoying robots.
Rita imitates a lady clap and a fake smile without a snappy complement, since Rann is alive and going to heal from the maser burn into his chest cavity.
“Close the chest cavity.” Bbot-one orders. The ceiling panel opens and reveals a shiny circular cylinder that displays numerous wiry gadgets and a set of solid metal hands.
Bbot-one drops the cylinder over Rann as each metal hand and an array of colorful laser lights performs the work closing the chest cavity. It states. “The chest cavity is closed on Rann.”
“Solder the rib cage on Rann.” A single pale green tinted laser light soars down from an open hole in the ceiling planks and then attacks Rann’s body, where only Bbot-one views the activity. Then the lightshow ends.
Bbot-two announces. “The rib cage has been welded on Rann’s body.” 
“Close the epidermis tissue around the rib cage and the chest cavity.” Bbot-one orders. A new pink tinted laser light appears from the ceiling then hits Rann’s body, sewing the skin around his exposed healthy bones and organs.
Bbot-two states. “The epidermis skin is closed on Rann.”
“Close the lid on the trauma bed.” Bbot-one orders. The lid slowly crawls down then clicks in place.
“Wait! Wait! I wanna see Rann. I can’t see Rann from this position.” Ty stands in the stool seat and stares down at the closing lid waving both of his arms in the air, feeling relief but worry.
Bbot-one spins around and waves his eight wiry arms in the air, ordering to each noble. “The heart transplantation surgical procedure has completed and is successful. Now, every noble must leave the operating theater. Prince Rann needs to rest for the rest of the day and throughout the night.”
“Leave!” Ty frowns with confusion and slowly crawls down from the seat, standing beside the chair, sneering at the robot.
Bbot-one presents a smile on its belly section then states. “The word leave means to go away or get outta of town or remove one’s body from the crime scene.” I giggle with the silly language from the metal trashcan.
Ty jabs his finger at the robot nodding with a sour frown, “I will leave and then return back…”
“…tomorrow...” Bbot-one states and points each arm, opening the closed door for each visitor.
Ivan slides off the chair then spins around, sneering at Starra. “I will leave with my bootie.”
Bbot-two lifts higher within the air current then flies ahead, gently lands in front of Starra, jerking out its eight wiry arms, blocking Ivan. “I need Lady Starra.” Ty races ahead then stops standing beside Ivan.
Ivan points at Starra while talking to the robot, “She did her job.”
“She needs both her rest and rejuvenation also.” Bbot-two states.
Rita spins around and frowns at the robot, “She’s a prisoner.”
“She’s a donor.” Bbot-one states. “I had explained the medical surgical procedure before beginning the surgical operation here inside the operating theater. Lady Starra is carrying the life-giving gift, her blood proteins for Rann. A human cannot live with blood proteins. Prince Rann needs her blood protein…”
“For how long?” Ivan frowns at Bbot-two.
“As long as I say. I am the head biomedical bot in this compound.” Bbot-one states.
“Bots, you can’t live without them.” Ivan sneers.
“This is a kind remark, General Ivan.” Bbot-two states.
“It wasn’t meant to be kind.” Ivan growls with a smirk.
“This is a very good point. Now, every noble and smart ass depart the operating theater for your home or your wing or your absence of nasty human germs here inside the medical room.” Bbot-one orders. Tok reaches out and shoves Rita from the chair. She moves first towards the open archway.
Ivan stands and jabs his finger at Starra. “I will get you later.”
Ty shoves Ivan from Starra and the robot. Ivan turns and head towards the open archway. Ty pads to Starra and smiles. “I will see you later.  Have a good rest, Lady Starra.” He spins around and exits the room next.
“All right!” I fake a smile and lean against the row of pillow flipping the blankets over my body, staring at the line of robots. Bbot-one leads Bbot-two through the open archway. The door slams shut. The room temperature decreases to freezing cold. I turn and smile at the closed coffin. Rann rests on his back spine pumping my red tinted blood through each one of his veins and wears a new heart organ coming from a sliver of my own heart muscle. I sigh with marriage.
I close my two eyelashes and fall into a deep slumber. I sigh with happiness.

Alien Day 130


Medical ward location
Outside heat and heated air temperatures
Cold and freezing room temperatures
11th hour (early afternoon)


I awake to silence and stare up at the white tinted ceiling, seeing the tiny seams which might hide more medical equipment or devices. My neurons recall yesterday’s events. I sit upright and lean into the nice padding of pillows, turning to stare at the glass coffin, gasping in alarm. I jump from a sitting pose using my telekinesis then perform a Tele float in the air, slowly executing a Tele glide through the air currents, gently landing beside the bed. I sigh with true love.
Rann is safety underneath the glass dome like a sleeping prince. I giggle with the silly mental thoughts. I sigh with marriage.
I reach down and open the lid with the aid of my telekinesis without busting the glass materials into tiny fragments. Swarms of white tinted, warm-feeling steam hits my face and floats to the ceiling planks. Rann continued to sleep peacefully on his back spine with each arm at his side. I sigh with true love.
My eyeballs trace a deep red tinted scar around his new chest skin from yesterday’s surgery. I slap my hands together creating a tiny heat wave within my open palms, placing both of my palms on top of his healing chest. Rann slightly shifts his collar bones from the heat. I sigh with true love.
I close my two gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I open my eyelashes tracing his burned flesh from the laser scalpel. A laser bean is a wonderful instrument for a medical surgery, but it leaves a nasty scar on the skin tissue which takes hours, days, and maybe years to heal properly, unless you are friendly with the local Tele Mistress. I sigh with true love.
I can make Rann’s scar heal faster. I touch the burnt scar feeling the raised flesh and misaligned soldering of his tissue, touching the caked blood. Using my telemetabolics, all his bio-life systems are healthy. His breathing method is shallow and steady. His heart rate, pulse, and blood pressure are normal.
The blood flows into his organs, veins, tissues, and muscles as his skin glows in a bright peachy orange coming from my alien blood proteins. After his own minerals, enzymes, and fluids cool then process my alien blood proteins, his skin tissue will turn dark brown again. I guide my two fingers around the perimeter of his nasty scar rippling his skin tissue smooth that display a bright red color then a light shade of pink beige satin tone. I sigh with deed.
I actually have saved his life twice, but who is counting.


I mentally flash backwards, within the third alien timeline, when I had jumped from the tower castle floor flying in the air, landing inside a busted hay wagon with Rann while saving both of us from the gang of nasty fighting rebels.


I mentally flash present, within the sixth alien timeline, the surviving gang of royal nobles including Rann, Ivan, Dirk, Rita, and Ty do not like me. I sigh with pity.
I press my hands together for a second healing touch placing each palm on each his naked leg. His body quivers from the intense heat. I sigh with hotness.
I close my two gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I open my eyelashes. Rann glows in bright red hue. I giggle with a grin, “Ah! That was a little too much heat, huh, prince?” I touch his sweaty forehead. He presents with a fever of 101 degrees Fahrenheit as his red and white blood cells are reacting to her heated healing touch. 
Rann stirs awake blinking open then shut his two eyelids seeing bright lights, dull star patterns then dark shadows, flipping sideways, folding his body into a curved ball. I sigh with happiness.
On the entrance wall, the door knob sharply rattles without opening.
“Bbot, open the locked door!” Ty shouts out loud at the machine.
I gasp in alarm then perform a Tele lift executing a Tele sail backwards, landing beside the metal bed railing, watching the door.
The metal door slams open and reveals Bbot-one first. The robot floats ahead and leads the second robot and a line of nobles consisting of Ty, Tok, Ivan, and Rita.
Rita turns and sneers at Starra. “Out of my way, prisoner!”
I am not standing in her way or anyone’s way still leaning against the metal railing, watching the commotion. I extend my Tele view seeing Rann also. I sigh with excitement.
Ty races around the two robots, the last metal container of medical equipment then stops, before colliding into the glass coffin, wiping off the glass material, smiling down at Rann. “He is awake. Open the lid! Get Rann outta of this coffin now.”
Bbot-one lifts higher in the air then flies over the row of medical containers, dropping beside Ty, staring through the foggy glass coffin at Rann.
Bbot-two flies in the air and lands in front of the third metal container, pressing several buttons. “Prince Rann has been sedated inside the coffin. He is peacefully sleeping for your final medical examination, Bbot-one.” The glass lid slowly crawls upright and exposes Rann.
Bbot-one orders, “Do not touch him! I must examine him first.” His wiry arm jerks out holding a smooth medical instrument, running over his body. “This is not good.”
“What! What’s wrong? Rann looks normal and healthy to me!” Ty frowns with worry. Tok, Ivan and Rita appear and stand beside the robot observing Rann. He is curled into a ball and faces the wall making a set of low moans inside the coffin.
“I am analyzing all his clinic information.” Bbot-two reads each monitor then states. “His physical condition is in excellent presentation. His heart pumps, his valves work, and his heart muscles are flexing within fully functional normal parameters.”
Tok frowns down at Rann. “But Rann looks different to me too.”
“His mental health has been damaged within his mind.”
“What comprises his mental health? I don’t understand.” Rita frowns.
Bbot-one states, “His mind, psyche, behavior, personality, and true self are affected by a damaged mental health condition.”
Tok frowns. “Rann is awake and curled into a ball and faces the wall like…like he feels insecurity and awkward Is he now an introvert noble?”
“An introvert chooses to avoid all social situations. An introvert derives no reward from a social situation. An introvert finds any type of extra-sensory input overwhelming within their mental mind.”
“What’s wrong with Rann, robot? He almost looks frightened or afraid of me,” Ivan laughs.
Bbot-one states. “Rann is a healthy, alive male, who will live for one hundred years with a touch of tender loving care but presents with anxious temperament. Rann possesses a shy personality…”
“…most likely after his frightful experience with a physical interaction of violence.” Bbot-two states.
Ivan nods, “The robot is referencing the maser shot…”
“…when Rita tried and almost murdered Rann…” Ty turns and sneers at Rita. “Bbot had recorded the entire murder attempt on Rann.”
Rita gasps in shock then yells in worry, “What!”
Ivan spins around and points at Rita, ordering to the pair of Gbots at the entranceway, “Come and arrest her now, Gbots!” The robots soar from the archway in the air then stops, grabbing an arm on Rita holding her in place.
“You’ll pay for this, all you nobles.” Rita threatens.
“It won’t be soon enough for me, Rita.” Ty sneers at the real enemy and spy.
“Take her away and lock her in the penthouse!” Ivan points to the archway.
“Wait, Gbots! Rita should stay and witness her failure. Rann is going to live and he is going be healthy and mad.” Ty growls at Rita.
“I don’t like seeing both healthy and mad.” Tok chuckles.
“She can stay but don’t release her arms.” Ivan orders to the two Gbots.
“The body of Prince Rann is healed but the maser damage has affected his genes, his DNA.” Bbot-one states.
Ty swings around and views Rann, “Can you correct it, Bbot-one?”
“We are programmed to perform a behavioral genetic surgical operation.” Bbot-two monitors the screen.
Tok laughs. “Does that make Rann bold or bolder or boldest of them all?” He chuckles with Ivan.
“Several medical cases documented by numerous research studies have shown that a shy person is perceived to be a good listener and more likely to think mentally, before speaking or acting publicly.” Bbot-two states. 
Ivan frowns down at Rann, “Now, you’re a babbling cylinder block…”
“…unlike you, General Ivan, who continues to…”
“Silence, Bbot-two!” Bbot-one continues to monitor Rann. “Furthermore, the same research studies have shown boldness, which is the opposite of shyness, may cause problems, such like, impertinence and inappropriate personality behaviors.”
“Rann always exhibits an unpredictable behavior.” Tok laughs.
“Now, his new boldest bad body behavior will become similar to your grinding gritty growing personality, General Ivan.” Bbot-two states then presents a yellow tinted smirk on its belly section that no one can see.
“Gbot.” Ivan growls at the lead guard robot.
“General.” Gbot drones in a baritone timber still holding the arm on Rita.
“If this bumbling machine does not start the operation in three seconds, blast it between its iridescent sensors.” Ivan growls at Rann but talks to the robot.
“Yes, General.” The lead Gbot releases Rita’s arm then spins around, whipping out a maser pistol in four thick metal arms, aiming at the side view on Bbot-one and the rear view on Bbot-two.
Tok and Ty quickly back step from the robot laughing out loud with amusement, standing on the side wall out of range and out of action. Ivan can be a very intimating man, when he wants something done his way.
Bbot-one is a machine that is undaunted with emotion viewing the physical threat of a maser pistol as it also holds four of them inside its interior belly section. “My medical database indicates the gene for shyness and aggression is related to the DRD4 gene. Please access then extract that gene using the serotonin transporter, Bbot-two.”
Bbot-two jerks down the lever. The ceiling panel opened and revealed a thick metal arm displaying a sharp needle attached to a small glass tube. The arm carefully drops and hovers at the upper thigh on Rann. The needle slowly punctures the skin and sucks up a white liquid into the glass tube, slowly jerking out from Rann’s skin.
Ty gasps in worry. “What! What are you doing to Rann, Bot? Tell us! What are doing over there?” Rann does not move as his nerve ending are paralyzed again for the next medical operation from the lead bio-medical robot.
The needle jerks out from Rann’s leg dripping tiny drops of yellow liquid over his semi-naked body. The metal arm retracts into the ceiling panel. The panel closed shut. Bbot-two watches the computer monitors.
Bbot-one observes the medical procedure, “The DRD4 gene resides in Chromosome band 11 on the short arm, at the location of 15.5…”
“…and the anxiety trait has been modified for the desired outcome, Bbot-one.” Bbot-one states.
“Is he fixed?” Tok laughs and studies Rann.
“Fixed! He is not. He is adjusted.” Bbot-two states. “The new personality on Prince Rann has been modified to reflect qualities of aggressivity, arrogance and extroversion characteristics.”
“You better hope so, Cylinder.” Ivan threatens in an evil huff.
“I must point out Prince Rann had displayed these fore bearing attributes before his accident, but I cannot guarantee the degree depth of the new behavior.” Bbot-one states.
“Don’t worry! I can see that immediately.” Ivan laughs.
Ty exhales with relieve, “Thank you, Bbot-one and Bbot-two.”
Tok grins. “Rann is back to normal.”
“Close the lid, Bbot-two! The patient needs rest.” Bbot-one spins away from Rann and stares at the row of nobles. The glass lid slowly crawls and encloses Rann again for his rest and recovery from the medical procedure.
“How long does Rann need to rest before he is his old self again?” Ivan asks.
“Rann need to rest for two hours. Then he will be fully function at proper levels for a human.”
“He better function as a human again!” Ivan threatens.
“Do not threaten me, General Ivan!”
“He better function as a normal human again,” Ivan repeats the threat then sneers at the two robots.
“No!” A loud baritone timber echoes in the room coming from closed coffin. Bbot-one spins around and faces the coffin, flying backwards into the row of medical containers. The long glass panel shatters into numerous fragments then reveals two muscular arms reaching for the ceiling panels. His two hands work together then tosses the lid off the coffin frame as it crashes on the floor breaking into numerous glass fragment. Rann slowly sit upright at his fitted waistline and rubs both of his eye sockets, dropping down his hands, studying each person. He feels strong and is mad. He recalls quickly that a person tried to murder his body while replaying the mental scene inside his active mind. Scientists reveal that a coma person remembers and then replays the last scene coming from a violent act, after emerging from a clinical coma.
“Rann!” Ivan smiles.
Rann shuffles from the coffin bed and stands in the glass particles. He actually does not stand on the glass jagged pieces as his naked feet are a few inches from the wall using his hidden but talented telekinesis talents that he does not know exists.
“How do you feel Prince Rann?” Bbot-one asks and observes its patient.
“Angry!” Rann rumbles and surveys each face. “Who shot me?”
“Rita.” Ty, Tok, and Ivan says in unison and simultaneously finger point at her too.
He extends a naked palm and orders, “Maser!” Ivan hands his maser to Rann without hesitation. Rann aims the cold barrel at her face, greeting with a sneer, “Good bye, Rita!” The red wave hits the ceiling panels, not Rita. Ty had shoved the maser towards the roof rafters and cuddled Rann’s chest. Rann screams in angry. “Stang! What are you doing, Ty?”
Ty snatchers the maser from Rann’s hand then back steps from Rann, thumbing back over his collar bone at Rita. “She is Dirk’s spy. The one we’ve been searching for. We need her alive a little longer ending this stupid Civil War, Rann.” He nods with a stern face.
Rann turns and studies his faithful friend while pondering the wise words then nods to Ivan. Tok grins. Rita looks pale. Starra stay quiet. Rann flips his hand in the air, “Fine! She lives a little longer. Ivan!” Rann sneers at Rita.
“Yes, sire.” Ivan frowns at Rita.
“Get information out of Rita now, before I change my mind.” Rann growled at Rita.
“Gbots, follow me. Come this way!” Ivan spins away from Rann and marches to the closed archway. The two Gbots violently jerk Rita around following the back spine on Ivan, exiting the room, moving down a semi-dark hallway.
Rann continues to survey the new room then gasps in shock, pointing at Starra. “You!”
I continue to stand on top of the bed tray and study Rann. I sigh with silence.
Ty spins around and stands beside Rann, “Starra is not the spy. She is our prisoner, Rann.”
Tok frowns. “Rann, what is wrong with you?” Tok asks.
Rann exhales then stares at the entrance wall. “I feel different, strange, almost alien.”
“Alien! He’s not the alien. I’m the alien here.” I softly giggled for my eardrums only, since I am the true teen alien in this adventure story, but Rann does possess more of my alien blood inside his biological and chemical body systems. Thus, Rann is now part earthling, like Starra. I sigh with alien.
Rann points with a growl at Starra. “Take the prisoner back to her cell, before I make another executive decision!”
“I will escort her.” Ty moves ahead around the row of metal contains and approaches Starra.
I sit down then slide off the bed tray, standing in my tore stinky dress and a pair of bare feet. Ty stops and extends his arm like a true noble gentleman while offering protection from the new and improved Rann personality. We spin awake from Rann and exit the room, stumbling down the hallway.
“How are you feeling after that major operation yesterday, Starra?” Ty pats her arm.
“I’m a little weak.”
“I bet. If I have given my blood for Rann’s transfusion, then I would be standing and smiling here but resting after feeling tired and weak too.” Ty softly chuckles.
My lack of body parts, fluids, sleep, food, heat, security, and comfort will disappear after a touch of tender loving care from my awesome telemetabolics talents. And Rita is going to die. I sigh with revenge.

On the 13th hour, of a late and lazy sunny afternoon, Ty and I enjoy a light-hearted chat during the long trip back to a new bedroom on the penthouse suite floor, the eighteenth level again.
I wonder if I am located near Rita. Hark! I don’t hear sobbing or crying or screaming. So, that answer is a negative. I sigh with satisfaction.
Ty stops with a smile beside a closed door. Hbot guards the door like a good robot.
“Hbot, open the door for Lady Starra.” Ty orders using her new title “Enjoy your evening, Starra.” He releases her hand then back steps bowing at his fit waistline like Rann enjoys performing, standing upright and nods to Starra.
“Thank you.” I nod back then swing around entering my new room. The room is filled with cold air molecules as the air-conditioning system is working again. And I have not heard or seen, or Tele talked to nasty Dirk for a few days.
I wonder if he misses my smiling face. Well, that will be the last time he sees my teeth, before his permanently demise. My nostril smells the generous array of steaming hot and cold food trays. I march over the table, lifting each lid, eating from the platter like a nasty earthling. I fill my stomach with food and restore my energy with Tele powers pondering Plan B, the escape.
I had used Plan B which failed epically, when I had climbed down the building wall and became captured by Rann, who had hidden on the sun patio, out of my blinded eyeballs.
 And I had used Plan C escape, when I slid down into the carrier seat for fast takeoff becoming re-captured by Rann, who had hidden in the rear seat.
Okay. I plot Plan D, my final escape, getting from Rann and then search for Dirk, finishing my primary job. I turn and view the glass, swallowing the lump of food, padding to the window and touched the glass. Yes, the glass is closed and now smeared with rich creamy dark chocolate frosting. I pull back my hand and lick each delicious chocolatey finger swinging my free hand in the air. Using my telekinesis, the glass window pane slowly opens into the slot then stops. I lean over sucking on my middle finger pad viewing the far distance to the ground. I can’t use the staircase without being seen and then recaptured.
I laugh with smeared chocolate over my parted lips, “Like that was not going to happen a third time!” I struggle through wide and tall open window, standing on the ledge, leaning my back spine against the rough concrete blocks.
I close two my gray-tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
Go! I do not move.
Go! I do not move.
Both of my naked feet are spread apart standing on the ledge and as my back spine touches the window frame holding both of my dirty hands on each side of the window seal. My freckles face the sunlight without winds or guards. I sigh with almost success.
Go! I do not move.
I twirl around and face the open window slowly descending down while kicking a toe notch using my telekinesis and a bloody toe pad into the rough concrete block then halt. I shuffle sideways in front of new window on the eighth floor, straddling the ledge. I perform a Tele probe with my telepathy into the new room. The room is empty. I climb through the window pane then twist down onto the floor feeling the sore muscles inside my heart, where I had saved Rann’s life again.
Musical drums bang and flutes toot out a jazzy musical song as the musical notes float upstairs from the room below my feet.
“That’s nice for them! The party sounds fun for them.” I stroll forward from the room into a dark hallway. “This is my day.” I whisper with a sweet smile of victory and slowly march towards an exit door while crossing numerous planks of new construction without reading the posted red neon signs. My foot touches the new floor plank. The plank doesn’t hold my weight then breaks falling through the floor, hitting the room floor below. I also fall downwards without hitting the same floor below, grabbing a steel pipe that runs across the side wall dangling eighteen feet from the ceiling in the air. No floor below my feet. No ceiling planks above my skull. No walls on either side of my body.

In the middle of the 13th hour, on a heated afternoon, I am suspended in the air and as my body twirls in circles over the dance hall. The dancing citizens stop dancing. The jazzy music stops playing. Numerous faint voices stop talking.
“Look up there at her!” A male dancer looks up and points at Starra. I sigh with embarrassment.
“Shoot up there at her!” His female partner shouts at Starra. I sigh with danger.
Rann appears and swings through the empty air waves by a dangling red tinted velveteen rope, scooping Starra with one hand, landing on top of a protruding balcony. He cuddles her then waves his free hand at the staring citizens below on the dance floor.
“Toss her down, Rann!” Another female shouts at Starra.
“And they call me a monster.” I frown with annoyance at the dance floor of people.
“Quiet!” He hugs Starra.
I look up and smile at Rann, “Did I insult you or something?”
“Don’t debate with me right now! I swung over here and saved your life, Starra.”
“Hmm! How many times is that, Rann?”
“I don’t know but this isn’t personal, Starra.”
“What! Why did you insult me?”
“You’re a business proposition, Starra.” He laughs.
“O! I forgot.” I giggle.
On each side wall, a comlen illuminates and reveals a horse-shaped, pale-tinted face. King Dirk covers the wide screen announcing to the citizens. “Citizens of the universe, I have an announcement.” He smiles. “I am conceding the victor of the War to Prince Rann. He has defeated me, once for all.” The citizens erupt in clapping, cheering, yelling, and whistling. “Prince Rann, I welcome a truce and signing of the peace papers at your convenience.” Dirk grins. I sigh with marriage.
“I accept.” Rann shouts to Dirk as the comlen goes blank.
“Finally!” I smile with relieve at the comlen.
“Finally!” Rann smiles and pulls Starra into his bare chest, leaning down, kissing her lips. He pulls back then smiles at her. “Do you know what this means?”
I view Rann, “I’m no longer a monster.”
“You are no longer my prisoner.” Rann smiles.
“May I leave!”
“We will leave together for Planet Commerce and end this War.” He laughs then leaps off the platform. Starra screams in fright hanging onto Rann.


One hour later…

Planet Commerce location
Rear entrance on King Dirk’s castle
Ugly weedy grounds
14th hour (late afternoon)


Rann pilots the zipper with Starra while discussing their upcoming wedding ceremony. I sigh with true love.
Told ya! He can’t forget me! I smirk. “I have heard of Rann, the prince of Sahara, not Rann, the peacemaker of the universe.”
“I want peace in our universe.” He halts the ship. The ship hovers in the air slowly dropping on a plot of tall, yellow-colored weeds. He kills the engine power.
“I do, too.” I nod with a stern face and exhale with relief that the war is done. “I wanna help you rid the universe of Dirk.”
He turns and smiles at Starra, “I accept your assistance, Lady Starra.”
I wiggle in the chair and slightly smirk with overconfidence then yawn from overexertion, mumbling the words, “This is finally my day.”
Sbots or service robots surround the grounded zipper ship, reaching out, opening each door. I slide off the seat then dash around the nose grill on the spacecraft colliding, for fun, into Rann. He hugs Starra then leans down kissing her lips.
“Welcome to Commerce, Rann!” Dirk appears from the courtyard of dead flowers and slowly strolls across a manicured patch of dead grass blades greeting with an informal title, without extending his pale-tinted hand. Both metal and human royal guards surround Rann and Starra aiming a maser rifle at each bone skull.
Rann pulls back from Starra then turns with a sneer staring at the cold barrel on the maser rifle, “What is the new deal here, Dirk?”
“Your plan has worked perfectly, Princess Starra.” Dirk bows down at his fitted waistline to Starra then stands upright laughing out loud with delight.
I gasp in shock and shout in panic at Dirk, “No! No! No!” Dirk has double-crossed both me and Rann for the money, honey. I sigh with surprise.
Rann shoves Starra from his body then sneers at her face. “Your plan worked very well, Princess Starra.” I sigh with surprise.
“Good job, Princess Starra!” Rita appears and stands beside Dirk, touching his arm then his hand while smiling at Starra.
I gasp in shock and shout in more panic at Rita, “No! No! No!” Rita is supposed to be dead by the hand of Ivan, instead she stands here in a new red-tinted, lovely ball gown, a pair of matching red-tinted summer sandals, and a freaking ruby-coated tiara over her blonde hair roots. I sigh with jealousy.
“Ya scheming little serpent, you have tricked me, thrice,” Rann sneers at Starra.
I gasp in shock and shout in panic at Rann, “No! No! No!” Rann blames me for this new mess.
Dirk stares at Rann, “Guards, move and place Rann inside his uncomfortable jail cell immediately.”
“Do you mean alive?” Rita grins at Rann.
“I mean alive and well until his time is done!” Dirk grins and snaps his fingers.
Rann back steps from Starra and the huddle of guards jerking out his maser pistol from his belt defending his person from the true enemy of the universe, the vile pretend King Dirk and his sidekick, the evil pretend Queen Rita.
I stand in the weeds in more shock. I sigh with true love.
Dirk laughs. “Alive is preferred; but dead is acceptable.” Both metal and human guards charge at Rann.
“Get him!” Rita points and screams at Rann.
I gasp in shock and shout at Dirk, “No! No! No!” I sigh with death.
Rann fires his maser at Dirk. Dirk twirls into a short somersault avoiding the deadly wave. I dash ahead and stand in front of Rann extending both of my arms blocking his body from harm. “No! No! No!” I execute a Tele snatch grabbing all the weapons from each person holding in each cupped hand.
Dirk gasps in shock. “What are you doing, Starra?”
I shake my curls and frown at the king. “I did not come here to fight with you, Dirk.”
“I did.” Dirk smiles.
I sneer and wiggle my hands holding all of the metal weapons, “Then your vicious fight is with me, Dirk.”
“So be it!” He laughs.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine.
Dirk looks up in the dark colored rain clouds and waves both of his hands gathering the storm clouds. A single bolt of yellow tinted lightning drops down from the rain cloud finding each metal item, going through the weapon in Starra’s hands then lands down on the ground. Starra screams in intense body pain and cannot drop the melting metal of each weapon, falling on the ground and as her body slowly releases puffs of white tinted smoke, where her organs and blood has been fried by the natural bolt of electricity.
“Starra!” Rann gasps in shock.
“Take Rann to his cell.” Dirk sneers and stares down at Starra.
“She is going to die.” Rann screams in worry and struggles against the metal limbs on each Gbot while moving ahead towards the castle building.
“All of my citizens eventually die, even the great Princess Starra.” Dirk chuckles and spins away form Starra walking behind a bound and tied Rann and beside his girlfriend Rita.
I softly moan then slowly die on top of the pointy weeds, closing my two gray-tinted eyelashes into darkness.

Again, I sit, numbingly, in my assigned seat with purposeful blindness and two closed eyelashes while not moving, thinking, or praying as I am grateful for my breathing life force.
I un-belt the restraints popping the space astronaut helmet off my silver locks of hair then leap from the pilot’s chair landing on top of a warped floor, shaking my long hair from my sweaty forehead. The pilot’s chair is damaged and missing the back rest using my telepathy.
I lean down and study an active radar screen viewing the rough earth soil. I sigh with surprise.
Snow-capped mountains appear on the left-side of the wind shield and groves of healthy shade trees, pods of colorful flower, low-lying plant bushes, and green foliage on the right side of the window. My two eyeballs cut back and follow a semi-crooked, narrow vehicle pathway down the middle of the planet.
My Tele senses ping. Everything is fine.
I stare out at the dirty window glass while whispering mysteriously. “There is a structure thirteen miles northeast of the ship.” My Tele talents enjoy invading my mental thoughts.
I spin around and race ahead leaping off the uneven floor, flying in the air then gently land on top of the fertile soil. I slowly stand upright and look up seeing a bright yellow tinted sun, a pale blue sky, looking down at the smooth brown tinted soil, blinking back my hot tears of happiness and horror. I barely recall within my brain cells meeting a set of new people, places, planets, and palaces, since I have scientifically traveled space and time visiting here for the seventh time.
“Yeah, I’m back as the alien.” I wear a sour expression and think with sour thoughts shaking my bangs into my gray tinted eyeballs performing a Tele dash with the remote-control device. Then I press the button hearing the rain clouds of thunder first then the loud sounds of an explosion coming from the damaged space shuttle. Trillions of individual heated pieces soar into the air then swiftly drop down on the ground along with sheets of raindrops. I sigh with alien.

Citizens of the unknown universe:

Ann, Lady of Bonita
Bartholomew, Baron of Agri
Bea, Countess of Ice
Dee, Marquise of Resort
Dirk, Lord of Bonita
Dov, Count of Ice
Ivan, General of Militia
Ito, Priest of Bio
Ivy, Baronetess of Agri
Jo, Governess of Uni
Jon, Governor of Uni
Kona, Major of Militia
Lad, Viscount of Tech
Las, Priestess of Bio
Mar, Generalette of Militia
Rann, Prince of Sahara
Rex, King of Commerce
Rita, Queen of Commerce
Rosa, Lady of Bonita
Roy, Marquis of Resort
Tok, Marquis of Resort
Ty, Administrator of Sahara
Viv, Princess of Sahara
Zak, Baronet of Agri


Planets of the unknown universe:

Agri, planet of food and livestock or Food World
Bio, planet of medical facilities
Bonita, planet of land
Commerce, planet of Royal family and the Game
Ice, planet of snow and ice
Militia, space station of honor guards, pilots, police
Resort, planet of casinos and entertainment center
Sahara, planet of prisoners or Prison Planet
Tech, planet of technology or Tech World
Uni, planet of school
Wall, divider between the two solar suns


Bots of the unknown universe:


Abot, agricultural robot
Bbot, biological robot
Cbot, conqueror robot
Dbot, door robot
Ebot, evacuation robot
Fbot, football robot
Gbot, guard robot
Hbot, housekeeping robot
Ibot, inn robot
Jbot, jury robot
Kbot, kitchen robot
Lbot, lady robot
Mbot, messenger robot
Nbot, news robot
Obot, orchestra robot
Pbot, pilot robot
Qbot, etiquette robot
Rbot, repair robot
Sbot, service robot
Tbot, testing robot
Ubot, “U better not run” robot
Vbot, love robot
Xbot, excavation robot
Ybot, yard robot
Zbot, zipper robot

Present alien day and place and time and space continues…


Alien Day 131


Planet Bonita location
7th hour (early morning)
Black clouds with light rain at 62°F



The rain clouds do not glitter in black hue like the occasional far-away lightning bolt in pretty yellow hue. I continue to jog with a steady pace in a pair of three-inched high heeled, black tinted, fashion knee boots absorbing most of the annoying tiny rain drops on my naked hair roots while moving towards a tall, fugly, ugly brown building
The building stands eighteen stories tall with dirty glass windows appearing like a tall vertical rectangle. Numerous raindrops gleam on the ugly structure, the plot of thick green tinted weeds, the pods of colorful wildflowers, and the growing vines of greenery on the brick. The brown beastie looks a great place for hiding out alone and scared on a new planet as the new alien from Planet Earth.
I leap from the mud puddle, fly in the air, land in front of the door frame viewing a brand new shiny front metal door. Too bad!
I hike my kneecap even with my waistline then execute a Tele knock with my telekinesis kicking the nose snot out of a new wooden door as an array of small splinters attack my torso. I slap a T-shield over my body protecting the golden skin tissue and hidden internal pink tinted organs. Larger and smaller wood chunks scatter in the air, on the front porch, and over a clean floor inside the warehouse.
I still stand on the porch planks staring at the smooth, elegant, golden-plated knob lovingly attached to the damaged door, reaching out, grabbing the wet metal.
My eardrums beautifully hear soft musical singing notes, without a musician. My eyeballs view small then medium then large then smaller and then a larger set of colored wiggling lines, then vertical line then horizontal lines. The musical notes and colorful lines go wildly funky within brain cells. This is a metaphysical trip, not a physical ride. Next, I vividly flashback into the present.
I am Starra Starbuck, measuring five feet and one inch at weighs 95 pounds and one ounce, possessing a head of long, silver tinted, wavy hair, a triangular face, a pair of small gray eye sockets with gray-tinted pupils, a button nose, two apple cheekbones, and a cute cliff chin and a tone of golden tawny colored skin. My body wears lots of light brown colored freckles on body frame at seventeen years old. I am a Farm Administrator from Planet Earth first.
Then I became a Tele astronaut second serving the United Earth Government stupidly traveling the first intergalactic outer space trip to a new planet, within a new galaxy, using my awesome Tele paranormal gifts consisting of telepathy, telekinesis, telemetabolics, and teleclairvoyance.
Now, I have seriously survived a space shuttle crash on Planet Bonita while feeling alone and lonely as the alien.
“Stang!” I sing in harmony while recalling my flavored word from the past six alien timelines when something really miffs me off. I don’t really know the meaning of my flavored word. However, I use that flavored word at the most awkward time while staring the wet floor and dirty wall and finally a fat, fugly, ugly male.
The male is dressed in a wet, smelly, wrinkled blue colored military uniform with a yellow crinkly sash and points a maser pistol at Starra. 
“Get her!” A fat, fugly, ugly female guard stands beside the male guard and wears a wet, smelly, wrinkled blue military uniform with a yellow sash pointing at Starra.
I swing around for a grand escape seeing a circle of wet, smelly Militia soldiers with a maser, lifting my arms without smiling or escaping. I sigh with surrender.
The male guard presses the button.
My Tele sense ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
“No!” I cannot deflect a stun beam from a maser using my awesome Tele shield. My Tele powers do not work against a microwave beam that absorbs quickly into my body going through my golden skin tissue into my active nerves affecting my blood veins.
The male guard burns a blue ray at Starra. My leg quickly eats the blue beam into nothingness. Then my body stumbles forward landing hard on the floor. Without mercy and without my Tele powers, the male frowns. “She’s still conscious.”
“Blast her again!” The female guard laughs. A second stun bean hits Starra’s chest cavity.
My eyesight becomes dizzy viewing an array of little tiny cute blue dots then the little cute red dots on the floor then the ceiling, then on the gray walls and finally into a big blue dot.
The big blue dot represents the male guard. He stomps to Starra then flips the unknown female onto her back spine, tying both of her wrist bones together then totes her to the carrier ship.
I cannot jump or run with my body and as my mind is not responding to my distress call. I see a row of blue dots then close my gray-tinted eyelashes into darkness.



Two hours later…

10th hour (mid-day)
Planet Commerce
Prisoner cell setting
Black clouds and rainstorms at 100% precipitation


A pair of heavy black tinted cold metal chains pinch both of my wrist bones cutting into my delicate skin tissue. I am resting on my chest cavity and view tiny spurts of my precious blood on the cold, wet floor in purple hue. I sigh with trouble.

I mentally flashed backward, within the fifth alien timeline, Dirk was king of the universe and we had parted on bad terms.

Then I mentally flash present into the stinky, wet prisoner cell. Hungry, exhaustion, and coldness, the words mentally echo between brain cells. The inner guts of the familiar royal castle feel cold, dark, and wet.
The door opens and reveals the same fat, fugly, ugly female guard in the same wet, stinky, wrinkled military uniform. She enters with a sneer then lifts, shoving Starra from the prison cell.
My fashion boot sole squashes something really hard then soft walking over the wet floor. Yucko!
We exit the prisoner cell then pad down a long hallway displaying patches of purple, green, and golden paint, strolling down another section of the old castle. 
I don’t really care about the mis-matched paint on the side walls and the ceiling planks while pondering my new dilemma. I sigh with dread.
I hope King Dirk is a tiny bit more compassionate or understanding or just yells at me within the seventh alien timeline. Seven is a lucky math number. I sigh with luck.

I mentally flashed backward, within the sixth time alien line, King Dirk, somehow and someway, had metaphysically called down a lightning bolt and killed my person. And Prince Rann was taken as a war prisoner.

Then I mentally flash present in the same hallway turning the wall corner and view a new hallway with more mis-matched paint, halting last in a line of citizens and puzzle with curiosity. Each citizen wears a set of metal chains on each wrist bone and a set of wet clothes.
The line slowly shuffles ahead into the side door.
“Move!” The guard shoves the tip on a hard club into her back spine.
“Ouch!” I complain.
 “Quiet!”
I whisper for my eardrums only, “I will come back and get you later, after I bathe, eat, pee, and find a job with currs.” I close the gap and stand behind a taller male, who stands in front of a closed metal door. I perform a Tele view with my telepathy seeing a line of fifteen citizens behind the closed door. I sigh with confusion.
The door opens. The citizens shuffle ahead again. I stand inside the archway, when the door closed behind my back spine while seeing the familiar throne room that had been used by King Rex then Bartholomew then Rann then Dirk. The new room is longer and wider with white tined walls, which looks nice. All the furniture pieces have been removed displaying an empty shell, which appears grand. All the glass windows have been removed and sealed with white plaster which feels claustrophobic. 
“I am the queen and you are my captured prisoners.” Then a familiar timber echoes inside the grand room.
I lean around the taller male, gasping in shock, seeing the person.
A pretty, tall, slim, blond-haired, blue-eyed, mature female sits in an oversized golden tinted throne chair. She wears a ruby tiara and a matching long gown hiding her vile, evil personality. Rita is the queen of the universe. I sigh with disaster.
Dirk is only an ugly, rude, nasty, mean noble; but Rita is the crazy, insane one in their shared partnership. I sigh with danger.
Rita sneers without a comfone and points at each citizen then slaps her chest with numerous jeweled gemstones that rattle in the air currents. “You have one choice! Join my service! However, if you wanna leave my royal army, then go ahead, which is fine with me. The escape door is located on the side wall.” She points at the wall decoration. One prisoner jumps from the line then races towards the door, performing his escape.
I admire her lady guts first, but I greatly desire to leave second. I have a new job finding first then killing Dirk last.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
Bang!
I jump in fear, after hearing the loud noise, seeing the dead female on the floor in a puddle of her own spilling red tinted blood proteins. She lies several feet from that exit door on the side wall. Rita killed in cold blood shooting the foolish prisoner in the back spine. The poor female was fleeing the building with Rita’s queenly permission. I sigh with danger.
Rita holds the smoking end of the maser pistol near her wicked smile. “Do I hear any other deserters in here?” She hands the pistol to the guard on the side of her throne chair then points at the next citizen in the line. “You!”
I stand with my two waists cuffed shaking with two nervous bony kneecaps. I’m going to die within the new alien timeline. My visitation will be short and sweet here. I sigh with doom.
The citizen shuffles from the line then stops in front of Rita. The Captain of her royal honor guard unit proudly announces. “You are an accused traitor of her Royal Highness, Empress Rita.”
“What is the crime?” Rita stares at the citizen.
“Stealing.” The captain announces with a smile.
I cringe both facial and mentally. This cold spot is not Planet Earth. A jury of twelve members, four sleazy lawyers, and one single honest judge determines your guilt or innocence. But today, right now, right here, this is Planet Commence and the law in the universe is ruled by Queen Rita, who becomes the judge, the jury, and the executioner. I sigh with more death.
The female citizen shakes her bone skull, sobs with fear, and cries line of tears without seeing Queen Rita. Rita orders, “Your punishment is death.”
The other guard fires a deadly red tinted wave at the female’s heart organ. The female swiftly melts like a piece of candle wax on the floor appearing like a pile of pink putty.
The throne chair, Rita, and the two guards slowly shifts sideways into a new spot on the clean floor away from the pile of pink putty then halts. The citizens in line slowly shuffles, halts, standing in a semi-crooked line in front of Rita.
“You!” Rita points at the male citizen. The male approaches the queen.
“You are an accused traitor of her Royal Highness, Empress Rita.” The Captain repeats the unpopular phrase. I sigh with repetition.
 “What is the crime?” Rita stares at the new citizen.
“Lying,” the Captain announces.
“Your punishment is death.” Rita orders.
The other guard kills the citizen into a pile of pink putty again.
“Stang,” I sing my flavored word. “She’s malicious today.” I sigh with doom.
“Just a little!” The old man giggles with nervous energy standing behind Starra.
I visually count the piles of pink putty finding thirteen. I do believe thirteen is an unlucky number.
“You!” Rita points at Starra.
My boot toes do move. I’m going to die too soonest within the new alien timeline. This really sucks! The guard shoves me with the club to Rita.
“You are an accused traitor of her Royal Highness, Empress Rita.” The Captain of her guards stands slightly behind the proudly announces while smiling at me.
“What is the crime?” Rita smiles.
“Trespassing.”
She exhales with confusion studying Starra.
I close one eyelash for the upcoming kill shot. I sigh with death.
Rita says, “Where was she trespassing?”
“She was trespassing on Bonita, the planet world of Lord Dirk,” the Captain nods with an evil grin. Dirk is here somewhere but missing all the nasty fun and bloody games with meanie Rita.
“Why were you trespassing on Bonita, prisoner?” Rita frowns.
“Live there.” I grin with my Earth humor facing an alien death.
She gasps in shock and stares at Starra.
I cannot call upon my Tele powers, because my usually calm emotions are jumbled, since a death act always frightens me into a mental state of both terror and silence.
She smiles at Starra, “Why did you arrest a true citizen of Bonita, Captain?”
The Captain stops grinning then frowns. “I cannot explain.”
“Because you are stupid! Your punishment is death.” She flipped her hand in the air. The other guard turns then fires the maser pistol at the captain. The captain does not have time to scream. Thank goodness! The captain dies then melts into a puddle of pink putty.
Rita smiles, “Are you a loyal citizen of Empress Rita?”
I’m completely stunned into total silence after witnessing that violent, gross kill act then slowly realize Rita has complimented me. I sigh with life.
I view Rita and smile with several head nods, “Yes! Always! Absolutely, I am your loyal citizen, your Royal Highness and Empress Rita.” I sigh with intrigue.
“You are to be tested for duty in my royal service.”
“Yes! Always! Absolutely, I am your loyal citizen, your Royal Highness and Empress Rita.” I repeat my devoted statement, so I can live. I follow a different guard from the throne room padding back down the same hallway entering a new side door. I sigh with duty.
Inside the royal kitchen with plumes of thick hot steam hitting my face and purple tinted wet walls surrounded by tall and short standard kitchen appliances in black hue, I halt a few feet from the open archway waving off the next plume of wet steam.
The young guard wears a pair of round-shaped eyeglasses and a nicely ironed and neatly pressed blue tinted military uniform with a yellow sash standing besides Starra, holding his nose holes from the smelly kitchen environment, “This female is to be tested as a cooking cook in the service of Empress Rita.”
“Okay.” The tall, overweight older female with gray tinted hair bun and pale tinted skin stands behind a large pot of drifting steam ball and yells at Starra. “Come over here and stir this pot of food, honey!”
I pad ahead then halt, leaning over the pot, seeing the boiling contents of oatmeal. I almost hurl a pretty batch of green puke down inside the black pot but nosily gag turning away from the boiling oatmeal. I cover lips then burp with an offensive stomach odor. I don’t like the sight and smell of cooked oatmeal. I back step from the pot and spin around, viewing the guard and the kitchen servant. They leave the room. I spin around and grab a big wooden spoon dunking down into the pot of boiling oatmeal.
I close my gray-tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I open my eyelashes and stare through the steamy glass window while containing the vomit down inside my tight esophagus, stirring the spoon with an index finger and a thumb pad. I stare through the steamy plumes using my telepathy seeing the rain clouds and raindrops. I sigh with daydreaming.

I mentally flashed backwards, within the third alien timeline, Dirk explained my wrong existence within his universe.

I am the catalyst, who causes the galaxy to turn upside-down, until I am sent back to Planet Earth by returning back through the wormhole. My second outer space intergalactic trip will correct the original timeline and fix the universe. 
I mentally flash present still stirring the pot of boiling hot oatmeal.
Dirk has tried and then failed six previous deaths within six pervious timelines without successfully returning me back into the swirling wormhole, while I end up creating a new alien timeline.
“What are you doing?” The kitchen servant reenters the room and yells at Starra, stopping beside the pot of oatmeal.
“Stirring.” I lie.
“Are you stirring or staring?”
I chuckle at my or her mistake. I might get punished by death or sent to the tower room or hung by my neck muscles again. I sigh with not fear.
She tosses both of her arms and stares down at the pot of oatmeal, “Burnt.” She shoves Starra away from the pot examining the dark brown oatmeal. “The pot of cooked oatmeal is burned. I have to feed 200 people in ten minutes. What am I going to do?”
“I sorry.”
She dances sideways and continues to wave her arms in the air, yelling for the guard, staring down at the burnt oatmeal. “Get her outta of here, before I burn her with my maser!” She spins around and sneers at Starra.
The guard rushes into the room then grabs, dragging Starra by her arm into the hallway, releasing Starra. He spins around with a smile and moves down the same hallway, yelling out loud “Next!”
I spin around and follow the guard to the side wall stopping in front of the elevator door. The door slides open. We enter and face the rear wall riding the carriage to the third floor, hearing the soft chime of the bell.
We venture off the carriage and enter the royal dining room. A large and wide room with numerous eating tables and matching chairs surrounded by walls of tall glass windows revealing the nasty rainstorms. I slowly pad behind the guard and scan the smelly dining room.

I mentally flashed backwards, within the fourth alien timeline, when I did the “waitress” thing and didn’t like it. 

I mentally flash present back into the smelly dining room. I really don’t want to repeat it again.
The guard thumbs back over his collar bone and smiles at the head waitress.
She holds two steaming trays of food and wears a queen-sized body frame covered in an old patched knee-length brown tinted dress without sleeves, a head of grayish-reddish colored hair, and pair of brown tinted eyes. She sneers at Starra. “Are you a waitress? Do you know how to wait on tables?”
I do not sneer or move or comment.
The head waitress places the two trays on the closet table without a person then spins around, moving towards the side wall entering a small dressing room, where a rack of pink tinted short dresses hang on the wall.
I enter the room, select an outfit, quickly dressing, exiting the room. I follow the waitress to the forward wall then stop, sitting down on the bar stool, nodding to the waiter bot.
The head waitress says to the waiter robot. “Wbot, this is the new hostess for the beverage bar environment.”
Patrons quickly fill each empty table and then rudely yell for food and beverage service. An ugly, tall male slaps his fist on the table then points to Starra, yelling with a pair of healthy lungs “Hey, you! Bring us some cold drinks, cutie!” Wbot starts to pour a brown colored liquid in three mugs for the new food waitress then finishes, sliding the new tray to the new waitress.
I grab the tray holding using my girly muscles plus my telekinesis, spinning around, facing the three men. I smile then hiss at the rude male. “Okay! If you insist, sir!” I hiss at the rude male toting a heavy tray of tall cold beverages of ale then stop, placing a tumbler in front of each guy. I sigh with boredom.
I am ready to be tested for something new and different as I greatly desire not to be a waitress anymore. My sensitive earlobes do not like the shouting sounds coming from each rude customer. I dance back to the bar counter on my scruffy black tinted fashion knee boots then over to each table toting another tray of glasses of cold brew. My naked feet start to ache in the heeled leather boots. Then I purposefully slip sideways on that invisible wet spot in the middle of concrete floor as my heavy tray with numerous columns of tall, sweaty tumbles of cold brew falls upwards then lands downwards on a crowned bone skull of several customers. Each customer becomes wet first then unhappy second and finally mad. Poor things!
I catch my balance without breaking my nose holes and grin with a sly giggle at the closet table of wet customers, “Do you require a towel, love?”
The guard is quick entering the dining room, dragging Starra from the angry patrons into the hallway, shouting out loud. “Next!” We spin around and take the carriage to the sixth floor.
We exit the carriage in silence. He leads Starra down a crooked, long, semi-dark hallway without mounted pictures or glass windows or decent lighted lamps.
Honestly, I don’t remember the layout of each floor at the royal castle, but I do recall one event when I have slowly toured each floor.

 I mentally flashed backwards, within the third alien timeline, when Prince Rann and I had fought with a gang of pirates tearing up our bodies and the hallway inside the royal castle.

Then I mentally flash present following the guard. He turns into the last door on the side wall and paces down a longer, darker hallway towards a darker room without a single glass window or a nailed picture frame or a creepy spider’s web. I wring my hands and cannot access my Tele talents whispering my words. “I promise I will try to really hardy on my next job assignment.” I sigh with fear. The guard chuckles.
I continue to follow my master…naw…my guard into a black tinted room without a window, a door, or an occupant stopping a few feet into the room. My eyeballs adjust to a dimly lit windowless room seeing a ghost or a monster or an old tiny female. Yeah, it is a female. I sigh with puzzlement. 

The unknown female lifts up her sharp, pointy chin from the brightly illuminated desk surface possessing a ghostly white-tinted skin complexion with a head of long, straight, gray-tinted hair strands running down her humped flesh and then her crooked back spine. She sneers at the guard, “What!”
“I bring help.” He softly speaks without hand or body movements.
She stares at Starra. “It’s about time!” She points an empty chair beside her illumined desk surface.
I glance around the dark and empty room with puzzlement discovering that I am the only one standing in the dark room. The guard back steps from the unknown lady and stands before the archway watching and listening to the two women.
I sit down in the chair. She gently pushes a silver-tinted mini-bot to Starra. I touch the metal edge feeling the sensations of cold, dead, and not working. I say. “Broken.” I sigh with perplexity.
I cannot fix mechanic stuff as I am a Tele Mistress, not a machine mechanic. But I can adjust some mechanical equipment parts on a solar car and some of the various farm tractors for preventive maintenance and small repairs with Ming, of course, on Planet Earth. I sigh with homesickness.
There are competent technicians trained and educated to perform robot and computer services on Planet Tech World, owned by Empress Rita. The old woman must know that fact, since every child is taught about the planets, stars, not wormhole inside the galaxy’s school for kids and teens on Planet Uni. I sigh with frustration.
“Fake.” She softly speaks.
“Fix.” I smile.
“Fake.” She repeats.
“Fix.” I repeat.
“Fake.”
“Fix.”
“Fake.”

I mentally flashed backwards, within the first alien timeline, when Lady Rosa had made me guess about the Sickness patients and the cause, in which, I had figured it out.

A Sickness patient within the red tinted Book is a medical patient first who falls into a deep coma then re-emerges into full consciousness, two days later. Each medical patient is re-born into a higher state of consciousness within their physical brain and is re-engineered into a world of the metaphysical sciences with a single innate Tele talent consisting of telepathy or teleclairvoyance or telemetabolics or telekinesis busting from each psychic mind. Of course, I possess all four talents, since I am an alien on this new planet within the new galaxy. I sigh with alien.
I smiled. “Is your name Rosa?” 
“Fake.” She softly speaks without a happy or sad or worried facial expression to Starra.
I ponder her last spoken word fake within my active using my slow-motion neurons, since the word fake means to have a false or misleading appearance. I look down at the machine. The mini-bot machine appears deader than a dead mouse. I touch it. The machine feels deader than cold steel. I smell it. Gotcha! Metal doesn’t smell to my inflamed nostrils or my awesome Tele sinuses. The bot sounds dead. I listen with my two Tele eardrums then say, “Dead.”
“Fake.”
“Dead.” I nod.
“Fake.”
“Alive.” I grin.
“Fake.”
I touch the machine and feel no movement or motion coming from a silent cold machine. Maybe, the mini-bot had used its self-destruct mechanism inside the metal casing which destroyed the interior circuits and cables. Or. maybe, the old lady had touched the borrowed mini-bot causing the bot to deactivate, without exploding into hundreds of heated metal pieces. I sighed with confusion.
“Implant.” I guess for fun annoyance.
“Fake.” She repeats without emotion.
I close my two gray-tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I perform a Tele touch with my telepathy on the cold, silent mini-bot receiving nothing. I cannot read a machine using telepathy. But I can touch a cold steel machine using my awesome telepathy reaching out for Rita as she is part machine and part human. I sigh with fun.
I execute a Tele flair with my teleclairvoyance on the mini-bot which doesn’t provoke a vivid color or a visual image within my Tele mind as it is really dead. I usually can get one image or a blurred vision from a cold, tangible metal object.
I conduct a Tele lift with my telekinesis floating the mini-bot in the air. It hangs there suspended like magic while the old woman doesn’t blink an eyelash at me or the mini-bot.
I grab the dead mini-bot and perform a Tele scan with my telemetabolics then halt with worry. I can’t use that Tele talent. The intense internal heat coming from one or both of my hands will melt the surface metal and delicate internal circuits while giving the old woman a fatal heart attack, if I accidentally damage the dead mini-bot. I sigh with frustration.
I stare at the mini-bot. The old woman stares at Starra. I still do not stare at the old woman but execute a Tele tap with my telepathy inside her active brain cells. Her mind is open and relaxed sending out a set of images.

The same mini-bot sits inside her palms. Her mind leaks the words including secret, scrambled, coded, cipher, message, unauthorized, encrypted.

“Encryption,” I cut off the Tele probe then smile at the old woman. I sigh with revelation.
“Yes.” She hisses with a smile of missing teeth then slowly stands using her crooked back spine from the hard chair, turning to face the open archway and walks on a pair of naked feet towards the guard. The guard scoots sideways nodding with a smile to the old woman. She exits the doorway and pads down the long semi-dark hallway.
I swiftly stand and follow the old woman in silence. I sigh with puzzlement.
The guard smiles at Starra. “There!”
“There is what! There is who! Who’s on first?” I smile.
“You are the new encryptionist.” He winks with a smile.
I gasp in shock. “Encryptionist! Naw, now, I am not!”
“Or you are become an old waitress on the third floor down in the dining room.”
“Naw, now, I am not,” I hug the mini-bot and frown at the guard. “What in tarnation do I do with this thing?” 
He points at the machine, “Your new job is to find all the electronic secrets inside that mini-bot unlike the elderly lady could not do for decades.”
“How do I do that?”
He points to his temple then laughs, “Use your brains, instead of your beauty!” The guard swings around with a grin and exits the room slowly padding down the same semi-dark hallway, standing at the elevator carriage. I dash from the dark room, down the semi-dark hallway, running into the empty carriage. The carriage stops on the ground floor.
The guard leads Starra from the carriage, down the hallway, exiting the building, pointing at the waiting black tinted air limousine. “This is your ride. compliments of Queen Rita.
 “Hot dang it!” I smile. Pbot opens the rear door. I slide into the soft leather bench. Pbot flies backwards then enters the driver’s seat, slamming the door shut, flying down the slightly damaged but yellow tinted cobble street a few blocks.
I see the familiar Bonita noble castle that belongs to Dirk pondering my number two enemy Rita. Queen Rita is pure evil along with Dirk, who is less evil, since they are double pair of pure evil. I sigh with caution.



Three hours later….

13th hour (mid-afternoon)
Bonita castle location
Front porch setting
Bright sunlight without rain clouds at 78ºF


The rain has stopped pouring down in figurative buckets and teacups of wet droplets. Pbot halts the transport at the front porch then opens the door using the button and not its metal arms.
I don’t care. I stare at the familiar castle as my new borrowed home, but it is the real estate property of the Lord Dirk. Dirk is still missing and presumed as a dead Lord Dirk or a dead Emperor Dirk or plain old dead Dirk.
Whatever!
I exit the transport and stomp over the broken planks on the front porch. “Yeah, it feels and sounds like home.” I slam open the unlocked door rolling my eyeballs then enter the room, stopping a few feet into the familiar living room setting and smell the familiar stinky odor.
I had personally hand-washed and foot-cleaned this place in the previous second and fifth alien timelines. when I had lived here. I sigh with toil.
I walk across the floor without old or new furniture pieces, even the broken sofa had been stolen from Dirk’s place. Maybe, Dirk needs it for his new place, the southern tip of Bonita.


I mentally flashed backwards within the fourth alien timeline, when Lord Dirk had visited the strange island on Planet Bonita with his girlfriend Rita and me.

Then I had done something stupid for Dirk and died after doing that stupid thing.


Then I flash present into the seventh alien timeline pondering if a dead Lord Dirk or a dead Emperor Dirk or a plain old dead Dirk is buried there, since he is not present drooling over Rita’s shooting hand, not realizing that the empress has a steady hand and a steel heart to boot. I sigh with discovery.
I giggle with my silly thoughts and trot upstairs for a look-see.
On the second floor, I find my old dull-painted chartreuse colored bedroom with a tidy, neat, clean yellowish-green tinted bed mattress and walk into an open closet filled space of new clothes. I sigh with delight.
I prance in front of the rack of new outfits in pink colored tops and ruffled short skirts, all my size. Rita recalled my cute trendy style. But I do question her evil empress intentions and I can look cute doing it. Yeah, baby.
I drop to my kneecaps and eye burn a new pair of cowgirl boots that paints in black python all over the leg inlays, not from ankle to toe. The foot and a little more hold hot pink-colored leather of some type of animal skin. I don’t wait for a party slipping off my nasty black jumpsuit and fashion boots then sip on one cowgirl boot over my dirty sock. The boot fits perfectly. I sigh with pinkness.
I leave a nasty pile of abuse blackness with my Planet Earth clothes. The Clothes Fairy can come and collect that pile of crap, maybe leave a new dancing gown and shoes for my dancing partner Rann. I carefully hug first then kiss second my new pair of pink and black boots, because a girl likes to pamper her toes and her soles. I lean over and store my precious boots in a dark wall corner within the wardrobe closet. I must bath my nasty body first then work my ass off second performing my new job as the latest and greatest Encrypt-o Girl.
I stand from the floor and nod with a smile. “I like that. I am Encrypt-o Girl, Yay!” I swing around and sing the familiar country musical song. I can’t the tune from my mind, after hearing on the radio musical station inside the borrowed air limousine. Pbot must like country music. I stomp into the hot shower while singing off-key for all spying eardrums.
A few minutes later, I emerge wet and clean smelling like rose petals. Rita had purchased and left bottles of perfume. I move ahead and collide into the vanity bureau, grabbing a perfume bottle, spreading my nakedness. I smell great.
I wish Rann was here for our honeymoon night, after our happy marriage ceremony in his big golden castle. Lord Dirk might show or now as he must dead from Rita’s shooting hand.
“That girl can shot a maser pistol. Dang it! Who knew that? I didn’t know that.” I enter the closet again and dress in a short pink tinted sundress with two tiny spaghetti stripes running up and down my golden-colored, naked collar bones while the air conditioning winds cools my back muscles then back stepped from the closet setting like a backwards flying robot.
I sit on the bedspread without the service of a Sbot. Rita is a cheap chick like Dirk and possesses lots and lots of currs, since she owns Tech World, Commerce, and half a universe of profitable planets. I sigh with envy.
“Maybe I should date rich Rita and marry super-rich Rann which would solve both my money issues and my Dirk problems.” I laugh. “Naw, now!” I scoot over the bedspread messing the neat work slamming into the headboard and grab the borrowed mini-bot. I gently pat the machine and smile with a nod like a new friend, “If there is an encrypted secret code here within the electronic applications on this mini-bot, then I will find it.” I sigh with cleverness.
I flip the lid then press my ten finger pads on the bot console. His ugly fugly, horse-shaped, pale-tinted face pops on the comlen. I gasp in shock then whisper. “Dirk is being hunted down for all his illegal and inhuman acts of crime to the universe for the past six alien timelines. Atta boy, Rann!” I smile and study the outline on Dirk’s face conducting a Tele scan, picking out the sentences. I read out loud for all spying eardrums. “He is the King. He is the Ruler. He is the Emperor of the Universe.” I frown, “Rita is the sneaky, cunning, and devious one, which isn’t stated here on Dirk’s face.” I sigh with nervousness.

I mentally flashed backwards, within the first alien timeline, when Queen Rita killed her own father. Within the second alien timeline, she murdered her own father again. 

Then I mentally flash present within the seventh alien timeline, Rita is still exhibiting her evil ways and has employed me. Well, I need a job and currs for food and shelter too. I need this job as my stomach grumbles with food while I ignore the hungry pains. I sigh with toil.
My normal eyeballs scan the comlen looking for more datum about Dirk, Rita, Rann, the nobles, the commoners, the Game and the universe, since the mini-bot is devoid of data, facts, and information. I sigh with confusion.
I don’t see any additional datum about the Wall, the twin solar sun system, the kingdom, or the citizens, only his familiar image. His fugly, ugly, face holds two beady eye sockets, two sharp cheekbones, and two ugly nose holes, and one big mouth minus a cloth rope around his neck muscles attached to a hangman’s noose. I sigh with revenge.
I smile, “I’m a Tele Mistress, not a trained encryptionist. So, let’s go exploring into the galaxy the old-fashion way using with my Tele powers.” I sigh with clairvoyance.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
Tech World is fully functional within the robotic parameters. Each silver tinted and black colored short and tall robot is working its machine duty inside each factory. Rita rules Commerce, Agri, Tech, and Sahara.
I continue with my Tele scan using my teleclairvoyance probing Planet Sahara. The castle is intact and complete with the old furniture pieces, empty jail cells, stored deadly weapons, grounded starships and no prisoners. Rita has forbidden any one person to occupy the beautiful golden tinted mansion. I sigh with dictatorship.
I continue my Tele scan switching to my telepathy hearing each living, breathing, and working citizen residing on Planet Commerce or Agri. I see rows of new and old homesteads, new hospital buildings, new merchandise vendor booths, and new school structures on both planets.
I continue my metaphysical scan of the other orbiting planets.
Using my teleclairvoyance, I feel pockets of oxygen and hydrogen on certain geographical spots on damaged Asteroid Resort, so the pirates still exist and survive.

I mentally flashed backwards, within the fifth alien timeline, when I had fought against the medically deformed citizens who had been created by Lord Dirk.

I end the time travel trip without locating nobles Rann, Ty, Tok, or Ivan breaking my Tele link. My eyelashes lift up and as my eyeballs stare down at the screen. I need to work for currs, eat for food, live in a warm shelter for the rest of my days and nights, because I love all of my cute clothes then mouth suck on the cute bowtie. I sigh with hunger.
The program coding inside the mini-bot is difficult to decipher within my smart neurons. I play on the keyboard hitting each symbol that convert into a letter or a number trying to figure out the unsolved puzzle. My fun amusement lasts for thirty minutes then diminishes into frustration. I sigh with surrender.
I slam the lid down on the mini-bot and slowly lift the machine in front of my chin, patting the outer edges on the metal. A single image pops into my psychic mind: Resort. Then a soft Tele whisper invades my eardrums: Rann. I sigh with happiness.
I have found Rann not the secret code within the stupid mini-bot. I resume the search dropping the machine down into my lap and open the lid. Dirk encompasses the screen without sound. I snarl at Dirk. I sigh with annoyance.
My eyeballs are drawn towards an array of numbers on the mini-bot then quickly unscrambled the numbers converting them into letters. The letters translate into words while I reconstruct the words into a set of completed sentences.
“Dirk is dumb. Rita is dumber.” I laugh then hoot and finally smile with great pleasure at the clever hacker that has hacked into this blog site. However, I cannot tattle this particular message into the eardrum on Rita without losing my head inside a hangman’s noose.
My Tele senses ping. Everything is fine.
I smile. “Suppertime!” Downstairs, the front door echoes with a set of loud knocks.
On top of the bed mattress, I gently toss the mini-bot on the bed then leap in the air, wiggling my hand, snatching up my new but old pair of cowgirl boots. I fly through the air and exit the room, soaring over the hallway floor, down each step, over the living room floor and then halt in front of the door. I drop on the floor then straighten my hair, reaching out for the door knob.
But first, I perform a Tele view with my teleclairvoyance seeing a pair of cute military guys in a nicely ironed and neatly pressed blue tinted military uniform.
I whisper with a giggle. “It’s the supper meal at Rita’s home for the evening.” I open the door and smile at the pair of handsome, muscular honor guards.
I can look, not touch. Anyways, I can’t find my current boyfriend and future husband Rann yet. I sigh with true love.
The right guard, that’s the guard on my right-side, not his right-side. The right guard, on my right, slowly drones in a sissy alto tone. “You have been summoned by Empress Rita for suppertime.”
Okay. Looks ain’t everything.
I joke for fun. “I ain’t hungry.” Neither guard smiles nor speaks at my cute remark. 
Okay! Looks ain’t everything, but brains are required for a good beau.
I fake a smile and finger the air limousine. “You’re the bosses.”
I follow them into the transport standing in the rear seat, patting the smooth leather. This is the lifestyle for a princess. No driving, no cleaning, and no cooking. I sigh with wealth.

Two hours later, on the 15th hour of the early evening, at the red building, in front of the auditorium door, displays a red and yellow sunset without clouds at 68ºF. I ignore the pretty sunset and exit the transport, slowly moving with lines of citizens and then halt in front of the crowded entrance doors. I sigh with puzzlement.
 My honor guard unit swiftly slides sideways showing the stalled citizens a new entranceway, a concrete staircase of the side wall on the auditorium building. I have never seen an outside staircase on the northern side of the building, something new, perhaps for the seventh alien timeline. 
I drag behind then stall again within a crowd of smelly citizens breathing on my right and left cheekbone. The citizens slowly enter a side door twisting around the spiral walls leaning against each other, on each other, and too close to each other. I stand and squash between two slender, tall, model-body females appearing like a mighty midget girl then sneeze…naw…fart. The I smell and laugh at my offensive odor. The two skinny girls slide away from the fart giving me more nostril breathing room still smelling my nasty odor. I sigh with humor.
Each tall or short or ugly or pretty citizen leans against the ancient red tinted painted wall and quietly whispers to each other while patiently waiting for a miracle of angels or the supper meal or Queen. I sigh with hungry.
I recognize one of the pardoned prisoners from this yesterday standing beside me. The elder male had laughed at Rita’s sick jokes and won his freedom and his life. I sigh with confusion.
I perform a Tele read using my telepathy mostly out of boredom sending a quick Tele tap into the surrounding minds from some of the nosily citizens, who ponder their current job, consisting of pilots, technicians, teachers, nurses, cooks, maids, butlers, teenagers, and children but no Agri business associates. Even Rita doesn’t mess around with the food supply chain. She is really a vile but smart mature woman. I sigh with boredom.
Rita appears in an open archway on the forward wall then moves inside, standing in front of a short podium beside a group of small, medium and large silver-tinted cylinder-shaped telescopes attached to three vertical poles. I sigh with surprise.
She scans the audience and orders to the Tech World technician. “Display the image!” The wall behind her back spine illuminated three comlens exposing a tiny lumpy-shaped semi-circle thingy in black space. The lump is brightly colored in reds, blues, greens, pinks, and whites. 
The technician spins around and points to the comlens. “This is a live feed. The asteroid is a massive size with air and gravity and almost comparable to Planet Commerce. Maybe, it once was a viable oxygen enriched world for citizens. Now, it is a lifeless celestial object hanging out in outer space. The interior land masses are filled with numerous ecological and economic and evolutionary risks to citizens, lungs, and starships.” He presses a button then reveals a lumpy asteroid appearing like an alphabetic letter E with pointy-star figures protruding around the curve of the letter. The open space appears red tinted like a permanent forest fire burns within that geographical area on the asteroid. The hollow middle of the E display blue colors like a massive ocean water.
He says. “This is the site that we are currently attacking for some unknown reason, Empress Rita.”
I cut my eyeballs from the comlen screen to Rita’s face. She doesn’t twitch a facial or arm muscle and appears as a cool cucumber. I sigh with coldness.
He says. “The land is badly burned and shadowed in blacks and grays with no life signs, but green grass indicates new growth. The lake is pink tinted from dead fish and fried aquatic life forms. The blue boxes our six zipper and three carrier starships. The ships dive down from a blue sky then seriously bomb the land surface of green hue. This is the precise target of our maser bombs, Empress Rita. Once upon a time, there was a hidden base of the space pirates living with the colorful fires of red, green, and yellow maser waves. However, I do believe that the space pirates have been exterminated.” The image changes. “In this larger image, you can the disintegrated and destroyed seaports, the farm landscapes, the hotel buildings, and the gambling casinos and no sight of nasty pirates. Since, once again, they have escaped your wrath, Rita.” He smirks at the comlen. I sigh with victory.
Rann, Ty, Tok, and Ivan, they are all located on the asteroid Resort coming from my Tele zoom around the twin galaxies. I sigh with angry.
Rita slaps her palm on the short podium. “That precise location, where our starships are bombarding and burning, is really a secret military base, which is headed by Prince Rann. He lives on this once prosperous but abandoned world. My goal, which is your goal, is to seek and destroy all of them. Thus, I decree Civil War with Prince Rann. The bomb attack at a hidden base on asteroid Resort is real.” She thumbs back over her collar bone at the comlen. “And so are these new shiny pieces of metal.” The image changes showing a shiny undestroyed object on the comlen.
 My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine.
“These are a fleet of new battle ships,” a brave citizen shout as the other citizens softly mumble.
I examine a newer cooler outer space starship design, which is Rann’s idea as I possess brains, brawn, and beauty for my love Rann. I sigh with true love.
“The flying craft had been modified for fast speed and faster sheath capabilities. Our older pieced together old tubs are kept up tighty by mouth spit and torn shirt tails,” Rita frowns. “The new battle information that I have secretly gathered and collected shows three zipper ships. Each zipper possesses cloaking ability and rapid quantum speed for faster fighter service.” She nods with a smile. “I plan to steal one.” The citizens softly mumble. She continues. “This spy mission is to infiltrate their starship center and steal a prototype and delivery it back to our base for examination and study. Destroy the other two prototypes inside a flight hanger of the landing bay eliminating the advantage for Prince Rann.” She grins.
“Good luck!” Another bold citizen laughs.
“Impossible feat!” A third brave citizen screams at Rita.
Rita states. “I have made the parameters of this important mission as clear and dangerous as possible for your understanding and your decision. I want one volunteer. One volunteer to slip passed the guards and to secure that ship. This mission is dangerous but crucial in our efforts to defeat the evil Prince Rann and his dictatorship over our universe.” She means her universe, forgetting to substitute that ambitious vocabulary word. I sigh with wrong-ness.
I am not volunteering for a suicide mission, going directly into Rann’s wolf den finding a heavy guarded prototype alpha ship with some new bells and whistles and then fly it off damaged Resort into an atmosphere of thousands of miles of open cold black outer space towards the Wall of space junk and bring it back to a greedy, pretty, selfish Empress Rita. I sigh with laziness. 
I scan each worried face and will allow a true native to take the dangerous and deadly mission. I haven’t proven anything yet, except that I can talk and intimidate a senior royal of Planet Commerce. I’m very comfortable in my new role as Encrypto Girl, since it feels like chewing gun and walking at the same time, a simple talent. I had perfected that duel talent over the years as a young child on Planet Earth. I sigh with silence.
“I will!” A young adult male with a tall body frame and brown tinted hair shouts out loud and steps forward from the crowd wearing a pair of worn boots and smiles waving to Rita.
Rita smiles. “Brave lad!” She spins around and exits the open archway with the brave lad following behind her.
The citizens slightly cheer then quickly cease starting to mumble about the terrible fate of the young man, slowly leaving the building, returning back home which includes Starra. I sigh with worry.

Alien Day 132


Sunny skies and parted cloud at 73ºF
9th hour (mid-morning)


“Another meeting,” I whisper with annoyance and wiggle on top of the smooth leather seat in the nicely air-conditioned rear compartment, inside an air-borne limousine, wearing my new outfit, a sleeveless pink tinted blouse and a pair of matching walking shorts. Pbot drives away from my castle…naw…Dirk’s castle. I sigh with homesickness.
The transport halts beside the concrete steps at the red tinted auditorium building. I exit the transport slowly strolling into the auditorium setting, alone and lonely. I do not see crowds of citizens. I guess everyone is at work or at home or sick or dead. I sigh with choice.
I laugh out loud with amusement and slowly trot up the side wall behind the rows of noble skyboxes heading upwards to the top floor, a secret room. I enter the large room finding at Rita’s red-tinted flowing jeweled gown and feel jealousy that she looks and talks like a noble lady.
Back to me…I mean…Rita.
Her collar bones are slumped down at the podium stand and as her pretty face appears depressed and un-happy. But I’m happy. She looks un-joyous; but I’m joyous. I park a few feet from the sitting table and smile at her natural blonde-colored hair roots and that glittering red tinted tiara. I sigh with high glee plus a tiny bit of jealousy.
She looks up and exhales with frustration, saying in a sour tone, “Our covert spy had managed to arrive and depart asteroid Resort in one of the secretly built three zippers, without detection, but he encountered a problem.”
I drop my smile then softly say, “Too bad!”
“A zipper malfunction inside the ship caused from no oxygen inside the pilot’s cockpit. He died from lack of air. He set a navigation bot for our base, here on Commerce. But it was without success.”
“Tough break!”
“He has not and will not be found.”
I nod with a stern face, “Good call!”
“But he managed to record a coded message using a working comfone on the zipper accessing our space port to Commerce.” She slides a new mini-bot over the table to Starra, well, she slides the tiny small machine towards her new Captain of the Royal Honor Guard Unit. He is the live guard, who quickly replaced the dead one that she had killed during Starra’s dangerous prisoner interrogation.
The Captain reaches down then grabs the mini-bot, lifting the item from the surface, twisting his upper body and then hands the new item to Starra.
I accept and whisper down to the steel-coated lid. “I am Encrypto Girl.” I back step and nod to Rita, spinning around, exhaling with annoyance. I must go to work now. I sigh with toil.
I quickly exit the penthouse suite, down the steps, out the building, reentering the limousine and sit on the smooth bench seat. I pat on the machine and ride the transports. Pbot does not require any instructions returning back to the borrowed castle property.
The trip is quick. The air limousine slows then halts in the air, carefully dropping down the required one-inch from the hard surface without damaging the mechanisms on the underbelly. I wait in the hole for the pilot machine. Pbot quickly exits the driver’s seat then comes around, opening the rear door. I exit the transport and pad across the hard surface, tiptoeing over the broken planks on the front porch, slamming the unlocked door. 
“Who would steal from this place?” I frown with annoyance with more work. I wave my free hand at the kitchen gathering then preparing a meal of food. Rita had been kind enough for to supply my wardrobe closet and my kitchen food pantry as the new Encrypto Girl. Individual items follow behind my back spine including a food tray.
I reach the second floor and pad into my bedroom, kicking off each cute cowgirl boot that lands on floor with a soft thump. I perform a Tele lift then a Tele reach stretching on my stomach over the soft mattress while tapping a strange musical beat on the silver buttons on the new mini-bot. I smile. “What is this?”
Dirk’s face is made up of letters, symbols, and numbers and there exists a funky funny code embedded inside two nostrils of his sharp, pointy pale tinted nose bridge. I laugh and pick up the fountain pen, scribbling the letters on the wall paint near my body. The funky funny code contains three separate letters consisting of “E” and “W” and “M.” I sigh with disappointment.
There are six stupid combinations from those three particular letters. I sigh with annoyance.

EMW
EWM
WEM
WME
MWE
MEW


MEW is a crying sound of a purr cat or a caged Agri hawk or a secret place for hiding.

“Mew is a secret place for hiding. That’s it!” I smile placing an electronic arrow at the top of the screen, starting to read all the data from the beginning of Dirk’s red tinted cowlick to the end of his pale tinted pointy chin. After spending four hours reading then re-reading the information from top to bottom and then side to side on the comlen, I spell the word, heart moon.
I am absolutely clueless about a definition, description, or meaning of the phrase “heart moon.” There are moons connected to the planets, not in the shape of a heart. I sigh with frustration.
I type on the keyboard and replace Dirk’s face, scanning the outer space science database while searching for a man-made moon around a planet or around a space station in the shape of a geometric shape of a heart. I find nothing. I sigh with truth.
So, the only logical conclusion, Rann and the nobles are hiding out on a landscape in the shape of heart moon which resides on asteroid Resort. I sigh with correction.
“That’s my conclusion, Your Highness!” I smile with a nod to the comlen with practice for tomorrow. Rita is not going to love that answer.
I know where the nobles are located on asteroid Resort and Rita desires to know where to plant her maser bombs destroying Rann with a live airstrike based on her stupid meeting. But I have the pass code MEW. I sigh with power.

On the 11th hour, I return back to Rita like I really wanna be here and stand in the archway.
She quietly sits at the smallest telescope looking really depressed, but my news flashy blast should brighten her dull boring day. I sigh with victory.
I announce in bright cheery tone. “Good afternoon, Rita!” I perform a peasant curtsey placing my right boot toe behind my left ankle then hold the edges of my pretty hot pink sundress like a southern belle with graceful manners and high social noble class.
“Starra!” She looks up and fakes a smile to her newest servant.
I stand upright and say. “Empress Rita, may I have a moment of your time please?”
She stands and snaps her fingers. Shiny tall and short bots on the side wall come to live working together preparing the small table with food items. She moseys ahead to an unoccupied chair at the small eating table fit for two people, since Rita is evil but very well-mannered. “What you like to share the lunch meal with me?”
“Yes, I would enjoy sharing the lunch meal with you.” I quickly occupy the chair, sitting down, lifting each lid while smelling the delicious food items. I’m a Tele Mistress, not a master cook.
“I have heard of your reputation, Starra.” She smiles at the gray tinted hair roots on Starra while picking at the beef tip with the steak knife.
“What reputation?” I chew with an open mouth on the delicious steak tip while holding my steak knife in my left hand in the air.
“I heard about your reputation from Lady Rosa.” She slices a second steak tip with both her fork and knife stabbing the meat with the knife blade.
Lady Rosa is long time dead. If my math is correct dead, then Lady Rosa has been gone for the past six alien timelines. However, I am still alive but trapped in a seventh new alien timeline. I sigh with confusion.
I swallow the food and nod, “Yeah, Lady Rosa would know about my reputation.” I eat the steak tips then chew.
She continues to cut through the tender beef tips with the sharp blade from the steak knife for her amusement. “I am here at your service.”
“That’s wonderful, Rita. I need your assistance,” I suck down the cool beverage.
She stops cutting on the beef tips then gasps in shock, viewing Starra. “What assistance do you require, Starra?”
“I need your assistance with the elimination of the rebels,” I eat the buttered roll then chew.
“What rebels?” She frowns.
“I need your assistance with the elimination of the rebels that I have located on damaged asteroid Resort,” I tattle my secret and eat a second buttered roll.
“Resort!” She gasps in shock.
I will perform this simple task for her, but I want something from Rita as well. I sigh with deceit.
I swallow the food, “I know the location of the secret base,” I tattle a half-secret then more food, wearing a grin.
“How do you know the location of the secret base? What secret base are referring, Starra?” She frowns.
I swallow the food, “I can stop the Civil War,” I eat and chew the food.
“How can you stop the Civil War, Starra?”
I swallow the food, “I can stop the war. In return, you release me from your service,” I smile with chewed food particles between my front teeth.
She gasps. “Do you really want to be released from my queenly service?”
“I will become a free and wealthy citizen without military or social or cultural or financial or slave service to you, Empress Rita,” I smile at my brilliant blackmailing plot then slurp on the cool beverage.
“Do you want to accumulate wealth?”
“The empress has currs,” I softly giggle at my awesome extortion plot then present a plate of food crumbs.
“Did you require currs?” She gasps in shock.
I wipe my dirty mouth, drop the napkin in the plate then wink to Rita “Yes, I require currs that will assistance my elimination of the rebels on damaged asteroid Resort.”
She smiles with a nod. “I want you to destroy the nobles and their hidden base!”
“No!”
She doesn’t react but pouts her lips and ponders the personal intentions of Starra.
Emperor Dirk is still missing but enjoys hearing himself speak, snarl, and sneer at all the citizens, including teen alien Starra. Empress Rita exhibits a different royal style ordering actions, not words. I sigh with difference.
She shifts the folds on her long gown inside that tiny chair while faking that paint-plastered smile, nodding to Starra. “I agree to your demands, Starra. You are a true loyal Bonitian like your cousin Dirk.”
I gasp in cluelessness as I am the alien, not the blood relative here, “Who is my cousin?”
“Dirk.”
I nod with a sour frown. “O! That related cousin! Where is my wayward cousin? I wanna say howdy.”
“He is incapacitated.”
“Why is he incapacitated?”
“He is recovering.”
I gasp in shock. “What is my Cousin Dirk recovering from?”
“He is recovering from the Sickness.” She lies. Dirk has been through the Sickness process making him a very strong Tele Master against a stronger Tele Mistress. I sigh with danger.
I nod in silence acceptance of her lie then swiftly stand. She nods for good luck. I spin around and exit the penthouse suite, racing down the staircase, exiting the auditorium without entering the air limousine.
I execute a Tele dash towards the castle viewing a dark empty structure while wondering with curiosity and stepping over the rows of dead flowers. I halt at the side wall then look up, seeing the tenth-floor balcony platform, recognizing my zipper ship. I perform a Tele leap from the dead grass flying vertically in the air, landing on the balcony surface and reach out, patting my ship.
I dare not take any other citizen with me for security purposes. Anyways, after the young man died no one wants to volunteer for any mission again.
I quickly enter then engage the ship firing the three working afterburners of the old zipper, soaring through the blue atmosphere of Commerce. I sigh with deceit.
I always enjoy flying in cold black outer space with the cockpit heater on traveling through the Wall wearing a Tele bubble over my body. Then I switch on the air-conditioner unit as I become heated between my head and my boot toes. I sigh with silliness.
The Wall is a big natural barrier formation located in the middle of cold black outer space dividing the unknown universe into two solar systems. Each solar system has a bright yellow sun. The Wall is composed of constantly drifting rocks, asteroids, ice crystals, and space junk collected in groups. The space debris beautifully floats around space waves then magically attaches to the outer physical rectangular structure forever, making the phenomenon higher and wider than some of the planets inside the universe. This is the strangest type of physics that I have ever seen in science theory.
The best part, I do not use the man-made hole which had been designed, created, and built by the bots from Tech World. So, I create my own entrance through the Wall, especially if I am spying for my number two enemy Empress Rita. I sigh with victory.
The old dented space craft wiggles and then wobbles through the new natural hole of semi-glittering lights in the Wall, then emerging hotly on the other side. I spot asteroid Resort. The asteroid prettily fills my two eyeballs and my comlen screen in blue and pink ocean waters plus massive amounts of brown, black, red, and green landscape, after various air bombs and attacks from both Emperor Dirk and Empress Rita.
My overall brilliant military plan is to sabotage both the Resort secret base of Prince Rann and the Commerce command center of Empress Rita. I sigh with double victory.
“If you can’t join them, then sabotage them.” I fly down from the outer space waves and travel under the dark side of the asteroid Resort while electronically jamming both the comlen sensors and comfone satellites using a Tele tap of my telekinesis and the pretty cumulus clouds of light rain and loud thunderstorms.
I love thunderstorms also.


I mentally flashed backwards within the fourth alien timeline when Emperor Dirk had piloted a carrier ship through nasty hurricane winds, rain, and hail arriving on an island within Planet Bonita.

I had survived the terrible flight then died getting eaten by a fish cave worm.


Then I mentally flash back present within the seventh alien timeline. I land my zipper on the far side of a destroyed city, near the flowing pale tinted river and beside a lovely batch of tall green tinted blades and red tinted wildflowers, killing the engine, releasing the hatch door. I slide from the seat and stand on the grass, slowly twirling in a circle, extending all of my Tele talents towards the hidden base and face the western horizon. The day is sunny and heated without raindrops. My artificial thunderstorm has dissipated from the air waves disguising my arrival.
I perform a Tele run through the air standing three inches from the ground executing Tele leaps and jumps over the broken terrain, the damaged buildings, and broken pieces of rusty equipment pieces for three miles then halt. I execute a Tele drop gently descending to the ground landing on my knees and palms over the wet ground and around some broken rock tan boulders, busted indigo cement blocks, and overgrown green plants following a worn but poorly concealed walking path towards a gigantic rock which is a natural rock door that leads into a long underground cavern within a mountain.
“Rann goes to a lot trouble getting away from me!” I giggle and do not see a handle or knob or switch or doorbell. I don’t knock but gingerly touch the rock with my manicured pink-painted index finger feeling a cool, smooth and vibrating sensation. I sigh with victory.
“Open sesame,” I smile then giggle as I know that word phrase won’t work, but it was funny. I seriously desire Dirk. He always laughed at my funny Earth jokes and appreciated my witty Earth humor, especially within the last two alien timelines. “Where is Dirk within this new timeline?”
I exhale with annoyance and recall the code word mew is the sound of a purr cat. 
I lean down into the soil, stretch out and place my lips two inches from a brown tinted rock formation, “Mew,” I sing softly. The big brown rock boldly shifts to the side working at a hidden opening.
I perform a Tele leap from the ground and stand in the air dancing backwards from the rock. Numerous smaller, medium, and larger fake rock shift around the real boulder. Then a big chunk of a beige fake rock crunches against the real rocks and then grinds likes a set of gritted tooth enamel within my delicate eardrums. The rock slowly shivers like a dancer then pivots to the side revealing a hidden passageway between the curvy seams below a row of destroyed building that forms a natural but man-made cavern with rock and steel walls plus a rock, steel, and dirt floor.
A secret cave.
I scoot from the exposed archway, in case, of guards, sentries or bots. The cave is a secret. The military base is a secret. The mission is a secret but not for me. I sigh with contentment.
The rock opening lifts two feet up from the ground. I drop on my stomach then roll over the grass away from new opening. Scary. If this thing decides to close suddenly, then I’m dead. I sigh with danger.
I slowly crawl through the new hole feeling a cool, smooth stone floor with both of my naked hands then perform a Tele leap from the floor dancing into the side wall, hiding from the guards or sentries or bots.
I close my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
Surveying a large space area using my Tele probe of telepathy, I view rusty used and black-abused combinations of zippers, carriers, passenger, bots, equipment, tools, and other pieces of repair equipment, and hardware parts. Used and new equipment pieces line the natural rock walls, the floor, and the wall corners as far as my pair of Tele eyeballs can see. I spot a dressing station. I sigh with brilliance.
A disguise is a good idea. I’m a pretty trespasser and a smart spy. I descend then perform a bug crawl on my palms and kneecaps slowly wobbling towards the dressing room which is nicely hidden behind a wall of steel work cabinets and small work chrome desks.
In my bug hug pose, I quickly perform a Tele probe with my telepathy searching the interior dressing rooms.
No one is home! 
I stand like a lady and enter a wide rectangular room filled with rows of four feet high by four feet wide, indigo-colored personal worker lockers, which had been previously used by the casino and restaurant workers, before the war on Resort. Now, I understand.
The cavern space is fallen rooms which have been dug out for a hidden military base.
The lockers belong to Rann and his devoted staff of battle warriors now.
I pad to the first one and slam open the unlocked door seeing two uniforms. I steal one slipping a one-piece, indigo-tinted uniform over my pair of cute pink tinted walking shorts and my matching top then stuff a pair of oversized work boots over my pink tinted sneakers. I grab a long-handed silver wrench from the floor for decoration then spin around, padding back to the entranceway. I feel like a grease monkey. I sigh with disguise.
Exiting the dressing room, I slowly move ahead through the Maintenance Shop reaching out, scooping up a medium-sized hand of black grease and smear on the leg portion for authenticity. I sigh with work.
“You there!” A brave warrior notices Starra.
I slowly strut like a guy towards one of three new prototype zipper ships, stop, facing the new citizen. “Who me!” I do not smile as I’m a rough worker girl.
“You!” He points with a sneer.
“Me!” I repeat for my fun annoyance.
“You are…”
“New guy!” I nod with a smile. The supervisor guy thinks all masculine thoughts, even around a sexy female worker.
“Over here, New Guy!” He spins around and struts to a grounded ship.
“What am I working on?” I follow the large male then halt staring a messy floor of equipment parts, cables, and gadgets.
Three workers surround the grounded ship, stop working, and stare at Starra. The supervisor guy halts and waves his hand standing beside the zipper ship. “You will inspect this grounded zipper for any damaged parts starting at the nose cone, then each wing, then each afterburner, then the canopy, then cockpit instrumentation and then…”
My new plan isn’t working as planned.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine.
I slowly scan the area for danger. General Ivan waves both of his arms in the air and wears a wrinkled blue tinted military uniform standing on the eastern side wall while following a guy towards a second damaged zipper from last night’s raids defending asteroid Resort. I sigh with caution.
“I don’t think she can tell the difference between a screw and a hammer,” the short and muscular male battle mechanic stands and crosses his arms staring at Starra, wearing a head of shoulder length brown tinted hair, a pair of green eyes, a tone of dark skin and an indigo-tinted work jumpsuit. I sigh with revenge.
“Here! Catch!” A short and squat female battle mechanic tosses a heavy metal tool at Starra and wears a similar one-piece, indigo-tinted work jumpsuit.
I turn and catch the tool without breaking the pink-painted long fingernails on my cupped hand. I sigh with more revenge.
“I hope you don’t break a fingernail,” the female battle mechanic laughs then smiles, “We’re fixing the oxygen shear sensor on the manifold. Join us, if you dare!”
I examine with my two eyelashes and one Tele scan at the metallic brain cells on the undamaged ship. I’m a Tele Mistress, not a chief mechanic. I need to get busy and finish my original spy mission. I smile at the female battle mechanic, “I do believe using a 3/8 racket, instead of a two-inch wrench, would do a better job? Do you agree with me, miss?
She tosses the 3/8 racket at Starra and sneers, “Fix it, New Guy!”
I catch the weapon…. naw…. tool and set to work on adjusting the comlen sensors on the grounded zipper ship moving around the room with a new, greasy tool chest while fixing other things without a pair of spying eyeballs. After one hour, eighteen minutes, two glasses of water, and four gallons of sweat, I finish. “My work’s done here.” I softly giggle with my feat. I sigh with toil.
Communications is a wonderful technological marvel, since it controls air, water, ventilation, equipment, bots, buildings, ships, and almost every mechanical thing in the universe.
I love technology.
I squat beside the main console, where numerous flashing lights and beeping buttons annoy my hearing. I slowly stand and quickly scan the busy command center without seeing a pair of spying eyeballs on me, scooting from the dark wall, holding the tool chest. I have deactivated the Communication Master Control switch that controls on all the dead and live bots and robots within the entire universe like a vicious pretend ruler. Then no citizen, zipper or noble will be attacking any other citizen, zipper or noble for a very, very, long, long, time, time. I laugh and continue to pad around the busy center.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
I slowly execute a Tele probe with my telepathy looking for the danger sign as I’m the spy. A huddle of warriors in unmatching, slightly dirty one-piece jumpsuits form a circle around one person. I place the heavy tool chest down on the floor and advance to the battle party as I’m a spy.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine.
I mosey over to the party…naw…the pirate seeing my old friend Nat. He updates the group and shakes his blonde tinted bone skull at the leader of the rebels, “Rann, might I suggest you use one of the newer zippers for our upcoming invasion battle plan.”
“Each ship contains an ease dropping device. Your suggestion is a good idea, but it won’t help me now.” Rann scans the room of grounded ships and still possesses a head of curly black tinted hair, a pair of brown colored eyes, a tone of dark tinted tanned skin. He measures five feet and ten inches of tallness at 195 pounds of weight, flexing his arms muscles with disappointment. He wears an eight-pack of muscular abdomen without a shirt or arm sleeves on his slightly dirty white tinted sleeveless vest. A set of matching trousers are tucked down into a pair of scuffed non-polished black tinted knee-boots. I sigh with true love.
“Rita is going to access the tracking bot monitor on Tech World. She can quickly identify your ship and then take you prisoner even within the outer space waves.” He frowns.
“That’s the chance I take like with the rest of my crew.” Rann pats his gloved hand on the rooftop.
“At least, let me give you another officer’s zipper ship, then Rita will track that pilot, instead of you.”
“That is not acceptable to me. I am the leader of the rebel warriors. I’ll take the same risks as my warriors do.” Rann is the ruler of the universe, not Rita or Dirk. I sigh with true love.
Nat, Kia, and other shipmates join the battle warrior huddle for the heated discussion. “Your Highness, your life is more valuable than any one of us here.” Kia does not smile but states a fact wearing a gray tinted jumpsuit and a tone of pale skin, appearing like her father General Ivan with a tall and sexy, girly body. 
Well, I totally disagree with Kia’s remark, because my life is very valuable to me as a chicken shit first and a battle warrior never. I turn and see the grown children from the noble class including Mia, the daughter of Marquis Tok of Uni and his wife Marquise Lee and Tia, the daughter of dead mother Viscountess Somebody and her dead husband Viscount Lad.
Each grown child wears a dirty and different colored jumpsuit surrounding and supporting their leader Rann.
“I’ll take your ship, Rann. Then I’ll be the bait for our attack.” Nat nods.
Rann shakes his bone skull, “No thank you, Major! I have decided. I’m the leader. I’ll be the bait. So, each one must defend both the planet and me.” He easily laughs with the others. I giggle at his brave remark. The other pilots spin around and leave Rann and Ivan padding back to their personal zipper ship while prepping for a takeoff mission from the secret base.
I continue to stand and smile at Rann before exiting the natural but man-made cave.
My Tele senses ping. Everything is fine.
I jerk my curls and eyelashes back to one of the newly repaired zipper ships and realized something. I was supposed to place Rita’s stupid tracking equipment back into the engine frame. Well, that’s really hard when you don’t know how to do and then forgot to tell someone that you don’t know how to do. However, I am only sabotaging, not destroying here. I sigh with mistake.
I point at the ship and mumble out loud. “Uh!”
Ivan spins around and sneers at the unnamed mechanic. “Battle mechanic, do you have a problem?”
I continue to stare and point at the ship, “Well, I do have a problem, sir. And I might have a solution to Prince Rann’s ship problem too.”
“Spit it out, girl! We have battle to win.”
“Over there, on that zipper ship, I dumped out the tracking devise in that ship by accident...”
“What!” Ivan follows her greasy but manicured fingernail to the zipper.
“I was upgrading the sensor array. The piece of equipment over there, it was in my way. Bot scanned the part and informed me it wasn’t connected to any vital systems within my ship. So, I de-activated the piece and then dumped it down on the floor.” I continue to point with a stern face at the ship.
Rann gasps then grins following her manicured fingernail to a grounded zipper ship, “Are you telling me that the zipper ship does not possess tracking capacity by a Tech World bot, battle mechanic?”
I return and smile at Rann, but he only views the ship, “Yes, Your Highness, I thought I say that.” I am the spy, not the belle today. I sigh with duty.
Ivan smiles at the ship. “We will discuss this minor incident later, battle mechanic.”
“Battle mechanic, you have been promoted to the rank of major for your accidentally idea. Move my gear to that ship.” Rann slowly moves ahead and wears a grin.
He gasps in shock and watches the back spine on Rann, “Do you approve, Rann?”
He continues to the ship and nods with a smile, “After all, the act was unintentional, Ivan. Now, I have a spacecraft with no tracing capability. Rita couldn’t find me without using all her bot service fleet from Tech World. So, I’ll be very safe and sound inside that zipper.” Rann stops and inspects the ship for his own peace of mind.
Ivan moves ahead without acknowledging Starra while also inspecting the ship with Rann.
I calmly pad ahead in the opposite direction out of eyeball range from the other battle warriors and mechanics back into the dressing station observing the fast-paced battle action. I sigh with adventure.
The natural but man-made cave is wide and long in a circular shape of rock, steel, and black tinted dirt. The hidden entrance wall occupies the front of the room.
One side wall displays rows of machines with numerous blinking lights, soft beeps, and short levers. Sitting employees in a row monitor a lighted screen.
The opposite side wall possesses the machines for repairing and upgrading each flying zipper or carrier fighter.
In the middle of the room, zag-zing lines of parked spacecraft slowly roar into life holding one or more brave and devoted pilots for leader Rann.
The exposed speaker boxes in the corner of the room announce the battle plan. “Start your engines, pilots! Prepare for takeoff! Start your engines, pilots! Rann will lead out the entrance hole first. Prepare for takeoff! Each squadron will follow the designated exit flight plan starting with AA, BB, CC, DD….”
Inside the dressing room, I hear the words and quickly slip off the dirty, greasy jumpsuit, exposing my clean body and my pink tinted clothing, exiting the dressing room. I hug the wall of rock, dirt, and steel and slowly pad towards the entrance first before Rann.
“Prepare for takeoff in three, two, one, and launch! Launch all starships from the cave property.” Controller yells the order and as her words echo throughout the room.
On the side wall, I feel the warm sunshine and cool breezes flowing outdoors and slide from the cave entrance wall, squatting down among the piles of real and fake rock boulders while hiding my body. I continue to hear the battle plan and see the first outer spaceship that belongs to Rann. I sigh with true love.
“Launch all starships from the cave property.” Controller orders. The rest of the starships lift from the rock floor smoothly guiding out of the cave entrance in order, soaring in blue sky into cold, black outer space and follow behind Rann.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine.
I know the reason for the Tele flare as I am the cause, because I have plotted the plan. I lean against the rocks and cover my body getting my new clothes dirty. Each starship enters outer space waves. The pale blue sky on asteroid Resort is empty of machines, only rows of puffy white tinted clouds. 
However, Rann will be very surprised with my little hidden present. I sigh with surprise.
“Stay calm. This battle will be over in minutes,” Rann laughs inside his newly modified zipper ship as his words echo from each cave speaker outside for the birds and Starra. The other battle warrior voices interchange and then exchange on the personal comfone between the leader and the other ships anticipating new air strike attack on Tech World.
Inside the cavern, Controller yells in shock and monitors the comlens, “Stang!”
Ivan stands a few feet from the wall of comlens and monitor the battle plan, “Controller! What’s going on here? Talk to me, Controller!” He continues to scan each monitor without seeing a tiny green tinted blimp that represents a flying fighter which is led by Prince Rann.
“Gone!” She points at each comlen.
“What is gone, Controller!”
“I…I can’t explain it. The entire fleet of ships have disappeared from my comlen.” Controller continues to scan any empty comlen of static.
Ivan gasps in shock. “Has Rann been killed? Are the fleet of ships destroyed?”
“No, sir!” She presses buttons and shakes her curls with confusion.
He sneers with worry and angry, “Where did the fleet and Rann go, if they are not on the comlen screens, Controller?”
“If I venture a guess…”
Ivan slaps the collar bone on the controller, “Guess! I wanna your best guess, Controller.”
“The fleet is lost in space, sir!” She spins around and nods to Ivan.
“What is lost in space?”
“The fleet is not on any of the comlen screens, so they are lost in space.”
Ivan whispers, “Lost in space!” Then he shouts. “Lost in space! Everyone, get working and find Rann and his missing fleet of ships right now!” He reaches down and outlines his personal maser while growling in fury. The rest of the workers spin around and stare at the console without a working idea and a set of fearful thoughts.
Ivan continues to stand a few feet from the blinking console and outlines his maser shouting to the officer. “Major!”
 The female appears and stands beside Ivan. “Yes, General, I am here.”
“Find me that girl!” He sneers and stares at all the worker.
“Yes, sir!”
Ivan snarls, “And have my death squad standing by.”
“Death squad is standing by, sir,” She scoots from Ivan then dashes around the cave property searching for Starra, who had provided a non-tracking ship to Rann.

On the 14th hour of late afternoon, outside the rock entrance, I don’t have to whisper the sound mew to the cave door, since its wide open, because I’m squatting beside it. I perform a Tele leap from the rock pile then execute a Tele soar in the air, racing in the air currents first then implement a Tele land on top of the scattered grass blades. I swiftly execute a Tele sprint towards my zipper ship. I’m going home to my newly borrowed Bonita castle as a free wealthy citizen of the universe without problems or worries or duties. I feel the beauty of retirement hitting my pretty face. I sigh with joy.

Alien Day 133


Planet Commence location
Starra’s castle setting
Bright starry night at 55ºF
2nd hour (early, early morning)


I stir awake in my bed mattress from a passing thunderstorm rubbing the encrusted sleepy crumbs from each eye socket. Wake up!
I sub-consciously order my brain cells to jump start into high gear, while my eardrums hear loud rain dance with the associated loud thunder booms.
I flip the bed covers over my head but still hear the passing thunderstorm. This is my day off as I am no longer employed as a worker and I am a rich, retired, and sleepy witch. I roll over and feel the satin pillowcase. The time is too early in the morning as I and the solar sun are still asleep. I sigh with rest.

I mentally flashed backwards within the first and second alien timelines, when I had been attacked by unwelcomed attackers at my borrowed Bonita castle during a passing thunderstorm.

Then I mentally flash back present within the seventh alien timeline hearing a thunder boom from the dark storm clouds outside my bedroom window.
“Stang!” I open my eyelashes and yell in annoyance. I perform a Tele probe with my telepathy while searching my newly acquired castle. I purchased the castle yesterday with my own currs using a bank bot that accessed a dead Lord Dirk or a dead Emperor Dirk or a plain old dead Dirk dumping my acquired currs into his active curr account.
My Tele eardrums hear a set of the loud noises coming from each un-welcomed, un-invited guest, who is rumbling outside the first level glass windows beside the living room setting while tripping their big feet over the newly acquired green potted plants on the side patio. They are trying to enter the house. I sigh with annoyance.
I sit upright on the bed mattress and huff with annoyance, sliding off the linen sheets, entering the wardrobe closet. I quickly change into my new pink tinted sleeveless top with a row of front bows, a pair of matching walking shorts, and my set of high-heeled, three-inched summer sandals for my new guests.
I exit my room and calmly stroll down the staircase. I have plenty of time. The three attackers are now slipping through a jarred window. I halt then descend on my two naked palms and naked kneecaps performing a ladybug crawl over the clean floor, stopping behind my new cute pink and white floral tinted sofa. 
Yesterday, I had purchased and delivered the single furniture piece during the curr transaction with the bank bot arriving a few hours later at my house.
Right now, I hide and scan for a weapon on my body, executing a Tele scan with my telekinesis inside the kitchen setting that is still missing pots, pans, and dishes. I sigh with frustration.

I mentally flashed backwards, within the third alien timeline, when I had been arrested, sentenced, and imprisoned on Planet Sahara for lying to Prince Rann.

He also took possession of my assets inside the house including the kitchen sink.


I scan the kitchen for a second time finding the kitchen sink. I do need a kitchen sink. If I can eventually purchase a Wbot for my cooked meals, then I can eat, since I do eat. 
I had a delicious lunch meal at the auditorium yesterday which had been my last event with Rita using her currs, servants, and dishes for the last time.
The loud noises interrupt my daydreaming. I ponder a new weapon for my protection. I perform a Tele scan with my telepathy inside the rest of the closed closets, drawers, and cabinets throughout my new plain old expensive castle.
“Stang!” I whisper. I only see sets of cleaning supplies and implements keeping my place nice and neat for a surprise visit from Rann. He is nice and thoughtful. I sigh with true love.
Rann appeared very handsome standing in middle that a cave with his battle warriors on asteroid Resort. I got lucky finding the hidden cave. I really wanted to hug his body and kiss his sweet face, but he wasn’t paying any attention to me, only the stupid war. I sighed with bitterness.

Another War of the Worlds!

I recall from my childhood on Planet Earth that was a fake film movie, where aliens had attacked the world. The earthlings were not attacking those aliens as the aliens were attacking the earthlings. And the natives here have the nerve to call me an alien. I sigh with confusion.
The set of noises grow louder. The three attackers are still trying to climb through that same opening in the window seal. I should capture and torture the three uninvited guests into giving me their personal curr accounts. Then I can steal all of their monies. I sigh with brilliance.
The cleaning equipment is located on the bottom cabinet inside a storage closet as I am a great housekeeper…naw…a great Tele Mistress. I execute a Tele jerk using my telekinesis slowly swinging open the storage door in the hallway, elevating a dry mop, a stiff broom, and a tin bucket beside my leg. Then I impatiently wait with annoyance. I sigh with more annoyance.
I close my two gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I Tele see three tall males. But they can’t see me. Finally, I smell a stinky body fallen on a clean floor from the open window. He stands in a squat and scans the dark room for a sign of slow or fast movement within a quiet house. I sigh with anticipation.
The first attacker slowly stands then swiftly struts ahead passing behind the sofa. I stretch out and plant my foot in his walkway. He stupidly trips over my foot then nosily lands on a big, fat belly with a loud thump on the floor. I use both of my hands and nosily crack his rear bone skull with the metal wash bucket hearing a set of crunches.
The second attacker falls through the open window then swiftly stands without scanning the dark room, noticing his buddy on the floor. He stops and leans over the back spine on his buddy pondering puzzlement, scratching his forehead with his two dirty fingernails. I slap the broom handle into his unprotected stomach with a soft thud. He doubles over in pain and presents mouth drool bubbles from his parted lips. I slam the wash bucket down on his hard head hearing a set of loud crunches. The man lands on top of his buddy singing with array of more broken bones.
The third attacker is a smart-ass. I don’t hear any movement coming from the side window. I slowly easy my face above the backrest on my new sofa. He patiently waits and watches with intrigue still standing in front of the window. Both his tall height and his wide body blocks the moon beams from the full moon as the storm has moved down the city street. He wears an elephant-sized body frame while waiting for the house owner to react. I sigh with pleasure.
Finally, some real action, I can finish up my last task and go back to bed. Since my arrival time into the seventh alien timeline, my days and nights have been pretty dull and boring when compared to all of the troubling events from Dirk. I sigh with pride.
I perform a Tele leap up from the floor and execute a Tele soar over the backrest, paddling my two legs, sitting on my fanny in the wind while riding the wind like a bicycle. I aim for the male, who twirls a lead pipe then lifts his arm in the air, and finally stupidly charges at me. I reach out and perform a Tele grab at his forearm flinging his large body back through the open window. 
The male yells, “Ahh!”  He rolls backwards on his bone skull first then shows both of his boot soles in the air landing flat on his back spine with a soft thump. The nicely purchased flowerpots break with a set of loud crashes.
The lead pipe lands beside my sandal with a loud clang. “Don’t mess with a pro!” I laugh and survey my handy work. I have more trash to dispose and execute a Tele snatch with my telekinesis levitating the two unconscious bandits through the front door, dumping them down into the single garbage receptacle on the opposite side of the street, in front of my castle. I sigh with victory.
“Have a nice sleep, boys!” I yawn ugly without covering my lips dusting the pretend dirt from fluttering hands, spinning around and slam the front door. I slowly stroll through a semi-clean floor and climb the staircase yawning from sleep. I’m tired with too much work for the early morning day. I exit the steps, pace down the hallway, enter my room, flopping down on top of my bed while wearing my pink clothes and pink shoes. I fall sound asleep.

On the 9th hour of late morning, on a sunny day without clouds at 73ºF, I get up too late for my first task of the morning while not resting well, after a vigorous exercise last night.
I dress and stand on the broken planks of the front porch searching for a Pbot and an air limousine, since both are absent. I am not an encryptionist or a noble or a lady or a commoner or a pilot or a slave or an employee, because I am retired from the world force and lack a portal comfone. 
“Stang!” I can’t think of every single thing that I need in my life as my brain cells are only used to save Rann’s precious butthole. I sigh with true love.
I gracefully swirl in my new pair of pink tinted walking shorts towards the closed archway then stomp back inside, traveling the staircase to my bedroom. I slowly change my clothes as I need to go shopping using some the conned currs from Queen Rita.

Girls love to shop!

I wear a cute short, pink tinted sundress with a great big bow wrapped around my waistline, donning a pair of new four-inched pink sandals with a tiny bow on the side strap while tickling each pinky toe. A large pink tinted satin bow ties in my waist-length silver-tinted, dirty hair strands into a long ponytail. I apply a new application of pink-painted lipstick to soft flesh.
I stand in front of a full-length mirror looking adorable and wishing that Rann could see me, but he is too busy with the Civil War, that I am not a part of anymore with glee. My psyche-mind subject changes like a mechanic gear into thinking I like being a rich citizen with no work commitments to Dirk, Rita, or even Rann.
I exit the bedroom in my new pink garments which were gifts along with a bag of coins coming from Empress Rita. I sigh with joy.
I elegantly waltz on each summer sandals down the hallway, descend down each step, and gracefully glide across the wooden floor, since four-inches are pretty dang high while trying to pace more a few steps. I breathe lovingly in and out and decide that I will stroll like a princess to the royal castle today. I plan to tattle tale on the three rude nasty smelly creeps that attacked me this morning. Rita will be very upset too as she needs me for some more future assignments as the royal Encrypto Girl.
Rita and I are swell girl pals within the seventh alien timeline. I don’t really wanna be girl pals with her for too long, just for a little longer. I do need a friend, because Rann is not going to be my bestest friend within this new timeline. I had gotten him, and his fleet of ships lost in outer space or lost within outer space. I sigh with deceit.
Yesterday, inside the secret case disguised as a fake mechanic, I had re-programmed the entire fleet of communication switches accessing all the Sbots, rewiring the electronic signal to shut down all the bots and robots on each planet.
I slowly pace into a bright sunlight.
Rann and his warrior ships had planned to invade Tech World, capture all the bots, and continue this stupid Civil War. Right now, Rann is still drifting both silently and unhappily but safely somewhere within the reaches of dark cold outer space. Rann will be lost for another day. I promise. I am not going to harm the man that I love and plan to marry within the seventh alien timeline ending my wayward wandering waddling little body that is trapped within a new space and time continuum. I sigh with true love.
I will delay this stupid war, until I figure out a final plan stopping the fight and feud between Rann and Dirk…naw…Rann and Rita. I can’t find Dirk for some strange reason. So, I plan to do something wonderful before I become caught by Rann, Dirk or Rita and then hung by my pretty neck from a hangman’s gallows. I sigh with capture.
I slowly pad down the yellow tinted cobble stone avenue admiring a beautiful day, hearing the birds sing. A cool breeze blows across the tree leaves and the white fluffy clouds dance across the pale blue horizon. Overall, this is a pretty bright day and as I sightsee the natural and man-made objects on Planet Commerce, since I have stopped the Civil War. I sigh with confidence.

On the 10th hour at lunchtime, I arrive at the red tinted building, standing on top of the vanilla colored sidewalk within a hot sunny day. My inflamed nostrils, my blinking eyeballs, and my sensitive eardrums view the lack of flowing transports on top of the yellow cobblestone street, including no solar bikes or air ships or parade floats or air limos during a nice walk on a lovely new day.
 I princessly pace in a pair of three-inched summer sandals down a long curvy vanilla-painted sidewalk towards the royal castle. I have already passed the Castle of destroyed Planet Ice, a white monster and then the castle of damaged Planet Resort, an indigo palace while moving ahead beyond the castle of Planet Bio, a red tinted, square-shaped structure. I see the castle of man-made world Militia, a silver-tinted, rectangular-shaped building trucking towards the castle of Plant Agri, a green tinted pile of three-story wooden planks. My normal eyesight can view the castle of Planet Sahara, a golden triangle-shaped structure as the true gemstone shine like an array of individual glittering firecrackers in a bright sun. I slowly advance my pace into a steady cool hip swing towards my final destination, the royal castle, which is kissing millions of green tinted plant vines with purple flowers that are named something in which I can’t recall. I’m not really interested in discovering the flower and flora on the royal grounds owned by Empress Rita. There are no royal guards outside a double set of entrance doors at the royal castle either. I sighed with confusion.
So, I reach out and touch the door handle finding it stiff, twisting my wrist bone and find it locked. I release the door handle then back step from the doorway seeking a better view, seeing a pair of double purple-painted, neatly trimmed wooden doors. The double doors are closed, sealed, and shut. Then I perform a Tele probe with my telepathy like an invisible mind-ghost while checking out the interior walls and horizontal floors while finding the room are empty also. I sigh with annoyance.
I pirouette and then strut, not stroll, back to the same vanilla colored sidewalk as my left eyeball views a throng of gathered citizens outside of the red tinted building. The red tinted building holds an interior orange colored auditorium setting which is used for each royal announcement, including but not limited to weddings, deaths, dances, balls, and other social events in the past six alien timelines and within the seventh alien timeline. I sigh with excitement.
Today is Jubilation Day!
I have lost track of daily and nightly social events as I do not work for a single curr anymore. And I lose track of daily and nightly universal events while jumping between each alien timelines and discovering that new Empress Rita does things her way or the highway, buddy. I sigh with frustration.
I bounce into the shortest line of citizens, who softly chat and smile with their friendly neighbor. I must see Rita and finish my royal business and then spend the rest of the day shopping for all new stuff for my body and my house using my new curr account. I greet with a smile four different females sitting around my person within the surrounding lines. The taller and older mature female in front of my face is rude and ignores her social manners but I greet, “Hello!”
“Shh!” A visible unnamed female yells out loud without viewing Starra.
I lean over into her space and smile with delight. “Is this the start of Jubilation Day events? I hope that I am not late.”
“No.” She starts ahead at the hairy rear skull on the male in front of her face.
“This line is for…”
“…the empress….”
I slowly clap and grin, “Yeah, I’m in the right place.” I share with my new group of un-friendly citizen nodding my curls and bouncing on sandal toes readying to a quickie visit with Rita. I plan to rat-tattle on those bad guys and then slump my shoulder blades down into my stomach muscles, a very bad habit out of boredom. My Grandma Starbuck noted, noticed, and corrected my bad body position by popping her right hand on my spinal cord.
I hear a set of soft mumbles from other voices and watch a swarm of black tinted houseflies fight over a dead brown-tinted earthworm on top of the black dirt, then see a gray tinted squirrel fight with the red tinted flying bird over a second dead brown-tinted earth worm. I feel the hot sunrays shift from the eighth am hour into the ninth am then the tenth hour of mid-day which is the lunchtime meal as the galaxy is based on a twenty-hour day rotation.
My short line has shuffled forward by two steps, two paces, and two people. I sigh with annoyance.
I tap my sole on top of the hard-feeling, vanilla-tinted, concrete sidewalk and fold my arms wrinkling the cute dress bow on my sundress while whining out loud, “What’s going on up there?”
A visible un-named female speaks out loud without viewing Starra. “The empress…”
“…needs to see me. I have a real emergency,” I whine again and continue to stand in the short line staring at the front of the building, rising on my tippy toes and then peek-a-boo with a loud grunt over an array of colorful hairy skulls that stand before me. However, I’m too short to see the commotion on the front steps.
I land on heels and sway sideways then I execute a Tele lift using my telekinesis. I need to visit with Rita immediately this morning…this afternoon and tattle about my attackers and then I will go shopping for some new stuff with my new curr account. I need lots of new stuff for my new castle, such like, lots of bots for lots of the domestic work that I don’t plan to do. I need two starships, three comfones, four comlens, and tons of new furniture in the living room setting, each bedroom setting, and the dining room setting as well as a set of pretty eating dishes and cooking pots and pans for my food meals as a long mental list of other items pop into my active mind. I sigh with rush.
“Stang!” I softly whisper. I like using that special word when I am miffed, but I don’t really know the special meaning of that special word. I sigh with annoyance.
I leave my princess position within the vertical line of chatty citizens and rapidly pace through the manicured grass avoiding the sidewalk which is filled with citizens, coolers, and chairs, like a flipping tail gate party at the Game Stadium. I advance towards the front canopy of cool shade with three open doorways which is the only freaking entrance into the auditorium with Empress Rita. 
“Whoa!” I gasp and stop staring at three silver-tinted, six-foot tall Gbots plus four flesh and blood royal honor guards, that’s seven machines. Each machine holds a drawn maser in one hand and a body sword on the other hand guarding the entrance doors on the building and the interior lobby of the auditorium. I stare with terror at the unfriendly group. I sigh with doom.
“I guess that I go back and wait my turn.” I softly word then carefully back step in the soft grass moving far away from the seven armed and anger guards, swinging around and advance back to my princess spot within the same line of citizen. I halt and reach out, gingerly touching the red tinted short shirt sleeve of the unknown male, who stands in my precious princess spot.
“Hey!” The unnamed male looks down at her hand and mouth spits his salvia at Starra.
I swiftly tap backwards from the slime attack and frown. “What is the problem here, sir?” I stand a few inches from the male
He points down at his feet and sneers at Starra. “You’re trying to break into the line,” he thumbs back over his collar bone towards the end of the line and commands to Starra. “You must go to the back of the line and then wait for your turn seeing the Empress.”
I jab my finger down at his boot toes and proclaim my old princess spot, “I was standing right here, sir.” I point at the back spine on the visible unnamed female, who is unkind but smart. “You can ask her. I was standing behind her before I went to see the front of the building. Ask her that question, sir?”
The visible un-named female spins her face, not her body smirking at Starra, “You move. You lose.”
I gasp in shock and view each male then female as both of them laugh. I park my two folded fists on my fit waistline. “What!”
“If you move from your spot, then the next citizen takes it,” the female nods with a wicked smile. They both snigger and agree with each other.
I stand there and take it.
The male smiles with a set of yellow stained teeth, “You are trying to break into my spot here within the line of good citizens. Now, you move back to the end of this line, before I motion for one or more of the royal guards.” He waves his arm in the air and tries to get the attention of the tall Gbot. One of the Gbots catches his wavering hand gesture then starts to leave the frontline post.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
I gasp in alarm and advance down the long line of citizens, who lounge on the grass, in a chair while drinking beverages and eating food snacks. I sigh with defeat.
I gracefully whirl around and stand last in the line as I am not a noble. I can’t order the male or female to move or leave or die. I sigh with annoyance.
I continue to stand while other citizens come and park behind my back spine using my telepathy and count each sour face from my position to the front of the line. I reach the math number of thirty-five from my new princess position. I sigh with more fury.
I fold both of my hands underneath each sweaty armpit and ponder leaving and then coming back later within the bright heated day.
My Tele senses ping. No!
The vertical line of sour faced-citizens will become longer and the sunrays would become hotter. I don’t know when Rita ends the royal session for the day. The time is approaching the eleventh hour of the heated afternoon which is passed the lunchtime meal. The sunny heat, cool breeze, and heated temperature weather is getting hotter coming from the bright yellow sun. I sigh with hotness.
Each citizen possesses a cooler with colorful food items and cold sweaty beverages as each one sits in a chair, on the grass, inside the dead flower bed, or on the concrete sidewalk. I’m not properly prepared for this particular situation. I don’t have anything but my cute wrinkled pink tinted sundress with the rows of cute bows and my new pair of pink tinted sandals with cute bows and a big pink tinted hairbow in my long silver-tinted hair strands without a girly hat or a pair of cool sunglasses for blocking off the heated rays of hotness on my freckles. I sigh with infuriation.
And I haven’t eaten food this morning, well, I don’t have any food items to eat. I plan to go shopping, but my first plan is to meet and greet with Rita for a brief talk about some additional protection for her favored citizen. That’s me. 
Then I will leave Rita and her castle producing a nice supper picnic meal beside a newly acquired swimming pool which will be attached to my newly acquired castle, after my expensive shopping spree with my newly acquired currs. I’m getting a suntan now in the heated weather. I sigh with aggravation.
I plop down on top of the warm-feeling, vanilla-colored concrete sidewalk while waiting impatiently for my turn to see Rita. I press both of my palms into my face for several seconds until sweat balls form on my nose bridge then the lines shuffles ahead. I perform a Tele lift from the sidewalk and air-walk using my telekinesis for a few inches then halt in the air lowering back down to the hard concrete and wait for several minutes. After thirty minutes, I stand short of the shaded canopy without feeling the cool relief of the sunlight. I sigh with annoyance.
I produce sweat balls down from my forehead dropping down into each armpit soaking my sundress, dripping each wet ball down each naked leg towards each pink-painted bone toe. I smell the disgusting odor of my person along with the hundreds of sweating citizens within the hot sun. I sigh with irritation.

On the 13th hour of the heated afternoon, I stand inside the cool-feeling building. Rita is cheap chick providing no chairs or tables or bleacher seating. A fierce breeze of cool air-conditioning waves blows the hair roots on each citizen, who sit on the floor or leans into the wall with misery.
An array of food carts leans against three walls housing a royal guard for thievery and four royal guards surround Rita’s earlobes. My nostrils taste the good smelling food items that is exchanged for currs, which I don’t have. I possess currs without the aid of a new mini-bot for accessing my curr accounts that I do have. I sigh with confusion.
In the new seventh alien timeline, I am a very wealthy citizen on Planet Commerce. I had blackmailed Rita into placing forty million currs in a curr bot account for my greedy needs in exchange for the stopping the Galactic Civil War between Prince Rann and her. My plan and I were brilliant. I sigh with true love.
I cannot access my currs without a bot, so I need to buy a mini-bot first. I cannot buy a bot, without moving from this line of citizens. I need more protection from another attack tonight. And I cannot move from this line of citizens without the needed protection for my life tonight. Since, the burglars are after my millions of currs, which I possess, because I need protection next. I sigh with dizziness.
Rita can provide security for my person, once I see her ugly face. Well, she has a pretty face but an ugly heart, if the truth be told. Finally, I can see half of her pretty face within my princess position inside the shorter vertical line.
That is the prettiest sight within Commerce’s ancient history. Rita sits in a golden tinted throne chair wearing a pale blue long dress looking comfortable and fit. I sweat and smell like a plantation piglet. I sigh with annoyance.
The visible unnamed female talks to the visible unnamed male, “When did he die?”
“He died last week,” the male nods, “I cannot bury my father until Rita approves the death certificate.”
“The process is the same for everyone. Rita must stamp it, before the dead can be properly buried in their grave plot.”
I listen to the private chat and gasp in alarm. “Who are the dead?”
The female swing around and smiled at Starra. “This is the line for dead citizens, honey.”
I gasp in shock, “This is the line for dead citizens. I don’t understand…”
“The dead needs an approval stamp from Empress Rita to be official dead, before the dead can be official buried.”
I shake my sweaty curls and say with a frown, “But I’m here for an urgent matter about life, not death.”
The male frowns. “What life matters are you talking about, young miss?”
“You’re in the wrong line, honey,” the female laughs.
“What does that mean? I am in the wrong line.” I gasp in shock.
“What’s your problem, young miss?” The male inquires.
I slap my chest and nod with a stern face, “My life is the life matter. I was attacked at my home last night. So, I need body protection tonight.”
“Hmm! If you really need body protection, then you do not need to be within this line of citizens. This is the death line.” The female nods.
The male points to the side and nods to Starra, “You need to be standing over there in the third line of citizens for a life matter.”
I gasp in shock and view the third line which is far away from this line with numerous citizens, who stand or sit or curse at the heated day. “I must stand in the third line.” I repeat because I’m not dumb, just numb with sun and no fun. I sigh with annoyance.
“The third line for a life emergency. That’s the correct line for an emergency like yours, young miss,” the male drops his arm and views Starra.
I sigh in disappointment and slowly sidestep from the “Death Line” stomping over the manicured grass and grounded bodies, halting as the last citizen inside the “Life Line.” The third line is longer and hotter than the “Death Line.” I sigh with more annoyance.
I wait, wait, and wait as the comlen hits the fourth hour of late afternoon finally facing Rita, who does not wear a smile. I bounce up and down with a friendly smile as I possess good manner for wealthy noblette.
Rita says, “Starra, how nice to see you here? What can I do for you?”
I slap my chest and start my fairy tale, “I was attacked last night in my castle.”
She frowns. “O! That is very terrible news.”
I nod several times. “I need body protection.”
“I agree. You do indeed.” She nods her tiara at Starra.
“Can you provide me with security personnel?”
“No!”
“No?” I gasp.
She fakes a smile but sneers her words, “Starra, you are no longer in my service as a citizen.”
I frown. “O! I see and hear that now.”
“You had provided a valuable service to me and I had rewarded you very well I might add.” She continues her fake smile.
“O! I see and hear now.”
She nods. “I suggest using your newfound currs and hire a pair of security guards that can guard your new castle residence.”
I gasp in shock then twist my evil thoughts within my neurons viewing the new captain of her royal honor guard unit, nodding with a smile to the cute mature adult male. “How many currs for your personal guard service of protection to me?” I giggle with delight. The captain gasps in shock and stares at Starra.
Rita gasps in alarm and wiggled her hand near her sour frown. “Wait! Don’t hire one of my royal guards!”
“I require fifty thousand currs to protect your body, little princess girl,” he laughs.
She shouts out loud. “I…”
“…will triple the fifty thousand currs to one hundred and fifty thousand currs as my protection guard, Captain.” I nod with a smile to Rita, who gasps in shock then sneers at Starra.
“I accept the one hundred and fifty thousand currs as your protection, little princess girl,” he winks at Starra with his stupid flirt.
I view the wink and ignore the banter. I’m in love with my man Rann, but my man Rann isn’t here to protect my body, so I accept his wink and his warrior skills.
“Take me for one hundred and fifty thousand currs, too, little princess girl!” The other royal guard beside his buddy announces with a big surprise.
Good idea! I need twice the amount of protection for my body. I sigh with victory.
“All right! I’ll hire both of you for my body protection. Come along, guards!” I grin with a wicked smile at Rita, “Thanks for the great idea, Empress!” I spin around and leave the throne room with my twin protectors trailing behind my back spine. I sigh with brilliance.



One hour later…

Starra’s castle property
Living room setting
Red and yellow glowing sunset with 62ºF
15th hour (early evening)


I walk, not pace, around the empty square footage inside my living room setting measuring the dimensions of my new furniture pieces while smiling with happy giggles of delight.
After I and my two bodyguards left the castle property, I instructed my private security team to round up furniture pieces, food items, three service bots, four comlens, two comfones, and a single starship for my personal use and comfort.
After all, I am rich, free, and bored halting at the broken glass window, watching the grounded flock of red and blue colored birds catch live earthworms in the dirt. The flying group of squirrels scurry up and down a grove of tall shade trees further down in the yard of dirt, not manicured grass. The sun slowly sinks down into a dark horizon and then a carpet of bright twinkling stars covers the dark sky twinkling back through the shattered glass fusions on the dirty window to Starra. I sigh with boredom.
 The sun has disappeared and the moon glows in a romantic scene over my house on Planet Commerce. I think of one or two death acts on my newly, privately, hired two security guards. I sigh with trouble.
The concept of death occupies my mind but hunger pains echo inside my tummy from the lack of food. I don’t have access to my curr account to purchase anything including a food item without a mini-bot.
Back inside the living room, my regular eardrums hear a set of heavy footpads. I dash to the closed door and slam open the wood that drops down on the busted front porch hearing the low bong musical sound from the semi-working doorbell.
My paid twin bodyguards laugh with amusement and stand at attention in a wrinkled guard uniform with a sad face showing a set of empty hands. I sigh with fury.
“I don’t see any supplies.” I stand and block the entranceway wearing a stern face.
“Uh!” The formal captain stares at Starra.
“There is a back order of supply shipments.” The other guard stares at Starra.
“O! There’s a back order of supply shipment. Okay! That’s okay as long as I got my order in the new future shipments.” I nod with a smile.
“Okay!” The formal captain smiles and claps with happiness.
“How long until I see the back ordered supply shipment?”
“The back ordered supply shipment is six months.”
I gasp in worry, “I can’t get any supplies for six months. That means I want have a mini-bot for six months.”
“Your back ordered starship wait is one year.” The other guard smiles.
“Stang!” I frown.
The formal captain nods. “This is a problem for every citizen as the Civil War wages and the war supplies come before a private citizen.”
I gasp in shock. “But I…”
“But what?” He frowns.
“Stang!” I frown. Empress Rita has done it to me again. Well, I have my four awesome Tele talents. I can steal a mini-bot and a starship. I sigh with getting even with the empress.
“Uh!” He says.
“What!” I frown with annoyance.
“What about the curr payment for our services this afternoon?” He nods.
I nod several times and wave both of my arms in the air, “Yes, of course, you have performed great, valiant work for me today.”
“We must request half of the one hundred and fifty thousand curr wages for our current and future guard protection service to you.”
I gasp in shock then frown, “You request half of the one hundred and fifty thousand currs. May I ask why?” I sigh with stupidity.
“We must request half our future wages due to the continuous Civil War. We have to exist on our own merits without the aid of Empress Rita, Princess Starra.” He nods.
I slap my chest and nod several times, “Yes, of course, you must exist at home.” I don’t of course understand his illogical statement, but I do need their guard protection for the night, not the mini-bot or food items, in which, I can exist without until tomorrow morning also. I sigh with hungry.
“This Civil War produces terrible curr rates that increases the price tag on each piece of merchandise.” He nods.
I slap my dress and nod with a smile. “Okay.”
He frowns with concern, “Do you possess half of our future earned curr wages?”
I smile. “Yes, I do, gentlemen. But I don’t have a personal mini-bot accessing my personal curr account.” So, my personal security team will get paid when I receive my new mini-bot. I sigh with evil.

I mentally flashed backwards, within the six past alien timeline, when I had some type of noble connection for currs. Else I worked for my currs.

Then I mentally flash back present into the seventh alien timeline, I have currs but no electronic access capability into my curr account which is filled with forty million currs. I sigh with riches.
“Not a problem!” The formal captain smiles at Starra. “If you really have the currs to cover our future wages and the expensed expenses for the day, Starra.” I sigh with danger.
The other guard whips out his personal beaten up mini-bot near his stern face. “I have my personal mini-bot. So, you can work it and transfer all the request currs to me for my buddy too.” He grins
I continue to stand and gasp in shock. I should buy his personal mini-bot. Actually, I should knock my fist over his hard head and steal the machine using one of my awesome Tele talents. I sigh with deception.
I reach out and jerk his personal mini-bot from his hand, starting to type my secret password accessing my curr account, “How many currs covering your half of your future wages and the expenses for my back ordered shipments?” That sounds so strange. I sigh with confusion.
“The curr amount is one million currs,” he smiles.
I gasp in shock and view the formal captain, softly wording, “The expenses total one million currs.” I sigh with trouble.
“Each,” the other guard nods with a grin.
The formal captain slaps his chest and nods several times saying with a smile. “I had to pay on credit for all of your requested backup order of supplies consisting of service bots, a starship, a comlen and a comfone for you. Is that okay, Starra?”
I look down and type on the mini-bot transferring my curr into his personal curr account. “Yes, that’s okay.” I had blackmailed Rita for my currs. Now, her guards are blackmailing for my supplies, which I do not possess but most desperately need for the next set of tomorrows.
I tap out the math number of two million currs into his personal mini-bot and then press the send button. A green tinted electronic message appears and reads: Transmission Complete.
I flip his personal mini-bot in the air and perform a Tele catch using my telekinesis watching it fly alone and lonely.
He gasps in shock then grabs the mini-bot pulling the device into his chest, checking the curr transfers, saying with a smile to the comlens, “Thanks for your generosity, Princess Starra.”
He and his guard friend are lucky that I’m only in a bad mood, not a nasty one as he would not be grinning like a plantation rat, because he would be dead and not buried. I would have killed him with my bare hands leaving the dead body on top of the broken planks as a food snack for the hungry and vile squirrels and birds. I sigh with fury.

Calm down and count backwards from ten. Nine. Eight. Seven. Six. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Zero.

The other guard slowly back steps from the open archway and says with a smile, “Good night, Starra!”
I stomp ahead with a fake smile waving both of my arms in the air. “Are you gentlemen leaving me and my castle for the night?”
The formal captain fakes a yawn then nods with a stern face, “We are very tired from the late afternoon and early evening foot journey. We will see you bright and early tomorrow morning.” He slowly bows to Starra then stands upright, nodding with a smile. He and his buddy are a pair of former prison guards on Planet Sahara that enjoy imitating Prince Rann.
I gasp in alarm and drop my arms slapping my dress. “But…but I need protection for the evening hours.” I worry about my skull, my neurons, and my body.
The captain shakes his skull and smiles, “That’s not our standard working shift. We perform services during the early hours of the day and late afternoon, not for nighttime hours.”
I gasp in shock then sneer in fury. I have been duped, as well as, blackmailed. I say with a stern face and a head nod. “I see and hear now.” 
The newly hired bodyguards back step from the archway then soldierly pivots leaving the broken front porch of her dilapidated Bonita castle and Starra.
I am so careless and reckless with my new executive powers as I should have created an employment contract with those two guys, before I hired them to do my bidding.
I’m not a good enterprising business woman.

Hold the freaking comfone!

I am a very good successful business woman as a crop farmer at Starbuck Plantation, on Planet Earth, within the Milky Way Galaxy. I miss my real home, my real family, and my real Earth friends. I sigh with sadness.
Inside the open archway among the moonlight beams, I slowly back step from the front entranceway then slam the broken door shut that spit out more rusty nails, dust balls, and additional splintered wooden spikes, spinning around, padding towards the staircase. I’m tired, exhausted, and disappointed with my personal security arrangements.
I had spent the rest of the late afternoon and early evening hours cleaning up the mess from the burglar visitation last night, before I had gotten hoodwinked out of two million currs and my missing furniture and food supplies. I sigh with depression.
The broken window, the broken pots, and the cleaning implements had been scattered across the interior floor and the outside patio. I used my four Tele talents plus my conventional physical limbs including my hands, finger, arms, legs, kneecaps, and naked feet cleaning up the mess, right before my security team arrived at the broken front door.
I slowly exit the staircase and pad into my personal bedroom changing into a pair of pink tinted soft, silk nightly pajamas. I sigh with disappointment.
“Tomorrow is a new day,” I smile as I am a retired and rich citizen.
Tomorrow morning, I plan a trip to the vendor market purchasing breakfast meal and painting supplies for the living room setting in the color of pink hue, the new theme color for my new castle. I yawn ugly on my tired face and cuddle to my side inside my warm and cozy bed mattress. I sigh with pinkness.

Alien Day 134


Starra’s bedroom setting
Heavy rain at 100% precipitation with thunder and lightning bolts
2nd hour (early, early morning)

I blink eyelashes open then shut seeing the darkness of early hours, in the early dawn hearing the loud noise coming from a rainstorm. I roll over on my stomach and close my eyelashes.


I mentally flashed backwards, last night, I fought with my body parts during a thunderstorm and then I won.

Then I flashed backwards, within the second alien timeline, where I had lost and was kidnapped during a thunderstorm.


Then I mentally flash present within the seventh alien timeline and open my two eyelashes.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
“Stang!” I whisper and slide off the bed mattress, crawling over the floor as I am not fully restored to one hundred percent of my healthy self after fighting using my Tele talents last night then standing in the hot sun yesterday morning and cleaning inside of my house yesterday afternoon.
I’m a Tele Mistress, not a falling waterfall. I don’t keep going, and going, and going. I have to eat, sleep, rest, bath, poop, and practice maintaining my normal and abnormal senses at peak performance.
Yesterday, I had lounged in the hot sun for hours without food and water. Then I had insulted Rita, after I had confronted her for help, before I had stolen and hired two of her highly intelligent weasels which sucked my account dry by two million currs without a single piece of edible food. I had read the invoices while typing my secret account number into his borrowed mini-bot.
Then I had to clean my own big audacious mansion from the set of messy and sloppy attackers.
Tonight, I hope the robbers use their own masers, instead of their hands and feet, since I plan to steal one and kill him and then dead. I sigh with robbery.
On the floor, I halt then stand, placing a pink tinted silk blouse over my upper body with my pair of throbbing hands. My hands are very sore and stiff from performing too much manual labor, without the use of machines. I slowly close each tiny hard plastic button on a soft pink cotton top. My arms, legs, back, shoulders, and feet are aching with pain from standing on the hard ground, on the hard floor, and walking on the hard sidewalk for hours yesterday. I sigh with pain.
A bang sound echoes downstairs. The group of two robbers trot loudly through the living room setting then creep up the worn staircase. My pair of Tele eardrums can hear booted soles exiting the staircase jogging down the second level hallway. I sigh with toil.
I slowly spin around and limp my tired body inside the lavatory bolting bathroom door shut using my telekinesis, pulling a Tele bubble around my body and the door frame.
The three dummies find then murder my second level bedroom door with an individual hard club that echoes throughout the house. I feel streams of the warm air waves slam through the door then shove my body backwards towards the side wall. I sigh with sleep.
I need a new weapon as none of the robbers carries a maser for protection. I perform a Tele probe inside each bedroom seeing furniture pieces and ancient long curtain drapes. I execute a Tele scan down into the kitchen setting viewing the standard kitchen appliances. I can’t use the kitchen appliances as a weapon, since I need to eat, when I finally receive a service bot and items of food.


I mentally flashed backwards, within the first alien timeline, when a set of attackers attacked my person and destroyed my sofa. King Rex purchased a new sofa for the house.

Then I mentally flashed backwards, within the second alien timeline, when a new set of attackers attacked my person and my new sofa.


Then I mentally flash present within the seventh alien timeline and whisper. “No! No! No! I will not use my new sofa.” I performed a Tele probe and switch back onto the second floor finding an ancient day bed which is similar to a sofa. I execute a Tele pull with my telekinesis ripping thick parts of the old wood from the frame, performing a Tele lift on the two seat pillows and two back rests in the air. I aim and fire as four pieces of dirty cloth sail from the second bedroom, down the hallway, and tackle with silliness the four different robbers.
One hard body hits a closed door as the pillow smothers her face. She faints into darkness.
“Good night, sleep tight,” I whisper and continue to Tele view with my teleclairvoyance. I whack the second pillow over his hard skull until his body collapses down on the wooden hallway floor with a loud thud.
“Another one bites the dust!” I body count the action and shout at the door, “Leave already!”
I need more weapons. The air waves viciously change then echo with a series of loud banging sounds. The two conscious robbers are trying to bang the wood off the bedroom door weakening the strength on the door.
I perform a Tele rip on the day bed creating two long six feet by five feet wide stripes of soft foam matting from the bottom of the bed along with four hard wooden staves, measuring two feet long by four feet wide coming from the rest of the busted bottom frame. The weapons execute a Tele lift from the day bed then fly towards the two unwelcomed citizens. The cloth and wood clobbers each of my un-welcomed guest on their body parts. I laugh and continue to Tele view through my telepathy, “Take that, fool! Take this, foolish!” I feel cozy and safe inside the locked lavatory room, since no one is going to get through that door tonight.
I might be tired, but I am mighty miffed.
The loud noise stops. I quickly drop the homemade weapons down to the floor sounding with a series of loud booms. I hear beautifully a set of heavy foot pads descending down the steps as they leave my house running through a glass window making a loud crash.

Another broken window!

I cleaned the house last night. Today, I must clean up the new mess. I slam open the wood and truck back into the cold bed linens falling peacefully asleep again.

On the 7th hour of early morning, the sunny sky is filled with parted clouds and 75ºF air temperatures.
“What a freaking mess?” I am awake and stand on the staircase frowning at the dirty room.
The front door is wide open with another broken hinge on the bottom corner of the door frame. Puddles of dirty water and broken plant stems glisten beautifully across the dirty floor. Glass fragments are broken between the three windows, the floor, and on the side walls. I sigh with strangeness.
The new pink and white colored sofa furniture piece had been broken with scattered wooden parts and long strands of white stuffing decorating the rest of the living room setting as well as climbing like a snake up each wooden step. I sigh with more toil.
I immediately set to work on the new mess and slam open the storage closet seeing no supplies.
Yesterday, I had used some of the semi-clean bed linens cleaning up the water spill and all of the paper products for the green plant stains. And I do not have any food items either for nourishment. I sigh with annoyance.
I spin around and slowly climb each step with a dirty sole back to my personal bedroom changing into a new pink sundress with a large floppy hat that covers my pair of tired and blood-shot red tinted eyeballs. My pair of pink sneakers wrap nicely around each aching foot. I stare in the mirror looking pretty, except for the pair of anger, wolf-like two red tinted eyes from too much housework, a swollen jawbone from the heated sunburn, two sunken cheek bones from not eating any food. My naked legs and feet are swollen from standing on the hard sidewalk for hours in a pair of high-heeled painful summer sandals. I sigh with pain.
I need supplies to clean the house, so I decide to go to one of the vendor booths inside the auditorium. I saw them yesterday while waiting on Rita. I can purchase items for the house and my body like a plate of heated or cold food.
I will most definitely absolutely purchase food first.
I walk out the side and use the garage door exiting my grand mansion like a commoner, since I don’t own a bot or a bike or boat. I have applied a front door home-made fix which will not through the night, if I continue to open and then close the door on that busted hinge. I sigh with embarrassment.

Fifteen minutes later, I stroll over the soft manicured grass, not the hard sidewalk rushing by the Ice castle, the Bio castle, the Uni castle, and the royal castle entering the auditorium property then halt in front of the first food vendor, croaking the word. “Water.” My throat is dry and tight throat. I lean over the clean counter sweating on the surface without a pretty smile and a desperate eye stare at the refrigerator of water bottles.
“Thirty currs,” the vendor male smiles at Starra.
I croak, “Thirty currs! Do you possess a mini-bot for me to use?”
“No.”
“No!” I gasp then gag with air molecules, “I need a mini-bot to transfer my currs into your account.”
“No.”
“No!” I gasp then gag again. “I have the currs.”
“Then produce the currs for a purchasing a bottle of cold, sweaty water.”
“The currs are in my curr account. If you lend me your personal mini-bot, then I can access them.” I gag then cough with thirst.
“I don’t know. You might or might not have a curr account.” He frowns.
“What!”
“You are required to produce the currs or leave my vendor booth.” He sneers then motions to the posted guard on the side wall.
I slowly back step from the nasty vendor male and whisper for my eardrums, “Stang!” I sidestep to the next vendor booth receiving the same vile, vocal rejection. I shuffle down the wall asking the other vendors and receive the same answer. I sigh with defeat.
Each vendor requires the presentation of the golden triangles, not an invisible electronic curr from a personal mini-bot. I sigh with hunger.
I stumble to the side in my cute pair of sneakers, but I can’t eat pink sneakers, when my eyeball sees him.
Rann had been lost in cold, black outer space two days ago. Now, he is safety back home at his heart moon residence, which is still filled with mystery. In the seventh alien timeline, Rann doesn’t know that I exist as his girlfriend…. naw…his saboteur, who was hiding inside that secret cave. I sigh with deception.
I tango towards my two overpaid and underutilized bodyguards, standing around a food vendor cart. Each male is laughing, drinking, talking, and flirting with two cute mature females. I waddle from the lack of food wearing the floppy hat that covers my swollen sunburned facial features and snarl at the pair. Then I halt and smile sweetly whispering with a sexy voice to my two employees, “Hey, guys!” My throat is tight and dry. My tongue is thirsty; my stomach is growling. My taste buds salivate over his uneaten chicken sandwich. I love dead cooked chicken. I want dead cooked chicken. I hunger for dead cooked chicken. I sigh with food.
The former captain views Starra while playing with the hand on the pretty young girl, saying with a nod and a smile. “How are you doing, Princess Starra?”
I’m doing awful, terrible, and miserable. “Okay.” I croak out the word.
“That’s good to hear, Princess Starra!” The other guard winks and smiles at the cute female while touching his chicken parts.

What do you think I was going to describe?

“Morn,” I croak.
“It is a great morning, Princess Starra,” the former captain returns and smiles at the cute mature female pinching her leg as she dances sideways with giggles. I sigh with fury.
“Work,” I croak. I had paid my two security guards for their new day work yesterday. I stare at the male wondering if my telepathy still works on people. The other guard ignores Starra and continues to flirt with the cute girl. I sigh with anger.
He smiles at the girl, “O! We have retired from guard work.”
“Me!” I croak.
He continues to smile at the girl. “O! We were going to stop by this afternoon and tell you that stuff, Princess Starra.”
“Thanks!” I hiss then cough with anger.
“Since you’re here, I can officially tell you that stuff now. We quit as your two personal bodyguards,” he laughs with the girl.
I do not speak, move, or breathe for two seconds feeling furious, tired, hunger, and murderous. So, I go to prison jail, at least, I’ll get food and water. I sigh with revenge.
Then my mighty brain cells kick in. I croak, “Beverage.” I execute a Tele kick with my little suggestion using my telepathy into his fool’s brain cells.
He turns and smiles at Starra. “Since we’re retired due to your generous offer, maybe I can serve you this first and only time with the lunch meal.” He purchases a chicken sandwich with a large cold beverage paying the vendor with three golden shiny currs.
I should steal his…naw…my currs back then beat the shit of both of them behind the dark side on the nearest building, instead snatching the food. My hands cuddle the cold beverage and the warm sandwich into my body like my precious baby, swinging around, exiting the archway for home. “Thanks!” I hiss then cough out loud strolling away from the two wheezing weasels. I tear off the wrapping paper then consume half of the delicious sandwich in three bites, rewrapping the food, since I might need the sandwich later this evening or tomorrow morning. I sigh with fear.
I consume half the water bottle and slowly stroll to the furniture vendor booth purchasing a new front door and the associated door fixtures for the castle plus a single piece of hard candy from her vendor cart through her personal mini-bot. I wait for the confirmation of the furniture delivery within three working days. I might be alive by then.
The nice female vendor would not let me access more currs other than the full payment of the purchased merchandise and she didn’t carry food. The nice clerk informed me that each food vendors had food for sale. I sighed with worry.



Ten hours later….

17th hour (early evening)
Starra’s castle property location

Living room setting
Bright stars with parted clouds without rain at 61ºF

I had spent the rest of the daylight hours visiting each vendor booth and purchased house supplies and household items including furniture pieces, bed linens, bath towels, eating dishes, cooking pots, three service bots, three mini-bots, and one starship which was not on back order while borrowing the vendor’s mini-bot for the exact currs. I could not get golden currs or purchase food items as the food vendor required the currs or using your own mini-bot but I did steal food off the vendor counter eating some meals throughout the daylight hours. I stayed until the vendor booth closed down for the evening hours.
Now, I slowly stroll back to my mansion in the early evening. The sun is down; the moon is up. I finish woofing down the rest of the food snacks and a new bottle of warm water. This alien timeline is heater than hell. I feel disillusioned from lack of food and reach the front of my house forgetting about the broken front door. I sigh with aggravation.
I backtrack from the broken front door and enter the garage setting heading into the house seeing dark, feeling heat, experiencing loneliness. I fling each dirty sneaker down on the dirty floor. My feet ache and my stomach hurts, after eating the bags of greasy food snacks.
I had walked around the floor space within the auditorium setting asking to borrow a mini-bot for a bag of golden currs. No vendor cared to help. Worse of all, my feet have developed a set of raw patches from my tired body.
I desire sleep, eat, and rest. I halt at the side wall and flip on the light switch inside the kitchen setting. The room is till dark and scary. I frown then flip off the light switch. The room is till dark and scary. “Stang!” I yell in frustration. “Use your Tele power!” I moan within my weak thoughts


I mentally flashed backwards, within the second alien timeline, when I had arrived at the borrowed Bonita castle.

The house did not display electricity currents, so I lighted the entire house using my Tele talent of telemetabolics.


Then I mentally flash present, within the seventh alien timeline, closing my two eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I perform a Tele slap using one sore and tender palm releasing a small stream of heat from my telemetabolics on the side wall. I feel really tired with my limited set of Tele talents. Once I receive more food, more rest, and more help, I will become better. I sigh with annoyance.
My sore, tender and red tinted palm lounges on the side wall without producing electricity. “Stang!” I yell in angry. I stumble towards the electricity power box back inside the garage in the dark while tripping twice over my naked feet then slam into the side wall.
I slap the metal panel with my hand. The box shows no lighted indicators or working energy in each individual circuit. No indicator lights are malfunctioning. The indicators appear in black hue. So, the electricity circuits are dead. I perform a Tele touch on one circuit without getting electrified. However, I am not worried because I feel dead anyways.
My mind and body are tired, drained, and exhausted. If I got shocked with a string of heated electricity, then I won’t feel it until tomorrow or the day after that. I gurgle with laughter then clearing my tight throat. I sigh with survival.
The electricity is working, but there is no juice. I must have a major malfunction on the connecting power line on the street corner.
I stumble around in the dark tripping twice in the dirt, crossing the sidewalk, reaching a tall, silver-tinted metal transformation pole. I reach out and touch the pole with one palm executing a Tele tap with my telemetabolics. I feel the string of heated electricity humming through the power line into other home and business structures. I focus on the live electricity current on the pole following the flow using my tired mental mind, not my sore palm.
The electricity current stops before reaching the circuits in my electricity box inside my garage setting. The circuits are alive. I have confirmed that power theory. The transformer pole has electricity, but the electricity stops before it hits the circuits inside my power box. But the circuits are functioning properly inside the power box in my mansion. I sigh with total confusion.
I release the transformer pole then spin around, slowly walking back over the hard street, the hard dirt, and head into the dark garage setting, carefully strolling in the darkness into the living room setting and sit on the broken new sofa cushions.
I stare down at the floor. The electricity power is not flowing into the power line, because it has been removed. The power has not been removed but eliminated. I whisper. “Yes! Yes! Yes! The power has been turned off. The power has been stopped. That’s it. The power has been stopped to my house on purpose.” I nod with a sneer. “Sabotage!” A new set of attackers had used a new innovative method trying to get my millions of currs from me. I sigh with non-protection.
The electricity power flows from the Bot Control Station here on Planet Commerce, since a service bot controls everything, including the power, the poles, the lines, and the flow of electricity currents to and from each building structure. So, there must be a problem with the Bot Control Station that is affecting my electricity current into my house. I sigh with genius.
If I had a comfone, then I could call the Bot Control Station and complain about the lack of power. But I do not have a comfone. I sigh with annoyance.
I stand and walk to the broken glass window, compliments of the last set of attackers. I view my next-door neighbor. The Ice Castle possess brilliant lamps of electricity. The Bio castle has lighted lamps of power too. I spin around and return to the garage setting tripping twice over my naked feet without falling on the floor, staring out the open garage door. Each overhead lamp is lighted with electricity going down the yellow tinted cobblestone. I slowly cross the street and spin around viewing my Bonita castle, seeing no powered lights. My house is dark and all alone at the end of the city street. However, the other noble castles, the row of tall street lamps and the yard flood lights have streams of bright yellow-whitish electricity beams. Well, that blows my theory of a power problem at the local Bot Control Station. And the non-steering air molecules are sizzling producing a hot and heated night. I sigh with worry.
If I don’t have electricity currents inside my house, then I won’t have cold vented air molecules cooling down my tired, achy, sweaty body. I sigh with frustration.
Tomorrow morning, I am walking naked on my feet to the local Bot Control Station then scream, cry, and complain about with my non-noble but wealthy status as a private citizen. I sigh with disappointment.
I exhale then inhale the air molecules coughing out loud. I smell my stinky body. A cool refreshing flow of cold water over my tired body will relieve my minor problems for the night.
I cross the street and stumble through the garage floor and back into the dark house, carefully strolling up the staircase and enter my private lavatory. I quickly undress dropping the dirty clothes on the floor, leaning down, twisting the tub handle for cold water. The faucet does not produce cold water. I twist the knob handle in the opposite direction without hearing the water floor. I sigh with annoyance.
I am not hearing the rush of fresh water that does not make any sense.
I stand then stumble back into the bedroom pacing around the room while pondering my new dilemma with confusion. The water line lies on a different track from the electricity currents, so I should have water, even if it is ice cold water. The faucet is a manual device not an electric machine. The electricity power problem should not affect the water or heating equipment. The fresh drinking water pond lives in a basin ready for use and the pumps are a manual device also. I sigh with frustration.
I possess no electricity to see and no water to bath and a smell dirty and stinky body to breathe. I sigh with grim.
I stop and stare down at the lovely bedspread that invites me for sleep.
Forget it!
I plan to bathe all day tomorrow until my body turns pinkie and prunie while figuring out how to access the rest of my curr account, without waiting for six days for a mini-bot. I sigh with riches.
I can use my Tele talents but that is stealing. I have currs. I don’t need to steal merchandise or services, just receive a mini-bot. I drop down to the floor and cuddle on my side. I’m too tired to steal anything but sleep. I sigh with surrender.
I close my gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
“Stang!” I yell in angry and sit upright staring at the beams of moonlight on the dark floor. “I have no power, no water, and no bath, because of my currs. I didn’t pay the electricity and water invoices to the Bot Control Station for the transfer service for my acquired castle. Double stang!” shout in fury. I sigh with twice exasperation.
Look at the bright side, the Bot Control Station robot can access my curr account for payment then I will have water and power by tomorrow afternoon but no food. I sigh with triple exasperation.
I drop back down on the floor and sweat through the heated night, slowly resting instead of sleep. I sigh with annoyance.

Alien Day 135


Starra’s private bedroom location
2nd floor level

Bright stars without clouds.
Hot and heated air molecules at 87°F
3rd hour (early, early morning)


I awake feeling both hot and scared lying on the floor. A set of weird blue lights reflect off the window glass. Then a series of soft sounds echo downstairs.
I perform at Tele scan using my telepathy scanning the house. The home-made repaired front door is wide open exposing more heated air molecules. And the person is creeping up the staircase.
I freeze on the bedroom floor while pondering my new action consisting of running or hiding or surrendering. I will not surrender or run, so I decide to hide.
Great idea, Starra!
I place the pillow over my face when the attacker hits the closed door with a club producing a series of boom sounds. The bedroom door shakes first then vibrates second and then succumbs to wooden pain third. The door splits in three portions then falls down on the floor. The attacker flies into the bedroom targeting Starra using a metal weapon.
I perform a Tele lift from the floor and swing around kicking the first attacker with two pieces of wood from the broken door. The second attacker descends on Starra. I sigh with anger.
I execute a Tele jump high in the air at the height of three feet tapping the ceiling planks with my hair roots, leaning down, grabbing my two ankle bones. I twirl in an airborne somersault then unfold my body into a spread-eagle pose landing on the bed mattress, flying through the air and hit the second attacker. His body flings backwards through the open archway hitting the hallway wall, passing out into unconsciousness. Out for the count!
Well, the current math count is one human and one robot. I sigh with fear.
I drop to the floor and watch with a smile.
Attacker number three runs ahead then descends low aiming at Starra’s parted legs. I quickly sidestep and avoid the body collision. The tall female lands on her knees permanently sliding ahead and kissing the side wall goodnight.
Attacker number four flies at Starra. I perform a Tele lift then a backwards flip using my telekinesis, completing the half-circle, seeing her face, grabbing her neck muscles and throw his muscular body over my silver tinted hair roots. He nicely detaches from Starra speeding ahead, kissing the wall paint with a loud boom, resting down beside the female attacker. I sigh with victory.
However, my victory is short-lived.
Attacker number five is a big, dark, and tall bulky male compared to my petite weakened body frame. He is the leader and the smartest of the fools tossing an object down on the floor that stopped in front of her pink tinted toenails.
I gasp in shock and stare down at a silver tinted sword. This idea is not good for him, since now is the time giving this arrogant dude an Earth lesson from a nasty southern belle. I sigh with victory.
I exhale with exhaustion and wiggle my hand executing a Tele lift on the heavy weapon slapping both of my cupped palms around the jeweled hilt that shines through the bright moonlight beams exposing the ingrained jewels of emeralds, diamonds, sapphires and rubies, an elegant instrument of beauty and danger. I sigh with war trophy.
I stand with the sword at my chest and yell in a nasty timber at the dark male, “Do you want a fight, master?” My eyeballs adjust to the tall, dark body frame. Silence lingers in the air as he does not talk or steer or spit. Then the air wave shifts.
The male rushes ahead and leaps up from the floor charging at Starra waving his saber weapon sideways in the air. I stand in place and engage in the deadly fight. He drops down and slices his blade cutting her belly tissue through the silky pajamas. I gasp in pain and quickly back step feeling scary and heated liquid. My belly tissue is cut and bleeding out my red tinted blood proteins over my body, my clothes, and the floor. I sigh with pain.
I decide quickly and employ a retreat move, jumping backwards from his body and his blade while tossing my sword at the unnamed male. I’m too tired to play a second round. He can steal all my currs, once he jerks out his personal mini-bot.
I yell in self-defense without harming my body, “I surrender, man!” I’m at his mercy feeling too exhausted to fight. I sigh with fear.
“That is not an option here, woman!” He chuckles with the sound of evil music, since the male really wants to harm Starra.
I gasp in alarm and perform a Tele grab at my sword using my telekinesis. The sword flies into my two palms finishing the dang fight. I sigh with determination.
My sword shakes between my two cupped palms from both exhaustion and fear guarding my freckles. My heart races; my blood surges through all body veins. He performs a flawless jab at her collar bone. I move too slowly countering the maneuver, missing his sharp blade that cuts into my collar bone. I yell in pain and pour out more of my precious blood proteins over my body, my clothes, and the floor. I sigh with defeat.
I quickly back pedal from him while breathing hard and heavy and scared for my alien life. I’m going to die right here and right now from a stranger. So much for good luck with number seven, within the seventh alien timeline. I sigh with fate.
He twists his cupped hands on the saber holding the blade high in the air then drops the blade down her other collar bone. I miss the surprise interception of his thrust and become cut on my body for third time, bleeding out more of my precious blood proteins. I sigh with pain and defeat.
I quickly back away from him and hit the wall paint in the far dark corner within my private bedroom feeling throbbing pains on my two collar bones and fear within my mind. I softly whisper, “I give up. I surrender.”
He advances ahead while swinging the blade in the air and laughing with an evil tone. I slide down the wall and cuddle into a body while sobbing in fear and fright as dripping blood proteins soak the floor. I sigh with doom.
I’m too weak, tired, exhausted and upset. My Tele talents do not function when I am upset and scared. Yeah, that is a flaw in the paranormal metaphysical something. I can’t form a protective Tele bubble around my wound body.
He stops and stands a few feet from Starra still swinging the blade in the air and laughing with an evil tone.
My Tele talents are gone as I cannot defend my person anymore. I’m going to die right here and right now. I close both of my gray tinted eyelashes, feeling pain. I sigh with death.
“He states alive,” a second male voice loudly shouts and as he rushes inside the room and slams his fist into the back spine on the Starra’s attacker.
Starra’s attacker stumbles into the side wall sliding on his kneecaps and laughs out loud with his evil timber, rubbing his aching back muscles. “She still breathes. I wanted to teach her a lesson.”
Sweat and blood flow from my face and my body with throbbing pain. I breath in shallow layers as the pain penetrates my mind.

On the 5th hour of the morning, the unknown male moves ahead then squats down lifting Starra from the wall corner, toting her smelly and sweaty body. He exits her bedroom leaving her house, entering an air limousine that leaves Planet Commerce. Attacker number five is left with gathering his unconscious friends from Starra’s house and transporting them back home.



Six hours later…

11th hour (early afternoon)
Asteroid Resort location

Secret interrogation room setting
Pale blue sky with bright sunlight and no clouds at 81ºF

I snort with a long breath of air molecules then awake breathing in oxygen filling my twin lungs. The air is stale smelling. I open my two eyelashes viewing an indigo colored floor then twist my face to the side feeling intense pain. My left eyeball views an indigo tinted side wall as the brain jump starts into action. I sigh with thoughts.
However, my body hurts too much for action, only thinking very slowly. My brain cells realize the physical hotel features on damaged asteroid Resort. I tug one arms forward feeling tense pain an arm restraint. I’m tied sitting upright onto a straight-back wooden hard seat by my wrist and ankle bones feeling uncomfortable. I sigh with danger.
My eyeballs view downwards seeing my ripped and torn pink tinted silky pajamas. I wear bare feet without the honor of a pair of shoes. Numerous red-tinted, blood-stained bandages drape over my two hands, my two forearms, my two collar bones and one cheekbone while some of my blood had escaped down to the clean flooring. I sigh with intense danger.
I try to flex my arms, legs, and my jaw line to the side for fun as each eyeball blurs into a dizzy vision that means a head concession. Using telemetabolics, I slowly perform a Tele probe on each one of my body injuries finding a right broken arm, a left sprain ankle bone, and a right swollen and completely shut eyelid. My left eyeball works perfect, but my nose holes are caked with dried blood, itching. My left cheek is bruised and throbs in pain. So, I conclude that every human body part is working but slightly damaged in one format or another except for my short-term memory cells.
This is early morning of a new day as the bright sunrays bombard the clean floor within my new prison cell.
Late night, I was viciously attacked by a better swordsman than I and then I was injured and finally lost the battle. Well, that had been the first or the last time I will become injured or dead. I sighed with defeat.
Inside the chair, I fling my working eyeball to each wall seeing a row of windows behind my back spine and an entrance door in front of my face. The room is well-lighted that causes my eyeballs to blur into triple objects.
The entrance door slams open with a loud noise and reveals Prince Rann. I stare at him and feel anger. I am not in the mood to feel good while silently observing his princely behavior with my single working eyeball. He stops and stares at Starra while performing his Tele talent of telepathy on her visual body injuries. Well, I’m freakingly impressed.

Yeah, it’s a word. Look it up here in the unknown universe.

Rann is finally using his two Tele talents consisting of telepathy and telekinesis. He reaches out and gingerly touches her bruised cheekbone with his two finger pads while sounding with fury. “Stang! Who did this?”
The talented swordsman wears a tall, pale-tinted, slender body frame possessing a wrinkled blue-tinted guard uniform and a head of shoulder length hair stands moves into the room with a smile then stands a few feet behind Rann, “I did.”
I can see but cannot gasp in shock without igniting more pain within my body. I did not recall the talented swordsman this early morning. But I do recall him this early afternoon.
Kona is my buddy from the previous six alien timelines, who is skilled with a sword and sloppy in his appearance. Kona should pair up with Lord Dirk for the next battle fight with Starra. He had successfully attacked and beat the tar out of Starra this morning. I sigh with revenge against three foes now.
Rann whips out his personal maser pistol from his leg sheath and spins around discharging a green tinted burn at Kona’s kneecap. Kona yells in pain and stumbles backwards back through the archway landing on the hallway floor. I sigh with revenge.
I do not like Tom, since he beat me up. But Rann didn’t have to kill the kneecap which is a painful body part that causes a limp for the rest of your life. I sigh with danger.
“Remove that thing from my view right now!” Rann sneers and replaces the maser on his leg while staring at a sobbing and crying injured Kona, who holds his busted kneecap.
“Yes, sire,” a visible battle warrior obeys Rann then shuffles to Kona assisting the poor man upright and down the hallway.
Rann spins around and exhales with worry, retrieving his personal silver dagger from the interior pocket within his sleeveless vest. He bends on one kneecap touching her exposed leg, slicing through the cloth bonds around each one of her ankle bones. I grunt in pain. The fabric gently falls on the floor. He stands then reaches behind Starra cutting the other set of cloth binds around her waist bones. I grunt in pain and fall forwards into his arms.
Rann pulls her into his chest and turns his face shouting a new order. “Escort her to the infirmary now!”
I close my two eyelashes smelling his cologne of citrus and spice. An array of floating Bbots and human medical personnel invade my prison room. Rann lifts Starra from the floor and places her on top of the floating body stretcher bed. So, I am not going to die today. I sigh with pain.
On top of the soft bed lines, I feel a jolting motion of the air bed through the archway, a breeze of cool air in the hallway, and a warm touch on my arm coming from Rann.
He releases his warm touch on Starra and halts in the hallway watching the army of medical personnel tarry down the hallway with his prisoner. Rann stops beside Ivan.
Ivan stares at the floating air bed also. “You told them to restrain her, Rann.”
He snarls. “I ordered her to be restrained, not beaten.”
“You didn’t have to wound him.” Ivan frowns and pads with Rann.
He moves ahead down to the hallway for business arrangement with his new prisoner, “My only regret, I can’t kill him. I will not tolerate abuse especially regarding my direct orders.”
“I don’t understand, Rann. Why do you want her alive?”
He softly chuckles with a nod. “I become fascinated with a single person can neutralize a war from both sides.”
“I thought you were still angry about the ‘lost in space’ thing,” Ivan laughs.
“I am,” he softly says.
Ivan points down the hallway, where Starra has turned into a new avenue. “She is the root cause of you and your entire fleet squadron wandering two days and night in cold and black outer space waves within the far reaches of the galaxy.” He slaps his trousers.
He smiles, “Yes, she is at that. I wanna find out how she accomplished that task and more. That’s why I want her restrained and alive, not damaged and harmed.”
“Kona was one of the numerous starship pilots that was lost in space with you. He only wanted payback along with the other warriors.”
“Well, based on my understanding, she beat up four of my five warriors into an unconscious state of mind and body. That intrigues me also. And Kona was given a direct order that he did not follow. He’s a lucky duck today. I wanted to murder his body instead of busting his kneecap.”
Ivan laughs. “Where did you pick up that expression? He is a lucky duck.”
He laughs. “I don’t know. I must have heard it somewhere from someone.”
Ivan nods. “So, what is going to happen when she does not cooperate with her secrets or with her will to Rann?”
They halt on top of a new avenue and stand at the archway of the medical ward floor. The ward presents in patches of indigo old patient and new patches of light green patient on each wall. Each wall hugs a tan colored floating medical bed with or without a medical patient and surrounded by black or gray tinted medical monitors and individual pieces of medical equipment.
Rann views the Starra’s floating medical bed at the rear wall shouting to the lead medical robot that monitors its newest medical patient. “Bbot…”
The medical robot flews backwards from Starra and then stands beside Rann. Rann turns and glances at the robot then views Ivan. “Has anyone or anything tried to remove the bloody hand-print from this bot?”
“Yes, and yes, and yes, it’s a joke on you, Rann!” Ivan laughs. “The handprint is not human blood proteins, but red paint,” he chuckles.
Rann exhales with annoyance regarding some of his creative and mischievous warriors. “Bbot, report to me immediately the conclusion of your health assessment on my prisoner. And Ivan, her cooperation is my problem.” He back steps and then spins around, moving back down the new avenue for his workday. Ivan stands and smiles at the robot with amusement.
“Yes, sire.” The lead Bbot drones in a baritone hum and floats forward back to Starra slowly descending and taps down on the hard floor.

Alien Day 136


Medical ward location
Pale blue with sunlight and no clouds at 78ºF
9th hour (late morning)


I awake seeing a row of bright lamps on the ceiling tiles then close my two eyelashes from the sight.
“Good morning! How is my patient doing here?” The lead Bbot hovers over Starra.
“Food.” I softly croak then clear my dry throat. A second Bbot appeared and provides a long tray of hot sizzling and cold steaming food items. I cram food items without chewing down my throat into my growling stomach and gulp three tumbles of juice wetting my dry tongue feeling the cold sensation traveling all the way down my esophagus. I sigh with satisfaction.
Once the food hits my stomach lining then clumps into numerous fats, proteins, sugars, and starchy enzymes that slowly breaks down into the nourishing minerals, vitamins, and nutrients for my starving body, I will become strong in both mind and body.
Beware all!
I’m not planning to be a hostage, in this new alien timeline. I view General Ivan. He stands on the side wall in-between two hospital medical beds hitting his cheekbone on mounted medical equipment pieces not talking, not ordering, but watching Starra.
The lead Bbot starts the medical examination and points a wiry finger at Starra’s forearm, “Please, move your arm upwards for my medical examination.” I slowly lift my arm up towards the ceiling tiles without pain while eating more food items and wiggle my fingers for fun. The robot drones in a baritone timber while recording the patient action within its memory banks, “Good! Please, bend your elbow bone outwards.” I bend my elbow and rotate the bone sideways from my healed collar bone without pain while chewing the food. The robot records. “Good. Please rotate your forearm in the circle.” I twist my forearm back and forth.
The robot comments. “Good. Please drop your arm and move your ankle bone.” I continue to eat with both hands and lift my leg and wiggle the ankle bone without pain. It states. “Good.” Bbot releases a blue light and scans each one of her eye sockets and each eyeball with the painless medical instrument. “Your body swelling is gone. All your nasty bloody cuts are healed. Your eyeballs are clear and not blurry, without a head concession. Each one of your broken bones fragment is mended into a solid bone. You are in very good health, Starra.”
Last night, I awakened in pain then applied a Tele healing using my telemetabolics to my wounded body while healed during my deep slumber without the aid of man or machine. So, this morning, I am in perfect form. I sigh with happiness.
Bbot points its wiry hand at the side wall, “I will dismiss you as my patient. So, you can leave the medical ward and can change your hospital gown into your garments on the side wall inside one of the dressing rooms.” The robot flies backwards from Starra then smoothly flips around in the air currents facing General Ivan. Ivan does the talking; the bot listens and shows its belly monitor with the movement of Starra.
On top of the medical bed, I slowly slide off the mattress, wearing a dirty face and an indigo colored long hospital gown that covers my body, slowly padding to the side wall. Hbot guards a wall of open dressing rooms and motions Starra to the end door. I veer to the door and enter the room seeing a pink tinted halter dress with a row of matching bows around the waistline and a pair of three-inched matching summer heeled sandals on the floor that has been robbed from my personal wardrobe closet at my newly acquired noble castle this morning. I sigh with cuteness.
I slam the door with laughter and slowly dress washing off the non-permanent food stains from my brunch or breakfast or lunch meal on my colorful body parts, slapping open the door, staring at four guards. The quarter guards attack…naw…approach Starra. I sigh with awesome danger.
“Please come this way, madam,” the lead guard of the four female guards does not smile but smirk at Rann’s cute prisoner then spins around with the group.
I frown with annoyance but remain silent for my body benefit slowly tapping into the middle spot of a literally square guard formation. The lead guard starts slowly marching along with the others following her big asset. I sigh with frustration.
She leads from the medical ward down the seam avenue then turns the wall corner, heading down a new avenue stopping at the fifth door on the left side of the hallway. She opens the door without words but words a smile.
I slowly enter with a bright smile of glee into an ancient interrogation room of indigo colored walls with some white tinted patches of dry patient, missing a glass window of bright sunlight but a row of bright lamps on the ceiling tiles, each serious battle warrior stands around the colorful patched wall and wears a wrinkled, dirty yellow tinted guard uniform with a wrinkled golden sash that clashes with the outfit. The ugly sash houses a personal maser pistol, a long sword, a short dagger, and two blade darts that can willingly be used on any escaping prisoner. I sigh with glee.

Here we go again!

I must think about escaping soonest for two reasons: 1) no one knows that I have been kidnapped and 2) no one cares including a nasty Empress Rita, a misplaced Emperor Dirk and an anger Prince Rann. So, I’m truly alone within the seventh alien timeline. But I have the advantage and hold a curr accounts, so I plan to run and hide someplace else but here with Rann and Ivan. I sigh with escape.
General Ivan sit in the middle of an empty room with a wooden floor and surrounded by his tried warriors wearing a wrinkled blue tinted military uniform without medals, a balding head of missing hairs stands, a tone of pale skin, and a pot of belly of too much beer and chips. And he quickly moved from the medical ward and appeared here waiting on her. He slowly stands with an evil laugh and scoots sideways, pointing down at the straight-back, hard seat wooden chair.
I shake my long dirty hair stands and fake a smile at the open archway as I am ready for a fight or feign padding to the chair with a girly princess attitude. I sigh with confidence.
I spin around and sit down observing each warrior face like I am going to seek revenge after my escape, but I will not. I sigh with arrogance.
Ivan slowly pads around the hard chair and studies Starra.
I lean back into the hard frame with a smile and perform a Tele probe using my telepathy while easily reading his open brain waves, cupping my hands down into my lap and cross my ankle bones like a southern belle. I do not stare at Ivan but view the closed door of my new prisoner interrogation room. I go first with the prisoner conversation. I sigh with delight.
How about a mind game? I link, connect, and Tele talk from my psychic mind into Ivan ’s open mind.
“How about a mind game?” Ivan continues to pad around her chair and then repeats the strange mental thought as Starra’s thoughts swiftly invade his weak brain cells.
I do not giggle but fake a smile staring at the door. I don’t want Ivan or another battle warrior figuring out my playful and useless Tele talent, because each native here in this galaxy is a hidden or exposed Tele student too. I sigh with confusion.
I wanna know about the hidden base. I continue to Tele talk to Ivan.
“I want to know about the hidden base.” He repeats and continues to pad around Starra while his warriors watch for trouble.
I wanna know the location, capacity, and communications links.
“I wanna know the location, capacity, and communications links.”
I wanna know volumes of maser weapons.
“I wanna know volumes of maser weapons.”
I want you to take me to Rann.
“I want you to take me to Rann.” He repeats.
I pick my nose. Ivan picks his nose. I laugh out loud with some of the smarter battle warriors.
The door flies and reveals Ambassador Ty of Planet Agri, rushing inside the room, wearing a sour frown then halts in front of Starra. He must be unhappy about all the air raids on Asteroid Resort.
I stare with a grin at Ty as he blocks the view of the closed door still sitting in the chair without greeting him like a noble royal.
I am interrogating your officer, Ty.” I link, connect, and Tele talk to Ivan.
“I am interrogating your officer, Ty.” Ivan encircles the hard chair for the third time and smiles down at Starra. Ty gasps in alarm and draws back his folded fist aiming to punch Starra. Ivan body slams into a shorter Ty then cuddles his fellow nobleman while gasping in shock at the collision. Ty hugs Ivan but stares with a stern face down at Starra.
That’s not very nice, Ty. I link, connect, and Tele talk from my psychic mind into Ty’s open brain cell while wearing a grin of satisfaction.
His two eyelids smash up into his blonde tinted eyebrows as Ty hears her warm reply inside his mind, slowly backwards from Starra, cuddling Ivan. Then Ty slams into two of the battle warriors as the four hug each other on the entrance wall with some white tinted patches.
I sit, smile, and stare at his handsome face on Ty.

I mentally flashed backwards, within the fourth alien timeline, when Ty finally revealed his Tele talent of Telekinesis, which is the ability to lift objects without a hand or a machine, but he could not read an open mind without moving his lips.

Then I mentally flash present within the seventh alien timeline hearing the door slap the door.
Rann rushes into the room wearing a sour frown and stops in front of Starra.
I perform a Tele read on his open mind. I link, connect, and Tele talk to Ty again: What in the hell is going on here, Ty?
“What in the hell is going on here, Ty?” Ty repeats the attacking mental words then gasps in alarm, pulling away from Ivan and the two battle warriors standing beside Rann, staring down at Starra.
“What in the hell is going on here, Ty?” Rann speaks then gasps in alarm turning to see Ty then returns studying Starra. He quickly preforms a Tele probe on her open mind using his innate talent of telepathy without his knowledge but skill.
I gasp in alarm and feel a light mind probe penetrating my brain cells, quickly setting up a Tele shield while protecting my private body parts and then I smile.
He smiles and mind-bumps into her Tele bubble and then gasps in alarm studying Starra in silence.
The door swings open again and reveal Marquis Tok. He enters the room and stands beside Rann, staring down at Starra in silence. Ivan overcomes his headache and joins the line of nobles standing beside Ty looking at Starra in silence too.
I had quickly read Rann’s mind while learning new information before he involuntarily formed a Tele bubble protecting his mental parts. Now, I can use him and it. “Fake,” I softly whisper for the pair of Tele eardrums on Prince Rann only.
He gasps in shock then whispers back to her Tele eardrums. “How do you know that word?”
“Telepathy.” I whisper back and cross my legs leaning into the chair rest as my short dress shortens too way up over my kneecaps.
He frowns, “Telepathy?”
Ivan points in fury at Starra. “She’s a witch! Kill her! She knows too much, Rann.” I sigh with danger.
“She is something evil. I agree with Ivan. Kill her! She will learn to much and use it against us, Rann,” Ty sneers at Starra.
Tok points down at Starra with a growl. “She is named the Ice Princess.”
I am Starra. Rita is the Ice Princess. I sigh with wrong title.
“She kills every person and every object.” Ty continues to point and snarls at her.
I’ve not harmed an Agri fly in this timeline. I sigh with balance.
“She destroyed a metal six-foot Gbot with her bare hands.” Ivan growls.
O! That was the first attacker, a metal Gbot robot, that attacked me inside my private second level bedroom. I sigh with destruction.
“Rann, she is not affected by our medical drugs.” Ty says.
That’s right, buddy! I don’t use medicines even for a slight headache, instead I use my Tele talent of telemetabolics for healing my achy body parts. I sigh with healthy.
“What!” Rann views Ty.
“We are trying you the truth, Rann. She is pure evil.” Tok says to Starra.
Look, guys! You are confusing me with the true evil girl, who is Empress Rita. She is a pure evil thing along with her boyfriend-buddy-partner named Emperor Dirk, who has been missing since the first day of the seventh alien timeline. I sigh with mystery.
Also, I’m short. She’s tall. I’m pretty. She’s ugly. I’m nice. She’s nasty. I sigh with annoyance.
“Rita has accomplished what Dirk could not do, a breakthrough in medical human conditioning, not only the mind but the body, which is her.” Ivan continues to jab a fat finger pad at Starra.
“And she possesses all four Tele powers.” Ty states.
Well, that statement is true and not good for my healthy body. Lord Dirk is not dead but a rat-tattler. And I cannot seem to find his smelly body anyway in the seventh timeline. I sigh with curiosity.
“This is all fascinating to me,” Rann views Starra and whispers his words that carries into her eardrums while smiling at Starra.
“You are the Traitor of the Galaxy,” Ivan announces to all eardrums.
“This is my decision. And my decision comes alone on how to handle her,” Rann sneers at the nobles, since he is the highest, richest, and handsomest noble of them all as the true love of Starra. She continues to smile at him.
“She exposed our base.” Ty huffs with annoyance.
Rann stands upright with a smile, “Our base is safe or what’s left of it.” He laughs along with the other nobles then whips his palm near his sour frown. The laughter ceases immediately then silence lingers in the air waves. He growls at the girl, who has caused so much trouble for him and his nobles, “I should kill you, Starra.” I sigh with mystery.
“Allow me to do that death honor, Rann.” Ivan stomps forward a with a loud sneer and shoves Rann backwards whipping out his maser pistol without aiming at Starra.
Rann moves beside Ivan and grins down at Starra. “No, Ivan! I would very much like to continue the innocent swordplay with you, but I have a war to run. Thus, the interrogation has concluded.”
Ty points at Starra, “Blindfold her!” A set of two warriors appear in front of Starra. One holds a black tinted cloth in one hand then covers her eyeballs. My last visual image is Rann, who smiles at me. I sigh with intrigue.
I am blindfolded from sight but not bound at my wrist or ankle bones with a set of rough ropes. I slowly stand from the chair and feel the hand on my forearm. The battle warrior does not touch my hand but carefully guides me over the wooden floor, then down a tile hallway towards the starship repair maintenance shop. I smell oil, gasoline fumes, and thick raw liquids that spill from ship engines used for outer space vehicles.
I halt. Then a cupped hand slaps my collar bone slowly bending my two kneecaps, folding my upper body, sliding down into a smooth leather bench seat on a carrier starship, which can hold four persons and six pieces of luggage. I wiggle sideways getting comfortable for the ride into outer space to a new secret location. Rann slides beside Starra on the same bench. I bump into his elbow and smell his fragrance and feel his heat. I sigh with true love.
Pbot flies the carrier ship smoothly gliding off the soil, soaring a short distance in the air waves, then carefully lands the ship with a gently tap. The rear door swishes upright. I feel warm humid air currents bombard my face and body.
Rann wiggles around then slides off the bench then leans inside, grabbing her forearm.
I slide over then stand on top of a hard surface without seeing the new location but smelling new odors, feeling the heated sunlight on my body and my two blinded eye sockets.
He wraps his hand around her elbow tugging Starra ahead moving towards a tall structure.
The ray of heated and bright sunlight disappears from my blinded eyeballs. The air temperature is very cold on my exposed skin tissue. The interior room inside the new mysterious building is very quiet even using my Tele eardrums. Rann stops with Starra then gently removes her blindfold.
I see a tall, long, and wide painted indigo colored auditorium room that could easily hold 200 citizens. I sigh with confusion.
“Would you care for a tour of my city?” He shuffles ahead then stops spinning around, thumbing back over his collar bone, nodding with a smile.
“What city?” I scan an empty room with puzzlement.
Rann motions with a smile. She pads beside him. He cuddles Starra and slowly glides across a hard floor which is not an auditorium but a huge dancing hall, without dancers.
No. This is not a huge dancing hall but a smaller Game stadium without the metal bleachers. On each side wall, a row of booths displays retail shops featuring food items, shoes, clothes, bots, gems, and other pieces of merchandise. A new very loud rock and roll musical song invades the large room then a set of faint human voices, then a set of roaring starship engines, and then a set of squeaking sounds.
I slowly move ahead towards a ground beaten up silver-tinted zipper ship then stop, reaching out, touching the steel, not feeling a sensation of metal. The metal is missing; the engine is not running, but I hear roaring engine sounds of a running zipper ship. I cautiously shuffle away from the zipper ship then advance to the closed door on a food grocery store, reaching out, touching the door. The door is comprised of soft, indigo colored cardboard materials. I sigh with interest.
“Fake.” I announce to every pair of eardrums. I sigh with answer.
“I cannot believe you figured this out. You’re correct and very smart and very other things, Starra,” Rann tromps beside Starra then grabs her hand, swiftly dragging her towards a new object. An air-borne bot is not metal but composed of slick silver-tinted shiny paper.
Now, I understand the large room which represents fakeness including an array of fake starships, fake musical songs, fake merchandise shops, fake food items, fake bots, fake voice, and fake upright life-sized bodies. I reach out and touch a life-sized photograph of a male, who is made of colored paper. “I understand. This is your fake city.” I sigh with brilliance.
“That’s one of my more brilliant military guys, who is named Paper Dan,” he chuckles and pulls Starra into his naked chest. I gladly step into his armpit and sniff his manly cologne of citrus and spices that tickle my nose.
He smiles, “There are no lost lives or bots or equipment or buildings or ships or comlens or comfones, only the fake cardboard materials which become toasted burnt black piles of ashes during each an air attack from nasty Rita,” Rann chuckles with the other nobles in the party.
“A loss for us on paper,” Ivan laughs along with the other nobles standing in a row behind Rann and Starra viewing the enclosed space of fakeness.
I nod with a smile. “I get it. Your fake city is constructed entirely of paper and paper products. The loss is the cost of buying products on paper from real paper.” I sigh with funny.
“Rann is brilliant, since he has constructed from paper a fake military base spreading over five miles on top of a dirt terrain, here on asteroid Resort. You’re visiting only one of ten cities made of parched wood.” Ty states.
Rann and Starra start moving ahead. He points to more fake objects. “There are fake weapons, communication signals, and of course, a tea time presentation for the ladies.” I sigh with true love.
“The formation of this fake military base appears as a working and functioning entity complete with recorded voices, mechanical sounds, and human figures. This is very clever, Rann.” I halt with a gasp.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
Rann continues to pad ahead then spins around with a worried brow while viewing Starra, “What’s wrong, Starra?”
“I can feel ...”
“You can, can you?” he gasps in shock. “That’s absolutely amazing.”
“There is something else here within your fake city.” I narrow my two gray-tinted eyelashes and perform a Tele probe with my telepathy on the wall corner of the rear wall then slowly pad in that direction. “They are close. I can feel them. No! I can smell them.”
He gasps in shock then slowly follows Starra, nodding with a smile. “Yes, you are correct again, Starra. I must say that I’m very impressed with your Tele abilities.”
I halt in the wall corner and reach out, pressing both of my palms into the smooth cardboard. “I can feel sensations of numerous heart beats, blood surges, and pulse beats within their real bodies. However, the sensations are small, also, tiny in statue.” I sigh with deep confusion.
The weak cardboard fake wall shivers and falls forward exposing a semi-crooked line of fake battle warriors holding a maser rifle. He laughs and stops beside Starra, pointing at the cardboard figures.
I hesitate with my words then cut my eyelashes to Rann feeling suspicion, since I am the captive here. I view a row of battle soldiers that do not move or finch or fight or surrender, since they are comprised of paper cut-out boards. I frown. “These battle soldiers are fake, but something is not fake.” I gingerly stroll around the colorful paper outlines of male and female soldiers then halt viewing a table of with numerous metal wire cages holding an array of cute tiny furry animals including mice, hamsters, and gilberts. Some of the animals run on a trend mills; other animals eat lettuce stalks. Some of the tiny mammals sleeping in pile in the corner or urinating in the other corner inside each cage. I laugh with amusement.
Rann pulls beside Starra and smiles. “I use the animals for measuring varying degrees of body heat and temperature for faking the starship’s interior comlen sensors.”
“O! You also measure body temperature,” I gasp in shock, since my personal body temperature has risen during the past thirty seconds being alone with Rann inside the quiet room. I sigh with true love.
“Time to leave, Your Highness!” Ivan appears in front of the semi-crooked line of fake battle warriors.
Rann grabs her hand swinging them around, padding from the secret room with the furry animals then halts in front of Ivan, saying with a stern face, “Is there an incoming air raid from Rita?”
“Yes, there is, Rann.” He nods.
Ty appears beside Ivan and orders with a sneer, “Blindfold her!” A single true battle warrior appears and ties a new black tinted blindfold around Starra.
My last image is a smiling Rann. He escorts me from the fake city inside a true building back into the carrier ship. The ship lifts off the earth soil then soars in the air waves for a long period of time. I sigh with mystery.

On the 11th hour of an early afternoon, the carrier ship flies over the ocean waters in the pale blue sky with parted cloud and 88ºF of sizzling, humid air waves landing on top of a sea yacht.
I continued to sit in the rear seat with Rann and wear the blindfold, but my covered eyelashes see brighter rays of sunlight and as my nose holes smell salt particles in the heated air currents.
The rear door opens. Rann scoots out then grabs the hand on Starra, gently pulling her from the ship, standing on top of a new surface.
I perform a Tele scan with my teleclairvoyance seeing the sky, feeling the heat, then hearing the rumble of a loud engine. The hard surface shifts underneath my sandals. I latch into Rann with panic. I sigh with worry.
He softly chuckles and cuddles Starra.
I enjoy visiting new places with Rann. He is always full of fun surprises in the seventh alien timeline. No wonder Rita stays mad at him as she can’t find Rann in order to kill him. He is always hiding in a new place which is not the same spot. However, I do ponder how Rann found me with ease, but I do reside in the same place with the same routine. I sigh with logic.
He removes the blindfold handing to one of the Sbots.
I gasp in shock and feel the hot sunshine rays on a nose, two cheekbones and naked shoulders. The air is salty. The wind is rough with a whistling sound. The floor and sides are made of metal and painted indigo. “O! This is a boat.” I survey the boat and my new watery environment. I sigh with apprehension.
Back home on Planet Earth within the Milky Way Galaxy, I reside on a farm of hilly land, shade trees, plant bushes, wildflowers, domestic and wild animals, farm equipment, field crops, and good friends. The land mass is located on four corners within my farm biosphere. Well, the sphere is a semi-round geometric shape, not square shaped object. I view bodies of water, such like, small ponds, lakes, and tiny creek streams. I can wander my boot soles around the open fields, crops, and pastures throughout the farm ecosphere finding then fishing or swimming in each pond.
A salt ocean does exist outside each biosphere near the edge of a sandy, greenish-purple land mass. However, each salt ocean water and the associated colorful land mass is polluted with toxin poisons and covered in heaps of broken machine, rusty metal parts, and tons of nasty garage trash, and finally dead or dying aquatic life forms. A sea ship vessel does not exist or sail over for fun or business through the ocean waters. I do not live near the toxic ocean water. Therefore, I have never seen an ocean.
He smiles, “This is a sea yacht.” Rann and I stroll elegantly towards the curvy metal railing on the sea yacht that sails over salt water.
My eyeballs view miles of deep green to endless blue water using my Tele sight. I sigh with wetness. “I see lots of water.”
“This is called an ocean. The sea yacht is home to the water and this vessel is quiet and quite safe.” He cuddles Starra and tours the rest of the deck.
“That’s good to hear,” I smile. The ship floats up and down in the water. I continued to shuffle my feet and hands balancing over the uneven surface and slam into Rann.
He chuckles. “Hold on tight to me.”
“Does the sea yacht do this maneuver often?”
“I’m sorry about the rough cruise. The cabin has a set of new bots consisting of Wbots, Hbots, Obots, Mbots, Rbots, and Sbots. Give the bots a moment to adjust to the rough waves. This particular sea yacht is designed to soar, not float over the waves and foams on the ocean water.” The ship acquires a steady flow even with the ocean winds making my feet and my tummy happy.
I smile at the ocean water, “Water, water everywhere, and not a drop to drink.” The words come from a child’s musical song on Planet Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy. I’m a landlocked farmer, who now is sailing like a cute seafaring sailor on the sea yacht. My eardrums hear nothing, but his steady breathe as the rough sea wind swishes against my cheekbones. The metal boat skims below the rough waves and the deck is empty! We’re alone. I sigh with true love.
“Would you enjoy a tour of the ship?” Rann asks.
I giggle then grin. “Hmm! I would love to tour you,” I laugh with Rann. We slowly continue to stroll around the deck.
He points at the top deck, “This is the deck for lounging around in the sunshine. Do you like to lounge, Starra?”
“I would love to lounge with you, Rann.” I lean into his face while desiring a kiss. We step down into a semi-darkness hallway.
“The fourth deck is engineering, but we wanna avoid the dampness.”
“I would love to engineer with you.” I flirt and lean into his jaw line desiring a kiss. I sigh with hope.
He smiles and hit the second deck. “The second deck is a dining area for all of our guests and captive prisoners,” Rann chuckles.
I gasp in shock then frown and finally smile at his silly joke. “I would love to eat with you.”
“The dining room is accessed from the main stairwell, since there isn’t an outside deck, only rows of port windows for viewing the ocean water.”
“I would love to eat with you in the dark.”
We climb down more steps and hit the third level, “The third deck houses all the state rooms for sleeping.”
I smile. “Sleep with…”
“Sleep with….”
“…a pair of flannel pajamas underneath my bathrobe, since the interior air temperature is cold down here.” I giggle with delight.
He chuckles, “O! I thought you wanted to sleep with…”
“…the stars on the observation tower.” I giggle then release his hand and spin around with a smile quickly climbing back up each step then hit the polished top deck on the sea yacht. I stand in the bright sun. Rann follows her then stands on the top deck. I point to the curvy staircase on the side of the tower.
Rann nods. “The navigation array is located up there signaling where the ship is going to or from.” I veer towards the curvy staircase climbing each step. He follows her and narrates. “This is the observation deck for watching.” Rann stops and stands beside Starra scanning the blue sky and miles of green tinted ocean waters. The observation deck contains an empty floor with bolted chairs around the curvy side walls without a citizen or a seagull or a robot.
“What do you watch up here?” I smile at the miles of water.
“You’ll see later,” he chuckles over her hair roots pulling Starra into his naked chest underneath the horizon of sunset.
I close my two eyelashes enjoying his warmth and as my Tele eardrums picks up numerous musical songs from the marine life forms living down inside the ocean waters. The tunes are beautiful. I slightly sway side to side to the high and low-pitched instrumental octaves within Rann’s arms. I switch to my telepathy reaching out, touching some of the larger mammals of the deep ocean that are not too far from the ship’s bow swimming with the ship. I sigh with beauty.
His Tele talents are heightened by the sea water also hearing and feeling the same sea life below the ocean waters. He whispers, “Do you sense whales, sharks, and seals with your Tele powers?”
“Hmm! Yes, I can feel all of them.”
“You must be very careful and stay close to me for protection,” he scrapes his whiskers into her cheekbone.
“Do I really need protection from the ocean creatures?” I smile and continue to hear the sea songs.
“You don’t need protection from the gently sea creatures, only the nasty land monsters. I’m afraid your presence here will not be well received by some of the nobles.”
I snap open my eyelashes then spin around facing Rann. “Maybe, I should leave right now, Rann,” I wiggle from his cuddle.
He strengthens his two biceps around Starra and whispers with authority, “Maybe you cannot leave without my permission, Starra,” Rann chuckles and cuddles her body.
A ray of bright yellowish-white light in the far distance glows among the sunset rays. My eyeball catches the fast movement and as I turn and study the object. “What’s that?”
“Company!” He growls. I sigh with danger.
I’m not well received on the sea yacht which means I am a threat to the nobles, so I logically and rationally desire to leave this boat. A couple of zipper and carrier ships quickly land on top of the docking pad located at the bow on the yacht by a trained Pbot. Ambassador Ty of Agri and his girlfriend Joy; General Ivan of Militia, wife Mar, and their daughter Kia; Marquis Tok of Uni, his wife Marquise Lee, and their daughter Mia slowly pad climb the staircase and moves ahead towards Rann and Starra.
“Happy Jubilation Day!” Ty tosses both of his arms in the air and wears a smile, dropping both of his arms, hugging his girlfriend Joy. He is Rann’s best pal in the universe and likes Starra too. I sigh with friendship.
Ty used to run Planet Agri, before Rita became Empress of the Universe for some strange reason. Planet Agri grows cotton, corn, and cows supplying all food needs and raw farm goods to the citizens using Abots or agriculture robots and the human Business Associates.
Ty stops then kisses Joy on her cheekbone pulling back, winking to Starra.
Joy possesses a tone of white tinted skin, pair of purple eyeballs with blue specs and a tone of long blonde hair. I sigh with beauty.
“You’re just in time, buddy.” Rann smiles and shakes hands and lightly kissing each wife during the family hour. I sigh with jealousy.
“Time!” Hbot drones in a baritone timber which imitates Ivan’s voice.
“Time!” Wbot repeats the word that echoes throughout the deck levels. The flood lights flicker off. The soft musical song ceases. The robots deactivate. The sea yacht slowly stops then hovers over the flapping waves like an artificial indigo reef.
Silence lingers in the sea air. A combination of naked feet and booted soles stomp around the observation floor unfolding cheap lounge chairs in a row in the middle of the empty space.
I stand beside Rann and giggle at the unique commotion.
Rann watches the male nobles finish the job then shouts for fun, “Time!” He pulls Starra towards the last two cheap lounge chairs sitting down, pointing to the empty seat.
I sit down and lean into the soft fabric turning to see each noble and noblette. They watch the skyline for something in the far distance. I sigh with intrigue.
Rann straddles the seat and hands Starra a plate of food and a cold beverage, leaning over, whispering into her face. “No sound allowed.”
“Okay.” I whisper back and accept the food items. I sigh with puzzlement.
“We don’t want to alert them to our presence,” he nods with mystery.
“Okay.” I frown in the sinking sunlight and start eating the food. I stare at the night sky and perform a Tele view using my telepathy then gasp in shock. A set of ships fly over one of ruined land cities here on asteroid Resort. Rays of colorful missiles and bombs attack then destroy the fake city with maser fire. The discharges, fires, and flames light up the night sky like a flashlight beam in an array of pretty colors consisting of red, blue, green, yellow, pink, gold, silver, and yellow.
The nobles chuckle, then joke, and finally eat a plate of food and numerous cold beverages. I am actually eye witnessing an ordered air raid by Rita at a damaged asteroid Resort, but I sit safely far away on top of a sea yacht beside Rann hearing the vocal comments from each noble.
“Beautiful…”
“Lovely…”
“Dangerous…”
“Good one!”
“Nice touch!”
“You missed it, Rita!” Ivan laughs then eats the food.
The nobles continue to sit and shout with celebration while watching the bombardment of weapons on a fake city without real people and pets.
Rann is the leader of the rebellion, who hides from dangerous Rita. Of course, each air raid only attacks a fake city that Rann had built for fun and amusement of Rita’s torment. I sigh with brilliance.
I focus on each flying starship that produces a fiery firework display streaks of white smoke and yellow sparks then lean over and whisper to Rann. “No one gets hurt.”
He scratches his whiskers into her cheekbone, “No one gets hurt.”
“I’m glad.”
“I’m glad also.” He smiles.
“Are you greatly disappointed, Starra?” Ivan watches and eat the food.
I continue to watch the fireworks display. “No, I am intrigued.”
“Are you enjoying the show, Starra?” Tok watches then gulps the brew without food.
“How long will the air raid last?” I inquire.
“Until Rita surrenders,” Ty laughs then hugs Joy.
“Until Rita gets frustrated,” Tok laughs then drinks another sip of brew.
“Until Rita quits,” Ivan laughs then crams food into his open lips.
“Rita has unlimited resources.” I announce.
“She does.” Ty laughs.
“Does she?” Tok chuckles then downs the cold brew.
“Why are my words so funny?” I frown.
“You!” Ty smiles at Starra.
“Me!” I gasp with shock.
“You’re a little naïve, Starra.” Joy smiles.
“I am not,” I frown.
“This is a game for Rita.” Tok laughs.
“This is a test for Rita.” Ivan laughs.
“Why is this a test for Rita?” I frown.
“Did she pass, Rann?” Ty asks.
Rann laughs. “Not yet!”
He inquires. “Did she pass, Rann?” Each pair of eyeballs views Rann.
Rann shakes his curls and winks to Starra. “Not yet!”
I turn and gasp at Rann. “What does that mean?”
“You shall see.” He smiles.
“What do I need to see?” I frown.
“Time for bed, Starra!” He drops the paper plate on the floor then stands extending his hand to Starra.
I exhale with annoyance and grab his hand standing upright from the chair, surveying the full moonlight over the green water that sparks like gold nuggets within the dark ocean. The scene is romantic and mysterious. I sigh with romance.
Instead I’m stuck here on the floating boat filled with a group of rude and crude nobles. I sigh with disappointment.
The air raid ceases. The bright flood lights illuminate the observation town while blinding my two eyeballs. A soft jazz musical song starts to play. All the bots reactivate starting the machine duties of serving, gathering, and cleaning food, beverages, and plates.
I view Rann with a pout. “I can’t stay until midnight.”
He shakes his curls and nods with a smile. “We have secret plans to discuss without the spy.” The nobles laugh at Starra. Rann orders. “Sbot, escort our capture to her state quarters.” He does not escort Starra away from the nobles or the observation tower.
Sbot fly-ass-backwards from the side wall and holds a stack of dirty dishes stopping in front of Starra without talking. Then the robot slowly soars forward towards the staircase. I exhale with annoyance and follow the robot off the tower and down into my newly assigned prison room. I sigh with disappointment.

Two alien days later….


Alien Day 138


Sea yacht location
Starra’s private state room

6th hour (early morning)
Sizzling air temperatures, bright sunlight and slight ocean wind


My new holding cell is located on the second deck with the rest of the state rooms. I’m on a floating metal machine with limited space and surrounded by miles of water and numerous royal nobles that I have not seen for a day and a night for some reason. I do not have a side or forward wall with a glass window, but I use some of my Tele talents to talk and sense all the aquatic mammals that live and swim and roam in vast Resort Ocean.
The aquatic mammals and fishes are happy that the nasty citizens have abandoned their home. They are safe and happy producing new aquatic families living the wildlife within natural seas. I sigh with nature.
O yeah! The reason I cannot leave my state room is the first solar system is participating in another Galactic Civil War with the second solar system. I sigh with repeat.
Inside my prisoner state room, it displays a twin bed, a private lavatory, and a single window that shows the brightest eastern sun. A small closet holds no clothes. I sigh with luxury.
I rub the flakey sleepy crusts from each eye socket then smear the yellow dried stuff on the used bed linens surveying the dark wooden panels then I see a bot. I yell for meanness. “What!”
Sbot floats ahead like a sliver-tinted ghost moving ahead to Starra, “Time to clean the room!”
“Do it later!” I sneer like an alien princess then yawn with an ugly open mouth of princess rudeness.
“General Ivan has ordered. Your presence is requested on the top deck now,” Hbot stops and reaches down for the dirty bed linens. I sigh with distrust.
The robot has forgotten to add, where the other nobles lounge underneath a shaded veranda in the sunlight sucking down a cold coffee within the light breeze and do not trust me. I sigh with disappointment.
I am the party responsible for the “Lost in Space” adventure involving Rann and it is coupled with destroying the comfone communication link during my secret visitation. So, the nobles might be a little bit upset with my person, but Rann is not upset. As a matter of fact, he is very pleased with me. I sigh with true love.
I wear the same wrinkled sundress and exit my cabin, landing on the top deck, where the sun is hot. The wind is cool. The air is salty. And no noble stands here to greet my face or hang my neck muscles. I sigh with happiness.
I stroll ahead towards the protective steel railing that keeps a person from dropping down into the ocean water and whispers for my eardrums only, “Water, water everywhere, and not a drop to drink.” The fairy tale invades my sleepy mind, again, this morning. I feel thirsty and stop, pouring a cold beverage into an empty tumbler at the provided table of fresh food and cold beverages. And I am being watched; I can feel it. I sigh with insecurity.
I walk to the end of the food table and slid down into the coral tinted lounge chair facing the placid ocean waters. I’m not being watched; I do not feel it. I sigh with embarrassment.
“Time to leave!” The voice of Ivan booms throughout the air waves standing on the front of the massive sea vessel.
Rann arrives and wears his traditional outfit, a sleeveless, white-tinted vest, a pair of matching walking shorts, and a pair of tan-colored flip-flops. I stand for my man and look forward to a new adventure in the day of the life of Starra. I don’t have a citizen title within the seventh alien timeline as I am Starra.
“Good morning, Starra,” He stops then bows down at his fit waistline to her then slowly stands upright, extending his naked hand as the gentleman of the universe.
“Good morning, Rann,” I accept his hand then pop up from the chair wobbling on the pair of summer heeled sandals. You try doing that on top of a sailing ship. I sigh with annoyance.
“Move it!” Ivan appears beside a zipper ship and motions to Rann.
“Are we leaving the ship?” I wear a stern face of worry.
“Yes,” Rann nods.
“Blindfold her!” Ivan yells and continues to wave his arm within the heated sunlight.
A battle warrior appears beside Starra then covers her two eyeballs with a soft, black-tinted short cloth. Her last image is a smiling Rann. Rann reaches out and gently grabs her arm escorting Starra to the grounded zipper ship, assisting her into the front passenger seat and then he quickly pilots the ship off the sea yacht’s deck. They flew to a new place.
I wiggle in the passenger chair and giggle with delight for my new adventure with Rann, even with a set of blinded eyeballs. I sigh with true love.

On the 9th hour, of late morning, among the pale blue sky and bright sunlight without clouds and with the air temperatures of 90 degrees Fahrenheit, I continue to sit inside the flying zipper ship, wearing a blindfold over both of my two eyeballs. I have the use of my hands and arms, which are parked down in my lap like a good southern belle of Planet Earth.
Rann smoothly pilots the ship then lowers the altitude reducing the air speed, smoothing landing on top of the new place with a soft thump.
I can hear waves of water slapping the six metal legs and the material belly portion on the parked zipper ship. Rann shuffles from the pilot’s seat and dashes around the nose of the zipper, reaching the passenger door, opening the metal door. He reaches inside and taps her collar bone. He rolls his hand down to her hand, assisting her to stand.
I slide off the seat and wear a grin of surprise landing my first sandal in warm waves of salty water, gasping in shock and completely stand in more ripples of warm water.
He slowly escorts Starra away from the grounded ship around the nose grill on the heated metal and then halts on top of a soft, sandy surface.
I can feel the bright sunlight on my exposed and unexposed body parts, reaching up, ripping off the blindfold and gasp in shock. The surface is rough and soft, at the same time, as my spiked heeled summer sandals sink down into the ground. The wind feels salty and slaps both of my cheekbones blowing my long hair across my back and into my cheekbone. I am standing with Rann on top of an ocean island.
The island is composed of gleaming and blinding yellow-tinted sand grains, an unspoiled secluded sandy beach lies along a semi-circular seashore line. I study the lagoon, miles of both sand grains and ocean waters, and two machine bots a few feet ahead of us.
No one lives or visits here, today, either. I sigh with fright.
Tapping into my telepathy, I perform a Tele view in the far sea ocean distance seeing numerous marine life forms playing in the ocean waters, such as, sea turtles, dolphins, starfish, jelly fish, sea horses, and colorful schools of fish. The sea life feed and dance around numerous pinkish-orange tinted coral reefs a few miles from the beach island for fun, since the island mass is both people-less and city-less. The island mass comprises 1,000 feet wide by 1,000 feet long and a slight land elevation of ten inches from the rippling ocean waves.
“O! Is this my new prisoner cell?” I turn and wink to Rann exhibiting my dark humor and total shock of personal isolation with my man. I sigh with true love.
He leans into her smile. “Well, I am protecting you from Rita and her spies.” I sigh with frustration.
I huff with annoyance, “How gallant of you!” I can care for my person as I have demonstrated in the past six alien timelines and the current seventh alien timeline. And I don’t believe for an instant his fluffy fairy tale. Anyways, Rann is the one and only citizen that Rita wants to contain or kill, not my life form.
I pull off my sandals first slowly strolling ahead, sinking my toe bones down in the shallow warm water and yellow tinted, soft sand grains. Waves of salt ocean waters rush and then wash off the sand over my ankle bones down to my pink-painted toes making me giggle from the funny sensation. I sigh with delight.
He continues to hold her hand and leads Starra ahead while they follow the can on two shiny robots. He smiles. “I want you to be careful and concerned as we are surrounded by creatures of the sea consisting of hunger sharks, large whales, school of fish and a fleet of perinea.”
I laugh and shake my wet curls. “I might be a land lover, but I do know that a school of vicious biting perinea fish do not live in salt water, Rann. Are you testing me?”
“I only tell you this information for your good, so do not try to escape from the island…
“…or you,” I smile. “And where in the world would I escape too? I see miles of sands without buildings and miles of water with dangerous marine life and miles of blue sky without a single starship and miles of bright sunlight for a heat stroke.” I softly giggle at his silly statement. I sigh with fun.
In the short distance, the land mass is dotted with a row of three small structures. He points ahead at the next object. “Up ahead, another hot spot, that can indeed give you a heat stroke, is called Noble Island.”
“Well, that interesting! I didn’t know the royal nobles owned a private island, in the middle of the ocean waters, with the damaged asteroid Resort.” I scoot my naked toes over the water waves for fun enjoying the sun, the sand, and the prince. I sigh with happiness.
“There are three villa homes in a row but far away from each other in land distance measurement that belongs to all the nobles for an occasional wild weekend party or a private vacation spot with a few select guests, which occurred a very long time ago, before the Galactic Civil War…”
“…the air raid bombings and Empress Rita.” I nod with understanding. “Where is her boyfriend Emperor Dirk?” I toss that curious question into the salt air waves at Rann. I sigh with curiosity.
He exhales with mixed emotions of sorrow, hate, fury, and sadness regarding the current situation with Rita then he ignores the question and narrates the history of the ocean island to Starra. “The island had been created from tons of spitting underground heated volcanic lava millions of years ago. Tok found the string of islands and then claimed all the islands here, which still is his native home world. There are hundreds or maybe thousands of tiny coral reefs, sand barges, and smaller islands floating around the gigantic Resort Ocean. He built his first castle here. Then the other nobles worked together and constructed two more structures. The nobles were careful not to upset Mother Nature here. This small ocean island constantly sinks down at the edges, of course, within the tiny landmass and then builds the sandy shoreline back up, which shakes all the man-made structures, sometimes.” He bumps into Starra and softly chuckles at the true phenomena.
At long time ago, Rann had been entertaining a few house guests and all were located inside one villa, when the sea decided to take the black sands on Luna Island to its permanent underwater grave spot. Luna Island shook the greatest as the wobbling Noble Island motion gave Rann a seasickness feeling inside the villa and outside in the sands. His three female adult guests were upset more and demanded to leave the island, immediately.
However, Rann gets a lasting impression that Starra will not demand such a command but enjoy the natural sea events that occur on the island paradise.
I look back over my collar bone without seeing the massive sea yacht with numerous nobles or another present royal noble or an enemy space craft. I smile at my isolation with Rann and return flicking my toes through the sand, seeing a row of three small buildings in the short distance.
Rann and I slowly stroll over a solid line of red tinted rocks between the rough, tiny rippling waves of open ocean leaving behind the yellow tinted sands, first viewing a ground of pink-tinted sand grains, walking over the smooth stones. I smile at the pink hue on the new second island.
He points around the new island and holds her hand, wearing a smile, stepping on pink sand grains. “We are leaving Sun Island and its yellow tinted sands. Now, we are strolling easterly away from the northern part of the island. This island is named Noble Island and is covered in pink-tinted sand grains. But the ocean waves are painted in pale green hues. Each villa contains solar electricity power that works the cold air conditioning unit and feeds fresh water from a pumping station down into the center of the island up into each house floor for visiting the tiny island. And you will not find a single merchandise market booth or a single parked starship or another citizen or Rita.” He chuckles with her.
I smile, “This hot spot is truly paradise.” I can’t say the same for the bots. The bots outnumber the humans, three to one, performing all the domestic duties while pampering the gang of spoiled nobles and noblettes. Rann is a great noble model, who is spoiled and pampered as the Prince of the Universe.
I squeeze his hand with my beautiful royal mental thoughts wanting to become the new and permanent Princess of the Universe as I definitely promise to defiantly marry Rann within the seventh alien timeline.  I sigh with true love.
Things are going well and getting better for me, arriving here 139 days ago, after crash-landing my burning ancient Earth space shuttle. I sigh with happiness.

I mentally flashed backwards, within the third alien timeline, when I had learned from Lord Dirk that I was the unknown catalyst creating a set of rip-roaring good times for me but causing a string of bad unlucky events for him and the other natives within the unknown universe.

Then, I mentally flash back present, within the seventh alien timeline, where I have somehow upset the normal flow within the original space and time continuum here within Dirk’s universe, not a purpose. And this is not Dirk’s universe. He likes to say that statement over and over and over, again, on purpose, which is very annoying to my eardrums and my brain cells.
Anyways, per Dirk, I am the only girl that could fix it back, after returning to Planet Earth, within the Milky Way Galaxy, as an alive and breathing teenager heading into that fiery red and blue tinted rotating wormhole that hovers within the pale blue sky over the Bonita planet. I sigh with not happening ever.
So, I ponder that vital piece of important and the useful alien girl information. I can fix the original timeline within the new universe by leaving the universe. However, I have permanently changed the original timeline, because I have done something that no other alien girl or guy could possibility do. I sigh with secrets.

I mentally flashed backwards, within the fourth alien timeline, when I had saved Rann’s life form, again, mixing our blood protein fluids together, which was accidental, of course.

Then, I mentally flash present, within the seventh alien timeline, pondering my beauty mental thoughts. I can permanently correct the original timeline returning the true dead native nobles, noblettes, and commoners by marrying my man Rann, who possesses my alien blood proteins to boot. So, I am staying here in the new universe playing for fun, and finally marrying my man, today, if possible. I sigh with marriage.
I point at the row of building. “Which one is your castle?”
“All of them!” He chuckles. “The two closest structures possess two large rooms and one shared private lavatory, without cooking appliances for a kitchen setting. There is a larger building away from the residential villas and not to close the shoreline, where the working bots prepare the food meals then cart the trays into the house.”
I smile. “The houses are beautiful. The island is beautiful. The atmosphere is beautiful. How long are we going to stay here?”
“As long as it takes…”
In the short distance, three bots advance back to Rann and Starra carrying three wicker baskets of fresh food and cold beverages.
I frown at his nose profile, “What does that mean?”
“When Rita finally give up her air raids, bombings and childish Empress fits.”
“I see.” I fake a smile as I do not see. I’m not hiding out from Rita. Rita is not a threat to me. I had personally solved her little problem regarding the Civil War with Rann, using my brilliant sabotage plan. But I also had created new issue for Rann sabotaging his fleet of starship in the outer space. I softly giggle at my past wicked alien teen behavior. I sigh with naughtiness.
The three bots halt in the air in front of Starra and Rann. He releases her hand and opens the first basket, jerking out two items, and wiggles each object near his smile, viewing Starra. “Now, listen to me, princess…I mean…prisoner…” he chuckles. “I am in charge on this island and I insist that you wear the newest prison grab, while visiting Noble Island.”
I frown then smile slapping my chest. “I am the princess…I mean…prisoner…and I am still required to wear a prison uniform on an ocean island in the middle of the ocean waters surrounded by sharks, whales, and fake school of perinea fish,” I view a pink tinted bikini swim suit then a yellow tinted one.
He shakes the pink one in the air, “I like the pink hue on you. But there is more colorful swim gear located inside your private suite for swimming or strolling or modeling or any other fun water sports activity.”
I softly giggle at his fun statement and lift my sandals near my grin. “I don’t think that swimming gear and my summer sandals really mix.”
He shakes his curls. “Shoe are not allowed, only a pair of bare feet.” He hands the two swimming suits to Starra while softly chuckling.
I accept the swim gear and wink at him, “Hmm! And, what are my princess...I mean…prisoner chores, Warden?”
He nods with a smile. “O! There are numerous and many manual chores for a single princess…I mean…prisoner here on Noble Island.”
“What are some of my numerous and many manual chores, Warden?” I flirt for fun.
Rann spins around and cuddles Starra. They slowly stroll over the sand grains moving around the row of hovering bots. He points around the island landscape and then at a row of structures. “First, you are required to tour the island with me. Second, you are required to eat the breakfast, brunch, lunch, supper, dinner and midnight snack meals with me. Third...”
I wave my arm with the swim gear and cheer out loud with delight. “Let the princess…I mean…prisoner sentence began and not every end, Warden!” she laughs with Rann.
He leads them to a pink-tinted villa that matches the pink-tinted sand grains. “I wanna show you everything, Starra. First, let’s change out of our wet clothes into a set of dry clothes then our first stop is touring Noble Island.” Rann stops and stands on top of a man-made sidewalk in smooth-feeling pink and yellow naturally tinted island lava stones that are not heated from the underground volcano, pointing with a smile at the matching pink tinted residential structure. “This is your private villa. I’m living inside the yellow one. We part for a little while and then meet back here at this exact spot in five minutes. Does that work into your princess…I mean…prisoner schedule, Starra?”
I laugh with delight and nod several times. “Yes, I do believe that I can fit that meeting into my princess…I mean…prisoner schedule, Warden.” I smile at him one more time then spin around slowly prancing ahead then I swing around walking backwards, waving at Rann. I sigh with true love.
He slowly moves ahead then sideways and finally enters the second villa disappearing from her eyesight.
I continue to walk backwards like one of the metal flying robots here within this new universe and enter a shaded interior room and then halt softly giggling with delight, wearing a smile. I slowly spin around with happiness and study my new princess…I mean… prisoner room.
The room is very large and shaped in a funny rectangular design that does not fit any mathematical model within my human brain cells and is comprised of pink-tinted mud blocks and yellow-tinted tiny rock pebbles, which is overall stunningly and naturally beautiful. I smile and continue to spin around while whispering for my eardrums only, “This hot spot is truly paradise.” I sigh with happiness.
However, my mental thoughts are not my own as I quickly ponder the whereabout of my number two enemy lady Rita. I should be out there among the native and the planets fighting against her and not hiding out here on a pretty paradise island, since Rann is carefully hiding out for body protection too. Well, I ain’t afraid of Rita. She cannot hurt me, but she can harm Rann, truly.
However, I will not allow that to never, ever happen. Period! I sigh with my guardian angel duty.
I move ahead and enter a second large room featuring a bed mattress in-between a row of short chest drawers and start to rip out an an-almost-not-there-sundress into an-almost-not-there-pink-tinted-bikini. The hot humid air currents invade numerous body parts including the interior nose holes, my two moist eyeballs, and my long dirty hair strands even with an operating very cold-feeling air-condition vent.
The bamboo wooden bed frame is covered in a set of yellow tinted satin sheets with a matching yellow tinted mosquito net canopy over bed mattress. A private lavatory features an open-air pink tinted coral rock wall, where a tiny waterfall falls then flows down the solid vertical wall. I stroll to the water, stop, and reach out feeling the cool water on my naked hand.
“This hot spot is truly paradise.” I prance away from the lavatory and the bedroom setting while racing through the house, dashing from the villa and then playfully collide into an upright and stationary Rann at our appointed hot spot on top of the smooth-feeling sidewalk.
Rann wears a pair of dark blue tinted swimming trunks without his signature sleeveless vest over a body of coffee-tinted skin displaying his upper chest muscles. His shoulder length lock of black curls bounce side to side against his triangular-shaped chin.
He smiles and chuckles at Starra pulls back from her impromptu hug, grabbing her hand and spins them around, strolling through the sun rays and the sand grains. They wiggle and snigger like two little kids at elementary school playground recess.
The tour encompasses four different islands located within four geographic points on the island map traveling in a southern, northern, easterly, and finally westerly direction. The four islands form a tiny geometric circle in the middle of Resort Ocean and are connected by an individual coral rock-coated, red-tinted reef, like a walking bridge.
I prance ahead on my naked toes to a man-made, metal telescope seeing with one eyeball a magnified island landmass. I execute a Tele probe using my teleclairvoyance viewing the entire island within my mental mind. The island is a flat figure designed by nature and appears as a circle with an individual set of red-tinted coral stones connecting to each smaller island. Each individual island scene is covered in a set of different colored sand grains and is surrounded by the smooth waves of light greenish-blue tinted ocean waters. I don’t see plants, animals, insects, vegetation, fruit trees, or large plant scrubs, only puke green tinted scattered seaweed strands within the ocean waters and tan-colored tall sea oat plants growing on the shoreline. There are no trees, hills, mountains, or slopes. Each sand islet is flat like a cooked pancake. I sigh with awe.
I lift my face from the eye piece and scan the current shoreline, back stepping with a smile from the telescope, spinning around and slam into an upright Rann. I giggle with delight. He smiles with delight too.
He guides Starra around the stationary telescope slowly moving ahead to the first bridge consisting of a solid line of red-tinted stone steps that were very close together almost forming a bridge but more of a walking pathway as the water waves splash up and hit each naked toe bone.
I step onto a ground of soft, pink-tinted sand grains smiling with delight. “This is truly paradise,” I whisper for my eardrums only and hold his hand.
He leans over and wraps Starra into his heated body thumbing back behind his collar bone. “We just left the northern plane, within the island scenery, which is called Sun Island. We walked through the shallow waters on the yellow-tinted sandy ground from our parked water transport. Sun Island and its lagoon is the transportation port for all imported products which is carried over the shallow waters by a fleet of smaller wooden boats. The ocean rip tide is too strong for parking an expensive sea yacht. This portion of the landmass is the southern part of the island which is called Noble Island.”
“The sand grains are a different color here on Noble Island rather than Sun Island.” I survey my new environment.
“You’re a very good student, Starra. As your teacher, I should reward you,” he softly chuckles. “The sand grains are colored in yellow hue for the invented name of Sun Island. Pink-tinted sand grains reside on Noble Island. Of course, Rita or Dirk wanted to import tons of purple-tinted sand grains for the name of Noble Island. But, of course, that silly idea was axed along with both Rita and Dirk from vacationing on the hot spot here.” He softly chuckles. “That was my idea…”
I smile and whispered for my eardrums only, “This is truly paradise.” Now, I understand the reason for Civil War caused by Empress Rita and continued by Prince Rann. This planet once was very beautiful and represented numerous vacation resorts and water fun activities for all citizens. Now, the planet is damaged, dying, and dead in cold spots.
She stomps on his tender toes. He slightly shifts his naked toes to the side. “…flinging them from paradise…” Rann laughs again and then smiles, “The eastern island landmass contains numerous tall lava rock formations that display a wonderful sunrise and a brilliant sunset. The western island is called Coral Island, where a citizen can go snorkeling, fishing, and diving among the numerous pinkish-orange reefs sunbathing on white-tinted sand grains. Black tinted sand grains lie on Luna Island. This is truly paradise, a colorful playground of fun and adventure for adults only.” He laughs. I sigh with pleasure.
“This is truly paradise,” I hold his hand and smile at the features of the island.
He softly chuckles. “I’m glad you approve. We will stay here for a couple of days.” He pulls Starra closer into his face but doesn’t kiss a cheekbone yet.
I pout with the bad news. “Just a couple of days, I wanna stay here for a lifetime.” I smile and admire my new home. “I don’t see any flowers that adore your home.”
He shakes his curls. “The sandy beach mounds are teeming with plant life and underneath the water there is more sea animal and plant life. Above ground, the weather pattern is too heated during the day and too cool at night for any type of marine plant life to survive on top of the island.”
I gasp in shock thinking with my stomach, “What about our food supply?”
“Our food stuffs are imported,” he thumbs back behind his collar bone.
I look behind my collar bone. All the bots work floating and carrying numerous packages, tubs and boxes into each colorful villa. “So, everything is imported…”
“…except for the waterfall…”
“…for an exotic bath…”
He chuckles, “The waterfall is for our viewing. A hidden spring of fresh water is hidden within numerous rock mounds which provides each villa with cold liquid for both drinking and bathing.”
“I thought the ocean waters were for bathing.” I return and smile to Rann.
“The ocean waters are for both pleasure and fun, not survival.” He smiles back.
“O! Pleasure and fun, when does this all start?” I bump into his hard chest of muscles starting my fun.
“Right now!” He starts to jog ahead with loud laughter and tugs her hand for a new island adventure within the heated sunrays. They lightly jog on a pair of naked toes over to the cool, pink-tinted sand grains, onto the stone bridge landing down on Sun Island again.
I view the parked zipper ship in the shallow waters without a pilot or a passenger burning its metal parts in the sizzling sunrays.

On Sun Island, a Hbot has setup a white-tinted cloth camping tent displaying two cloth chairs in dull peach tone and a long wooden table with entrees of cold beverages and food items. There are not any formal concrete or glass structures on Sun Island as the sand grains represent the entrance point into the circle of small islands when one or two rowing boats come ashore the ocean shoreline.
Rann and I play near the sandy shoreline in the watery lagoon. I slowly and carefully construct many short and slender royal sandcastles. He doesn’t finish his single, short, squat single castle and swiftly dashes into the back spine on Starra tearing all her castles down in the sands using his two manly hands and two big feet. I finally get mad and twirl away from Rann racing ahead, tearing down his puny castle. He spins around and laughs out loud, dashing ahead, attacking the back spine on Starra again. They wrestle like a pair of enemies while giggling and tossing sand grains on each other hair roots, until Hbot comes along and breaks up the fighting.
They stand from the sand grains and shake hands. Rann pulls Starra into his chest and twists her arm around his bicep starting to walk and talk along beach getting a suntan, collecting seashells, watching the flying dolphins. The group of frisky, gray-tinted dolphins performs some amazing sea acrobatic leaping from the water, flipping the air, and diving down into the ocean waves. They play one mile off the shoreline inside the deeper portion of the Resort Ocean. Time stands still for four hours but not my heart, mind, and soul. I sigh with true love.



Seven hours later…

6th hour (late evening)
Noble Island
Pink tinted sand grains and blue ocean waves
Bright stars and full moon at 85ºF


I sing in sweet harmony and wash my dirty, sweaty body inside a pinkish-orange tinted waterfall shower with cold water and pink bubbles. The bubbles come from the pink bar of soap cleaning off the wet white sand from my dirty body.
I finish my shower and quickly change into my island outfit walking through the hallway, wearing my new swimming bikini. The tiny bits of black-tinted, silky fabric barely cover my three girly, private parts. I do like this dress code as the weather is hot, humid, and handsome.
I exit my villa and perform a sexy priss towards a smiling Rann. He stands in our spot, on top of the sidewalk, wearing a new set of swimming trunks in black hue too along with his chest and arms of hard muscles and a pair of naked toes.
He grabs her hand and starts to walk towards the lagoon again.
I view the dark sky, the full moon rays, and the twinkling stars, saying with a smile, “Where are we going now?”
“We are going on a nighttime picnic,” he smiles.
“A nighttime picnic,” I repeat with mystery.
Rann cuddles her and leads in a different direction from Noble Island. “Do you like to eat?”
“I love to eat.”
“I thought we could dine together.”
“Together, just you and me,” I softly giggle.
“Together,” he squeezes her hand while squashing the yellow sands between his toes strolling ahead to the next island, using the most dangerous transport, a coral reef natural rocks which is separated only by the calm ripping ocean waters.
He stops. I stand on my pair of naked feet and squash my naked toes in the yellow sand grains while studying the black tinted sands that lie across the tiny intercoastal of calm ocean waters. I frown, “Hmm! To me, it appears that the coral reef bridge is broken.”
Rann shakes black curls side to side and softly chuckles. “There has never been a walking bridge here, only a pathway of solid rock stones. The sands are alive.”
“Rann!”
“Starra, I’m going to lift your body in the air and then drop your pretty feet down on top of each exposed wet, slick stone rock. After you land on top of the stone, shuffle your toes towards the edge of the wet rock and let me jump onto the same mound with your…”
“No!” I yell out loud with worry and study the black sand grains as I stand in front of the first wet, slick rock stone and the calm ocean waters.
He scoots ahead then stops rubbing his tallness against her shortness while singing over her hair roots. “Yes.”
I giggle with delight. I sigh with true love.
He pulls Starra into his chest and lifts her body at her fitted waistline with both of his cupped hands in the air easily sailing her naked feet towards the first pink-tinted coral stone step between the salty, foamy white-tinted ocean waves.
“Rann!” I scream and land on the first wet stone performing a T-balance with my telekinesis without tumbling off the small rock, which is no more than ten inches in diameter.
“Good! You have remembered my name. So, scream it out loud, again!” He jumps behind her fanny wrapping both of his arms around her body while balancing on the first stone.
I quickly include Rann within my T-balance act using my telekinesis while steadying both of us in place, before we fall on our bone skulls down into the warm ocean waters.
The pink stone formation varies in distance and length from ten inches to fifteen inches.
Rann thrusts her forward using his man-strength again towards the second stone. I leap in the air and perform a T-touch landing down on the second rock covered with invisible salt water. I slide to the side and feel Rann leap off the first stone landing against my fanny within the black-tinted throng. We giggle and slip and slide our naked feet on the slippery rock.
I perform a T-balance using my telekinesis keeping us steady on top of the second stone as I do not desire a second body bath today. The salty ocean water is cold-feeling within the cooler evening temperatures.
Rann and I hop then leap and finally jump to each stone while softly giggling like a couple of kids.
I execute a T-zap using my telekinesis to correct my abused bikini fabric when Rann accidentally grabs my body messing up my bouncing girly body parts as I giggle with fun amusement.
Rann lifts and leaps with Starra for solid ground, well, a rocky ground.
I depart from Rann then glide to the right out of his shadow tapping my toes on the cold stone, wearing a puzzled brow. “This is rock.” I examine the island foundation.
He stands and adjusts his swimming trunks from the numerous purposefully collisions with Starra, wearing a smile, “Luna is a piece of cooled lava chunks which are millions of years old. There is no vegetation stems here, only black tinted rock decomposing into back into black tinted sand grains along the shoreline on each side.”
“I wanna go and touch the black sand grains.” I grin and dash ahead leaving him behind.
“This is my favorite island,” he slowly struts on top of the smooth rock and surveys the bot work in the short distance.
I reach the shoreline and squat down reaching out, touching the loose sand grains. “The word luna translates into the word, moon.”
“Luna Island is for lovers.” He reaches the bot and the dinner spot surveying the new setup.
I slowly stand up and study the tiny island within the dusk light using my eyeballs and my Tele powers. “Now, I understand. The island is carved into a geometric shape of a patterned heart.” I get the image now. My telepathy told me the words, heart moon, when I was tracking down the rebels for Empress Rita. Rann had been here all the time. I slowly perform a sexy priss towards Rann and wear a sexy smile whispering for my eardrums only. “Wow! My Tele powers do work, perfectly.
He spins around and frowns at her. “You are correct. How did you know that information, Starra? Are you really a spy and pretending to spy on me?” Rann softly chuckles.
“No. I am not a spy. I read about it in school, you know, like you do,” I lie big time, since I’m an alien from Planet Earth and wink with my sexy flirting action with Rann.
“I’m impressed.” He opens his arms and nods with a smile.
“Yeah, I’m impressed too.” I smile and skip beside walking over the smooth ground, “The sand is cool to the touch too.” I move ahead towards a row of objects passing the lovely layout with the dinner items.
“Yes.” He spins around and follows Starra.
I squirt my two eyelashes and study the objects, “And I see things. There are strange-looking islands rocks.”
He dashes ahead and walks beside Starra, pointing at the semi-crooked row of objects. “These are statutes made of granite and rock minerals coming from the ocean floor.”
“Is the row of rock monuments to something contains some type of historically significant here on your island? I can’t tell with my tele…I mean…tell me.” I stop with puzzlement a short distance from the semi-crooked row and study each item using my telepathy ability, but I am getting no new information. I sigh with puzzlement.
“The statutes were erected for both fun and entertainment,” He loudly laughs.
“Fun! What is the fun in erecting a large, cold, stone-made statue?” I frown with puzzlement at each statue.
He smiles. “Well, that is a funny question and I have a funny answer. Luna Island is barren of people, plants, and pets, except for the sea birds and their bird nests occupied by the very young non-flying babies.” He slides sideways and cuddles Starra pointing at the top of one of the many statutes.
I execute a T-view with my telepathy seeing a crow of bird nests with numerous babies and then I gasp in shock seeing something else. “I see something else that looks like a figure or a person or a king. Damn, Dirk! That is black-hearted Dirk on top of a black-tinted rock statue,” I nod and laugh with Rann.
“Birds in his head,” he smiles and laughs again with Starra.
“I agree with that analogy,” I nod several times and enjoy verbally backstabbing my long-lost cousin. Rita sweetly reminded me before I figured out the secret base and then purposefully sabotaged both starships with Rann and Rita. I sigh with peace.
However, I am not blood or bond-related to that vile, evil sub-human citizen and have not viewed Emperor Dirk’s pale face either, during the seventh alien timeline. But I have socialized with Empress Rita, who is always full of fun torture and dangerous games. I sigh with danger.
My Tele senses ping with alarms. Everything ain’t right, darling.
I slowly scan the island, the miles of open ocean water, then the dull night sky seeing only a full moon and twinkling stars. I sigh with worry.
I return and stare at Dirk’s statue with concern and death. I sigh with death.
Rann bumps into her arm and wears a smile spinning them around, pointing first at the dinner spot. He reaches down and grabs her hand slowly moving ahead. “Wbot is the only bot here tonight on Luna Island.”
Wbot has packed our nighttime picnic in a large, brown-tinted wicket basket. The waiter robot has beautifully decorated a slightly elevated rock stone wearing a tan-colored tablecloth placing small, square-shaped, yellow-tinted paper lanterns around the edge of the white fabric. He has lit a candle inside lantern creating a lovely soft glow of yellow and red fire and has rested two paper-made eating plates, two sets of plastic-designed silverware, and two paper-made tumbles on top of the soft cloth.
Wbot floats above the sands and stands beside the rock table, saying to Rann, “Supper is served, Sire.”
Rann leads Starra to the closest side on the rock table and releases her arm. I sit cross-legged on the sand without a chair. He scoots sideways plopping down in a crossed-legged pose next to her kneecap touching their naked skin together. He smiles at Starra, “Sbot, this morning, fished in the ocean waters capturing shrimp, lobster, oysters, and crab for our evening meal.”
This is truly an island meal on an island paradise,” I smile at Rann then consume the white meat from the shrimp tail while admiring the yellow flames that dance on Rann’s suntanned coat of handsomeness.  I smile, giggle, and feel the heat-ness and hot-ness from his closest body parts while swallowing the delicious juicy meat. I nod. “This island is so breathtakingly beautiful,” I eat more food.
Rann lifts his goblet in the air and smiles at Starra. “I propose a toast…”
“…to Luna Island…” I quickly lift my goblet in the air and giggle with Rann.
“…to Starra…”
“…to Rann and Starra…”
“…to Starra and Rann…” he repeats with a set of softy chuckles.
“Here! Here!” I cheer out loud. Our paper goblets smash together with a soft squish sound. Then our glasses bend inwards pouring out the sweet grapefruit juice over our finger pads as we softly giggle like two kids at playground recess.
“Leave us,” Rann smiles at Starra and orders in his sexy baritone to Wbot. Wbot float-ass-backwards from the couple and then stops in front of the statues glowing from the dully moonlight. He exhales with a smirk.  “We’re finally alone, Starra.” I sigh with danger.
“Is that good for you or me?” I flirt with my wink to Rann.
He raises an eyebrow, left, “I believe it’s a good thing for the both of us.”
“Is that so?” I tease for fun amusement placing a tiny piece of the white lobster in my mouth. The juices tinkle my taste buddies with pleasure, but not as much as Rann tinkles my other body parts, “The food is delicious.”
“Thank you!” He remarks as I amuse him as his ‘Prisoner of War’ for a second time.

I mentally flash backwards into the third alien timeline when I was Rann’s captured prisoner and tried to escape four times and failed each time.

I mentally flash present, within the seventh alien timeline. I stare at him.
Rann wipes his two hands and all his finger pads clean on the wet cloth smiling with his new proposal. “Do you enjoy dancing, Starra?”
“I love to dance especially with a partner of equal skill.” I muse.
“I do too.”
I clean my hands and fingers from the delicious, juicy meal on a wet cloth with mild soap bubbles leaning over into his space, wearing a smear. “Well, I am your prisoner here on the island. Am I allowed to dance with you, sir? That most certainly would be pleasure instead of pain for an inmate, on an isolated and confined island.” I wink playfully and toss the dirty cloth down into my empty plate. I sigh with adventure.
He winks. “Well, I am the prince here on this island. A person, including a prisoner, can experience the emotion of pleasure, as well as, harsh toil of work here on my island while I am the prince.”
My inner emotions skyrocket to the moon in both innocence and love. I sigh with true love.
He slowly stands and stares down at Starra extending his palm, assisting her to stand. He cuddles her body then spins around slowly moving away to the dinner table, the row of statues, and towards Sun Island. “Thank you for accommodating me to dinner tonight along with our stimulating conservation together. This has been a truly memorable night for…”
“…us…” I grin with a girly giggle. I sigh with patience.

Alien Day 139


Noble Island
Pink-tinted sand grains and pale blue sky
Sizzling sunlight without clouds at 88ºF
7th hour (early morning)


My second day of paradise…naw…prison. I have found the perfect spot lying in the warm salty ocean waves on top of the pink-tinted sand grains within a bright, heated sunrays warming my fading suntanned body in a new swim gear…naw…prison uniform. I giggle with my two shut eyelashes.
The row of man-made pink-tinted villas stand diagonally from my resting body. The wind sings with a light breeze. An individual sea birds either fly around the skyline or stand on the sands looking for their breakfast meal. I have already eaten my breakfast meal as I am always hungry as an alien princess living within an unknown universe. I sign with amusement.
“Good morning,” Rann stands beside Starra and greets with a smile holding a tall paper-made tumbler.
“Hi there,” I open my two eyelashes and smile back at Rann.
He snaps fingers. Sbot floats over him holding a tray with six different heights of paper-made tumblers. I slowly stand upright with the assistance of Rann and grab the tallest tumbler hoping this is not a beverage of Fizz.
The day is going to become hotter. The weather pattern is 95 degrees Fahrenheit of heat without clouds and lots of sunny hot rays to tan my fading body in the afternoon.
I down the beverage in three gulps tasting cold, sweet orange juice. I grab a second glass from the tray gulping down the contents.
“You are up very early in the morning, Starra, darling,” he frowns at her then looks up surveying the miles of ocean waters and heated sunrays too.
I grab a third tumbler of juice and reach out with my foot splashing water on his feet while giggling with amusement. “O! The daylight rays summed me from a deep slumber, sugar.” I continue to splash water on Rann.
He retaliates back and splashes her naked toes, “We can swim in the lagoon and work on your tan.”
I continue to send more water onto his body for my fun, “I thought there were nasty aquatic sea creatures in the lagoon, sweetheart.”
“That is only a myth.” He leans over and cuddles her arms while sweet breathing into her eardrum.
I huff for fun, “O! I see you have fibbed to me.”
“I don’t want you to escape from me and my island, my love.” He softly chuckles.
I elbow his rib cage and huff in frustration sliding sideways a few inches, feeling insulted. “Escape! Where in the planet would have to escape to, sir? You must need a pair of correction eyeglass, darling. We are both surrounded by miles of deep blue colored, salty, cold ocean water, dear,” I tease then smile.
“What are the eyes…glass…glasses?” He frowns at her. I gasp in shock using my earthing humor then spin around slowly moving back to the row of villas, acting like I am personally insulted.
He gasps in shock then spins around chasing after Starra, pulling beside her, wearing a smile. “I didn’t mean to cause harm. You tend to vanish from my eyesight, when I am not cuddling on to your body, darling,” he cuddles her. I sigh with true love.
I nod several times and stare at the row of villas, “Well, I like to disappear for a while, before re-surfacing again.” I taunt with my sexy fun.
“Hmm! I must remember that fact in our future engagements.” He chuckles and cuddles her body walking in a northernly direction towards the coral-red reef bridge.
I do not like to read his emotions or his open mind, like a Tele Mistress as I like to become surprise and delighted as a new romantic couple. So, I perform a T-probe using my teleclairvoyance on my second day within my new environment.
I see an intact bridge this time over the ocean waters. I smile, “Are we going to visit Luna Island, again, this morning, darling?”
He shakes his curls and frowns ticking her waistline. “The black tinted solid rock formations and matching sand grains are both welcoming during the cold night temperatures, not during the heated day time hours. Tok recorded the weather temperatures over 130 degrees on Luna Island which is hot even to melt the skin tissue.” He touches a newly glowing golden skin with his five fingertips on my left hand. “However, you seem to suntan your body easily, not sunburn.”
“Can’t stand the heat, huh, sugar? I can stand lots and lots and lots of sweat, heat, and activity,” I giggle with silliness.
He pulls her closer into his naked chest. “Sun Island is the play spot for sweat, heat, and fun activity during the day. A single hovercraft is not permitted on the island except for the smaller version of a ski water bike.”
I allow his information to bombard my mind and my soul. I am too occupied with Rann ignoring the beautiful ocean island. I release my tele mind and explore the island.
Behind my fanny, Noble Island contains pink-tinted sands and three matching pink-tinted structures. Ahead of my face, Sun Island comprises yellow-tinted sand grains and miles of ocean water.
Slightly to the side of my rear fanny, Luna Island is covered in black hue. Feeling with my telepathy skills, I can see waves of heated plumes of evaporated salt and moisture in the air coming from the sizzling heated sunrays.
Rann stands beside me on Coral Island that glitters white tinted sand grains.
“This place is truly paradise,” I whisper for my eardrums only and continue to hold his hand, surveying the pretty day and the miles of open water. “I’m willing to swim for fun,” I stop at the edge of the water and wiggle with a light dance sounding with a set of girly giggled. I sigh with true love.
Rann stands besides Starra and snaps his fingers while staring at the water, the sky, and the sands. Several feet away from Rann, a single Sbot floats on the edge of the seashore staring into the vast ocean waters then rapidly fly-ass-backwards from the ocean waves.
I hear the motors on the robot then twist my bone skull viewing the robot, returning to the water, and then view the robot. I sigh with worry.
The robot is floating at the edge of the seashore like a guard. I open my Tele mind and perform a T-probe seeing a robot on the other tiny islands in a guard pose also. I return and scan the skies, the clouds, the waters, and the sands for something odd. I sigh with concern.
Sbot flies forward and tows two ski bikes parking on the sands. Rann bumps into Starra and wears a smile, moving ahead towards up on the ski bikes, “Mount up!”
I gasp in shock and whisper for my eardrums only, turning to stare at his back spine, “What!” Then I return to reality and enjoy the beach paradise smiling at Rann, “Yes, sir,” I race to the other the ski bike tossing my leg over a banana-shaped seat of yellow hue. I reach down and race the hand gear that controls the motor sounding with a loud roar without moving the ski bike. I turn and wink to Rann while giggling with the fun adventure.
Rann races the motor also for fun and instructs. “About 1,001 feet from here, there is a large red tinted flag on top of a shallow sand barge. The first sea bike to the sand barge wins our race.”
I wink, “Wins what for first place, sugar?”
“Hmm! I don’t know. But he wins,” he smiles.
I grin. “She wins.”
“Maybe.”
“Definitely!” I laugh.
“Sbot, start the race,” Rann ordered.
This is so much fun competing in another race with Rann, not a death race either, but a love race. I narrow my two eyelashes at Sbot that holds small white cloth napkin in a metal limb of three mechanic fingers. I sigh with fun.
“Select your mark! Ready! Set! Go!” Sbot drones in its mechanical voice.
I gun the control handle. The sea craft soars over green water like tossing a pebble stone across a calm lake with my speed hovers at 40 miles-per-hour. The sand barge is a mile away. I press the handle again hearing the vroom sound from the small, powerful engine. I am walking on water.
I whisper for my eardrums only, “This place is so much fun in true paradise.”
I fly over white foams of greenish-blue hue from rows of two feet high oceans waves igniting the thrusters heading upwards towards the clouds while avoiding a small tidal wall. If I fully submerge the ski bike into the depths of the ocean salt water, then I might be swimming back to the shore.
Or I have a special feeling that Rann will come and rescue me riding with him his sea bike. I laugh out loud with my grand idea.
Rann is in the lead and ahead by ten feet from Starra.
I smile and twist the race handle forward inserting more speed from the engine on the ski bike. I pass Rann leading the race. I sigh with victory.
Then a tall, unstoppable deep blue-tinted tidal wave hits me and my ski bike. I swiftly shift the ski bike upright in the air losing both fast speed and short distance.
Rann easily passes Starra heading towards the sand bar first. He is set to win the race.
No!” I shout with frustration and land back down in the water swiftly speeding far behind him. I should use all my awesome Tele powers to win but that is never fair on a non-Tele person. I wanna to win using with my other Starra talents. I sigh with deflations.
Rann hits the golden-tinted sand barge, before Starra, sliding his bike over the grains, jumping off the seat. He dances around the sands waving and flinging both arms, both hands, and one leg at a time for his victory of the love race. I sigh with defeat.
He has won the race fair and square while I have lost the race both fair and square. I shift the gear to a lower speed flying into the sand barge as the last racer in the race. I do not want to hit Rann or his vehicle even though I am mad that I have lost the sea craft competition. I sigh with sadness.
I park my ski bike slowly tossing my leg from the seat, standing with a sad face in total defeat. I don’t compliment the winner either.
Rann continues to dance in semi-round circles kicking out his naked feet, shuffling his body and limbs side to side and blasts golden sand grains on his body and in the air. “I won. I’m the greatest ski biker in the universe,” sings Rann with a happy baritone timber.
He’s happy while I’m happy for him. I have to be a good sport about this childish game. After all, I’m still his prisoner on the island paradise.
I attack glowering in a mean alien attitude while standing in place slapping golden sands over my naked feet. “Actually, Sbot won the race. It was the first to arrive here on the sand barge.” I pointed to the robot that hovers beside the upright pole with the red flag and nod my wet curls several times wearing a grin.
Rann stops dancing and faces Starra slowly strutting to her, wearing a smile.
I stand in the middle of the sand bar and fold my two naked arms over my breasts.
He stops and stands a few inches from her face placing his arms around her collar bones, “Now! Now! Sbot was not included in the race, only you and me. I was the first racer to the sand barge. I win.”
I exhale then nod with a sour frown, “You win. So, I’m the lousiest sea biker in the universe.” My mental thoughts flow backwards to the beginning of this alien timeline.


After I crash-landed the ancient earthling space shuttle on a thriving Planet Bonita for the seventh time, I was stunned with a maser ray and then handcuffed with metal chains on my two wrist bones and then threatened by the Empress of the Universe with a death act for trespassing on Dirk’s planet.

Then I did both Rita and Rann a huge favor by ending the nasty and horrible Galactic Civil War on both sides of the universe.

Then I was beaten, kidnapped, blindfolded, and abducted to a private isolated island in the middle of an ocean, on a damaged world.


I mentally flash present, within the seventh alien timeline. Finally, after seven times, I am all alone with the love of my life. The only action I have gotten from him is a smile and a slight touch with his finger pads on my two naked collar bone. I sigh with true love.
I truly love Rann and have not forgotten our love and our romance since the second alien timeline. But he has and does and continues to forget about me, our romance and our true love, since I keep getting dead and then keep coming back alive starting a new space and time continuum. Then I have to keep winning Rann back from the other pretty girls…naw…pretty me. I sigh with bitterness.
He possesses a couple of special Tele powers, too as he can feel and sense my lovely depressed and unhappy state of body and mind. He wears a distorted face of confusion and puzzlement then he smiles, “How about another race back to the shoreline?”
I say, “Really!”
He nods his curls that do not move, since the hair strands are glued down onto his neck muscles and says sweetly, “Of course, I’ll give you another chance to redeem yourself. What do you say, darling?”
“Yes. Yes. Yes. I’d like to redeem myself.”
He leans into her space and provides a stream of sweet breathes on her nose, “Will that make you happy, dear?”
I smile and sing in timber, “Yes. Yes. Yes. It will,” I back step first from Rann and spin around dashing to my ski bike first for an upcoming second race. We load on the seat lining up at the sandy shoreline.
“Are you ready, Starra?” Rann smiles at her and revs the small engine.
“I’m ready and able to defeat you, Rann.” I smile back without the noise.
“Sbot, start the second race,” he orders.
Sbot floats beside the flagpole and faces Rann then fly-ass-backwards from the pole circling around the sand barge, passing in front of Starra and Rann then safely halts a few feet from Rann. The bot faces Rann and Starra hovering over the sands and standing parallel to the ocean waters. It lifts the small white tinted cloth in the air.
I frown and observe the machine wondering if the forward motion application on the robot is malfunctioning or flawed or non-existence. I sigh with confusion.
“Ready! Set! Go!” Sbot drops the flag.
Rann slides down into the water first.
I gasp in alarm hearing the hum of the second engine then view the back spine on Rann. “Show off!” I moan with defeat again in last place and jerk the handle forward in a hard hand embrace. I’m going to win the second bike race to the shoreline. I don’t look back to see the robot or the sand barge steering straight ahead for the yellow-tinted sandy seashore. I sigh with victory.
I do not access my awesome Tele power but push the engine power on the ski bike slowly passing Rann in the water and then land on the sand grains first yelling out loud my victory. “I win!” I jump off the seat and dance around the sands. I sigh with silliness.
Rann slams his bike into the sands and slides of the seat racing ahead, colliding into Starra. He swings her around and shouts out loud, “You are the victor of the race!” He halts the twirl and pulls back smiling at Starra, since he has allowed her to win the second race as he is a good sport and a popular prince.
I stare into his smile and hang into his arms. “Well, that race too easy for me. I suggest another run to the sand barge. The winner gets both titles.”
He grins and bobs his wet curls. “All right. I want another chance to steal all the titles from you, lady.”
“You can try, sir,” I flirt back without the kissing action but greatly desire the kissing action, leaning into his face.
He quickly jerks back and releases Starra spinning around to face his bike, jogging to the machine for the third race event.
I rush to my ski bike and slide onto the seat watching the ripping waves, the fluttering flag, and the floating clouds while pondering Rann’s weird behavior. I sigh with puzzlement.
Rann stares at the sand barge and orders. “Sbot, again, if you please!”
Sbot had followed behind the two citizens without disturbing the race or perturbing the prince. The machine hovers over the sands and stands parallel to the waters, dropping the flag. “Ready! Set! Go!”
I soar off the sands first and fly a few inches in the air splashing down in the warm waters getting more water on my body. I skim the top of the waves for fun and show. Rann is close, not too close watching me and is going to let me win again. So, he is interested in me. I sigh with true love.
I gun the handle forward and reach the sands first sliding off the seat, dancing around the sands and shout out loud. “Victor of all the water races. Me! Me! Me!”
He lands on top of the sand barge and slides off the seat strutting ahead to Starra and then stops chuckling at her. “All right! I admit. You are the victor of all the water races.” He opens his arms and nods with a grin at her silly dance moves.
I twirl around and then leap into his open arms, like usual, without thinking. He catches and swirls Starra around in a circle then halts, pulling her into a tighter embrace and finally leans down kissing her parted lips. I sigh with true love.
Our kiss is deep and passionate then we surface. I sigh with shyness.
“Thank you,” I whisper with a smile.
“If you act this way with all your victories, we should compete more often.” He chuckles.
“I agree. What other competitions are we engaging, today?”
“I’ll have to think about that one. But, in the meantime, we can continue to celebrate this victory for you.”
“I wholeheartedly agree,” I kiss his smile. I don’t want this love action to end ever. I want this alien timeline to continue foreverly. Rann and I together on an ocean island, in the middle of the planet. I sigh with true love.

Alien Day 140


Coral Island location
White tinted sands and light green ocean waters
Sizzling heated sunrays without clouds at 105 F
7th hour (early morning)


Rann and I stroll over a new red tinted coral bridge wearing a swimming suit, of course. Our naked toes touch the white tinted sands and as our eyeballs view the light green ocean waves. The air sounds like salt. The light wind brushes our hair strands. The blistering sunlight tans our bodies.
He smiles. “Welcome to Coral Island!” We continue to cuddle in the hot air temperatures making our bodies sweat. The white sand grains almost twinkle like numerous individual diamonds in the bright sunlight. Sbot marches behind Rann observing something or maybe recording something.
I do not trust the robots, unless I can disassembly and then reassembly the machines using my own set of happy computer programs. I sigh with evil.
Rann points to the ocean waves. “The Coral Island sea characters are unique. Well, each one of the islands is a unique setting. I bet you didn’t study this at Uni.”
“I bet I didn’t.” I softy giggle at his statement as I am not a native but an alien. I sigh with secret.
He continues to cuddle and sweat on Starra slowly strolling in the sand grains, pointing at the waters, the sands, and the skies.
I smile and enjoy the moment with Rann studying the waters, the sands, and the skies too.
He said. “When we played in the ocean waters on Sun Island, did you note the temperature of the waters? The water was really warm and a little uncomfortable after playing on the sea bikes for hours. We were taking breaks and slurping down cold beverages unless we left the yellow-tinted sands and headed back to the villas for our dinner hour.
I nod with a grin. “Yes.”
“And did you note the cold ocean waves slapping the pink-tinted shoreline on Noble Island?”
I gasp in shock recalling the cold temperatures while lying out. I did not carry to stand in the ocean waves as the wind coupled with the water was too cold on my body. “Yes.”
“Now, we did not skinny dip off the ocean waters from the black-tinted shoreline on Luna Island.”
“No.” I giggled.
“The ocean waters are extremely cold slapping the shoreline on Luna Island.”
I smile, “That’s interesting.”
He nods with a smile and continues to wave his hand in the air, “That’s geology. This is a geological explanation for the varying water temperatures on each island. Surrounding Sun Island, there is a thick band of sand barges that goes way down into the ocean floor. The sand barges are walkable during low tide, but you can swim out there during high tides and still walk on top of the sand barges along with the flying fish. The other sea mammals do not come near the sand barges without getting stranded or harmed. So, we enjoyed our day playing around the sand barges and the water was warm. Within the large circle of sand barges, six miles down, the ocean floor is comprised of volcanos that are not active but spit out plumes of heated steam. The heated steam slowly raises through the water and heats the water molecules. Thus, the water temperature is heated at Sun Island.
“That same circle of sand barges that goes way down to the ocean floor also cuts off all the white-tinted plumes of heated steam from Noble Island. So, the water temperature is always cold-feeling. Since Luna Island is farther away from Sun Island with its heated steam, the water temperature is very cold. Also, each island possesses its own set of sea animals and mammals depending on the mammal’s biological and chemical body.
“Now, we’re squashing our toes onto the white-tinted sand grains on Coral Island. The name comes from the coral reefs, not Tok’s imagination.” He chuckles with Starra. “I know that you are a farm girl, not a sea maiden. A coral reef is the aquatic home to all the aquatic animals. The reef is teaming with life forms that live, thrive and eat off the underworld plants.” Rann halts and smiles at the ocean waters cuddling and sweating on Starra. Sbot stops beside Rann like an obedience machine to its master.
He taps the sand grains. “On the Coral Island, the sand grains are the white tinted and very hot to the touch, but the ocean water is cool, not cold as the ocean waters are slightly heated from some of the stream plumes slipping through the sand barge wall that surrounds the ocean volcanoes. I personally find the Coral Island weather as the right temperature mix. The air molecules are sizzling hot from a western sunset and the water is very cool. Honestly, the sun movement shines on the islands all at the time as the island is flat. Here on Coral Island, the sunrays really shine the mostest.”
“I can feel the hotness and coolness also,” I dip my toes into the water and lift my fingers into the air waves while giggling at Rann’s geology lesson.
He smiles. “The ocean water is colored in light green because the coral reefs that stretch miles from the shoreline are colored in an orange-pink tone. So, orange reefs and blue waters makes the color green.”
“Sire, the color mixture of orange tint and blue color becomes a red hue. And each coral reef is painted in a yellow-pinkish tone by Mother Nature. Thus, the yellow hue beaming off the reef colonies and the blue ocean waters create a lovely pale green hue among the ocean waves.”
“Thanks.” He fakes his smile. “And each coral reef is made from a series of oyster beds.”
The robot drones, “Sire, a coral reef is a biotic reef type, which includes oyster reefs, but it is mostly composed of depositions of sand, wave erosion from rock, built by the interaction of organism and their environment with contribution to the macroscopic skeletal framework you are viewing under the ocean...”
“Thanks.” He says. The bot holds on its metal body the tent supplies, sacks of food items, tubes of cold beverages, a rack large clean towels, and the dive gear. 
I softy giggle. Rann is trying to impress me, but the robot is doing a better job. “I see.” I giggle.
He says, “Oyster beds produce...”
“…baby oysters…” I giggle.
“And they also hold baby pearls,” he smiles.
“That’s fascinating.”
“Sbot, retrieve an oyster shell.” He orders.
Sbot floats over the sands standing beside Rann and does not move into the ocean waters lifting a flap on its bottom compartment. A very long, metal, silver-tinted pole extends over the green waves then halts, dropping down in the water. Five seconds later, its metal limb surfaces with the pole and covered in slimy oyster shells.
Yuck-o!
Sbot pulls the pole towards its metal body.
I swallow the bitter bile back down my tight throat and whisper to Rann, “I am not really hungry for food at the moment.”
“All right! We can have fresh oyster meat for our dinner meal later tonight.” He nods his wet curls. Sbot drops the oyster shells on top of the sands.
“Okay,” I softy moan as I am not eating one piece of raw oyster meat. I sigh with messy.
“Open it,” Rann orders.
“Yes, Sire,” Sbot opens a different compartment on its front metal body and releases a second metal limb, like an arm with metal fingers prying the shell loose and then hands the open smelly mollusk to Rann.
Rann smiles holding the shellfish his open palm then pulls an object from the gray, gummy tongue. He presents the object to Starra, “The oyster has created a golden pearl to match your beautiful golden skin, darling.”
“You’re so sweet. Thank you, Rann!” I hold the pearl and stand on my tippy toes, kissing his lips then I surface for air.
He smiles. “You’re very welcome, Starra, sweetheart. Let’s go and uncover colorful silky pearls for your body, darling. The pearl cultivation process requires a floating piece of mussel to enter the oyster’s bed...”
“Sire, an oyster produces one pearl from an invading piece of grit with nacre. Over a three to six seasons, the grit spec is covered with enough nacre to form what you are describing as a pearl. There are many different types, shapes and colors of pearls. This depends on the pigment of the invading piece of girt being covered over by the mollusk...”
“Thanks, Sbot,” he frowned. I giggle as Rann shows off, not the robot.


I mentally flash backwards, within the second alien timeline, when I discovered Rann’s mysterious and deadly past.

He was birthed and lived on Planet Resort, before his murder trial, conviction, and sentencing of killing another Resort citizen sentenced him to serve a life term on the Prison Planet called Sahara.

Before his untimely death, his biological parents worked as a pair of boat captains that lived and sailed the Resort ocean waters for food and fun.


I mentally flash present, within the seventh alien timeline, Rann is very knowledgeable about water boats, sea, and marine life, and pearls growing up here on the Resort Ocean.
“I see…” and giggle at pearl.
Sbot drones, “Sire, a pearl bed is found in numerous pockets around ocean reefs. A pearl comes in different shapes and colors, such like, white, blue, red, gold…”
“I see,” I compliment the robot.
Rann ignores the humming noise from the robot and leans off jerking pieces of dive equipment from its metal body, turning to smile at Starra. “Here we go!” He dresses in a pair of water flippers and a breathing mask for their upcoming water snorkeling adventure, swimming around the yellow-pinkish coral reef while hunting for pearl beds. He holds out a pair of dive flippers to Starra.
I do not accept the dive equipment but perform a Tele probe on his open mind that contains mental thoughts of me, my safety, and his treasure find of pearls. Then I disconnect the Tele link and whine. “I must go into the water…” I stare at a pair of diver flippers.
He flips each rubber item in the air then chuckles, “Yes, we must go into the water. Each pearl is hidden inside the internal guts of the oyster shell located under the water, darling,” Rann nods with a smile.
I am a girl from a farm located on Starbuck Plantation, on Planet Earth, in the Milky Way Galaxy. My farm has fresh water in the form of ponds, lakes, and streams without ocean sharks, eels and tall wet, sea weeds. The water feeds the streams for drinking water in the dirt wells and troughs for the land animals on my farm.
“I don’t like water, Rann.” I sigh with panic.
“Everyone loves water, Starra, darling,” he slides one rubber flipper into her open palm then shifts her dive gear into his free hand, grabbing her other hand, slowly leading them towards the waves that covers their toe bones.
“Naw! Not every person,” I frown and dug my heels into the soft sands.
“Naw! What’s that a word or a sound?” He chuckles and man-pulls Starra deeper into the ocean waves covering their feet.
“Both! That’s my Bonita slang for both.” I back step from his pull and expose my feet to the sunrays again.
“Well, all I can say is that Planet Bonita produces a group of very usual citizens, Starra, and the planet is a dry continent, but there are a few water ponds. Didn’t you swim in the pond as a child?” He smiles and pulls her into the waves covering her feet again.
“Yes, I do believe so,” I honestly lie again as I can’t remember if I enjoyed swimming as a child. But I don’t like water. I take a shower, not a bath in the lavatory tub. I slowly back step and expose my toes and whine more. “I like land. I like lots and lots of solid land that does not wiggle underneath my naked feet, not wiggling water. I like air too. I like lots and lots of fresh air filling my healthy lungs, not suffocating wiggling water.”
He continues to hold and pull her forearm saying with a smile, “You don’t breathe the water, darling. You’re supposed to hold your breath for a few seconds, so we can dive down and swim around and find the oyster shells and see all the colorful fishes around the reef, Starra.”
“I don’t know about this, Rann.” I dig my heels into the soft sand without moving closer into the waves. Each wave covers my feet.
“Step into the warm water, sweetheart,” he jerks ahead then spins around tugging her forehead. She stumbles forward into his chest standing in oceans waves that hit their kneecaps. He smiles. “The fishes don’t bite your ankles or your hands.” He laughs.
I exhale with annoyance at him and the fish. “I’m not afraid of fish, but I am afraid of the water.”
He looks down and views the aquatic life that swims around the shallow water. “Awe! So cute! I see angel fishes with their soft flurry wings.”
Sbot continues to hold the dive gear, tent supplies and refreshments and flies beside Rann observing the water, the skies, and the sands. “Fins.”
Rann continues to stare down into the pale green tinted ocean water, “I see gold fishes with soft fins,” he cuddles her tight from escaping.
“I can see all of them from right here, too, Rann, so we don’t need…” I struggle between his biceps and stare at his chest. I sigh with fear.
“There are lots of different colored fishes to see,” he holds her tight and teases her neurons, like a small child.
Sbot drones, “A scientific research study by Marquis Tok has tallied 535 coral species, representing 75 percent of all known species. In addition, the study found 828 fish species previously unrecorded in these ocean waters, raising the total number of fish and organism species for Coral Island and the surrounding reef habitats to 1,072.”
He turns and sneers at Sbot, “Enough!”
“I see…” and giggle at the Resort duel comedy routine.
“Sbot, leave us now and go setup the tent and refreshments!” Rann orders. Sbot executes a flight pattern ass-backwards away from both Rann and Starra then halts slowly setting up the items for the humans. He returns and smiles at Starra.
“I don’t wanna go and see the fish.” I jerk backwards, without using my Tele powers, and carry both of us away from the ocean waves stopping on top of the heated sand grains and exposed our toe bones to the sunrays.
He exhales with annoyance and determination, presenting a smile to Starra, “You’re almost in the water, darling. Just one more step, then we can dive down and swim with the fishes.” He pulls her body as they slide back into the ocean waves up to their ankle bones.
“I don’t know about this diving thing,” I dig my heels into the soft sand grains and refuse to move.
“Another step,” he jerks her body forwards with a smile and a heavy grunt while advancing them back into the ocean waves that covered their shins.
“I cannot do this!” I cry out in fear.
“You can. I’m going to aid you every step of the way deeper into the water,” he chuckles as warm salt ocean reaches their kneecaps. I sigh with panic.
“I don’t think so.”
“Take a large step!” he instructs while tugging on both of her forearms.
I possess a very small body frame compared to his tall frame. He can lift and fling me in the air with my Tele powers and then drop me down in the ocean for his fun, but Rann is a gentleman. I feel better holding onto his forearms participating within this new splashing exercise. The ocean waves touch the bottom of my bikini as I’m exhibit one-third length within my wet body. I sigh with panic.
“I wanna to go back,” I protest in fear.
“This is supposed to be fun.” He grunts again struggling with Starra in the water.
“Fun for whom?” I moan in fear.
“One more step. You’re half wet and ready for diving,” he performs a man tug.
I fall into his chest. The sand stops, I mean, the sand floor drops below my naked toe bones and waves slap my naked throat. I lean into Rann and shout in his face. “I’m drowning.”
“I’m holding you upright in the water. You’re fine. I’m fine. Now, start kicking with your feet!” He instructs. I obey and kick with both of my legs back and forth through the thickness of the heavy water smiling at his face. He fiddles with the snorkeling gear as I hold onto his collar bone with my ten finger pads giggling in his face. Rann praises, “You’re floating and swimming. Good girl.”
I giggle in his face, “I’m done swimming for the day, sweetheart. So, are we finished for the day? Good. Let’s go and get some cold beverages, darling.”
“Naw!” He chuckles. “We’re diving down into the deep ocean, next, darling.”
“Dive? I just learned to swim, a few seconds ago,” I gasp in fear.
“You’re a quick study, sweetheart. I can tell these things.” He winks at her.
I still in alarm then gasp in shock, “You can, can you? Are you tell…?”
“Yes, I am. I can tell your future. You’re not going to drown as long as I’m with you, darling.”
I gasp in shock. “Do you really promise?”
He places the dive mask over her skull letting it hang around her throat muscles then pulls Starra closer into his chest expressing both love and protection. He whispers with a smile, “I promise, darling. Now, lift your foot in the air. I’ll slip on your flipper, babe.”
I feel safe and secure inside his arms then smile. I shove my foot in the air leaning into his chest, hanging onto his neck, like a leech. I sigh with true love.
I truly don’t know how to swim recalling my historical fact. I giggle with silliness the lightly blow a string of sweet breathes into his eardrum for my sexy fun. I do not like water and do perform upright showers, not a sitting bath. And I do live on a farmland and have never viewed ocean waters, much less diving underneath the ocean waves by feet or skull first. So, I’m not fibbing.
He roughly places a webbed rubber flipper on her foot. “The other foot…”
I obey without tearing away from his warm, hot, wet, heated muscled chest. “Thank you,” I release a stream of sweet breathes into his eardrum.
He softly chuckles. “You’re very welcome. That was easy. Place the dive mask over your pretty face, like so,” Rann slides the dive mask onto her face enlarging both of her two eyeballs and nose bridge.
I hang onto his body and gingerly flap both of my legs on top of the water. I don’t want this action to end but don’t want to tour the coral reefs either. But Rann wants to go and I go with him. I sigh with true love.
Rann dons the snorkeling mask and then gently shoves Starra from his chest, slightly waving the snorkeling mouthpiece in the air and then hits his cheekbone. “Are you ready?”
“I’m ready,” I float on top of the water and smile slapping the snorkeling mouthpiece near my cheekbone.
“You’re a very brave girl, darling. I’ll have to reward you this afternoon.” He smiles.
I gasp in shock, “Reward me! How do you plan to do that, sweetheart?” I giggle and wink at my man.
“Place the mouthpiece into your lips. We’re going to descend two feet below the air surface. Hold me hand! Don’t let go of my hand!” He places the mouthpiece near his lips and extends his hand. I slide the mouthpiece into my lips and grab his hand. He stares at Starra, “On the count of three, take a big gulp of air. One, two, three, breathe in air,” he sucks in a string of fresh oxygen molecules. I suck a stream of oxygen molecules holding the air inside my two healthy lungs waddling in the water.


I mentally flash backwards, into the fourth alien timeline, when I dived to the bottom of the ocean on Planet Bonita, because Dirk threatened to assassin Rann.

I retrieved a newly created black diamond for an evil Dirk and then gave it to him. He got me last, when a sea monster ate me for its lunch meal.


I mentally flash present, within the lovely seventh alien timeline. I jerk my hand from his tight gripe and perform an upright glide backwards using my telekinesis like a boat then land upright on top of the glittering sand grains.
Rann gasps in shock then views the shoreline seeing Starra, looking down at his hand and then returns to see her again. He frowns with confusion, slowly swims towards the shoreline, and then paddles on top of the sands stopping in front of her. He removes the dive mask and the mouthpiece dropping both items on top of the sands, saying with a worried brow to Starra, “What’s wrong? What happened? What! Did something happen?”
I slide the mask off and expose my freckles and tears, dropping the mask and the mouthpiece on top of the sands, studying the deep dark parts of the Resort Ocean. “Are you certain that there is not a single sea monster down there?” I wrap both of my arms around my body and scan the waters without using my Tele powers as they do not function while I am distressed or stressed or scared.
He smiles then softly chuckles leaning over, embracing her and whispers into her eardrum. “I am very sorry for telling you that teasing bit of bad humor. I lived here. I grew up here. There is not one sea creature in the ocean. I promise. Cross my heart. Do you believe me?” He pulls back then nods with a sweet grin.
My eyeballs return and view a smiling face on Rann. I nod with acknowledgement. “I believe you.”
“Good. Do we dare make a second go for a dive, darling?” He leans over and kisses her forehead pulling back with a grin then squats down grabbing two dive masks and hands one to Starra.
“Okay.” I accept and replace my dive mask on my face along with Rann grabbing his extended hand, leaving the mouthpiece behind on top of the sands. We slowly waddle in our dive flippers towards the ocean waves as each wave hits a new body part.  I sigh with panic.
I close my two gray-tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Don’t breathe out! Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.

There is not a sea monster.

I feel his hand tighten around my fingers and sense each ocean wave before it hit my chest then my throat muscles then it covers my bone skull. My hair flies around my skin and my dive mask. Rann slowly leads us further down into the deeps of the ocean waves. I open my two eyelashes inside the plastic dive mask seeing a short mountain with peaks of orange-pinkish rock reef in different geometric shapes and deep hollow pockets teeming with crayon-colored marine life.
Tons of rainbow colors reflect off the coral stones coming from ultraviolet light formed by sunrays. The surrounding water is calm and clear in blue hue. I can see far away distances through the dive mask. I perform a Tele probe with my telepathy seeing and feeling all the mammals that swim miles away from Rann’s tiny island paradise. The sea critters mind their own affairs, such as, eating, preying, sleeping, and nursing their young critters.
This place is truly paradise too.
Rann jerks her hand then points up to the surface for air molecules running out of energy. I wear a Tele shield around my body that holds a pocket of limited air supply for both my protection and sanity. I still do not like the ocean water or swimming or diving or snorkeling but Rann.
He uprights then swims to the water surface. We surface and pull off the mask breathing in a rich mixture of sea salty air molecules into a pair of tight lungs.
He smiles, “You did great. Look how happy you are now!” He leans over and kisses the wave as it hit her face.
I slap the wave back from my face with my telekinesis and actually hit Rann, softly giggling at the silly accident. I smile “Thank you. I have a great dive instructor to guide me and hold my hand.” I sign with true love.
He cuddles her. “I am so sorry. I didn’t want you to wander underwater. Are you too tired for another round of sightseeing?”
“I’m fine. I want to see more as long as I am with you.”
“Stay close! We’ll swim around the eastern side of the reef, take some of the treasures, and then resurface for more air.”
“Aye, aye, captain!” I giggle.
We replace the dive mask then head back into the ocean waves slowly diving into the warm water. The school of fish display a rainbow of colors matching the reflective colors on the mountain rows of coral reefs. When I try to touch a swimming fish within the pod, it jumps then scatters all the fish away from my hand. The little fish can sense my wavering fingertips with its gills and fins as I invade its sea space. I work with Rann stealing treasures including rough, slimy oysters, sea stars, and soft sponges. At the end of two hours, I have traveled five times down to the coral reef collecting stuff inside the netting sack and then resurface with Rann.
He smiles at her, “Me, hungry!”
“Me, hungry, too,” I smile.
We toss a wet netting sack full of treasures and swim towards the shoreline, standing up on the loose sandy soil then waddle from each breaking wave and land on top of the sand grains.
Rann stops first and exhales with exhaustion, “I say we call it a day. I’m pooped from carrying all your sea treasures.”
“I’m pooped watching you carry all my sea treasures.” I giggle and then slowly toss my sack at Rann. He reacts swiftly and catches her sack too standing in silence. I mosey ahead and call out to the robot. “Sbot, bring the tray of cold beverages. I thirst, after swimming with the fishes.” Sbot do not quickly react and hovers above the sand grains holding a tray of tall and small cold beverages. I glide by the robot and grab a tall beverage consuming the refreshing liquid.
Rann tosses both sacks down to the sand grains hearing two low thumps then chuckles, chasing after Starra, grabbing a cold beverage also.
I beat him to the shade, a clothed covered tent absorbing the beams of bright sun rays. I giggle and perform a Tele fling with the paper tumbler onto the soft side table of cloth that spills over the fabric. I slowly execute a priss ahead and roll my semi-nakedness around the pole on the single hammock.
Rann appears and stands at the edge of the open flap. “Nice move!” He laughs at her performance then move ahead rolling onto the hammock fabric finishing the beverage. I smile and slide my body to the side gently landing in-between his two biceps then our kissing action begins.



Eight hours later…

Luna Island
Black tinted rock and matching sand grains

7th hour (late evening)
Dark sky and twinkling stars at 85ºF

Wbot serves pan-fried wahoo, a fish from the ocean floor and other items. We sit on the top of a shared blanket without tickling our naked skin, our legs, on the soft sand grains.
I continue to eat without stopping or breathing.
Rann stares at Starra then softly chuckles. “You eat plenty of food for a noble lady.”
“I’m not a noble lady,” I say then spit out a stream of chewed food particles hitting my plate and then the rock table, without sliming Rann.
He leans into her space and smiles. “Do you wanna to become a noble lady?”
I swallow the lump of food and then gasp in shock at his naked proposal of marriage. I do not wanna seen too eager. “I am hungry working hardy this afternoon for all my newly uncovered treasure. Diving, diving, diving…”
He looks behind his collar bone and pretends to view the villa on Noble Island, where numerous net sacks hold a sea collection of items. He returns and smiles at her cheekbone, “What are you going to do with the seashells, star fish, sponges, and pearls?”
“Take them home,” I turn and wink with a mouth full of food.
“Well, I’ll need another boat to carry your private collection to the yacht.”
I swallow the food then nod, “That’s right! You brought me here against my will. I might add. Therefore, you have to provide transportation for my sea chest and me. Else, you’ll just have to leave me behind until the next yacht passes by.” I giggle.
“I feel obligated to aid your whim. I don’t want to leave you behind for Rita to find, do I?” He nods with a stern face.
Rita is not searching for me as I am her new friend within the current alien timeline. She’s after him, not me. I sigh with friendliness.
The full moon rays hit the black tinted sand grains but still illuminate the island scenery. I see miles of open ocean view, feel a warm sea breeze, and experience the cool temperatures. Rann looks so handsome with a new coat of coffee-colored suntanned skin on his muscular body and sculptured biceps and triceps. I sigh with lust.
Wbot performing one of its duties heating the coconut cream pie. I do miss my chocolate fix but feel happy and satisfied after swimming around the coral reefs.
I smile, “This is a queenly feast…”
“…for the Queen of the Universe…” He carefully lifts his paper goblet in the air and nods to Starra quickly drinking the smashed item. Rann surfaces and winks at Starra.
Wbot places the heated platter on top of the clears the used dishes and utensils from a rock table. I ignore the heated dessert then slowly stand wearing the black tinted bikini, snapping my fingers. Obot or orchestra robot hides at the edge of the large rock statues and queues a loud fanfare of musical notes that echoes across the landscape and the open waves to the sea monsters.
Yeah, there are sea monsters on the bottom of the sea.
Rann woofs down the dessert then cleans his lips with a napkin turning to stare into the darkness, hearing the music, without seeing the object.
I extend my hand and smile. “It’s time!”
“Time for what?” He repeats and continues to find the source of the lovely musical notes. Obot starts performing a slow dance song.
“Time to dance, sir,” I softly giggle.
“Dance!” He looks at Starra then smiles slowly standing from the shared blanket, shuffling towards Starra. He embraces then swirls her body around then halts smiling. We elegantly step our naked toes over the soft sand grains until the musical song halts.
I pose for the start of the next musical song. “Extend your arm straight!” He smiles at Starra then slowly stretches his arm into a straight line exposing his wrist bone to the moon beans.
I place my opposite arm parallel to his arm touching at both our shared wrist bones. Obot appears and quickly ties a long white-tinted, silk ribbon around both of our wrists pulling the bow very tight then fly-ass-backwards away from the couple. It stands in front of the rock statues.
Rann automatically tugs at the ribbon as his new wrist position is both uncomfortable and frightening. Then he smirks and violently jerks at the ribbon on his wrist bone with Starra’s.
I watch Rann and smile. “No. No. This is a new kind of dance, which is bound at the two different bone wrists tied by a single satin ribbon.”
“The pose is very unsettling,” he frowns at the bow on his wrist bone.
“Exactly!”
“What is the purpose of this dance, Starra?” He says to the bow ribbon.
“My purpose is to reveal all your secrets of spying to me,” I present a wicked smile.
He looks up and gasps in shock, “I’m not a spy,” he nods. “You’re the enemy and my hostage for sabotaging my scout fleet.”
I giggle with a nod wiggling our tied wrist bones, “I do confess. I did that.”
He smiles and pulls her into his chest, “You’re a very naughty girl, Starra.”
I giggle. “Are you going to punish me, Prince Rann?” He stares into her twinkling eyeballs, when the music plays a second slow stirring musical beat. My heart beats faster.
He jerks the ribbon up then it tightens around both our arms. I don’t feel pain, only pleasure staring into his dancing pupils. Rann stares and smiles at her.
I amuse him with my hidden talents.
He jerks his arm down to his side as the silk bow tightens for a second time. He stares and studies the ribbon, “This is a psychological game, not a dance.” He gasps in shock. “Where did you get the clever idea?”
“…from a clever event…” I smile without explaining my specific event.


I mentally flash backwards, into a sixth alien timeline, when I was captured by Rann and held inside his enemy camp.

Then we were not friends but danced together as tied by a white satin ribbon during the dance and dinner gala.


I mentally flash present into the seventh alien timeline, the music song plays a range of slow notes for cheek-to-cheek dancing.
Rann places his other arm around her waist pulling her closer to his chest. I feel his heat and warmth on my cheekbone against his left cheek. He whispers in her eardrum, “I enjoy playing psychological games.” He removes his sweet warmth from her face then gracefully swings Starra in a tight circle then halts, leaning over with a silly grin. “You dance like an angel, Starra.”
“Ditto!” I smile.
He chuckles then swings her forward then backward without twirling, because of the ribbon, and then stops. Rann poses with a smile, “You look stunning, Starra.”
“Ditto!” I repeat. We both softly chuckle.
Rann spins her to the right then the left leading them into a series of whirling circles and finally the music stops. He pulls her into his chest and then kisses ending the perfect night.

Alien Day 141


Noble Island
Pink tinted sand grains and blue ocean waters

Sunny day and pale blue sky at 90ºF
No rain and no clouds

13th hour (mid-afternoon)


I lean against the skinny rock-coated column on my villa wearing the dirty pink-tinted sundress and bitterly complain holding my summer heels in matching pink, “We’re leaving paradise today, right now, at this moment in time.” I sigh with depression.
Rann wears his white-tinted sleeveless vest, a pair of matching walking shorts, and a pair of naked feet. He stands with his back spine to Starra and waves his hand while shouting orders to the working bots. The bots work filling baskets with food and prepping the zipper ship with a set of new supplies.
I wanna to stay. “This spot is truly paradise.” I whisper for my eardrums, only. I sigh with sadness.
I am having tons of fun in the sun, without the greedy nobles and the nosy robots and a nasty Rita, only with a sweet loving Rann. “Can we come back here?” I ask.
He squats down on the sands and retrieves a pair of flip-flops, “Of course, we can come back after the Galactic Civil War has concluded with Rita.” He watches the robots leave the sands of Nobel Island and fly-ass-backwards towards the zipper parked on Sun Island.
I nag with annoyance. “Is that soon?”
“Very soonest,” he spins around with a smile and leans over, kissing her pink-painted lips, pulling back tasting the lip glass.

Note: Always bring lip gloss, girls!

I frown. “How do you know that, Rann?” I don’t believe his words as we walk on a pair of naked feet over the sands, the reef bridge, and onto the white tinted sand grains. I kick the sands for fun and see numerous brown-tinted wicker baskets on top of the grins but no zipper ship.
He smiles. “The nobles are meeting with Rita to discuss a truce right now. She’s badly losing the war, her currs, her resources, her support, and her spy,” he squeezes her hand and winks at Starra.
“I’m not a spy.” I refuse to view Rann and highly resent that vocal statement.
“Not since I captured you,” he cuddles Starra and kisses her cheekbone.
I smile and study with confusion a floating wooden boat bobbing within the shallow waves, “Is this good news?”
“This is great news!” He stops then lifts Starra into the boat, climbing inside, sitting beside her. He nods to the robot. Pbot operates the vessel with a metal steering column sailing towards a floating sea yacht.

Five minutes later, from the anchored wooden boat, on top of the calm ocean waters, I slowly tromp up each metal step hearing a different musical tone then softly giggle. We are expecting the company from the group of the snobby nobles the for the early supper meal. I stomp forward on the top deck then spin around landing on top of the bench seat, leaning back into the cushions. I jiggle my arms, hands, sandals, and butt cheeks finding that sweet spot on top of the padded fabric then squint my eyelashes at the bright sunlight trying to see any one of the thousands of solar sun flames or fires or flares of heated energy.
You are not supposed to do that as it causes blindness.
I close my two eyelashes and perform a Tele soar within my mind flying with the clouds and blend with the invisible air molecules. I go up and down bouncing against the clouds having a good time then side to side traveling with the warm current of the invisible wind hearing nothing but stillness. I sigh with calmness.
My mind glides towards the blueness of the atmosphere. Then my two eardrums hear the long sounds of whack, then whack, then whack.
“Shit!” I swiftly open my two eyelashes and view a shiny object within the blueness of beauty. “Rann, what’s that?” I point at the object.
“Rita!” He appears and grabs her forearm dragging Starra off the top deck. I sigh with panic.
“Rita?” I race backwards with worry and study the zipper ship. No! My Tele power cannot shoot down a flying object made of tons of steel materials outta of the sky like other superheroes.
“This way!” He releases her hand and exits the top deck rushing down a set of steps.
“This way?” I spin around and stumble down the steps hitting a vanilla-colored, concrete floor inside the belly of the sea yacht.
Rann pulls her into his armpit and rushes ahead. The hallway aisle feels cold along with the steel-coated walls to my exposed toe bones while Rann is heated and hot against my body.
I feel the shifting ocean waves below the bow. I’m raised on solid, non-moving land, not wiggling water waves. The movement and sensations are funny to my tummy like a seasickness motion. I don’t wanna throw up green vomit on Rann’s arm.
He turns the wall corner and stops in front of modified zipper ship for two people. I sigh with adventure.
“O! You got us a getaway machine!” I smile.
He does not comment and motions to the passenger side. “Hop in!”
I dash around the nose cone then stop in front of the door, lifting the hatch, sliding down into the smooth leather seat and smell the newness of the starship. I click the net webbing around my body.
Rann works and presses a series of tiny buttons. The rear doors open flooding the enclosed compartment with ocean water.
A wall of ocean submerges our sea craft completely in an atmosphere of dark murky sea. I hate water as I do not take a bubble bath, only an upright shower. I’m a farm girl smelling the air, seeing the sky, tasting the soil. I sigh with intense panic.
He presses the gears, “We’re going to be alright, Starra. Rita and the nobles didn’t see eye-to-eye about ending the terrible Galactic Civil War. So, I get my way and end the war my way.” Rann laughs and eases the sea ship from the yacht compartment into the dark ocean. The sea ship slowly moves forward.
My acute eyeballs see reflective colors coming from the surface beams of fade yellow-tinted sun light, bits of blue-tinted sky, parts of indigo-colored yacht plates, and the underbelly on a hovering silver-tinted ram ship. I sigh with doom.
The ram ship presents a huge dark shadow on top of the water and large ship deck.
I close my two gray-tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I execute a Tele view using my teleclairvoyance seeing Empress Rita. She elegantly stomps down a boarding ramp and lands on top of an empty sea deck wearing a red-tinted pants suit, waving her hand in the air. A fleet of floating robots hurry then scurry out from the ram ship hatch and start scouting around the sea vessel looking for natives.
Inside the sea craft, I say, “She is boarding the sea yacht.”
He laughs. “She is going to be surprised,” Rann sails ahead and adjusts the steering column avoiding schools of fish, dolphins, and whales.
“Why is Rita going to be surprised, Rann?” I don’t understand his shared victory. I sigh with alarm.
“I have auto-rigged that sea yacht to sail back to one of my fake cities here on damaged Planet Resort. Rita will finally become captured alive, trialed alive and then sentenced to death for her murderous citizen crimes.” He sneers.
I slowly wiggle side to side inside the leather seat and feel worry.
My Tele sense ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
Rann presses a set of buttons an air flight pattern. The sea ship slowly lifts up to the water surface with a smooth ride like a raising elevator.
I smile at the pace along with my calm stomach muscles. The zipper emerges from the water dripping droplets over the waves and flies ahead parallel to the shoreline.
I cut eyeballs and view a pod of diving dolphins that run away from Rita’s ram ship.
He skims the waves then climbs into the sky and then stalls mid-air slamming the belly of the sea craft back in the ocean waters. I sigh with surprise.
“Fly away from here, right now, Rann!” I turn and order as the co-pilot.
He gasps in fear, “I can’t!” Rann points at the control panel viewing an outline of objects.
I gasp in alarm. “Why not?”
“Rita is carrying a maser bomb on that ram ship. The destruction will annihilate the rest of asteroid Resort.” Resort is his home, not Planet Sahara. He wants his home world to survive the war, the battles, the bombs, and the crown. I sigh with approval.
I feel the same way about my home on Starbuck Plantation, my planet Earth, in my Milky Way Galaxy. But I’m not there, since I’m here. So, I plan to aid Rann, my true love.
I smile, “So, are we’re going to defend the planet and then defeat the evil empress in her ram ship using a zipper?”
He sneers and fly-ass-backwards with the sea craft, “Yes, we are. I helped design that monster. I know a few loopholes within the machine specifications that is very useful, if you’re an Agri housefly,” he laughs.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
Loud alarms and whistlers blare into our eardrums. I slam several shiny buttons exposing a blinking green-tinted radar screen and then switch off the audio sound buzzing inside my headache. I note a new problem. “Don’t hit it!”
“Hit what?” Rann views the rear window on the monitor sailing back to the hovering ram ship. I sigh with gloom.
“You’ll destroy the ship.” I comment.
“That’s my plan.” He grunts with delight.
“No! Your destruction plan will destroy the ship, the planet, the moon, the Wall, the stars, the sun and us.” I clarify with too many nouns.
“How will that happen?” He stares at the ram ship.
“Check your internal comlen over there!” I point at the green-tinted monitor screen.
“Checking!” He scans the screen then gasps in worry, “The sensors are off the gauge. I don’t understand.”
“I do. Those are not just maser bombs. I see an entire arsenal describing weapons of mass destruction at her fingertips. Rita is ending the Galactic Civil War by destroying all the citizens of the universe plus you and me and the nobles.” I sigh with death.
“I think not!”
“You think not either!” I nod with a stern face.
“I’m going to destroy her, once and for all. Then, Dirk is next on my death list.” He sneers in both fury and worry.
“Dirk is next.” I softly clap with the good news.
“Jam her signals!”
“Jamming?” I press a set of knobs and switches deactivating her scout robots. “What’s wrong now?” I view his nose profile.
He wears a distorted face. “I don’t know.” Rann studies the funny lines on the radar screen then jerks his face at the rows of fluffy clouds, not seeing any danger.
“I do.” I whisper for my eardrums only.
Rita owns and operates the planet of Tech, a shortened word for technology that builds flying machines, robots, and other unidentified flying objects.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
“Too late! I see it. An orange beam is coming straight at us.”
“Rita has built a new toy for her playground.” He shuffles the gears on the sea craft.
“And we’re the Beta test site.” I cry out loud in fear.
Our sea craft is missed with the ray as it disintegrates into nothingness. I sigh with confusion.
Rann slaps the buttons. “That was a heavenly miracle. We’re still in operation. I am climbing us and the zipper higher into the clouds. Her new toy is a dud,” he chuckles with Starra.
I gag on my tongue spit then sniff the air waves saying in puzzlement “What is that vile smell? The smell is leaking into the cockpit. Did you…?” I swing my face and crinkle my nose at Rann. This is an emergency situation and sometimes a person get really scary on the initial impact.
He lifts his and shuffles both of his nose holes sideways concentrating on the smelly fumes which is leaking from the air vents. “The air molecules remind me of a…”
“…stink bomb. I didn’t fart, love,” I giggle with amusement.
He turns and smiles at Starra then views the side window still steering the sea craft back towards the ram ship and the sea yacht.
I look down with a smile and survey the monitors, pointing at the item. “Rann, this gauge is jumping higher then rest of the gauges. The gauge reads sinking air.”
“What?” He views the monitor. “It reads sinking air.”
I look up and scan the clouds but can’t see air molecules with my naked eyeballs. Then I return to the gauge slowing a blanket of yellow hue that represents streams of heavier air. I breathe air to live. The yellow blanket falls in the blue ocean on the comlen monitor. I gasp in alarm and touch my arms. “I feel numb. My bones feel funny, Rann.”
He scans the instrumentation on the console. “From a scientific point of view, the accurate forecast is called atmospheric dynamic or streams of sinking air. The hot sunny days on our island, in the middle of the Resort Ocean, causes the air pressure to hang over our heads which is shaped like an invisible dome. But I can see the streams of heavier air molecules on the monitor even through air molecules are invisible to my naked eyeballs. So, theoretically, when the air molecules sink from the upper levels of atmosphere and descend into the ocean waters, the effect dries out the oxygen particles making the molecules very hostile to weapon maser activity.”
A second orange light streaks over the roof top without hitting at our ship.
I can view the glowing streak above my head and double-check the atmosphere gauge. “The gauge has dropped another ten degrees. The sinking motion in the air is heading in the ocean waters. Man, I hate to tell you this, but I feel really funny. I feel a numb, not air sickness.”
He gasps in shock and looks up, pointing into the fading streak of orange hue. “Stang! That was an overhead maser stream that almost hit our rooftop. A single maser fire stream doesn’t react or adjust any of the normal air molecules, therefore a stun bomb can’t harm an accumulated oxygen mixture. But, if you rip out the element of oxygen, then a stun bomb can develop into empty atmosphere or dead air. Dead air molecules cannot support any flowing air currents or air objects like a flying ship. Only a sea thunderstorm activity can stimulate and release the dead air space as heat, oxygen, and hydrogen molecules gathering up from the ocean waters. A sea thunderstorm will allow a new build-up of air pressure to float from the water and increase wind speed around us.”
My Tele sense ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
“One nasty thunderstorm is coming up,” I whisper for my eardrums only and feel the ship. The sea craft falls from the air waves heading down into the water along with my tummy.
I close my two gray-tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
He sneers. “The fried air stream is dead.”
O! I will note here. My Tele-powers only work around a live and living environment of a combined earth elements of air, water, sun, and soil. That’s the secret of my Tele-talents which are not a gang of heavenly angels moving objects around your face and body.
Rann continues the science lecture while steering the sea craft backwards. “The dead air molecules are too strong. The hot temperatures have opened a pocket of solid carbon emissions within the maser stream. Sinking air is like the air pressure that is farting out a stream of internal body gases. Then, the dead air pressure becomes composed of dense thick and heavy carbon emissions. The thick heavy carbon emissions are being pulled down naturally by Resort’s gravity right over us.”
“Aw! You’re trying to make me laugh. That’s so sweet, Rann. But I think I’d rather you just rescue me from Rita.” I sneer and then panic for both of us.
“The maser stream weighs more than the air below it, so both the air molecules and stinky stream are sinking over the rooftop on the zipper ship and then down in the water.” He lectures and can barely press a series of buttons on the console.
I feel really funny and then whisper. “Go faster, Rann!” I view miles of rough seas, where Rita’s new electronic toy causes some strange new weather patterns.
He wiggles his finger pads and body parts in his chair, “The air pressure dome is over 100 miles long and 60 miles high going down into the water surface. I can’t jump an invisible field of energy. Ugh! My fingers are getting numb also. I can hardy press a single button.”
I extend my arms and shake my curls, “I feel the heavy air molecules around my body like I’m becoming crushed like a nut in a nutcracker, Rann.” Then I wrap my arms around my chest blocking out the heavier air currents while breathing in shallow puffs of stale air.
“No! You are not becoming crashed with an object. The air pressure is settling over your limb muscles and your nerve endings within your human body.”
I sob with tears and worry feeling the zipper fall down towards the water. “I’m cold, Rann.”
“I can’t…uh…I can’t move my fingers. They’re glued to the steering column. Our air molecules are swiftly becoming chilled like a freezer for fresh animal meat.”
I bare whisper and wiggle but cannot unstick from the leather seat, “I’m stuck inside my seat. I can’t move my legs. I feel like an ice cube. My skin is turning blue.”
“We are frozen, literally, inside our seats in the zipper along with all the mechanic controls.” He yells in panic and views the rush of ocean waves. “Prepare for an emergency landing!”
“I am!”
A blue colorful beam hits our zipper penetrating the force field shielding creating a loud thump sound. Rita catches our zipper with a tractor beam before we fall and break into a zillion pieces in the ocean. I sigh with doom.
I can’t move. I link, connect, and Tele-talk into his open mind.
I can’t move, either. Rann links, connects, and Tele-talks back to Starra without understanding his innate Tele table.
Then I pass out into darkness.



Several hours later…

14th hour (late afternoon)
Sea yacht location
Dining room cabin setting
No windows or sunlight

I awake and blink each eyelash open staring at rows and columns of indigo-tinted floor tiles. I am most definitely sitting inside the interior wall of the sea yacht hearing a pissed-off Rann argue with a more pissed-off Rita.
“My plan worked,” Rita sneers at Rann and stands a few feet from Rann and Starra. She wears her red tinted pants suit, a matching pair of high heeled summer sandals, a set of light green tinted toenails, a set of brown-tinted manicured fingernails, and an ugly smear of black tinted grease on her cheekbone. She parks both of her folded fists on each hip bone.
“No, it didn’t, Rita,” Rann smiles at her distorted face and sits on the dirty floor wearing a set of dirty clothes and a pair of naked feet.
I slowly lift my face experiencing a semi-conscious state while feeling drained, tired, numb, and dumb with the current action and conversation. I stare at the pretty face on Rita with the ugly smear of black grease on her cheekbone. I cannot react as I am still stunned from the stun ray that hit the outside and inside of my zipper ship yesterday or today or last night. I sigh with numbness.
My dress is dirty-feeling and ugly-looking now and my feet possess only naked skin tissue and ten toe bones, but my mind words perfectly pondering Rita’s actions here against Rann, not my person.
I’m her friend, not her enemy. I have proved my selfish…I mean…self-worth to Rita many times over and over, again, within the seventh alien timeline. Well, I did steal two of her guards from the royal honor unit with my charm but mostly my currs. They didn’t like her anyways and didn’t like me either but loved my currs for their personal gain. I sigh with numbness.
I whisper for my eardrums only. “I hate stun.” I’m going to get that woman, once I become unthawed and rested for 20 hours (that’s a Commerce day and night). Then, I’m going to stun her four or maybe eight times with her own stun maser then let her thaw out first and then strangle her with my two bare hands finally. I sigh with revenge.
The effects of a stun discharge are terrible on your healthy body. Your tissue muscles, arms and knee joints, bones, blood…not the blood but the blood veins. The other organs feel semi-paralyzed. The ray deadens all the biological parts of your body. You are numb. Then, the numbness starts to wear off.
You feel millions of tiny sharp sewing-pin pricks of pains along the entire line of your nerve endings, such like, hitting your funny bone but it is magnified to the zillionth degree of power. Then, your body jolts back among the living as you continue to hear the two children argue with a vile mouth and a forked tongue.
“I found you.” Rita cheers with an evil grin.
“Accidentally,” Rann softly chuckles.
“I kill you.” She threatens.
“Accidentally,” he is tied in tan-colored rough material ropes going around his naked chest and both of his naked ankle bones.
Rita stomps her sandal on the floor then leans down slapping Rann’s face, standing upright and laughs out loud. I sigh with numbness.
Rann sneers in fury and wears a red-tinted handprint on his cheekbone. I sigh with numbness.
Your blood warms flowing through a series of tightly closed blood veins as each sharp, piercing painful blood protein travels to each numb muscle which starts to throb, ache, and spasm throughout your healthy biological body. I sigh with intense pain.
However, the state of body numbness starts to feel really good compared to the next sensation. The psychological point within your slow-thinking mental capacity, you want the enemy to shoot you again with a new stun ray stopping the visual torturous spasms occurring from your hair roots down to the tip of each toenail. The outer skin tissue visually quivers, shakes, and folds side to side causing extreme pain within your body. Each arm and knee joint bends and then stretches painfully reshaping back into its original form and size. I sigh with awesome pain.
I close my two gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I open two eyelashes feeling more alert and present clearing out the numbness sting from my body and stare at Rita’s sandals. Then I move two eyeballs to her nicely ironed, freshly pressed, red-tinted pants suit minus her queenly tiara. She holds her maser pistol at Rann.
“My true plan was her.” Rita points the maser at Starra then laughs.
“Starra!” Rann turns and stares at the nose profile on Starra.
“What better way to trap you, then with a cute little gray-tinted mouse? No pun intended, ya’ll!” She screeches then laughs. I sigh with numbness.
I feel betrayed. We are sorta friends…naw…acquaintances…naw…non-enemies, within the seventh alien timeline, without Dirk’s commands trying to murder my person.
I am deaf, dumb, blind and tied onto a low-standing table leg on the side wall. I’m possess a petite body frame when I am compared to Rann. Rann is tied onto a bar stool leg on the opposite wall.
I feel half-alive within my body frame, but I am not dead from the effects of a stun bomb, not a stink bomb. I can’t move a muscle and laugh with my mouth lines as the body thawing procedures slowly snakes it way around all my aching bones and muscles.
Rita had grabbed the falling zipper ship in mid-air with a retractor beam from her ram ship. Each ship and device are built on Tech World. Rita owns the planet, after Viscount Lad’s early untimely death, during one of the many war battles within the Galactic Civil War. There are too many timelines, enemies, and sad events right now as I greatly desire to re-enter an alien timeline in peace, not war. I sigh with numbness.
“You can’t win.” Rann growls.
“I can, can’t I?” She smiles.
“Not while, I’m still alive and breathing.”
“Hmm! Once you’re dead, I win it all.” She laughs then smirks slapping her chest, “The nobles will surrender to me. No leader. No problem. Do you like that new axiom, future dead Prince Rann?”
“I win. You die.” He snarls.
“I win. You die.” She nods. “The deal is done, Prince of the Universe. Hmm! I always wondered about your royal power with your royal status and your royal…”
“… highness has created and then caused the continuous Galactic Civil War for centuries…” Rann growls.
I sit in silence, which is very unusual teenly behavior act with my person, and still can’t move but burp out loud from ingestion while mentally thinking the single word: Centuries.
How freakingly old is Rita? Rann is older than Dirk. Dirk is 79 years old (Earth time). Lady Rosa was over 200 years old (Earth time). So, Dirk and Rita are about the same age in Earth years. Rita is 79 years old.
Wow! Rita looks great for an old woman with firm skin tissue and cute apple cheekbones.
Within the sea yacht, on top of the floor, inside the dining room, on the bar stool leg, Rann continues to sneer and lecture at Rita. “You have alienated all the citizens and their support of your royal cause and effect. No native wants you as their royal ruler evermore. As we speak, thousands of rebel citizens are gathering and coming to rescue me and then they will destroy you.”
Rita smiles. “Hmm! Allow me to vocally ponder your thought, Prince. Maybe, I have discovered the thousands of rebel citizens by accident. Maybe, the rebel citizens are not coming to rescue you. Maybe, the thousands of rebel citizens are all dead.” She nods with a string of evil laughter.
“You act more like the alien within our universe, not a native of the universe, alien Rita. Leave and go and pitch you and your ugly pants suite into the wormhole and find a new home far, far away from here,” he laughs with a grin. I sigh with approval.
She snarls then mouth drools in fury shooting a maser ray at Rann. I try to scream in fear as nothing escapes my lips. I sigh with numbness.
Rann drops his chin down into his naked chest growling in pain. The flying maser ray missed his bicep damaging the side wall instead. I sigh with relief.
I still cannot move or wiggle or talk or scream or giggle. I quickly perform a Tele probe within his bio-shell. He breathes in life and fight. Yet, I feel asset of strangely, frisky girly sensations inside his warm internal organs, guts, and blood stream. I sigh with numbness.
“Rann!” Rita screams in disappointment of her lousy shooting skills and her frustration to eliminate Rann. He slowly raises his distorted face and sneers at Rita.
I have seen Rita shoot accurate at very close range and cause death with a maser pistol.
The maser pistol presents a box-shaped, black-tinted, metal-coated hand or arm devise displaying a thumb pad button on the top of the box that shoot each maser ray at the enemy. The fire setting is located on the side of the box. On the right side, three buttons rest for a single punch in activating a one-degree body burn, or a two-degree body burn, or a body stun burn. The stun pattern does not harm but numbs the nervous endings on any native or animal. On the opposite side, a single button is punch for a kill shot into death.
I execute Tele probe using my telemetabolics. I feel like shit after getting whacked by 1) a stun ray from Rita or 2) a dive towards the ocean waves or 3) both. Therefore, my Tele powers are both numb and dumb, which really sucks for Rann.
Rita removes her eyeballs from Rann and examines the pistol setting the button to kill, instead of stun mode. She stomps ahead closer for the death act waiting, wanting, and desiring to terminate Rann’s life form for her love Dirk, who is missing from the new alien timeline.
I still cannot move or whisper. I link, connect, and Tele talk into Rita’s open mind: Rita, you won the war. Take Asteroid Resort as your new playground and add it to your outer space planet collection, Your Highness.
She stops and points the heated barrel at Rann while sneering. “Rann, I win. I’ll take Asteroid Resort as my playground and add it to my outer space planet collection.” I sigh with repeat.
Rita possess the tele gift of telepathy too. I sigh with amazement.
He smiles. “I win, Rita. So, I will take my home planet Resort and all the other planets for my personal outer space planet collection.”
I link, connect, and Tele talk into Rann’s open mind: No, Rann! Give Rita the entire playground along with the tree swings, the big slide, and monkey bars…
“You’re going to be surrounded by tree swings, a big slide and monkey bars…” He chuckles. “What!” He turns and smiles at Starra returning back then growls at Rita. “Within twenty minutes, my rebel citizens will be here to rescue me and Starra. So, try to survive and surrender your as…”
…. asteroid, Rita! I link, connect, and Tele talk to Rita: Then leave us here and escape in your ram ship in peace and love and harmony.
Rita gasps in shock and drops the maser barrel to the floor tiles and then sneers in annoyance, swinging the maser barrel at Starra.
“Don’t harm Starra, Rita!” He sneers. Rita sneers again and sways the maser at Rann.
I link, connect, and Tele talk to Rita: Do not hurt Rann, Rita!
Rita exhales in confusion and lowers the maser barrel to the floor again shouting at each person. “Shut up, children!” She smiles. “I’m the grown-up in here and I decide which one of you comes with me as my alive and breathing hostage against the swarm of attacking annoying nobles. The other one doesn’t. Rann!” She grins and aims the maser.
Rann stiffens with fear then relaxes looking into her pair of wickedly, pretty blue-colored eyeballs. “Do it to me and do not harm, Starra!”
My heart drops into my fluttering tummy. I still cannot move a limb or whisper a word. I link, connect, and Tele talk to Rita: Shoot me, Rita! Kill me! I messed up here! This mess is all my fault!

If Rita kills Rann, then he dies foreverly.

Rita smiles with an evil grin then swings the maser barrel at Starra, “Naw!” She laughed. “Here’s to your annoying twang from the southern portion of Bonita. I planned all of this. I planned it from hook to sink her,” she laughed again. “Now Rann…” she aims the maser at him.
I link, connect, and Tele talk to Rita: Come and kill me, Rita!
I will come back to life kicking your tight fanny, without wearing a glamour junior prom dress, but my nicely polished cowgirl pointy boot toes. And, man, that will hurt you. I promise, girlfriend! And, within the next new alien timeline, I will find and marry Rann breaking this vicious space and time continuum thingy. But Rita doesn’t know my secret information.
“Starra, be quiet!” Rann frowns at Starra.
I gasp in alarm and view Rann. He can hear my string of mental words too from my telepathy messages to Rita. I sigh with confusion.
He returns and shouts at Rita. “I surrender to you, Rita. Take everything you want but Starra. Please, don’t harm, Starra.” He turns and smiles at Starra. Rita slowly swings the gun towards Rann.
I link, connect, and Tele talk to Rann: Rann…
“I love…” Rann wears a sad smile to Starra.
Then Rita jerks the maser away from Rann and points the barrel at Starra pulling the trigger, releasing a yellow tinted ray and hits the chest cavity on Starra.
Stang! I link connect, and Tele yell into the universe.
Rann almost told me that he loved me. The sting of second degree burns swiftly and colorfully melts away my body tissue and throbs throughout my nerve endings. I cannot move a limb or whimper in pain. I sigh with numbness.
Rita pulls the maser into her chest and switches the setting, aiming the heated barrel at Rann, releasing a blue tinted ray and stuns Rann. His body absorbs, glows in blue hue and then freezes in numbing motionless state excluding his mind. His eyeballs turn and view a disintegrating Starra then presents a set of rolling sad tears.
Rita drops the maser on the floor and laughs out loud at a dying Starra signaling her honor guard unit. The team of guards approaches, unties, and lifts a stunned Rann in the air toting him out the room into the ram ship. Rita laughs at Starra for the last time then spins around exiting the room also.
Rann is the alive and breathing hostage for the third time as I will die for the seventh time.
Geez! I can’t win within any alien timeline situation. However, logically thinking as I cannot speak. Rita will not kill Rann. He is the ruler of the rebellion and his rebel citizens will storm her royal castle and kill her and a missing or misplaced Dirk, to boot.
Within the sea yacht, inside the dining room setting, my pair of burning, blurry eyeballs stare at the floor tiles and as my melting body part can wiggle from the burning ropes feeling intense bursts of pains throughout my limbs and organs and tissue muscles.
On each wall, a line of floating smaller silver-tinted trash cans…naw…robots lay out an individual green-colored brick on top of the floor clashing with the pretty indigo-colored tiles. I missed the action within my burning retinas.
My Tele mental mind is still alive and working.
Rita plans to sink the yacht and drown me. She doesn’t want me to be found inside the deep waters on Asteroid Resort. I perform a Tele scan on some of the bricks finding it packed with a high impact explosive. The ship will blow up and I will not survive again.
I die anyways then I always come back. I sigh with repetition.
I really hate water!
One of the bricks explodes into a fire of pink hue inside the open archway with a loud bang.
This timeline is going to end with a bigger bang.
Two bricks explode into flames of yellow and blue hue on the side wall creating two loud booms.
Things were going great with my man Rann within the seventh timeline which was not a lucky number seven for me. I sighed with great disappointment.
I am not the enemy or the fighter here. I am retired from working and fighting while having fun and staying with Rann on an ocean island paradise.
Inside the room, on the sea yacht, three more bricks explode in a row creating a red and blue tinted fire on the opposite wall. The smoke slaps my burning eyeballs. I sigh with pain.
Rita is a greedy, anger, and poco loco noblette, but Rann is safe. I sigh with true love.
Rann will go and find Dirk next, after he is rescue by his rebel citizens. I sigh with jealousy.
That has been my primary goal since the first alien timeline. Dirk or me! The unknown universe isn’t big enough for two talented, conceited Tele persons. Dirk has to die first. I sigh with death.
A line of bricks starts to implode on all four walls creating an array of loud booms.
This situation sucks for me!
I feel hot and spill more of my melted blood proteins over my burning limbs and the broken tiles on the floor hearing more boom sounds from a series of bricks. Then I feel dizzy then not deaf as the four walls tumble on the floor, then the sea yacht explodes. A wall of dark blue, cold water floods the ship, each deck, each room, and then my body. Then I faint into darkness.

I sit, numbingly, in my assigned pilot chair, and blind, purposefully, with both of my eyelashes shut. I do not move or think or pray but feel alive and thankful for the survival trick.
I un-belt the cockpit restraints and open my two eyelashes popping off my space suit helmet then leap from the chair, spinning around, seeing a half portion on the pilot’s chair. I shake my long, wavy, gray-tinted hair strands. I spin around and lean my freckles into the working console instrument studying the rough terrain. I sigh with surprise.
I see a range of lush green-tinted, colorful flower-coated high mountains using my left eyeball and high columns of posh green-tinted shade trees, low rows of overgrown plant and fruit bushes, and lush ground foliage with my right eyeball surrounding a dry, crooked, narrow vehicle path in the middle of a thriving green and yellow tinted planet.
My Tele sense ping. Everything is fine.
I spin around and race over the broken tiles leaping up, flying in the air and land on the grassy field. I whisper into my eardrums. “There is a tall structure standing alone thirteen miles northeast of my position.”
I feel the heat and look up seeing a lovingly yellow-tinted sun, a sky of pale blue and then look down viewing the smooth brown-tinted soil and pods of colorful wildflowers blinking away my wet tears of both sadness for my Tele friends. I look and stare at the grove of trees meeting a set of new people, places, planets, and palaces in which I have somehow traveled both space and time landing her for the eighth time.
“I’m back says the misplaced alien girl,” I laugh out loud and shake my gray bangs into my two eyelashes.

Citizens of the unknown universe:

Ann, Lady of Bonita
Bartholomew, Baron of Agri
Bea, Countess of Ice
Dee, Marquise of Resort
Dirk, Lord of Bonita
Dov, Count of Ice
Ivan, General of Militia
Ito, Priest of Bio
Ivy, Baronetess of Agri
Jo, Governess of Uni
Jon, Governor of Uni
Kona, Major of Militia
Lad, Viscount of Tech
Las, Priestess of Bio
Mar, Generalette of Militia
Rann, Prince of Sahara
Rex, King of Commerce
Rita, Queen of Commerce
Rosa, Lady of Bonita
Roy, Marquis of Resort
Tok, Marquis of Resort
Ty, Administrator of Sahara
Viv, Princess of Sahara
Zak, Baronet of Agri


Planets of the unknown universe:

Agri, planet of food and livestock or Food World
Bio, planet of medical facilities
Bonita, planet of land
Commerce, planet of Royal family and the Game
Ice, planet of snow and ice
Militia, space station of honor guards, pilots, police
Resort, planet of casinos and entertainment center
Sahara, planet of prisoners or Prison Planet
Tech, planet of technology or Tech World
Uni, planet of school
Wall, divider between the two solar suns


Bots of the unknown universe:


Abot, agricultural robot
Bbot, biological robot
Cbot, conqueror robot
Dbot, door robot
Ebot, evacuation robot
Fbot, football robot
Gbot, guard robot
Hbot, housekeeping robot
Ibot, inn robot
Jbot, jury robot
Kbot, kitchen robot
Lbot, lady robot
Mbot, messenger robot
Nbot, news robot
Obot, orchestra robot
Pbot, pilot robot
Qbot, etiquette robot
Rbot, repair robot
Sbot, service robot
Tbot, testing robot
Ubot, “U better not run” robot
Vbot, love robot
Xbot, excavation robot
Ybot, yard robot
Zbot, zipper robot

Unknown universe
Unknown planet

Green tinted flat meadows
Yellow sun and pale blue sky at 78ºF
11th hour (early afternoon)

I park my earthling terrain tractor on top of the grassy meadow twenty feet away from a tall, new brown-coated brick building, like someone had built it and then abandoned it. I sigh with intrigue.
I sit in the padded seat staring at eighteen stories of brown brick without a single viewing window pondering an inspection tour, before I greedy enter the structure from a bright sunny hot day.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
I twist my face narrowing two eyelashes at the white clouds, when the pretty sky turns immediately black hue and then rumbles with a thunderstorm cloud. “What!” I say to an alien Mother Nature with my foul mood from crashing and then burning my earthling outer space transportation back to Planet Earth.
Out of the low black dark clouds, a strange outer starship falls down then flies straight towards Starra.
“Shit!” I scream in terror and race ahead with my life force towards the front porch on the tall structure. The ship targets me as the newest teen enemy...naw…teen alien. I sigh with fear.
I roughly stumble on my knee-high boot in the grass then loose upright balance nicely tripping over my two big feet wondering why I had selected fashion shoes over a pair of flat working shoes. I land on my belly button and stomach covering my hair roots with both of my folded arms. The small ship flies over Starra, the grass blades, row of bush plants, and scattered pods of colorful wildflowers with firing a single shoot. I sigh with doom.
The odd starship crashes into a mountain side with a loud boom.
I scream then look up whispering for my eardrums only, “Dang, man! You are the dumbest outer space starship captain in the universe.” Earth soil, small rocks, bits of grass, and metal debris hover in the air then attack hitting the new building.
I shake my limbs and toss my hair strands from my freckles. My jumpsuit is covered in red mud bits, brown dirt particles, green grass blades, pink flower petals, green leaves, and red blood proteins. My head hurts along with my cheekbone. I gingerly touch my face with my index finger drawing back a red wet substance. Blood. My blood. “Dang, I’m bleeding to death.”
I slowly stand upright from the grass and softly giggle moving ahead to the front porch, stomping nosily up three long wooden steps hoping to walk the dead, who reside underneath the flat foundation of vanilla-colored concrete. Just kidding!
I’m angry and hungry and stuck here within a new galaxy, on a new planet, without an ancient girlfriend or boyfriend.
“Dang.” I reach out for a gold-colored door handle then pull back my hand. Maybe, I should fetch the handgun from the terrain tractor then quickly decide the opposite way. “Naw, I’m armed with my Tele powers.” Then I slowly reach out with my right-side hand for the knob while my left folded fist is next to my face presenting both show and purpose. I attack the knob and then vividly flash backwards, inside my mental mind.
I am Starra Starbuck and measure five feet and one inch in height weighing 95 pounds and one ounce, displaying a head of waist-length, silver-tinted, slightly wavy hair strands, a triangle face, a pair of gray-tinted pupils, a button nose, two apple cheekbones, and a cute cliff chin. I am wrapped in an exterior layer of golden tawny skin tissue. Golden brownish freckles are highlighted across my nose bridge and each cheekbone. I am 17 years old and own a farm of animals and crops on Planet Earth. Then I become drafted by United Earth Government and the United Earth Government officer Peter Martin as a Tele astronaut and stupidly travel the first intergalactic outer space trip to a new planet, within a new galaxy, using my awesome Tele paranormal gifts consisting of telepathy, telekinesis, Telemetabolics, and teleclairvoyance.
Next, I survive on the new planet alone as the newest alien within the new universe.
“Stang!” I remember my favored word and all the events from the past seven alien timelines. My eardrums pick up a horrible, ugly sound. I spin around then gasp in shock. A big beautiful silver-tinted shiny ram ship hovers in the sky and burns the grassy meadow into rows of tiny fires totally disintegrating my terrain tractor into a puddle of green goo. A matching metal ramp glides down into the flames of fire. A tall, upright figure walks down the gangplank and waves his hand. I’m welcomed and rescued and the luckiest girl in the universe. I dash ahead with a smile and hope the love of my life is lounging on the ship too. I sigh with true love.



A few minutes later…

12th hour (early afternoon)
Outer space star yacht
Observation room setting
Cold, dark outer space with minus 1000ºF


I leisurely lounge in a horizontal pose wearing my dirty jumpsuit and more dirtier boots on top of the clean, soft, silver-colored velveteen sofa. My eyeballs watch my personal Wbot or waiter robot. My, not your or theirs, but my Wbot serves a cold, gray tinted drink with one mechanical arm underneath a metal tray. A second metal tray holds rows of dark and white chocolate-coated sweet rolls underneath its left-sided mechanical arm. A wide and large glass-made comlen monitor displays an entertainment program of dancing female and male fools in the middle of its belly on its tall, wide, cylinder-shaped metal frame. My individual Wbot pampers me and the other lazy citizens inside a luxury ram ship setting making my life great. Great food. Great drink. Great service. Great atmosphere.
The comfones play a smoothing classical musical song from an array of hidden overhead audio speakers. I send my Wbot back to the nicely stocked and beautiful-looking food table for more of the dark chocolate covered sweet rolls. I’m going to eat them, until I throw up on this lovely sofa.
“This is the life,” I whisper for my eardrums only as my mouth and tongue are filled with chocolate chewed particles. I sigh with riches.
The outer space starship is one of six royal star yachts floating around the galaxy for some dang reason, since the king or queen is very busy running the universe within two solar systems.


I mentally flash backwards, within the past seven alien timelines, King Rex, King Bartholomew, Ruler/Prince Rann, King Dirk, and Emperor Rita were very busy rulers too.

Within the seventh alien timeline, Rita tried to kill me too.


I mentally flash present, within the eighth alien timeline and giggled spitting out my chewed food particles and the words, “Royal epic fail!
I bite into the semi-warm, smooth, creamy white chocolate and chew the roll staring into the large window with twinkling stars. I hope Rann is the ruler within the new timeline. Then, the galaxy will not fight or fire masers or have Rita or see Dirk. I sigh with correctness.
I continue to watch the stars and do not bother the other guests, who also eat, drink, and make merry dance movements on top of their individual chaise lounge during the jazzy musical song.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
“Naw.” I hold a half-eaten roll in one dirty, greasy hand and a cold, sweaty, gray-tinted beverage in the other hand while seriously reprimanding my crazy Tele powers and softly whisper for my eardrums only. “We’ll flying in outer space. Outer space waves are massive. Nothing happens in outer space. Thus, everything is fine and dandy, girl best!” I giggle then lick the frosting off the roll. The danger alarms blare sounding like an opera with tingling bells, deep foggy whistles, and red dancing lights over the exit door.
“Naw.” I whisper with frustration. I hate it when my Tele senses are right. I sigh with duty.
“Attack! We’re under attack! Run! Run away from the attackers!” An invisible ram ship officer shouts out loud exhibiting his terrible and terror emotions inside an empty hallway which causes citizen terror, of course. The other citizens stand from the seat, drop the food items on the floor, and race ahead from the room, flooding the empty corridors. He leads still in panic mode heading towards one of eight-nine escape pods. Yeah, I counted. I sigh with trouble.
I stare, alone, at the slightly silver-tinted, glowing force field which protects the row of glass windows inside my room. To my predictable horror, a garrison of pirate ships chase after the ram ship and are annoyingly fire streams of colorful green, yellow, and red maser grenades on the side of the metal. Each space pirate wears a toothless smile on a satisfied face.
I execute a Tele probe seeing the individual pirate in their flying ships. I sigh with danger.
Running feet and loud screams, the set of annoying sounds invade my eardrums coming from overcrowded hallway. Then I hear the soft thump before feeling a rough object beside my naked foot, slamming my foot into the grenade, performing a Tele leap upwards from the cushions, flying in the air waves, through the open archway, and into the opposite observation room dropping on top of the floor. I cover my head and slap a Tele shield around my precious petite-ness hearing a loud boom that first slams into the shield and then is followed by an array of sharp and dull sizzling heated or cold objects. Each object bounces off my Tele shield then drops to the floor. I sigh with survival.
Silence lingers in the air waves.
I slowly lift my face from the lush carpet and view a terrible mass of mess on top of the carpet panels including small fire pods, sizzling heated objects, sharp glass shards, and fragments of white bones, streams of red blood proteins, and pink tinted organs. I sigh with sadness.
I do not release my Tele shield and slowly stand upright staring at the extremely large hole inside the other observation lounge, breathing inside my bubble of fresh air molecules. Large and small objects, food items, and dead citizens all float in the outer space waves bouncing into the side metal plates or drift away from the ship or explode from an individual maser ray by a nasty ship pirate. I move ahead and enter a damaged hallway filled with dead natives and destroyed objects.

I mentally flash backwards, into a seventh alien timeline, when Empress Rita re-decorated the ram ships for luxury flying. I had read on the laptop as the Encrypto girl.

I mentally flash present, within the newest alien timeline. Now, each ram ship has been heavily re-constructed for comfort, instead of battle. The steel plates around the old ship are gone and has been replaced with rows of elegant glass windows for sightseeing the stars, the planets, the moons, the Wall, and other heavenly bodies. Of course, the force field operates within functioning parameters keeping some of scared guests on the luxury ship safe from being sucked out into outer space waves ending in a horrible painful death.
Before the ram ship implodes into a pod of colorful space dust, based on my future teleclairvoyance, I race down the hallway. Each brutal attack is a maser ray or bomb. Another round of blue fire hits the reinforced shielding. Citizens fling their bodies down to the carpet in front of my footpath as I perform a Tele leap from the ground, in the air, sometimes hitting the ceiling plaster. I land down on the floor and continue to race ahead.
A new maser ray hits the side plate then kills the orange wallpaper throughout the corridor. A flash of yellow and red flame hits the upper level on the ship and then sounds with a huge boom. The wave strikes two decks above my hair roots causing a spray of ceiling particles to fall on my body. I ignore the flying metal and human debris and rapidly race ahead among the high screams and low whines of the non-injured citizens towards the command bridge. I sigh with brilliance.
My ugly fashion high-heeled boots elegantly scoot then sweep around each frighten and fearful citizens, without using a sissy sword or a prickly pike, since I possess my Tele-powers, ya’ll. My Tele powers don’t need a carrying case or a single loop on a utility belt as they are secretly hidden and stored inside my neurons and behind my rib cage. I sigh with silliness.
I reach the end of the long hallway then halt viewing the closed elevator doors and do not press the button. No time!
I wrap both of my arms around my body and twirl in a tight circle digging through the soft carpet, hard concrete, and heated metal plates, opening a hole. I fall through the hole and land in the middle of the ship’s bridge.
A square-shaped room holds three walls of glass windows displaying black-tinted outer space with twinkling stars and colorful planets. The distance stars appear in color array of yellow, pink, blue, and orange along with other hues that I can’t admire at the moment.
“Change course,” the captain of the ship stands slightly ahead of Starra in the middle of damaged room with fresh air flow and shouts in tenor timber to the remaining breathing crew members.
“Course changed to 89.45, sir,” a bloody red-face ensign shouts back in her shaky soprano timber.
“Shift to a higher speed,” the captain orders.
“The ship sails at maximum overdrive, now, sir.”
I scan the room in shock and view six armed and bloody honor guards, ten dead bridge officers, and one captain. Upon seeing me, an honor guard growls then shifts his boot toe from the rear wall.
“Continue to hold your stations, soldiers,” the Captain shouts to the crew while seeing the movement.
I do not move stating, “I…”
“We’re being attacked by pirates. Please, go back to your seat, ma’am,” the Captain doesn’t turn to greet Starra but commands like Ivan, but he is not Ivan.
And I am not a ma’am. “Ma’am,” I whisper for my eardrums only. Geez! I’m only 17 years, 7 months, 7 weeks, 7 days, 7 minutes, 7 seconds, and 7 milliseconds, after jetting off Planet Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy 140 days ago.
I clear an angry snarl and then ask nicely. “Where in the fudge is your escort, sir?”
“We don’t need or use or have a pilot escort, ma’am. This is the emperor’s personal ram ship. We are not at war with anyone.”
“Well, you are now!” I frown and slap my chest, “I’m a pilot. Do you have a fleet of zippers?”
“Four decks below the bridge, ma’am,” he says and survey the flying pod of space pirates.
I stand in place and whisper for my eardrums only, “I’m not a ma’am; I am a miss.” The word, miss, represents a single girl waiting for her man who is named Prince Rann to appear and ask her to marry him in this new alien timeline. I sigh with marriage.
I back step and spin around shaking my curls while furious with annoyance at the new events of within the eighth alien timeline. I have arrived and now chaos is following me that holds the name of Dirk. I sigh with knowledge.
I dash ahead towards the closed entrance door that does not open. Each honor guard is waiting on for an opportunity to pounce my attitude while the captain is busy saving the ship of passengers.
My Tele senses ping. Everything is fine.
I flip my hand in the air and perform a Tele shove on the six honor guards plus the door. The door slides open and each honor guard magically drops on the floor. I laugh and exit the bridge racing down a new hallway made of silver-colored tiles. How is a silver-tinted tile made?
I halt in front of a closed elevator door. You ain’t supposed to use an elevator during an emergency. But I don’t really give a shoot…shill…shit. Awe! I like that last word.
I reach out and execute a Tele grab with my ten wiggling nicely manicured fingernails that are about to be destroyed and cram the nails in-between a tiny microscopic millimeter of light within a tiny crack each frame. Then I execute a T-pull using my telekinesis plus my girly muscles and rip each fingernail tip off first while grunting in pain. “Ugh…ugh…ugh…ugly…”
The elevator doors open exposing an empty space of air molecules.
I grab my nose with two bloody fingernails for show and tenderly squeeze my nostrils holding my breath and close my two eyelashes. I bend my kneecaps and leap from the floor, jumping in the air, dropping down like a rock into the elevator shaft. I hold my other arm around my hair strands and slap both of my kneecaps and folded legs into my chest for an aerodynamically faster fall down towards the fourth deck. I mentally count backwards then slow my inertia towards my destination. Honestly, I don’t know the layout of a ram ship.


I mentally flash backwards into the second alien timeline, when I was standing on a ram ship beside my boyfriend King Bartholomew.

He was attacking Lord Dirk on Planet Sahara during the Civil War for control of the unknown universe.


I mentally flash present within the eighth alien timeline. This is a luxury ship, not a battleship and the personal ship of the emperor, to boot. I stop and hover in the air facing the shaft wall with my back spine towards the closed doors on the fourth deck. I fling my bloody index fingernail and perform a Tele shove on the door. The door opens. Then I execute a Tele flight backwards like each one of the stupid robots then halt hovering over a dirty floor, slowly extending my legs and stand. I spin around and gasp in shock. “Rann is not located here on the ram ship, so I don’t have to save my man today.”
I dash ahead when the ship rocks sideways from another maser bomb then leap from the floor flying in the air and then land beside the first of three zipper ships that are not damaged. I sigh with fun.
I open the hatch and enter the ship without bothering to power the engine and levitate the zipper up from the semi-damaged, vanilla-colored concrete platform. I don’t have time for a warmup, system checklist, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera...
I hover in the air waves and study the outer space picture without using my Tele powers, only my naked eyeballs. The ram ship holds burning patches of gooey ram ship which is worser than my vivid imagination could have drawn. And hundreds of electric blue-colored dead bodies nicely float inside the flying star ship lanes. Good thing, I possess a strong stomach with long thick intestines and tough guts. Else, I might vomit and then quit the war. I sigh with victory.
“Stang!” I yell in frustration.
I press the stick forward and leave the bay entering outer space weaving my zipper swiftly around each dead blue body. I point and aim four maser weapons at six individual pirate ships starting with the closest one blowing them up one-by-one. Slow work! This is going to take all day long…all night…all of outer space.
A new squad of seven pirate ships buzz my tail for annoyance while flying towards the front of the ram ship. I quickly execute a 180-degree turn then pursue to kill. The squad isn’t firing on the space vessel then splits at the nose cone traversing along the sides of the shiny ship. Each zipper pulls a wide turn outwards then angles a zipper nose cone first at the side metal performing a suicide mission. These pilots are more deadly and dangerous than I am. I sigh with doom.
An array of red and yellow colorful visual explosives appears at the windshield on my zipper. Wow! One brave or stupid pirate in his ship hits and then hangs inside an empty escape pod without creating a new hole on the side of the ram ship. Then, the pirate exits his damaged ship walking in an upright position like a man while causally bleeding red blood proteins from his leg wound down over the silver-tinted carpet panels. The pirate slowly walks around the wall corner out of sight disappearing to die, maybe. I sigh with shock.
“Double stang!” The pirate’s zipper is still attached inside an empty hole on the dorsal fin side of the ram ship without falling off as the ship rocks and sways within the outer space waves, so I am definitely not dreaming. “Triple stang!” I yell at the fascinating ingenuous feat of engineering.
I hover in space while occasionally shooting the enemy without getting killed and execute a Tele trace on the pirate’s machine. The nose cone on the modified zipper ship contains an exit door releasing the pilot in case, the ship is stuck in an empty escape pod on a ram ship. This is some type of new technique from Dirk and a new trick for me. I hope I live to tell someone about it. I sigh with impossibility.
I am doing this without payment of huge amounts of currs also and watch each brave but stupid pirate slam their ship into an empty escape pod. Then the healthy pirate exits through the nose cone and fights against the crew member killing innocent lives. I sigh with annoyance.
One more thing, I will do this without pay or recognition.
I quickly blasted the three zippers into pixie dust at the port side metal plates, not giving the pirate the chance to attach to an empty escape pod. “Nevermore!” I sigh with happiness.
I swing my zipper outward and then wide away from the metal plates then turn ahead towards an empty escape pod. I sigh with success. 
I close my gray-tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I really hope this works and slam the joystick forward for go, punching the nose cone into a large opening and hear the loud bang. My body roughly dances inside the webbed chair and as I shout with a smile, “Contact! I am good…”
My zipper immediately latches inside the pod, not producing a shaky or shimmy motion. I perform a Tele push on the machine engine, seat console, and cute, dirty floor mats shoving through the metal, blowing the nose cone off the ship. I whisper for my eardrums only, “Time to impress the pirates!” I sigh with victory.
I view the short home-made tunnel and see the light coming from a different observation lounge room, sliding off the seat and twist backwards. I bend my kneecaps and perform a butt-hole crawl through the streams of dented heated metal and hissing long black cables with red sizzling sparks inside a cramped nose cone shaft. I fall on my fanny then roll backwards over the soft carpet leaping from the floor, standing upright and spin around. I sneer at nothing to fear or kill I sigh with disappointment.
I swing around and face the crunched zipper and interior wall, “Destroyed! Good job, Starra!” The interior space is a twisted ugly picture with dented metal, long cables, chipped paint, and broken plaster hoping no live citizens are in there either. But I remember most of the citizens are dead or about to be, if I don’t rush my new assignment into victory. I sigh with victory.
I hear a set of faint and loud voices coming across the hallway not really remembering the layout of the ram ship. I spin around and sprint out the destroyed room tripping over a cordon of dead and barely alive bodies scattered on the floor hearing the moans and groans. I sigh with sadness.
A blood trail leads into the observation lounge. I appear and smile inside the wide archway, “O! I’m back.” Nobody is present making me waste a good joke. Dirk would howl with laughter at my jokes, if he was present here on this ship but wasn’t.
I scan the dirty smelly room. “What a mess?” I hope the fleets of non-destroyed Sbots are functioning within working parameters. I scan the hallway, “Where are the Bbots hiding?” I hear a loud grunt then turn viewing a group of standing male and female pirates who crowd together inside a wall corner, maybe peeing or something else.
I bend my two elbows then raise my two hands executing a Tele pull using my telekinesis, quickly retrieving each drawn and non-drawn maser pistol from the pirate’s hand or hostler. I do not feel like dying today. I fire a line of floating masers at the group of pirates swinging in a parallel move and enter the observation room blasting the rear wall with a semi-crooked line of additional pirates. The pirates fall on the floor dead missing body parts, spilling blood over the nice carpet panels. Brave citizens quickly grab the loose masers from the floor and run out the room. I follow in hot purse. I sigh with hopelessness.
“Halt!” A single pirate shouts in front of the running citizens and stands in the middle of an empty and undamaged hallway. The citizens halt and then slam into each other.
“Don’t shoot me!” A citizen hollers, in fright, holding both of her arms in the air.
“Don’t shoot!” A second citizen shouts with fear.
“Drop the masers!” The pirate sneers and displays a scarred ugly face waving his maser side to side for show. He points the maser barrel at an open archway on the side wall. Each citizen scoots sideways and enters the room lining the entrance and part of the side walls.
I watch the citizens disappear into the room and follow behind last in line then two-step sideways leaning into a wall of ugly orange paper.
“Sit down!” A different pirate shouts at the frightened and howling hostages. Each citizen slowly or swiftly sits on top of the carpet while softly producing a set of groans and moans.
I do not comply. I do not like being ordered around, so I remain standing and sneer at the lead pirate. The pirate turns and sneers back at Starra showing his ugly, yellow-tinted teeth.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
I scan the room and gasp in shock seeing his tall, slim, slimy posture. He wears a pair of ripped puke green-yellowish trousers, a torn puke green-yellowish shirt, a red bleeding cut on his pointy chin and a sneer on his ugly pale face. And his skull displays a matching puke-green yellowish tinted gem crown on his red-tinted hair roots. Dirk is here and present on the same ram ship with me. I sigh with revenge.
His arms appear bowed and tied behind his back spine. I sigh with confusion.
“Emperor Dirk!” A nice citizen points and shouts in fear.

I mentally flash backwards, into the seventh alien timeline, when Rita was the empress and Dirk was not found.

I mentally flash present within the eighth alien timeline and sneer at Dirk. I sigh with murder.
“Emperor Dirk!” A second citizen shouts with concern.
I continue to stand and hide a maser inside my gray vest. O! I get a new outfit. I have stolen…naw…borrowed the clothing items from a female pilot’s sealed and bolted personal locker as she lies dead resting in her cold, blue-tinted body on top of the landing dock. I wear a pretty gray-tinted sleeveless vest, a matching circular skirt, and a pair of polished leather gray-tinted knee boots. I sigh with delight.
“Move or Dirk gets it!” The lead pirate turns and aims the barrel on his maser at the temple on Dirk. Each citizen gasps in alarm and stares at the maser, not Dirk.
I still continue to stand and muddle that mental thought within my sharp mind: Move or Dirk gets it!
I think really long and hard regarding that serious statement, before I decide to move and end it for Emperor Dirk as my future decision will save me the trouble of killing him a little later. It is Dirk or me. I sigh with non-decision.
“Sit!” The lead pirate points his finger to the floor and his maser at Dirk.
I do not sit as I do not like people telling me what to do or interrupting my fun on this flying luxury yacht. And I do not like people hurting other people. I do not like you, sir. I sigh with vengeance.
I stomp ahead and wear a sweet smile to Dirk. Dirk looks up and presents a smile then wipes off the grin sneering at his number one enemy, Starra.
The pirate points at Starra and continues to point his maser barrel at Dirk’s skull, “Don’t!”
Don’t what, fire? Spit? Dance? Eat? Pee? Well, buddy, please speak in a full sentence with a single noun and a verb, so I can understand your vocal communication better, because I’m the stupid alien living within a new galaxy. I sigh with excitement.
I continue to tromp ahead without shouting a nasty work or dancing a jig. Okay! I have moved from the wall, so you can kill Dirk. I call your buff, fool!
The pirate drops the maser and shoves the barrel into the eardrum on Dirk. Dirk continues to grunt in higher octaves. But the pirate is not interested in killing the reining emperor that means I have to save Dirk. I sigh with annoyance.
Kill Dirk!
I do not link, connect, and Tele talk to the pirate but greatly desire that wish crossing my heart and hoping Dirk dies right here and right now.
I continue to step forward. The pirate trembles in fear. My telepathic mind can feel his fury and then his nervousness within his emotional state of mind. He is not going to press the button on the maser at Dirk; he is going to kill Starra.
I stop with a sour frown and sway my body sideways for fun watching his shooting hand that slightly trembles. His body shifts backwards for a kill shot absorbing the impacting ray at the approaching target.
I close my two gray-tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I execute a Tele grab on his maser and lift my hand capturing his weapon while drawing out my hidden weapon and fire at an un-armed dangerous pirate hitting the ray between his pair of ugly, black-tinted bushy eyebrows. He falls sideways on top of a squatted Dirk. Dirk uses his Tele skill and leaps up from the carpet rapidly sliding sideway from the dead body and stands against the row of windows viewing outer space.
I continue to shoot an alternating pattern of red tinted maser rays from each cupped hand at each pirate’s face in-between the two frightened citizens hearing the final death moan then seeing the fall dead body. I sigh with yuck-o.
I lose the math count after thirty deaths as the group of screaming and frightened citizens affect my concentration and then quickly scatter like marbles into the damaged hallway while running away from a dangerous Starra.
In front of the row of windows, Dirk faints and slides down the glass landing on top of the carpet panels wearing a pair of closed eyelids.
I complete my circle and finish off each pirate slowly swinging around and view Dirk. “Really!” I whisper and bounce to him holding the maser in my shooting hand and then halt. I squat down and exhale with annoyance placing the maser sideways on top of his wide and ugly pale-tinted forehead. I leave it there for a few seconds and then remove the item seeing blood on the gun and blood on his forehead. “Really!” I jerk my sour frown and view an empty room. “Really!” I return and view Dirk. I sigh with really.
I saved his life first. Now, I must rescue both me and him off a burning ship next. I sign with annoyance.
I close my two gray-tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I quickly execute a Tele scan on the reminding departments including the engine room, library, kitchen, sleeping rooms, other observation lounges, and the command center. Citizens and crew members are dead. Each room is blazing in terrible sizzling fires and drifting fire smoke is tickling my inflamed nose holes. The ram ship is doomed to burn for the rest of eternity. I sigh with doom-ment.

Yeah, it’s a word! Look it up here within the new galaxy.

I flick my two eyelashes and perform a Tele view down the hallway then halt. My zipper still lounges inside that escape pod both unharmed and operational inside the damaged observation room and this type of ship accommodates two persons and three pieces of luggage. I sigh with convenience.
My Tele senses ping. Everything is fine.
“Really!” I whisper with annoyance and open my two eyelashes staring down at Dirk, exhaling with more annoyance. I toss the weapons and stand upright flinging my hand in the air with the missing fingernails, executing a Tele grab then a Tele drag using my telekinesis on Dirk.
His body lifts and moves a few millimeters off the carpet panels. Can you say, carpet burns, baby! I spin around with a smile trailing his unconscious, bleeding body behind my back spine and quickly exit the damaged room walking down a smoke-filled and damaged hallway. I create a Tele shield and place around me then ponder for a few second and cover Dirk too. I sigh with meanness.
I stumble down the hallway then execute Tele flight flying over each dead body and burnt item reaching my observation room. I side-step and send Dirk into the room first, then through the damaged nose cone and un-gently toss him into the empty passenger seat. I dash ahead and squat down carefully rushing through the sizzling cables and dented metal pieces reaching the pilot’s chair.
I do not bother with a cold engine start and execute a Tele zap using my telekinesis on the machine. The zipper slowly moves backwards while screeching in metal pain. Outer space vacuum sucks both the oxygen molecules and loose articles of trash from the opening flooding the observation room with ice cold air. If a stupid pirate or citizen is hanging around there during my exit, then they don’t exist anymore. I sigh with sorrow.



A few minutes later…

15th hour (late afternoon)
Cold black outer space with minus 1000ºF

I continue to fly backwards then swing in a half-circle executing a Tele shove away from the burning ship heading towards the end of the first solar system before the Wall. Streaks of colored lines aggregate a star’s planetary structure in each window from my swift Tele speed. The ram ship prettily explodes into a billion pieces in the colors of red, green, yellow, pink, blue, and orange space trash creating more garbage junk for the Wall to eat and feed.
The Wall is a geometric thing in the middle of the universe, where a living object divides the universe into two solar systems with planets, citizens, and trouble.
I do not turn but hear Dirk’s snore then sneer at the front window. I could not save the other live citizens, if there were any other citizens to save between the multiply high impact explosions of deadly fires and lunatic pirates. I sigh with sadness.
Get this! The dead citizens were trying to save Dirk making the universe all wrong. But I’ll fix it. I promise. I sigh with glee.



Ten minutes later…

Planet Commerce
Royal castle of Emperor Dirk
Manicured lawn setting
Sunny sky without clouds at 78°F


I drop the ship swiftly down towards the planet named Commerce, home of the present and past rulers of the universe, harbor of merchandise markets, host of the Game, a popular sporting activity in the galaxy. However, the universe keeps changing within each new alien timeline, since the first one.
I do not glance but hear the noise coming from the passenger seat. Dirk still snores and appears unconscious wearing a few minor cuts and blue tinted bruises on his pale body.
I am not touching or talking to him. He can touch himself. I sigh with frustration.
I shake gray hair bands into my eyelashes needing a hair trim then switch my mental mind and face my new dilemma, an unknown alien in an unknown universe. I sigh with secret.
If I had survived alone from the ram ship’s explosive, then I would have been pursued, prosecuted, and punished by my neck muscles hanging and dangling on a rope noose from an extended steady tree limb or maybe a home-made wooden gallows structure inside the Game stadium as decreed by the next king or queen of the universe.
“I had no choice.” I whisper for my eardrums only. I sigh with judgment.
I halt the zipper in the air then slowly lower it to the ground and roughly tap the zipper in a thick plot of tall dead yellow and live green weeds killing the ugly front yard and then kill the engine. Destroying the ugly weeds and pods of fossilized dead plants and flower stems, thousands of citizens stand and cheer for Starra.
I slide off the seat and stomp down the weeds standing in confusion without smiling or waving at the gathered crowd of natives and a few robots. O! The few floating robots are capturing or killing both the running mice and hissing snakes.
Someone screams in terror from a slithering snake.
A welcoming party of three rows of human and metal individuals slowly slap each tall weed and stomp through the knee-high grass and finally approaches Starra coming from the castle’s side entranceway. Dirk still rests uncomfortable and unconsciously in the passenger seat still snoring. And overweight and balder General Ivan leads three lines of staff. A row of short and tall, both female and male Militia guards in a neatly pressed and nicely ironed blue uniform; a metal row of silver-tinted, cylinder-shaped Bbots and a second metal row of tall, slender, cylinder-shaped Gbots in dull silver hue. Ivan stops and stands at the nose profile on Starra.
The row of Bbots fly sideways over the weeds and scurry around the rear of the zipper attacking the passenger door and then grab Dirk from the seat.
Ivan commands. “Bbots, retrieve and carry his Royal Highness to the medical ward now.”
Head Bbot drones in an alto timber, “Yes, General Ivan!” The robots work fast and then fly away from the zipper and Ivan. The human guards swing around at the same time and slowly follow Dirk inside the castle interior.
I continue to stand and stomp at the weeds. Something is moving in the tall blades. But my mind clicks with action. Hmm! Maybe, someone trying to kill Dirk as I don’t have the answers and don’t care either. The fleet of dead pirates are lousy at their killing job. They should try a new career in peace and harmony. I sigh with annoyance.
“Who are you?” Ivan presents a stern face.
I stare at the crowd of natives and some robots then view the zipper, then view Ivan and finally look at the crowd waving both of my arms in the air, shouting out my name, “Starra!” The crowd cheers and claps for the stranger.
Ivan nods with a smile. “You saved Emperor Dirk…”
“…without a last name,” I giggle.
“Did you say something?”
“Naw!” I laugh and clap with the crowd. I am not a warrior or pilot or noblette or commoner or citizen but an alien. I sigh with secret.
“The universe wants to thank you, Starra,” He continues to smile.
Great!  I need food, shelter and a job. I say, “Thanks.”
“Starra, please, accept the humble thanks from Emperor Dirk as his invited guest here in the royal palace for an evening of delight. Luxury accommodations have been arranged for your stay. I am afraid Emperor Dirk will not avail himself to meet with you due to his medical condition.” He spins around and slowly moves ahead towards the castle. The Gbot robot line starts to fly-ass-backwards in a straight row and stares at Starra while hearing the cheers from the crowd decrease and then goes silent. Then the crowd mumbles and then slowly scatters away from Starra and the zipper tromping through the weeds, without stomping a snake. I sigh with confusion.
“I accept!” I smile and follow behind Ivan. I’m invited to stay at the palace for the remaining daylight and evening hours. The eighth alien timeline is starting out funny, but I possess no money, job, food, shelter, clothes, ship, or bot to assist in finding employment, providing shelter, buying food items that is required for my body, mind, and Rann. I sigh with contentment.
The interior walls of the royal castle look pretty uglier than the outside lawn of dead flowers and tall weeds displaying multi-colors of purple, green, and gold streaks with peeling paint strands, chipped plaster, missing baseboards, scattered types of smelly and disgusting trash items on the walls and the floor and the ceiling planks.
“Yuck!” I sidestep from the item and whisper for my eardrums only. “Are those human teeth?”
The wall corners hold spider webs with mama spider and her new babies. “Geez! I have entered a horror house of horrors.” A single quiet guard leads Starra to the side wall, takes the staircase and exits on the second floor, moving down an empty and dirty hallway then halts. She points to the open archway and presents a smile.
I halt and stare at the female guard with worry then execute a Tele sweep on the guard and in the bedroom. The guard is true and tired. The room is safe, clean and pine-scented. I sigh with satisfaction.
I nod to my escort then enter the new bedroom slamming the door shut. Hbot activities in the present of a heated object and stands flat on the floor in the wall corner and then lifts off the floor flying towards Starra.
I remove my dirty clothes and slide down into the cool-feeling, lavender-tinted, queen-sized bed linens. I wiggle in place and smile at the robot, “Hbot, bring me three pieces of chocolate cake and a pitcher of sweet milk!”
Hbot fly-ass-backwards and opens the door leaving Starra. Then the robot returns a few minutes later and holds a tray displaying three dessert plates, a pitcher of milk, a tall tumbler, and a single yellow-tinted rose in a short glass vase, placing the tray on her lap. I grab the fork and stab the first piece of cake commanding like an alien princess. “Leave! Don’t bother me for the rest of the evening! And close the dang door!” I eat the cake and exhale with delight. I sigh with happiness.
Hbot fly-ass-backwards into the hallway and shuts the door leaving Starra alone.

Alien Day 142


Royal castle location
Sunny day with gray clouds at 64ºF

Bedroom suite setting
7th hour (early morning)


Loud musical tunes enter the bedroom wall and flow straight into her eardrums while stirring Starra awake.
I open my two eyelashes and leap from the bed dragging the linen sheets with me and over the floor tiles, stopping at the window glass and view a fun, loud parade. Marching bands of musicians with instruments, colorful noble floats with snobby nobles and noblettes, sidewalk market exhibits of merchandise, and running figures run from something.
I gasp in shock and execute a Tele probe using my telepathy seeing fun activities, not dead blows.
Men are talking. Women are shopping and children are dancing, skipping, playing, and singing on the yellow-tinted cobblestone street behind the noble parade procession.
I gasp in shock and shout out loud, “Jubilation Day! Today is Jubilation Day.” I sigh with thrill-ness.
Citizens wear fancy costumes and colorful stylist dresses, so Dirk has renewed the old customs and traditions. I sigh with delight.
I back step from the window and swing around with a smile, slowly moving ahead, staring at my dirty clothes on the floor, when my eyeball views a purple box with a matching bow tied around the square corners. I detour from my pile of dirty clothes then stop at the sitting chair, leaning down, ripping open my gift, since I love getting presents.
The gift comes from Dirk, the purple bow is a big clue.
I drop the box lid on the floor seeing a gray-tinted, long, gala dress, a pair of matching gray-tinted, high-heeled, summer sandals, and a pair of short gray-tinted gloves.
“What! No glittering tiara, Dick!” I bounce in delight. “But I’m attending the Jubilation Day festivities in royal style, to boot.” I sigh with joy.
Don’t get scared, ya’ll! I am both careful and cautious. This is a gift from Dirk, my number one enemy in the galaxy.
I dress and prance down the staircase hitting the ground hallway, gliding to the front door. A guard opens the door. I graciously exit the royal castle and shade my sensitive eyeballs from the bright sunrays while sneering in annoyance at the thoughtless emperor. “What! No sunglasses either, Dick!” I move ahead to a purple-tinted, open-air carriage with two purple-tinted horses. I sigh with weirdness.

Twenty-five minutes (half-an-hour later in Commerce time) the team of mechanical colorful horses stomp ahead and loud neigh at the rude crowd of natives and finally arrive in front of the orange-tinted building. I gracefully exit the carriage and enter the auditorium holding the hemline on my elegant ankle-length dress. The dress possesses a set of long, tight sleeves in lace, a turtleneck collar, and a tight skirt with a small train collecting trash items from the floor. Yeah, the dress is tight, hot, and uncomfortable. I rip off the hand gloves dropping on the floor. My body is covered in fabric from my throat muscles below down to toe bones. The only exposed parts of my body are my golden freckles and my big smile. I sigh with heat.
I swear, if my dress was tinted in black hue, then I would be attending a state funeral. But Dirk is not dead, yet. He survived the pirate attack and me, which was a miracle. But his end time is coming up, maybe, not this timeline, but soonest. I am a working Tele Mistress, who is better than a working Tele Master. I sigh with overconfidence.
The air currents are very heated here inside an overcrowded, smelly auditorium setting with numerous natives. Every paint chip is in place as I view a familiar orange-tinted space, a purple-stained wooden elevated center stage and one golden-plated throne chair. Dirk sits inside the chair, of course.
I continue to spy on Dirk and quickly grab an empty seat on top of a U-shaped, metal-coated, silver-tinted, hard bleacher then view feeling jealousy envy at the noble second floor roomy booths which hold Prince Rann, Marquis Tok, General Ivan, Viscountess Rita, and Ambassador Ty.
I had fun inside Rann’s royal sky box as Lady Starra, a long time ago. Now, I am plainer and older Starra. I sigh with plain-ness.
In the wall corner underneath a gigantic comlen, the Master of Ceremonies stands alone and wears a long dark blue robe shouting into the exposed comfones within the ceiling rafters addressing a very hushed crowd, “Emperor Dirk has three very important proclamations for the citizens of the universe.” The citizens softly mutter.
I cross my arms and mentally talk to my neurons. Well, spit it out Dirk! I don’t have all day. The daylights are is heated. I am losing the heated sunrays as you tinker with your purple robes.
The Master of Ceremonies is tall male with a head of shoulder length brown hair and points at Dirk. Dirk smiles and slowly stands fluttering the robe tails around his tallness. Loud claps and cheers from the citizens bombard the room.
I do not clap but I am heated, annoyed, and impatient.
“Thank you, kind citizens, for your warm reception. Master of Ceremonies, please, continue with my three announcements,” Dirk sits down.
“The gang of nasty pirates have been totally destroyed. The terrible pirate raid on the star yacht consumed the last of the horrible terrorists. General Ivan cannot locate any more pirates on asteroid Resort or around the planets of Commerce, Tech World, and Agri. The pirates are gone.” The kind citizens sound with loud cheers, claps, hoots, and whistles.
I sit and sneer at Dirk.
The Master of Ceremonies lifts his palm then halts the happy celebration slamming his hand on his silky robes. “The Crown would like to honor a citizen of the universe, who is solely responsible for this fantastic defeat of the pirate gangs as well as personally saving our emperor of the universe from certain torture and death from the dangerous and deadly foe.” The kind citizens sound with louder cheers, claps, hoots, and whistles.
I drop my arms and shake my curls whispering for my eardrums only, “Naw.” That statement does not affect my person. I don’t need more attention. I sigh with embarrassment.
He lifts his palm again and halts the celebration. “The Crown recognizes Citizen Starra for her valor bravery, loyalty, and daring rescue and then save Emperor Dirk, who is sole ruler of the universe. Citizen Starra, please, come up and approach center stage.” The kind citizens sound with the loudest of cheers, claps, hoots, and whistles.
I slowly stand from my bleacher seat and sneer at Dirk. Dirk slowly stands from the throne chair and smiles at Starra. I do not trip on the bleacher steps then hit the floor roughly strolling over the tiles wearing my tight dress using my telekinesis for balance. Dirk gracefully floats down the short staircase then floods the floor with the extended long silky tails on his lavender-tinted royal robes slowly advancing towards Starra.
Give me the medal! Get me out of here! I wave and smile with my shooting hand, minus a maser, of course, at Dirk. Ivan had removed the deadly weapons from my zipper and my body, before I entered the royal castle yesterday.
Dirk meets and greets appearing like a tall, lavender-coated stone status of pale ugliness, plastered with a smirk of twisted pink-tinted lips, sneering in sour breathes of anger. He is bestowing Starra with attention and recognition here within the unknown universe for his evil purpose. I sigh with deception.
My Tele sense ping. Everything is fine.
“Really!” I whisper for my eardrums only and halt a few feet from Dirk, wearing a fake smile, still smelling the stream of his sour breathes.
He slightly leans down like he is giving her a bow. The audience cheers. He whispers with a sneer, “Good job, Starra. You saved my life.” He shoots upright and growls at Starra.
“Thanks!” I moan at my new upcoming troubles.
He wipes out a silver-tinted rock-like medal tied on a white ribbon from his robes and lifts the item in the air. The audience continues to cheer and clap.
The Master of Ceremonies lifts his palm and halts the noise. Dirk drops the earth element around her neck. The audience continues to cheer and clap louder.
The Master of Ceremonies lifts his palm and stops the noise again. Dirk smiles at the audience and drones in tenor over her hair roots. “Thank you, Citizen, for saving my life. I owe you a universe of gratitude that I will spend the rest of my life paying for…for your unselfishness. So, I impart the title of first lady of Planet Ice to you, Citizen Starra. Congratulations, Countess Starra who owns and rules the Planet Ice.” He bows at a fitted waistline to Starra. The audience stands and cheers wildly.
I exhale with annoyance then roll my eyeballs into my forehead looking so beauty and then view a taller Dirk, wishing for a maser hand pistol I sigh with deception.
He slowly uprights and follows the body of Starra then winks at her distorted face.
I do not comment but think terrible mental thoughts that involve the word, death. I moan in mental pain. “Thanks!” I really desire Dirk dead, but it is coming soonest. I sigh with danger.
I quickly back step from Dirk then elegantly spin around waving my shooting hand, smiling with a set of good teeth. The rock medal hit my chest and dangles from my neck muscles as my Tele senses view Dirk. The audience still stands and cheer with more wildness.
I swiftly return to my empty seat in the bleachers sitting down, sneering at Dirk. He stands alone and smiles happily. I sigh with doom.
The Master of Ceremonies lifts his palm and halts the noise again. “The Crown, his Mighty Majesty, His Royal Highness, and the great Emperor Dirk of the Universe proclaims with great delight and careful consideration a decision to take a wife to rule beside him as the Empress of the Universe.” The audience stands and cheers again.
I stand and cheer with the natives, saying with satisfaction. “This is great! This is wonderful! So, Dick finally saw the light, after seeing the barrel on a deadly maser. The pirates are dead. His ram ship is destroyed. And he is finally going to marry his girlfriend Rita, after seven alien timelines. Now, he can occupy his time as a married man and have one or two or a dozen kids like him and Rita and then leave me alone.” I sigh with delight.
The Master of Ceremonies lifts his palm and halts the noise. “Please let me continue the announcement without interruption. Emperor Dirk, the sole ruler of the universe will seek an empress as set by the Book which establishes the mating rituals for the ruler of the universe. Emperor Dirk, the sole ruler of the universe, is seeking the finest female within the universe for his royal bride. She must be bright, talented, mature, and gifted to rule the galaxy beside Emperor Dirk.” I sigh with intrigue.
The finest female also must be deaf, dumb, blind, and totally stupid with a negative IQ to accept a marriage proposal from Lord Creep…naw…Emperor Creep. That’s my personal opinion here. But I am discussing Rita here. However, Rita is not the finest and fittest female within the unknown universe either. I sigh with puzzlement.
I whisper for my eardrums only and execute a Tele tap into my teleclairvoyance. “Mirror, mirror on the distance outer space Wall. Tell me this query! Who is the finest female of all them?” I sigh with amusement.
A female voice shouts into the room. “I wanna marry Dirk.” She stands and waves to Dirk. Dirk waves back.
“Who wants marry a monster?” The elderly female sneers at Dirk.
I open my two eyelashes and giggle at the silly conversations. I do not desire marriage to a tall, skinny, pale, ugly, and stinky Dirk, only cold-blooded murder. I dare the Master of Ceremonies to offer that deadly proposal as I’ll become the first citizen in line elbowing my way through the competition for the final kill shot with a maser or my bare hands. I scan and search for my man Rann, who leans out his skybox and stands beside his friend Ty. They bump heads and whisper about Dirk. Honestly, I will have to fight with Rann for the final death kill on Emperor Dirk. Too bad, Dirk can only be killed once.
I laugh out and continue to clap for the royal fool. I feel nasty bad today even wearing my ceremonial rock and my new noblette title. But I am not stupid either. Dirk has exposed my person for evil purpose, and I will be finding out, really soonest. I sigh with alien.
“In fairness to each beautiful and charming lady in the universe, Emperor Dirk will conduct an Empress Pageant. An Empress candidate must be over the age of 16 sun solar years and less than 200 sun solar years to qualify for the competition,” the Master of Ceremonies informs. The audience loudly cheers, claps, hoots, and whistles.
I do not bother to gasp in shock with that fact. I figured out a long time ago, the natives age slowly and live for years compared to an earthling. Get to the good stuff, man! Who are the names of the victims…naw…candidates? I bet they have been hand-selected by Dirk. I sigh with knowledge.
He lifts his palm as the audience quiets for the next announcement. He says. “The Empress Selection Committee has chosen the following lovely ladies from the universe.” The spectators sound with louder cheers, claps, hoots, and whistles.
Told ya! I lift my arms and pat my body with delight nodding my curls, wearing a smile. My Tele powers are heated and hot today. My body need heat and hot from the warm sunshine while working on a golden tan. Hurry up, man! This happy session is too long and very happy for Dirk. I sigh with impatience.
He says, “One candidate per planet, please.” The spectators laugh at his joke.
Pretty good joke! I clap and snigger with delight.
“Ladies, as I call your name, please stand for the citizens to view and admire. The Empress-in-Waiting candidates are listed in alphabetic order starting with the planet of Agri. Please applaud for the lovely Joy,” he shouts.
I gasp in shock and turn to view Rann’s skybox. Dirk is both ungentlemanly and mean. Joy is the permanent girlfriend and the future wife of Ty. Ty is the noble of Agri and Rann’s lifetime buddy making Dirk cotton picking, poco loco for picking her name and her body, I sigh with death.

I mentally flash backwards into a fifth alien timeline, at the Royal Carnival, when I had viewed the black cows and red fruits inside the Agri exhibition tent. Ty was there and showed off his farm produce, his farm livestock, and his new girlfriend. Joy was Agri native.

I mentally flash present searching for Rann, not locating him or Ty inside the Sahara royal skybox.

I mentally flash backwards, into a fifth alien timeline, when Dirk’s hired a mercenary who tried to assassin Ty at the Royal Carnival.

I mentally flash present into the eighth alien timeline watching Joy. She appears and stands near the railing inside the Agri skybox, without Rann or Ty. The other spectators loudly cheer, clap, hoot, and whistle.
“From the planet of Bonita, I present Lady Ann,” he shouts.
I gasp in shock and scan the row of skyboxes seeing Lady Ann. She is alive without waving her hand or wearing a smile inside the Bonita skybox. I sigh with shock.

I mentally flash backwards, into the first alien timeline, where I met both Ann and Dirk. Ann was a lady of a dead planet and he was only a lowly lord of a dead planet. And his mentor, Lady Rosa became my mentor and friend for a short period of time of two days.

I mentally flash back present, Ann is an Empress-in-Waiting candidate but not for long. Once permanently dead, they’re always gone! When a citizen dies in a previous alien timeline, that citizen does return and then dies again in the next space and time continuum. I sigh with sorrow.
He lifts his hand and stops the noise. “From the planet of Ice, Countess Starra.”
“What!” I shout in confusion then shake my curls hearing my name and my new noblette title then turn staring at Dirk. He smiles and stares back at Countess Starra.
Well, I do plan to reside in the ancient Ice mansion and sit on the ancient furniture, where Dirk has kindly bestowed the title and the property to me for saving his greedy life, which I seriously regret now.
The older female bumps into Starra and smiles. “Go on, honey! Go and get that royal crown!”
A rough male hand slams into the back spine on Starra shoving the young girl from the bleachers for her recognition also.
I exhale with silent fury and then slowly climb down each step landing on top of the floor, waving my arm in the air and slowly twirl around with a fake smile as an Empress-in-Waiting candidate. Dirk’s new evil plan has succeeded very well for him, not for me. I quickly return to my seat and accept a set of gently back spines, numerous handshakes, and a few cheek kisses from the children. I sigh with doom.
The Master of Ceremonies lifts his palm and halts the noise, “From the planet of Militia, Kia.” The other spectators loudly cheer, clap, hoot, and whistle.

I mentally flash backwards, into a third alien timeline, when Kit, the only teenage daughter of General Ivan and Generalette Mar became a Princess-in-training candidate for Prince Rann, the current ruler of the universe.

I mentally flash present seeing Kia inside the Militia skybox between her parents. Neither parent wears a smile but sneers at Dirk.
He lifts his palm and calms the audience, “From the planet of Resort, Mia.” The other spectators wildly cheer, clap, hoot, and whistle.

I mentally flash backwards, into a third alien timeline, when Mia, the daughter of Marquis Tok and his wife became a Princess-in-training candidate with Kit.

I mentally flash present and do not see Mia or her parents.
He lifts his palm and calms the audience, “From the planet of Sahara, Princetta Fay.” The other spectators loudly cheer, clap, hoot, and whistle.
Fay! Princetta! I scan and stretch my neck muscles searching for Rann within the auditorium setting. He knows her as she and he are both true natives of Planet Sahara. I sigh with mystery.
He lifts his hand and quiets the noise, “From the planet of Tech World, Viscountess Rita.” The audience wildly cheers, claps, hoots, and whistles.
Every native knows Queen…Lady…Viscountess…Empress Rita. Ah! That is the only royal bride for Dirk, and correct title for Rita. She is finally going to marry the slimy thing sitting in the throne chair. I sigh with satisfaction.
Dirk stands, smiles, and claps. Every citizen looks very happy today. Dirk must be using the gink drug in the water supply again. I sigh with curiosity.
The Master of Ceremonies lifts his palm and calms the audience, “I address each Empress-in-Waiting candidate. The Empress contest requires your participation in a royal parade on Festival Day, which will be celebrated in two days.” The spectators cheer, clap, hoot, and whistle.
But Festival Day is celebrated the day after Jubilation day. However, Dirk is changing the rules for some reason, so the beauty contest is coming up too quickly. I sigh with quicksilver.
He lifts his palm and halts the celebration, “Each Empress-in-Waiting candidate will design a parade float with a lovely royal theme. Your parade float theme will be judged by the citizens. Each citizen will vote using a Nbot. Each citizen will submit one vote for the royal female with the overall talent, beauty, charm, and intelligent as the newly elected Empress of the Universe.” I sigh with puzzlement.
One vote per citizen, please! I giggle with delight. Popular and pretty Rita is a person for empress and Dirk, not me. I sigh with dumbness.
On top of the center stage, Dirk stands and climbs down each step then halts on top of the floor exhaling with a string of sour breathes and then drones in a tenor timber. “My future royal bride will be announced, after the Empress Parade, and before the start of the Empress Ball. Everyone is invited to both events. I wish good luck to each Empress-in-Waiting. I dismiss of all you, nobles, citizens, and ladies.” The spectators wildly cheer, clap, hoot, and whistle.
This is one social dance and dinner, not for me. I sigh with absence.
A fleet of Hbots attack the audience…naw…doorways guiding the citizens to exit the auditorium setting. Then the same robots corral each Empress-in-Waiting candidate onto the second floor, inside a dining room setting, meeting each other and Dirk.

Two hours later, on the 12th hour of an early afternoon, I stare down at an empty plate. Stress or death does not bother my empty stomach muscles.
Dirk continues to babble about his boring life force, minus his Tele Master skills, of course, his upcoming stupid wedding plans, his future ugly royal bride, and his silly empress contest at shared lunch table. I sigh with boredom.
He parts his lips for the next word and then hears the familiar name coming from one of the candidates, “Rann!”
Dirk fakes a smile and views each noblette. “My royal staff members are available twenty hours during the daylight hours or evening hours to assist with your empress costume regarding the fabric selections and design, furniture, decorations, personnel, flowers, balloons, and streamers or what other items you might need to equip for your float.”
I continue to sit and stare at Dirk pondering my empress float with high columns flying kiddie balloons, low rows of colorful paper streamers, and a donkey body with Dirk’s head and numerous darts in his paper forehead. That will not win me the title of empress. I laugh out loud with amusement.
Rann appears in silence and stands beside Dirk smiling at each candidate.
Joy whispers to Starra. “That’s Prince Rann, the noble from the planet of Sahara. Do you know him, Starra? Do I know you from somewhere, Starra? Rann is famous for killing an evil king and stopping the Civil War. He would not accept the title of ruler and give it to Dirk. Isn’t that nice and kind of Rann?”

I mentally flash backwards, into the second alien timeline, an evil King Rex was killed by his eviler royal daughter Rita using his jeweled dagger into his back spine.

I mentally flash present into the current alien timeline and stare at Rita.
“O! It’s another hero of the universe. How many heroes does a galaxy need?” Rita giggles and smiles at Starra. Rann back steps then struts ahead going around Dirk, stopping beside Starra then bows down at his fitted waistline like a nobleman. I sigh with true love.
Rita smirks. “Have you met our little heroine of the universe, Starra, darling?”
I cringe at that ugly pet name coming from her red-tinted lipstick and the softly sneer at Rita.
He slowly uprights and then reaches out touching Starra’s naked hand, softly kissing her soft skin. She giggles with delight. Rann lifts his face but does not release her hand, “I offer respect and honor in allowing me to touch your hand, Countess Starra.”
I blush in pink tone feeling red hot. My heart pounds inside my eardrums as I hold my breath. I sigh with heated passion.
Rita gags on her mouth spit then blows out an array of heated, moist snot balls from her covered nostrils into her used and abused cloth napkin, dropping the item in her plate. She quickly stands and stares at Starra, “I’m late for an appointment. Please excuse me from the delicious lunch meal, Emperor Dirk and my fellow empress candidates.” She leaves the room.
Dirk stands with a grin and nods to each candidate. “I must leave and get back to my royal duties also. Good luck, candidates!” He leaves the room.
Rann smiles at Starra and speaks to Rita and Dirk, “I’m so sorry to see you leave Dirk and Rita.” There is no love or like between these two citizens. The other candidates exit the table then leave the room also. Rann sits and smiles at Starra leaning into her space, “I hope you don’t believe the information Rita says about me. I can tell you with a straight face that it is all lies.”
I gasp in shock then softly giggle flirting with Rann. “Well, I do believe the lies, Sire. They make you seem manly hu-man to wo-man,” I fiddle with the napkin wiping off the mouth spit from his kiss on my hand.
“With that said, then you’re allowed to believe the lies. Are you nervous, Starra?”
“Naw! I am not nervous.”
“I don’t mean to dampen your spirit, but I would feel a little afraid.”
“I am not afraid of Dirk.” I laugh.
“I admire your guts,” he smiles. 
“I admire you.”
“Do you?”
“I do!” I wink and practice my wedding vow, before marrying my man, not Dirk. I sigh with true love.
We sit at the table and talk for hours. Then we stroll around an empty auditorium sneaking into each noble skybox eating the snacks of food, consuming the food items and cold beverage until the late evening hours. This time measurement is based on the math number of 10. Thus, there are 20 hours within a day and night session.

On the 9th hour, on a very late, cool evening, Rann walked Starra back to the royal castle admiring the twinkling stars and colorful planets reaching the front door. Then Rann verbally threatened the royal guards with a death act, if one tattled to Dirk. I sighed with satisfaction.
I released his hand and entered the castle alone pondering his warm body and his strong bicep.
Note: I am not marrying Dirk even with a maser barrel against my temple. I sigh with death.
I use my Tele power to locate my assigned bedroom as my regular neurons only ponder Rann. I enter the room then undress sliding into bed, slapping the mini-bot on top of the bed linens.
During the lunch meal, Hbot distributed a mini-bot to each candidate with empress instructions. Then alone, Rann and I dissected the empress rules while laughing and joking about silly empress competition.
I will repeat. I don’t desire to marry Dirk, only kill him. And I don’t desire to be an Empress-in-Waiting, only kill Rita, too. I sigh with logic.
I roll over and land on my stomach closing my two eyelashes.

I mentally flash backwards, into a third alien timeline, I served as a princess candidate too. 

I mentally flash present within the eighth alien timeline, I hope there are not formal or informal dinner parties, dress up clothes, dancing with strangers or chatting with Dirk as an Empress-in-Waiting candidate. However, I am required to build then ride on a parade float that represents my native planet then appear as the Empress candidate at the Game while watching the players bloody each other’s body parts. The Sahara Warriors team win as usual.
Next, Rita will win the empress contest and marry the emperor. And I not working as a bridesmaid in their wedding production either. I am not attending their marriage ceremony but my own wedding ceremony with my man Rann. No. He has not asked for my hand in marriage, but he is very, very close. I sigh with true love.

Alien Day 143


Space Station Uni
Cold dark outer space minus 1000ºF
8th hour (early morning)


Imagination is the first test for the empress pageant, not a beautiful appearance. I might win a beauty contest, but I desire not to win the groom. I sigh with grossness.
I was awakened by Hbot and ordered by Ivan leaving my warm bed sheets on Commerce, traveling inside cold interior zipper to colder space station Uni, which is the academic center of the universe.
I now sit in padded seat at a metal desk staring at the built-in bot screen inside the main library scanning scattered data bits for a potential royal theme to build my empress float. The float must be designed and constructed starting today and finishing tomorrow, before the celebration of Festival Day. I sigh with distress.
I don’t wanna ride in an Empress parade or be an Empress-in-Waiting or win the Empress thingy as the mini-bot screen blinks in pretty colors of red and blue. I sigh with nothingness.
I pull all available academic and scientific information like an imaginary student on Planet Ice, a round ball of radiated frozen oxygen and hydrogen molecules and meat. The native world is covered silver slick frozen water, hammered with snowy blizzards every day on both hemispheres. The winter animals consist of fossilized bears, seals, fish, and fowl not flying, walking or soaring over white frozen land, sea or sky. The planet was vaporized using numerous maser bombs within the first alien timeline and would not be inhabited for 1,000 solar sun years.
I musically tap my newly manicured index fingernail on the silver portion of the keyboard without touching a single key while softly wording for my eardrums only. “Snow, blizzards, cold temperatures, furry animals! A furry snow owl?” I giggle. “A fuzzy snow maiden? Naw. An Ice king? Dirk holds that title. An Ice Queen? Rita holds that title. Yeah, I can picture it now. They occupy the fake white-coated snowy Planet Ice floatie as the paired Ice King and Ice Queen and leave me out of it.” I giggle with my silly humor as I am truly losing my mind then suddenly hunger for a dessert bowl of chocolate-covered ice cream with white whipped cream. I cut eyelashes to the clock on the screen at the 10th hour, the mid-day mealtime. I have been pondering, gathering, and trying for three hours selecting an empress parade theme. Part of the empress rules, I must send my theme idea to the other candidates without creating competition or confusion or conflict. I sigh with annoyance.
This morning, on the 6th hour, at the crack of dawn, inside a carrier ship, I selected and then texted the Mother Nature theme beating the other candidates to the great idea.
I live on a farm plantation with cotton, cows, and corn. I haven’t worked on a farm plow for the past 143 days while hanging around a new galaxy working, playing, eating, sleeping, laughing, fighting, losing, and then dying over and over and over and over, again. I sigh with worry.
I didn’t know which candidate replied back and then informed that the Mother Nature theme was not available for the empress competition. I became mad and started texting out numerous nasty and lovely parade float themes to all the empress candidates and someone kept sending back a message: not available. I strongly suspected the snot-hole invader was Dirk, who was texting back, rejecting my ideas, and annoying my butthole, for his fun. I sighed with fury.
“Mermaid of the Sea,” a deep sexy baritone trombone sings behind her skull.
I smile then spin around in the chair leaning into his heated body. “Mermaid of the Sea.”
He scoots sideways and leans beside Starra typing on the keyboard. A new picture displays. He does not stand and smiles. “You represent the planet of Ice. There is plenty of cold water. I visited there before….” He exhaled with sadness. “I enjoyed ice fishing in the cold waters.” Rann stands upright and slides sideways pulls another chair, sitting beside Starra. He leans into her space and type with five fingers on the keyboard.
I giggle and grin touching his cheekbone, staring at the screen while whispering inside the library setting, “The water is ice cold-feeling, not warm, like the Resort Ocean waves on Resort.”
He smiles at Starra, “Yes, you are correct. Did your family vacation there before…”
“Yeah.” I fib and sense his sad feelings regarding the destruction of his home world.
He clears his throat and says. “Mermaids are mythical creatures. They theoretically live in water, both cold or warm feeling.”
“You’re correct. This entire contest is a myth and a joke and a ruse…”
He sits back and frowns at Starra, “Dirk is not a joke. He is the emperor. The Book states he can marry any adult female woman he wants.”
I frown and nod to Rann, “Dirk should marry Rita. He loves her. She loves him. Why doesn’t he marry her on Festival Day?” I sign with curiosity.
“The Book lists the instructions on the royal formality for the Crown. Dirk is following the royal law and protocol, Starra,” he nods.
Okay. I am wrong and I have learned something important. I need to get my hands on another red-tinted Book and read the stupid rules twisting the narrative back at Dirk. He is working on a new evil plan and it involves his evil partner Rita that is coming after me. I sigh with danger.
Rann leans over again into her space and starts type on the keyboard, “For covering your parade float, I would suggest a silver draped fabric lining the floor and the outside base.”
I snuggle closer to his cheekbone while smelling his cologne of citrus and pine. I whisper into his eardrum, “Okay.” I like his idea and cuddle his body before reporting back to Dirk at the royal castle. And my mind is a blank page. I sigh with true love.
He continues to work on the keyboard. “Inside the base of the lorry, you can add six water tanks with fish, sea stars, sea horses, shells, and other small but harmless marine life for your mermaid image.”
I speak into his eardrum, “Where do I get the small but harmless marine life forms from?”
“The small but harmless marine life forms will come from asteroid Resort! Don’t worry. I have numerous connections there,” He winks at her.
“You do, do you? I thought asteroid Resort was off limits to every citizen for sightseeing.”
“For the majority of citizens, including Dirk, it is,” he softly chuckles.

I mentally flash backwards, into a seventh alien timeline, when I was kidnapped, blindfolded, and abducted to a small ocean island on asteroid Resort by Rann.

I mentally flash back present, within the eighth alien timeline, Rann doesn’t remember our fun adventure together on the ocean island. He does not recall any of our fun or dangerous events from the previous seven alien timelines. I sigh with worry.
“How entertaining.” I softly state. Each timeline, I must re-flirt and re-mind Rann of my love that we had shared in the past. However, each timeline is becoming easily for Rann to locate and find my person while expressing his desire to be with me. I sigh with true love.
He continues to fiddle with the keyboard while drawing a sketch on the bot screen. “Your costume will be colored in black hue as a two-piece long dress. Then miles of diamonds will be glued on the outer fabric of the top piece which will stimulate the illusion of shimmery ice crystals.”
“Your creation is so beautiful, Rann.” I stare at his cheekbone, not the screen pondering our future wedding ceremony later this week, after the silly empress contest. I sigh with hope.
“A diamond-encrusted star fish figure will lie in the middle of your long hair.” He stops typing and reaches out, touching her cheekbone first gliding his finger into her hairline.
“You are so wonderful, Rann.” I smile.
He does not pull his finger from her hair and smiles. “I enjoy designing numerous items including clothes.”

I mentally flash backwards, into a sixth alien timeline, when Rann designed a new zipper ship better than the original zipper model that he used in wartime.

I mentally flash back present and stare into his eyeballs wearing a smile.
“What do you think, Starra?” Rann asks.
I giggle with silliness and flirt with my man, “You saved me.”
“I did.” He frowns with puzzlement.
“You did. I don’t know how I’ll ever repay you for your ideas, gifts, and generosity, Rann.” I smile.
“Your long skirt will be slit and made of iridescent stones showing off your legs.” He winks. “An iridescent stone is a semi-precious gem that glitter in the bright sunlight rays similar to a diamond with touches of yellow, orange, pink, red, green, and blue embedded into the silver fabric.”
I softly clap with a nod. “Now, I have a theme and a costume, so I am ready for the empress parade.” I remark.
He leans over and types on the keyboard with five fingers, “Well, you are almost ready. I would suggest leaving from Uni and attending your dress fitting.”
“What about my Empress floatie?” I smile and bat my eyelashes.
He sits back with a frown then softly chuckles, “Well, I’ll be very happy to supervise the design, decoration, and décor of the floatie there on Agri while you are getting fitted for your dress. All building supplies and clothing fabrics are made and housed on Agri. We can leave Uni and travel to Agri in my zipper ship. Then we can go and dine with Ty and Joy for our evening meal. How does that sound, Starra?”
“Lovely!” I smile.
Rann snaps his fingers and stands from the chair leaning down, assisting Starra to stand.
I wobble in the pair of high heeled sandals and wadded tail ends on the long skirt appearing like a matron, not a maiden. Dirk had gifted my room with more purple colored boxes that contained the ugliest clothes in the galaxy.
Rann continues to cuddle Starra during her wobbling moment. I unwrap my twisted skirt and then exhale with annoyance. Four of his honor guards appear and stand a few feet from Rann, Starra, and the work desk. “Gather up her items first and join up with me as our fly escort as we travel to Agri.”
“Yes, Sire,” The lead guard nods and stands in place.
Rann extends his arm. I accept his arm. We spin around and slowly exit the library setting for his zipper ship and the trip to Planet Agri.

Two alien days later….


Alien Day 145

Empress Parade
Cobblestone street location

Yellow sun and blue sky with row of scattered white clouds at 68ºF
7th hour (early morning)

Every native is excited for Dirk, his future unknown empress bride, and his upcoming royal wedding ceremony lining the sidewalks, killing the grass blades, and littering the street stones with trash piles of uneaten food item and waddled paper cups. The Empress parade route rides on the familiar cobblestone street starting at Dirk’s castle leading to the Game stadium and every native will enjoy the upcoming bloody and sometimes deadly football competition. I sigh with boredom.
Dirk stands on top of his float and waves his purple gemstone scepter flapping his purple robes like a bird in heat. The other parade floats rest in alphabetic order holding an Empress-in-training candidate.
Underneath a glittering curved archway with the words: Mermaid of the Sea, I lazily lounge my slightly curved body against a short bench sofa in black hue. I wear a silver-tinted tube top covered in millions of sparkling tiny diamonds beaming light from the sunrays. My skirt is very tight around my two hip bones shrinking in fabric and increasing in length down my toenails. A large slit is cut on my right-side of the mermaid skirt-thing exposing one naked leg. The skirt is silver-tinted and covered in cute swirly patterns of iridescent stones that glitter in the sunlight too. My feet are naked.
Don’t lose it!
I hide a pair of high-heeled summer sandals in matching silver hue underneath the bench sofa for dancing the night away in Rann’s arms before, during, or after the Empress Dance. I sigh with true love.
My throat, both earlobes, one wrist bone, one ankle bone, and my middle finger displays brilliance cuts of very large diamond stone jewelry. My hair is long and wavy sticking to my semi-naked back muscles. Today’s weather temperature is slightly warmer than normal. My hair roots firmly kiss a semi-circular diamond tiara.
Rann’s creation is very lovely on my body. My bench sofa stands in the middle of the lorry floor and surrounded by glass waters of fishes. Fishes!? I sound like a little kid. I am not seated near the school of fish inside each glass water tank. Now, I sound like an adult. I sigh with intelligence.
The school of fish do not move or swim as they are all fake floating dead in salt water. Rann was so sweet to capture and bring back schools of colorful live fish for my empress float. He dumped them down into the salt-water environment; but I came along and removed them later that evening.
I am a farmer, not a hunter. I love the natural woodlands and now the ocean seas. I cannot keep a live and breathing animal enclosed within a suffocating cage. That is so wrong on many levels of humanity and ethical societal ways. So, I returned the school of live fish back into the Resort Ocean, this morning, when everyone else was sound asleep with my Tele way. I sigh with deception.
I searched…naw…Tele scanned Dirk’s castle finding the children’s playroom and stole all the toy fish dumping the items down into the salt waters inside each water tank on my empress float.
I actually desire to become absent from the empress parade and lounge pool side absorbing an adventure book in solitude, tanning my fading body beside my future prince-husband Rann. I sigh with true love.
Behind Dirk, rows of robots roll the drumheads and toot the horns signaling an uplifting motion of each mechanic float. My Empress floatie slowly lifts off the stones then hovers third in line within the Empress Parade.
The mechanical band plays a loud marching song queueing the first float. Dirk leads the parade inside a modified, de-funked, non-operating roofless, silver-colored carrier outer space starship sitting on top of a modified roof and waves his purple-tinted gloved hand like a princess to the excited citizens. He flips his scepter in his other hand in the air and wears a large purple gemstone crown on top of his red-tinted hair roots. His slaves…naw…servants march beside the float and guard Dirk from something bad, probably anticipating a deadly attack coming from one or more of the following citizens: Rann or Ivan or Ty or Starra. The citizens enjoy tossing hard candy pieces and ripen fruit items at each guard for fun.
I continue to lough and snack on food items dipping my hand into the side pocket on the bench eats. Rann thinks of everything for me. That’s why I love him so much and must tell him my feeling right after the Empress contest. I sigh with true love.
The first alphabetic letter represents A for Agri and displays a sitting Empress-in-Waiting Joy.
Note: No person has a last name here within the unknown galaxy and no parent is allowed to name a child with the same name either.
Her float displays a row of gray prancing horses, a second row of black horses, a third row of orange and white horses pulling a rolling platform float. A wooden hand-made painted green sign reads: Sherwood Forest.
Sherwood Forest is decorated scattered pods of true brown-colored tree limbs and green tinted leaves coming from the Farm World and miniature blue-tinted fruit bushes, smaller green shade trees, a flock of singing red birds, and numerous loose blades of green grass.
I sniff the aroma of the fresh woodlands that I had smelled at my home Starbuck Plantation, on my planet Earth, in my Milky Way Galaxy. I sigh with homesickness.
Joy wears in a floor-length gown with a fifteen-foot princess train in dark green hue covering her neck, two arms, both hands, her waistline, both of her legs, and her feet. On her skull bone is flowing an ankle-length white fabric heft covering her hair, both her ears, and her forehead. The only exposed body part is her pair of piercing blue eyes and her smile at Ty. An emerald tiara encircles her white heft.
She is Maid Marian. Robin Hood, the central character in the fairy tale and is located on the float beside Joy, her dad, who is cunning and clever like the fictious heroic character. He dad does not wear a heft over his sneer displaying a green tinted tunic, a pair of matching trousers, and a pair of matching leather boots, aiming a true wooden bow with a loaded iron-coated arrow at Dirk’s rear skull. Her dad has planned to use that sharp arrow on Dirk’s butthole, if he dares to touch his daughter.
Ambassador Ty, the ruling noble of Agri is dressed as a second outlaw holding a maser rifle with the barrel tip pointing at Dirk’s rear skill, too, guarding Joy. Dirk has been warned, not once, but twice. Joy and Ty have been seriously dating since the fifth alien timeline.
The second letter of the alphabet is B for Space station Bio, the medical world for the sick and injured natives. Planet Bio is not a planet anymore, after it became damaged, not totally destroyed during the first alien timeline from another war. Marquis Tok replaced the first noble and then built a space station in outer space for the sick, injured, and dying citizens. Thus, there is not an Empress-in-Waiting candidate.
The other outer space planet that starts with the letter B is Bonita. The Bonita float holds Lady Ann. She lies horizontally on top of a flat sofa surrounding by short piles of soft, yellow-tinted roses without the thorns. Her head piece encircles her dark hair consisting tiny yellow roses and green leaves like a funeral wreath. Her yellowish tinted skin matches her yellow gown and her matching elbow-length gloves. She occasionally lifts then waves her gloved hand to the screaming natives that pelt the float with numerous pieces of hard candy, not ripen fruit.
I sniff the air waves that smells vile then look up and frown at the weird float design performing a Tele scan on her medical condition using my telemetabolics. Ann is both weak and fragile. She is quickly and quietly dying on top of that sofa. She will be dead by the end of the football game. I sigh with sadness.

I mentally flash backwards, into the first alien timeline, when Lady Ann died from a poisonous drink and then she was buried beside the old red barn.

I mentally flash back present within the eighth alien timeline that holds the same outcome for Ann like the previous seven timelines. Once dead, always gone!
The third letter of the alphabet is C for Planet Commerce. There is not cute female, only nasty Dirk.
The fourth letter of the alphabet is D for my pondering. I sigh with intellect.
There is not a planet named after the letter D, F, G, H, I.
The letter I represents Planet Ice, a dead world that was destroyed by a fleet of ram ships using hundreds of deadly radiated maser bombs within the first alien timeline and done by both Rita and Dirk and known to Starra and Rann. The terrible attack killed their citizens including Count Dov and his wife Countess Bea. Thus, there is not… I sigh with wishful forgetfulness.
My water-logged float shifts forward with a rough jolt as the next item into the parade route. The Master of Ceremonies hides somewhere and announces my name and noblette title to the screaming citizens and the recording Nbots. The water tanks simulate a mini-tsunami wave hitting the glass walls splashing additional salt water on top of the wet and soaked floor fabric causing more stinky odor molecules to expand in the air waves. It stinks like dead fishes. Fishes!? I sigh with mystery.
The float floor smells with tons of stale evaporating salt water and appears ugly with scattered pieces of fake fish toys. The other parade floats block the pretty skyline. I can’t even see the top bleacher seats of the Game stadium. I want off this float before Rann does not discover the fishes. There I go again with that “fishes” term. I sigh with more mystery.
My float jolts to the right-side then jukes to the left-side with a jiggling movement then stops every five feet. Jolt. Splash. Hover. Fall.
Stop. Jolt. Splash. Hover. Fall. I sigh with repeat.
I’m feeling a seasickness motion in my stomach and my two eardrums performing a Tele heal using my telemetabolics first healing my body then execute a Tele probe with my teleclairvoyance next.
Dirk is the cause of my nausea in more than one way. He halts his float every five feet then exits the ship shaking hands on numerous happy citizens. He is happy; I am unhappy. I sigh with annoyance.
“Move it!” I yell out loud in fury trying to reach his Tele eardrums then feel the float move in a repeating pattern of stop then jolt, then splash the water over the floor then hover in the air and finally fall to the street stones. I sigh with annoyance.
I frown with annoyance and face the sunlight melting my anger and annoyance at Dirk, the floats, and the parade. I close my two gray-tinted eyelashes and mentally talk to my neurons performing a Tele view on the rear line of empress floats. I sigh with not insane.
The next letter of the alphabet is J. There are no named planets with the letters J, K, L.
The letter M represents Planet Militia, a second space station, where General Ivan and Generalette Mar, and daughter Kia resides. The first, second, third, and fourth horizontal rows are composed of citizen guards. They swing a right leg up then down and then a left leg up then down in a robot-like sequence shouting in unison. “Left. Left. Left. Right. Left.”
The small females march on the first row. The small men glide on the second row. The taller females march on the third row. The taller males strut on the fourth row.
Each soldier displays an ironed and pressed blue tinted tunic, a matching pair of trousers, and a diagonal yellow tinted sash. The sash presents an assortment of colorful pins, medals, and vertical ribbons down the stiff fabric. Running around their fit waist, various weapons of mass destruction, such like, a sword, a dagger, three hand darts, a knife, and a maser pistol on the utility belt. A blue tinted hard helmet covers their bone skull, a pair of blue gloves on each hand and a yellow tinted silk scarf around each neck. Ivan must house a private weapon arsenal on his space station for each Militia guard.
The empress float is a rectangular-shaped lorry without no girly colored silky fabric, walking carpet, colorful balloons, paper streamers, and sating ribbons. The outside metal is lined with a row of waist-high, black-tinted, half-barrels of hard wood in-between boxes of deadly tall spears, curved swords, and long clubs. One box displays a large cross in red hue surrounded by first aid medical kits.
I laugh out loud. For once, a sour puss Ivan does exhibit his wicked sense of humor at Dirk. My Tele mind floats into the clouds and views the commotion on top of the cobblestone street.
Dirk has returned sitting on top of the flat, hard, metal-coated, modified rooftop, presenting a fake smile on his pale face sneering at Ivan’s visual message: Do not touch my daughter. His carrier airship slowly paces ahead leading the line of parade floats to the stadium grounds.
The next setoff letters start with N, O, P, R.
Planet Resort starts with the alphabetic letter R and is represented by an empress float.
The floor is covers in yellow hay strands and matching yellow tinted sawdust particles with a long naked dark-tinted wooden table in the center of the lorry. Something is lying on top of the table. It moves.
This empress float should get the grand prize for the scariest monster within the Empress Parade. O wait! That grand prize is already taken by biggest and scariest monster in the parade, Emperor Dick.
The ugly thing lies on its back muscles flapping hairy two arms and two legs in the air sounding out a set of low howls. Then it quickly sits upright at its waistline. “Ugly” is an understatement here. I laugh and holler along with the other natives.
Tia is the daughter of Marquis Tok and his wife. Tia also represents three planets including Bio, the hospital; Uni, the school, and Resort, the damaged entertainment world.
Monster Tia features three eyeballs of yellow, watery eye sockets surrounded by a layer dark black circles, wrinkled, gray-tinted, creepy skin, and three deep clashes in middle of its high wide forehead, a head of red-tinted fussy long strands and a pair of oversized red-tinted clapped lips. Then Tia Monster slowly stands on the floor measuring nine feet tall in height.
Beside the nine-foot tall Tia Monster costume, a shorter female…naw…male dances side to side with excitement of his ugly creation.
Marquis Tok is dressed in a long black robe, a painted green-tinted face with a large black wart on the side of his green nose, a red hat with colorful bird feathers. He whips around in the air a pair of wickedly semi-curved, silver-tinted swords commanding Emperor Dirk to obey and do not touch his daughter either.
I laugh with amusement and understanding. But Tia wears the wrong costume that truly belongs to Rita. I sigh with respect.
The next alphabetic letter is S and is represented by Planet Sahara. And the Empress-in-Waiting candidate is represented by a tall, elegant, slender beauty named Princetta Liz. I cannot find her ugly name or her uglier nose profile inside the mini-bot database from last night or this morning. I sigh with intrigue.
When the robots were lining up the empress floats in alphabetic order, my float passed a naked lorry that was placed next to last. And I had figured out the lorry belonged to Planet Sahara as Tech World’s float was behind and Resort float was before it. But the float was not decorated with float furniture.
Now, I greatly desire to ask Rann tons of nosy and rude questions about Princetta Liz, but he has been so kind, nice, and generous creating my Mermaid of the Sea dress with true diamonds and fake fishes. Fishes!? I sigh with mystery.
I couldn’t bother Rann with a little piece of trivial gossip of a mysterious beautiful young woman, who lives on his home world of Sahara. I have never met within one of the previous seven timelines her name or her person or her title. I sit on the bench sofa in both suspense and mystery. I sigh with intrigue.
Princetta is a proper noun from the bot dictionary, a sub-level below the princess rank. The unknown universe has lots of different weird rules, laws, and protocols for an earthling alien to understand and follow and this is definitely one of them.
Princetta Liz possesses a slender body frame with a pair of big breasts, a tiny waistline and long legs. She portrays the dead Egyptian Queen Cleopatra from Planet Earth’s history.
I come from Earth and recognize the familiar body gear including a golden crown in the shape of a cobra figure on her hair roots and a gold shimmering dress wrapped tightly around her dark tinted body frame. I scan the dress with Tele eyeballs and then gasp in shock. That’s not a dress as I wear a proper dress.
The empress float presents a flat golden tinted table in the middle of the floor. He body is stretched over the naked table sitting upright on both of her pointy elbows smiling at the natives down on the street. Panels of golden fabric waffle in the air over a thick railing that holds rows of glass boxes containing something. Something is inside the glass box. And it is alive.
My Tele eyeballs view piles of live slithering brown-tinted snakes and crawling tan-tinted spiders. I sigh with disbelief.
Numerous Sahara native snakes and spiders are housed inside a wide and long individual glass cage. Liz has robbed Sahara of its only living inhabitants. I bet Rann is very upset as he is the ruling royal noble of Sahara. I have to ask him about her. I sigh with mystery.
I greatly dislike Liz…ard. A lizard is a cold-blooded reptile eating, thriving and living in a desert setting too. I sigh with jealousy.
The audience members cheer and clap saying her wrong name, “Liz. Liz. Liz.” I sigh with envy.
They know her. I do not know her. Anyways, popular Liz tosses objects down in the crowd appearing like pieces of candy…naw…gems. Liz is pitching little pieces of mineral stones coming from the mines of Sahara, that are used for jewelry on clothes and fashion and weapon accessories.
The spectators go wild pulling and pushing other bodies getting to the scattered piles of grounded gemstones first consisting of tiny diamonds, rubies, sapphires, emeralds, pearls, and other semi-precious stones laying on top of the cobblestone street, the beige tinted sidewalks, and nicely manicured lawns on the noble mansions.
I’m impressed…naw…not impressed. This kitty knows her stuff hoping to marry Dirk. They seem to belong together. Creep and Lizard can live happily ever after, without me and mine. I sigh with meanness.
I gasp in shock and feel her power through my Tele waves.
The next alphabetic letter is T and represents Tech World. Empress-in-training…naw…waiting follows too close behind the Sahara’s rear bump. Rita must know Liz and I bet Rita hates her more than I do. I sigh with feline competition.
Yeah, I can go and ask Rita about the Princetta, or maybe I might restart the next Galactic Civil War. I sigh with intrigue.
Tech World builds all the mechanical, electrical, chemical, and state-of-the-art technological machines such like, bots and ships. The land of robots and a handful of citizens live on Tech World plus one witch, who is named Rita.
Four rows display a set of floating, cylinder-shaped, silver-tinted bots flying forward in a perfect formation. First two rows display Wbots that wear fashion items, a black sequined bowtie, an apron, or black sequined bonnet for a female robot or a top hat for a male robot, which I cannot distinguish Each bot twirl a white walking cane in one mechanical limb for drama.
I laugh with amusement. Rita has a great sense of humor. Normally, a bot is naked in metal gear and is not decorated with colorful cloth or fashion accessories, except at the balls, dances, dinners, tournament, and other special events.
The third row of Obots plays a musical instrument to the song tune entitled: She’s Coming Round the Mountain.
The fourth row displays Hbots holding a compact pom-pom of metal shards in red and white hue in a mechanical limb while chanting, “Rita. Rita. Rita…”
The fifth row consist of four flesh and blood technicians in a silver-tinted jumpsuit not singing, chanting or dancing. They march in a straight line in quiet silence like a zombie trance.
The empress float illuminates with blinking tiny lights of neon colors of orange, green, and red.
Rita is a bold, arrogant, and elegant royal noblette standing underneath a clear dome, wearing a strip-less bodice paired with a wide, long, puffy red tinted gala gown, a pair of long gloves, a large ruby crown on top of her blonde hair roots. Her long hair is pulled back into a tight bun. Her other exposed body parts are covered in gemstones consisting of emeralds, diamonds and sapphires. O my!
She smiles and waves with both gloved hands to the citizens. This site is truly spectacular.
Rita gets my vote for the empress bride to marry the emperor groom. I laugh with amusement.
The Empress Parade ends a few feet from the secret entrance gate that is not used by the natives. Each candidate exits their empress float and floats…naw…flutters ahead into the stadium ground for the upcoming bloody football game. I sigh with almost done.


Empress Ball
Bright and starry cool night temperature at 66ºF

Red building location
Orange tinted auditorium setting
14th hour (late afternoon)


After the bloody football game ended, where half the active players died or became permanently injured for life. The natives cheered for the winning team, the Sahara Warriors or cried over the dead football players.
Dirk dismissed the rowdy natives and then ordered…naw…invited them to the unknown red-tinted tall two-story structure, without a proper name. I sigh with puzzlement.
I left the Ice skybox on the second floor and hunted for Rann, which was a big mistake, not finding Rann, then giving up. I slowly exchanged my clothes and missed my empress ride to the unnamed building for the Empress Ball. So, I exited the stadium grounds and spotted a horse-drawn carriage and then donated the mermaid dress with the diamonds for payment.
At the red tinted building, huddles of nobles and commoners block the walking sidewalks, the four entrance doors, kill all the flower petals, and trash the street stones with garbage again. The outside building bricks and low ground statues are decorated in purple banners, purple balloons, purple…
Dirk is color blind in purple hue and money cheap in taste forcing his slaves…naw…servants to decorate everything in purple stuff for the Empress Ball. A purple tinted fabric carpet parts the sidewalk leading into the main lobby on the red building and displays a pair of honor guards in a new purple uniform. I sigh with lavender.
I am late again. My carriage halts a distance mile on the clogged street and away from the red building structure. I thank my driver with a silence head nod then standing hiking my long dress into my kneecaps and then perform a Tele leap from the floor, flying in the air and land on top of the manicured lawn avoiding the trash. I slowly stroll ahead with a stern face then elbow my way through the crowd of rowdy natives finally cutting across the flower bed and stomp on the purple runner heading towards the execution platform…naw…performance stage. Each candidate will sit in a purple chair and face the audience. The natives had cast their vote during the parade event for the best empress float that determines the new Empress of the Universe and the royal wife of Dirk. I sigh with not-happening.
However, I plan to leave after the sentencing…naw…the announcement of Rita’s name, tracking down Rann and then proposing marriage. I sigh with true love.
On top of the purple runner, I climb each purple-painted step then waddle ahead in my ankle-length, body-hugging, evening gown into a crowded auditorium floor, without seeing or feeling Rann. I scan each face for my man and continue to advance to the third chair on the center stage. The second princess throne chair for the alphabetic letter of B is empty. Lady Ann of Planet Bonita has disappeared…naw…died. I sigh with sadness.
I march up the steps and then sidestep towards the third chair, smiling at the female, “Hi Joy!”
“Hey, Starra,” Joy smiles and waves back then points to the empty chair, wearing a puzzled brow.
I shake my curls and sit down scanning the bleachers of natives. Nbots fly around the row of empress chairs and flash bright lights at each candidate. I frown into the blinding light then wave my hand executing a Tele shove on the annoying robot. The bot sail-ass-backwards from Starra and then slams into a set of empty bleacher seats denting its metal can, hissing in hot sizzling steam.
I giggled at the damaged robot. “Did I do that? I am so sorry…not, trash can,” I slam my hand over my parted lips and continue to giggle with the other candidates.
The Nbots or news robots do not quit their computer programming task buzzing like a swarm of common houseflies below the rafters, up and down the seat bleachers, and around each candidate, capturing the audio picture and vocal words. I sigh with revenge.
I should make a face or pick my nose or scratch my ear or stick out my tongue but decide the better social action. I cut my eyelashes around the room and locate Rann. He sits inside the Sahara skybox with his friend Ty but watches Starra. I sigh with true love.
I greatly desire to wave a friendly hand but dare not on top of the stage. I am not a bride for Dirk, only a pawn. Rann still stares and studies Starra. I jerk my arm in the air and display the universal bird sign with my fingers that embarrasses or harasses Dirk making Rann laugh. I love to hear Rann’s laughter. I lift my fanny then shift the same finger to scratch my a…
“Hello!” The same man, the Master of Ceremonies wears the same dark blue robe and a head of black hair strands yelling out loud over the loud voices, the louder musical instruments, and the beeping Nbot into the comfone, “Welcome to the Empress Ball!” Rainbow-colored, tiny paper dots of confetti rain down from the ceiling location coming from a row of hovering Sbots while three rows of Obots play a loud obnoxious musical fanfare. Then the drum heads roll, the loud horns toot, and the flutes tweet out a short musical tune.
I hold the bitter bile down my tight throat. A thin white tinted fog covers the dance floor. When it clears, Dirk magically appears within the misty air. He used the hidden door underneath the center stage floor and then leaped in the air. The audience members sound with loud cheers, applauds, and whistles.
And Dirk continues to stand and smiles as the audience continues to cheer, applaud, and whistles. I sigh with repeat.
And Dirk still stands and stands as they loudly continue to cheer, applaud, and whistle. I sigh with again repeat.
Dirk has spiked the punch bowl of liquid with Fiss that is the only logical explanation for his behavior and their loud cheering. I sigh with annoyance.

In mentally flash backwards, into a fifth alien timeline, when Dirk created a new beverage called Fiss. Fiss was an addictive chemical drug that controlled the minds of the citizens.

I mentally flash back present within the eighth alien timeline, each citizen wears a fancy dress or a scary face mask or a funny body suit having more fun than I am. Some of the creative disguises and costumes reenact ancient kiddie fairy tales. Some of the adult native males display a pair of colorful knickers, a lace shirt carrying a fencing foil that initial the fictious characters from the book entitled: The Three Musketeers. Some of the women, men, and associated children are dressed in a brown-tinted bear costume representing the fairy tale: Goldilocks and the Three Bears.
The Business Associates from Planet Agri are present.
I blink my eyelashes shut then open. The Business Associates are present in human flesh and blood for the Empress Ball in human form, unless they are clones. I don’t think this universe clones their citizens. I could be wrong and would logically explain the vile personalities of Emperor Dirk and Viscountess Rita. They are not real but cloned. I sigh with mystery.
The Agri natives are standing in the same place as I am. Now, that’s a story. Go and inform the Nbots of this fairy tale. They never attend a party.
Ty is an excellent administrator of Planet Agri as well as a noble gentleman. He cannot control them either, a whispered secret coming from Rann. Only Baron Bartholomew did control them, but he was dead.

I mentally flash backwards, into a second alien timeline, when the King Bartholomew’s ram ship hit Lord Dirk’s ram ship in the blue sky over the deserts of Sahara.

I mentally flash back present within the current timeline, Ty is engaged to marry the smartest and prettiest Business Associate. The Business Associates must respect of Ty and his gentlemen manners. The farmers are dressed as Sherwood Forest outlaws wearing a pair of brown-tinted trousers, a pair of matching knee boots and a green-tinted, short-sleeved tunic with bow stripped across the chest. A folded fist holds a set of five sharp arrows. They occupy a section of the bleachers near Joy. I sigh with deadly.
Dirk is not messing or touching or talking with Maid Marian tonight. Ty is not taking any risks with his fiancée Joy. She is “a lucky girl” to have “a great guy” like Ty. I sigh with envy.
Sahara security guards or inmate inhabitants present, since Dirk doesn’t excuse the criminals from either their work detail or recreational to attend the Empress Ball. He’s a true task master in the universe.
Honk! Honk! Some foolish native is dressed as a silly clown displaying face paint of white, a red oversized fake nose, and a big, yellow tinted, floppy hat with a blue flower on the top. He or she or it wears an oversized long-sleeved shirt and matching pair of pants in white that displays scattered indigo rock symbols carrying a bus horn. The idiot honks the loud obnoxious musical tool for fun. I sigh with annoyance.
The citizens sound with louder cheers, claps, hoots, and whistles. The Master of Ceremonies lifts his palm and calms the audience. Dirk does not move and stands in place smiling at the audience as three Nbots fly around his body. He speaks into the hidden comfones on the rafter ceiling tiles that echoes throughout the setting. “Citizens of the Universe, the time has come.” They audience cheers. He lifts his palm and calms the noise. “Shall I reveal the winner?” They cheer again and the clown releases a set of honks. I sign with kill.
He waves his palm and quiets the audience. “You have chosen.” They cheer and hear the honking sounds. He lifts his palm and calms the celebration. “The vote is a tie.” Silence invades the room.
I’m stunned into silence ago. Dirk stands and smiles.
My Tele sense ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
“A tie is impossible, our course.” He shakes his bone skull and grins at the audience members. “The tabulation of the votes has been counted twice, once by the bots, and twice by manual hands resulting a grand total of 201,278 for two winning Empress-in-Waiting candidates.”
Geez! Give one of the females an additional point for good behavior or high intelligence or good table mannered or the ability to walk forward and chew gum at the same thing. That’ll break that stupid tie. I sigh with irritation.
Else, please, citizen, stand and show your right hand, if you have not cast your vote within the empress pageant. Because, bubby, I did my part and voted for Rita like a good citizen. Rita loves Dirk and Dirk loves Rita. They are the perfect evil, vile couple of the unknown universe. I sigh with evilness.
The Master of Ceremonies states, “The Book states during a tie, the Crown will instigate a royal match between the two equal but qualified females for the role of Empress of the Universe. There will be five tests administrated to each candidate, based on a numerical point system. The first competitor to reach 500 points wins the right to marry Emperor Dirk.” The audience does not cheer but mumbles to each other. I sigh with brilliance.
Wow! That ancient, smelly Book has an answer for everything. I gasp in alarm. That book can get me home going through the wormhole safely. I wring my hands and calculate how to retrieve the Book. Rann has a copy of a red Book on his home world. I sigh with hope.
“The citizens of the universe have selected Empress-in-Waiting candidate Viscountess Rita from the planet of Tech.”
Dirk claps and spins around thrusting an arm to Rita. On top of the stage, she slowly stands from the chair and slams her hand over her red-painted lipstick without getting makeup on her skin, nodding to Dirk and waves to the cheering audience member. She elegantly moves over the floor while blowing a stream of invisible kisses to the citizens, marching down the staircase, strolling over the floor tiles then collides into Dirk. She tries to hug him. Dirk steps backwards and fakes a smile frowning at Rita. She stands in place and continues to smile blowing invisible kisses. I sigh with nausea.
Told ya’ll! I’m always right, well, sometimes, I miss. I missed the tie thing.
The audience cheers too wildly, and that silly clown blasts out a series of loud honks then the setting turns silence.
I continue to sit and stare at Rann whispering for my eardrums only. “I am not going to marry Dirk. I am going to marry Rann.” I sigh with true love.
The Master of Ceremonies watches Dirk. Dirk lifts his arm above his crown and then presents a thumbs up signal on his hand.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t right, darling!
“Countess Starra of the planet of Ice.”
“Not me!” I shout and stand shaking my curls, slapping my chest and fume in fury. My gray-tinted irises widen in anger; my hands clinch into two tight folded fists in fight. My stomach turns flip flops and my heart skips a beat or two while my mind clicks with high suspicion of a rigged empress pageant. The audience members celebrate with wild cheers, applaud, hoots, and whistles.
Dirk spins around with a grin and thrust out both of his arms like a freaking hug. I do not move and sneer at Dirk. He motions with both hands wiggling his ten finger pads at Starra. My tummy aches; my head throbs. I am going to hurl onto his purple-tinted silk robes. I sigh with seasickness.
I jerk the hemline of my long skirt into my naked kneecaps and stomp over the wooden planks, missing a couple of steps going down on the staircase and then land with a loud thump on top of the floor tiles. I sneer and stomp ahead grinding my teeth in rhythm with clicking soles then view the skyboxes on the second floor.
Rann wears a puzzled brow and leans over the window studying Starra. I nod with a stern face to him. He stands upright and nods back to Starra leaning into Ty’s space whispering his new plan while staring at Dirk.
I snap my sour frown and hiss at Dirk. Dirk smiles with a mouth of yellow-tinted teeth softly chuckling with a pair of parted lips then turns to see Rann. Rann gasps in shock then sneers back at Dirk, who can hear using his Tele eardrums.
This is not good, ya’ll. Dirk has planned something, and it is going to happen to me. I sigh with dread.
I stop and growl at Dirk then snarl at Rita. She grins and giggles shaking her ruby earrings expanding her wicked thoughts. Yeah, I quickly execute a Tele probe and mind hear her nasty thoughts of me.
I am to die that is the only logical conclusion concerning any relationship with an evil, vile Dirk. Rita does not know but truly does possess one Tele talent, a healing touch or telemetabolics. I have four awesome Tele talents, Telepathy, Telekinesis, Telemetabolics, and Teleclairvoyance. But Dirk wants to marry her, not me. I sigh with marriage.
Dirk returns and smiles reaching out, grabbing Starra’s forearm and shuffles her into his rib cage. He slowly spins around with Starra then releases her arm, using both of his arms and waves to the cheering crowd. Rita waves to the crowd also. I refuse and cross my arms protecting my mind, body, and soul. I sigh with death.

Alien Day 146

6th hour (early, early morning)
Thunderstorms and heavy sheet of raindrops at 100% precipitation
Black clouds without sunlight at 59ºF

Dirk’s castle
Bedroom suite setting

The sun does not shine at six in the morning, but I am bothered by a Wbot with a food tray. I am required to sleep and eat and pee at the castle, a requirement from the Book. I scream at the bot and ignore the food. I cannot eat food items at six in the morning which is too early for my stomach muscles. I flip onto my stomach closing two eyelashes, falling into a deep slumber. I sigh with sleepy time.

Three hours later, on the 9th hour, late afternoon, Wbot returns and pokes it metal finger into the bedcover attacking her back muscles. I stir awake and open my crusted eyelashes, sitting upright on the bed mattress, stretching my arm and order like an alien princess. “Food.”
“Since you did not eat your breakfast meal, when available, you will not have a food tray until the lunch hour,” it hovers at my cheekbone. I cut my eyelashes and sneer prepare my attack. I sigh with kill shot.
“Before you attack me with your limited measurable machine violence, Countess Starra, I have quoted the royal home rules coming from Emperor Dirk. The second home rule is you are required to dress for the Empress-in-Waiting royal match within three minutes.”
“Stang!” I slide from the warm bed sheet and dance around the bed in anger. I sigh in anger.
“Countess Starra, do not know what that term means?” Wbot twirls around and follows her back spine.
“Yes, it means double stang,” I shout in both fun and frustration.
“Countess Starra, please, go and get dressed in your former attire. I will be waiting for you outside the closed door.” Wbot fly-ass-backwards towards the open archway then slams the door.
I cut my eyelashes and burn a set of heated balls of invisible fire into my gray gown. It doesn’t explode into a flaming fire ball as my X-ray vision isn’t real, only my Tele powers. I eye roll then drop the bed linens exposing my nakedness. I sleep in the nude then pad ahead towards the open closet and stop in front of the long dirty, smelly gown. I wore it yesterday and the day before yesterday, that’s two days in a row. I have to wear the same old frock for a third time. I don’t get a new gown for the royal match. I sigh with stinky-ness.
I always get new clothes for attending a social function and also get a plate of food when I’m not hungry. King Ding Dong Dirk runs an economical castle with numerous mean and nasty bots. When I finally become the empress with my man Rann, I will woot that all robots become disassembled and then deactivated, foreverly. I sigh with fury.

At the First Royal Match event, on the 10th hour at mid-day, my carriage is parked in front of the unnamed red tinted building. I exit the carriage with a pair of guards and stroll into the auditorium floor with a different pair of guards. That red Book must explain the royal punishment Protocol for an absent Empress-in-Waiting candidate, who ditches the royal match and goes on a fun date with my man Rann. I sigh with entrapment.
Maybe, I can use this spectacular social event to my advantage. If there is a nice chance of getting Dirk on my good side, this is it. I do give a stang about winning the wedding competition becoming the royal bride of Frankenstein. I will never marry Dirk or have his child while quickly sanitizing my brain cells after thinking those gross sick mental thoughts.
Inside the auditorium setting, the seats are packed with rows and rows of colorful dressed citizens. I walk to one of the two newly structured, red-tinted metal islands in the middle of the floor. The four guards halt and stand a few feet from the structure. I scan the floor, the ceiling planks, the audience members and my standing guards while waddling ahead to the island then stop examining the new object. I sign with interest.
A tiny island kitchen displays a tiny wash sink, a baking oven, a row of cooking utensils, four cooking pans, and raw food items, which must be my lunch meal as I am starving for food. My eyeball views the motion. The same Master of Ceremonies stands in the wall corner and lifts his palm to Starra pointing at the single stool beside the island.
I sit on top of the hard seat and turn to sneer at Rita. She quietly sits beside her own kitchen island far away on the opposite side with a math measurement of twenty feet, not enough room for feline fist fighting. I stare and snigger at her. I sigh with mystery.
“Welcome Citizens of the Universe. I have the pleasure of announcing the first Royal Match of the Empress-in-Waiting competitors. His Royal Highness Emperor Dirk enjoys riding horses, quiet walks in the countryside, and reading poetry,” the Master of Ceremonies echoes the words off the four walls and the row of ceiling rafters.
I can’t see the Master of Ceremonies behind my back spine and whisper for my eardrums only and scan the audience for Rann. “Dirk also enjoys killing people. You left out that very important and useful kingly trait, Mr. Master of Ceremonies.” I give up and wave my hand at the hollering and hooting citizens.
“He also enjoys eating, like the rest of us,” he softly chuckles with each citizen, “Therefore, his new wife, who will become the Empress of the Universe, is required to cook. The first royal match is to prepare and cook a strawberry pie. The first candidate to complete a cooked pie wins this task, which is worth 100 points. Please start your first royal match task.”
Cooking is the first royal match. I’m required to cook food. I don’t know how to cook food. I never cooked a single recipe of food in my life. Since living here, a bot does the food collecting, the food preparation, the food cooking, the food disposing, and the food stealing for me. Or I’d starve, which I have done before.

I mentally flash backwards, at my home on Planet Earth, the robots prepared my meals.

I mentally flash back present within the current timeline, I view Rita. She has tied a red apron around her long, yellow-tinted gala gown. The gown has delicate yellow lace and four silky bows wrapped around her neck collar and waist. I sigh with envy.
I wear a dull, boring, stinky, gray-tinted, hot, long-sleeved turtleneck blouse, and a matching ankle-length skirt making me both ugly and heated. I wanna a new dress. I sigh with party pity.
“Each Empress-in-Waiting candidate can begin the royal match,” the Master of Ceremonies repeats and watches Starra.
I turn my face to cheat on my cooking test by stealing Rita’s ways. She pours a powdery white substance into a mixing bowl. Flour is used for baking a pie, while my eardrums hear the musical notes. Rita is both happily singing. She can cook and sing at the same time. I sigh with jealousy.
I return and scan the food ingredients on top of the island surface seeing two cups of fresh red-tinted strawberries. I grab a strawberry eating it whole with my chomping lips and tongue. Gone!
I feel hungry as stress makes me hungrier, so does death. I sigh with doom.
I survey a line of cooking items on the countertop, consisting of a cup of sugar, a shaker of salt, a pound of white flour, four eggs, a bottle of vanilla, a tub of butter, and a cup of water. A new shiny, silver-tinted, nine-inched pie pan is empty, of course, a measuring pretty clear cup with little tiny math numbers, and various kitchen cooking utensils.
I steal a nasty look at Rita as she sings louder and pours more white mixture into a pie pan. I have a bad feeling that I’m not going to win the very first royal match, without using my Tele powers. And my Tele powers can do some things but cook. That’s a human physical thingy. I sigh with nonsense.
I’m truly on my own then view the natives. Each native holds a pair of parted lips in silent while staring eyeballs back at me. I look down and exhale with nothingness, grabbing the mixing bowl then pour a cup of water. I crack all four eggs and place in the bowl mixing the contents with the spoon, almost puking from the gross smell. I sigh with disgust.
I survey the food items and then add the cute tiny bottle of sweet-smelling vanilla mineral plus half the tub of butter while whipping and beating the yellow batter with the wooden spoon. This mixture smells nice to my inflamed nose holes.
I beat the spoon around the hard bowl creating hard work. No wonder, I don’t cook. This is harder than trying to kill Dirk. I amuse my person and giggle.
I measure one cup of flour and then stir it into the mixing bowl. My subsistence is thick, white, and smells nice from the vanilla mineral. I steal a nasty look at Rita. She places the fruit on top of her battered mixture and then places the pan pie inside the baking oven for cooking.
Well, I’m almost there. I think.
I return back and pour the whipped yellow contents into my pie pan and then dump four…naw…five…naw…six strawberries down in the yellow liquid. I eat a new strawberry and place the pan of yellow liquid inside the baking oven. Oops! I forgot to turn the power switch to “on” for the baking oven to heat. I close the door then flip the switch watching and waiting for the heating element to turn from black hue to into a fiery bright red color.
I watch and wait and then eat another fresh strawberry getting juice on my bottom lip. I continue to watch and wait some more. The heating element device is slower than a plantation snail. I sigh with anticipation.
I hear the sweet sound of defeat…naw…ding. The baking oven is heated and cooking my pie. I clap my dirty hands dusting off the white floor then eat another strawberry. I sigh with accomplishment.
This is a historical moment, my first cooking achievement. Go and tell the Nbots! I sit on the stool and wave to the audience members then Rita. I’m not going to win the first royal match and don’t really give a shit. I’m being a good sport for just attempting to bake a strawberry pie as my empress task…naw…taste. I eat another strawberry without wiping the juice off my hand and lips. Then I hear the sweet sound of ding…naw…defeat.
The bell sound alerts Rita that her pie is baked. She opens the oven door and pulls out a masterpiece of cuisine. Her dessert is a beautiful golden covered steaming crust with red glaze bursting from the little holes of the hot pie. The sweet aroma bombards the air waves with cinnamon flavors, good smelling delicious.
My empty stomach growls while my lips water like a drooling baby. I hunger for more food and grab the last strawberry in the cup. I sigh with surprise.
The Master of Ceremonies lifts both of his arms in the air and shouts into the comfones, “The time has expired.” The audience come alive and starts wildly cheering.
I’m finished too scooting off the stool and advance to my baking oven. I perform a Tele grab then a Tele slam on the oven’s lid down to the floor almost ripping off the metal. I do not touch the hot pie pan but executive a Tele grab sliding it off the rack then up in the air slapping the pan on top of the heated countertop. I sigh with doneness.
The oven is hotter than baking pie pan, so my dessert is hot but looks funny. In the middle of the pie, the once raw red strawberries are bubbling on top of a whitish-black liquid with golden streaks. The pie acts like an active mini-volcano starting to spew red strawberry-flavored magna in the air. The outer crusted sides are black and flaky falling on top of the countertop. I sigh with confusion.
Maybe, it tastes better than it looks. Sometimes cooking dishes are like that appearing really ugly but good tasting. I note one other item. My pie smells funny too.
I back step from the gooey mess and sit on the stool, bounding up and down with delight then view Rita’s gorgeous pie. I sigh with jealousy.
Dirk stands from the throne chair flinging his robe tails in the air and moved across the wooden planks climbing down each step then lands on top of the floor. The Master of Ceremonies leaves his wall corner and follows Dirk, who heads to Rita’s kitchen workstation first.
Well, I don’t give a shit. I don’t wanna win and marry him. I stare with eyeballs at the two monsters ignoring the back spine on the Master of Ceremonies.
Rita stands and spins around flirting with Dirk, fidgeting like a teenager in love. I sigh with seasickness.
“Lovely pie, Viscountess Rita,” Dirk smiles down at the golden-brown crust covered in peek-a-boo cooked strawberries while smelling delightful.
The Master of Ceremonies parts Dirk and Rita standing at the island, slicing a huge piece of pie and lays on top of a purple plate and then hands the dessert to Dirk.
Dirk places a huge piece into his stinky mouth with his yellow-tinted stained teeth. He chews and chews on a single bite of pie then swallows and smiles at Rita. “Excellent, Viscountess Rita.” He hands the plate to the Master of Ceremonies and then turns and sees Starra. Dirk smiles and struts to her station island then stops staring with a smile down at the messy baked pastry. I sigh with nervousness.
This is a stupid game. I don’t wanna win Dirk. I wanna to lose to Rita, so I can leave and marry Rann. I sigh with winner.
“What is this?” Dirk points at a bubbling goo of colored black, red, and brown thingy pie.
“A pie, Your Highness,” I giggle and grin playing the same innocent psychological game, Rita. Take that, girl best!
The Master of Ceremonies slides between Dirk and Starra then stops at the surface, attempting to slice a sliver from the running pie onto the plate. He replaces a knife with a spoon tossing two bubbling, hot steamy red-tinted strawberries and a tablespoon of white boiling batter mixing the contents together in the plate.
I sway back and forth wearing a smile of dead…naw…delight. He bravely hands the plate to Dirk. I cannot cook a meal, Dirk. Please end my humiliation and your embarrassment. I’m more interested in sunning and flirting with Rann at his swimming pool on Sahara. I sigh with true love.
Dirk lifts the spoon into one nostril smelling the black burnt contents then sticks out the tip on his pink-tinted tongue tasting the red gooey pie. He is brave, because I will never do that. His face contorts and as his tallness shimmers in disgust. That bad! I sigh with disappointment.
Dirk is not dead either, because my cooking should’ve killed him instantly while saving me the trouble tomorrow morning. I sigh with murder.
Dirk lowers the gooey pie from his fake smile and hands the plate back to the Master of Ceremonies. He nods with encouragement to Starra. “Don’t worry, Countess Starra! You have other talents than cooking that works for you.”
Yeah, baby, I do, and you do not know the degrees of my secret Tele talents. I sigh with delight.
I smile with secret, “Thanks, Dirk.”
Dirk jerks his face and head nods to the Master of Ceremonies then swings his body returning back to the stage.
The Master of Ceremonies moves away from Dirk and Starra stopping in the middle of the floor, whipping out a portal comfone and states to the audience members, “A royal decision has been reached by Emperor Dirk. Viscountess Rita is the winning of the first round of the royal match. She is awarded one hundred points.” Rita bounces and as her gown sways sideways.
Starra and the other citizens clap, cheer, hoot, and whistle with delight. I sigh with happiness.
Dirk dismisses the natives and we go home.

Second Royal Match

Auditorium setting
Sunny sky with parted cloudy at 81ºF
13th hour (mid-afternoon)


The auditorium setting is more crowded and more stinky with drifting pockets of very bad body odor than yesterday afternoon as all the natives want to attend the second royal match between Viscountess Rita of Tech World and Countess Starra of Planet Ice. There are not any additional seats for one more citizen, so the other citizens watch from the comfort of their soft sofa cushions inside their home via the Nbots or news robots.
The little trash cans buzz around Starra as the four guards swat with human hands at the metal pests. Annoying little ghosts!
I sit on top of a padded stool chair. Rita is twenty feet away from Starra and occupies a second chair. Dirk sits in his throne chair on top of the stage surrounded by eight guards. Some citizen wants to kill him. I sigh with kill.
“Began,” Dirk does not bother to shout or wave his hand as his words are echoed by an array of flying news bots.
The same male with the dark robes and a head of black hair, the Master of Ceremonies stands in the wall corner and shouts, “Welcome Citizens of the Universe! The second royal match for the two Empress-in-Waiting competitors will test her calm composure of an Empress. The rule is very clear. One candidate will volunteer and be allowed to select her choice of answering a difficult riddle worth 200 points or the alternative.”
The new match rule did not make any sense to me. I don’t wanna to win; I wanna to lose. I want Rita to win. And I don’t care which alternative pick as long as it isn’t death. I sigh with mystery.
Rita quickly stands after the man’s statement. I guess she has selected her and wants to go first.
Go for it, honey, bunny!
I’ll sit back into the padded chair while watching and patiently waiting for my turn.
The Master of Ceremonies says, “Thank you for volunteering Viscountess Rita. Which option would you like to select, the riddle or the alternative?”
She smiles and presses her hand down her puffy orange tinted ball gown.
I’m nervous also. Pick something, dearie. I should’ve volunteered first, because I am swifter than that, darling. I’d choose the easy one, the riddle. I sigh with confidence.
“I will choose the alternative,” She nods with a smile.
I get the riddle. Wishes do come true! I’m a little more excited than I realize.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
The guard rushes ahead from the wall and grabs Starra dragging her off the stool. I gasp in shock and whine without pain, “Ouch!” He and I quickly dance back stepping from the floor then smash into the side wall. The other the wall with fast muscle reflexes.
I’m going to hurt this man, really bad. Then, I’ll get my 200 points for that girly action instead of answering a stupid riddle. I pull away from his chest and stand a few inches in front of his body while sneering at his face. Then my other three guard appear and block my eyeballs without seeing Rita’s empress performance. Is she dancing or singing or stripping? I laugh with amusement.
My eardrums hear the hiss first then smell the odor next. I gasp in alarm. I immediately recognize that stench, the reek of a familiar beast. I dance around tight row of board back spine on the three bodyguards then one eyeball peeks between two bices seeing a Kongo.
The animal crawls out from the half-door underneath the stage platform then slowly stands growling at the crowd of natives. Then leaps from the floor and travels in the air and then lands in the middle of the auditorium floor. Now, I understand the good intention of each guard, who protects my naked body from that deadly creature. Kongo is mad, hungry, and miffed. I sigh with danger.
From the opposite side, Rita calmly strolls towards a snorting and hissing Kongo. I’m impressed with her cool, calm composure. She wins this royal match. I am conceding. Tell her honor guard unit to lead the animal back into its wild jungle and wildly freedom. A Kongo is illegal to own, breed, ship, and fight. I sigh with confusion.

I mentally flash backwards, into the first alien timeline, when I and a Kongo crossed pathway in a death fight.

I mentally flash back present within the current timeline, when Rita stands and stares in her flowing lavender gala gown as a drooling, growling Kongo charges her body. The citizens gasp along with Starra and her honor guards.
I turn and study Dirk. He doesn’t react but smiles and stares at the sick exhibition. I sigh with puzzlement.
If Rita dies from a Kongo kill, then I win the Empress thingy, so Dirk plans to rid the universe of Rita, his true love. I sigh with puzzlement.
Rita draws out a hand maser using her shooting hand from a hidden side pocket on her dress firing three red-tinted waves at the heart organ on the defenseless animal. Kongo stumbles ahead falling on the floor spurting out streams of its green-tinted blood in the air, on the floor, at its body, on the side walls and hits Rita. Kongo doesn’t move and Rita doesn’t move. Dirk doesn’t move and I don’t move. I sigh with death.
The Master of Ceremonies leaves his wall corner and swiftly trots to the fallen animal, kicking the bloody rib cage and spins around viewing the audience, “Kongo is dead.” The citizens sound with wild claps, cheers, hoots, and whistles. He points to Rita and nods with a smile. “Viscountess Rita from Tech World is awarded two hundred points.”
I gasp in shock then huff in anger performing a Tele shove on the row of guards away from my body slamming them into the bleachers. I march ahead waving both of my arms then halt a few feet behind Rita, “That’s not fair.”
The Master of Ceremonies views Starra and jabs his finger at her face. “You cannot complain about the reward system. You did not volunteer to choose the selection.”
I reach out and miss his finger shouting to the rafters. “I am not complaining about the stupid points, moron.” I view Dirk and execute a Tele shove kicking him off the throne chair, shouting in fury at the true murderess of the beast, “I’m objecting to Rita killing an innocent animal, Dirk.” Dirk quickly projects a Tele image around his folded body on the floor that show him sitting in his throne chair for the eyeballs of the natives, except for Starra. He slowly stands from the floor and jabs his finger sneering at Starra, who hears it with her Tele eardrums. I sigh with death.
I do not shout out loud in the air waves at Dirk as I do not possess the talent of Tele projection. I link, connect, and Tele talk into his mind: Bring it on, bubba! Right here and right now, on the floor, I’m ready to beat your ass then slap your face and finally remove your beating heart creating a death act.
Dirk laughs then back steps sitting down in his chair, waving his hand and releases his tele projection. He continues to chuckle at the wild commotion on the dirty, blood floor.
Rita stands in small puddle of blood and slowly twirls around waving both of her arms in the air at the cheering audience.
I stand and fume waving both of my arms in the air, sneering at Dirk. I sign with murder.
O tell me this! Rita happens to find a maser pistol tucked down inside her elegant lavender gown. My female intuition is tattling that someone is getting prepped for each royal Match. I don’t wanna to win, but the Kongo is a life form. He had the right to live to see another sunrise. I’m going to get you for this, Dirk. I sigh with revenge.
Dirk continues to sit and echoes his words through the flying Nbots fluttering his girly lavender bathrobes around his legs, “There are no rules in this contest, Countess Starra, only points. Rita selected the alternative. You are left with the riddle. If answered correctly, then you will be awarded two hundred points, as well, noblette.” The audience continues to cheer with clueless enthusiasm.
“Yeah! Whatever!” I yell in frustration and spin around returning to my stool, facing the audience. I do not want to see Dirk. I sigh with murder.
I feel very upset with the killing of an innocent beast, not caring about losing the stupid points, within this stupid contest, with the stupid king.
The Master of Ceremonies spins around and advances, standing in front of Starra and extends a comfone in her face, “Are you ready for the riddle, Countess Starra?”
I say without thought and stare down at the clean floor tiles. “Shoot!” The citizens laugh at her funny joke.
He wiped the comfone into his smile. “The one, who sees it does not want it. The one, who makes it does not use it. The one, who uses it does not know it. What is the answer of the riddle for two hundred points, Countess Starra?” I sigh with fury.
I should have seen with my Tele sight the Kongo’s fate of death. I could have saved the animal using my Tele powers, in front of Dirk and Rita. I sigh with life.

I mentally flash backwards, into in the first alien timeline, when I fought a Kongo.

I mentally flash back present without the current timeline, I am too emotionally involved with Dirk and his silly mental game. I must distance my soul from Dirk, since I’m living in the palace with both Rita and Dirk. I sigh with emotions.
I don’t have employment or currs or food or clothes. I wear this stupid gray smelly gown four days in a row. I sigh with oldness.
“Your time has expired,” he nods. I sigh with shock.
Geez, I missed the riddling words of the riddle. I sighed with frustration.
“What is your answer?” He nods to her.
I look up and ask in alert staring at the male. I don’t have an answer to an unheard question. My mind wanders elsewhere occupied in another part of outer space, while my eyeballs turn and stare at the citizens within the bleachers. They stare at me.
I’m losing my mind. I do not know what to say. I clear my tight throat, “Pie.” The citizens sound with a low moan. I sigh with incorrection-ness.
“You are incorrect. The answer is coffin.” He spins around and nods to the audience.
I shake my curls then look back over my collar bone viewing Dirk. He does not smile, but Rita is drooling with mouth spit over red lipstick. I sigh with puzzlement.
“Countess Starra receives zero points,” he nods then smiles to the audience. “Thus far, within the royal match series, Viscountess Rita from Tech World possesses 300 points while her opponent Countess Starra from Planet Ice has received zero points. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for attending the second royal match.”
Dirk dismisses the natives and we all go home again.

Alien Day 147


Third Royal Match

Sunny day with parted clouds at 79°F
Red tinted, unknown building location
Auditorium setting
13th hour (mid-afternoon)


Same time. Same place. Same citizens. Same chair. Same opponent. Same emperor. Same announcer. Same dress. Same royal match. Different test. I sigh with sameness.

I sit on top of the same padded high stool chair opposite from the other female, who wears a beautiful blue tinted ball gown. I sigh with jealousy.
We sit in the middle of the floor facing the audience and the entrance wall. Dirk is behind our back spine. I sigh with annoyance.
I wait for her turn to answer the question developed by Dirk. That’s a killer right there! So, I’m going to lose, become humiliated, and get really mad again. Thus, I stare down at the floor counting the permanently imprinted black tinted heel marks below my sandaled feet. I sigh with defeat.
The Master of Ceremonies hides inside his wall corner and speaks into the comfones. “You both will be asked the same question. You should take your time answering the same question. Emperor Dirk will judge the winning reply for this round and award 100 points to the Empress-in-Waiting winner. Viscountess Rita will be asked the question first as she is leading the match by 300 points against her opponent Countess Starra, who totals zero points.” The audience cheers for fun.
Rub it in, man! I’m losing the royal match and do not care but feel humiliated earning the math number zero wearing the same shitty, gray tinted gown for the third day of empress competition. I sigh with party pity.
Dirk wants me to lose in front of his subjects. I understand that as this is my universal punishment as a she-ass. That’s asshole for a girl, when I kick his ass each timeline. I softly giggle within my insane mind. Well, his brilliant plan is working very well. I feel bad, sad, dumb, and stupid. I sigh with mortification.
“What would you do as Empress of the Universe with the gang of pesky pirates?” The Master of Ceremonies asks.
I look up and see the audience members, who are drooling with mouth spit and watch us.  But I am still confused. Ivan said the gang of pesky pirates are all terminated, so the subject matter is mute…naw…newt…naw…null. So, it is a theoretical question for the future empress. I sigh with confusion.
Rita smiles then slides off the stool landing on the floor with a soft thump jerking both of her arms in the air with a pair of folded fists. She twirls around in place on the floor and shouts without a comfone but the Nbots echo her words throughout the air waves, “Kill them! Slaughter them! Show no mercy!” She snarls then sneers then screeches and finally hisses stopping in place, staring at Starra. The mob of blood thirsty citizens wildly react with a series of crazy animal noises then hoots plus applaud, boot stamps, bell whistles and the loud honking sounds coming from that silly clown. I sign with fear.
I can’t see Dirk, but his smile burns into my back spine. I sigh with disgust.
The Master of Ceremonies lifts his palm without resting the natives shouting into the comfone. “Thank you for that answer, Viscountess Rita from Tech World.” The audience still cheers. He waves his arm calming the natives. “Countess Starra, what is your answer to the same posed question?”
I drop down from the stool and mentally gather my isolated and calm mental thoughts feeling a little nervous and a lot overconfident. My hands sweat and my brain numbs. My heart pounds and legs shake. I have an answer to this question. I clear my tight throat. “I would like to see, with all my generous heart, along with a kind compassionate soul peace. Peace with the pirates!” The mod of blood thirsty citizens sound with a series of boos, hisses, mouth spittle on the floor and each other, and yell out a steam of unkind nasty vile words. I sigh with danger.

I mentally flash backwards, into the third alien timeline, when I negotiated peace with the pirates on asteroid Resort.

I mentally flash back present within the same timeline hearing the stream of unkind nasty vile words coming from the wild and crazy audience members. But I stand and take it. I am a kind person feeling both hurt and defeated. I swing my face and view Rann in his skybox. He stands and wears a stern face while outlining a maser with his finger pads, watching the angry crowd. I feel better. Rann is going to protect my person. I sigh with safety.
Dirk swiftly stands and shockingly shouts using his Tele voice at the audience members, “Silence!” The citizens stop the racket. He smirks as his ugly face shows on a row of mounted comlens on each upper wall space, “I applaud Countess Starra for her honest heartfelt diplomatic answer. She has truly expressed a most compassionate response to a very difficult problem.” He pauses then nods with a wicked grin. “However, I plan to implement Viscountess Rita’s idea immediately. I award Rita the 100 points for this royal match.” The mob of blood thirsty citizens react again standing with some natives fighting each other for fun while sounding with a series of loud cheers, hand claps, boot stomps, bell whistles without exiting the building for their home.
Dirk or Rita join the action and do not exit the building either.
I silently leave the building surrounded by my honor guard unit. I sigh with doom.

Alien Day 148


Militia space station
Flight deck setting

Cold, dark outer space with minus 1000ºF
9th (late morning)


“Don’t worry! You’re doing a fine job, Starra” Rann smiles and pats her forearm expressing both love and protection.
“I’m doing a fine job of losing, darling,” I wink and giggle.
He frowns, “What have you lost? Is it in the engine frame?” Rann looks down at the motor.
I softly chuckle, “I am lost, and I am losing the competition. So, I plan to quit the race and save my person the red-faced embarrassment of total defeat and personal humiliation instead of continuing to receive zero points in this game of wits,” I look down and tap the fuel gauge on the motor for any type of malfunctioning belt.
Rann is covered in brown oil and black grease spots on his body then pings the rubber belt on the engine motor for a second time standing beside Starra, who is covered in brown oil and black grease from inspecting the zipper engine. He is triple checking the mechanics on her newly assigned zipper ship for the next royal match. Rann laughs, “I enjoy your playful banter, Starra.”
“Yeah, ba…na…na!” I smile and wipe more sticky oil from my palm with the cloth.
“I have something to cheer your spirits, Starra,” Rann pulls an object from an interior hidden vest pocket, since his sleeveless and shirtless white vest only shows rippled and bulky biceps.
I smile at him and his biceps working inside the landing bay, inspecting my ship. Rann happens to be there, also, inspecting one of his newly designed, state-of-the-art zipper ships for his personal enjoyment. I sigh with true love.
I wanna go for a ride in his new toy instead of attending the next empress royal match, running far away from Rita. Then Dirk can’t touch me escaping with Rann for our upcoming wedding ceremony. I sigh with true love.
Dirk somewhere found a touch of kindness within his cold black heart to inform the two Empress-in-Waiting candidates that the next match is an outer space race using a speedy zipper and ordering a set of flying lessons for his girl Rita. My kitty-cat haunches are correct about Dirk. He wants Rita to marry him. I sigh with knowledge.
The task of inspecting a zipper takes ten hours or more viewing the gears, screws, bolts, and hydraulics. The mechanics are functioning properly ensuring the space craft has not been tampered with maser bombs or boom explosives. Rann must have had the same idea showing up here on the space station a few seconds after Starra. I sigh with true love.
I don’t feel like talking about the past, present, or future royal matches within the Empress-in-Waiting competition game. Dirk can have and keep Rita, because I wanna have and keep Rann. I sigh with true love.
“I have a gift for you,” Rann smiles handing a tiny, golden-tinted, rectangular box tied with a single golden satin ribbon.
I grab and open the precious gift. I love presents from Rann. I see a beautiful and deadly silver-tinted dagger with a hilt in glittering gemstone. I smile with delightfully murder caressing the hilt, dropping the box and ribbon down on the floor, “Thank you, so much. I’ll cherish it foreverly.” I sigh with murder.
He snaps his face and narrows his eyelids scanning a busy hanger bay, stepping closer to Starra and then whispers into her face “I prefer for you to wear it foreverly. Rita does not fight fair. You will need all the advantages that you can get, Starra.”
I figured that out a long time ago a paranoid alien. I love this man. I wish I wasn’t a waiting around empress but waiting for Rann to propose marriage to me. I sigh with true love.
I continue to admire and study the row of tiny diamonds on the curved hilt then look up and frown at Rann, “Wear it! Am I allowed to wear it?”
He reaches out and touched her forearm then points down at her boot, saying with a smile.
“The exterior leather panel holds a single, slender pocket on your thigh-high boot which is designed for such an instrument of destruction.” He softly chuckles.
I gasp in shock. “How would you know that?” I know that answer but love to tease Rann.
This morning, I awoke with sleepy crusts in both eye sockets, a steaming tray of food in my lap, and Wbot at my bedside. The robot gently cuddled without smashing a white tinted box with a pink bow. There wasn’t a paper note or an electronic message taped on the top or sides or the bottom of the box. And the color wasn’t a noble theme either. Therefore, I didn’t know the name of the gifter of the gift. I sighed with fun.
When I opened the gift, a gray-tinted two-piece outfit displayed a short-sleeveless top sprinkled with tiny diamonds on the V-shaped neck collar, a circular matching skirt, and a pair of matching leather, thigh-high boots, all fitting my petite-ness. I sighed with pretty.
Rann had sent the lovely sweet items. But I cannot acknowledge my two precious gifts in eye view public, without recognized for his sweetness by meanie Dirk. I sigh with secret.
Rann almost kisses her cheekbone and says with a whisper, “I had the boots personally designed for you, but that’s our little secret, sweetheart.” He chuckles then stands upright reaching over for another tool like he is pretending to care for the ship, not Starra.
Rann had suggested to the other nobles that some noble needed to ensure the safety of each Empress-in-Waiting candidate in the race competition and then he volunteered to accomplish that goal with Starra in the forefront of his mind and tenderness in his heart. The other nobles agreed. Rann appeared and waited for Starra this morning, before the royal carrier ship arrived at the space station. Starra was both surprised and delighted. Rita didn’t show up to inspect her assigned spaceship as Rann knew the competition was rigged for Rita to win but did not know Starra’s demise.
Back inside a busy landing dock, I continue to stand and smile at Rann. I love when he uses a cute endearment towards my person. I whisper back. “Thank you.” The tiny dagger perfectly fits within my smaller palm and the blade is sharp to a finger touch making a fine instrument of destruction. I hope beyond hope that I will not need to use it, even in defending my person against Rita or Dirk. I slip my new dagger down into a secret hidden pouch on the right-side thigh-high boot. A perfect fit. I sigh with confidence.
Rann grabs the wrench playing with the tool while seeing at Starra, “I was tired seeing you in the same dull attire.”
I grab then twirl the screwdriver flirting with Rann. “How did you know my size?” I sigh with true love.
“Dirk ordered your gown. I had your body frame measurements. Ty owns Agri which manufactures all clothes and shoes. Ty is a close personal friend of mine.”
I giggle with silliness, “I forget. Ty does. How silly of me?” He still cares for me even within the newest alien timeline while watching out for my health and my heart. “Thank you for my weapon. But I have a better solution to my current dilemma.” I nod with a grin.
He frowns with puzzlement, “You do, do you? What is your better solution, Starra?”
“I quit.”
He gasps in shock and drops the wrench on top of the floor without hitting his boot toe then sidesteps and whispers into her cheekbone again. “What did you say?”
“I’m going to quit the competition, before the next empress royal match. Rita can win by default and become Empress of the Universe.” I laugh then smile flipping the screwdriver in the air shaking my hair curls. “I would never, ever be interested in Dirk for any reason.”
Rann stares without a facial or a vocal expression which make Starra nervous. Then he whispers. “Starra, you cannot act upon your statement.”
I giggle with silliness viewing his distorted face, “Why not, Rann? I’m losing by four hundred points. Anyways, I’m so very tired of playing Dirk’s mind games.”
“The Book states that a competitor cannot quit the Empress competition. You will become labeled a traitor and hang in the gallows, until permanent death by the Emperor or Empress of the Universe, Starra.” I sigh with doom.
“Stang!” I can’t get out of this stupid royal match without accomplishing Dirk’s evil duty. I will not be hung or die, because Dirk will steal me from the royal tower and dump my unconscious body into the wormhole for a painful harm on my body and ride back into the unknown universe creating a new alien timeline. I sigh with repeat.
“Promise me!” He exhales with worry. “You will not quit the empress competition and you will continue to participate in the rests of the royal matches. I don’t want any harm to come to you, Starra,” Rann reaches out and gentlemanly touches her forearm.
I nod several times with disappointment of my new dilemma, “I promise. I will not quit and continue losing with the best of my ability.” I sigh with doom.

Alien Day 149


Fourth Royal Match

Militia Space Station location
Hanger deck setting
Cold dark outer space with minus 1000ºF

8th hour (early morning)


Each empress candidate is required to fly a zipper ship through an outer space obstacle course in a death race.
Just kidding! Been there, done that!

I mentally flash backwards, into the first alien timeline, when I raced Prince Rann to the Wall and back to his noble castle in a death race.

I stand on top of the flat concrete surface a few feet from my assigned zipper ship, wearing a new outfit, from Rann, of course, a gray tinted, long-sleeveless, turtleneck blouse, a straight short matching skirt, and my thigh-high boots with my new dagger while looking cute. I sigh with beauty.
An array of silver tinted, small cylinder-shaped Nbots circle the metal ceiling inside the landing bay. A regular citizen is not allowed to visit the militia space port. Ivan rules here today. No pilot or noble is present inside an empty space dock. Rann rests in cold outer space and sits inside a warm carrier ship with his friends Ty and Joy. I sigh with anticipation.
I feel excited, nervous, happy, and pumped with tons of emotional, mental, and metaphysical energy waves turning to view Rita. She stands beside in her assigned zipper ship on the opposite side of the very large and long docking bay. I need my Tele eyeballs to see her sour frown as she is really nervous about flying an outer space alone without a mechanical pilot. But I’m ready and whisper to the universe, “Go ahead and start this royal match!” I sigh with victory.
The Master of Ceremonies stands in front of the window shield beside Dirk on a parked ram ship far away from the semi-crooked rows of individual zippers and carriers. His voice echoes into each comlen inside the ship with a comfone spying on the two modified zippers, “Citizens of the Universe, welcome to the fourth royal match within the Empress-in-Waiting competition. Emperor Dirk is a brave man and his future empress should exhibit the same qualities consisting of courage, spunk, and boldness.”
I painfully bit the lower lip on my mouth while laughing out loud with the humorous statement. Nbots monitor every cute muscle on a face. I sigh with silence.
“The obstacle course starts here at the Militia space station located on the other side of the Wall inside the second solar sun system. The two Empress pilots will shoot into outer space traveling through the Wall to the planet of Agri and pick up a very special piece of cargo. The two zippers are specially designed star ships installed with a bottom panel on the ship’s belly in a format of a tiny cargo hold for an individual crate. The Empress pilot is required to air drop the empty crate drop on the ground at Agri.
“On Agri, one Business Associate will load a crate with a delicate fragile box holding twenty bottles of white champagne. If the air speed, gravity well, altitude, and magnetic pull is not in the correct vector, then the fragile box will land with a loud thump breaking all the bottles of expensive white grapes. If this is not enough stress for a future Empress, the last obstacle course is to drive the zipper back through the Wall for a second run, encircling asteroid Resort for a second air-drop. Then the Empress pilot returns to the Militia space station with an empty cargo bag completing the obstacle course and finishing the fourth royal match. If you have not broken your special package of champagne, then you can celebrate with your family and friends tonight with your victory win of the obstacle course. And, finally, the Empress pilot will collect three hundred points,” he smiles with Dirk.
I return and smile through the glittering force field inside the docking space that keeps in breathable air and out the suffocating outer space waves of poison that kills a living life form. This isn’t the most difficult of the empress tests, but the Wall isn’t like baking a pie. If you don’t get through the natural barrier swiftly, it will eat you for its lunch meal. Rita knows all too well. She has lived in the universe her whole entire life. Her husband Viscount Lad died racing Prince Rann to the Wall, during one of Rann’s post-game victory dinner parties. I read that datum inside my mini-bot.
“Ladies, wo-man your cockpit!” The Master of Ceremonies instructs.
I swing around and preform a sexy priss towards the ladder on the ship. Using all my Tele powers consisting of telepathy, telekinesis, telemetabolics, and teleclairvoyance, I execute a Tele scan from aft to steer then port to bow using my eyeballs, eardrums, and taste buddies while thoroughly inspecting my specially designed and modified zipper. I don’t wanna hear, see, taste or feel a shocking surprise. Traveling at 900 miles-per-hour inside a starship, a pilot cannot perform a change safety adjustment before encountering an accidental mechanical problem or a sabotaged failed engine inside an enclosed oxygen-need-to-breathe one-person cockpit. I sigh with duty.
The outside metal is clean and shiny as I do not sense a malfunctioning item using my Tele powers. I climb the ladder and then crawl into the leather seat that fits just right. I wiggle my fanny in the lather and slide the head-set over my hair roots covering both of my earlobes. I sigh with safety.
“Ladies, start your afterburners!” The Master of Ceremonies instructs.
I press the ignition press as a stream of red and yellow tinted, heated flumes blast from three rear engines on my zipper ship. Afterburners, check! I feel the heated warmth from the engines cushioned inside the metal casing against my back spine. The hatch automatically shuts down as a safety precaution keeping the pilot both unharmed and alert, when engines are engaged. I sigh with excitement.
“Noblettes! Ready! Set! Go!” The Master of Ceremonies shouts.
I jerk the hand joystick forward when the zipper slides ahead burning a flight pathway on top of the vanilla-colored concrete slabs jumping into dark outer space waves, before coming a tiny dot on the comlen. I can hear the sneer and string of curse words from Ivan regarding his precious docking bay floor, using my Tele power. I sigh with victory.
I plan to win this match without becoming embarrassed by Rita for the first time. By the count of ten seconds, the Wall draws closer, a very lovely site. The natural space rock formation in the middle of outer space dividing the universe is of unknown original and is called, the Wall. It consists of constantly drifting rocks, asteroids, ice crystals, and space debris collecting in groups and then attaches to the outer structure, making the phenomenon higher and wider than some of the planets in this universe. This is the still the strangest type of physics that I’ve ever seen in actual theory.
But it’s certainly fun to fly through. I perform a Tele spot with my telekinesis seeing a tea tiny hole that will open within two more seconds creating a gigantic hole which is perfect for a pair of my zipper and my person flying through the wall materials safety. I dangerously accelerate to the maximum 900 miles-per-hour and hit the hole. The outer metal shell scrapes like a set of human fingernails grinding on an elementary school’s blackboard against the space rock. The visual damage is minimal for flying. The sound is terrifying, if you aren’t accustomed to flying a starship in the cold black outer space. I sigh with triumph.
I clear the huge Wall opening and then sail ahead in outer space waves towards the drop zone blinking on my comlen screen. I quickly enter an Agri orbit slowly descending down towards the red clay dirt. Two standing employees start to wave at Starra using a green tinted flag towards the drop point. I halt then hover over the target point pressing a release button, dropping open the metal belly flaps and exposes an empty cargo hold. I sigh with victory.
Using my telepathy, I perform a Tele track on Rita, who hovers within the cold, black outer space waves patiently waiting on a man-made, time-controlled hole opening within the Wall. A vertical rectangular box shifts open every fifty minutes with a different location embedded within the center of the Wall materials. The man-made hole is used for flying cargo and entertainment and personal starships with goodies and citizens to and from the two solar sun systems with safety, without a bad incident or damage to the starships or citizens.
Let her wait! I’ll return back to the Militia space station, before that window opening peeks with a one-inch diameter crack.
“Good luck, Rita!” I whisper for my eardrums. The two employees carefully load a black tinted case containing twenty bottles of expensive champagne. I don’t like a bag or a batch of sour grapes. Rann enjoys the liquor, so her and his friends can celebrate my victory in true fashion tonight with my case of bottles, after I win this match.
Alas! I cannot join Rann as I am confined to the royal palace for the upcoming fifth royal matches, until someone wins Dirk. I sigh with grossness.
My comfone beeps. The package is loaded and locked inside the belly of the beast without bombing a planet or person or pet. I quickly jet up into the heavens flying at a forty-five-degree angle. The zipper can easily take the punishment from resisting the gravity well and the swift ascension into the outer space waves. I’ve been flying these things, since the first alien timeline, 149 days ago. And I’ve been a major abuser of this piece of outer space flying equipment. If anyone can crash a zipper, then I cannot. I sigh with humor.
I break out from the orbit of Agri seeing a tiny dot that exits from the Wall. Just my luck!
Rita has given Starra a wonderful gift by mistake. “Thank you, Rita!” I whisper for fun.
I jam the hand joystick forward increasing my air speed more than 900 miles-per-hour coupled with my telekinesis, of course. I sigh with triumph.
Steel flakes of metal and tiny silver-painted fragments beautifully grind against the Wall’s interior materials consisting of space rock, trash, and debris. I ponder a new paint job on my zipper, after completing the obstacle course, of course. I race ahead passing the space station panels shining from the solar system’s yellow sun and then next stop is asteroid Resort.
My Tele senses ping. Everything is fine.
Using the comlen, I mark a second drop zone on the screen slowing the zipper. I don’t wanna break the precious package, because Rann will be so disappointed in me…naw…the champagne.
I’m almost home free as I perform a Tele scan on the special package inside the cargo hold while looking good. I sign with greatness.
I establish an orbit around asteroid Resort then gently descend the zipper into the atmosphere. I see a crew of Agri employees at the drop zone as they are prepared to inspect the cargo for one broken bottle. I halt and hover in the blue sky lowering then and gently open the cargo hold pressing a button. The flat, metal slab slowly lowers from bay and then smoothly lands down on the top of the flat dirt soil while using a touch of my telekinesis to control and stabilize the descent of the wooden crate. I sigh with victory.
The men and women attack the box then the lead employee waves his arm in the air presenting the thumps up signal, which is very good. I sigh with greatness.
“Yee-haw!” I shout in delight delivering a box of twenty champagne bottles from Agri to Resort, without breaking into fragments of glass. They tote the box from the soil and away from the starship for safekeeping for Starra and watch her zipper ship. I sigh with victory.
I gently accelerate from the soil and swiftly sail into the stratosphere without an incident or a penalty under the rule of the royal match. I punch the gears into a hyper-speed ride straight towards the Space Station Militia adding a Tele kick with my telekinesis. Dirk or the rules do not state how to win, only win the match and receive points. I sigh with cheating.
Accessing my telepathy for a quick Tele tap, Rita is flying off Planet Agri with the crate of unbroken champagne bottles.
The rotating man-made globe appears bright and lighted wobbling around the dark outer space waves. I cut the engine then execute a Tele grab on the ship swiftly flying in silence towards the docking bay. A single Sbot hovers in space and then attaches to my ship inside the hanger bay to an assigned berth, landing the zipper with a gentle mechanical hand with a loud tap on a flat concrete slab on top of the burnt streaks. Sbot closes the force field and refresh the breathable air for the human bodies.
I release the roof hatch and breath the fresh oxygen mixture performing a Tele leap from the pilot chair, flying in the air, and land on top of the hard surface without any bloody injuries. Then I collide into Rann. He is the first individual to greet me. We slowly twirl around and laugh with happiness. I sigh with true love.
“I won!” I smile.
“You won!” He continues to cuddle and slowly spin Starra in his arms around the winds. I sigh with joy.
“I’m so happy!”
“I’m so happy for you!” He halts then lowers her to the floor staring into her dancing gray tinted eyeballs. I sigh with true love.
I greatly desire to kiss him, touch his face, and hug him again but can’t do that.
Dirk appears and stands beside the nose profile on Rann and Starra sneering at Rann. “Starra, you won?” He seems surprised or stunned.
Do you see? Do you hear? I do see. I do hear.
I desire to hurl, puke, and heave on Dirk’s lavender tinted bathroom robes.
“Yay. Hay. You don’t say, babe!” I wink at Rann then we both softly chuckle at my insult to Dirk as Dirk can’t harm me with Rann present. I sigh with protection.
“Congratulations, Countess Starra! You’re back in the running for Empress of the Universe,” then he insults, teases, and taunts for some shocking reasons. Dirk knows that I don’t want that title, but he wants something really bad from her. And Starra has yet to figure that out either. He says with a calm demeanor. “Rann, you must be Countess Starra’s number one fan.”
Rann pulls Starra closer into his chest then sneers at Dirk. “I am her number one fan and I am rooting for Starra to win.” He avoids the Empress-in-Waiting competition words, because Rann fears that Dirk is planning to harm or murder Starra.
I catch the subtle hint of murder, if Dirk touches me, then gasp in shock. I smile at Rann. “Rann, I want you to have the crate of unbroken bottles of champagne.” I pat his chest and order Rann to stand down. I can take care of my person and I can take care of his persons also. I sigh with awesomeness.
Rann returns and smiles at Rann. “I accept your lovely gift from your victorious win. Why don’t you come and celebrate your victory feat, from the race with…?”
“…Dirk. Darn it, Rann!” Dirk kingly commands and stares at Starra. “Starra is not allowed to attend any un-official, non-royal party. She is an Empress-in-Waiting candidate. She must return to my royal palace, immediately, without delay for her rest and relaxation, after her daring race and first victory match.” He reaches out and grabs Starra’s wrist bone shoving her away from Rann and beside his rib cage. I gasp in shock and jerk my arm from Dirk’s grip, back stepping from the smelly beast then softly sneer at his tallness.
Rann releases Starra without harming her body then stands soldierly while clinching two hands into a pair of folded fists sneering at Dirk. Dirk snarls back at Rann.
I exhale with a string of sour breathes without reaching Dirk’s face then turn to see Rann. I gasp in worry then plant a fake smile on my face ending the upcoming dog fight.  “Thank you kindly for your generous offer, Prince Rann. I must be going like Emperor Dirk says. Good bye, Rann! I will arrange for my crate of unbroken champagne bottles to go to Agri for your celebration of my victory,” I back step away from Dirk and Rann slowly shuffling towards a carrier ship.
Rann stops growling at Dirk then smiles at Starra, “Good luck for tomorrow! Good night, Countess Starra! Enjoy your rest and relaxation! I plan to enjoy the crate of unbroken champagne bottles.” He bows down at his fitted waistline to Starra exhibiting both respect and honor and then stands upright, grinning at her.
My four, ugly assigned royal honor guards surround my upright body cutting off any additional vocal and visual responses coming from Rann. Dirk spins around and moves ahead entering his personal carrier ship. That man cannot ride with me. I sigh with murder.
So, Dirk is not only a greedy, but jealousy guy. Now, I understand the reason for the extra guard units for me going to and from his castle. Rann is planning a stealing of his girl. I sigh with victory.
I back step into the rear bench seat waving at Rann through a wall of human muscles then I slide over the smooth leather. The door closes. I sigh with delightful happiness.
Dirk is mad; Rann is happy, and I’m joyous. Rita is in literal trouble crash landing her zipper in the smooth dirt soil on asteroid Resort. The ship is destroyed. Rita is unharmed, just humiliated.
No one will ever find out the accident, because Dirk will cover up the incident. Ty will be sworn to secrecy along with the eyeballs from the four witnesses of Business Associates. Rann will find out in five…four…three…two…one seconds.
Rann feels the vibration of the pocket-sized mini-bot then looks down pulling out the item, quickly reading the information. He laughs with amusement.
I laugh with him as I know the information coming from my Tele powers. The carrier lifts off the dock floor and sails from the space station without cheers from the crowd heading back to Planet Commerce. I continue to dance on top of the smooth leather seat in total delight and happiness. I sigh with talents.

Alien Day 150


Fifth Royal Match

Red tinted unknown building
Auditorium setting

6th hour (sunset hour, early evening)
Warm temperatures and red, yellow, blue sunset


I sit on top of a smooth long bench behind a red tinted, naked wooden picnic table with Rita sitting…naw…snarling…naw…drooling a few feet across from me. I’m absolutely clueless about the fifth royal match. Maybe, we are going to play a nice game of checkers.
I like to play checkers, cards, chess, and other board games. The games stimulate both my intellect and psyche into higher intelligence and competition. Then I’ll win this match for shore. I sigh with dreaming.

I mentally flash backwards, onto Planet Earth, when I played with Ming’s grandchildren and great-grandchildren on my home of Starbuck Plantation, each Sunday afternoon, after the church services and a big lunch meal.

I mentally flash back present, within the current alien timeline, I am too busy saving my precious fanny from Dirk, instead of marrying Rann. Two evil, vile villains figuratively and literally are fighting with me, but I possess a secret ally.
I flip my eyelashes and see Rann, who is a handsome, rich, brilliant, and courageous noble. And he secretly poses as both my protector and bodyguard while giving me advice, gifts, and weapons for both my security and safety. I sigh with true love.
The man definitely loves Starra in the eighth alien timeline, since the man can’t remember her from the previous seven. But that’s okay. I sigh with non-repeat.
I’m look elegant in a beautiful silver-diamond stubbed gown with two puffy sleeves surrounded by a mid-drift garment exposing my rib cage and suntanned skin tissue coupled with a long, shimmering diamond-encrusted sweep skirt with a three feet long dress train. I look hot, elegant, and like an empress while waving with smiles at the gathering crowd of citizens, who will witness the next round of cat fighting with Rita.
Dirk is a jealous and competitive guy too presenting a wrapped purple box to Starra, this morning, the gray tinted ball gown. Rann provided a gift also, a beautiful pair of elegant high-heeled matching sandals. Yeah, I wear them, but I like my new gown. The old gray one smells stinks from salt, perfume, and perspiration. I sigh with loveliness.
I stare at Rann inside his noble skybox, since I can’t wave. He sees me and doesn’t wave either, but our dancing eyes met. Our loving hearts touch and our minds join sharing a single same mental thought: I truly love you.
The Master of Ceremonies appears the same and stands in the same wall corner over a mounted comlen saying into the comfone, “Welcome, citizens to the fifth royal match within the Empress-in-Waiting competition. You have seen our ruler fight with vigor, honor, and duty against the evil and vile pirates that once roamed and sacked our universe. His empress must display the same bold traits to ruler beside our great leader. She must possess strength, might, and concentration.”
She must possess bold traits fighting with vigor and honor against Dirk. I do believe the historian needs to update the Commerce history books. I sigh with duty.
“The two Empress-in-Waiting candidates will engage in an arm-to-arm wrestling match.”
The citizens go wild yelling, hooting, hand clapping, boot stamping, and bell whistling.
My Tele senses ping. Everything is fine.
“What!” I whisper back to my Tele powers. I have never wrestled using a body part against another person. That’s a man sport, not a lady sport.
Let’s analyze this! If I lose, I forfeit the 100 points, then Rita leads with 400 points. When the first Empress-in-Waiting candidate reaches 500 points, she wins it all. I sigh with deception.
My new strategy, I will lose. If I win, then I receive the 100 points. Then I will become tied with Rita at 400 points for the empress title and the emperor fool.
Did you catch that statement! I received 300 points for winning the race and still in last place. This royal match event is dumb. I really don’t wanna arm wrestle with a person or a plant or a pet.
The crowd of citizens have added an annoying howling sound to the noisy racket of continuous hand claps, bell whistles, and boot stomps inside the overcrowded and smelly auditorium.
Dirk smiles with pleasure creating this slick affair. I can feel his heat then swing my sour face to see Dirk. He continues to sit on top of his throne chair. I turn and stare at Rann. He stands and claps with the audience. I gasp in alarm. Rann is happy and rooting for my success. I cannot disappointment him, fail within his eyeballs, lose the match, or get beaten in the arm wrestle by a wimpy Rita. I sigh with victory.
So, I will adjust my strategy. I’ll win by cheating and using my Tele powers performing unfair and injustice act or action. I sigh with victory.
Rita is both taller and fatter than I. She measures five feet and eleven inches tall and weighs 135 pounds. I measure five feet and one inch in height. I and the diamond-studded gown weighs 98 pounds. I sigh with beautifulness.
She has more body mass than I which equals more force, pull, and weight against me. In the field of science physics only, Rita will beat my pretty ass. And I have two enemies, my dress.
My new, lovely gray tinted flowing diamond-studded gown was provided by the cowardly Emperor Dirk. I possess a pair of long, fluffy, puffy dress sleeves interfering with my arm and wrist movements during the new wrestling match, so I will lose for certain. I sigh with confusion.
I am developing a headache here. Dirk wants me to lose, then he wants me to win. I sigh with more confusion.
I can’t go home and change my lovely gown into the smelly one before the start of the wrestling match. Else, I will become a traitor and then my neck muscles will hang onto a rope within the gallows stand, inside the Game stadium. I sigh with worry.
My dagger is hiding inside my purse, another item from Rann. Females use purses, hats, gloves, and jewelry pieces as accessories to their garments. Girls rule! Boys drool!
The citizens continue to yell, howl, hoot, hand clap, boot stamp, and bell whistle.
The Master of Ceremonies lifts his palm and calms the wild citizens. “Ladies, place your right elbow upright and rest on top of the even table surface.”
I graceful open the purse and pull out a sharp pointy deadly instrument then stand from the bench seat. The crowd of citizens sound with a soft coo.
The Master of Ceremonies views Starra then gasps in alarm., “Countess Starra, do you need something?”
“No thanks! I got it, dude!” I smile and extend my right arm parallel to the floor holding the hilt on the dagger in my left cupped hand. I do not desire a damaged dress as I might need to wear the gown later in the evening for something else. But I need to win this match and can’t do it with a pair of long puffy sleeves blocking my naked arm muscles. The citizens continue to yell, hoot, hand clap, boot stamp, and whistle.
The Master of Ceremonies lifts his palm trying to halt the wild noise. A fool from the bleacher seats yells at Starra. “Do it!” The citizens start yelling louder and wilder including more hoots, hand claps, boot stamps, and bell whistles.
I ignore the rude comment and view Rann. He scans the crazy citizens while outlining the bulge of his personal hand maser with his fingers inside his vest pocket.
I look down and stare at the puffy fabric accurately slicing the sleeve from my gown. The fabric slowly drops to the floor.
I feel sorry if that fool is found and caught by Rann. With the contagious intense evil mood from each loud, wild and crazy citizen, Rann will personally beat that fool into a set of black and blue tinted bruises, and maybe break his nose bridge. I sigh with hero.
I sit down with one damaged sleeve. I will fix the other sleeve in private at my bedroom suite in the royal castle. I smile at Rita. I sigh with victory.
Rita is not smiling and is not happy but snarls nicely in set of the musical notes. I’m back in the running for the Empress of the Universe. I sigh with winner.
If the fifth royal match results in a tie, again, then I concede. Any jury will perfectly favor my decision about quitting this stupid game which is not found inside the red Book. I have a strong sense that the Book does not address a second tie with two Empress-in-Waiting candidates during a single match. I do believe Rann was hinting about that. I just now figured that one out. I’m a little slow thinker. Better late, then never!
Inside the auditorium, the crowd of wild citizens continue to yell, hoot, howl, hand clap, boot stamp, and bell whistle. The Master of Ceremonies lifts his palm as the audience silences. He smiles, “Are you ready, Countess Starra?”
I turn and nob to the man. “I am. Thank you.” I return and grin to Rita. I sigh with victory.
“Ladies, place your right elbow in the upright position on top of the table surface.”
I set my point elbow on top of the hard wood. My hand and finger pads stare up at the ceiling rafters. Rita poses in the same position leaning her hand against Starra. My right arm, hand, and fingers are three inches lower than her long, fat, muscular, thick, tall, and pale arm. Yeah, I do describe her body parts accurately. Therefore, we cannot wrestle. This is not a fair fight. I’m too short as she’s too tall. I sigh with completion.
“May I place have a brick,” he announces.
Sbot floats from the wall and hovers at the table surface holding a tray with stacked different sizes of square-shaped, red tinted, wooden boxes. “I suggest this one,” it lifts a square box with its limb and presents to the Master of Ceremonies.
The man nods with a smile to the service robot and then stares at the nose profile on Starra. “Countess Starra, please lift then set your elbow on top of the brick stone.” I lift my elbow in the air. Sbot places a wooden brick on top of the table surface. I place my elbow on top of the brick perfectly setting my wrist bone, not hand size or finger length. He instructs. “Bound their wrist bones together for the royal match, Sbot.” Sbot ties a long, wide, red-tinted ribbon slightly tight around their wrist bones.
If I gently pull with my Tele force, of course, then I can jerk Rita’s hand into my nose bridge. That shows how tight the ribbon is around my wrist bone. I sigh with toil.
I close my two gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
“Ladies, are you ready to begin the royal match?” The Master of Ceremonies asks.
“Yes,” hisses Rita, like a Sahara snake, to Starra.
“Ready,” I softly whisper back to Rita and tap into my Tele powers trying to save a broken wrist bone. I sigh with healthy.
“Ready! Set! Go!” He shouts. The audience goes wild and shouts in an array of hoot, hoots, hand claps, boot stamps, and bell whistles.
I feel a strong tug of strength coming from Rita against my arm. She’s strong with all these fat molecules inside her arm. This force pull action really hurts my fingers and hand posing in place performing a Tele still using my telekinesis in place. The ribbon stretches taunt in opposite pull direction. This is not a regular piece of cloth created by Mother Nature. The material feels un-natural, maybe, it has been developed with a rubbery base of elasticity and endurance within each silk strand. I magically jerk her wrist bone backwards slamming her knuckles down on the hardened wood surface still holding her hand with care and caution. I sigh with doom.
“Stang!” Rita shouts in shock and disappointment. I sigh with triumph.
The Master of Ceremonies quickly evaluates and shouts, “The winner of the fifth royal match is Countess Starra.” The citizens go crazy and insane starting to loudly shout in yells, hoots, howls, hand claps, boot stamps, and bell whistles.
Sbot flies from the side wall then stops hovering at the table, cutting off the ribbon from each twisted wrist bone. I’m not relinquishing my cupped palm hold on her cupped hand. Rita is mad, angry and might jerk my arm backwards attempting to break the interior bone, just for revenge.
Rita wants to hurt me badly. Hey, baby girl! I can mind read your nasty mental thoughts. She is so furious that her pretty face is morphing into a red hue of ugliness.
The ribbon silently glides off each wrist bone falling on the surface. I release her cupped her. Rita jerks her arm in the air and over her hair roots with such great force that she almost falls backwards off the long bench seat but catches her wobbling body. I watch Rita and cuddle my arm into my chest. Rita is mad enough to kill me. I sigh with victory.
I smile and wink at a sneering Rita then slowly stand watching over her blonde tinted hair roots. My guards quickly move from the wall and then surround my person for protection. I cannot see Rita or Dirk and only hear the crowds. Someone is suspicious. I sigh with true love.
The citizens continue to yell in a series of loud hoots, howls, hand claps, boot stamps, and bell whistle. The Master of Ceremonies lifts his palm calming the audience members, “Countess Starra has won the match. She receives the 100 points. As of tonight, Viscountess Rita and Countess Starra are both tied with 400 points each at the end of the fifth royal match for the title of Empress of the Universe. Thus, I must defer the next royal protocol step to Emperor Dirk.” The citizens yell louder in a series of hoots, howls, hand claps, boot stamps, and bell whistle turning to see Dirk.
My Tele senses pings. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
“What!” I whisper with worry. “What did I just do! I don’t wanna win. I wanna lose. But I wanna win for Rann. I wanna leave the empress competition and marry Rann.” Then I sneer with frustration and then sidestep bumping…naw…shoving the two guards from my body. I stand outside my human protection huddle and stare at Dirk on top of the stage. I link, connect, Tele talk to Dirk: I give up. I surrender. Give the title, the trophy, and the tiara to Rita, Dirk.
Dirk hears her telepathic words then laughs with amusement staring back at Starra. I sigh with doom.
He slowly rises from his throne chair fluttering his lavender tinted bathroom robes from his feet then moves ahead dragging the long robe train like a girl. He halts and stands on the top step, wiggling his scepter back and forth in one hand, holding a red tinted Book in his cupped hand.
My Tele senses pings. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
“What!” I whisper with worry. “Why didn’t I read that same red tinted Book on my first day here within the new galaxy coming from Lady Rosa?” I shake my curls and exhale with nervousness. I am the cause and effect of my alien life form here within the new universe. If I had only followed Rosa’s instructions, then I would be back home on Planet Earth, not here facing Dirk’s new dangerous session. I sigh with stupidity.
On top of the stage, Nbots attack Dirk buzzing around his pair of dumbo earlobes waiting on the verbal announce coming from the red tinted Book that no other citizen owes or reads regarding a tie between two Empress-in-Waiting candidates in order to marry then mate with the Emperor of the Universe.
I shake in grossness then mouth spit on the floor from a bitter taste and vile stomach acids. I sigh with defeat.
The citizens stand and dance on the bleachers and with each other while yelling in an array of hoots, howls, hand claps, boot stamps, and bell whistles.
Dirk slowly raises his scepter in the air. The crowd halts the racket. He inhales with tons of sour air molecules and then says. “Citizens of the Universe, I am very stunned and surprised with each outcome, from each royal match, for permanent eternal role of the Empress of the Universe, so far. Are you stunned and surprised along with me?” He softly chuckles. The crowd of vicious citizens start to loudly yell, howl, hoot, hand clap, boot stamp, and bell whistle. Dirk lowers the scepter down to his kneecaps as the audience silences. “You are both surprised and stunned too. The Book offers a solution in case of a double tie between the two competing Empress-in-Waiting candidates.”
“Naw!” I cross my arms and shake my curls with disappointment. I turn and view Rann. He stares at Dirk. He is not happy; Rita is happy. The citizens start to yell again.
He slowly raises the scepter in the air near his ugly nose when immediately silence echoes around the auditorium. He inhales tons of air molecules, wording. “Citizens of the Universe, I will provide the Royal statute, tomorrow afternoon, here. Everyone is invited to come and enjoy the tense moments of the next step in the Empress-in-waiting competition.” The citizens start to yell again.
I stomp in place with my right sandal then my left sandal uncrossing my arms. I’m mad, sad, and hungry. Dirk has rigged this stupid contest for some stupid reason. I turn and stare at Rann, when a wall of humans blocks my eyeball view. They slowly move sideways forcing Starra to leave the auditorium setting and return back to the royal castle. I sigh with fury.

Alien Day 151


Auditorium setting
8th hour (early morning)


The auditorium setting is packed with a group of smelly shouting citizens lining the side walls, on top of the stage platform, and on the hidden upper staircase leading to the second floor. Pairs of dangling naked legs and naked feet hang from each noble skybox.
I slowly enter the room setting with my honor guards trailing behind and then I whisper for my eardrums only, “Dang! Every citizen from a big dude to a little toddler is present here in flesh and bone. Something bad is going to happen and it is going to happen to me.” I sigh with doom.
My Tele powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
Dirk wears a new set of lavender colored robes with a matching lavender tinted gemstone crown and stands in the middle of the stage steps without a dangling citizen. The center stage and his throne chair are covered in heated bodies facing the bleacher seats. He holds the Book in the air above his crown. The audience members continue to loudly cheer.
I stop and sit on top of a padded stool several feet from Rita sneering at Dirk. I sigh with death.
He slowly lowers the book and halts in front of his chest flipping open the pages, looking down at the words.
Naw! Dirk is making up the words that are not listed inside the pages of that red tinted Book regarding a tie between two Empress-in-Waiting candidates. So, his new evil plan is about to be revealed on me. I sigh with anticipation.
He looks up and smiles, “Citizens of the Universe, thank you for your support and encouragement of the selection process for my bride-to-be.” The citizens start to cheer again. Dirk lifts his palm in the air, when the room silences immediately. He says, “Each noblette has shown ingenuity, courage, and creativity to win her particular royal match. These outstanding and remarkable qualities have resulted in another tie. Would you have believed this outcome of a tie? I guess you can say that I’m a worthy fellow,” he smiles with a set of yellow tinted, stained teeth as the citizens hoot and laugh for the emperor. He nods. “The final match is a sudden match.” The citizens start to yell again. I sigh with dread.
He lifts his hand and calms the audience members, “The new rule is simple.” He likes to say that. Each new royal rule is never simple, but complicated, unclear, convoluted, dangerous, and deadly for only the hidden alien. He adds with a grin, “The sudden match will end, when one of the noblettes is dead, thus creating a sudden death.” Every citizen gasp in shock including Rita.
I exhale with a string of whispered nasty words and sneer at Dirk swiftly sliding off the stool, standing on the floor. I wear my gray skirt outfit and the matching thigh-high boots plus my hidden silver dagger from Rann. Even without Telepathy, I will be using my deadly new toy on some one. I scan the bleachers with rowdy, crazy citizens. Rita slumps both of her collar bones down into her elegant gown exhibiting both worry and fear.
I return and wave my arm to Dirk, “Pardon me, Dirk! Sudden death is a figurative dictionary phrase meaning, the game score is tied. That’s defined as another non-violent action play adding one extra point to a final score with the game determining the winner breaking a tie with the same number of points. In summary, sudden match chooses the winner, not kill the loser.” The citizens hoot and laugh with Starra.
“You!” Dirk replies. The audience silences. “You have an incorrect definition of the word sudden death within this empress competition, Countess Starra.” He smiles. The citizens cheer, clap, hoot, and laugh for Dirk. I sigh with terror.
I’m the stronger physical, or in this case metaphysical girl on the floor, flipping my stern face to Rita. So, I must kill my opponent using her red tinted blood proteins winning the sudden match.
Rita gathers her inner strength and lifts her chin drooling drops of sour mouth spittle between her smirked lips to Starra. I sigh with death.
Dirk adds for fun, “If no one dies after completing the last round of the sudden death, I will personally execute the one exhibiting the most wounds on her body.” He pulls a maser rifle from his robes leaning the long barrel against his collar bone. Each person gasps in shock.
Nice move, Dirk! I change my mind and then wink to Rita.
Dirk says, “There will a five minutes break, before the sudden death round begins.” The citizens rustle to their feet and quickly invade all the food vendor booths outside the building for a snack before the bloody-thirsty event.
I stand and stare down at the clean, hard, floor tiles in dull purple hue silently counting out five minutes to death. Fifty seconds in a minute. I have 250 seconds, before I die (Commerce time clock, ya’ll).
I feel a presence at my back spine flipping around sneering with my angry face, seeing Rann. I exhale a string of sour breaths. I sigh with nervousness.
He gently touches her collar bone and nods with a stern face, “I have faith in you. You can beat her, Starra.”
“I can kill her.” I sigh with desperation.
He nods again. “I support you and your decision in this most difficult situation. You must be aggressive, Starra. It’s her or you! Do you recall? Dirk will not be waiting with a bouquet of flowers for the final act of the play.” 
Dirk stands on the steps and waits for my death. That statement does not make any sense. I sigh with confusion.
The citizens rush inside the auditorium setting and return to an empty seat eager to begin the sudden death chanting in unison, “Ten. Nine. Eight. Seven. Six. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Zero.”
I continue to stand beside Rann a few feet from a sitting Rita. Rann slaps her forearm for luck then back steps from Starra, sitting down on the front row in case of assistance.
The Master of Ceremonies stands in the wall corner and lifts his palm calming the citizens and then he shouts into the comfone, “Each round is timed event which is formatted as a fight with various weapons. At the end of fight, if there is no clear empress winner, then each noblette will advance to the next round receiving a new set of weapons. You will engage the first round here inside the auditorium setting employing hand-to- hand combat techniques.” Silence bombards the room setting and as each pair of eyeballs stare at Starra and Rita. Two Sbots lift up from the floor beside the Master of Ceremonies and float ahead towards the two candidates.
Sbot halts and hovers beside Starra, “Please, follow me, Countess Starra.” The robot flies backwards a few feet and then halts in the air pointing its mechanical finger down at the floor tiles. “Come and stand right here for the beginning of the Sudden Death round.”
Rita becomes repositioned and faces Starra. The citizens start to cheer for spilled blood proteins and violent acts. I sigh with annoyance.
“Sudden Death begins right here and right now,” Dirk shouts with laughter then sits down on top of the steps enjoying the commotion.
Rita leaps from the floor and flies a few inches in the air extending both of her arms even with the floor, exhibiting a set of ten sharpened, red-tinted, manicured nails…naw…claws trying to grab Starra’s throat.
Strangulation technique, darling!
I stand in place and wait for her to come closer then execute a Tele forward flip using my two palms, somersaulting ahead, passing Rita dress train. Rita doesn’t halt her forward move in a pair of high-heeled summer sandals missing Starra. Then she tries to stop but loses her upright body balance slamming face down on top of the hard tiles then slides forward on her two naked elbows across the smooth flooring. The citizens sound with a low moan of defeat.
Does that sting, sugar?
I complete the last flip then stand upright running ahead, slowly my inertia without hitting the front row of sitting and cheering citizens. I halt then spin around laughing with the citizens at Rita. Rita has more height and more weight compared mathematically to Starra. That body frame combination makes her slow and Starra fast.
I smile then frown. My heart is not cooperating with the new physical game plan. As a matter of fact, neither is my mental mind. I cannot kill an innocent citizen, even a vile, unkind Rita, because an evil wicked Dirk decrees it.  I greatly desire to kill Dirk instead. I turn and sneer at Dirk. He continues to study Starra and snaps his fingers. A huddle of his royal honor guards appears and forms a semi-circle around his sitting body creating a mess for Starra to kill him in front of the audience members. I sigh with revenge.
I jab my fingernail at Dirk and nod in silence. I link, connect, and Tele talk to Dirk: Your time is coming, bubba!
And, so, your time comes soonest, darling! He links, connects, and Tele talks back to Starra.

On the opposite of the auditorium setting, Rita slowly stands and curses with a string of nasty words, feeling both pain and embarrassment, spinning around and stares at Starra. She presses her burnt two palms and ten finger pads down her wrinkled gown first. Then she pulls her long blonde-tinted hair into a tight bun behind her neck and charges ahead at Starra. Her inflamed nose holes flare and puffs of sour breaths snort out from her button nose. The citizens stand and cheer for Rita.
I stand in place and wait for Rita to hit the right spot on the floor. I bend my kneecaps and execute a Tele jump from the floor, flying in the air, sailing over her hair roots and then land on one bend kneecap behind her back spine. I stand then spin around seeing the impact.
Rita plows her face, dress, and two sandals into six sitting citizens on the bottom tier in the bleacher seats, resting in their laps. The non-hurt citizens groan.
Go fish, dear!
Clearly or cleverly, Rita is intent to kill Starra first.
I turn and sneer at Dirk. Dirk smiles with too much glee. I swing my face and view Rann. He stands now shoving citizens from his body observing Starra and the floor action, wearing a stern face. But I can sense his worry inside his guts. I sigh with true love.
Several of the citizens toss Rita from their body. She plops down on top of the hard tiles shaking her dizzy head and wiggling her aching body into consciousness and then tries to stand on pair of spiked heeled, summer sandals. After the third attempt, Rita stands straight and tall snorting out a tiny stream of blood proteins coming from her two open hole holes, rushing ahead towards Starra.
I frown in annoyance then turn dashing down beside the rows of bleacher seats heading towards the lobby doors for quick good-bye, with an air kiss, at Dirk. I plan to exit the building, damage the manicured lawn, fly off the planet, and sail around of the universe, until Rann catches up with me. Then we get married and live someplace else happily ever after. I sigh with plan.
A Gbot is a cylinder-shaped, seven-foot tall robot used by each king or queen for personal protection holding a charged maser rifle in a metal limb, aiming at Starra. Four Gbots stand and block each entrance archway blocking the entrance door into the lobby setting.
I slide sideways and sing in shock. “Stang!” I race beside entrance wall with rows of bleacher seats turning the wall corner without hitting the audience members running along the side wall. I plan to race around the outer perimeter within a square-shaped auditorium while looking for a new plan. Rita elegantly spins around in her gala gown and rushes ahead, running a few feet behind Starra.
My Tele powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
Without warning, well, I am indeed warmed and warned with the Tele power of clairvoyance (future seeing). A wise guy sits on the bottom tier then shoves his long leg and his pointy boot toe into my running path. To avoid falling down on my pretty face, I perform a Tele leap from the ground and fly a few feet in the air gracefully landing on top of the hard floor. I continue hustle down the side wall beside the cheering crowd for a second trip.
My Tele powers ping. Everything is fine.
I slow my pace then spin around running backwards staring at Rita. The “wise guy” is too slow withdrawing his leg from the flat floor. Rita slams her sandal into his folded leg losing her balance and fall down, skidding her face, chin, nose, and forehead over the floor again.
Does that sting, doll?
I halt and drop down on one kneecap breathing in then out a string of sour air molecules between my soft giggles. Rita continues to lie face down, like a dead girl, on the dirty floor feeling pings of intense pain throughout her body. I sigh with unhealthiness.
I quickly perform a Tele probe using my telemetabolics on Rita. She is fine. I will be kneeling here for another fifteen seconds. I’m using every ounce of energy, resource, and magic that I possess to win this sudden death round.
Within the bleacher seats, another devoted fan of Rita steps on the floor assisting her into a sitting upright position on her knees. Dark red blood proteins gush down like a waterfall on top of the floor. I sigh with disgust.
Then the tall anger Male sitting behind the “wise guy” stands and belts the hairy bone skull on the wise guy. The wise guy swiftly stands and executes an about face punching at his attacker, bloody the Male’s nose bridge. More dark red blood proteins gushes like a colorful waterfall from the Male’s nose holes splashing down onto numerous sitting citizens. Then the sitting citizens become anger and stand starting a bigger fight with the Male and the wise guy using naked hands boot toes, and a few daggers from a utility belt.
The non-fighting citizens shout in unison, “Fight, fight, fight.” I sigh with shock.
Gbots, royal honor guards, and the Militia rush into the fight then separate the troublemakers from the cheering crowd. They quickly bound, bind, and arrest all the involved assailants as the citizens cheer.
I feel sorry for these guys and gals serving time inside the Prison Planet for 20 days from a silly fist fighting then glancing at Dirk. He grins and enjoys the creative cowardly chaos.
I swing around and study Rita. She wobbles on a pair of naked feet standing between two of her devoted fans but her long lovely dress sways sideways in defiance of pain. I sigh with amusement.
A loud bell dings with a loud ding in a musical tone. “The first round of the sudden death is complete,” the Master of Ceremonies announces. The citizens rustle and then exit bleacher seats to pee and then eat food.
I slowly stand in place then scoot away from the rushing persons, who head towards the exit archway. Sbot appears and swirls its metal limb at the front of the room. I turn and view a long naked table with my name etched on a free-standing wooden board in the corner. I walk to my assigned platform equipped with food, water, medical supplies, and Rann.
I stand beside Rann and smile down at the items on the table, “What did you think of round one, Rann?” I grab and open the new bottle of water sipping the cold liquid.
“I don’t see how you can joke about facing death, Starra.” He turns and frowns at the nose profile on Starra.
“Facing death! I ain’t the one that’s going to die, today, sweetheart.” I tease with love and affection sidestepping then lean into his chest, slipping on the cold water.
“You don’t look like a very athletic girl, Starra. Do you have secret powers or something?”
“I have something,” I gulp a few mouthfuls of water. I barely sweat. However, if I keep up this pace, then I’ll start to perspire soon, maybe, ruining my new outfit. I bump into his hard body during my short break. He cracks a smile at her silly behavior then leans down whispering a set of sweet words into her face. I sigh with true love.
The same loud bell dings with loud ding in a musical tone. The Master of Ceremonies shouts, “Noblettes, please, grab a weapon and follow me outside the auditorium setting for the beginning second round of Sudden Death.” He exits the building.
I exhale tons of mixed oxygen molecules then remove my body from Rann, because the Sbot shoves its dangerous pointy metal limb towards Rann with its metal meanness. I back step then elegantly twirl my skirt in half-circle seeing an empty room. Gossip travels faster than the speed of a zipper here within the unknow universe. I twirl back around and wink to Rann, “Round two calls. I gotta go, Rann. Wish me luck!”
He dances around Sbot then sidesteps colliding into Starra, pulling her into his chest and kisses her lips. I moan with delight. We surface and smile at each. He whispers. “Great luck! Great victory! I wish for the both of us.”
Dirk appears beside the nose profiles on Starra and Rann grabbing her forearm, jerking Starra away from Rann. Rann releases Starra without harming her body then turns growling at Dirk. I stand beside Dirk and snarl at his nose profile. I sigh with death.
Dirk scoots sideways and slams into Starra “Time to go and perform in the second Sudden Death round, Countess Starra.”
I back step and sneer at Dirk twirling around and walk backwards while flirting and winking to Rann. He smiles and follows her. I do believe that boy likes me. I spin around and pace across an empty auditorium following Dirk.
Dirk leads outside into the bright sunlight, down the steps, and then halts. I run into the back spine on Dirk. He laughs without moving. I step forward then spin around sneering at Dirk. I do believe that boy really hates me. Dirk shuffles ahead with a smile to Rita.
I pace with Rann and study my new environment and enemies. I sigh with doom.

On the 9th hour in the early morning, on the side wall of the red tinted unnamed building, a long and wide patch of manicured grass stands beside a thicket of lush forest in green hue.
Dirk halts and stands beside Rita. Rita stands beside the Master of Ceremonies, who stands against the side wall of hard concrete and red paint on the building, pointing ahead at the tallest tree in front of the forest. The audience members sat or stand several yards on each side of the Master of Ceremonies whispering to each other or whispering to a mini-bot or eating food.
Rann and I mosey over the manicured grass blades. I follow the pointing finger on the Master of Ceremonies and study the object. I gasp in shock then elbow Rann leaning his body, whispering my words. “Goody, honey! I can carve “Rann loves Starra” into the brown tinted bark on that tall shade tree that seals our love foreverly.” He cuddles her in front of the citizens without kissing her face. I sigh with true love.
Rann halts in front line of sitting and standing citizens releasing then watches Starra.
I pass Dirk and present a lady sneer, then I pass Rita and perform a lady growl of annoyance and finally I pass the Master of Ceremonies nodding my head with a sweet smile. I stop beside him and wear a stern face studying the lush forest and then gasp in shock. The tallest tree that I wish to carve my name with Rann’s presenting two individual weapons piercing the tree bark, a long-handled axe. I sigh with death.
The Master of Ceremonies drops his hand and shouts into a portal smaller comfone to each pair of eardrums. “Welcome to the second round of Sudden Death! I do believe the goal is obvious. There are two deadly weapons sticking out from that tall shade tree. Each Empress-in-Waiting will race ahead and grab one weapon, not both of the weapons. Then they will fight to the death or until one girl is badly injured or dying in pain. The one survival will win the second round and then marry Emperor Dirk today.” A loud bell rings with a musical tone.
I exhale with annoyance and whisper for my eardrums only, “Time for more pain, Rita!”
Rita does not hesitate and races ahead reaching the tall shade tree, yanking out her weapon first. She spins around and waits sneering at Starra.
I roll my eyeballs then stare at the tree rushing ahead, flinging out my hand. I perform a Tele yank using my telekinesis on the handle jerking the blade from the tree bark, holding the heavy weapon with my two sweaty palms. The blade gleams sharp and silver in the sun and formatted in a half-moon figure. I sigh with dread.
Rita attacks first not learning to practice the virtue of patience.

I mentally flash backwards, on Planet Earth, during my Tele training, when Tele Huntress didn’t practice patience either.

I mentally flash present within the new alien timeline, Rita cocks the axe behind her collar bone then tosses the weapon at directly Starra.
I casually stop then stand in the middle of the nicely manicured lawn without people or pets impatiently waiting for Sbot to serve a tumbler of sweet tea. I lift my hand before my face and perform a Tele slide using my telekinesis gliding sideways and observe the forward motion on her rotating axe. Rita has a strong arm but lousy aim.
I don’t think anyone realizes that I possess special metaphysical talents, yeah, except for Dirk and I do not need more attention drawn to my person, even if I might die.
Rita has a strong arm but lousy aim. I swiftly drop down and roll over the grass blades tucking the blade into my chest and dodging her flying axe.
The axe violently kisses a row of low-lying blueberry fruit bushes behind my rolling boot toes whacking the top branches off the stems then stabs the dirt killing the grass blades. Rita races ahead and sneers in defeat towards her fallen axe…naw…fallen enemy.
I careless roll directly into Rita then execute a Tele leap from the grass blades gigging at my enemy. Rita steals Starra’s axe and tries to slice off her bone skull, missing, of course.
I quickly squat down and then swing my leg into her sandal. Rita is taller than I am. She falls backwards and yells in fear tossing the axe to the side, landing on her back spine. The axe stabs the dirt.
I elegantly dance in a squatting pose on one boot sole swinging to the right, then to the left, then go backwards, covering large patches of grass and then trip on my boot heel as the manicured lawn has ended. I slam down on back muscles with two legs sticking straight up in the air, like a dead possum on the roadway. I feel the wet content of a deep dirt ditch on my body and my new outfit. The dirt ditch is filled with wet water, brown mud, yellow leaves, green grass blades, and black munch particles. Yucko!
After her short rest on the grass, Rita stands and growls at Starra watching the girl fall off the lawn, racing ahead, snatching the axe with one hand and stops in front of the ditch. She sneers and swing the blade over her blonde-tinted slicing the axe downwards at Starra.
In the ditch, of course, I create a Tele bubble using my telekinesis protecting my folded person from her fatal deadly blow then swiftly levitate my body out from the wet ditch and over the soft grass blades slipping away Rita.
Rita exerts all her human strength into her axe motion without stopping her forward momentum then splashes face first down into the cold ditch water. The crowd of citizens sound with a series of loud laughter, cheers, boos, and hand claps.
Over the manicured lawn, I gently drop down in a safe spot then wiggle sideways standing on one kneecap, exhaling a string of sour breaths. I slowly stand and perform a cute dance step in my spot shaking off the excess water drops, particles of sticky green grass, and the shoddy brown munch from my dirty clothes. I sigh with disgust.
Rita screams in panic. Four of her devoted fans…naw…guards arrive and gently jerk her up from the watery depths within a three-foot ditch of dirty brown and black tinted mud. She stands and shakes her body sending numerous tiny waterdrop projectiles and other larger natural items onto her bodyguards.
Geez! That ditch water is ice cold drenching my body from my two non-pointy earlobes down to my boot toes. I narrow two eyelashes at Rita. Poor Rita fairs worser than I. Her usually prim and proper blonde-tinted hair bun is covered in brown mud and green muck. Wo-man, I hope that green muck is soggy grass blades, if you know what I mean. I rudely laugh along with the rest of the amused citizens. I sigh with embarrassment.
I enjoy seeing Rita as both an unkempt and unpolished noblette. This is war, baby. War ain’t pretty, girlfriend. So, remember that statement always and forever. I sigh with lesson.
Rita slowly picks and paws large and small chumps of wet grass blades from her multiply hair strands, her face, and her neck.
The bell rings with a musical tone. “The second round of Sudden Death has ended,” the Master of Ceremonies announces then turns moving off the grass towards the street property.
Sbot appears and stands in front of Starra droning with an alto timber. “Countess Starra, please, follow behind me to the third round of the Sudden Death which will occurs on the cobblestone street.”
I wish it and he and Dirk would quit saying, the words, Sudden Death. The phrase makes me both nervous and afraid of the sunlight.
I slowly pace my tired, aching, and wet body over the manicured lawn. Rita can’t attack a person or place or pet, until the bell rings.
I move over the vanilla-colored sidewalk and see a horse-less, double-wide, covered carriage driven by a Pbot. I climb into the cart and sit on top of the seat leaning back into the soft cushions and my close two eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
“Do your desire a cold beverage, Countess Starra,” Sbot hovers in the empty space for a robot in-between the edge of the bench seat and the opposite door inside the carriage. On each side door, an array of stacked supplies consisting of an assortment of water bottles, drinks, food, medical supplies, towels, and no Rann. I sigh with disappointment.
“I need a bottle of cold water and a hot shower, Sbot.”
“I am sorry to report that there is not present a bathing facility inside your horse-less carriage,” the robot drones and holds a bottle of water for her.
I softly chuckle then reply, “Too bad.” I apply a healing slap using my telemetabolics during the short carriage ride towards an undisclosed cozy spot for the continued catfight…naw…competition. I sigh with doom.
The carriage smoothly halts. “You have arrived at your next travel destination, Countess Starra,” Sbot hums.
“I give you permission to take my place, Sbot,” I josh with a smile.
“I cannot possibility take your place, Countess Starra. I am not a royal noblette.” Sbot hums.
“Too bad.” I moan with disappointment. I sigh with toil.

On the 10th hour of mid-day, in the bright sunlight of a warm day, outside a line of horse-less carriages on top of another different plot of dirt and grass, the Master of Ceremonies stands and shouts into his portal comfone, “Noblettes, please, follow me.”
Rest. Ready. Refresh. Rearing to go! I blink my two eyelashes open then slowly stand from the soft seat whispering in annoyance, “Stang!”
Its acute mechanical eardrums catch the nasty word, “Countess Starra, you should not use that particular word,” Sbot swings open the opposite door by pressing a button on the door and still hovers inside the carriage watching at Starra.
“Double stang!” I shout with annoyance at everything and everyone, executing a sideways Tele kick with my boot sole breaking some of the folding metal hingers on the automatic door.
Do you think I feel happy?
The door swings open then drops down grunting in metal pain, swaying sideways. Of course, the crowd of citizens do not seem to notice the damage to the door but continue to cheer for the upcoming death match between the two royal noblettes.
Did you note that Dirk changed the word from candidate to noblette? Yeah, I did too. Because there is a reason. I sign with secret.
I stand inside the archway of my damaged carriage without hunting for Rann and frown at the new plot of tall green tinted grass blades and taller yellow tinted weeds, rows of low-lying plant bushes, small groves of trees, flocking of flying birds, individual scurrying squirrels on the ground.
I execute a Tele scan using my teleclairvoyance seeing a dark murky creature-infested…naw…a nice fish pond of fresh water. Geez! I’m a Tele Mistress, not a water mermaid. I sigh with intrigue.
The Master of Ceremonies stands among the tall weeds then spins around pointing ahead to a shoreline of gray sands and black body of water which lies beyond the dry landscape. “Your weapon is located inside a wooden boat that floats in the middle of that pond of fresh water, Begin round three of the Sudden Death!” The bell rings in a musical tone.
Rita stands beside the Master of Ceremonies, where Starra was supposed to stand there also. She races ahead in a shortened gala dress after cutting off the train and two feet of gown fabric, sliding over the sands then dives her bone skull first into that cold, pond of water. I sigh with chills and thrills.
I don’t run off the carriage step but continue to stare at the murky, dark green water pond. I turn to see the sheering citizens spotting Rann. He gives a “thumbs up” pose to Starra. I sigh with true love.
I execute a Tele leap from the step and remove my boots exposing my naked feet, landing on the soft grass blades and race across the dry soil then halt. I slowly scoot over the gray tinted sand grains squashing my naked toes between the rough grain halting in the water. The waves are warm and appealing slamming my naked ankle bones. I march ahead and slowly cover my lower body to the waistline swimming ahead towards the further empty boat in the middle of the pond that holds my weapon to fight against Rita.
I perform a Tele probe using my teleclairvoyance on the boat which is made with rows of weakened and slightly loose wooden staves and a weapon. The weapon is hidden underneath the wood seat, a black maser. This battle is going to become short and sweet. I sigh with sweetness.
Burn the wooden boat with Rita inside, my worries will end immediately. That is a great plan, ya’ll. But I’m a Tele mistress, not a fiery pyromaniac, honey!
Rita, of course, has reached the closest wooden boat and her weapon first while I unfortunately have not. She squats down and snatches the weapon from underneath, slowly standing upright and neatly balances her body on top of the wobbling floor. She starts firing streams of red waves of fire at Starra in the water. Fortunately for me, her aim is really lousy again. I could be in major trouble, if Rita ever learned how to fire a maser ray. I sigh with death.
“You need more practice, honey,” I shout out loud with a telepathic touch to Rita and then laugh out loud, so both of her eardrums can hear my nasty words. Rita stops firing the beams at Starra then presents a contorted face of deadly vengeance.
Funny face, darling!
I catch gulps of my sweet breathes then dive my body underwater the water surrounding myself with a Tele bubble locating the bottom of my boat then halt. I perform a Tele punch with my folded fist breaking the weakest stave, grabbing the maser weapon. My rowboat instantly starts sinking on top of me. I planned that, sorta.
I swim backwards from the sinking boat then float upwards breaking the water surface still wearing a Tele shield around my body. The strong Tele shield blocks the constant annoying barge of red maser waves coming from Rita. I gulp streams of sweet oxygen and then submerge down into the water again diving ahead then halt underneath her boat bottom. I perform a Tele slam with my fist on the weakest wooden stave without breaking my hand or the wooden stave, but the sound echoes upwards into the airways. A maser does not function under the water. I bet you didn’t know that scientific fact. I read that inside the red Book. I sigh with knowledge.
In the boat, Rita hears and feels the water echo coming from a hard object hitting the bottom staves on her floating rowboat and then gasps in alert. Starra has dived under the water and swims below her boat bottom. She points the heated barrel on her maser down at the wooden floor burning the first then second then third then fourth hole in the floor. Her boat fills with water then starts to sink while attempting to kill Starra. Rita misses, of course. Her killing strategy doesn’t work as the wooden boat floods twice as fast.
Underneath the water, I swim away from her sinking boat then float upwards breaking the water surface, laughing first then cough out water, then laugh again, then breathe in two-parts of oxygen molecules and one-part of a hydrogen molecule into my pair of healthy lungs. I spin around and swim to the shoreline kicking my two legs and arching my two arms. Twenty feet seems like an eternity, ya’ll. I sigh with determination.

On the 11th hour in the early afternoon, I reach the swallow waves then stand wobbling through the water, sloshing over the sand grains reaching the woods, without a sidewalk or a chair. The pond bank is brown tinted mud beyond the gray tinted sand grains. I stop and lean against the tall tree huffing out streams of water, inhaling strings of fresh air. The shallow water is warm floating over the sands but cold underneath the shady branches. The pond feeds wild life and underground springs for drinking water. I sigh with coldness.
I lean around the tree and view the citizens seeing sitting chairs, standing tables and stacks of food refreshments. During my entrance into the pond, the citizens had gathered a semi-circular perimeter which was guarded by a semi-crooked line of shiny Gbots.
Where did all those Gbots come from?
If a citizen aids or hinders a noblette, then the citizen gets prosecuted. Dirk had created a royal rule, after Rita’s crash in the first round of Sudden Death, since he loved to kill his own citizens. I sigh with worry.
On top of the pond water, Rita screams and struggles in fear without leaving her sinking boat or swimming her body back to the warm shoreline. I sunk my ship; then I sunk her ship. So, Rita feels fear, anger, fury readying to kill Starra without a weapon.
The bell rings in a musical tone. “The third round of Sudden Death has concluded,” the Master of Ceremonies announces via the comfone for all eardrums then moves ahead to his personally horse-less carriage driven by a Pbot.
“Starra,” sings Rann in his sexy baritone trombone into her eardrum wrapping a soft blanket around her wet body. “Are you alright? Is your body injured? Do you require anything, Starra, darling?”
My teeth shiver and as I stare at Dirk in the far distance behind the rowdy citizens, on top of the sidewalk, I whisper to Rann, “Hot drink.” Dirk stares back at Starra then nods his head wearing a smirk. I sigh with danger.
“I’ll be return in a moment. Stay right there, dearest!” He wraps a second blanket around her then hugs Starra pulling back his warmth. I sigh with shivers.
“Noblettes, once you become semi-dry and semi-refreshed, please return back to your assigned carriage,” the Master of Ceremonies announces via the comfone for all eardrums.
Rann returns within seconds, “Here! Hot chocolate! Be careful, the liquid is very hot!”
“Thanks,” I blow a string of sweet breathes across the white crème then swallow the first gulp of heat. I feel the warm sensation on my tongue travel down my esophagus and hit my belly button. Then I drink another swallow.
“Starra, you’re doing a very good job, defending yourself by water and by land.” He softly chuckles.
“Thanks,” I blow out the word with the same breath on the heated chocolate.
“This is the last...”
“Starra,” Dirk sings in his dull tenor timber and stands behind Rann and Starra.
Where did he come from!
Rann and I spin around at the same time then sneer as one musical note at Dirk. Rann cuddles Starra and continues to sneer at Dirk.
Dirk smiles. “Time to leave and venture to the next location within the Sudden Death. Don’t worry! I have sent bots to collect Rita.” Dirk chuckles. I look behind my collar bone. A square-shaped formation of flying Sbots tote a small chair holding a wet Rita. Dirk orders. “This way to the carrier ship and all alone, Starra,” he points at a line of carrier ships parked on top of the broken cobblestone street.
I slowly spin back around with a confused brow then study view the street seeing two parked zipper ships. The horse-less carriages are gone. The citizens have scattered. The Gbots form a line and hover over the broken pieces of the sidewalk. I sigh with confusion.
Dirk scoots around Rann and Starra, without touching her, in fear of swift retaliation from Rann, softly chuckling and marches ahead to the carrier ships.
I exhale with annoyance and then slowly stumble through the high weeds. Rann supports Starra while whispering sweet words into her eardrum. We reach the first carrier ship. A Phot stands at the passenger door then opens the metal. I swing around and view Rann. He is not smiling and stand beside a grinning Dirk. I nod with a fake smile to Rann then spin around climbing down into the rear seat, sitting beside a stack of folded purple tinted bed blankets. The other chairs have been removed and replaced with a storage bin built into the side wall.
Pbot slams the door. Rann leaves the street for his home. Dirk heads to his royal carrier for the trip to the next destination.
Inside the rear bench, I lean over and open the bin seeing numerous bottles of cold waters and small food packages of crackers, cheese strips, and fruit piece. I grab then dive into the food items using my hand, teeth and tongue saliva cramming soft crackers and bites of apple between my lips. I wrap two blankets around my folded legs slapping red and brown food crumbs on top of warmth and softness.
I feel the zipper engine roar then it launches upwards from the stones, into the sky atmosphere, finally soars into outer space. I close my two eyelashes and lean into the back cushions chewing on the food items. I dream of Rann as he kisses my lips and hugs my body, hearing the whispers of Dirk’s nasty words.
I gasp in alert and open my eyelashes staring at the closed panel between Pbot and me. If neither noblette is dead, after the last round, then Dirk will kill the loser.
Rita is the loser. Wait! Dirk loves Rita. I’m the loser. The loser, as the unlucky girl, has the most injuries on her body, then she dies, first and last, foreverly.
I swiftly toss the warm blankets down to the floor scanning my body injuries. Each leg holds several ugly bluish-black bruises. Each arm possesses a few reddish-pink cuts on the skin tissue.
I turn and study the side window viewing my face. I see tons of golden freckles exaggerating in a large funny pattern across my nose bridge, my forehead, and my cheekbones. I trace the outline on my triangular face, pointy nose, cleft chin, two almond-shaped eye sockets, forehead and my two apple cheek bones. No cuts, bruises, or broken bones. I sigh with relief.
I feel the engines shift down into pacing speed turning to face the panel. Pbot lowers the panel. I view different terrain which piques my curiosity. I execute…naw…stop.
I need to reserve the rest of my Tele talents for the last round of Sudden Death.
I study the landscape with lush forestland and tall mountain peaks through the front windshield.
Pbot lands on top of a flat hard surface sounding with a loud thump. I sit back and close my two eyelashes performing a healing touch using my telemetabolics. I erase all the visual reddish-pink skin cuts and bluish-black body bruises from both my arms and legs now looking pretty and healthy but feeling not. I sigh with stress.
Rita is a Tele healer with the talent of telemetabolics. She might not know her talent but heals her body during body pain and after each body trauma.

On the 12th hour of early afternoon, at a mountain peak location on top of a cliff surface setting, with cool temperatures with bright sunrays, Pbot exits the seat and then opens the rear hatch door.  I slide across the smooth leather and dump on top of a hard rock-coated surface gasping in worry, slowly standing upright seeing a smooth gray-tinted limestone naked rock without patches of green grass or yellow weeds. “Where am I?” I carefully strut ahead with puzzlement clicking my boot heels on top of the hard stone and shuffle away from the parked carrier ship.
“You are standing on the Bay of Commerce,” Pbot hovers and hums by the open door flying ahead, posing beside Starra.
“A bay is…”
“…an area formation, where a region of soft soil comes between two regions of hard land forms on a coastline. The soft soil of sands and clay erode faster than the hard rock formations, such as, chalk, limestone, and granite, leaving an indented bay. Wave refraction disperses wave energy through the bay which protects this area from all ocean thunder storms. This effect means the waves reach the shoreline in a bay, which are usually constructive waves forming and creating a watery beach.”
“Thanks for the geographical lesson,” I cautiously walk ahead towards the edge on the limestone rock. A pale blue tinted bay of fresh water with a golden tinted sandy beach is surrounded by two sides of gray tinted rocky landscape of tall wall. The overhang rock formation ends where I stand feeling both scary and deadly. The beach shoreline lies 252 feet down below my boot toes gliding a flesh and human body down into a final death act. “Cliff is…”
“…a significant vertical or near vertical rock exposure common on coasts in mountainous areas, escarpments, and along rivers. They are formed by rocks, most likely composed of sandstone, limestone, chalk, and dolomite, which are resistant to erosion and weathering. Many cliffs also feature falling waterfalls, hidden rock shelters, and sometime a long hangover that peters out at the end of the ridge.”
“Thanks!” I moan with more fear. I don’t see a hidden deep rock shelter or a beautiful waterfall hiding my person, only a flat, table ridge extending as an overhanging of hard rock made of gray limestone for dying. I sigh with danger.
I stand in loose dirt barely scattered with tiny patches of green grass and look behind my collar bone. The table ridge leads backwards into a wooded forest of beautiful and harmony. I sigh with doom.
“This property is owned by the Crown,” Pbot hovers beside her body and hums into her eardrum.
“Yeah,” I return back and slowly ease my face over the edge of the overhang into empty air waves. I suddenly feel dizzy with death. “What is the vertical drop measurement, Pbot?” I confirm what I see physically with my two natural eyeballs.
Pbot states, “This cliff is a precise measure of 252 feet and four inches at the highest point on top of the ridge that drops down into a wide beach with yellow tinted sand grains. The cliff extends a mathematic measurement of five feet and six inches over the single hangover corresponding to a geometric angle of sixty degrees.”
Sometimes, a robot just gives away too much data. I sigh with danger.
“Thanks!” I moan with extreme fear. I can’t survive alive and breathing with many broken bones from a long, intense body fall, even with my mighty Tele powers. I sigh with doom.

I mentally flash backwards, into a third alien time line, when I survived a short fall from a tower window while cradling my man Rann from harm.

I mentally flash back present within the eighth alien timeline, I feel the objects then hear the words.
“Incoming,” Pbot drones.
I jerk back my face to the sky of pale blue then slowly back step from the edge of nothingness, spinning around, staring into the pale blue skyline. Two carrier ships fly towards the cliff surface toting Rita and Dirk. No other space craft runs as escort. Dirk does not want another eye witness when he zaps me dead using his death ray. I laugh with humor.
Each ship lands at the same time. Each Pbot slides off and opens the rear door at the same time also. I sigh with repeat.
Dirk steps out first and stands in place scanning the new landscape, wearing a smile. Pbot releases the door then fly-ass-backwards, opening the rear door, leaning inside. The robot reaches inside and pulls out a long, purple tinted wooden coffin…naw…box of weapons. I do not need my Tele powers for that future dead view. I sign with death.
Pbot performs, as programmed, an ass-backwards flight moving away from the parked carrier.
Rita emerges from the bench seat of her carrier ship and has changed her ugly, dirty gala gown into a neatly pressed and nicely ironed red-tinted, one-piece jumpsuit covering her swan throat down to her two skinny ankle bone. She wears a cozy pair of running athletic shoes on her two feet. The jumpsuit secretly houses but visually displays patches of additional thick cloth armor padding on her two legs, two thighs, two breasts, and two arms. She looks fit and healthy, ya’ll! Rita has accessed her Tele talent of telemetabolics while healing her person, without even knowing it. I sigh with pain.
Rita is ready for a pain…naw…fight to the death.
Several Nbots exit her carrier ship probably interviewing her face and her opinion about the upcoming death fight.
Dirk steps ahead still smiling at the new scenery, where he will get to legally kill Starra in a cold blood death act, on purpose, in front of the citizens. I sigh with death.
Pbot is busy setting up a purple tinted cloth tent for Emperor Dirk displaying a single tiny throne chair and a side long table filled with food refreshments, consisting of two glasses and an empty glass pitcher on top of a silver tray. Sbot fills the pitcher with water.
I suddenly thirst wanting a cool tall glass of cold water staring at the pitcher of water. I feel dry and stiff wearing my dirty outfit with scattered sticky dried leaves sticking on my fanny. My pair of thigh-high leather boots are scuffed and dry but usable.
Dirk stops then stands in the middle of the covered tent space out of the wind and sunrays. The tent is nicely draped in three purple tinted bathroom shower curtains, too boot. I sigh with amusement.
Pbot receives electronic signals from the lead robot and leans over saying into Starra’s eardrum, “Your royal noblette presence is requested by Emperor Dirk.”
“Yeah, of course, not!” I giggle and shuffle ahead while continuing to study the new scenery. A tea table flat ridge is filled with tiny bits of loose dry gray tinted dirt and four green sprouts of grass, a wide and long cloth tent, three Pbots, five Nbots, Dirk, and Rita. This is the worsest possible and impossible situation for me here on a Commerce hill…naw…a mountain peak. I sigh with death.
All the robots hover and surround Dirk for his body protection, since he knows, who is he messing or missing with. When I get loose and fancy freedom, I will kill Dirk using my two bare hands, before I eliminate Rita in front of all the citizens of the universe with all the Nbots video recording the nasty, bloody action. I sigh with death.
I stop on side wall of cloth in front of a row of robots and sneer at the shiny trash cans. I sign with damage.
“Ladies, this is the last round of Sudden Death,” Dirk smirks to Starra.
Rita is shocked and gasps at Dirk then sneers at Starra, “Good.”
“The miles of green, lush woodland forest are off limits that lies behind my back spine. The weapons are located to your right. The starships are off limits on your left. The cliff surface filled with an open sky is located behind your back spine.” Dirk smiles. “Nbot,” he yells.
“We are all recording the upcoming action between the two noblettes, Emperor Dirk.” The lead Nbot hums.
“As you can see, no citizens are allowed here on the new playing field. I don’t want any injuries to the innocent.” He laughs with a wide smile.
I want to really injury the guilty, Dirk.
“Begin the last round,” Dirk whispers.
I do not swing away from Dirk but slowly walk backwards studying his lavender bathroom robes. Dirk also back steps then sits down crossing his leg over his other kneecap holding out his empty hand. Pbot pours a glass of cold water then hands the glass tumbler. I sigh with thirst.
Within my peripheral vision, Rita reaches her box of weapons first. I spin away from Dirk and race to my coffin…naw…box seeing a shiny sharp sword inside a floor of yellow hay clippings.
Nice choice, Dick!
I slowly lift the weapon of mass destruction, or in this case, a messy destruction with both of my cupped hands. The sword is heavy. The hilt glitters in gold minerals and shaped with a semi-round mount fitting my smaller hand. Dirk had all my body measurements for my gown and my fighting hand. I giggle with amusement.
Rita staggers backwards from the box and Starra swinging the blade side to side, up, down, and diagonally testing the weight, fit, and balance of the instrument.
Yeah, I don’t bother to copy-cat her slick moves. I need one slice into her gut or her bone skull or her swan throat ending Sudden Death with her death act. I spin around and slowly advance to her holding the sword in my fighting hand near my kneecap.
Rita stumbles backwards without swaying the saber in the air waves at Starra holding it at this waistline.
I quickly lung ahead bending my kneecaps hitting her blade point down towards the rock then reaches out punching my other fist into her mouth. Dark red blood proteins squirts in the air and as her top lip swells twice the size of a tangerine.
Underneath the tent, Dirk claps and smiles at Starra’s performance. I sigh with disgust.
I swing around and sneer at Dirk. I link, connect, and Tele talk to Dirk: You’re next on my death list, Dirk! Don’t act so happy, dude!
Rita blows out her blood balls and gasps in shock charging ahead at her enemy. I stomp forward. She rushes ahead aiming her blade tip at the back spine on Starra.
I spin around and yell for fun, “Stop!”
Rita halts then lowers her weapon in front of her kneecaps appearing in both shock and suspense, staring at Starra. Dirk gasps in shock and stares at Starra also.
I smile at Rita then spin around running towards the tent, stopping in front of the table. I grab the sweaty pitcher and dump the water down into my open mouth drinking swiftly. I gulp the water in three mouthfuls quenching my dry throat. I feel the cool liquid down my esophagus dumping down into my stomach lining. I remove an empty tumbler from my lips and view Dirk. “Thanks!”
Dirk laughs and claps with glee, like a little kid. At least, I’m entertaining as a cool actress. I sigh with fun.
I drop the empty pitcher on top of the table then spin around racing back to my exact spot, racking my soles over the hard rock, presenting a smile to a sour puss Rita. I swiftly attack producing a thrust then a parry then a slash into her body, missing. Both of the blade swords contact metal without harming the flesh. Rita holds a regal pose and sneers at Starra. I sigh with power.
I step back and release the tension from our girly standoff breaking our nasty cross-stitched sword gripe. Rita charges and holds her blade above her messy hair roots. I hold my sword horizontal even with rock surface protecting my rib cage that protects my heart. I execute a Tele pose with my telekinesis standing like a statue. Rita hits Starra’s sword over and over again.
I move backwards from each powerful strike, not quivering from each deadly impact. I can hold my stance and absorb the battle moves for years…naw…hours using my awesome Tele bubble around my petite-ness. One, I am protected, and two, I cheat with my telekinesis slamming back, lifting her sword upwards in the air and above her sweaty forehead. She grunts and groans getting both exhausted and tired. I sigh with strength.
She plows her metal into my metal using all her might with thick body muscles and bad body odor.
Yeah, you stink bad, girlfriend! That new perfume does not do wonders!
I scoot one more step backwards. Rita releases a storm of fury at Starra. I perform a side sweep slicing and then cut, by accident, of course, the wooden pole in half that holds one set of the matching bathroom shower curtains. I laugh. I sigh with delight.
The short pole, the tent material, and that particular severed rope tie gracefully drop on top of Dirk. He still sits in the smaller golden chair clapping at the deadly duo in action.
Rita tosses her sword down on the rock surface creating a lovely musical ting then dashes ahead searching for her beast…naw…man.
Underneath the drapes, Dirk yells for help with a string of muffed and miffed words. I stand and laugh. A semi-crooked row of hovering Nbots record the down twisted drapes and a covered Dirk. The tent material violently jumps up and down like a set of scary ghosts. The three Pbots try to un-tangled the twisted netting, rope ties, and the thick cloth. I continue to stand and roar with laughter like the other invisible citizens, who sit at home and enjoy the comedy hour.
Rita gasps in alarm and tosses down her sword, swiftly dashing ahead to the box of weapon and stops. She pulls out then drags a heavy pike axe over the hard stone creating a line of tiny fire sparks and moves backwards to the fallen purple material as every lip in the universe quivers with humorous laughter. She tosses the pike axe and rips the outer material creating a three-foot opening for her man. Dirk stumbles then slowly crawls on his palms and boot toes out from the fallen drapes that match his lavender bathroom robes.
I stand and fold over at my fitted waistline with loud laughter exhaling with a string of sour breaths, sucking more air molecules while breathing. I sigh with happiness.
Dirk starts to sneer still crawling away from the messy tent covers and over the hard bedrock. Rita gasps in shock and drops down on her kneecaps tenderly wrapping her two lean biceps around his collar bone and then assists him to pretzel out of his robes. Dirk growls at Starra. I giggle with amusement. I sigh with satisfaction.
I’m very happy and pleased with my stellar performance and the nasty visual sneer that is nicely painted on his pale face, which is priceless. Nbots flutter out from the open hole like a swarm of metal butterflies vocally and visually recording the current action. I sigh with revenge.
The row of Pbots work together and quickly fix the mess tucking and swirling curly-Qs from the torn purple tinted material around the upright poles, moving the throne chair towards the front of the curtain and the light wind breeze, in case of another accident by Countess Starra.
Dirk slowly stands and paces ahead of Rita then spins around sitting down on top of the soft padded fabric, exhaling with annoyance. He flips his hand, “Continue your round, noblettes!”
Rita swings around with a grin leaving the battlefield dashing towards the edge of the out limits green wooded forest lands to retreat or hide or escape or laugh with humor at her silly boyfriend.
I stand in stunned silence narrowing eyelashes at her back spine. I sigh with queerness or queenliness.
In front of the row of low-lying plant bushes, Rita squats down on her kneecaps then pulls two handfuls of dead yellow weeds from a small patch of tan-colored sand and tiny green grasslets.
Ah, precious! The manly sword must be too heavy for her tender, soft palms and nicely red-painted manicured hands while wearing her fashionista red tinted leather gloves, matching her red tinted, silky jumpsuit. I sigh with jealousy.
Rita stands from the ground and twirls the loose strings of yellow weeds, green plants and leaves around the blade on her silver tinted sword, spinning around and dashes ahead to one of the Pbots. The robot holds a small torch of fire. O! Rita is going to twirl her sword like a flaming baton. Cool! I wanna do that too with her I sigh with fun-ness.
Pbot extends its metal limb to Rita. She slowly flings the sword towards the fire morphing the vine-covered blade into a vertical flame of red, yellow, and blue fire brilliantly burning with oxygen molecules. Smoke drifts in the air waves.
Rita has created a hot flaming sword. Very ingenious! I view Dirk then frown. “Great! I’m going to burn to death. I have been foiled again. The love birdies have planned this little stunt.” I sigh with deception.
Rita carefully back steps from the hovering robot then slowly swings around using her two-fisted hold on the new flaming sword, dashing ahead towards Starra and screeches in delight.
Yeah, well, I do not comment but quickly back step away from her flaming sword and a laughing Dirk, without a plan of action again. I sigh with fear.
Rita jumps from the hard stone in the air slicing her flaming blade at Starra. I roll my fitted waistline forward and then my body races ahead underneath the flames feeling the heat above my dirty hair roots. Rita lands on the rock then spins around replaying the unsuccessful swing action, missing Starra, again.
The fiery blade of fire is to, too, tooting close for my sweet comfort. I race ahead then stop spinning around and stare at Rita.
She lands on the hard stone breathing in heavy air molecules, smirking at Starra.
I link, connect, and Tele talk to Rita: End of the match, sweetie!
She frowns from the string of mental words going into her puzzled mind.
I dash ahead with a lady sneer and plow my fist into her exposed abdomen grabbing the hilt and her hand on the sword lifting the sword above her hair roots. The sword and Rita tumble sideways landing on a patch of green grass that catches fire. I quickly back step and then watch the new action. I sigh with delight.
A line of Pbots move quicker than a blinking eyelash, before my two eyeballs. Each bot performs that awesome flight ass-backwards towards the refreshment table then halts, reaching down, grabbing a silver tinted tin pail of cold drinking water and then retracts its metal limb near its cylinder-shaped belly. Each one soars forward then halts hovering in the air waves and surrounding Rita, the sword, and the running fire. Each bot douses the running fire of red and yellow flames. The fire is gone. The flaming sword is gone, and Rita is gone.
Just kidding!
Rita sits in a puddle of wet dirt and water dripping droplets from her wet hair roots down to her two sneakers, sneering in annoyance. I sigh with aid.
“Good bot!” I laugh in hysteria and whisper for my eardrums only. The circle of Pbots flies that ass-backwards motion again while rattling a pail returning back to its original pose guarding Dirk. I sigh with hilariousness.
Rita slowly stands and shakes her wet body tossing off the bigger water droplets on top of the rock wearing a distorted face and hugs her body.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
Naw! I gasp in alarm. She is fumbling around each hidden pocket on her wet jumpsuit, not hugging her wet body but whips out a golden tinted, shiny dagger in her cupped hand, sneering at Starra. I sigh with doom
Another illegal weapon!
I mentally and swiftly sort through the though the Empress-in-Waiting rules that are very simple and clear: A weapon is provided by the Crown in order to kill your opponent from the available weapon’s boat or tree or table. I sigh with cheating.
She flips the dagger in the air then catches the weapon in her left cupped hand. Awe! Rita is a lefty. She whips her left fighting cupped hand up, down, and sideways in the air while slowly advancing in her comfortable but wet pair of sneakers making lots of squeaky sounds on top of the hard rock towards Starra.
“Here, we go, again!” I giggle with a grin at her squeaky footsteps coming in my direction but continue to calmly stand then view Dirk. He continues to sit and watch while clapping at the two fighting noblettes. I sigh with death.
I roll my eyeballs and roll up my sleeves on the dirty turtleneck shirt staring with a lady sneer at Rita, slowly marching ahead into the upcoming catfight, executing a Tele walk a few inches from the hard ground in the air waves as I am shorter in body frame than a taller Rita. I halt in the air waves and reach out performing a Tele grab on her left wrist bone and execute a Tele stop on her body and her dagger before it slashes my freckles into a set of bloody ribbons.
Rita hisses then mouth spits her tongue saliva into Starra’s freckles. Yucko!
I continue to hold her left wrist bone in the air with her wiggling dagger dangling too close into my face then gently execute a Tele punch into her exposed stomach muscles. Rita seriously needs to learn some more defensive boxing moves against Starra…naw…opponent. She bows at her fitted waistline like a poor peasant to Princess Starra. I sigh with royalty.
I torment for my fun and yell at the noblette, “Good move! But you still don’t get the grand prize!” I reach over with my free hand and jerk the dagger from her wiggling finger pads as this event is technically called Sudden Death. I sigh with memory.
Hey! I’m not going to die within the new alien timeline. Instead Rann and I are getting along great. And I plan to keep that momentum going on and on and on and on.
Then I reach down and ever-so-carefully slice the fabric on her jumpsuit then scratch her pale tinted naked skin, cutting a small slash into her ninth rib cage, without harming her body or killing her spirit.
Come on, ya’ll! This is a fake battle between two noblettes for Dirk’s sick fun. I am not going to kill the woman for entertainment, only revenge, my way. I sigh with gentleness.
Dirk loves her first, not me. He’ll save her first and then do harm to me second for harming her first. Yeah, that makes perfect sense to me. I sigh with humor.
On a wobbling Rita, a flood of red tinted blood proteins spurts out from her cut skin soaking her clothes, creating a dark maroon tinted spot on her dirty jumpsuit. Rita screams in pain as that tiny slash hurts like hell on her tender healthy skin tissues. She stumbles backwards covering a minor flesh wound with both of her hands. Rita swings around and says with a painful face to Dirk whining. “Kill her, Dirk!” I sigh with impression.
Rita bleeds over the grass, the rock surface and both of her hands feeling exhaustion but still has enough vocal energy to command the words at Dirk: Kill me!
The true plot has been revealed as I am the true target. I slowly scoot away from the dangerous duo slowly backwards towards the edge of a 252 feet high limestone cliff. Dirk is going to shoot me right off a naked cliff, in front of no eye witnesses, because I bet the recording mechanics on each Nbot are all mal-functioning. I sigh with termination.
My Tele senses ping. Everything is fine.
I don’t think so. Dirk is still sitting and staring at Starra while chuckling and smiling. A maser rifle leans its stock butt against his throne chair.
Dirk slowly stands, lifts, and then flings the smooth barrel on a maser rifle into both of his open palms. He actually knows how to fire a maser rifle. I sigh with doubly impression.
He usually employs a stupid, highly paid pawn to do all his dirty wet work for him as benefiting the Emperor’s position as opposed to watching my guy Rann in a fighting action sequence. I sigh with deception.
I continue to slowly stroll backwards to the cliff edge and eagerly watch Dirk. I sigh with worry.
He casually strolls ahead towards Starra. Rita painfully limps ahead leaking a line of blood proteins on top of the hard stone slightly behind his trailing silk robes as she continues to bow at her fitted waistline presenting her blonde tinted hair roots to Starra.
My Tele sense pings. Everything is fine.
I ignore my Tele senses as my internal emotions are too emotional, because the final conclusion of the match is a death act for me. I sigh with instant death.
Rita is hurt and bleeding in a red tinted line over the hard rock surface and down her jumpsuit.
Dirk loves Rita. He wants to marry her since the first alien timeline. He stops and stands a few feet from Starra.

Two hours later, on the 14th hour of the late afternoon, I stand with my two boot heels sliding off the flat edge on a high cliff peak facing Dirk and the cold barrel on his maser rifle. Well, this is it. The end of the line ends with me getting killed, falling off the rock. Once I am dead, the landing will not hurt my nerve endings so much. I sigh with death.
My Tele sense ping. Everything is fine.
Rita stops ten feet away from Dirk and Starra then slumps her upper torso even with the rock surface, softly growling. “Pbot!” Dirk does not react. Pbots and Nbots silently hover in place as a semi-crooked circle behind Rita’s body. She wheezes, “Dirk!”
“The rule is very simple. The most injured of the two Empress-in-training candidates dies.” Dirk smiles at Starra. I sigh with intrigue.
If Dirk follows that nasty empress rule, that means. I scream and view Rita, “Dirk!”
Rita uprights her torso and shouts at the back spine on Dirk, “Pbot!”
Dirk spins around on one boot heel and smirks at Rita. “I am so sorry, Viscountess. You are the most injured party among the noblettes.” He presses the trigger button on the maser rifle and aims at Rita then fires out a blue tinted burning ray into her chest cavity that travels right into a heart organ. I sigh with death.
The impacting ray blast spins her body around into a half-circle as she staggers forward away from Dirk and tumbles ahead towards the cliff edge. She hugs both of her bloody arms around her bleeding chest then stops slowly tilting her tallness two feet over from the flat edge. I sigh with curiosity.
Dirk stomps ahead shouldering the weapon on his collar bone then flings out his hand shoving Rita forward int nothingness. I sigh with death.
Rita falls off the edge and screams in horror, “Ahhh...…”
I quickly spin around and view the blur of a dull red dot along the solid gray wall. Her dead body quickly descents 252 feet and four inches from the cliff edge landing down on top of the seashore.
She dies. She is dead. She is not alive but dead. I sigh with deep confusion.
I spin around and view Dirk. He drops the rifle and advances to Starra wearing a smile. “Congratulations, Starra! You won, my dear. You’ll make an excellent Empress of the Universe. Let’s not any waste time with ceremonies and platitudes, Empress. We’ll get hitched right now.” He grabs her forearm and jerks the sword from her hand dropping it on the ground, spinning around, dragging Starra to his carrier ship. I sigh with shock.
I’m stunned, numb, and getting married to Dirk moving slightly behind his robes. “I don’t wanna marry you!”
“That makes two of us,” he laughs.
I exhale with confusion. “Where are we going, Emperor?”
He laughs again, “Come now, Starra! I thought you were smarter than that. I suggest using your skills, talents, special powers. O wait! Are your Tele powers, that ya call them, not working, right now?”
“We are taking an outer space ride in your modified carrier ship to the wormhole above Bonita.”
“Yes, you are correct again. Your Tele powers give you away, sweetie. No other citizen within the universe possesses four Tele talents, not even me,” he squeaks her forearm pulling Starra towards the ship.
I can’t fight with him. Okay! I can fight him, but I’m really tired and tried from the Empress challenge, this morning and afternoon, ya’ll. I really need food and rest for 20 hours. I sigh with exhaustion.
I exhale with annoyance. “How did you know?”
Dirk doesn’t stop his forward motion using his telekinesis talent holding onto Starra. Conveniently, the passenger door is open. Then he tosses Starra into the leather seat leaving the door open. He struts around the rear bumper on the ship. I sigh with doom.
Dirk halts and then folds his robes siding into the pilot’s seat as he can fly and fight and frustrate Starra all at the same time. He cranks the cold engine and nods several times watching the windshield, “Of course, I know. I have known from the beginning, Starra Starbelt. My universe was once whole and undamaged and unchanged, until the arrival of a foreign catalyst in the format of an alien…”
“…as told by the Book. Who wrote that red tinted Book?” I turn and ask with intrigue.
He spits on the steering column in both disgust and anger allowing the engine to warm before the launch. “I know that and more.” He slowly lifts the rock surface then tilts the ship soaring into the sunlight hitting the dark outer space waves towards Planet Bonita. I sigh with repeat.
“So, let me take a wild guess here and there and everywhere. You’re to toss me a going away party for becoming your empress.” I laugh with disappointment. I sigh with killing time.
He laughs, “Very good, Empress!”
“You sacrificed poor Rita to get me as your pretend empress wife, so you can kill me for the hundredth…millionth…billionth...” I exhale then frown with confusion. “How long have you been tossing my a...?”
“As I have planned brilliantly this and that, like always, Rita will return back to me! Don’t worry about it, sweetie!” He smiles.
“Don’t bet on it, bubba! Based on my systemic analysis of each newly created timeline, they don’t come back to life foreverly here within your universe, Dick.” I nod.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
A set of sticky straps in thick brown tinted leather burst out then whip around Starra securing her into the seat on the carrier ship foreverly to await a horrible fate. I sigh with death.
“O! These things are compliments of Viscountess Rita.” He approaches the wormhole.
“Rann, he’s coming for me,” I smile. I sigh with victory.
“Rann! Rann!” He gasps in shock and checks each window pane.
“Yes…” I hiss than laugh. I sigh with true love.
Rann has been monitoring the empress fight without the use of Nbots. Each Nbot has been presenting a pretend empress fight, at a pretend location. However, Rann knows my location by using his fists first with the royal guards and then his neurons next using his hidden Tele talent of telepathy on Starra, not Dirk. Rann is flying inside his modified zipper ship right now coming to the rescue of Starra. I sigh with true love.
Our star paths continue to cross within each alien timeline, on purpose or accident. Rann does not exactly know his interest and intrigue with Starra but accepts his generous loving heart over his logic mind. I sigh with true love.

16th hour (early evening)
Cold, black outer space minus 1000 degrees
Wormhole location

Let me explain the space and time thing here. When you travel inside an outer space starship that does not travel faster than beaming light rays, time does not stand still. Time moves ahead or behind based on the location of the sunrays and the outer space’s distance of the planet from the solar sun. So, the time change has advanced to darkness over Planet Bonita, but light is still hovering over Planet Commerce.
Now, I am strapped into a leather seat flying through the outer space waves towards a colorful wormhole looking down at the sleeping beasts and dark soil on Planet Bonita. I sigh with tranquility.
Dirk continues to smile at the wormhole and stirs the ship. “As I explained before, in a previous timeline, you are the reason for multiple changes within the original universe format. You have to be returned back into your own galaxy, in order, for my universe to resume a normal space and time continuum.”
“You are ruler of the citizens. You control the universe format. Why in the universe do you bother to kill or eliminate or terminate or get rid of my person, Dirk? I haven’t done anything to you or your citizens. I tried to be your little friend. I saved you from that exploding ram ship.” I nod with a smile.
“O, please!” He laughs.
I gasp in shock then frown, “So, the exploding ram ship was a trap for me, but I did pretend to like your person, even though I really hate your nasty guts.” I do not bother to struggle with the sticky straps over my body as I feel pain, exhaustion, and disappointment. I sigh with doom.
“Flattery will get you nowhere, but back into the wormhole.” He laughs.
“I don’t understand. Why must I die?” This alien timeline is going great for Rann and me.
“After you anticipated return back into your home galaxy, living both safe and sound on your home planet, I will be able to kill Rann. He cannot be conquered with you hanging around and protecting him, can he? You make my mission too tough.” He sneers.
I nod. “So, I’m right, again. You have been trying to kill Rann, since the first Starra-created timeline. May I ask why you want Rann terminated, within your universe? I’m going to back to my home galaxy, so your shared information can’t harm Rann or help me.” There is more information that Dirk has not bothered to explain. However, I disobeyed Rosa’s instructions and didn’t do my homework assignment within the first alien timeline reading that Book, which contained the secrets of the unknown universe.
He nods with a smile. “All right! When you entered our universe, as the catalyst, you changed one citizen in this universe. That citizen was me! I am able to see who you really are. You are an alien. Being the brightest Tele student among Lady Rosa’s non-classroom students, I possess Tele powers too. So, I remember all the events, the incidents, and the accidents from all the previous timelines. And I remember you, alien. If you haven’t figured it out, no other citizen recalls your girly fashion trends in our shared past history, alien. You’re endowed with the catalyst charm; I’m endured with the catalyst curse.” He sneers, “That catalyst curse allows me to float back and forth within each newly created timeline that is attached to my universe. But, you, however, remain fixed in time, riding the timeline like a Resort ocean wave towards the seashore.”
I nod with thought, “I must admit. That’s an interesting quantum theory, Dirk. How did you figure this out?”
“That red tinted Book, the one Lady Rosa gave to you within the first timeline. You never follow instructions, do you earthling Starra Starbelt? The answers are within the pages of the Book sequenced like a funny riddle.”
Geez! I exhale in both anger and disappointment then turn staring down at the dirty floor. I would have figured out the way back home to Planet Earth, within the first alien timeline, solving my problem with peace, not a maser. But I’ve been trying to kill Dirk, like a foolish teenager. Geez! I am a foolish teenager at seventeen years old. I sigh with innocence.
Dirk is the catalyst curse and I am the catalyst charm. Good citizen. Bad citizen. Angel. Devil. Right. Wrong. Bright. Dull. Night. Day. Black. White. One. Zero. Stop. Go. So, this is a classic fist fight theme of good versus evil. I sigh with confusion.
I must die and he must live. That statement does not compute within my logic brain cells.


I mentally flash backwards, into the third alien timeline, Dirk told the fable of the catalyst. “The universe of people, places, palaces, and pets lives in peaceful harmony with a handful of trustful, talented Tele warriors that defenses against evil. Then one day, an evil catalyst arrives within the peaceful universe creating chaos. However, one of the Tele warriors will dispatch the evil catalyst maintaining the harmony again.”

Then I mentally flash backwards, into the first alien timeline, when I was standing behind the bars inside my jail cell and Rann said, “You are the catalyst.” The next day, when I was hanging by my neck muscles on the rope within the gallows and Rita sneered, “Prepare to die, alien!”

Then I mentally flash backwards, into the second alien timeline, King Rex said to me, “You are the catalyst. You are here to protect me.”

Then I mentally flash backwards, into the sixth alien timeline, Dirk said to me, “The catalyst is something or someone, in this case, that perturbs and disturbs all of the natural events within my universe.”

Then I mentally flash backwards, into the third alien timeline, again, Dirk said to me, “You are the unpredicted flexible variable in the galaxy. I watch.”


My neurons click with active thoughts. I did arrive and caused chaos within the new universe while making Dirk’s life force living in fire hell. I did not protect and then save King Rex. He died in the second alien timeline and left the space/time continuum.
I did create a new timeline while acting and looking like a normal citizen.
Based on the information exchange from the previous seven timelines, Rita knows my secret. Rann knows my secret. Rex knew my secret. Rosa knew my secret. Dirk knows my secret. And only Rita and Dirk are two nasty nobles trying to kill…naw…kick my ass from the universe.
Back into the traveling starship, Dirk continues to steer and stare at the wormhole, “Starra! Starra! Are the leather binders to tight on your body?” He laughs. “Did I cut off your respiratory system? Are you dead, Starra? Are you alive and breathing? I will miss your Earth human, sweetie.”
I continue to sit and stare down at the floor. I cannot consult with my answer using my Tele talents as I am too attached, emotional, furious at my number one enemy. I sneer at Dirk. “Hold the freaking comfone! You told the truth. I didn’t understand your vocal statement, until right now. I am the variable. You are fixed. The Book mentions a catalyst and an Observer. The observer is a recorder of the future changing events, which are also detailed in that ancient Book. That Observer is you.” I sneer with anger. I sigh with knowledge.
He smiles with a slight nod and continues to steer towards the wormhole. “You do read some of your homework assignments but not thoroughly enough. You’re correct. I’m the Observer.” Dirk softly chuckles.
“The universe selected you as the Observer based on your brilliant and awesome Tele powers. You are the bestest student in the tele-metaphysics field here within the universe. Rosa was training you to replace her as the newest Observer.” I sigh with solution.
He nods. “I’m impressed. You might not follow the directions, but you do listen. You have a very good intellect on your shoulders, alien. I suggest using it to get yourself safely home to Planet Earth, after I toss your body back into the wormhole. Where you really belong?”
I frown. “I completely disagree.”
He slaps his chest then grabs the steering column on a traveling starship, “I am the Tele Master that lives, thrives, and belongs here within my universe and within the original space continuum too. You…you have intervened way too much and way too often within my universe upsetting a delicate balance of the planets, peoples, pets, and me.” He chuckles.
I gasp in shock, “You mean, I have intervened way too much and way too often with your evil plot. Rosa said you are a greedy, ambitious, and vain noble. You wanted to grab and play the role of Emperor of the Universe long before I showed up here. I did not create you. Your personality flaws existed, long before I had crash-landed on Planet Bonita in my space ship.” I sigh with rightness.
“Your telepathy talent is remarkable, Starra. I’m very impressed with your hidden but exposed Tele powers. Too bad, you can’t stay and use them for a better humanity, within the present universe. Alas! I don’t want you to be late for your next fun party appointment on your planet Earth, within your galaxy, the Milky Way Galaxy.”
I shake my curls. “Before my exit from the ship, how does Rann fit into your theory, your universe, your plot?”
Dirk slightly stiffens his hands on the steering column. I have hit a slight nerve. His slicing and dicing the alien theories fit nicely and neatly into his universe, not the true universe. He believes in his success as Starra continues to bite and bait Dirk giving out more shared data. I have not read any other pages within the Book and impatiently wait for Rann’s princely rescue. I sigh with deception.
Rann has a major role within the current universe as he continues to prove his ruler power using his hidden Tele powers, way too much and too many times, without really knowing what he is doing for his person, his girl Starra, his citizens against both Dirk and Rita. Rann lives after each attempted murder kill-incident from both Rita and Dirk.
Dirk is the known element. Rann is the mysterious variable. I am the fixed connection. I sigh with knowledge.
“Yes…” I sneer at his nose profile. I must find a Book creating more time for me and Rann. I sigh with urgency.
Dirk knows something else about Rann, but he isn’t going to divulge that information to Starra either. If I can keep him talking and off guard, Rann can come here and rescue me. Rann is coming. I can feel this presence becoming closer. I sigh with true love.
I grin. “You are creatively hypnotizing your working theory on past data that I will survive inside a heated wormhole. I have died before, Dirk. I have died several times as a matter of fact. I always return like an itchy rash,” I laugh. I sigh with life.
He sneers. “I have compensated for my error in the previous seven timelines. I have had seven times before to think and ponder a right solution to a wrong problem. My new carrier ship will travel fasting then hyper-space, actually soaring at hype-quantum speed.”
I gasp in shock, “Impossible!”
“You might burn off a limb or two, but you’ll survive, alien. And your intergalactic survival will finally change the universe back to its original state of balance.” He laughs.
“Your universe back to the original state of balance!”
“That too!” Dirk laughs again.
“I’m trying to understand the logic in your working theory. You can’t kill me here within your universe, because I have created a new alien timeline with both you and me reliving our dual night mares. If you send me back into the fiery wormhole, without proper protection, and I don’t make it, then I come back and create another new alien timeline with both you and me to relive another dual night mare. But, if I arrive within the Milky Way Galaxy in an alive human ugly format while breathing a little bit of oxygen, then your universe reverts back to the beginning of the ancient universe, with only you in it.” I laugh.
He sneers. “All alright! I’ll give you a little help here, Starra. When you arrive back into the Milky Way Galaxy, either alive or dead, I really don’t care. My universe will become whole again including all your old alive and dead playmates, such like, Prince Rann, Baron Bartholomew, Ambassador Ty, Marquis Tok, and my alive and dead old allies King Rex, Lady Rosa, Priest Dov, Baronetess Ivy, and my dear sweetie Queen Rita.” I sigh with shock.
I shake my curls. “Are you stating that all the dead and gone nobles and noblettes will become alive and stay well for many day, years, decades and centuries here within your universe?”
“Just like old times, sweetie! But you won’t be here to see or celebrate with the true natives, alien.” He laughs.
“Now, I understand. You murdered Baron Bartholomew, when he was new king. It was his true destiny over your vile personality, who was the next ruler of the universe.” I sigh with knowledge.
“Wrong theory, sweetie! Actually, you murdered Bartholomew inside his ram ship. I was aiming my guns at you, Starra. When you unexpectedly jumped out of a hovering starship, which I found mighty impressive by the way, the maneuver saved both Rann and yourself. Then the space and time pathway shifted instantly. You caused the directional shift into a new alien time line.”
I nod with thought, “So, Prince Rann is next ruler in line for the emperor throne, not you. His destiny become the emperor, not you.” I growl. I sigh with truth.
Dirk nods with a grin, “Smart girl! You finally get it right at the end of your time or should I say your timeline.” He laughs then halts the ship a few thousand miles in front of yellow, red, and blue colorful fiery wormhole.
I feel the heat through the glass, metal and leather fabric surrounding my body frame. I sigh with hotness.
“I’ll be back, Dick!” I sneer with fury then struggle within the sticky paper that partially covers both of my hands, fingers, legs, and my boot toes feeling exhaustion. I sigh with hatred.
He turns and nods with a grin to Starra, “Goodbye, earthling Starra Starbelt! This lovely chat and short outer space adventure have been fun, thrilling, and exasperating for me. I’ll definitely enjoy my rest and my long-term kingly reign,” Dirk laughs.
I am not the true target here. Rann is. Dirk has planned to murder Rann next. I must escape, survive, and save Rann. Else, Rann will not return into a continued alien timeline, like a dead and gone Bartholomew. I sigh with suspense.
Piloting at 800-miles-per-hour inside a starship cockpit requires tons of mind concentration and sharp eyeball focus. Else, something might happen to go wrong. Pace traveling is a very dangerous thing too. I sigh with deceit.
His finger pads press into the steering column and slam rows of buttons pushing up and down level switches. Two ejection buttons stand vertically and appear as an oversized red tinted, square-shaped button in the middle of the console as his hand dances around the object, but the object is located on my left side within reach of my short arm spam. Dirk plans to eject Starra into the wormhole with the slick cool metal armor built into her captain’s chair within the carrier ship, compliments of a dead Rita. I sigh with truth.
The lower red button triggers Starra’s ejection seat while the upper red button does the opposite action. I’m a Tele, not a scientist.
Space star ships are equipped with a fast removal device, in case, of collision with other objects like the Wall, metal ships, rotating planets, hot sizzling suns, and other fixed planet structures.
Dirk hovers his fingers over the other buttons and sometimes accidentally caresses the upper red tinted ejection button. I sigh with victory.
I continue to sit and struggle within the bands of sticky straps executing a Tele touch with my telekinesis swiftly creating a wind shear breeze against the bow on the carrier. His hand slightly tilts to the left and then upwards, instead of to the right and downwards. Dirk quickly presses his ejection chair button, not paying close attention to his hand movements. The floor section slides open chilling the cockpit air current while Dirk continues to study the wormhole rings as the console instruments monitor the external and interior metal for hot heat and air pressure points. Therefore, his active mind is occupied using his stupid brain cells. I sigh with victory.
Then Dirk and his pilot is embraced within an invisible force field.
I can see tiny sparks of pinkish-silver sparks that form within the protection physical force field looking all cute and pretty. Dirk sees it too but feels stunned puzzlement within his thick brain cells. Then Dirk and his pilot chair swiftly lower down from the cockpit floor, without a scream, quickly dropping through an opening within the belly section on the carrier ship, sucking him into the outer space waves directly in front of the wormhole. The floor belly slams shut, compliments of a dead Rita.
I live inside the warm carrier ship. Dirks lives protectively surrounded by a metal armor around a pilot’s ejection seat. I am going to tattle on Dirk to Rann. Then Rann will kick Dirk’s butt-hole off Commerce and right back onto Bonita. I will survive and then marry Rann while we live happily ever after within the eighth alien timeline. I sigh with true love.
Pretty long and short plumes in yellow, red, and blue hue swiftly expanse from the ring of fire and then quietly dissipates into a beautiful forming nothingness of invisible shape within outers space waves in front of the carrier ship. His pilot chair has a set of independent controls that glide his ship safely down to Planet Bonita. I sigh with safe.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
I moan. “Of course, it’s not fine for Dirk!” I laugh. “I just need to reach out and touch…” My ship is hit with a red tinted maser wave. My body flings sideways then backwards. I gasp in alarm. “What the…?” I continue to wobble out of control within the sticky leather stripes, not being able to shift my pinky finger with steady control. I sigh with seasickness.
A second maser ray hits the side metal. The ship tilts to the left side. I lean in the same direction and catch a third glowing streak of a red tinted maser wave missing the ship as an unknown assailant assaults my ship. I sigh with trouble.
I gasp in alarm and sit sideways. “No! No! No!” I sigh with doom.
My man Rann has arrived here and flies his modified zipper ship in front of the wormhole thinking the ship is piloted by Dirk.
“Stop it, Rann!” I shout out loud for my eardrums only. My body is still trapped by leather straps. I search the console for the comfone button. I can’t use the ejection button. I will eject from the carrier cockpit and fly directly into the mouth of the fiery wormhole without protection and then die. My bad! Dirk didn’t have time to explain the instructions for activating the body armor around my chair and my person to safely ride through the wormhole. I sigh with annoyance.
I can’t link into Rann’s mind. Yeah, I feel too emotional for telepathy tap, but my brain cells continue to swirl to the opposite side of my wobbling body frame inside the sticky chair. My neurons and body frame need to stabilize for my Tele powers to work properly. However, my two eyeballs work perfectly. Dirk has removed the comfone from the console, compliments of a dead Rita too.
Within the outer space waves, pilot Rann releases a fourth deadly wave hitting the rear windshield glass by mistake but with accuracy. He is a recognized former war hero. I sigh with bad luck.
I build a Tele shield using my telekinesis for my body protection anticipating the next hard impact ray. A fifth maser ray flies from his ship and then destroys one of two operational engines making a loud crack. The ship is twirling sideways out of control in a free fall as I am trapped inside a nicely cinnamon-smelling passenger chair.
I am too tired from fighting with Rita and too dizzy inside a twirling, burning carrier ship. The ship swiftly soars ahead towards the gravitation pull of the wormhole then slams into the edge of ring of fire. All the glass windows crack and the flight wings start dropping off the metal. Hot metal moans and sizzling gears sing in a musical tone within my eardrums. My ship descends into a soaring speed of deceleration. Frying heat waves bombard my freckles and as my body is still trapping inside a disintegrating burning coffin with layers of 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit searing plumes of hotness. The heat melts all the metal on the buttons, the dials, and the gadgets cracking my Tele shield.
I feel hot, sweaty, deaf, and blind. I can’t see, hear or breathe. Then I pass out into darkness.

I sit, numbingly, in my assigned seat, and blind, purposefully, with my two gray-tinted eyelashes shut. I do not move or think or pray but I am alive and thankful for my survival of a crashing Earth space shuttle ship.
I un-belt the seat restraints then open my eyelashes, popping off the space suit helmet. I leap from the seat with a smile and spin around gasping in shock. I see half of a pilot’s chair. But I’m fully intact along with my long hair roots. I twirl around and lean my freckles down into the functional console instrument panel studying a rough landscape terrain on the new planet.
I see mountains on the left side and a series of healthy tall shade trees in lovely green leaves, low-lying rows of green plant and fruit bushes, and healthy grass and flower foliage on my right side. A dry crooked narrow vehicle path lies in the middle of the two natural landscapes.
My Tele senses ping. Everything is fine.
I back step with a smile from the console panel then spin around leaping off the broken cockpit platform, flying in the air, landing on a plot of thick green tinted grass blades, in silence. I face a hidden object in the far distance and whisper into my eardrums, “A structure that’s thirteen miles northeast of my standing position.”
I feel the burning rays of sunshine and look up and then lovingly scan the blinking rays of a yellow sun, a pretty pale blue sky without colorful or white clouds. I look down and eye burn the smooth brown tinted soil and blink my moist eye sockets feeling sadness about my Tele mates. I look up and stare into the natural forestland vividly recalling a faint introduction involving a set of new people, places, planets, palaces, and pets. I have traveled both space and time to here before making it nine times.
“I’m back as the alien.” I shake gray bangs into each set of eyelashes and perform a Tele dash using my telekinesis shuffling far away then blow the Earth shuffle into tiny fragments of heated metal bits.

Alien Day 152


Unknown universe. Unknown planet
Unknown warehouse
Yellow sun and blue sky with no clouds at 88ºF
Late afternoon time period


I march up three wooden steps towards an 18-story, tan-colored warehouse, which is empty. I had executed a Tele probe with my telepathy. I halt in front of the closed door and slowly reach out wiggling my fingers with nervousness then sniff the air waves. I sigh with B.O.
I lift and smell my left armpit sniffing the bad body odor. Well, you dash over 13 miles in record-setting time creating tons of sweat and dust on your running body frame, because the operational terrain vehicle is not operational. Now, the vehicle is pieces of scattered metal burning parts on the burnt grass after blowing up the shuttle. I sigh with exhaustion.
I drop my arm down to my leg and reach out for the door knob again touching the gold-plated metal, when sounds of lovely music invade my two eardrums and rays of pretty lights attack my eyeballs as my inner mind views my past alien roles here within the unknown universe.
I am Starra Starbuck measuring five feet and one inch, weighing 95 pounds and one ounce. I possess long, waist-length, silver tinted, wavy hair strands, a triangle face, two gray pupils, a button nose, two apple cheekbones, and a cute cliff chin, and a tone of layer of golden tawny skin. My face is decorated with lots of golden brownish freckles. I am 17 years old and own a farm on Planet Earth.
Then I was drafted by United Earth Government by a government official Peter Martin and became a Tele astronaut.
Next, I stupidly traveled the first intergalactic outer space trip through the Milky Way Galaxy through a wormhole, into a new galaxy and landed on a new planet using all my awesome Tele paranormal talents including telepathy, telekinesis, telemetabolics, and teleclairvoyance.
Now, I am here and have survived alone.
“Stang!” I sing in front of an open door, without remembering the act of opening the door. I smile with delight while remembering my favored word from the previous eight alien timeline, when something or someone really miffs me off. My two nostrils flare open. I touch my nose holes and wear a distorted face. I’m not the only stinky thing outside this empty warehouse. There is something dead inside this warehouse. I sigh with disgust.
Geez! I ain’t cleaning any dead citizen cadavers off the floor or out from the closets either.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
Standing in the archway, the single room is empty and filled with dust bunnies. A side wall of windows shows the lovely landscape. The opposite side displays a small kitchenette, without cooked food or burning pots. I hear a series of low baritone noises coming from the upper rooms on the second floor. The noise must hide a visiting ill-manned guest…naw…native. I’m the un-visited aliens. I hear heavy foot falls on top of each hard step. They have heard me talking to my person. I sigh with not good.
The cool breeze shifts and carries a smelly odor drifting down from the staircase on the side wall. I stand expanding my inflamed nostrils and a pair of swollen ankle flesh inside my cute, fashionable, black-tinted scruffy knee boots, studying the staircase. The gang of natives need a hot bubble bath really badly. I hope the water pipes are working, because I need a hot bubble bath, really bad, too. I sigh with dirty.
A light-colored figure appears and stands on top of the staircase. I squirt my eyelids and whisper for my eardrums only, “What is that?” I sigh with danger.
The citizen is not human. The non-human is a yellow and tan colored jungle lion…naw...a group of older and younger yellow lions that appear hungry for food. I look like a prime juicy fresh meat within the eyeballs from a primitive animal’s mind. I sigh with imminent danger.
Here, they come! I quickly back step from the archway and watch the herd of wild lions slowly climb down each step and growl at my body frame. I roughly pirouette and dash away from the room, the lions, the front porch and the building sliding behind a row of low-lying plant bushes then my elbow hits something soft.
“Ouch!” A tiny voice shouts in pain.
I turn and gasp in shock at a squatting little female child, who crouches on her kneecaps behind the same row of bushes. I lean over and hug her whispering, “Where did you come from?”
“Scared!” She shouts in fear.
I cuddle her closer into my body and then softly whisper, “Shh, quiet!” The gang of wild lion animals loudly roar in an array of baritone musical notes and exits the house slowly padding ahead while sniffing for the next food meal. I sigh with trouble.
“Ship,” she fingers the side of the building.
“What ship?” I follow her finger and view a ship, gasping in alarm, picking up the child and leave our hiding spot. I race ahead to the ship. The pilot door is up and open. I place the child on top of the pilot seat. She reaches around and cuddles the leather back rest like a human mother figure. The machine engine is cold and dead. I perform a Tele lift with my telekinesis slowly lifting the dead ship in the air waves.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
The three afterburners ignite into power for outer space flight. “Stang,” I sneer and slam my entire body down eating the dirt soil missing a wave of heated fire sparks and sizzling air molecules. Someone has activated the cold engines. I sigh with murder.
Safely below the hovering rear end on the zipper, I quickly crawl backwards then slither sideways rolling my entire body away from the operational starship, parking underneath a grove of ancient tall shade trees.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
I slap my face into the dirt again covering both of my arms over my head, closing my two eyelashes. I hope my hair roots don’t burn off my hairy skull. I sigh with mystery.
The ship launches from the air waves and then soars up at a 45-degree angle into the cloudy stratosphere, without a remote-control command from a machine device or my neurons. The zipper hits the outer space waves with the little child inside and flies away from Starra towards Planet Commerce. I sign with helplessness.
I shiver in worry then shake in relief looking up seeing miles of an open blue tinted sky. Once there was a grove of tall shade trees. Now, the overstory leaves and line of bark particles are gone from each tree leaving on a medium-sized stump of burnt bark and a scared alien on top of the ground.
The trees protected my body. “Thank you, trees!” I drop my face down into the dirt gain exhaling with relief and then sniff the odor before hearing the baritone musical notes. I sigh with death.
“I’m dead, wo-man. The lions are trotting closer to me.” I continue to rest on top of the soil while pondering my new plan.
I can stand from the ground and then run around them and enter the warehouse hiding in a wardrobe closet. They will find me using their acute sense of smell and then tear the wooden wardrobe closet doors apart with their sharp claws as I smell of sweat, salt, and fear. I’m not going to live for very long within the new ninth alien timeline. I sigh with doom.
In the blue sky, a red tinted maser wave hits the dirt ten feet from my bone skull traveling backwards towards the lead wild lion male with the beautiful mane of golden hair strands. The light performs a zing move then a zang motion while completely missing the lead mammal, who growls with a set of yellow-stained teeth.
I lift my dirty face scanning the sky, seeing a flying zipper ship. The ship buzzes around the upper white cloud formation flying over Starra heading towards her non-human attackers. Some of younger male and female lion cubs retreat. Some of the older male and female lions stop and view the noisy flying zipper ship. The mature and hungry male and female lions ignore the noise and continue to move ahead towards a grounded and exposed Starra. I sigh with death.
“Good try, buddy!” I moan in disappointment. The king of jungle isn’t giving up his reign as three drooling mammals slowly walk and stalk me. I exhale with trouble rolling into a stance of defensive fighting using one bare hand, a green tinted tree limb from the burnt tree in my other hand, and my invisible but awesome Tele powers. I sigh with death.
I do not use my Tele power for harm on a wild animal. The wild animal only eats, sleeps, and poops for survival.
My Tele powers are working. They sometimes get lost, when I get emotional. I’m really emotional now. I sigh with death.
The three lions charge Starra roaring with in a musical song of low baritone roars so loud that I can’t hear the singing birds in the tall shade trees in the short distance, when a blue light from above the cloud formation slams down into my face, on my freckles and over my upright body. I feel funny, strange, and numb. I sigh with puzzlement.
I stumble forward and land on my kneecaps falling on my face in the dirt again, without a set of outstretched arms. My two eyeballs can’t focus on a lead fuzzy figure in the short distance and as I feel sleepy and tired. I close two gray tinted eyelashes starting to dream peacefully.

Alien Day 153


Planet Commerce
Yellow sunshine and blue sky with no clouds at 81ºF
7th hour (early morning)

Castle property
Bedroom setting


“Good morning, Countess Starra. Welcome to Conference Day.” Hbot, a housekeeping robot painfully pings with a joyous musical tone into her eardrum and stabs its sharp metal tip into her shoulder blade. Hbot hovers in the air waves without bumping into the right side of Starra’s body, watching her sleeping ritual. The robot is the standard model displaying a short, cylinder-shaped body frame in silver hue, a glass belly for word and image communication, and a vertical plate-shaped head with a pair of round-shaped red tinted sensors for a set of human eyeballs and a small slot opening for sound that does not express human facial expressions. Each side hidden seam compartment holds a metal limb with three metal digits for ease of grabbing an object or poking a person.
“Huh! What!” I moan in a fluttering sleepy musical tone and bat a set of sleepy crumbs from both of my eyelashes, not fully seeing the robot. I rest on my stomach muscles and face an array of soft white tinted bed linens smelling the sweet vanilla scent from the clothes laundry detergent. I sigh with confusion.
It drones in a lovely alto timber to Starra. “The noble meeting is today which is the first day of the work week for both a commoner and a noblette.”
“Huh! What?” I groan in a fluttering musical tone flipping onto my back spine, feeling a painful tissue from its purposeful attack. I’ll disassemble the robot later, after my breakfast meal then brushing my teeth, suntanning by the swimming pool and before my afternoon beauty sleep. I wear mouth spittle and less sleepy crumbs feeling the silky fabric on the short night shirt covering my body underneath a warm blanket. I sigh with paradise.
“Prince Rann is picking you up from your castle proper in ten minutes.” It drones.
I open my eyelashes and view the side wall in slightly dirty, white tinted hue shouting in alarm, “What! Why don’t you tell me?” I perform a Tele leap from a horizonal resting pose and then stand upright balancing on top of the messy bed lines, wiping a set of hard-coated sleepy crumbs from both of my eye sockets. Once I can see clearly, I stumble then carefully walk ahead towards the open wardrobe closet. I sigh with excitement.
Let me explain my new home environment, ya’ll.
Two days ago, on Planet Bonita, Rann was the pilot in the flying zipper ship, not Dirk.
Rann flew me back to Planet Commerce and showered his love, currs, and gifts, not Dirk.
Rann reminded all the nobles that I was the current countess and owner of the ancient Ice mansion living here foreverly, not Dirk.
Rann told me that he loved me on the spot without recalling our previous eight alien timelines together. I sighed with true love.
Currently, the ancient Ice mansion is in very sad shape as the first owners died in the first alien timeline. The Ice royal couple of Count Dov and his wife Countess Bea did not have any children, who were responsible for the maintenance of the castle. Within the ninth alien timeline, the external walls, the rooftop tiles, and the ugly lawn are covered in healthy green and dead yellow vines with colorful flowers.
Note: A robot is ordered to do something. The bot does not think within its machine parts to work independent or alone.
The kitchen appliances work and are shiny clean. The ceiling tiles and the internal walls present in slightly dull white tinted paint without tiny chips or green tinted mold stains. The floors are shiny clean, since no furniture pieces occupy the space.
I can explain that situation.
Once Rann and I arrived on Planet Commerce meeting all the nobles again, we went shopping for my noblette wardrobe. When we arrived finally at Ice mansion, we found the furniture missing and the stores were closed. The robots washed and then arranged my wardrobe items inside the empty closets. Then sweet Rann provided bed and bath linens for her bathe and sleeping ritual leaving Starra alone last night. I slept on the floor but dreamed of Rann all night long. I sighed with true love.
Back on top of the bedroom shiny floor, I stop and study the line of beautiful gala gowns in silence. Hbot follows Starra, stops, and drones into her nose profile. “I will repeat. Prince Rann is picking you up in ten minutes.”
I stripe naked then dress in a puffy aqua-tinted, off-the-shoulder plantation dress with a smooth train for our late-night dancing tonight, after our shared dinner meal at Rann’s palace on Planet Agri. I plant a small aqua-coated gemstone tiara between my two earlobes feeling a little pain, fluttering my long gray hair strands around my naked collar bones. Hbot hooks a matching aqua-coated gemstone necklace, a princess present from Rann. I place a pair of aqua-coated gemstone stub earrings in each earlobe, another princess present from Rann.
“I have to learn how to set that bot alarm application,” I whisper and finish dressing nice for my guy. I sigh with true love.
I spin around with a smile and leave an empty bedroom carefully walking over a shiny wooden floor, hitting the staircase surveying the grand room on the ground floor. I smile at my guy.
A smiling Rann patiently waits for my elegant sweeping grandiose entrance coming from the top step down to the lower step. He moves ahead and extends his arm for Starra.
“I’m so sorry for being tardy. Please forgive me, sweetheart,” I wink with a grin then collide into his body. He spins around her dress then cuddles Starra on his right side of ribs, sweet breathing into her eardrum, “We’re not late. The king is late making the meeting long and boring. But our sweet togetherness allows me to admire your beauty for a longer period of time secretly in silence.” Rann winks with a grin then gently folds his arm over her hand cupping his other hand over her other hand leading them towards the closed entrance door. I sigh with true love.
The Ice honor guard opens the front door of the Ice mansion. We exit the house and move ahead to an awaiting airship. Pbot stands beside an open rear passenger door for his master and his new mistress. Rann stops. I hike the dress upwards and exposes my two naked kneecaps, leaning down, sliding over the bench seat and smile at Rann. The internal atmosphere smells with vanilla and lavender scents and is covered in black tinted leather.
Rann dashes in a rush dashing around the rear bumper on the airship then slides down in the leather seat, which is guarded by his personal Agri honor guards. He is the only gentleman in the universe. We scoot and meet in the middle of bench seat of his air limousine that can hold ten people and twelve pieces of luggage.
We smile, embrace, kiss, and won’t tell anymore to anyone until we are required to attention the Noble meeting at mid-day. I sigh with true love.



Three hours later…

10th hour (mid-day)
Royal castle location

King Dirk property
Noble meeting setting

King Dirk finishes reading the last section of known names for the Jubilation Day activities tomorrow from his mini-bot. The ancient room is covered in dull-looking, pealing chunks of purple paint and streaks of thick, ugly green tinted paint making it really non-beautiful.
Geez! Dirk needs to purchase more robot help and a new happier personality.
The familiar squared-shaped wooden table needs polish and cleansing from numerous food and beverage stains embedded into the wooden grains. The room walls smell musty; but a single candle burns on top of a side table drifting lovely fumes of wild lemons and oranges throughout the enclosed space.
The side table is naked wood without trays of food, as usual. Dirk is a cheap-scat king of the universe. The nobles continue to sit around the conference wooden table and stare down at a personal mini-bot reading the new events while ignoring Dirk and his loud words.
He wears a lavender tinted robe outlined in tiny ropes of swirled patterns, a pair of matching silk trousers, and a pair of white tinted leather shoes appearing like a folded set of bathroom shower curtains.
Naw! I ain’t giving it up!
For some reason, he ditched the traditional outfit consisting of a half-girly tunic dress, a pair of matching trousers, a long matching cloak without the hoodie, and a pair of knee boots. I sighed with puzzlement.
He still displays a slender, horse-shaped face featuring a flat nose, a semi-round chin, a pair of dark green eyes, a long forehead and a face of red tinted dusted whiskers. However, his long furry face is drooping even longer due to his advanced age or his annoying alien. And his two eyeballs are dull-looking from his stress or Starra. Red thin strands of straight hair cover his right eyeball and part of his pale ghostly white skin. The strands over his eyeball were attached to a head of shoulder-length, red tinted hair that hold streaks of white tinted hair strands. He has cut off his long ponytail that used to flow down his back spine. He wears a lavender-encrusted gemstone crown on top of his hair roots that does not magically shift or move when he looks down or up or sideways. I sigh with hairy bob pins.
He measures over six feet in height and extremely skinny body frame in bones and muscles due to stress or Starra. I sigh with my purpose.
Dirk stops babbling then looks up with a grin scanning each set of colorful hair roots, saying with a calm timber, “Is there any old business?” No one answers. He says, “Is there any new business?” No one grunts. He says. “I have a new agenda item.”
Prince Rann sits in a separate chair and wears his usual outfit consisting of a sleeveless, shirtless white tinted vest. His vest fabric is split down the middle showing off his twin rippling dark tinted biceps and triceps and his exposed naked dark tinted chest. He displays a pair of matching white tinted trousers tucked down into a pair of polished black tinted knee boots. He measures five feet and ten inches in height and possesses a pair of brown dancing pupils, a head of shoulder-length wavy black tinted curls with strands of gray tinted hair, a face of black and lightly gray tinted dusted whiskers, and a pair of pink lips with a sweet smile.
Rann has stopped decorating his sleeveless vest in the bejeweled gems for some reason.
He leans over his chair’s arm rest gently touching Starra’s soft hand, tickling her finger pads. I smile and suppress a cute giggle. I sigh with true love.
He is a royal noble of Planet Agri and a role model for all the citizens of the universe. Rann displays intelligence, strength, dignity, and compassion for the commoners and the nobles. 


I mentally flash backwards, within the first alien timeline, Prince Rann ruled Planet Sahara.

Within the second alien timeline, Rann married Baronet Ivy and ruled with her on Planet Agri. Ty was selected as a new royal noble and was given Planet Sahara as a gift from his childhood friend Rann.

Within the third alien timeline, Lord Dirk ruled Planet Sahara.

Within the fifth alien timeline, Prince Rann ruled Planet Sahara.


I mentally flash back present within the new ninth alien timeline, sitting in the chair with Rann holding my other hand, I scratch my forehead relieving my dizziness and then slam my free hand down into my lap. I am really confused why the nobles play musical planets. Then I view Dirk and remember that he is the fixed variable oxymoronic idiot causing all the trouble within the unknown universe. So, he plays the nobles. I sigh with acknowledgement.
Now, Ambassador Ty rules Planet Sahara. However, the Prison Planet does not house any prisoners. Dirk likes to execute all the convicted prisoners the day before and then read out each death name at the boring noble meeting and then repeat his evil deed at the Jubilation Day activities. I sigh with mental.
I am glad to report that Dirk has not executed a single prisoner for months to his surgery and Ty’s goal. All the nobles have been interceding during a friendly or violent fist fight, before a commoner becomes arrested, convicted, and then executed by an evil, vile King Dirk. I sigh with life.
So, Planet Sahara contains hundreds of working robots cleaning an empty mansion and working the gemstone mines while its master has fun with his new girlfriend Starra.
I’m the new kid on the block within the newest alien timeline. Dirk granted Starra the status of a noblette for saving the child’s life force from the lion’s claws on Planet Bonita. I sigh with rescue.
Of course, Rann actually rescued Starra using a stun maser on each dangerous wild lion. The surrounding wave also had hit Starra as well. I fainted from the blue light discharge on the ground. Rann brought Starra from Bonita to a hospital bed on Planet Commerce watching her for two days, until I was conscious again.
Rann explained Starra’s daring rescue of the helpless child on Bonita from the herd of wild mammals. Dirk had no choice but to reward Starra a new noblette title within the ninth alien timeline, not my usual Lady Bonita title. I sigh with confusion.
I’m the new noblette Planet Ice that had been totally destroyed during the first alien timeline and then continued to stay unhabituated within each alien timeline afterwards. Anyways, I can’t be the Lady Bonita, because she is dead.

I mentally flash backwards, into the first alien timeline, Lady Ann died and was buried in the ground in front of an empty horse barn.

I mentally flash back present, within the new ninth alien timeline, I am called Countess Starra of Planet Ice. The planet is a white tinted, frozen blob of snow, ice, blizzards, dead furry animals, and frozen citizen cadavers that do not melt or decay due to the maser bomb scattered radiation particles. Actually, some of the dead body parts glow and move during the sunshine rays. I sigh with scary.
Back inside the boring and long noble meeting, Dirk clears his throat then grins. “The citizens have been through great turmoil in the past solar months. I want to lift up their emotional spirits.” He pauses with his silly grin. “The competitive sporting Game has been a tradition on Commerce for many, many decades. Everyone loves the sporting event. And everyone loves to attend the sporting event as the event is the highlight event of the work week.”
I and every citizen know that too, Dirk. The red tinted Book teaches that tiny tidbit from the kid that attended Planet Uni and does attend the new space station Uni.
Dirk nods. “We have experienced a great loss of our brothers and sisters, including a few nobles and noblettes along with commoners. I feel we should entertain our citizens. And I feel that the sporting competitive Game has diminished from its once grand splendor of the days of olden. The sporting competitive teams are not distributed equally in both strength and talent.”
I gasp in shock then turn to view Dirk. He is correct. Numerous commoners had died and then never return into the newly created alien timeline after each Galactic Civil War as well as the slowly disappearing noble lines.
Planet Bonita is not represented at the royal table anymore. King Rex, Lady Rosa, Lady Ann, and Lord Dirk in title has vanished from the noble line.
Once upon a time, I was granted the title of Lady Starra and inherited the planet for my princessly future. But each new alien timeline has morphed my royal destiny into Countess Starra. I sighed with puzzlement.
Planets Uni, Bio, and Resort are damaged globes with viable land masses, bodies of fresh water, and abundance wildlife animal. However, the commoner class has rapidly diminished and vanished from numerous worlds preferring to reside on two planets.
Planet Agri lost its true noble line of Baron Bartholomew and Baronet Ivy then the world was inherited through marriage to Prince Rann. He promoted his childhood friend Ty as a new royal noble with the title of ambassador providing Ty all the Farm World people, properties, and pets. Then the world flipped back to Rann for some unexplained reason. I sighed with more dizziness.
At the conference table, Ambassador Ty sits between Rann and an empty chair wearing a similar outfit like his buddy. Ty is the newest noble and displays a sleeveless, shirtless golden tinted vest jacket without the gem stones, a pair of matching trousers, and a set of black tinted knee boots. He measures equal height with Rann displaying a tone of dark skin, a pair of blue eyes, and a head of shoulder length blonde tinted hair strands that bounce around his broad collar bones.
Planet Sahara and Tech World no longer houses humans, only robots producing and performing all the manual labor-intensive work chores. Sahara belongs to Rann and Tech World is ruled by Dirk.
Planet Tech or Tech World is not represented at the table either. Viscount Lad died in the first alien timeline and returned briefly then died in the next alien timeline. Rita started out as a queen then was demoted down to a lady and was promoted to a Viscountess after marrying Lad and inherited Planet Tech throughout the previous eight alien timelines.
Now, Rita is missing from the noble meeting as she lies on top of her bed mattress dying at her home environment from the Sickness. Not every citizen survives the Sickness. I sigh with death.
Planets Uni, Bio, Resort are three damaged but not destroyed globes with viable land masses, bodies of fresh water, and abundance wildlife animal. Two of the planets survive as an independent space station within the outer space waves.
However, the commoner class has rapidly diminished and then vanished from numerous worlds preferring to reside and work on Planets Commerce, Agri, or one of the three space stations.
Space Station Militia used to maintain two rotating man-made globes. Now, one nicely repaired station remains and is still owned by the royal noble couple of General Ivan and his wife Generalette Mar. Ivan sits between two empty chairs with Starra on his far left-side and Dirk on his far right-side appearing fatter in his middle and shorter in height from the last alien timeline wearing a neatly pressed blue tinted Militia uniform, without the dangling medals. His skull mound is balder, and his skin is red-tinted. He continues to eat the lunch meal listening to Dirk.
Tok is the only child from his dead father Marquis Roy and his dead mother Marquise Dee inheriting a damaged Resort but lives on Space Station Uni with all the schooled children and teenagers in an academic environment. He sits between two empty chairs with Ty on his far right-side and Dirk too far away on his left-side. Tok folds his tall six feet plus body frame and 300 plus pounds of taunt and tight muscles inside a larger chair, wearing a traditional royal attire in indigo hue consisting of a short tunic jacket, a pair of trousers, a long cloak, like his dead father.
He wears a head of shoulder length brown hair strands, a dusted face of brown and blonde tinted whiskers, a tone of peach colored skin, and a pair of aqua eyeballs.
Alas! I am the one of six nobles and the only noblette attending the boring weekly noble meeting. The two married noblettes are invited but do not attend the noble meeting due to Dirk’s terrible attitude and nasty royal behavior.
Once I am married to my man Rann, I will stay home and watch the comlen and gossip on the comfone too. Just kidding!
Let me tell you a secret! No citizen likes Dirk, only Dirk!
Tok looks up with a stern face from his mini-bot screen nodding his head, speaking in a deep baritone timber, “I understand your point of view, Dirk. For the past four sporting competitive game sessions, the Golden Sahara Warriors team has not only won but flattened all the player competition. As we head into the Game championship days, the same Golden Sahara Warriors team does not have another group of worthy opponents to challenge their existing Game reign. Thus, each game competition is boring. I receive both vocal and electronic comments all the time from my home world citizens, who didn’t want to attend the Game dinner and dance event anymore but rather visit all the markets purchasing goods and then head back home to sleep.” I gasp in shock at the insult to Rann then turn studying Tok. 
“Exactly my point! Very good comment, Tok!” Dirk nods without shifting the purple-encrusted gemstone skull crown. The other nobles and noblettes softly mumble, not Rann.
“I propose the Game players get paid for both their talents and skills rather than volunteering for fun. I suggest a professionalized sporting agency from each paying noble currs.” He smiles at Rann.
Tok turns and smiles at Dirk. “I like that new business idea, too, Dirk.” He lives in the real world. His two space stations are home for all types of characters in the universe.
I enjoy the competitive Game sporting event, when a talented team plays against another talent team that makes the action exhilarating to watch. You feel the action. You hear the grunts of the active players. You see sprays of the flying flesh pieces and bone fragments. You smell the spilling blood proteins and spurting bile liquid in the air. All of this is an addiction, if you love violence. And finally, you taste the delicious victory and eat the defeat depending on your team home planet.
The Sahara Golden Warriors game team from Planet Sahara wins all the time, since their players have the talent, skill, and guts. The players are highly trained coming from the prison duty roster approved by Prince Rann making them invincible in battle, on a football game field. Sometimes, too invincible! The game becomes really boring watching when the Golden Warriors lead by fifty points the first hour of the competitive sporting event.
I nod with a smile to Dirk, “I like your idea too, Dirk. The players are proud to serve their noble, where they live and thrive. But the planet is not necessarily their home world but play the sport, the action, and the Game. The game is the kill the players anticipate, await, and attain.” Then I feel a sharp ache on my non-booted leg. Rann had viciously slapped my shin using his leather boot. I do not react with my string of nasty words that’s floating around my neurons. I continued to stare at Dirk and simply reach down and rub my finger pads on a quickly forming blue tinted bruise using a Tele heal touch with my telemetabolics easing the pain, stopping the wound.
“Thank you for your encouraging and brave and bold comment, Countess.” Dirk turns and smiles to Starra.
“You are most welcome, Your Highness,” I nod. Someone appreciates my person, my view of point, and my opinion. I sigh with delight.
“Done! The new Game sporting competitive tryouts will commence immediately for one work week, five standard days. Is there any more business ideas or suggestions?” Dirk smiles. No one grunts. He claps then stands. “The weekly noble meeting is dismissed.”
Rann swiftly stands upright then leans down pulling out Starra’s chair from the table, offering his hand as he is one of two gentlemen in the room. I stand then wobble in my fluffy dress scooting away from the chair, facing Rann.
“I don’t realize you enjoyed watching the ball games, Starra.” Ty appears and stands beside Rann smiling at Starra.
I nod in silence to Ty. Really, no person stands inside my Ice noble skybox with me. I need to get out more and socialize with the other commoners, instead of saving my fanny from an evil Dirk or saving Rann’s fanny from the same evil Dirk. I sigh with evil.
Rann cuddles Starra and slowly shuffles them from the meeting room, pacing down an empty hallway. General Ivan stays behind inside the meeting room talking with Dirk, like always, keeping the universe safe and the king alive. I sigh with death.
I walk between Rann and Ty looking down at the long ugly hallway, smiling with my words, “The game is bestest when the two teams are tearing each other apart, tossing their opponent’s blood and guts...” I feel a sharp index finger nail tickling the fourth rib bone coming from Rann’s free hand. 
Rann stares at her nose profile, “Violence begets violence.”
I gasp in shock pondering my mental thoughts. Who died and made Rann the universe’s philosopher? I turn and wink at Dirk, “It’s just a game, darling!”
“An event, I might add that teaches youngsters to solve problems using both physical aggression and mental brutality.” He states.
“So does those rows and rows of Dirk’s royal edicts, but you don’t see me lecturing him,” I strike back with force wearing a smirk of victory. Ty snickers along with Tok, not Rann.
And I happen to know that Rann silently roots for his old team, the Sahara Golden Warriors within his heart, mind, and body. He continues to personally hire and train the Game players in cheek-to-fist fighting and heavy degrees of physical aggression and brutality, pretending as a boring, snoring Sahara prince of the hot, sizzling deserts.
“What kill? The players anticipate, await, and attain the ultimate goal, the competition.” He smiles.
“Really! Well, maybe, I’ll form my own Game sporting team with the ultimate goal of competition too, to boot.” I giggle. I’m well received as the newest and only noblette within the ancient noble circle this timeline, not wanting to either challenge or fight with them again.
He turns and nods to the hallway, “Your attempt would become most difficult and slightly redundant, since you are going to become Princess Starra of Agri. And you will rightly own fifty percent of the Agri Green Farmers sporting team.”
“Really! The Agri Greenie Non-meanie Farmers don’t play very well, do they?” I frown. Ty snickers with the truth.
Tok slowly paces behind the front row nobles including Rann, Starra, and Ty then viciously slaps the collar bone on Starra with one of his large burly hands. I slightly tumble forward away from Rann’s arm then execute a Tele halt using my telekinesis jerking back into Rann’s body from Tok’s innate brute strength. He should be playing in the Game. Then his sporting team would win the Championship Game each season.
“Way to go, Starra! If Rann doesn’t want you watching the Game, then I invite you to come and join me in my skybox. I’ll have a special seat waiting for you.” Tok laughs with amusement. I sigh with pride.
I’m on a hot streak today. Another person has listened to my comments. I swing my head and smile at Tok then spin back around slowly pacing with Rann.
Rann fumes with jealousy. He cares about his future bride princess. I sigh with pleasure.
Before I compliment Tok, Rann responds and stares down the long hallway, “Starra isn’t my pawn. She can come and go as she pleases.”
Tok nods, “That’s good news for my eardrums!” He scoots around Ty and gently slams the bicep on Ty without harming the shorter male then spins around standing front of the row of other royals. “My offer still stands, Starra! And I’ll see everyone tomorrow at the Jubilation activities.” He taps his two booted heels for respect and then bows down at his fitted waistline to royal noblette standing upright and grins to each noble.
I slightly nod my curls while graciously remarking, “Thank you, Tok! I’m touched by your precious offer.” I continue to practice becoming a polished diplomat, not accepting or rejecting Tok’s idea. I do want Tok as my alley. And I don’t want Rann as my enemy. I respect Rann. But we’re going to become married as a royal couple. He has to respect my rational and irrational ways being a hidden alien. I sigh with alien.
Tok spins around and leads the rest of the nobles out the building towards the row of starships for a journey back to their castle on Planet Commerce.

Alien Day 154


Planet Commerce
Auditorium setting

Jubilation Day

Sunny with parted clouds at 67ºF
11th hour (early afternoon)


The day is cool, calm and boring as usual and the universe is at peace for once. Having Dirk as the current king is not my first choice of rulers, but there he sits in a padded golden tinted throne chair on top of the center wooden platform in purple paint within the ninth alien timeline. The best news of all, Dirk hasn’t threatened to mangle, maim, or murder my body. I sigh with lucky.
Dirk finishes reading the last name from the last list. A shiny, rounded-shaped gong instrument stands on top of the stage platform then lovely chimes in a musical note from a slave…naw…servant from Dirk’s palace I sigh with confusion.
I frown and ponder the gong musical instrument which is a new item within the alien time line. However, the musical tone is smoothing. The timeline is quietus harmony. There are not surprise body attacks or starship wars or violent acts. I sigh with peace.
Well, that isn’t exactly correct, since I’m seeing plenty of physical action, the fast and furious love relationship kind. I’m not complaining. Rann has not wasted any time from our brief life-saving introduction on Planet Bonita to developing our sweetly dating ritual on Planet Commerce leading into something much more. I’m not just hearing wedding bells, since the church bells are being brushed and polished for our upcoming wedding next month. I sigh with marriage.
I’m going married to Rann next month as he works out the entire wedding details. He enjoys bossing people around the universe. My only responsibility is to show up on our wedding day in my wedding dress. I don’t have to worry about missing that scheduled wedding event, due to any unforeseen circumstances, such like, thieves, burglars, kidnappers, assassins, mercenaries, and atypical bad guy or gal types, who wants to harm my petite-ness. I sigh with protection.
As soon as Rann placed an eight-carat diamond ring on my fourth finger of my left hand, I was assigned a battalion of honor guards for my personal security, safety, and protection, 20 hours per day, and five days a week. (That’s a Commerce day light saving time frame.) Actually, it’s a big pain in my noblette fanny as I am guarded all the time, but hey, it saves on healing my body over and over again. I sigh with healthy.
Rann has been through this before with Starra within the other previous alien timelines, of course, he doesn’t directly remember the event within his clicking neurons. But his set of Tele powers are very intuitive about Starra. I sigh with true love.
Our wedding day is planned as gigantic grandiose with one parade including commoner and noble floats, banners, flowers, food, cakes, horses, dancers, entertainers, and breath in air molecules. There are the numerous dance and dinner parties throughout the castles on Planet Commerce all provided and paid by Prince Rann. He can afford all the items as he is a gazillionaire. I’m Starra with an assigned countess title to a radiated planet with no citizens, no currs, and no problems. I sigh with simplicity.
Inside my Ice royal skybox, during the Jubilation Day activities, I back step from the open window then swing around viewing each side wall that holds a long nicely decorated table in pink cloth with numerous food trays, consisting of meats, fruits, desserts, beverages, and finger foods. Man, I can’t eat all this food provided by my prince coming from Food World. Food World or Planet Agri feeds all the hungry mouths and empty tummies of citizens. But my fiancé prince delights in overindulging all his personal friends plus his pampered, spoiled fiancé princess. I, of course, possess three times the amount of food items resting here inside my royal skybox as I am the only occupant inside my square-shaped box. I sigh with suckiness.
Rann, not I, decided that he or I could not share a royal skybox during the standard royal activities including the sporting Game event. My marriage plans have not been publicly announced to the citizens or some of the highly suspicious nobles. Rann is concerned about retaliation or revenge from King Dirk on his fiancé princess Starra, when the good news is announced. Thus, Rann and I are acting like an arrogant individual royal noble and staying in our royal house until the day of our marriage ceremony. I sigh with interference.
Back inside the skybox, the four walls are painted in white hue without a single piece of art work or a spying two-way glass mirror on my noble neighbor either. Count Dov and his wife removed the furniture and items from their noble skybox before the start of the Galactic Civil War in the first alien timeline.
Rann provided a long sofa in solid pink hue that holds a foot stool on each end between two side tables. Each wall holds the refreshment table. The entrance wall only displays an elegantly curved entrance/exit archway that can become locked and bolted, in case of attack from Dirk, but my Tele powers can do that job better. I sigh with protection.
In the wall corner, a guard robot sits on the floor looking shiny, acting quiet until I order the command to attack and then kill. Just kidding!
Note: A robot here within the unknown universe does not kill, only a cold, black-hearted, robotic Dirk.
The forward wall displays a long, wide open hole without a glass pane. The noble and his noble friends and family members can stand or lean over the wide and secure flat wooden ledge enjoying the current activities on the floor or on the top of the stage platform.
Outside my noble skybox, numerous small tables and chairs newly stand filled with numerous honor guards coming from the palaces of Agri, Sahara and Ice. They nosily chat and eat the food platters while pretending to guard the nobles.
Rann is such a caring noble. He ordered the construction of a new slender hallway with a wide, long open hole in-between the Ice royal skybox space and his Agri skybox area, where a pod of comfortable green tinted chairs and sofas rest on top of the floor, holding some of the guards, who do not care to hear or see Dirk.
Back inside the skybox, I ignore Dirk’s words too then moan with unhappiness, “What a waste?” I’m not actually sitting or standing alone and lonely. My devoted and re-programmed tall, slender, cylinder-shaped, sliver-tinted Gbot keeps me company 20 hours per day and night. But numerous individuals need to eat all this food, before it becomes ruined. I do not like wasting any new or old items. I sigh with recycle.
I flip my hand and order to Gbot, “Offer all the food trays to my lovely honor guards.” I love giving out my princessly royal orders feeling like the queen of the universe. I sigh with power.
The eye sensors on the Gbot glow in bright red hue and as the loud voice box drones in a baritone timber. “Your royal honor guard unit from the planet of Ice has availed themselves four times to the food trays. I have documented and recorded each stealing session on my comlen for your review and reprimand later, Princess Starra.” I sigh with tattle-tail.
I softly giggle at the robot and my honor guards. Each male and female guard displays a bulky body frame. Rann doesn’t scrimp on my personal protection. Each female guard stands twice my petite height and twice my light weight. No citizen or bot in the unknown universe is going to take, tease, or talk to me when my personal little army guards my body. Sweet and kind Rann thinks about my welfare all the time. I sigh with true love.
Ty whispered to Starra that Rann had personally interviewed and then tested each guard candidate selecting the ones with the bestest brains, brawn, and bravery from Planet Sahara. The best bodyguards train, live, and work there also.
Now, I have them.
Ty isn’t worried about the security environment on the Prison Planet, since the bestest and brightest guards will return back to him, after Rann’s wedding day. This security arrangement is only temporary for Starra. Ty is another gentleman within the unknown universe. I sigh with honor.
I spin around and scan the auditorium floor seeing all the natives then princessly order, “Bot, take all the food trays down to the natives on the auditorium floor. I want you to distribute the food trays starting on the last row of citizens.” Gbot doesn’t talk or move. I spin around and sneer at the robot, “I gave you an order, Trash can!”
“Countess Starra, I cannot follow that order,” the bot drones.
“Why not?” I spin back around and survey the citizens. Lots of the natives are eating, drinking, and making a big mess in the bleacher seats and on the floor tiles. I sigh with confusion.
“If a hungry or thirsty citizen wants a plate of food or a cold beverage, then a citizen can purchase the food items from a crowded line of food vendors on the entrance wall within the auditorium proper which provides a varied selection of nutriment…”
“… for currs …” I blast back at the stupid bot. Some of the citizens don’t seem to have enough currs to buy a piece of new clothing attire for the Jubilation Day event, much less for an assortment of expensive food and beverage items inside the food karts which is provided by King Dirk.
I spin back around and sneer at the metal cylinder, “I command you to take and carry each dang food tray to the natives on the floor, Gbot.” I stop and stand in front of the robot as my fluffy plantation skirt wiggles sideways.
“I cannot. Your princess command stands in direct conflict with my guarding programming,” Gbot hums. I sigh with anger.
“Very well stated, Trash can!” I slide sideways and call through the open archway, “Captain!”
The captain and four guards appear and block the archway. The captain enters the room surveying the walls, the ceiling tiles, the open window searching for trouble then halts in front of Starra, “Countess, is there trouble? Are you alright?” A huddle of guards follows behind their captain as ordered by my prince for my protection. I sigh with true love.
I raise both of my palms and stand in front of his tallness shaking my curls, smiling with my princess order, “No! No! I don’t mean to cause ya’ll distress. I was hoping you could take and carry all these delicious food trays to the audience members who sit at the back of the rows.” I point to each table.
The Captain turns and views each side wall seeing the trays of food, scooting around Starra, heading towards the open window while pondering her princessly command. I sigh with puzzlement.
Rann has provided an honor guard unit exhibiting both bulging muscles and bulky brains. I might have to skip the higher IQ levels next time. But their primary paid job isn’t to act as a waiter bot but to watch over Starra. I sigh with safety.
The Captain examines the crowd on the floor then soldierly pivots facing his guard unit, pointing to each side wall. “As you wish, Countess, everyone, come and grab a tray and then follow me down.” He leads to one table picking up a food tray. I sigh with delight.
The guards scatter around and grab a food tray carefully spinning around, slowly leaving the skybox space. I step sideways and block his footpath, wringing my hands with nervousness, “Captain, I do not mean to belittle your honor with menial serving duties. I would do it my…”
“We both know Prince Rann would greatly object. You’re a very generous and kind-hearted noblette, the only one on the planet and in the universe. I’m deeply honored to know and personally serve you sharing your kind gifts with the other citizens.” He deeply bows at his fitted waistline when balancing the heavy food tray in one palm then slowly uprights nodding with a smile to Starra. He scoots around her and leaves the room shouting for at my Gbot and a huddle of more human replacement sentinels guarding the skybox.
Wow! I’m popular in the unknown universe. I sigh with joy.
I waddle ahead and halt in front of the open window eventually seeing my honor guards. They slowly pass out the food items to all the children first while wearing a sweet smile. I sigh with happiness.
I lean down over the ledge and daydream of Rann drowning out Dirk’s words of something. I’m eager to leave my confided space inside a tiny skybox. Rann had utilized some of the Ice skybox floor and wall space for the newly constructed hallway. I don’t mind giving back to the universe. After the activities, Rann and I are flying to Planet Sahara for a fun swimming pool party hosted by our friend Ty and his girlfriend Joy. I love the hot sizzling sunrays there really a deep suntan on my semi-naked body. I sigh with true love.
The time clock seconds silently click closer to the 13th hour of mid-day ending the Jubilation Day activities. You cannot see a visual comlen inside the auditorium space. I am the virtual time clock keeper that clicks down the seconds, when I can hug and kiss on Rann inside his limousine in private again. I sigh with true love.
On top of the stage platform, Dirk finishes the last name and shouts to the audience members. “Are there any prisoners for a speedy law trial?”
When a citizen is caught performing an illegal crime, the citizen is labeled a prisoner without defending their person from the accusation then the legal trial and then the sentencing by the king. But this is Dirk’s universe, not mine. I sigh with injustice.
From the lobby space, two rows of lavender-covered uniforms represent Dirk’s personal honor guard unit marches forward in step without a song escorting a single citizen between their tall, slender bodies slowly moving towards Dirk.
Inside my empty skybox, I lean my upper torso over the wooden edge and study the life form, “What’s that thing?”
A new form of animal moves ahead exhibiting a head of long blonde-tinted hair, four little tiny limbs on a very small body frame. I’m an expert on shortness as I measure five feet and one inch in height. Every person is taller against my body frame, even all my kitchen appliances and bedroom furniture items inside my castle are taller than my petite body frame. The only citizen I can point my chin down to is a small child, not the one who hits puberty either. These days, all the growing teenagers are taller than I am. I sigh with curiosity.
The two rows of guard halt in the middle of the floor. The small animal life form stops then slumps forward wearing a pair of black-tinted, heavy, iron binders on both its wrist and ankle bones.
“What is the crime?” Dirk stares down at the prisoner.
“The crime is thieving, Your Highness,” the lead honor guard nods with a stern face to Dirk.
Animals are wild beasts living within their wilder environment. A wild animal technically doesn’t steal but scrounges for food within their habitants. This is a ridicule idea creating a fantasy crime for a wild animal. I sigh with nonsense.
Just dismiss us now, Dirk! I’m hungry for personal attention from my man Rann. I sigh with true love.
“Detail the crime of the prisoner, please.” Dirk says.
“She stole an apple from one of the food vendor carts at the market,” the guard says.
“She!” I shout out loud and stand upright. The visual line of open noble skyboxes is located on the second floor and several hundred yards from the center of the floor. You cannot see the center of the floor, if you don’t possess a Tele power of enhanced eyesight. Anyways, no noble watches Dirk but plays card or board games with their friends and their honor guards having a good time while the poor citizens endure Dirk’s boring words.
Inside my skybox, I perform a Tele see scanning the animal life form closer. That is not a small animal but a small child standing alone and lonely without her parent or guardian. She is a daughter wearing a pair of heavy, black-tinted wrist and ankle bone iron chains. The child appears six years in age, that’s an Earth measurement. The natives here age in years very rapidly from an earthling. I don’t really know how old the child is or anyone else’s age but Lady Rosa and King Dirk. Now, Rosa is dead and cannot explain the rapid age process. I sigh with puzzlement.
 However, the child appears old enough to know wrong from right as stealing an object without paying the price is a true crime. But the child is a little girl filled with fun and games, maybe she acted on a dare. Or she exhibits mischievous childish behaviors with her friends and family members.
I’m not going to debate that hot topic. I’m the biggest offender of mischievous teen-ass behavior here within the unknown universe. My bad teen habits have gotten my person in plenty of nasty opportunities for numerous severe punishments. An adult should know better and should be punished for an illegal crime against the Crown, the citizens, and the universe. I sigh with immaturity.
However, I repeat my mental argument. This little girl is a child. Children are protected by the kingdom until their 16th birthday party. I read that fact inside the red tinted Book in the first alien timeline. So, a small child should not be standing in front of Dirk wearing a set of painful irons bracelets around her tiny wrist and ankle bones. I sigh with intense rage.
The more I mentally debate this controversial topic inside my sharp neurons, the higher my anger stirs within my kind heart. I sigh with intense fury.
Rann shouts out loud to Dirk, pointing at the child and stands inside his skybox, “Sire, as the owner of Planet Agri, all the food markets on Planet Commerce and throughout the galaxy, and the one voice for the Business Associates, I release the innocent child from all and any criminal charges effective immediately.” The audience cheers and claps for Rann and the child.
“Good job, Rann!” I cheer and clap along with the audience members. Rann has swiftly nipped the immediate royal problem in the budding rose petals. I, personally, am going to inspect the open markets on Jubilation Day from now on. This type of crime will not be occurring any more, especially, if the silly incident involved a young child. I sigh with innocence.
Dirk slowly stands from his chair and stares down at the small child carefully waddling in his long bathroom robe over the polished wood, climbing down each step than halts on top of the dirty floor tiles. He folds his arms and presses the finger tips together in front of his chest nodding with a wicked smirk and shouts out loud to each citizen, “The Crown recognizes the noble prince as the rightful owner of Planet Agri that produces all the food items for all the citizens throughout the galaxy. But this particular crime is not located within your planetary jurisdiction, Rann.” Each audience member bump heads and loudly mumbles.
“What!” I shout out loud as the single word echoes around my empty skybox. I sigh with extremely intense anger.
“Mr. Food Vendor, please, come forth and approacheth the Crown,” he nods with a smile and motions to the person.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
Rann cannot speak a work or defend the child from Dirk’s wrath. I know that fact and shouldn’t rely on my Tele powers for a logical reaction, since I’m so emotionally charged that I might purposely use them deadly on an arrogant Dirk. Too bad! He would become a big blob of broken white bones and oozing red blood proteins on a dead broken body frame spilling over the dirty auditorium floor. I realize that visual sight will greatly improve his royal appearance. I sigh silliness.
Dirk has arranged this visual display for something; but I’ll search out and find all the inquiring questions: who, what, when, where, and how. I sigh with purpose.
I’m hot on your silky bathroom robe tails, Dirk.
A short, thin, fragile male with a balding head slowly steps from the rear of line of food carts walking beside one of the Commerce honor guards. He twists his cloth hat between ten nervous finger pads.
Now, I completely understand Dirk’s surly comment to Rann. This criminal matter is not held in the Agri air waves or on top of the land jurisdiction environment. The line of food cart vendors resides here inside the auditorium space and manned by Dirk’s staff servant…naw…slaves, if you must know the truth. Dirk purchases the food items at a very low cost from Rann and then all the food cart vendors sells the food items to the commoners. All the collected currs go to Dirk, not Rann. Rann had instigated this new concept as the tale is told inside the Book that resides on Planet Agri.
Yeah, I do my homework sometimes, when I am bored and Rann is busy with the crops.
All the nobles have and hold a red tinted ancient smelly Book that exhibits some interesting magical spells of love. Just kidding! The Book details tips, tads, and bits of past, present, and future datum.
Back to Rann’s brilliant business arrangement. He wants Dirk to possess tons of currs and fill up Dirk’s personal treasure chest, so Dirk will not act rude and greedy like King Rex. This is a brilliant plan for Rann and a misuse for Dirk. I sigh with disappointment.
I cannot tell as I am too emotional seeing only a Tele void, when I’m out of balance within my Tele metaphysical world.
But I can guess using my common sense and smart brain cells. Dirk is trying to blackmail Rann for more currs in front of the citizens negotiating for the little girl’s freedom. This is the worse nasty evil plan coming from Dirk as he has tried and then failed every criminal act within the universe including a murder attempt, kidnapping, thieving, beating, and stealing. And that short list only applies to my petite alien person. I sigh with past timelines.
I am not the only noble pondering those mental thoughts.
My Tele senses ping. Everything is fine.
Ambassador Ty of Sahara has suddenly appeared inside Rann’s sky box. I execute a Tele probe overhearing their whispered words. They are plotting a gallant rescue attempt of the child and a bloody fist fight on the Commerce honor guards. I sigh with delight.
The Sahara honor guards would pulverize any and all body guards with a tongue spit from Prince Rann. Dirk pays the poorest wages in the universe possessing no currs, so he receives a battalion with the laziest, skinniest, and dumbest rejects from the other noble warrior inventory. The Commerce honor guard duty is to guard Dirk and perform nothing else. I sigh with intrigue.
The Militia pilots and mechanics are smarter and sleeker than these rejects. I find it hard to believe that a Commerce guard found this criminal child using his negative IQ. So, there is a hidden mysterious mastermind behind this sinful social act. Dirk wants something else to occur here inside the auditorium floor during the weekly Jubilation Day activities. I sigh with intrigue.
“Is this the culprit?” Dirk asks the nervous food cart vendor. The audience members sound with a soft groan of worry.
“Yes. This is the child, who steal an apple from my food cart, King Dirk.” He nods with a worried brow. The audience members mutter loudly.
Dirk points at the child and shouts out loud, “I sentence you to two days and nights on the planet of Sahara for stealing an apple.” The audience members sound with a soft moan of defeat.
The tallest Commerce guard reaches out and grabs, jerking with his manly strength on the child’s forearm. The child falls sideways on top of the hard floor still wearing her metal bonds resting on her kneecaps crying in pain. The audience members sound with a softy groan of pain too.
“Stang!” I yell in fury at the unkind injustice on the little child. Dirk accepts someone else’s verbal opinion without any hard evidence or reviewing all the facts and witnesses of the criminal case before a jury of their peers. I think that is Earth justice, not Commerce justice. Dirk is judge, jury, and executor of justice and injustice inside his universe. I respect that yesterday, not today. You can’t convict a little kid for stealing an apple. I sigh with duty.
“Stop!” I yell out loud using a telepathic kick into all the eardrums hearing my princessly command to the guard, executing a Tele leap from the floor, flying through the open window, and then gracefully land on the folds of my puffy, fluffy dress fabric. I had placed a Tele shield, of course, over my body before jumping off the window frame while protecting my kneecaps, legs and two naked feet. I’m dressed in a circular skirt with hundreds of rows of aqua-tinted ruffles and four stiff crinolines underneath a skirt creating a human safety net. I sigh with awesomeness.
Nothing’s going to hurt me today!
Dirk turns and smiles at the new challenger. “Do you have a comment, Countess?”
I slowly stand upright and waddle ahead like a duckling towards the child while sneering in fury, shouting at Dirk. “You bet, buddy!” I shout at him with my loud voice, before I kill Dirk with my naked hands. I sigh with death.
“Starra!” Rann yells out loud in worry and anger. I ignore Rann and his warning. He stands inside his sky box noting the direction of his loud shout. He dares not leave missing the hoedown with Starra and Dirk.
The row of noble skyboxes is positioned on the second floor; but you know that fact. The entrance and exit points require walking down a long corridor and then taking a single elevator or the exiting down a set of hard concrete steps landing on the first floor. If Rann swiftly runs down the hallway and then jumps down a flight of steps, he will not or hear or feel what I’m about to do in the next five seconds to Dirk. So, he helplessly stares from the open window inside his skybox. I sigh with destroy.
And I do not plan to run then leap onto the stage platform strangling Dirk with my bare hands as that is Plan B, if Plan A does not work. I walk…okay…waddle in my gown annoyingly scratch my two naked legs on the stiff crinoline that shuffles back and forth underneath my skirt. I flip my hand in the air and perform a Tele slam on the taller Commerce guard standing over the scared little girl, calling out loud my princessly command, “Back off, man!” He magically back steps three paces from the little child falling over his two big feet, hitting his back spine on top of the hard floor. The audience members do not understand the paranormal magic but loudly laugh at the comedy act. I sigh with non-laughter.
The closest guard line parts and then creates a nice clear walking path slowly shuffling backwards and away from the anger, crazy noblette, sliding down into the front row of citizens. They watch the upcoming action against Dirk.
I arrive and squat down reaching out pulling the child up from the floor standing into an upright pose. I wrap both of my arms around her petite body and hug her body executing a Tele snap using my telekinesis and open then discard the heavy chains on her tender bones. The chains land on the floor without a sound. I sigh with greatness.
I lean down whisper into a right eardrum, “You’re okay now, sweetheart. I’m here to protect you.” The child is half of my height as and my arms fit nicely around her thin body. Her body shivers and shakes with fear snuffling with heated tears of fright. I shuffle around and stand behind her back spine protecting her from the other guards, Dirk, and the universe while staring an array of invisible fire balls at Dirk. I sigh with murder.
Dirk stares and smiles at Starra, “Would you like to speak, Countess Starra?”
“This child did not receive a fair trial.” I nod with a stern face and argue my points. The audience members sound with a loud grunt.
Yeah, of course, Dirk wants to argue back. He nods with a stern face. “She stole an apple. Stealing is a crime and crimes are punished. The king decides the sentence then the sentenced verdict is served on the Prison Planet of Sahara. Do you disagree, Countess Starra?”
“Stealing is a crime. Crimes are punished and sentenced by the king and then served on the Prison Planet.” I cannot argue semantics here.
Get to the good stuff, Dirk! I’m losing patience while practicing my polished diplomat act, since I am filled with hate and might leap from the floor, fly in the air and slam my Tele girl fist into your face unleashing my penned-up fury on your royal hair roots. I sigh with madness.
“This child committed a crime and has been punished for that stated crime. I decree her sentence on Planet Sahara for two days and nights.” He repeats. I sigh with repeat.
“The Book states a citizen committing a crime should be punished and sentenced by the king. The citizen will serve the allotted time on the Prison Planet of Sahara. However, …”
He repeats Starra’s word, “However, …”
“A citizen must attain the minimum age of 17 solar sun years to be considered a criminal and then punished and then sentenced to the required prison time by the king on the Prison Planet of Sahara.” I nod with a smile. The audience members sound with claps and cheers for Starra.
Told ya’ll! I read more of the Book pages. I sigh with victory.
Dirk doesn’t know that legal fact. I should be a legal lawyer instead of a team owner. I should open a law office on Planet Commerce and defend all the non-guilty criminals making Dirk mad. He nods with a smile, “You are correct, Countess Starra. She is too young to be labeled as a criminal. However, a crime has been committed, the stealing of an object. Do you disagree?”
I exhale with annoyance. “No.” I can’t disagree here. The child has stolen an apple and the vendor is the witness. In Earth law and justice, these law facts are still true.
“A crime has been committed and a criminal has been punished and now sentenced and will serve their prison time on the Prison Planet of Sahara. Do you disagree?” I sigh with repeat.
“No.” I have no other legal law facts to argue against Dirk’s legal law logic. I sigh with emptiness.
“I decree a replacement prisoner for the minor child, who is not over the minimum age of 17 solar sun years in order to accept her crime and her announced punishment and her final sentencing. The replacement prisoner will serve her or his two days and night inside a single prisoner cell on the Prison Planet of Sahara.” He nods.
I nod with a stern face, “Yes.” The audience members sound with a soft groan of worry.
“Who will become the replacement prisoner and replace the minor child for her single criminal misdeed?” The audience members are silence.
I want to laugh out loud. Misdeed is a minor word, when it is compared to a universal felony that demands a life time of permanent prisoner imprisonment.
He proposes, “I suggest the replacement prisoner is one of the child’s parent. Parents are responsible for their nice and naughty children. Do you disagree, Countess?”
“No.” I softly state and gently pats the collar bone on the child. I can’t debate the parental issue with anyone including Dirk. Neither of us have a pair of little monsters like this misbehaving child, but a parent or a guardian is in charge of the child’s nice and naughty act and actions. The audience members sound with a soft moan of worry.
A faint female voice calls out from within the bleacher seats, “I…I am her mother, King Dirk, Your Royal Highness.” The faint voice comes from a tiny adult body frame wearing an ancient beige-colored, knee-length dress with numerous colorful patches and a pair of ratty flip-flops. She trips over the boot toes from some of other citizens catching her upright balance and then slowly walks over the hard tiles with a long tail that includes her four other biological children ranging in ages from four years old to an infant baby within her arms. The mother and the kids appear rail thin, pale-colored, wearing ugly patches clothes. That minor child deserves the apple and tables of food items. I sigh with fury.
I swing around and gasp in shock. The mother stops and stands beside Starra. I stare at the ugly wrinkles on her young motherly face then swing my sneer growling at Dirk. She and her children are part of Dirk’s slave…naw…servant pool here at his palace. I sigh with murder.
She softy speaks and softly shreds her worried tears, rocking the infant baby, “I accept the …”
“No!” I scream out loud at Dirk and feel so ashamed of my riches in front of the poor mother and her five starving children reacting with a violence streak of raw teen-ass emotions. I sigh with rage.
Dirk gasps in shock and speaks to the mother of the minor child. “Are you not the child’s biological mother?”
She gasps in worry and nods several times awaking the sleeping child, shouting back to Dirk, “Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I…I…I am her mother, Sire.” The minor child starts to wail then slips away from the Starra, colliding into her mother, crying with worry. The other three child hug their older sister and each other with worry also. The baby cries in her mother’s arms. I sigh with panic.
I turn and stare at the worried parent and her crying clan members then view Dirk. I slowly shuffle away from the wails of worry then halt standing alone and lonely, clearing my dry throat. “Begging your pardon, Your Royal Highness, King Dirk…” My southern girl charm is thicker than spooning out molasses. I need Dirk to act kind to the young mother and kinder to me. I exhale with worry then clear my dry throat. “With all due respect and admiration, the young mother of the minor child cannot possibly leave her home, her other children, and her life to serve two days and night for the required prisoner time inside the Prison Planet of Sahara. His Royal Majestic, King Dirk with his great knowledge and greater heart might search for another option for both the mother and the crime.” I nod with a sweet smile. The audience member clasp and cheers for Starra. I sigh with brilliance.
Dirk lifts his palm and then calms the crowd, nodding with a grin, “That is an excellent suggestion, Countess!” I sigh with happiness.
“Thank you, your most humble and respected King Dirk.” I sigh with completion. The audience members start to cheer and clap again for Starra.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
Dirk wears a smile and scans the audience members and then views Starra jerking both of his arms in the air, shouting out loud. “I decree Starra as the replacement prisoner for the young mother and the young daughter’s crime for stealing an apple completing the sentence requirement of two days and nights inside the Prison Planet on Sahara.”
“What!” I gasp in shock. The audience members sound with streams of loud boos and strings of louder curses words at Dirk. Wow! I have tons of friends.
I swing my worried face and view Rann, who is missing inside his skybox. Rann has left the space dashing to the ground floor, because my fiancé is going to kill Dirk. I’m not dating Rann as his lovely girlfriend. I’m his fiancé with a diamond ring, an honor guard unit, and a wedding license. We’re getting married next month. I sigh with doom.
On top of the floor tiles, a side gray-tinted door violently slams into a standing Commerce honor guard. The swinging door ricochets backwards then closes shut. The guard stumbles forward falling face down on top of the floor. Some of the audience members laugh. Some of the audience members leave their seat assisting and then remove the injured person from the floor huddling in the wall corner. The other audience members continue to stand and shout strings of nasty words to Dirk. Dirk continues to stand and smiles at Starra.
The same gray-tinted door slams open again. Ambassador Ty and all the honor guards from the planets of Ice, Agri and Sahara appear. Each honor guard wears a tan colored uniform with a different colored satin sash and a brown tinted utility belt carrying an array of deadly weapons. They dash behind Ty.
Rann hears the roar of the crowd and feels the thunder of heavy footfalls then halts spinning around with a gasp, lifting his palm. Ty and the army of flying colorful sashes some to a halt on top of the floor. Ty nods in silence acknowledgement to Rann.
Rann swing back around and rushes ahead to Starra. He is not smiling and as his handsome face is etched in both concern and worry. He, also, has replaced his lovely black tinted satin sash with a black tinted function utility belt, full of deadly weapons. The love of my life Rann is armed to kill to Dirk.
Geez! I have started the next new Galactic Civil War. I stand like a fool and nervously smile without defending my person against the king. I feel frightened with the next steps that will affect the life forms of Rann, Ty, and me within the next five seconds. I sigh with doom.
Some of the Commerce honor guards stand from the seat and sneer at Rann. Rann dashes faster and slams into Starra’s back spine, hugging his princess in love and protection, acting like a manly shield. He leans down and lightly pecks her cheekbone whispering into her eardrum, “Don’t worry! No one’s going harm you. I promise.” The audience members continue to cheer and clap for their noble hero.
Prince Rann is the beloved Hero of the Universe rescuing his princess. I feel safe and secure inside Rann’s bowing arms. I have picked the right man in the right timeline. He is going defend my life with his life force.
I whisper back to him staring at Dirk, holding back my wet tears of worry, “I am so sorry, Rann.”
Time out! I am the great Tele Mistress Starra Starbelt from Planet Earth living in a new universe for the past 154 alien days. However, I am not afraid of Dirk and I have been trying my darnest to kill the ba…bad guy of the universe for 152 days from my existence here. It took two alien days to figure out that Lord Dirk really was trying to eliminate my person from his universe.
But I end up killed for various reasons and then exit from the old timeline, creating a new timeline. But each native I have encountered, directly or indirectly or killed, again, directly or indirectly, let’s be honest here, that native returns briefly to each newly created alien timeline and then dies again. That’s really sick and sad!
Anyways, my demon tale continues.
If my love Rann dies in the ninth alien timeline, then he will return to the tenth alien timeline and then dies as the ninth alien timeline is not projecting a healthy survival rate of my life force right now. So, I can battle and fight ripping out Dirk’s embedded tiara off his hair roots, but Rann cannot battle and fight against Dirk’s secretly hidden Tele powers. Thus, Rann will die and never return back to me within any future alien timelines, until I marry Rann.
However, I wanna marry Rann and Rann wants to marry me too. But Rann’s marriage plans take so long and require so many steps before the planned wedding day. So, I’m scared to death of Rann dying here, today, right now, not my ass. Thus, I do not attack Dirk and kill the ba…bad guy using all of my awesome Tele powers and my girly strength.
On top of the auditorium floor, surrounding by a half-circle of sneering Commerce honor guards, Rann smiles at the dangerous moment while defending his princess and whispers into her eardrum. “I love you, Starra,” he hugs her shivering body.
This is all my fault for playing a silly mental game against Dirk that he created. I fell then failed and finally lost the mental momentum. Then I lose and Rann will lose. We will both lose everything. Some of the dumber Commerce guards surrounded Rann. The audience members switch their noise and yell with loud boos, hisses, and boot stamps at Dirk’s rude and nasty soldiers.
One guard reaches out with his slender, pale-tinted hand then tries to touch Rann’s bicep. Rann whips his face to his assailant, “Go ahead! Give me a bloody cause!” He sneers and removes his arm outlining the smooth surface on his holster leather that hold his maser pistol on the utility belt. He pulls Starra closer into his heated chest. The audience members sound with strings of louder boos, hisses, and boot stomps.
Dirk continues to stand on top of the floor and smiles at Starra flipping his hand in the air, yelling over the noise using a kick of his telepathy ordering to his silly honor guards. “Release him and go back sitting down!” He drops his hand slapping the robes softly growling at Rann and Starra. The guards hear the mental command, not the vocal one due to the loud sounds coming from the anger crowds. Then each guard cowardly slithers, like a Sahara snake, moving backwards sitting down on the first row with the other natives watching Dirk. And Dirk is not afraid of Starra.
I have beaten Dirk and been beaten up by Dirk in numerous alien timelines but messing with Prince Rann is a different universal matter altogether. I sigh with victory.
Rann has more than friendly friends and allies coming from every planet on both sides of the Wall. Every native knows Rann. Every teenage and adult female dreams of marrying the handsome, rich, and talented hero, and each teenage and adult guy desires to portrait the handsome, rich, and talented hero. I sigh with my man.
Dirk knows these true facts, all too well. He isn’t going to provoke Rann into a new Civil War, where 99.99 percent of the men, women, teenagers, and children are ready to pounce on Dirk’s honor guards and the king’s body frame while defending Rann’s honor. I sigh with relief.
Dirk lifts his palm in the air then calms the rowdy crowd nodding with a smile, shouting to the rafters, “Rann, I know you and your beloved Starra are to be married next month. You have displayed great courage, deep love, and eternal passion for your future princess, but…”
The anger crowd roars in loud cheers for the hero Rann then starts a string of boos, hisses, and boot stamps for an evil Dirk.
Dirk continues to hold his palm in the air and executes a Tele slam into each mental mind, who does not naturally possess a Tele shield for protection and then quiets their physical rage.
His racing Tele probe slams into my neurons also. My head jerks sideways with slight pain. I quickly wrap a Tele shield around my mind and then stand upright still cuddling in-between Rann’s biceps, loud growling back at Dirk. I sigh with invasion.
Dirk shouts in his regular timber using his telepathy voice over the rustling audience members. The loud volume decreases drastically; but some of the natives are Teles too and continue to boo at Dirk while waving the universal bird at the king.
Dirk slaps his chest and shouts to his subjects. “I am the king. I decree the verdicts. Starra is a criminal…”
“…as you have decreed, Dirk. So, I will act as the replacement prisoner for my future princess Starra in her prisoner jail cell on the Prison Planet of Sahara, if you are pleased and rightly decree.” Rann smirks and stares at Dirk. The audience members react wildly standing and bumping into each other while loudly cheering and clapping for their hero Rann.
Great idea!
Anyways, Rann is the former owner of Planet Sahara. The majority of prisoner inmates admire and obey him. Rann and the new owner Ambassador Ty treat the prisoners with respect, kindness, and honor, like a buddy. The prisoner inmates would never hurt or harm Rann, treating him like a brother, joking about his great noble deed and sacrifice for his future princess bride. They will engage in numerous Conqueror card games inside the recreational room consuming alcoholic beverages all day and night, until the last prisoner passes out on top of the floor.
I like!
Rann is a sweet man taking the place of the young mother, her innocent daughter, and his future princess bride.  If every citizen doesn’t love Rann, then they do now. I sigh with love.
On top of the floor, Dirk turns and frowns at the rows of rowdy fans for Rann. Dirk had anticipated Starra’s sweet reaction to his bold declaration of imprisonment for the silly thievery of a ripen apple. Starra stands protectively in front of Rann and badly wants to react attacking Dirk. But she does not attack squirreling away her numerous Tele powers from both Dirk and the naive natives. Thus, she is accepting her prison sentence with honor and in secret. Then Dirk can order Starra taken from her prisoner cell to his castle finally concluding his personal revenge with her and her upcoming wormhole trip back into her galaxy.
However, Dirk had not anticipated Rann’s bold and brave move regarding Starra. Rann deeply loves and cares for Starra. Starra had been tattling that important to Dirk from the previous eight alien timelines. But Dirk didn’t believe Starra’s words. She is a teenage earthling without the experience or knowledge of love and life.
Now, Dirk cannot allow Rann to substitute as the replacement prisoner for Starra. Rann will have marvelous fun there at the prisoner castle that he had inherited through a marriage contract along with his royal noble title and his noble powers. Then a foot loose and fancy free Starra will run to the protection of Rann’s friends including Ty, who has become a new thorn in Dirk’s butthole.
Dirk quickly ponders a new solution to his newest mess then frowns at Rann, flipping his hand in the air and yawning first then softly speaks. “I have exhausted my royal decrees for the day.” The rowdy crowd greatly sounds in a mixed string of musical boos, hisses, and boot stamps.
Man, I have been setup and then trapped. And I am going to serve two days and nights inside a prisoner jail cell on the Prison Planet of hot, sizzling Sahara. I sigh with fear.
Rann is both loved and respected in the universe, because he loves and respects the Crown, the King, the Citizens, and the Universe, too. He follows all the orders, decrees, edicts, and laws, without question. So, Rann can’t revoke, revolt, or reverse Dirk’s kindly decision. I sigh with fear.
Dirk is the current king of the universe. I do not know how he attained that position. However, the current king is the law. The law is respected by all. In this instance, the current king is a rude, mean, lazy son of a ba…bad mother. But Dirk is the king, so noble Prince Rann has to respect, not like the current king. And King Dirk has not royal ordered an attack, an assault, and any harm to come to Rann without a proper royal reason…naw…treason. I sigh with future plans.
If Dick had shouted out his royal order, charge, kill, and terminate, Prince Rann, then the natives would have reacted, charged, and fought beside Rann killing all the devoted Commerce honor guards and the king. Instead Dirk presents an ugly yawn like a sleepy-headed infant baby and simply whimpers to his subjects: He is finished and tired for his afternoon slumber.
The Jubilation Day activities are done. Now, I’ll leave behind Rann on Commerce and serve my two days and nights inside a prisoner jail cell on Sahara. I slowly sob with streams of my wet hot rolling tears. I sigh with fear.
In front of the elevated stage, Dirk flips his hand and shouts out loud with a telepathic kick to his honor guards, “Come here and secure the newest prisoner for the Prison Planet.” The rowdy crowd sounds with strings of boos, hisses, and boot stomps. Some of the devoted fans of Rann rush down the bleachers steps and encounter a cold maser barrel from a devoted guard to Dirk and then halt their body frame with respect of life, not death.
The other Commerce guards rush ahead from the first bleacher rows and then surround Rann and Starra. The lead guard reaches out and tries to touch Starra. Rann wraps his body around Starra with love and whispers over her hair roots, “I’ll come along for the ride and escort you to Sahara.” He turns and growls at the captain of Dirk’s guards, “I will escort my princess to Sahara.” He uses her new royal title. They are not married but wants the guard to understand that Starra is under his protection. No one is going to harm her. Else, the other one will become harmed or dead. I sigh with true love.
“Prince Rann, your person and your personal assistance is required with me please.” Dirk continues to stand and nods with a sweet smile at Rann. The rowdy crowd wildly reacts and continues to sound louder with a string of boos, hisses, boot stomps and a stream of loud curse words towards Dirk.
“What!” Rann yells in shock and views Dirk pondering the new royal command, releasing Starra. I don’t mind as I am getting really heated or I am scared to death. I sigh with fear.
Dirk nods with a silly grin while talking with a string of telepathic words into Rann’s mind as the rowdy crowd prevents a soft or a loud conversation. “A new prisoner has a set of specific royal protocol orders to follow. You are the royal noble of Planet Agri. And I have many business transactions including numerous new food shipments for Commerce to discuss with you in my private chambers.” I sigh with deceptiveness.
Ty is an unknown Tele hearing the magical string of telepathic words coming from Dirk to Rann inside his own mind. He rushes ahead shouting at Dirk. “King Dirk, with your permission…” he collides into Rann and Starra accidentally. Rann swiftly upright their bodies without tumbling sideways into the circle of honor guards. Ty smiles and cuddles beside Rann’s arm balancing the three bodies, speaking to Dirk. “I will personally escort the newest prisoner from your royal decree today to her new prisoner cell on my noble world. I am, after all, the true noble of Sahara.” He smirks then steps sideways slowly bowing down at his fitted waistline to the Crown, like a polished diplomatic. The rowdy crowd switches its annoying boo sounds then wildly cheers, claps, whistles, and boot stomps for their newest hero Ty.
Dirk gasps in shock then softy growls at an annoying Ty pondering a new death act on the newest noble. He recalls with vivid clarity his two nasty royal orders against Ambassador Ty.


Within the third alien timeline, created by catalyst Starra, Ty died in Prince Rann’s arms from King Dirk’s kill order.

Within the fourth alien timeline, created by catalyst Starra, a dead Ty missed all the fun with King Dirk and his sidekick Queen Rita.

Within the fifth alien timeline, created by catalyst Starra, Ambassador Ty appeared alive and then was saved by alien teen Starra from King Dirk’s second kill order.


Dirk mentally flashes back present within the newly created ninth alien timeline and sneers at Ty, who continues to appear alive and well while interfering with Starra’s exit from the universe. Dirk is stumped with Ty’s continuous life force as the past dead natives and nobles briefly appear within the newly created timeline and then swiftly die of some type of related illness or physical death.
Once dead, always gone!
Such like, his girlfriend Viscountess Rita has died at her home after accidentally shooting off her naked foot with a maser hand gun.
One factor in Ty’s continuous life force is an irritating alien Starra. She saved Ty from a second permanent death, so be it. Dirk has learned the mysterious secret now, so he can trap then murder Ty for a third and finally death act while framing Starra with the nasty deed. Her new home is filled all types of ba…bad gals and guys that like currs but love to kill more.
Dirk exhales with annoyance then flips his hand in the air, spinning around with a wicked smile, shouting with evil laughter at Ty and the rows of screaming natives. “Carry on, Ty! I, King Dirk, dismiss all you from the Jubilation Day activities.” He executes a Tele grab at the small knob on the half-door underneath the stage platform slamming open the door, releasing a drifting white mist cloud up from the tiny holes in the air and over the floor tiles. He disguises his exit for fun and crouches down entering the tiny throne room. His honor guards swiftly retreat from the cuddle-huddle of Starra, Rann, and Ty and rows of moving natives dashing ahead to the stage platform, forming a straight line within the white cloud mist and cough with annoyance from the chemicals. They stand at attention and observe the wild, rowdy crowd.
Ty motions to the semi-crooked line of honor guards from the planets of Ice, Agri, and Sahara towards his position guarding Starra and Rann from the mob of happy fans. Some of the natives leave the building. Some of the natives continue to dance and cheer in the bleacher stands for their two heroes. Other natives rush from the bleacher seats and head towards Ty, Rann, and Starra.
Rann scoots around Starra and steps on her long dress train standing in front of his girl. The other honor guards swiftly form a human barrier around Ty, Starra, and Rann. Rann fakes a smile through his worried expression hugging Starra, pulling back, “I’ll be brief,” he plants a wet kiss on her pink-painted lips. He resurfaces and wears a touch of pink tinted lipstick on his own lips grinning with a goofy smile then hugs her again so tight that she also faints from a lack of oxygen flowing into her brain cells. The devoted fans surround the barrier of honor guards playfully slamming high-five palms and fist-bumps with the friendly soldiers trying to touch Ty or Rann or Starra.
I whisper with a stern face to Rann, “Don’t kill him…”
“…today. That death act will defiantly and definitely occur tomorrow,” he smiles.
“I love you a lot.”
“I love you more,” he smiles and hugs Starra again. I sigh with true love.
That’s our cute love expression for each other. Whichever fiancé says, I love you, first then adds the words, a lot. The other fiancé returns the tender phrase, I love you, more.
Cuddling Starra with love and protection, Rann looks up and views Ty, “Guard my princess with every life on Sahara, old friend!” He uses her new royal title. He wants Ty to understand how much their friendship means, and at the same time, how important Starra is to him.
“Trust me! I’ll not disappoint you, old buddy,” Ty smiles and slaps Rann’s bicep.
Rann slowly releases Starra and then gives her another wet kiss, resurfacing and wearing more her pink tinted lipstick and grins with a goofy smile. He slowly backsteps from Starra through a narrow pathway of empty air molecules provided by two lines of his honor guards preventing the hands and toes from the numerous screaming devoted fans from touching Rann. He waves his hand using his Tele talent clearing the annoying white mist from his face and smiles at Starra until, his boot heel slams into the bottom step on the short staircase, where a hidden half-door leads into a tiny throne room. Rann smiles at Starra one last time then spins around, kicking open the half-door, crouching down and disappears from her two moist eyeballs and the loud auditorium room of screaming fans.
Inside the human barrier of guards, Ty stands beside Starra and extends his arm to her. “Princess, I would be most honored to serve as your personal escort.” He enjoys exhibiting the noble etiquette.
I turn away from the white cloud and staircase presenting a fake smile to Ty, grabbing his arm tightly with both of my cupped hands for protection. “I accept,” I whisper with worry.
I do not know the proper noblette protocol as a convicted prisoner going to prisoner jail, do I cry, beg, or laugh? I sigh with panic.
Ty carefully shuffles through the lines of protective honor guards while playfully performing a friendly fist bumps with some of the devoted fans using the side door and exits the auditorium room, leaving the building and marches directly to a line of empty slots that hold the noble starships. Ty leads Starra to his parked carrier ship.
Ty’s girlfriend Joy, who was standing inside Rann’s Agri skybox, left hours ago in a different carrier starship from the auditorium setting, without seeing Dirk’s nasty royal behavior against Starra. Her parents always accompany her to Planet Commerce for love and protection while understanding that sometimes Ty must meet with Dirk. Joy waits at her home on Planet Agri with the bad news from Ty. He always protects his girl from the terrible event within the universe as her future noble husband.
And Ty extends his generous to Starra also. He has always displayed a friendly friendship and a noble duty towards her in each alien timeline. Inside the ninth alien timeline, Ty has proven a very good friend to both Rann and Starra too. I sigh with safety.
Well, I have visited and lounged inside a prisoner jail cell before on Planet Sahara on a number of terrible occasions within the previous eight alien timelines. However, my prison visitation was always both short and lonely sometimes deserving the required jail time, maybe. I sigh with teen-ass-ness.
Not this time! This is not my fault. I was helping a native from Dirk’s wrath, but Dirk purposefully trapped me within his devious evil plans. He has paid a few unkind prisoners inside the Sahara prison, waiting somewhere for me. But I have my Tele powers to use and abuse on any and all prisoners, who try to get in my Tele way, babe. I sigh with supernatural gifts.

Two hours later, on the 13th hour of mid-day, outside in the dull sunshine rays and cool air temperatures hitting the manicured lawn, the groves of garden trees and flowers, each strolling citizen, and the red tinted building, Ty quickly moves in silence with Starra then halts beside the open passenger door on his carrier ship.
A carrier ship always possesses a Pbot or pilot robot in the pilot’s chair flying the star craft for its owner. Up to four passengers lounge on top of a single wide and long rear bench seating. The trunk space holds six pieces of luggage.
A zipper ship displays two chairs in various colors and styles and requires a human pilot storing two pieces of luggage. A robot pilot can fly the star craft for its owner, but the fussy machine becomes possessive over its old metal friend not allowing the human owner to ever fly the starship again. So, a human pilot flies alone and lonely, without a human or metal friend, enjoying the super engine of massive power coming from the three afterburns.
A passenger or a freighter or a ram starship is always built in silver-tinted metals and is always flown by a Pbot carrying around human and/or man-made items inside its cargo bay.
Pbot has opened all the doors exposing the four metal doors for an attack. Just kidding!
His carrier details a soft, beige colored leather interior on each seat and around the softer parts on the front and side console.
I slide down into the rear bench seat in beige hue and wrap my dress around my body while mentally worrying about my new adventure, slowly scooting towards the middle section without leaning into the door frame. The interior compartment smells like apples and pine cones. Joy had ridden with her fiancé Ty to the weekly Jubilation Day activities.
Ty rushes around the front bumper sliding down on the opposite side of the shared bench seat snapping his fingers for the robot pilot. Pbot closes the doors and warms the engines at the same time then carefully launches up from the parking lot sailing into the semi-crooked rows of white tinted cloud and then leaves Planet Commerce.
Ty scoots then halts beside her reaching out, opening a hidden front panel with various refreshments and grabs two cold beverages. He hands one to her and offers his advice, “Starra, I don’t want you to worry about anything. We have special living sections just for the nobles and noblettes. Once or twice a year, a noble does cause some minor trouble. The king can order any citizen, noble, or commoner into a prisoner jail for any type of kingly crime. This is the royal law.” He nods then slips the cold beverage. I sign with knowledge.

I mentally flash backwards, into the third alien timeline, when Marquis Tok was assigned his own personal and private prisoner jail cell on Planet Sahara for losing a fist fight.

I mentally flash back present, within the ninth alien timeline, feeling the sweaty cold beverage between my ten finger pads, staring at the front windshield. I view a carpet of bright twinkling stars, neutron stars, globular clusters, and planetary nebulas that paint against a midnight dark background and ponder Ty’s wise words. I sigh with worry.
“You performed a brave act, Starra. Dirk was unfair to both the child and the mother, even though, they were his personal castle servants. He is wrong. He could have released the mother or the child from the minor crime, before my carrier ship touches down on Sahara.” Ty slips then swallows the cold liquid. I sigh with embarrassment.
I didn’t think of Dirk’s option. “I was trying to help them,” I look down and study the sweaty beverage. The water drops cover my two palms.
“I know. The citizens appreciate your noblette sacrifice. You’re a young noblette, Starra. Dirk enjoys playing his sick and mental mind games with all the nobles and noblettes. I’m glad that you’re marrying a bold noble next month. Rann, he’s an expert participant inside Dirk’s dark and twisted royal amusements. He outfoxes him every time,” Ty chuckles then slips the beverage.
I look up and stare at Ty, “Ty, can I tell you something?”
“Of course, anything, what is it, Starra?” He slips the beverage.
“I’m truly afraid.” I sigh with fear.
Dirk has performed an indirect act attacking my person within the previous eight alien timelines. Here inside the ninth alien time line, he has targeted and directly attacked my person in front of the universe of natives. Dirk is the current king and he can continue to trap me and then place my person in prison on the Prison Planet and Rann can’t stop Dirk. I cannot figure out Dirk’s next move as I am too emotional in both fear and love causing my Tele powers to not work. I sigh with fear.
He touches her forearm. “I promised Rann to protect you. I will with my life. Please trust me, Starra!”
“I do, but I’m feel scared,” my two eye sockets flood rolling off heated tears down both of my cheekbones.
Ty smiles, “There! There! You’re a young noblette, Starra. Everything will be fine and dandy there on my world.”
Our impromptu outer space trip takes 20 minutes from blasting off the soil on Planet Commerce, through the Wall and then sails into the second solar system while flying at the speed of sunlight. The carrier ship arrives without orbiting the world of Sahara painted in dull golds and yellow tones, without light blue fresh water ponds or rivers, only underground streams of fresh drinking water. Clouds do not form over the planet only massive destructive sand storms. Pbot dives the star craft down into the clear atmosphere swiftly gliding a few feet above the sizzling hot, golden tinted deserts arriving in early morning hours.


Planet Sahara
Castle proper of Ambassador Ty
Blinding sunshine rays and light blue skyline without clouds at 135ºF
7th hour (early morning)

The carrier ship smoothly lands on the second tier made of glittering golden nuggets at the infamous Sahara castle, where numerous small dining room, three banquet rooms, and numerous bedrooms are located for private guests of Ty. Pbot does not move from its pilot seat but opens all the doors. The carrier ship and the pilot robot will stay and rest here on top of the platform until Ty needs to travel off Sahara to another destination.
The Sahara castle is constructed of golden nuggets from the mines that lie below the mansion. The outside walls do not glitter from the bright sizzling sunrays, only appear yellowish-white. The castle is composed of golden tinted stone slabs that formed one, two, three, and upward tiers like an elegant staircase. Each tier displays numerous open, long, square-shaped protruding balconies. Each balcony is empty.
From the parked star craft, Ty slides off the seat and runs around the rear bumper then halts, extending his arm to Starra.
I scoot across the leather and slam my two spiked heels down on a concrete floor feeling the vibration snake up into my brain cells. I grab his arm then slowly stand upright feeling my two shaky kneecaps with a wiggling plantation skirt. I wish for a fresh change of clothes, but Ty isn’t married yet. There is not an ambassadress to exchange my gala dress into a new cute set of female garments.
So, I will continue to wear aqua tinted layers of fluffy and hot ruffles. The only other alternative is a pair of female prisoner jail cell clothes. I really didn’t want to walk around the prison floor with those particular clothes feeling and looking like a criminal, because I’m not a criminal. I didn’t commit a crime, since I was trapped by Dirk. I sigh with fear.
Ty and I slowly stroll from the parked ship through a wide and tall open archway into the large banquet room. The floor tiles, each side wall, and the ceiling sections are decorated in tiny gold nuggets from the underground mines that have been nicely smoothed into long lines of dull-looking golden paint.
Gold is a natural mineral that does not scar but scratches; does not rust but flakes, so teams of Hbots constantly clean the Sahara mansion getting the gold shiny.
The main furniture piece is a long dining room table in shiny gold without chairs and table arrangements. The entrance wall is a side wall leading into a tiny foyer for inspecting any invited or uninvited guests, but no one uses that entrance point. The other two walls hold scattered furniture pieces in golden tinted fabric that appears a little abused from years of ware and months of neglect.
Ty is the only noble that lives inside the castle proper and spends all his time with his girlfriend on Planet Agri. The prison complex runs itself using Ubots or U can’t run robots plus the devoted Sahara guards that guard the naught inmates.
The patio wall displays no glass window only air molecules displaying numerous parking spaces for visiting starships. Ty and Starra halt beside the first chair on the side of the table. He pulls out her chair and smiles. “I hope you’re hungry, Starra. There’s plenty of food, especially a newly baked chocolate cake for Rann’s princess.” I slide down in the chair and wait for my food plate staring at the far wall in dull gold hue. He stands upright and chuckles pointing at the lovely dessert tray. Every one of my friends and foes remember that I love my chocolate, in any format. 
Part of this delightful afternoon meal is my pre-wedding party at the swimming pool today. My personal luggage bags are packed inside Rann’s zipper. He’ll bring his person and my clothes in a few minutes, after finishing the pretend business transaction with Dirk. I sigh with loneliness.
Ty scoots down into the head chair not for show but to view her face while lightly chatting about her upcoming prisoner sentence. Wbot hovers on the opposite side of the table filling an individual plate with steaming food items then extend its metal arm towards Starra gently placing the item in front of her chest. Wbot duplicates his motion and settles a food plate in front of Ty.
Ty bites the food acting like a kind and gentleman.
I feel frazzled, depressed, and very sad. I sigh with pity.
I gingerly lift a golden tinted fork with my eating hand .001 inches up from the surface then produce a musical ting on the edge of the plate nitpicking at my food. I feel not happy, not hungry, not calm but safe, comfortable and secure with my friend Ty. I’m very pleased that he has personally escorted me on the ship and to the planet. He smiles at Starra between bites of food. I stare at the working Wbot.
Ty cuts the food, “He’ll back come, soonest, Starra. Dirk is purposefully going to delay his departure, until Rann concedes to his wishes.” That’s an entertaining working theory. I sigh with intrigue.
I turn and frown to Ty, “Is Dirk blackmailing Rann?” I sigh with curiosity.
He laughs without tossing his chewed food particles I the air like Dirk. “The word blackmail is a very strong term. Dirk and Rann are at odds with the food shipments. They’ve been debating this issue for a couple of months, now.”
“Why?”
“Rann wants to reduce the cost of food for all the citizens.” He says then eats the food.
I nod with a smile, “That’s a great idea. Rann is a very smart and generous noble with all his currs.”
“Unfortunately, the food cost will reduce the royal treasure chest for Dirk’s royal non-functional silly programs. The king will receive less currs.” He nods then eats the food.
I frown. “That’s not a great idea.”
“Rann has offered to supplement the difference in the cost with his own personal currs.”
I smile, “Rann is a nice man and a good noble.”
“Dirk does not want to accept the noble offer. Excuse the pun!” He chuckles then eats the food.
“But a cheaper almost free food cost will help all the citizens.”
“You’re correct.” Ty remarks.
“The young mother and her children need help. They need food. I wanted to help them.” I fight for the innocent.
“Starra, you’re a very nice girl and a good noble, also.” He nods then consumes the food.
I nod with a smile, “I guess that’s why I verbally attacked Dirk. He’s obligated to help his slaves and his citizens.” I sigh with innocence.
“Dirk is the king and he is going to do it the hard way…”
“… or Rann’s way…” I laugh with confidence. “Rann is planning to outfox Dirk at his own game by reducing the cost of food stuffs and then donating the excess currs to the citizens.”
“Exactly,” he winks then consumes the food.
“It’s a good thing a king is not elected here with this universe. Rann would win and then dethrone Dirk in a heartbeat.” I smile.
“What! What is an election? I…I’ve never heard that term before, Starra,” he frowns at her.
I gasp in alarm tattling about my Earth knowledge and flip my hand, “I mean, I don’t know everything as a young noble. Why would Dirk reject Rann’s generous offer? Is he afraid Rann will try to take the Crown from him?” I sigh with cover-up.
“No,” he says then eats the food.
“Okay! That is one of my most ridiculous statements. Rann doesn’t want to become the king ever.” I smile, “He wants to marry me, have nice children, and live happily on Agri.” I sigh with true love.
“Exactly,” he winks and consumes the food.
“If I know this and you know this, then why doesn’t Dirk know this?”
“Dirk is a mentally sick and twisted evil person, Starra. You saw the audience’s reactions to all of Dirk’s nasty kingly commands during the weekly Jubilation Day activities. All the citizens hate him, except for the ones he pays.” He consumes the food.
“Wow! This is a real political nightmare.” I stare at Ty, who enjoys his morning meal.
“It is.”
“Ty, what does any of these political issues have to do with me?” I sigh with confusion.
He swallows the food then wipes his dirty lips with the cloth placing the cloth on top of his empty plate, staring at Starra, “I do not know why Dirk continues to attack your noble person. I do believe that Dirk is getting to you to get at Rann. Anyways, Rann is both very upset and very angry that you are becoming targeted by Dirk.” Ty snaps his fingers. A metal limb extends from Wbot collecting the dirty plate, pulling the item on top of the serving tray. Ty slips the beverage.
“I told Rann not to kill him.” I laugh.
Ty remove the tumble then nods with chuckles, “I cautioned him with the exact same verbal warning, Starra.”
I gasp in alarm. Rann never obeys orders or follows advise. I say, “O my goodness! Rann will follow our advice, isn’t that right?” I sigh with worry. Rann might become angry then painfully blackened one of Dirk’s eye socket coming into his own personal jail cell, without Starra seeing him for weeks or months. Dirk is the stupid judge, jury, and king. I sigh with anger.
“Dirk will not be killed today.” Ty laughs. I rudely laugh again. Rann quoted the same exact words to Starra.
I cannot believe my excellent hearing as my sharp mind clicks with the same outrageous murderous mental thoughts regarding Dirk. Now, I know the hidden secret.
The citizens hate Dirk. The nobles hate Dirk. Ty hates Dirk. Rann hates Dirk. And I especially hate Dirk. Therefore, we all hate and plan to overthrow Dirk without a glorious and bloody fight. I need to finish my dinner and gain some physical strength for the coup. I sigh with masterstroke.
I feel happy and hungry stabbing the meat with my fork and the cake with my spoon. I stuff the steak first into my mouth chewing with delight. The food is delicious. I swallow the lump of meat then delight my tongue in sweet chocolate.
My Tele sense pings. Everything is fine.
“You eat a lot of food for a noblette, Starra,” Ty softly chuckles at her bad girly table manners.
“I hungry.” I talk with a mouth full of food then swallow the lump of food. I scrape the chocolate frosting off the rim of the plate licking the fork. The weird meal served during the breakfast hour on Sahara is good. I sigh with silliness.
Ty exhales with concern then softly speaks, “Rann will be here soonest.”
I lick my lips from the sticky chocolate then wipe my dirty mouth with the cloth napkin, mumbling to Ty, “I know. Patience is not a virtue with me.”
“Would you like to see your new room, Starra?” He nods with a fake smile. Starra is here to serve out a prison sentence as decreed by King Dirk. She or Ty or Rann cannot overrule that royal decision.
I drop the napkin on the floor and gasp in shock staring at Ty, dropping my smile. I whisper, “No.”
He slowly stands from his chair and shuffles to Starra assisting her to stand, softly saying over her hair roots. “I have prepared a very nice individual noble suite for you and Rann.” He slides sideways and stands beside Starra extending her arm.
I grab his arm with my cupped hand and reach down jerking the dress hem up from the floor with my other free hand, without tripping on my feet, falling flat on my floor. I exhale with annoyance and fear, softly saying, “O! A nice noble jail cell.”
Ty carefully moves with a stern face in silence slightly ahead leading Starra and her gala dress around the dining room table towards the rear wall that leads into a hidden hallway into the prison environment. They do not converse then halt in front of the golden mineral wall. Ty reaches out and presses a set of bumps that hides a row of buttons. A hidden panel on the wall silently and slowly opens revealing a dull, white-tinted hallway of mixed marble minerals without guards or a single piece of art work on the fourth floor, the prisoner section. I sigh with worry.
Ty leads ahead through the open archway then jerks Starra forward. She expresses hesitation and nervousness serving her short prison sentence inside a prisoner facility. They turn and slowly stroll down a smooth hallway without an ending approaching nicely spaced individual curved-out cubby holes built into each side wall that holds a work station and an individual prisoner guard.
Each guard wears an ugly beige tinted sleeveless uniform, a pair of matching athletic shoes, and a brown tinted, thick utility belt with numerous dark colored deadly weapons. Each guard salutes to Ty as Ty salutes back. I ignore them spotting individual golden tiny flakes in-between the white marble stone. I sigh with prisoner.
Ty passes the last pair of embedded cubby holes and views an open square-shaped archway in the short distance that leads into a new hallway in gray-tinted granite stone displays a spacious individual prisoner sleep unit curved-out on each side of the beautiful minerals looking like a small cold cave. Starra continues to stare down at the floor.
“Rann insisted that he attended the guard duty with you today.” He studies the new hallway seeing a set of floating guards that are supposed to observe any naught activities.
I look up and gasp in shock, turning to see the nose profile on Ty, “Guard duty! Why would Rann need to serve as a guard on duty for me? I’m safe here.” I sigh with danger.
He turns and smiles to Starra, “You are safe here. Rann is creating a noblette formality today.” I sigh with suspicion.
We elegantly stroll through the open archway like a couple on a mid-day walk stomping over the hard minerals of gray-tinted granite with tiny bits of black, yellow and red stones.
I look down and focus on the tiny bits of color within the dull gray hue feeling my fluttering stomach muscles, breathing in my swallow breathes, increasing my heart rate, and blinking my eyelashes with moisture. I sigh with imprisonment.
Ty pulls Starra to the left-side on the wall and points saying with a whisper into her cheekbone. “Guard station. Guard station and guard station, the same number of guards parallel each side going down this long hallway.” The guard station is a tiny room without a window and as each wall is filled with numerous beeping monitors of equipment pieces.
“Why aren’t there some guard stations on the other end?” I ask.
“The floor plan layout is a duplicate geometric pattern with an embedded individual prisoner sleep unit in-between each guard stations on the opposite ends of this hallway. But we aren’t going to visit all the way down that today.” Ty halts and points to a new prisoner unit. A Sahara honor guard from Ty’s personal noble security team opens one of the two doors revealing a square-shaped room without a single window missing the bright sunrays or the scorched golden sands or a parked lonely zipper ship that holds Rann.
“This is your new noblette suite for the next two days and nights.” Ty smiles. The room holds a single bed frame against the side wall with a set of bed linens with three pillow cases covered in golden hue.
Yeah, Rann has pondered Starra’s prisoner time and planned her confinement without seeing or hearing or touching or smelling another true prisoner of a true crime inside the prisoner facility.
I exhale with worry and softy state, smelling a lavender scent for a girl prisoner, staring in to the tiny room, “Very nice,” I don’t wanna be here. I wanna be present beside the swimming pool with Rann consuming numerous cold sugary beverages and splashing in the warm waters like a free citizen. I sigh with prisoner.
“The forward room is not your assigned noblette suit but a guard station and tonight this hot spot has been assigned and redecorated for Rann’s private sleeping chamber. I’ve added some sleeping furnishings for him.” He softly chuckles clearing the tense air waves, gently shoving Starra through the archway. She is a prisoner and must obey the prison rules, if she really isn’t a criminal.
I lead through the tiny room seeing ahead a set of double doors made of thick plates of steel with golden inlays and then halt. I sign with intrigue.
Ty scoots around Starra and opens one of the double doors revealing a secondary chamber decorated with the same golden theme. He enters the room then stops spinning around, extending his arms and nods with a smile. “Now, this is your new noblette suite.”
My new prisoner room is three times bigger than the tiny monitor station that holds golden-tinted hard furniture pieces and soft bed items. The bed frame is three times bigger than Rann’s. I feel terribly bad. Rann is a tall guy and stands five feet and ten inches compared to my shorter five feet body frame. He’s going to be crunched and crowded into a smaller, shorter bed mattress cuddling his tallness into a curved ball of pain and suffering while I live divinely in the lap of luxury compared to his tiny sleeping compartment inside the outer office space.
One side wall contains a built-in book shelf with numerous manual reading books and fun electronic entertainment machines for viewing entertainment programs without socializing with another prisoner. In the rear wall corner, a small eating table with two chairs. The table displays a large vase of red and pink tinted roses. I sigh with true love.
“Thank you for the tour of new noblette suite, Ty. My new place is a beautifully decorated room which is far too big for me. Rann should stay here instead. I’ll become very comfortable inside that smaller space and will fit more nicely on top of that shorter bed mattress also.” I smile with love at my loving suggestion.
Ty frowns and shakes his curls pointing to each side wall of hard, cold granite-coated stonework, “Starra, this particular prisoner compartment was selected for you. No one can come through that wall or that wall or that wall without any of the external guards, humans, and machines knowing of their invasion. Rann will be staying inside the outer room. No one is coming through those steel-plated doors unless…”
“Thank you.” I exhale with worry then nod with a stern face. “I completely understand, Ty.” I sigh with fear.
“This specific noblette arrangement is for your protection by Rann, of course, because he loves you so much and is planning your wedding ceremony next month.”
I fake a smile and nod several times to Ty, “If my fiancé ordered it, then I’m not going to disagree with him,” I accept the extra body protection of my petite-ness. I sigh with danger.
“Good girl!” Ty smiles and kisses a bare right hand of knuckles like a good gentleman as I nosily sigh and deeply breathe planting a fake smile.
I honestly lie, “Well, I’m really mentally tired and emotionally exhausted. I’m going to take a little nap. Please wake me when Rann arrives here at your castle.”
He nods, “I’ll do better than that. Rann will come here and awake you, after he arrives.”
I clap with happiness and a bright smile, “Yes, I like. That’s an excellent idea.” I slowly spin around moving ahead towards a circular bed mattress with neatly pressed gold tinted sheet, a bedcover, and a several round and square-shaped pillow.
He slowly back steps from Starra towards the open archway watching her behavior, telling the encouraging words, “Don’t worry! He’s on his way. The rest of your prison sentence will make the time pass quickly. Good night, Starra.”
I stop and touch the pillows, “Thank you, Ty. I’m very grateful and appreciative for your company.” I view and smile at Ty. I sigh with nervousness.
“My pleasure and my service to you, princess!” Ty stops then taps his boot heels together then slowly bows at a fitted waistline to Starra. He back steps into semi-busy hallway then swings around turning to face the entrance archway into the recreational area with roaming prisoners and working business conference room and offices. He departs the hallway of prisoner sleeping units and Starra, who is Rann’s future bride and safe from any of Dirk’s planned attackers.
Inside my new place, a prisoner sleeping unit, I stare at the open archway which slowly closes shut protecting my body from one or more of Dirk’s planned attackers. Yeah, I can hear Ty’s thoughts also. I wish Rann would marry me today at the Sahara castle. Ty is authorized to marry anyone. I miss Rann but feel safe. And my stomach is filled with good food. My short catnap is going to be feel wonderful, after a day of terrible event including seeing Dirk. Rann will get here soonest. Ty says so and I believe him.
When Rann awakens me from my restful slumber, we’ll take a late evening swim in the pool and stroll on top of the sun roof enjoying the quiet evening together in the bright romance moon light.
I return and smile at the lovely bed frame for a girl then try to crawl onto the high bed mattress then slip back down on the floor. My puffy dress is preventing my slumber. I slide off the four crinolines down on the floor and then crawl over the clean bedcover in my dirty dress placing my nose profile on top of the satin pillow case, exhaling with exhaustion. I close two gray tinted eyelashes dreaming of Rann, feeling extreme happiness.

Three hours later, the 10th hour on a blistering mid-day with tons of heated waves as some of the guards and working prisoners always descript yellow and pink tinted images of drifting sands, which is not real but fooled for beauty by the harsh planet.
Inside my prisoner sleeping unit, on top of the soft bed mattress, I abruptly awake seeing no hovering human face or a metal machine beside my petite-ness, instead hearing a set of loud bells, shrieking whistles, and piercing alarms attacking delicate my eardrums.
My Tele powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
I smell a bitter familiar, dangerous odor drifting into my two nose holes. Smoke! There’s something on fire.
I perform a Tele lift upwards from a sideways horizontal flat pose using my telekinesis. Yeah, it’s impressed. I halt and then execute a Tele walk still wearing the dirty Jubilation Day aqua tinted, ankle-length gala gown. I float in the air and flip my hand performing a Tele slam into the lock and bolted double doors. Both doors shut open slamming into nothingness viewing an empty outer monitoring station without glowing lights or beeping buttons or my fiancé Rann. I continue to float in the air without finding Rann, Ty, or a prisoner guard. I quickly exit the outer room and halt inside an open archway smelling the smoke odor and hearing the panicked yells.
I scan down each side of the corridor and execute a Tele probe viewing numerous small and large-sized separate red and yellow colored fire on the far end as both bots and guards are fighting a tall wall of blistering flames. Both white and black colored smoke fill an empty hallway quickly. In a few more seconds, the entire hallway will become engulfed in streams of nasty un-breathable air molecules and all will die of smoke inhalation.
I must help the other prisoners escape. That’s a stupid pun, Starra!
I exit the room and fly in the air sideways to the next prisoner sleeping unit that lies in pathway of the drifting smoke slamming into a prisoner door made of horizontal steel bars, performing a Tele pull on the thick metal hingers. The door barely moves. I exhale with worry then executes a Tele jerk on the non-bent thick metal hingers barely shuffling the door. I yell in distress, “Stang! The door is still locked and bolted.” The prisoner male drools over the bars and yells at Starra for help.
I perform a Tele probe and view the length of the long hallway. Each freaking prisoner door is locked as each trapped prisoner is screaming in panic. The drifting smoke with suffocate each prisoner and then heat the steel mineral burning the dead body. My Tele eyeballs search further for some of the prisoner guards.
The male prisoner carefully wiggles his muscular forearm of colorful tattoos through the two bars and as his hand points to the side wall. “Main handle is over! Go and drop the handle down opening all the doors!”
“Yeah! Yeah! Got it!” I execute another Tele jerk with all of mighty Tele powers then shove the metal bars into the upper archway. The door slowly shifts into the hard granite. I grunt in worry and continue to thrust bending the metal bars into the hard granite archway. The bottom of the prisoner door lifts high enough for the prisoner.
“Great girl! I can slide out on my stomach. Go! Go! Go and slam the handle down…” He drops down the floor and starts wiggling his horizontal body underneath the cracked door space.
“Yeah! Yeah!” I continue to float in the air waves and slowly back step turning to face the drifting cloud of black tinted suffocating smoke and perform a Tele run passing the red tinted wall that holds the power control panel. I execute a Tele halt then fly backwards stopping beside the red tinted wall. Within the wall, a red tinted panel hides the gear box. I turn to face the wall then reach out, touching the panel feeling the cold metal and then slam open a tiny vertical door. The metal handle is gone missing. The handle level hasn’t been completely sawed, hacked or whacked but removed by a tool screwdriver. The loose screws line the pocket of the door casing with an unknown reason. I sigh with dread.
This is a deadly sabotage action against me, but I ain’t going to be the only burnt victim in here today. There’s not a remnant, stub, or stump to hold and then jerk down an embedded handle pin opening all the prison doors simultaneously.
“Stang!” I sing in worry. All will die.
I gently place my index finger nail even with the broken handle pin then execute a Tele touch using my telemetabolics. An invisible heated tiny wave emerges from my nicely manicured fingernail then grabs the inner mechanism metal pin on the moving rotor, very carefully. The heat wave from my telemetabolics is used to mend and then heal a skin cut on the body flesh and bleeding tissue and broken bone parts.
Here in front of the broken handle pin, I can purposefully solder a single metal pin into the metal rotors together like closing a bleeding wound on my forearm tissue. Then the mechanical part will be cemented permanently in place and embedded into the casing that will allow another citizen access to the inner control mechanic metal mechanisms. Do you like them ‘m’ sounds?
I slowly shift my invisible handle down downwards until it clicks in place within my two Tele eardrums.
Each prisoner door pops open with a soft ping then unlocks with a tiny squeak of well-oiled metal I spin in the air and fly towards the first unlocked prisoner sleeping unit that is unlatched but is swinging open for a departing prisoner. I sigh with curiosity.
I execute a Tele halt and study the shut prisoner door reaching out, touching the metal. The door lacks power. The entire electrical, mechanical, and chemical systems inside this huge prison complex is operated on tons of solar energy beams coming from the solar sun which is close enough to burn out your pair of colored retinas. The solar sun plus the moon beams does not stop generating both heat and light continuous on Sahara for 20 hours each day and 300 days a year (That’s a Sahara time and calendar).
I continue to float in the air in front of the first prisoner sleeping unit. I perform a Tele probe using my telepathy scanning the inner guts within the solar controls housed in the engineering room on the first floor. Someone has cut into and then cut off a series of cables feeding all the solar batteries.
I’m not an engineer, I’m a farmer.

I mentally flash backwards to Planet Earth, where I lived inside an enclosed solar ecosphere operating on solar sun light.

I mentally flash back present and stare at the prisoner door. All solar batteries must become re-charged as each solar battery is a conduit harnessing and harassing both heat and light while transporting an invisible heated solar energy source into a piece of metal for the physical movement to the mechanic devices.
Then I perform a second Tele probe at the mechanic metal switch holding thousands of metal and glass conduits for maximum operational functionality here at the prison complex. If the unknown saboteur hasn’t physically stolen them, then the regeneration of all the dead solar batteries will take long hours, maybe days to replenish and create a steady electronic charge field as the prisoner complex is a nice piece of square footage.
The heated fire flames are swiftly advancing, and the white smoke is thickening the regular air molecules. I roughly cough, because I’m going to die with the other prisoners. I sigh with panic.
Don’t panic, Starra!
Go to Plan B, which is the manual labor plan! I swirl, face, and Tele dash into the cloud of black smoke and red tinted fireballs, yeah, baby. I execute a Tele shove with my palm at each unlocked but non-operational prisoner door sweeping the heavy door open for each prisoner. The weight on the heavy door shakes violently and then shimmies sideways roughly opening and then sometimes falling off its hinges with a loud boom. I sigh with powerful.
Did I do that?
“Move! Move! Move!” I scream over the roaring fireballs and blinding black smoke flying in the air towards the wall of flames. Each prisoner leaves their sleeping unit and runs in the opposite direction.
A prisoner yells to Starra while escaping the fire with his life, “Thanks!”
I do not respond but roughly cough out the thin smoke particles into my two healthy lungs while continuing to Tele slap each unlocked prisoner door.
“Help me! Help me! Help me!” I execute a Tele yell to the hovering bots and working Sahara prison guards in the far distance. I fly pass office units then fly across the floor touching each door one at a time as each prisoner successfully escapes from the fire blaze crying, screaming, and yelling down into a clear hallway.
Some prisoners volunteer to assist Starra but lack her Tele strength as the metal steel door is a lot heavier than its looks. The bots can easily open a prisoner door using one of its mechanical rotors plus its metal steel strength. The fireball quickly spreads coming down an empty hallway encompassing both prisoners and guards. The bots are enclosed and surrounded by black smoke and yellow tinted firewall supervised by a remote-control voice device from numerous Sahara guards.
“Help! Help!” A prisoner shouts out loud in front of the wall of fire.
I continue to work, execute a Tele pinpoint at the yelling human then halt beside the open prisoner door. 
A short female prisoner is trying to drag a larger female prisoner from the prisoner bed mattress towards the open archway for safety.
I yell with a Tele kick to a group of guards, “Wounded come over here!”
A guard appears beside Starra, “She’s injured. Got her!”
“Go! Go! Go!” I fly ahead to the guard station on the opposite end of the hallway ducking inside for gulps of fresh air and cool air temperatures over my heated body. The heated air is intense, and the smoke is thickening. I roughly cough from the lack of clean oxygen. I squat on my hemline kneecaps near the back wall closing my two gray tinted eyelashes.
I execute a Tele scan with my telepathy on the entire hallway down to the other side of the guard stations carefully searching for an overlooked or hurt prisoner. I sigh with doom.
I feel death lingering within air waves. Some prisoners have expired. Other prisoners are almost expired. Some prisoners are suffering overcome with smoke or fear, drawing two breathes of life. They’re surrounded by black smoke, intense red flames, and whitish-blue heat. I can’t help them. No one can help them. The prisoners are located beyond the safety line of heated fire drawn and are guarded by Ubots.
Some robots are useless, as well. The metal robotic outer shell of steel can’t survive the intense 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit of heat coming from the continuous wall of yellow and red fire. Some robots are metal melting dropping numerous gooey parts down forming a puddle of fire and water on top of the floor.
Back inside the protective guard station room, I perform a Tele scan moving backwards from my position whispering for my eardrums only, “Clear! Clear! Clear! Clear! Wait!”
I sense a prisoner inside their sleeping unit shouting for her life. The prisoner door is open but jammed. The metal bars are jammed by three fourths of the distance inside the jail archway frame. The female prisoner is a big boned girl with a set of massive shoulders, two big arms, and two powerful muscular legs, thus an athletic. Based on her body size she can’t fit her body frame through the small opening.
Realizing that a cowardly Sahara prison guard assisting here has left her to die, when I find that particular guard, I will tattle to Rann. Next, Rann will beat the guard’s body black and blue. I sigh with fury.
I perform a Tele slide with my telekinesis on the jammed door open appearing like magic to a pair of naked eyeballs. The female prisoner doesn’t hesitate then leaves her imprisonment, dashing quickly away from her sleeping unit down a heated floor on a pair of golden-tinted sneakers with the speed of Resort lioness. She is both fast and quick on her big feet reaching the exit door safely. The black smoke thickens and enters the guard station room huntin for Starra. Each bot is badly malfunctioning from the wall of heated fire.
Inside the guard station room, my two eyeballs appear both red and watery and as I am becoming dangerously blind. The skirt on my gown is missing some of the rows of ruffles and is seared from the flames wearing piles of gray tinted ashes. I’m a walking fire hazard. However, if one tiny flying heated ash hits my cloth dress, then I’ll catch fire. I sign with heat.
I have completed my Tele probe seeing no other life form left behind within the smoky, long hallway that leads into the recreational room, where the fire wall originally started. My Tele probe views the opposite end of the long hallway also.
Two of the smarter guards have drilled a large ugly, geometric zigzag-patterned hole into the locked and sealed red colored exit door which is dead without a ting of solar energy is dead. The crouched prisoners in a line have almost shuffled through the rough opening for safety purposes.
“Time to leave, Starra!” I whisper for my eardrums.
I stand upright then hike my dirty skirt and four crinolines up over my naked kneecaps and perform a Tele lift from the floor, carefully performing a Tele walk in the smoky air waves. I exhale in both belief and relief that all the surviving the prisoners are safe and sound feeling the heavy gemstones around my throat muscles. The heavy stones slam into my tender skin tissue with great pain as I swiftly fly away from the fire wall for my safety. I sigh with danger.
My fiancé Rann is a very gracious, generous man with his gifts. I, now, possess every colored stone in the form of jewelry pieces, created and designed by Rann, coming from all the Sahara mines that are deeply buried within the inner guts of the orange-colored caves.
At my Ice mansion, inside my bedroom setting, on top of the floor, I possess necklaces, earrings, headbands, bracelets, rings, belts, and tiaras in different shapes and sizes. For the Jubilation Day, my dress is shaped like a musical bell forming a narrow collar bone going down wider towards my two naked feet. The bottom hemline is wide and curved around the skirt with rows and rows and rows of aqua-tinted soft ruffles flowing upwards showing off my tiny waistline. A soft cloth belt with a big gemstone is tied around my waistline.
The bodice is flat with no decorations of bows, ruffles, and sequins and is a sleeveless top fitted to my chest. The necklace shows off my dark suntanned collar bone, if you can see them between the set of huge gemstones. The huge gemstones form a full circle around the neck muscles showing the future bride princess to Prince Rann. My long wavy silver-tinted hair strands were up and tightened into a hair bun but that dropped down when I jumped from the second story noble window to murder Dirk. I sigh with loss.
At the start of Jubilation Day activities, both of my arms were lined with a pair of aqua elbow-length gloves. My body displayed like a jewelry case consisting of a matching tiara, a necklace, two earrings, and two bracelets. Near the close of Jubilation day, I stripped alone and lonely leaving behind the tiara, the two earrings, the two bracelets, and the pair of gloves on the floor. My Gbot will clean up the mess on the floor of the noble compartment, once King Dirk had turned Starra into a kingly prisoner. I sigh with defeat.
But I’m lucky girl today. I almost removed all my jewelry collection, before jumping from a second story noble compartment, landing down on a hard surface floor like a smart-ass superhero. Then I got into a hot and heated verbally illogical debate with Dirk.
Now, I am an unlucky girl and have ended up here in prison, after that my hot and heated verbal illogical debate with King Dirk. I sigh with dumb-ness.
The hallway is dark covered in thick black smoke. A single ray of dull light shines at the end of the darkness glowing from the damaged exit door. I fly faster in the air waves through the jagged opening then hang in the air waves. The rear hemline attacks…naw…attaches onto numerous sharp edges. I jerk using my girly strength then fall forwards down towards the golden tinted concrete floor executing a Tele tuck with my telekinesis and dip my chin down into my chest. I perform a Tele glide into a body forward roll a few inches above the length of the staircase due to the uneven distribution of a fluffy gown and two heeled sandals breaking my neck. Then I execute a lousy Tele land directly on my back spine on top of a dirty granite floor grunting without pain but in frightful fun. I ain’t hurt but the cool air waves feel good onto my sweaty tired body. I sigh with resting.
My assigned unit of guards from Ty, who had sworn a promise to keep me from harm, are exhibiting a series of small heart attacks, if they are watching my non-noblette performance on top of the 2nd floor recreational room setting. If I become harmed or hurt, then my assigned body guards do not receive their golden triangle currs from Rann or get a beating from my prince. Everything and everyone operate on currs. I sigh with annoyance.
On top of the floor, my eyeballs view the bulky rows of ruffles on my skirt. I hope no one noticed my tripping action. I sigh with embarrassment.
My Tele eyeballs adjust in the far distance along the opposite side wall and view a long human chain of guards corralling the wandering prisoners. The bots, with different beginning alphabetic letters, are rearranging the prison furniture inside a series of smaller side rooms lining a new empty hallway on the second floor.
My sharp mind accesses the schematic of the prison floor plans.
The second floor is the visitation area for all the loving family members to see and interact with the prisoner inmates during their recreational and private time on the Prison Planet. A main room is the size of a football field with individual visitation room that measures 13 feet high by 13 feet wide by 13 feet depth for two citizens plus their children for eating, talking, and sleeping as a family unit for two Sahara days. The individual prisoner suite is open 20 hours per day, five days a week for a family and friend visitation.
This is a perfect backup arrangement for housing all the displaced prisoners, of course, as this place is Rann’s brilliant design.
I see more commotion in the far distance. A line of wounded and burned inmates are hand-carried on top of a wooden medical cot down to the first floor for clinical triage and medical assessment by a fleet of Bbot robots that resides inside the medical ward.
I continue to lay in a pile of messy fabric and sweaty curls on top of the cool, hard tinted granite floor. I saved my person and most of the prisoners from the deliberate fire.
I close my two gray tinted eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
“What’s so funny, Countess?” A deep husky alto voice stands over a grounded Starra. I sigh with puzzlement.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
I blink my two eyelashes open and view a female.
The female prisoner in a dirty golden tinted jumpsuit smiles and stands over a grounded Starra wearing a head of medium-length black colored hair and a pair of two dancing dark brown eyes. She possesses only one earlobe.
This girl is ugly in her face consisting of a rearranged nose, three missing teeth, and a black fabric patch over her left-side eye socket. She is both tall and athletic aiming a fully charged black maser at Starra.
“You,” I laugh and lie on the floor answering her smart-ass question.
Now, I understand Ty’s statement using the words, an overprotective safety precaution security protocol.
She’s an assassin here to assassin Starra. I sigh with death.
I perform a Tele search using my teleclairvoyance of past history seeing a true convicted, trialed, punished, sentenced criminal from Dirk’s justice system.
Making the female prisoner stand in the right place and Starra in the wrong place. We should have never ever met here today. But I’m half-way re-freshed and re-energized with my Tele powers taking a butt-kick from the heated wall of fire. My Tele powers are good enough to take her on, so I feel very sorry for her person. I sigh with confidence.
I’m going to take all my feelings of fury, frustration, and fun out on this poor ugly stooge, who happens to work for the second poor ugly stooge within the universe, Dirk. I wonder where the third poor ugly stooge named Rita rests. I sigh with death.
On top of the floor, the assassin has planted her two big feet planted in-between Starra’s waistline avoiding the lump of ruffled fabric that hides the corral of prisoners and human chain of guards.
The air waves shift within the room and activates my teleclairvoyance. The assassin is about to do something really bad to Starra.

The assassin will lift her left leg and smash her soft fabric shoe leather into Starra’s stomach muscles before killing Starra with the maser wave.

Not today, honey!
I swiftly execute a Tele leg kick using my telekinesis into her blinded backside plowing my sandal sole into her spine sternum. Her tallness flies forward gliding like an Agri bird in the air towards the exit archway and then hits two standing guards marking a new blackened beauty spot on her ugly face. She knocks the two bulky prison guards into an unconsciousness state on top of the dirty exit door floor tiles. Her maser weapon sails up the staircase and lands on the fourth step.
I execute a Tele leap from the floor then swiftly perform a Tele twirl using my telekinesis landing on top of the floor, facing my assassin and the exit archway. The assassin lies a few feet from the two unconscious guards inside the archway on top of the floor, lifting her face, slowly shaking her curls away from her newly swollen red tinted face. But I’m the one really miffed off now when encountering death. I sigh with revenge.
The assassin slowly stands on her two kneecaps on top of the hard granite bracing her back spine against the door frame, assisting her tallness to stand.
Wrong move, honey!
She can’t read my fighting stance inside my southern belle ball gown planting my two sandals apart in an offensive mode while readying to kick, punch, knock, and hit using my pointy sharp sandal heels. The assassin smiles with ease and draws out a gold-plated, six-inched dagger from the pocket on dirty prisoner jumpsuit with her right hand then entertainingly tosses the weapon into her cupped left hand, a gift from Dirk. Dirk likes giving tiny sharp presents to his citizens, as well as, killing them dead too. She tosses the dagger back into her right fighting hand.
Not impressed, honey!
The assassin charges ahead snorting an invisible stream of heated nostril breathes performing an air-slicing maneuver, like strumming an invisible air guitar, with her shiny tiny blade side to side, up, down, and all over the empty air space between her and Starra. I sigh with caution.
I watch and observe her careful snaky dance as the air wave shifts around my face feeling my teleclairvoyance. The tiny dagger rises upwards to the rafters, then twirls over her black tinted hair roots, and then pulls away from her body and aims at Starra.
I exhale with annoyance and tire of her snake dance, stomping one sandal forward, kicking my leg at her unprotected stomach. She’s smarter and grabs Starra’s exposed naked ankle twisting Starra’s leg, forcing the countess down towards the hard floor.
I execute a Tele lift in the air and magical float above the floor then perform a Tele dive before slapping a Tele bubble around my air-borne body. The assassin releases Starra’s leg then back steps smiling at the face collide on the face. I painfully hit a hard floor on my arm rolling over and land on my back spine within a pile of fluffy skirt fabric. “Ugh!”
Man, that hurt! I see a night sky of tiny stars colored in bright yellow and white lights within two dizzy eyeballs. I sigh with pain.
I close then open my eyelashes.
The Assassin is presence squatting on her kneecaps and slices her dagger’s blade against Starra’s throat. I sigh with attack.
I feel an immediate constricted pressure and can’t breathe. I’m cut. She cut my throat muscles. I’m going to die and leave the ninth alien timeline without marrying Rann. The sensation of suffocation tightens within my chest, and I can’t breathe in fresh air molecules. I sigh with death.
I’m in a death state still viewing her. The ugly assassin smiles with the three missing teeth and an earlobe and an eye patch over one damaged or missing eyeball. I always imagined the afterlife events a little different from this current foto. I sigh with death.
When the tight pressure around my throat releases, I’m breathing in and out within my moving chest cavity while sucking in tons of fresh air molecules. I don’t feel any throbbing pain I wiggle my collar bones sideways hearing a series of tiny ping sounds.
Each gemstone drops from my necklace bouncing first then rolling second and finally settling on top of the dirty floor surrounding my ground body. I sigh with happiness.
The assassin’s blade had cut down into the rope cord on my necklace holding all the lovely gemstones. The string broke and then released all the loose stones that lovingly surround my body.
I’m not dead, ya’ll.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
I react and swiftly roll sideways slamming into the side wall of smooth dull, golden paint with my back spine. Then I execute a Tele view using my teleclairvoyance.

A tall figure barges through the exit door archway slamming into the back spine on the assassin, shoving her body in forward motion along with a flying figure. The assassin and the figure both fall on top of the hard floor.

Next in real time and place and space, a wayward prisoner in a dirty golden tinted jumpsuit fleeing the fire wall sails through the exit door archway without screaming but sweaty. The assassin slowly wobbles and then stands upright sneering down at a grounded Starra. The prisoner slams into the upright assassin.
Hey, I recognize that particular prisoner. She is the athletic female prisoner with her weaved hair and two muscular legs coming from the jammed prisoner door.
Both females stumble forward and roll over the hard floor. The assassin detaches from the huddle first then swiftly stands shaking her brains into consciousness, sneering down at her new assailant. She squats down and grabs the dizzy prisoner by the neck muscles. The prisoner slowly stands in both pain and confusion facing the assassin. The assassin pulls out a maser pistol from the hidden pocket pointing the cold barrel at the earlobe on the prisoners.
I gasp in alarm and stare at the upcoming murder scene. I sigh with death.
My Tele senses ping. Everything is fine.
Rapid movement on my side breaks my eyesight. I twist to see two tall figures in the far distance away from the opposite wall, the human chain of guards, and the herd of wandering prisoners.
Prince Rann is here standing beside his friend Ambassador Ty aiming the cold barrel on his maser pistol at his new target. I trace his arm and view his target, the ugly assassin. 
However, the tall, slender, and strong assassin cuddles the innocent prisoner still aiming the maser at the earlobe.
I gasp in alert and do not need my Tele powers for the bloody conclusion. The prisoner stands in the line of fire, whom I had saved from the wall of fire. Rann plans to kill both of them while defending his princess bride Starra. I sigh with panic.
Ty slams Rann’s shooting arm down towards the floor then pulls his own maser pistol and shoots. His aim is both accurate and deadly towards the assassin.
I swiftly react and execute a Tele leap using my telekinesis away from the painted wall flying in the air then perform a T-dash and then execute a T-drag on the prisoner I execute a T-jerk and wrap the taller and heavy prisoner in front of my petite body performing a T-lift off the floor flying the air then crash into the forward wall of golden paint.
I sing in pain, “Ouch!”
Wo-man, that hurt! 
The prisoner flings off the painted wall then painfully lands on top of Starra resting in a safe horizontal position. I slam down on the floor and as my bone skull throbs with a headache. I’m not really hurt using my Tele bubble sorta, but I can’t move a limb. I turn and view the assassin.
The red maser wave hits the assassin. She tumbles backwards covered in fireballs covering her body landing on top of the floor in a vertical pose as her pale colored flesh skin, numerous hard bones, and all her organs bubble first and then melt into a long puddle of pink tinted goo. I sigh with sickness.
You don’t have time to scream out in verbal pain during the red wave of sizzling heat. The flame intensity is both violent and swift. The outcome is deadly. The result is a terminal painful death. The assassin is dead. Her burnt body expires with the last breath of life. I sigh with relief.
On top of my body, the prisoner is half-conscious and half-stunned still laying in a horizontal pose over my legs. I sigh with aid.
My hero Rann races across the floor before his buddy Ty and thirteen Sahara honor guards then arrives jerking the prisoner from Starra. The body of semi-conscious prisoner rolls over the floor away from Starra then tumbles upright standing in front of a guard. She shakes off the dizziness and checks her body for any type of minor major injuries.
Rann drops to one knee and gently cradles Starra, who still lies on the floor. He scans her body for any injuries, “Are you hurt, sweetheart? Do you require a Bbot, Starra!?”
I do not laugh as I appear in need but do not need aid. A hovering medical stretcher appears behind Rann from the medical supplies used to aid the other injured inmates.
I ain’t hurt, darling! My awesomely secret Tele talents saved me, ya’ll.
“I’m fine,” I sing and smile at my man.
He still presents a worried brow, “I’m so sorry, princess. I was delayed. I should’ve been here. You’d have never been attacked. Please forgive me, princess!” He appears sweetly concerned and worried for her safety. I sigh with true love.
“You’re forgiven, Rann,” I struggle to stand.
He exhales with relief and assists Starra to stand appearing happier now and wants to gossip about his newest accomplishment. He smiles and whispers into her eardrum, “Dirk’s new matches are quite convoluted and complex. I find myself both intrigued and annoyed all at the same time. But that’s not an important topic at the moment. Are you alright? Can you stand without injury, princess?” He cuddles her into his body.
“Yes. I can…” and keep calling me princess. I sigh with true love.
“Please, allow me carry you.” He shifts his hands down to her waistline.
“No, I can walk…” and keep calling me, princess.
Ty appears and stands beside Starra. Rann turns and sneers at Ty. “Where were her guards?”
“Do not question Ty! This is not his fault. It was…”
“Not here!” Ty shifts his eyeballs side to side seeking the spies, “We need to talk about this incident.”
“Incident! This was not an incident.” Rann sneers, “Where do we talk in private?”
“This way!” Ty leads and heads down the side wall towards a new hallway with numerous visitation stations collected to the main recreational area. Rann paces swiftly ahead trying to catch Ty dragging Starra by her arm.
“Slow down,” I softly mutter between my oxygen breathes and loud whistles surrounding us. I should’ve let Rann carry me, since I didn’t realize how tired I was from the fire rescue, fighting an assassin and saving a prisoner. We reach the first visitation station in fifteen seconds flat. Yeah, I counted. A lonely guard guards the door then opens the wood revealing a small room without windows. We follow behind Ty.
“We’re leaving,” Rann stops and stands in front of a short foot stool, sitting down and pulls Starra closer his naked chest making her even in height. Rann measures five feet and ten inches compared to her petite body frame of five feet and one inch.
He plants his hands around her waist kissing her cheekbone then whispers into her face, “Don’t worry! I’m getting you out of here, since this place is too dangerous for you to stay here.” I sigh with shock.
Ty stands in the middle of the room and wears a sour frown. “Rann, you can’t. You know the royal edicts. You wrote some of the rules. I cannot allow you to leave with Starra. She is a prisoner.” Rann removes his hand from Starra then gingerly touches the squared outline on his maser sneering at Ty.
“Rann.” I whisper into his earlobe.
The large comlen on the side wall blinks into life and displays the smiling face on a pale-tinted Dirk without his crown. I sigh with gloom and doom.
“Rann!” Ty spins around and views Dirk. Rann stands and slides Starra around his back spine turning to sneer at the comlen.
Dirk stares at Ty then at Rann, “Excellent! Both of you are located there on Sahara.”
“Yes.” Ty swiftly addresses.
“I have received some disturbing comfones about the prison complex.”
“There has been a fire here at the prison complex.” Ty states.
“How unfortunate! Are any of your prisoner inmates hurt or harmed?”
“Some…”
“Starra, I didn’t see you hiding behind Rann. Are you unharmed too?” Dirk states with a stern face.
“My princess is unharmed.” Rann answers for Starra and cuddles her into his rib cage for both love and protection.
“That’s sound excellent. I’m calling an emergency session of the noble committee immediately. You are both required to attend. Planet Sahara is not the only incident tonight. There are reports of numerous bomb explosions and walls of fires throughout the planets on Commerce, Tech, and Resort.” Dirk explains.
“What about Agri?” Rann asks.
Dirk sneers back at Rann, “Well, I wouldn’t know about the events on the planet of Agri. I’m not the noble in charge.” I sigh with worry.
He gasps in shock then smoothly announces, “I’ll report the current status of my planet during the impromptu noble committee meeting.”
“I do expect so.” Dirk replies.
“Starra can accompany me to the impromptu noble meeting tonight. She is a countess and a member of the royal noble court.” Rann nods with a smile getting Starra away from the prison complex.
“And I’m the noble responsible for the planet of Sahara. I’ll be personally accountable for her actions during the impromptu noble meeting tonight.” Ty nods with a grin at Rann’s wonderful suggestion. I sigh with delight.
Dirk purses his lips then frowns at Rann. “I do not know. It is highly irregular to invite a prisoner to the noble committee meeting in the presence of the king.”
Ty gasps in shock then smoothly says. “I give you my word as a royal noble and a gentleman of the universe that I will personally watch Starra.”
He continues to frown and shakes his red tinted curls at Ty, “The current time is a highly volatile and deadly dangerous situation. The other nobles would be rightly offended. Anyways, Starra cannot contribute to the disaster at hand. She possesses no assets, no ships, no currs, and no citizens.” Dirk clarifies her position.
O! I’m a poor but proud a noble lady. Wo-man! That hurt my arrogant pride and super-inflated alien ego. I sigh with insult.
Rann gasps in shock then smoothly replies to Dirk while tightly cuddling Starra, “Starra’s assets go beyond tangible measured resources. She applies her generous heart, her brilliant mind, her sweet, kind, and gentle personality aiding all the citizens. These are her true assets to the universe, Dirk.”
Give me a tissue, please!
Dirk wears a stern face and decrees again. “My decision as king of the universe is no.”
“Dirk!” Rann scowls sounding with a bodily threat on the king of the universe. I sigh with doom.
He smiles. “Do you have another comment to add this deadly dangerous situation, Prince Rann?” Dirk threatens better.
“No.” He softly states worrying about Starra’s care here at the prison complex.
Dirk smiles. “That sounds excellent! I’ll see both of you at the impromptu noble committee meeting within the next hour.”
“We’ll both be present at the noble committee meeting, Your Highness.” Ty wears a fake smile and smoothly replies.
“Dirk out.” Dirk states. His face disappears from the comlen and then the monitor become a soundless, black hue. I sigh with trouble.
“Stang!” Rann yells and releases Starra staring at the rear skull on Ty. I sidestep quickly feeling a little frightened of the upcoming deadly dangerous situation here at the prison complex. He rears back and kicks the side table beside the foot stool and the sitting chair sending the table into the side wall. The object hits the smooth golden tinted paint and breaks into three large pieces of wooden items.
Ty spins around and nods to Rann. “I feel the same way, Rann. We don’t have time to debate the issue with Dirk.”
I stand in place and think through the deadly dangerous situation, speaking to Ty and Rann, “Dirk likes to play his little mind games with all the nobles. Don’t let him win, Rann! If we, you and me, leave the prison complex together, then you’ll become a criminal, like me. Then the king will punish you, like me.” I choke back the tears inside my tight throat.
Rann gasps in shock then sits on top of the foot stool pondering Starra’s wise words in silence.
I crawl into his lap and hug his neck. Dirk has stopped his evil plan sending me back into the wormhole. I don’t understand his reasoning, but Dirk is switched mind gears and is now trying to kill Rann using any tiny kingly excuse. I sigh with death.
I whisper to Rann, “Dirk will punish you with the severest measures that he can order as the king of the universe on your person. Then I cannot live my life without you, Rann.” I hug his neck and hold back my tears of worry and fear for Rann’s life. I sigh with doom.
I did not say ‘could not’ or ‘will not’ or ‘should not’ or ‘might not.’ Can is possession of a given right or power or citizen. Dirk will take away my possession, Rann. I cannot allow that deadly permanent act to happen.
Within my hug, I can feel the eyeballs on Ty. He watched my actions. My swift introduction, fun friendship, serious relationship, lovely engagement, and upcoming wedding ceremony has moved quickly within the ninth alien timeline. In less than one week or five standard days, I have acquired Prince Rann away from every female. I sigh with purpose.
Rann has everything that a girl truly desires. So, it is natural that his best buddy Ty would question Starra’s noble intentions and girly feelings for Rann. But I truly love Rann since the second alien timeline and I honestly cannot live without him here within this universe. I sigh with true love.
I pull back and hold back my tears whispering into his face, “Please give Dirk everything that he wants.” I lean down and lightly kiss his lips pulling back with a fake smile. I sigh with worry.
“Everything?” Rann frowns.
“Yes, give Dirk everything. Then we’ll both be free of his kingly rule once and foreverly.” I surrender only to Rann as I don’t want the currs, the castles, the property, the titles, and the honors as one of the royal nobles. I sigh with true love.
King Dirk has the kingly power to strip all the royal titles and noble assets away from Prince Rann and then declaring Rann a fugitive criminal. Then, Rann and I can run away and live in my Ice castle until Dirk strips me of my title and lands too. However, Rann is not accustomed to a set of smaller things in his life living in huge mansions with fleets of starships, hundreds of servant bots, and thousands of citizens that obey his whispered commands as an older prince noble.

I mentally flash backwards, into the second alien timeline, when Prince Rann both owned and operated two planets, Sahara and Agri.

I mentally flash back present, within the ninth alien timeline, Dirk wants all the planets, and nobles, and the controls of will and power of the commoners. If Dirk takes everything away from Prince Rann, then Rann and I can live with his friend Ty on Planet Sahara. If Dirk takes everything away from Ambassador Ty, then Rann and I can live on damaged asteroid Resort with the band of wandering pirates. I will follow Rann where ever he goes within the universe. I sigh with determination.
I smile. “I truly love you, a lot.” He smiles and leans over kissing my lips. I sigh with true love.
We surface and smile with a goofy grin at each other.
“I truly love you, more,” he smiles and kisses her lips again. I sigh with true love. 
We surface and smile with a goofy grin at each other again.
I don’t wanna let him out of my arms or my eyesight while worrying about his future, my future, and our future together. I wanna guard him but can’t do that locked up in a prisoner sleeping unit from Dirk’s stupid kingly punishment. I sigh with duty.
Rann smiles at Starra, “Ty, Starra needs a secured sleeping unit, before we leave and attend the noble committee meeting with Dirk.”
Ty smiles and back steps away from Starra and Rann spinning to face the closed door. “Follow me!” He moves ahead and opens the door leading further down the long hallway, signaling a line of prison guards for assistance with Starra. Rann and Starra hold hands and slowly follow Ty softly whispering sweet words to each other.
You can smell the remnants of smoke, hear the low mumbles of prisoners and loud shouts of guards, feel the warm air currents from the heated minerals from the floor tiles and walls, and taste the musty air currents with bits of tiny drifting burnt ashes of humans and metal. The visitation hallway is covered in a red tinted granite rock displaying an open archway of an individual visitation room on each side of the corridor.
I cuddle to close and rush to fast without observing each visitation room, instead focusing on Rann and my limited time with him until tomorrow morning.
Ty halts and opens a new door signaling the guards into the side wall. Rann halts on the opposite side of Rann. Ty nods with a smile to her, “Starra, this is your noblette suite for the next two days and nights.”
I exhale with worry then release Rann slowly waddling in my dirty, fluffy dress into my new room which holds one or two occupants. I count one twin-sized bed mattress on the side wall and a small eating table with two chairs against the opposite wall without an array of glass windows viewing the bright moonlight or the blinding sunshine. I smell both an antiseptic and sterile cleanliness odor. The room is utilized as a clinical room with a Bbot for a wounded prisoner or an injured visitor during the visitation period. It has not been used for months.
I waltz ahead then slowly twirl around, wearing a stern face, sitting on top of the neatly pressed bedcover in golden hue. The bed mattress contains a fresh set of bed linens. A private lavatory stands in wall corner a few feet from the archway.
Ty follows Rann and grabs a hard metal chair with one hand, stopping beside Rann and sits down staring in silence at Starra. Rann stops then kneels not for a marriage proposal today but noble advice to his princess girl.
Rann reaches out and gently grabs her dirty hands staring into her sad silver tinted irises. “I don’t know when I’ll be back here at the prison complex, Starra. Dirk’s going to expect me to fight, rebel, and counterman all his asinine kingly orders. But I promise you, I will not do that. I love you too much to get harmed.” He lifts her hand and kisses each one of her exposed and dirty knuckles. I giggle with delight. He drops her hands and presents a stern face to Starra. “You are to stay right here inside this room. The assigned guard unit will bring you food items, entertainment devices, and anything else that you want or desire.” He nods with a fake smile then slowly stands snapping his fingers. A guard appears inside the archway and totes a single golden tinted bed blanket and a single pillow for Starra. Rann turns and sneers at the guard. “Is that all she receives?” I sigh with cooperation.
I swiftly stand from the bed mattress and touch his naked chest, stating with my calmer timber, “Rann, please, there are other prisoners that need all the supplies items. Some of the prisoner received burns on their bodies from the fires. I’m fine. I’m unharmed and healthy. And I’m here waiting for you.” I sigh with concern for others.
He returns and smiles at Starra. “My princess is correct like always. I’ll return and bring more supplies for both my princess and the prisoners. Sahara will be the first planet for a fleet of supply ships. You have less than 21 hours staying here inside your new noblette place and then your kingly sentence will expire. I’ll return back here escorting you back home. Promise me. You will not travel from this room and roam the hallways or the other areas of the prison complex.”
I smile and nod my curls, “I promise. I love you too much to get harmed.” I sigh with true love.
He softly chuckles. “Good girl.” Rann gently shuffles Starra on top of the bed mattress covering her body with the blanket and resting her head on top of the pillow. He leans down and smiles in her face, “Please allow me to tuck you into the bed for your late evening slumber.” He tucks the wool blanket around her collar bone falling down to her belly button underneath her dress. The blanket fabric length is too short and does not trail over her dirty plantation skirt with four stiff crinolines. Rann exhales with worry and love whispering into her face, “Try to sleep. Time will pass more quickly. Why don’t you dream about me? When you awaken, I will be here again watching over you.” He dips down and kisses her naked lips using a gentle touch and resurfaces wearing a goofy grin. I sigh with true love.
“I will…” dream about you, my darling Rann.
Ty stands and touches Starra’s collar bone offering with a smile. “We’ll be back as soon as possible. Don’t worry. Nothing and no one are getting passed my guard unit.”
I present a stern face. “Please, take care of him and yourself, Ty.”
He nods with a stern face. “I promise. I love both of you too much to get harmed.” He chuckles and spins around with Rann pacing towards the open archway.
I smile with glee and watch the back spine on Rann. They exit the room. The door slams shut without a sound. I sigh with loneliness.
I close my two gray tinted eyelashes for a restful catnap from the fierce excitement of a long day, when my two Tele eardrums overhear a faint baritone voice.
Ty stands in front of the closed door and points to each Sahara prisoner guard, who stands against the opposite side. “Here. Here. Here. And here!” Each guard peels away from the painted wall and stands in-between the closed doorway guarding Starra.
I execute both a Tele view and a Tele listen using my telepathy on the outside conversation. Four guards stand against outside my entrance wall staring at Ty.
Rann moseys to the first guard then slowly shuffles down to the last one whispering his same set of secret instructions. “Five million currs to you, only if my princess is unharmed and unbothered upon my return here at the prison complex.” He nods with a true smile then back steps from the last guard standing beside Ty.
“Yes, Sire,” the last guard echo in a loud tenor tone.
Rann always tosses away more of his currs for me. I sigh with annoyance.
Rann and Ty spin around from Starra’s room and bump heads softly talking while pacing through a busy hallway, where each healthy prisoner is shuffled ahead into a new visitation room for their temporary living unit until the 4th floor is renovated by the Rbots. Rann and Ty are leaving Sahara to attend the emergency noble committee meeting without Starra, since Dirk is both a jerk and a creep, not allowing future Princess Starra to participate. I sigh with hatred.
I flip over to my side and face an empty painted wall exhaling in exhaustion, falling down into a deep restful and healing slumber and dream of Rann. I sigh with true love.

Alien Day 155


Starra’s prisoner sleeping unit
Sizzling sunlight and blue sky without clouds at 106ºF
6th hour (early morning)


A bell sharply chimes with a high-pitched musical not that invades my two eardrums. I pop open my two eyelashes and as my two eyeballs note a golden tinted ceiling. I whisper for my eardrums only. “Stang! I’m not day dreaming either. I really am located here inside a prisoner jail cell.” I close my two eyelashes and as my mind pretends that I’m not really located here inside a prisoner jail cell. I sigh with make-believe.
My Tele powers like the new environment which is puzzling within my neurons and annoying to my nerve ends this hour. I can’t determine the position of the solar sunlight, only view four golden tinted walls. Overhead artificial lights in a long and wide row on the ceiling tiles blind my two eyeballs, but the illumination does allow me to see, read, and eat.
The same bell sharply chimes with a high-pitched musical note for a second time.
O! I get it now. The time clock chimes for the gang of prisoners to awake and then eat then do something fun or nasty. I sigh with mischief.
I’m not feeling joyous, only naughty. I sigh with malice.
The closed door barely cracks open and reveals the handsome face on the captain of the guards. He wears a nicely pressed new uniform, a white tinted, sleeveless vest, a pair of matching shorts, a pair of athletic shoes, and a black tinted sash around his fitted waistline. The sash contains a variety of deadly weapons. He clears his throat and smiles. “Your breakfast tray has arrived for your consumption, princess.” I sigh with royalty.
“Thank you!” I greet to the parted door and his face flinging the blanket from my dirty body and dirtier dress onto the bed mattress, sliding off the bed mattress. I stand and nod to the guard, “Please come inside, Captain.”
The same bell sharply chimes with a high-pitched musical note for a third time.
He whips open the door, enters the room, rushes to the eating table, and places a huge tray on top of the surface. He back steps from the table then stops, bowing down at his fitted waistline, standing upright, nodding to Starra in silence. He slowly back paces like an ass-backwards flying bot towards the open archway. I giggle with my silly mental thoughts. He closes the door.
I stand in place and smell the food items consisting of a plate of scrambled eggs, grilled steak, fresh buttery biscuits, fruit pieces, oat cereal, and a tall glass of cold chocolate milk beside a clear glass vase of three red tinted rose buds. I smell three chocolate candies too. Rann delivered the first food and supply shipment to Planet Sahara as he had promised. I sigh with true love.
The same dang bell sharply chimes with a high-pitched musical note for a fourth time.
“Prisoner Starra,” the baritone voice like General Ivan comes from a robot outside the door.
The door sweeps open and reveals a medium-sized, black-tinted, cylinder-shaped bot, a standard model for all domestic working robots here within the unknown universe. It hovers inside the open archway. The four guards wear the same uniform that designates them as Rann’s four honor guards and surround the robot but do not attack the metal machine. I sigh with annoyance.

I mentally flash backwards, into the first alien timeline, when I was called Lady Starra.

I mentally flash present, within the ninth alien timeline, I am called Prisoner Starra. I sigh with yesterday.
“Prisoner Starra,” the robot hums and hovers.
I continue to stand, smell the delicious food items, view the dull robot, and feel dirty from sticky sweat and smeared ashes on both my body and my gown. I sigh with uncleanliness.
Bot scans Starra using its two sideways empty teacups, as its two mechanical electronic eyes, processing her for something bad…naw…good. It fly-ass-backwards towards a floating barge with a metal, long rack of golden tinted clothes using its rear metal limbs. Yes, it is true. It selects four fabric clothing items including two large outfits, a small outfit, and a wrapped box of golden hue. It flies forwards then dumps the four clothing items on top of her bed mattress.
Ubot fly-ass-backwards away from the bed mattress, halts hovering inside the open archway and then points at the row of items, “Prisoner Starra, the selection offers you a new prisoner uniform.”
Ubot is an employed machine exclusively for the prison complex and translates into U better not run bot. The unique robot usually displays two maser rifles in each metal limb, one for stun and one for you know, in case, a prisoner gets away from his or her human guards. Yeah, I read all that information inside the red Book. I sigh with caution.
Ubot flies sideways and away from Starra’s room then stops at the next visitation station with the newly relocated prisoner. The handsome captain gently shuts the door leaving Starra alone.
Inside the room, I continue to stand then swing studying a perfect line of garments and a wrapped box and grab the first garment. The girly outfit is colored in golden fabric fitting my body measurements, featuring two long sleeves that flows over each wrist bone, a suffocating turtleneck collar on an old-fashioned silk blouse that gracefully flows down to my two naked kneecaps. The ankle-length, golden-tinted, old-fashioned senior citizens’ skirt touches and then drags five-inches over both of my toe bones. And a pair of flat matching Granny shoes complements the outfit, not my teen-ass personality.
I frown with frustration. “This one is too big.”
The second garment displays a separate short-sleeved tee shirt that flows down to my kneecaps, a pair of walking shorts that flow down to my two shins, a pair of matching socks, and a pair of soft matching sneakers.
I giggle with delight, “This one is too small.”
The third piece of clothing, a separate golden tinted halter top, a separate shorty-short skirt that nicely splits upwards on each side of my thigh bone revealing more than my two kneecaps and a pair of golden, spiked heeled, thigh-high boots covering both thigh flesh and bones.
I growl with naughtiness. “This one is too right.” I sigh with sexy.
Now, this perfect outfit presents a proper princess picture, not provided by a proper prince. Yeah, Rann was delivering supply ships to Planet Sahara first. He is carefully trying to calmly control my present and future life events, without standing on the same planet. Well, I ain’t taking this or this or their rules or them rules or her rules or his rules, because I rule here. I sigh with obstruction.
I snatch up the box jerking off the ribbon viewing a pair of fresh girly undergarments. I giggle with delight. “I need these things.” I sigh with sexy.

I mentally flash backwards, into the first alien timeline, during the first Galactic Civil War, the fighting warriors for Prince Rann displayed golden tinted uniforms.

I mentally flash present, within the current alien timeline, I dress in my new princess outfit, swing around, pace to the door and open the metal. I stand inside the archway and smile at my four tall, handsome male bodyguards. Each guard face views Starra.
“Wow!” The guard smiles. The captain violently elbows the rib cage on the smiling male as the other males smile in silence also at Starra.
I giggle with delight. I have selected the right princess outfit. I sigh with innocence.
“Please, come inside my unit and take away the other outfits, Captain,” I like this ordering my first princess command and then exit the room standing in the hallway, scanning the loud commotion. I sigh with excitement.
He enters the room and stops beside the bed mattress, scanning each clothing item, pointing at the old-fashioned outfit. “Princess, begging my pardon here. I would nicely recommend this elegant long dress on your person. The color fabric greatly compliments your golden tinted suntan,” He swings his smile and views her back spine.
Slick, boy!
I continue to scan each roaming tattooed prisoner with girly intrigue hearing all the fun, loud activities coming from the visitation main room, “You’re correct, Captain. The color does match my skin tone, but I have dressed. Please, go ahead and give that elegant dress to another female prisoner without the matching skin tone,” I softly giggle at my second princess command using my new princess attitude.
He cringes at her princessly command and presents a fake smile still pointing to the long dress. “Princess, I served as Prince Rann’s personal body guard for many years. I am certain that Prince Rann would delight seeing you in this lovely elegant long dress, when he returns back here this morning from his princely duties with Dirk.”
Man, this boy holds too many smart brain cells plus brave guts, to boot. He is definitely the smartest smartass guard, who is devoted, dedicated, and determined to serve prince and annoy the princess. I sigh with authority.
“I appreciate wholeheartedly your lovely advice, Captain. I’m so looking forward to seeing Rann. I believe that he will find me very attractive in my new cuter dress. Don’t you believe so? But I do value your personal opinion, Captain.” I continue to stare down the opposite end of the hallway hearing the roar of happy laughter and a series of loud sounding activities. I am trying to act like a polished diplomat, not a spoiled noblette, but I have failed in truth. I sigh with disappointment.
I link, connect, and Tele talk into his open mind: Do not piss me off again!
He gasps in shock then shakes his dizzy mind hearing the soft words coming from a heavenly angel. He fakes his smile at her back spine. “Yes, princess!” He leans down and collects the girly items stuffing them into the box closing the lid, stuffing the item underneath one armpit. He exits the door and stands slightly outside the archway in-between his guard unit.
I gracefully pirouette on three-inched, spiked boot heels, when my long, silver tinted free-flowing hair strands flutters elegantly around my naked throat. I princessly command with a sweet smile, “Now, I’m ready for my tour.”
He hands the box of clothes to another guard and signals the guard to distribute the gifts to another petite prisoner. The guard leaves the huddle and wanders down the long hallway in silence viewing each open door. Then the captain pads ahead and stands beside Starra staring down at her hair rotos, wearing a frown, “The tour…”
“… of this prison facility, of course, my honorable bodyguard. I wanna tour the place for a bit and look around the recreational rooms. Is there a billiards table located somewhere here? I love to play pool.” I sigh with trouble.
The captain gasps in sock then slowly back steps huddling with the two other guards softly chatting about Starra while flinging both arms and hands in the air.
I continue to stand and stare down the hallway hearing the loud noises of fun activities. I am telling Rann to forget the higher neurons on my permanently, princessly personal bodyguard unit as the current guards think way too much.
I stomp my sole interrupting their fun. This new place and space and time is about me, the non-princess of Planet Agri. I yell out loud my new princess order, “I’ll give each one of you 13 million currs to escort me around the prison proper for a brief floor tour. How does that sound, Captain?” I smile down the hallway missing all the fun actions. I sigh with trouble.
One of the bodyguards slides backwards from the huddle and stops slightly beside Starra, nodding with a smile. “Will you really give me 13 million currs for walking about the prison floor?” The restless guards shuffle around and stand in front of Starra.
“We accept!” The captain nods with a smile.
I roll my eyeballs then stare at the captain exhaling with deceive. “So, I guess that means that I must do my own fist fighting, since my 13 million currs doesn’t cover that element within your ancient verbal contract for Rann.” I sign with information.
He cringes then nods several times, “That element is definitely covered in our verbal agreement with you and with Rann, princess.”
On the 7th hour of the early morning, I smile with a nod and clap with happiness, “Very well! Let’s begin our tour down…”
“…here…” The captain grabs her forearm and swings Starra facing the opposite direction within the same hallway. He smiles and points down a less busy section without the loud noise, releasing her arm, leading the way, “Princess, let us begin our prison tour further down at the first guard station.” The two guards stand behind Starra and scan the hallway for spies or troublemakers.
The guard station presents an armed and secured place for her princess protection from the gang of roaming rude prisoners. I smile at the back spine on the captain, “Let’s go! I do value your opinion, Captain.”
“This way!” He leads and scans the hallway for spies or troublemakers while protecting the body of Starra. I sigh with security.
I’ll let him pretend to lead my tour then eventually he will bend to my rule reaching the end of the corridor. Then we all must spin around and traverse back to my sleeping unit, passing it, moving into the main visitation room with all the fun activities and funner prisoners. I sigh with plan.
Anyway, I am stick here in jail hell for the rest of the morning and half of the blistering afternoon hours, before Rann comes to rescue me from my prison punishment. I giggle with a wicked grin and survey each open doorway, without seeing any nasty or naughty action, “If we’re lucky, we might run into Rann, before we finish my tour. Would you think so, Captain?”
He trips over the floor then wears a sour frown slowly recovering and pads ahead. “I would prefer that we do not tell Rann about your impromptu prison tour, princess.”
“If you insist, Captain.” I slowly march behind the captain, who guards my front. The two other guards slowly pace three feet behind while guarding my back spine. I sigh with too close.
A female prisoner stands inside the archway of her new prisoner sleeping unit then approaches Starra without foot hesitation or face reservation. The captain quickly stops then shuffles backwards standing beside Starra, guarding her body with his bravery.
I turn and stare at the prisoner recognizing her person. She was the last prisoner escaping from the fire on the 4th floor and accidentally attacked my assassin, saving my life force.
My Tele senses ping. Everything is fine.
She exhibits a tall body with flawless skin tone in rich black, a pair of brown eyeballs, and a head of long black tinted hair down to her waistline. She wears a sleeveless tee shirt, a pair of leggings, and a set of athletic shoes in green tinted hue.
Rann always keeps his promises to every citizen and has robbed all the wardrobe closets from the Business Associates on Planet Agri too. Some of the prisoners wear an outfit in green hue; while others have received the standard prisoner clothes in gold.
The female prisoner stops and slaps her chest, nodding to Starra, saying in a husky alto timber, “My name is Ula, which means jewel. You have saved my life twice. I feel that I am indebted to you, Countess Starra. I pledge to serve you for the rest of my days and nights,” she slowly bows down at her fitted waist to Starra.
I push between my guards and stand in front of Ula. I execute a Tele scan with my telepathy on her open mind. Ula is a very loyal and dedicated individual exhibiting honest fun social and cultural morals. I don’t want to insult her person or her culture as I am a young alien within the universe and a new prisoner within the prison complex. And I might need a new friend among the prisoners. I sigh with friendship.
“I accept your offer of indebtedness but only during my short prison time here. So, we are friends. Is that okay with you, my new girlfriend Ula?” I smile.
“Yes,” she stands upright and smiles to Starra.
“Should we continue the tour of the prison proper together, Ula?”
“Yes.” She taps closer to Starra.
The captain exhales with annoyance and leads Starra and her new prisoner friend down the same hallway in the same direction.
Ula and I move ahead without speaking. I continue to survey each open door with curiosity. Ula drags a pace behind Starra. I stop and spin around to face Ula. “Would you enjoy strolling beside me, Ula. We’re are now both prisoners and friends, not a master and a servant. Are you my friend, Ula?”
She nods and scoots ahead standing beside Starra. “Yes, we are friends.”
I reach out and wrap my arm around her arm looking down the hallway. “Thank you for being my new friend, Ula.” I cannot act to nicely and friendly within a hostile prison environment. I sigh with worry.
“Thank you for being my friend, Countess.”
“Starra,” I smile at her.
“Starra,” she smiles.
This is a nice gesture meeting a female friend, who does not want to cut off my bone skull or stab a dagger in my back spine.
We turn and face the hallway staring to slowly stroll down the venue passing a couple of closed doors, when I note a plain-looking, skinny, petite female prisoner hiding behind her room door, wearing a long brown tinted ponytail, a pair of dancing hazel colored eyeballs, and tone of pale tinted skin.
I gasp with shock and then smile. The young prisoner is wearing one of my gifted outfits from Rann. She displays a separate short-sleeved tee shirt that flows down to her naked kneecaps, a pair of walking shorts that flow down to her two shins, a pair of matching socks, and a pair of soft matching sneakers. She stares at Starra then swiftly closed the door slamming into her cupped hand.
My Tele senses ping. Everything is fine.
I gasp in alarm and rush from Ula grabbing the door, sweeping open the metal. The tiny female prisoner drops down on her two kneecaps looking up to see Starra. I reach down and grab her forearm gently assisting her to stand, quickly performing a Tele probe on her open mind. She is a teenage of fourteen years old. I sigh with youth.
“What is your name, sweetheart?” I release her arm and smile.
“My name is Sim, Your Highness.” She smiles and ends with the wrong royal title.
I do not correct her in front of the older prisoners. She is young and innocent. Sim smiles with a set of crooked teeth, “I want to serve you, Your Highness.”
I smirk with amusement, “You do not serve me but are welcome to join me and my new girlfriend, Ula.”
Sim smiles, “Hey, Ula.”
“Hi, squirt.” Ula appears beside Starra and reaches out messing up the teenager’s hair.
We finish our introductions and then resume our position starting to stroll down the same hallway in the same direction.

On the 8th hour, within my strolling prison complex tour, I have picked up two more female prisoner girlfriends creating a line of five female and four body guards tailing behind our wake. The guards are so obvious and obtuse. I sigh with annoyance.
We arrive at the end of the long corridor and stop viewing the glass window seeing the outside sunshine and twirling sand storms. I leave my line of new girlfriends and run backwards, stopping beside the captain, softly speaking to him. “You may leave. I have my new friends. Don’t worry! You all will be paid your 13 million currs.”
He leans down and whispers to Starra. “I am not concerned about my reward, but I am very concerned about your new prisoner friends, princess.” He hints that Rann will strongly object. A good servant to both Rann and Starra. Rann makes excellent social engagement and cultural decisions in regard to his and her life events. I sigh with protection.
I whisper into his chest as I’m short and he’s taller. “I’m a prisoner, not a countess for six more hours. I’m equal to them. King Dirk made that proclamation to me.”
The smartass captain can’t debate with Starra using his smart neurons, looking down at the floor, listening to her continuous noblette attitude.
I continue my lecture, “Therefore, I offer only both camaraderie and conversation. I’m in no position to give any one prisoner, friend, or foe any aid, a gift or an ounce of grieve.” I stomp my foot and raise my whisper into my regular timber, “Dismissed!” He and his guards do not move, grunt or speak. I sigh with disrespect.
He clears his throat and wears a stern face, “May I have a private word with you, princess?” I can see and sense that he is leaving my eyesight or my body. I nod in silence.
He slowly back steps with Starra then halts, staring at the back spine on each female prisoner, softly speaking to Starra, “I accept your commands.”
“I...”
“… receive my direct order from Rann. So, your assigned guards will observe and watch from a distance of fifteen feet. Then we can avail ourselves to your command or your need, when appropriate,” he looks and smiles to Starra.
I nod with a smile, “Very well! I accept your new solution.”
“I’m grateful.” He exhales with relief. Rann is not a patience male and becomes an angry prince when he is trialed and tested.
I grin. “I’ll let Rann know how honorable and loyal you and your men are to my needs, Captain.”
He bows at a fitted waistline to Starra then slowly uprights nodding with a smile, “As you wish, princess.” He back steps from Starra then spins around strutting to his three guards.
I swing around and slowly stroll back to my line of girls. Two of the female prisoners veer off then converse with other prisoners. My line of girls includes Sim and Ula. I should not try to negotiate with my assigned guards, who carry weapons for protection of my body, since Rann will become very angry if a dangerous action occurs on my body. I sigh with true love.
From one of the open doorways, an extremely tall, big-boned, beautiful female prisoner stops a few feet from Starra standing beside a second female of exact body and facial dimensions. Each female wears a head of cropped red tinted hair, a pair of violet irises, and a tone of pink tinted skin. A semi-crooked row of brown tinted freckles decorates a nose bridge. Each one wears a sleeveless vest, a pair of walking shorts, and a set of athletic shoes in green hue.
She speaks to Starra without a smile or a sneer. “I do not like you…”
“… but I do enjoy more freedom within our recreational room,” the second female prisoner ends the complete sentence without a smile or a sneer.
I turn and giggle at the second sister.
The first sister states, “I think you can accommodate me with that freedom. I am Jai.”
“Do you object to my candid? I am Jia.” The second sister nods at the three-side conversation. I sigh with double vision.
“No. I do not object and I value both honesty and directness. I personally offer you and your sister an invitation to join our tour.” I nod with a grin.
Jai slides beside Ula and does not wear a smile, “We accept…”
“… with honor,” Jia collides into her sister bumping into each female. I sign with delight.
I shuffle sideways and steady Sim looking down the busy corridor. 
“Which way do we stroll, Starra?” Ula views the exit archway leading into the visitation room.
“That way!” I point to the same exit pondering the noise coming from the visitation room also. I sigh with naughtiness.

Three hours later, on the 10th hour, at the mid-day meal, my five new prisoner friends and I wiggle our arms in the air and loudly scream from the funny joke. We lounge inside my larger prisoner sleeping unit. My four guards quietly seat and eat inside the guard station overhearing our silly conversations. I feel both safe and sound. I sigh with happiness.
“Are we going to a slumber party here tonight, too, girlfriends?” Sim lies on top of circular bed mattress beside Ula.
I had ordered Ubot to bring three more large bed mattresses with matching bed linens for my new guest. Jia, Jai, and I sit on top of an individual bed mattress consuming a plate of cookies.
I also had ordered Ubot to bring large containers of food and beverages. Ubot had ordered a new Wbot robot to handle all of Starra’s needs and desires during her two-day prisoner sentence.
Wbot just left with the dirty dishes and brought a rolling tray with cookies, brownies, and cake slices for Starra and her new prisoner friends.
Ula subject changes the topic for some strange reason, starting at Starra, “I committed a terrible crime. I beat up and then steal the possession from another citizen using my bare hands, getting 5,000 currs.” The others nod in silence. She confesses. “So, I had deserved to be in here. I did a wrong thing. But I have almost served all my time dictated by King Dirk. I’m going get out tomorrow for good behavior.” She nods with a smile.
Jai frowns. “Yay! You’re getting out of prison. What are you going to do, after getting outta of prison? Are you going to go back to Asteroid Resort and scratch out a living like a Woof dog? Do you have a man or a woman waiting for you, girlfriend?”
She states. “My family members want me to come back. I have many brothers and sisters. I want a working job to make a good living without doing anything bad again.”
“Do you come from one of the space stations? Can Tok assist you with some type of employment?” Jia asks then eats the cookie.
Ula nods, “Marquis Tok is a very fair and reasonable man. But the jobs on each space stations are limited. He helps his native commoners first. He provides food, housing, and jobs with low, low wages.” I sigh with puzzlement.
“You can join the Militia and work for Ivan.” Jia proposes without smiling. She doesn’t smile only chews the cookie with her social manners without showing her teeth.
“Ivan won’t hire a tainted criminal for a security guard.” She shakes her curls.
“You can go and live on Food World. There are numerous opportunities there.” I nod with a smile without consuming anymore cookies. I feel safe and security right now due to Rann. He’s going to marry me next month. I have not pondered the lives of the commoners here within the same alien timeline. I must discuss the new situation with Rann and the other nobles about job employment and personal opportunities for the commoners. I sigh with worry.
The prisoners laugh. Ula shakes her curls. “I can’t work with the Business Associates. They’re lobles,” she chuckles with the other prisoners. I sigh with confusion.
“What is a loble? I have never heard that term before.” I frown.
“The term combines the lowest noble status with the highest commoner statue. Great Grandfather Baron created the term and the loble class, when he assigned them land property, civil rights, and profitable currs.” Ula explains.
“Hmm! You sound jealous, Ula!” Jia doesn’t laugh or smile, only chew the cookie.
She shakes her black curls, “No! I’m not jealous. The loble class are treated better than commoners but can’t attend any of the royal functions, such like, the noble committee meetings with the king.”
I nod in silence. I can feel some of Ula’s rejection emotions. I can’t attend the noble committee meetings neither. I’m technically a countess, not a commoner, but a prisoner. I sign with imprisonment.
“The loble class exists alone and lonely keeping to themselves. The lobles do not socialize with any one including a noble and a commoner. Hence, the combined letters form the word, loble. The letter L represent the word lower and the remaining letters come from the word, noble.” Ula nods.
Rann had mentioned on several occasions within numerous alien timelines both the difficulties and confrontations with the band of isolated and secretive Business Associates on Planet Agri.
“Rann can provide you with land property and civil rights, Ula. He owns Planet Agri and dispenses all the assets equally. I can speak with him about your personal and delicate matter. After I explain your situation, he’ll whole heartedly agree with me.” I nod with a smile to Ula.
Ula smiles to Starra, “You’re correct about Rann and his noble powers, Starra. I’m grateful that you would recommend me for an opportunity on Agri, but the lobles would never accept me. I would be seen as outsider within their eyes, ears, and nose holes,” she laughs with the others.
“I see…” and understand too late. Ula does understand the placement of nobles, noblettes, commoners, and lobles within the universe. I sigh with inequality.
Ula smiles. “Yeah, Rann is a generous noble and he can give me the land property on Agri, and I can make plenty of currs, but I will not live to spend my new wealth. I’d be back on Sahara for killing some of the Business Associates living the rest of my natural days inside a ten-by-ten prisoner sleeping unit.” She laughs with the others. I sigh with shock.
I don’t need my Tele powers here seeing the truth of her words and her future. Ula will never accept her new role as a lobel and then the lobel class would murder Ula first. Of course, Ula possesses a strong, self-preservation nature that will cause great harm unto all the innocent natives on Planet Agri. So, Rann couldn’t help Ula as a matter of face I couldn’t either, even if I’m living as a princess on Planet Agri.
However, I can help Ula in a different manner. I offer, “If I ever get out of here and have my title and my boyfriend back,” I chuckles with my new friends. “Then, you can come and work for me, Ula. You can become my personal secretary.”
“What does a personal secretary do?” Ula frowns.
“Well, you are allowed to threaten my vicious opponents with talk, not harm, Ula. You will become my new honor guardette.” I nod with a smile using my new pretend word to Ula.
“I don’t think your future husband would approve of me as your personal secretary, Countess.” Ula shakes her curls.
“Did Ty recommend your prisoner pardon?” I ask.
She smiles. “Yeah, Ty told me in person.”
“His pardon is worthy to you, then you are worthy to Rann. You’re on my team, Ula,” I present my folded fist and smile.
She leans over and fist-bumps Starra lifting both of her arms in the air, screaming with delight. “You’re all right, Starra. I accept your offer and your currs.” Ula drops her hands then performs a mouth spit with her salvia on her open presenting to Starra, “Deal!”
I gasp in shock then smile, performing a mouth spit with my salvia on both of my open palms, violently slapping them together against her extending hand and smash our germs together. I holler with delight. “Done deal!” I release her hand and wipe the used spit on the bed linens.
“Your Highness, will you employ me, after I’m paroled?” Sim sits upright and crosses her legs nodding to Starra.
I turn and smile to Sim, “Yes, Sim. I will employ you also. When will you be released from your prisoner sentence?”
“I’ll be out in forty years,” Sim smiles. I cringe in shock as the prisoners loudly chuckle.
I clear my throat and nod with a fake smile to Sim. “In forty years, you give me a call. Then Ula will hire you and assign your new duties as one of my new employees.” I sigh with concern.
“Yes, Your Highness,” Sim giggles.
I view Ula, “This is my future order. Hire Sim as my personal receptionist.”
“Yes, Starra,” Ula nods to Sim.
“What does a personal receptionist do, Your Highness?” Sim frowns.
I gasp in shock. “She does, receives stuff.” My new prisoner friends laugh with amusement.
On the I declare the lunch meal finished and leave the stuffy prisoner sleeping unit. My four new girl pals, my four old bodyguards, and I pad into the visitation room.
The room displays a long, wide rectangular shape of gray tinted granite mixed with gold nuggets and other colorful stones. An entrance archway stands on each short or long side wall leading into one of four different avenues with numerous individual visitation rooms, which are now individual sleeping units for all the surviving and misplaces prisoners from the fires on the fourth floor. Between the four archways, each wall displays an alternating individual guard room then single private social room for the prisoners and their family members.
Today, the social rooms house only the prisoners who gather in clusters or small groups with their familiar prisoner friends. Behind each wall, a kitchen setting prepares the food meals by working Hbots that is passed through a hidden half-window inside each groom. The prisoner can eat inside the social room with their friends or roam around the visitation room without friends.
A fleet of smaller robots work diligently cleaning up the spilled liquids and dropped flood crumbs on top of the hard floor. In addition to roaming robots, the middle section of the large room offers numerous entertainment devices such like, billiards pool tables, ping-pong tables, playing card tables, an array of individual life-sized games, such like, surfing, tennis playing, starship races and other fun activities.
My row of four new gal pals exit from the wide archway and then stop a few feet inside the visitation room. The room houses both male and female prisoners like usual.
I stand at the end of the line with my new four friends tapping into my Tele powers, hunting for trouble. Rann has ordered me to stay put inside my sleeping unit, which is both enclosed and boring, so I shall not cause any trouble here with upsetting my fiancé. I sigh with naughtiness.
The majority of the prisoners are enjoying the new venue without the usual prisoner restrictions conversing with old friends and new friends, enjoying unlimited time on the entertainment equipment. However, not all prisoners feel happy and playful. I slowly veer in a zig-zing line from my avenue hallway slowly shuffling below the center of the room while avoiding a flying ball into my face.
On the opposite side end of the other visitation passageways, there is a second visitation room with additional prisoners. Ty has provided a nice substitution place for the misplaced prisoners. However, the Sahara prisoner guards are both exhausted and overworked watching over the active prisoners. No Militia guards are present at the Prison Planet per Ivan’s rules.
A gigantic prisoner man reaches out and tickles the smaller prisoner male. They stand hidden by a wall of back spines from three super-large prisoners who are crowded into the far wall corner. And I just happen to be passing in that direction, with purpose, viewing the crowded huddle, hearing the loud troubling conversation. I sigh with feat.
Leading my line of bold new girl pals and the second line with my loyal, highly paid bodyguards, I shuffle closer to the strange huddle and away from my protection feeling overly confidence and obnoxiously arrogant, too boot. I sigh with meddlesomeness, to boot.
The smaller male represents a thin body frame on a tone of pale-tinted skin, a head of thick brown tinted cropped hair and a very meek, and very afraid manner. His sweaty droplets drip down from his forehead onto his golden tinted tee shirt. I halt, stand beside the smaller male prisoner, spinning around with a sweet smile and greet a gigantic male prisoner, “What’s the problem, sir?”
“Go away, little girl!” The gigantic male prisoner continues to sneer at the smaller male without viewing Starra then his face turns mouth spitting on the floor near Starra’s new boot toes. I sigh with fury.
Then he wipes his mouth with one hand and returns to see the smaller prisoner.
“Shut up, fool! The countess is speaking to you, boy!” Ula shuffles from the line of friends and stands beside Starra sneering for a fist fight with the gigantic male prisoner, turning then mouth spits her own salvia on the floor. I scoot my boots closer to the smaller male.
The gigantic prisoner turns and studies Starra. “Who be you, babe?”
“She is Countess Starra.” She answers for Starra. I sigh with recognition.
He smiles at Starra and releases his victim. The smaller male shuffles backwards and hits the rear wall. The taller prisoner thumbs back over his collar bone at the side wall of guards, who oversee the active prisoners inside the visitation room, “Them guards over there forgots to tell you, sweetie pie. All of us be equal in here in prison. There be no titles or no nobles or no commoners in here.” He and his friends laugh at Starra and her new friend Ula. I sigh with checkmate.
I act like a polished diplomatic imitating my new role model Ty and continue to smile. “I presume based on your improper grammar. Someone forgot to teach you the universal language for proper verbal communication.” I amuse in both annoyance and entertainment. My girl pals laugh. I’m trying to have a little fun and acting with a naughty unladylike conduct, since I can get away with it here in prison today. My regular eyeballs do not dare dart from the mean prisoner, but my Tele eyeballs dart around the room seeking Ty or one of his prisoner guard. I sigh with absence.
“Good one, girlfriend!” Ula smiles to the tall prisoner and forcefully slaps Starra forearm acting as an over protective personal secretary.
I quickly perform a Tele balance using my T-balance using telekinesis standing upright without falling sideways and busting my nose bridge on the floor. I sigh with brute strength.
He turns and sneers at Ula, “Who you be, girl?”
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
My mind quickly provides a Tele view using my teleclairvoyance of future seeing.

Ula attacks the tall prisoner using her two hands into his sneering face kicking her leg into his closets standing leg.

I’m going to subtlety and sweetly intervene on her behalf, before Ula hurts him really bad and I become punished really sever by Ty or Rann. I reach out and grab her hand wrapping her arm around my arm, patting her hand. I sigh with danger.
Ula cannot react without dragging Starra into a fight, so in a calm controlled timber, Ula does not smile but states, “I am her personal secretary which gives me the right to correct your bad manners, pal.” She nods with a smile and pats Starra’s arm. I sigh with surprise.
Ula acts like a real civilized citizen, sorta. I quickly counter her fun before she punches the giant male in his ugly face. I smile, “There will be no need for further violence today, Ula! The last offender of my person, you broke his arm in three places. He’s still lying in constant pain inside the prison infirmary.” I smirk at my lie to the tall prisoner working my new intimidation method, which learned from Dirk, the evil ruler of the universe for too many alien timelines. I sigh with badness.
My other girl pals laugh at my funny statement.
“You tell him, girlfriend!” Ula sneers at the prisoner.
I hope my cute button nose does not grow any longer acting like a good model prisoner. I sigh with deceit.
I turn and nod at the nose profile on the smaller male prisoner, “Sir, I invite you to join my touring party for a quiet stroll around the prison compound.” I sigh with revenge.
He gasps in shock then wipes his sweat balls, starting at the taller prisoner slowly shuffling closer to Starra. He does desire to leave and join Starra’s group. I sigh with happiness.
The taller prisoner reaches out and slams his large palm against the wall paint without making a dent into smooth golden nuggets leaning down into the scared face on the smaller male, turning to growl at Starra, “When I says, we done. We leaves.”
“I do believe my other set of friends over there will disagree with your proposal,” I rudely point in the short distance at my four honor guards, who stand in their neatly pressed, white-tinted uniforms with a black tinted sash. The black sash represents a hired honor guard employed by a rough, rowdy, wealthy, and independently Prince Rann. I drop my hand and slam my leg wearing a satisfying smirk. I sigh with protection.
Each highly paid and assigned bodyguard carefully observes and watch over Starra. Eight eyeballs times two equals the math number of sixteen. There are sixteen eye sockets stare at the back spine of four tall prisoners while protecting my immediate body frame.
Ula laughs with her friends. “And our boys are telling your boys that your personal business has concluded with my new friend Starra. Else, are you interested in discussing this immediate bloody issue with them?” She releases Starra and slams her fist into her open palm with a wicked grin.
He waves both of his arms in the air and sneers at Starra, slapping his chest, “I not be scare of you, babe. Tell your four friends, stay put! Me and you can talk about my pet.” He nods with a wicked laugh. I sigh with violence.
The shorter prisoner male wears a dirty golden jumpsuit with food and blood stains standing beside the gigantic male and then leans over and points at Starra shaking his brown tinted curls. “Watch it there, Hidno! She be Rann’s girl.”
“Don’t care!” Hidno sneers at Starra and slams his slap again.
“I care about my head. Take the squirrel as your new friend, Countess. And give my best regards to your man Rann,” the shorter prisoner balances upright. Then he slowly bows down at his fitted waist standing upright and bumps into the prisoner providing an opening within the tight line of mean prisoners.
“That’s a wise decision, sir! Thank you very much for cooperating. Please join me, gentle man.” I offer with a smile and a head nod holding out my arm to the smaller male. The male grabs my limb tightly squeezing the blood from my arm veins for his body protection.
Ula moves ahead and bumps into the gigantic male desiring to prompt an invitation into a small fist fight. Starra and the smaller prisoner slowly strolls ahead in between the line of prisoners without an incident.
I lead ahead and sail between a wide opening within my line of honor guards, who watch the line of rough prisoners. The smaller prisoner darts his eyeballs to each taller guard in silence. Ula slows her speed then joins Starra. We slowly stroll through the visitation room without purpose or direction while killing time. I turn and smile at the nose profile on the smaller prisoner, who matches my body frame height. “What’s your name, sir? And what’s your crime, sir?”
He continues to scan the room searching for more of the rough and rowdy prisoners, “My name is Phi. I’m a curr worker. Thank you for inquiring about my person and my position and saving me from that bomb of bad prisoners, Countess Starra. I had embezzled a set of currs for my hunger family coming from a noble serving my punishment sentence here for six years.” I sigh with worried puzzlement.
I’m a jail bird too. Every inmate has learned of my petty crime stealing an apple and my petite body frame that can be intimated. So, each inmate knows of his crime and his petite body frame too. Well, I’m not sharing any more of my secrets here within the prison complex. As a matter of fact, based on my silly social exchange with the gigantic male prisoner, the rest of prison inmates know my true identity, my guards, my allies, my friends, my foes, and my fiancé Prince Rann of Planet Agri. I sigh with popularity.
However, my prison situation is about to end serving my punishment sentence. I sigh with happiness.
My active mind clicks with mental thoughts.
Phi tells the truth that he works for a noble. If his noble had capture Phi robbing, then Phi and his family would be dead. Thus, Phi and his family members are not dead. So, the conclusion, Phi works for King Dirk, who does not kill his people only torments them into submissiveness. I sigh with fury.
I continue to slowly stroll between Phi and Ula admiring the huddles of playful activities among the large room. “Your crime doesn’t count against your noble of Dorkville. Dorky Dirk is lower than an ameba on the non-animal social ladder.” I giggle. Phi smiles. My friends laugh. Phi has committed no crime here, instead he is the victim of kingly circumstances by his employer.
I do not comment anymore but steer the lines of my entourage to the side wall aiming at one of the guard stations.
The guards in a semi-crooked row stand at attention and stare at Starra.
I stop in front of the center guard and wear a smile, pointing at his mini-bot. “May I borrow your mini-bot for a few seconds, madam guard?” She nods and hands her machine to Starra. I accept and type on the machine detailing the threats and crimes of Phi then hand the machine back to the guard. She reads the message in silence then gasps in shock looking at Starra.
I nod in silence with the acknowledgement.
She snaps her fingers which controls the line observing prisoner guards, pointing at Phi. A guard steps forward from the line and grabs the forearm on Phi, who gasps in shock. The guard leans down and whispers the new plan standing upright with a smile, spinning around and leads into the guard station. Phi turns and smiles at Starra. She nodes back in silence acknowledgement. No words are needed, only actions. I sigh with accomplishment.
The guard and Phi enter the guard station. The door closes. The guard will provide the mini-bot to Ty. Ty will release the prisoner on good behavior and then employ Phi and move his family members to Planet Agri, where Phi will not be harmed by Dirk anymore.
I spin around and face the line of four girl pals, the four honor guards. Each honor guard nods in silence acknowledgment also. I nod back then slowly pace ahead back into the loud activities, wearing a stern face, pondering my mental thoughts.
I am confused at Ty’s administration procedure here at his prison complex. He should have reviewed Phi’s crime and then immediately dismissed the honest curr worker. Then my active mind understands.
Jubilation Day is a day of joyous fun for all the free citizens and a day of punishment for all the criminals. My fuzzy mind does recall the name Phi on the list of prisoners. I was not paying attention during that part of the boring presentation. So, poor Phi and the other criminals were on their way to the Planet Prison and not in person for Jubilation Day.
Wo-man, I am fixing this crap, if it takes hundreds of alien timelines.
So, poor Phi arrived here before me at the prison complex. He was safe inside his personal prisoner sleeping unit working off his punish sentence until I arrived here. Then the arsonist started the fire to kill me and the some of the prisoners. I sighed with revenge.
Yeah, I will seek out my revenge for the wounded and dead prisoners, Dirk. I do not perform a Tele link, but I do speak the words going into Dirk’s head. He likes to watch me both physically and metaphysically regarding all my conscious and unconscious activities within his universe. I sigh with kill.
“Which way do we trend, now, girlfriend!?” Ula spins around still standing beside Starra and smiles at the huddle of loud activities too. She is itching to start a fight with some of the other prisoners.
I decide and point towards the entrance wall viewing physical action, hearing louder sounds. I sigh with protection.

Three hours later, on the 13th hour of mid-afternoon, my darting eyeballs see him first. He stands in handsomeness inside one of the four empty archways coming from somewhere. Honestly, I don’t know the layout of the prison complex and I do not want to learn either.
Rann scans the gigantic visitation room searching for Starra.
“Rann!” I dash away from my girls and guards singing out loud in happiness, waving both of my arms for attention. I sigh with true love.
“Starra!” He views the commotion and smiles dashing ahead from the archway towards Starra.
I run and meet him in the middle of the floor leaping off the hard granite, flying in the air, and collide into his body. We wobble sideways. I quickly execute a Tele balance using my telekinesis keeping us upright and creating a lovely eyesight spectacle for the rest of the citizens. I don’t care. I have missed him so much. I sigh with true love.
Rann slowly swirls her in the air kissing her pink-painted lips then halts gently lowing Starra down to the floor. He whispers, “I love you, a lot.”
“I love you, more.” We kiss then resurface wearing a goofy grin at each other. “I missed you, so much, Rann.”
“Ditto!”
“I’m so happy to see you, sweetheart,” smiling at him.
“Ditto!” He pulls back with a smile and releases Starra viewing her new outfit. “Where in the universe did you get that outfit?” I sigh with princess-ness.
“O! Do you like?” I gracefully twirl around in a dance circle viewing my cute dance steps wearing my pair of thigh-high leather boots. I sigh with delight.
“You are very stunning, as usual. But your garment seems inappropriate for a prison uniform, Starra.” He frowns.
I complete the circle and smile at him, “O! The prisoners were issued new clothes, this morning, after the fire, last night.” I express my words, but he knows the fact.
“I know. I sent some packages specifically for you, darling.”
Yeah, his gift contained the fugly, ugly long-sleeved turtleneck blouse, a floor-length grandma matronly senior citizen old skirt, and a pair of low-heeled shoes for my dead great grandmother. Rann did indeed send the needed medical supplies and food stuffs for the other prison inmates.
I grin and giggle at my man. Rann thinks of everything. I love this man. I say, “O! Were there some packages for me?” I smirk with delight at my secret.
He looks from Starra and scans the other prisoners mumbling with thought, “I wonder. Where are your packages?”
“O! I can guess here that they got lost in the mail,” I giggle.
He returns and frowns at Starra. “What items was lost? What is a mail…male?”
“Ty is doing the best he can with the fire and loss of supplies, personnel, and prisoners.” I subject change from the lost princess garments. I sigh with deceptiveness.
“Ty has been with me.” He nods and wears a brow of both worry and concern.
“O! Where is Ty? Why is he not running the prison?”
“He…” Rann exhales a string of sour breathes wiping dirt off his cheekbone. He appears both tired and drained. His short-sleeved, white-tinted tee shirt is smeared with brown dirt, red blood, green grass, and orange and blue food stains. His matching trousers are both torn and dirty above his knee boots. And his boots are scratched with deep cuts into the once-nicely polished black leather.
Rann doesn’t issue royal issues, like Dirk, but works his body, his two biceps, and his ten finger pads beside the line of citizens getting the job done right. 
Both of his exposed forearms are covered black and blue tinted bruised and marked with a series of tiny pink-tinted skin cuts from lifting and carrying numerous heavy items, including tubs of food stuff and medical supplies coming from and going back to the starships and residential homes.
“Dirk had all of us running supply shipments all day long until now.” Rann brushes his face with his dirty hands.
“Is the situation under control now?” I ask. I sigh with concern.
“Yes, everything and everyone is contained now,” he drops his hands and slams his dirty trousers releasing a few dirt balls drifting in the air, smiling at Starra.
“Rann!” The captain of her bodyguards appears beside Starra and Rann, slowly bowing down at his fitted waistline then stands upright. He stares at the nose profile on the prince.
Rann turns and greets, “Captain, you and your squad did an excellent job of watching…” he gasps then views Starra, “…performing your assigned duty.” He snaps his fingers. Sbot flies then stops beside Rann producing a mini-bot in the air, handing the item to Rann. Rann accepts then types on the machine keyboard transferring the curr payment to the four newly hired Sahara prison guards with the private guarding duty of Starra.
“Twenty million currs,” I announce the adjusted curr figure to Rann and then giggle with my deceit.
He continues to work on the mini-bot. “I agreed to five…” Rann stops then looks up to see Starra then cut his eyelids to the captain.
“For way above and beyond the call of duty…” I turn and wink at the captain.
The captain gasps in shock and lifts both of his palms near his worried brow, “I can explain, Rann!”
“Don’t bother!” He lifts one palm near his smile and shakes his skull chuckling at both a stunned captain and a stunning Starra. He resumes typing on the mini-bot.
I study and say to Rann, “If you don’t think I’m worth twenty million…”
“You’re worth all my trillions of currs, my darling.” Rann looks up and winks at his girl turning to see the captain nodding with a smile, “Don’t ever argue with your fiancé, Captain.” He winks then resumes typing on the machine.
“Yes, Sire,” the captain nods with a smile.
“Twenty million currs and a new promotion to the captain and his crew of three guards for way above and beyond the call of duty for my princess,” he hands the mini-bot back to the robot and nods to the captain.
“Sire, thank you!” The captain nods with a bright smile.
“Thank you, gentlemen! Dismissed!” Rann nods and turns to see Starra. The captain and his squad of healthy and wealthy guards leave the prison complex for a nice life of leisure and fun. Rann hugs Starra whispering into her eardrum, “I have good news.”
“Tell! Tell!” I wiggle with excitement missing all the gossip as I am locked away from the work inside a prison facility.
“We’re getting married today.” He smiles.
I pull back and gasp in shock. “Really?”
He nods. “Really!”
“Are we really getting married today?” I bounce with excitement. “How! When! Where! Details please!” I sigh with excitement.
“Our wedding venue is getting prepped in readiness on Agri. Ty and Joy will become our two wedding witnesses and Ivan will marry us, after Dirk’s announcements.” He hugs and plants a wet kiss on her lips. I sigh with true love.
I pull back and laugh waving my hand. “Forget about Dirk! This is about us! Gimme me some more of our wedding details. Forget the wedding plans! Tell me about our honeymoon plans!” I laugh with Rann.
He hugs and kisses her lips pulling back, smiling. “I love you, a lot.”
“I love you, more,” he smiles. We lean and passionately kiss.
Ty appears and stands beside Rann’s nose profile. Rann resurfaces and smiles down at Starra. I growl between Rann’s biceps turning to stare at the appearance of a dirty, smelly Ty.
“Dirk’s here.” Ty leans over and whispers in Rann’s smile.
“Is every person in position?” Rann commands and wears a stern face staring at Rann. I sigh with concern.
“Yes.” Ty hands a mini-bot to Rann. Rann accepts and reads the contents in silence.
“What’s going on, Rann?” I turn and frown at Rann. I sigh with annoyance.
“Dirk is here at the prison complex to pardon some of the prisoners for their good behavior.” Ty turns and nods to Starra.
I swing to Ty, “Is that routine for the king?”
“No,” Ty turns and scans the huddles of rowdy prisoners.
“Is that routine for Dirk to arrive here at the prison complex to pardon prisoners?”
“No.”
“Is that routine for a prison protocol?”
“No,” Ty continues to scan the rowdy prisoners.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
Rann continues to read then flips through the electronic pages on the mini-bot. I lean into the mini-bot machine and whisper to Rann, “I don’t like this.”
Rann continues to work and smiles down at the screen on the machine, “Everything’s going to be fine, Starra. Don’t worry, darling!” He looks up and leans over kissing her lips, pulling back with a smile. He hands the mini-bot back to Ty. Ty accepts the machine and types his commands back stepping, swinging around and shuffles away from Rann and Starra.
“Fine!” I pull back and cross my arms frowning with fury. I sigh with revenge again.
He leans over and whispers wearing a stern face, “Just as long as you don’t talk, argue, or act irrational with Dirk.”
“I don’t act irrational,” I huff with annoyance while defending my purposeful alien behavior against an evil King Dirk.
“Starra, my darling, I request from the bottom of my loving heart for you to please stand here, look pretty, and be silent,” he nods then kisses my lips, pulling back with a smile.
“For you, I will obey your commands,” I smile.
He hugs Starra then pulls back with a nod. “Good girl!” Rann slowly parts from Starra and walks backwards, spinning around, shuffling to the entrance wall and stands beside Ty. They stand out of Dirk’s eyesight for some reason. I sigh with puzzlement.
I stand like a princess appearing alone, quiet, uncertain, and doubtful, when two separate ironed and pressed beige tinted uniforms wear an individual purple sash representing two of Dirk’s slaves…naw…servants. The two citizens race on the side wall from an opposite open archway dragging over the dirty floor a narrow, long purple-tinted floor runner behind them. At the same time, a fleet of other servants exit the other two archways and start clearing equipment and prisoners from the center of the room. I stand near an entrance wall several feet from Rann and Ty. The stunned, surprised, and anger prisoners shuffle sideways away from the busy Dirk’s guards gathering in crooked lines, standing in front of three side walls. They stare at the new show.
The two citizens meet in the middle then turn facing the center floor dashing ahead, dragging more of the floor runner then halt in the center. They drop the last portion of the fabric on the floor that sticks from the temporary glue then spin around from each other dashing ahead, entering the opposite archway. The prisoners pack together and grumble about the action. I sigh with surprise.
Dirk must be going to sing and dance entertaining the prisoners. Yeah, he is here pardoning some prisoners, not dancing a jig. I sigh with humor.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
I smile at my happy mental thought and then twist into a sour face whispering for my eardrums only. “I’m not a prisoner.” Yeah, I remind my neurons. My prison sentence expires in fifteen minutes counting down to zero minutes. Next, I’m leaving the prison and getting married to Rann on Planet Agri. I sigh with anticipation.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
I gasp in shock then whisper for my eardrums only. “No! No! No! Everything is fine! I am getting pardoned today and right here and right now. Dirk likes drama. That’s it! That’s all!” Within the crowd of prisoners, I turn and raise on my tippy toes searching for Rann. I’m too short and can’t see him among the taller prisoners. He is there. I can feel his presence but not much more. I am nervous and worried. I sigh with trouble.
Two lines of different servants exit each opposite archway toting a musical instrument playing a cheery musical song and meet in the middle of the floor runner turning to face the audience of prisoners. I drop down on my toes and view the band members. A few happy prisoners cheer and clap with the musical song. The majority of the prisoners loudly sneer in anger. I sigh with nervousness as a wedding bride.
Dirk has sent out the band members for entertainment while he busies in the hallway or inside his carrier or in the bathroom. I sigh with madness.
A new servant enters from each opposite side the meets in the middle a few feet from the center point on the floor runner. Each servant is a tall and slender displaying a head of long blonde tinted hair and a tone of pale tinted skin, wearing a long purple tinted robe. One is a male and the other is a female appearing as the twin Master of Ceremonies for the silly ceremony of pardoning a few prisoners.
The male Master of Ceremonies speaks first into a black tinted portal comfone. “His Royal Majesty, His Highness, King Dirk, the ruler of the universe has arrived here on Planet Sahara.”
“Please stand and applaud his presence.” The female Master of Ceremonies finishes. The row of trumpet players sounds with a set of loud musical toots.
Geez! All the prisoners are standing without a sitting chair or tall bar stool and knows the name of the vicious ruler of the universe, who has placed each prisoner here including me. I sigh with annoyance.
I’m so nervous, excited, and annoyed that I’m getting married within a few more minutes. I feel sick to my stomach with worry. I might vomit up my lunch meal on top of the prisoners and then swiftly recall Rann’s advice. Be good, look pretty, and be silent! I sigh with pickiness.
A purple painted stick…naw…leg on a litter transport appears first coming from one of the side archways. Then two individual servants appear next toting half of the litter that carries a single purple tinted tiny throne chair. Dirk sits in the chair and wears his lavender tinted robes with a matching crown, waving with his hand to the prisoners. The crowd of prisoners start to sneer than grow louder into a series of boos and hisses including Starra. Each Sahara prisoner guard stands in front of the rowdy crowd of prisoners staring with a stern face at Dirk.
The litter chair rests on top of a short platform held by poles. Six servants sound with a series of loud grunts toting Dirk to the middle of the floor runner, slowly dropping the chair on the paper. The paper runner rips and tears from the heavy objects, where two floating Gbots, three male guards, and four female guards dash from each side archway flanking beside Dirk, facing the audience of prisoners.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
I execute a Tele lift using my telekinesis and slowly raise above the surrounding group of taller prisoners viewing both Rann and Ty. Each one leans against the golden paint. Rann appears mad and anger. Ty is both calm and controlled as he is always calm and in control. I sigh with envy.
I feel not calm, not in control, but my beautiful presentation appears calm. Inside my beautiful presentation, I feel a jumble of wiggling nerve endings like a set of dancing fleas inside my organs. I sigh with nervousness.
I drop down on top of the floor and hide among the prisoners stealing peeks at the ugliness of Dirk in-between the prisoners. My active neurons ponder Dirk’s trip from his home Planet of Commerce through the Wall and landing here on Planet Sahara pardon two prisoners. That is Ty’s working job.
The male MC shouts into his comfone. “Silence in here right now!” The prisoners tone down the noise.
Dirk sits in his tiny throne chair and views the prisoners, “I, King Dirk, will announce the pardon of the following prisoners.” A hovering Gbot extends its metal arm holding a mini-bot to Dirk. Dirk accepts the mini-bot and looks down taking his sweet tea time reading through the final prison report. Wasted seconds until the hour of the last minute of my prison sentence has ended. I sigh with fury.
He looks up and parts his red tinted lips. “I do not see the prisoners.”
“I beg your pardon, Your Royal Majesty, Your Highness, King Dirk.” The female MC speaks.
“I do not see the prisoners, who are listed on the report, standing in front of my throne chair for their upcoming pardon.” Dirk nods. The crowd of prisoners sounds with loud cheers.
“What is the name of the first prisoner on the list, Your Royal Majesty, Your Highness, King Dirk.” The male MC asks.
“Countess Starra.” Dirk smiles and scans the audience using his telepathy, stopping near the side wall that hides Starra.
I’m not going to bow, curtsey, or stick my tongue out to Dirk, only stand, stare, and pray getting out of here soonest. I greatly desire to marry Rann on Planet Agri within a few more minutes, when my prison sentence expires here, today, right now. I sigh with anticipation.
I exhale with annoyance and shove my body through the crowd of taller prisoners appearing alone and lonely on top of the dirty floor, slowly performing a sexy priss for my prince, not the king and then halt several feet from Dirk. He smiles at Starra. I sneer at Dirk. I sigh with murder.
He lifts the scepter in the air and sucks in tons of air molecules then says in a tenor timber, “I pardon Countess…”
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
“Wait! Wait! Wait! Halt! Stop! Stop! I cannot remain silent here, sire!” A sissy tenor shouts out loud coming from the side wall near the archway and as a short male guard wears a nicely ironed and neatly pressed blue uniform with a yellow sash, representing General Ivan’s Militia guards. He quickly stomps forward from the wall of prisoners and guards. I sigh with danger.
I spin around and sneer at the fool. I sigh with murder.
Dirk turns and nods to the male, “Who are you? Please identify your person!”
The male stops and stands several feet from the side wall and a larger distance from Starra and Dirk for body protection slowly bowing at his fat waistline to the king. He slowly stands upright and slaps his chest. “I am the bailiff of the night watch here at the prison complex.”
Then I spin around more and clearly view both Rann and Ty. Rann gasps in shock and sneers at the bailiff outlining his holstered maser with his fingertips. Ty leans into the eardrum on Rann explaining the presence of a Militia guard at the prison complex. I sigh with worry.
“Please speak to me, bailiff,” Dirk nods.
I complete my spin and view Dirk in silence but scream in horror at my bad luck. I sigh with unlucky.
“Your Royal Majesty, Your Highness, King Dirk, who is the ruler of the universe, there has been a second crime committed by a criminal, who happens to be a pardoning prisoner.” He nods with a stern face. The prisoners softly mutter with shock.
“I see.” Dirk smiles.
“The pardoning prisoner, who is still a criminal, cannot be allowed to leave the Prison Planet without another kingly punishment.”
“I will determine that. Tell me the crime of the pardoning prisoner, bailiff.” Dirk orders.
He nods. “On the night of the terrible fires, on the fourth floor, of the prisoner complex, all prisoners exited the individual sleeping units in a calm manner slowly walking down the fire steps, landing on the second floor.” He pauses. The prisoners sound with a soft groan. Bailiff continues. “All prisoners were held on the far side of this very room setting, when an observant guard noticed one of the prisoners was missing.” The prisoners sound with a soft moan.
Dirk frowns, “Who was the missing prisoner that did not escape from the fire?”
“Prisoner Starra,” He names. The prisoners sound with a soft groan.
“Stang!” I whisper for my eardrums. This demon tale concerns me. Dirk has spies. And I have enemies. This is the reason for Dirk sitting here inside the Prison Planet to investigate me. I sigh with fear.
Dirk turns and stares at Starra, “Please explain your…”
“I...” start to explain the lie.
“I will hear the bailiff’s explanation first.”
I gasp in shock then sneer at Dirk. The bailiff is employed here at the prison complex keeping order between the empty hallways without viewing or touching or yelling at a prisoner. Of course, I had accessed his mind for the truth of his story and his job function here on Planet Sahara. And I have found the nasty arsonist. I sigh with revenge.
The bailiff straightens his height and nods to Dirk. “Prisoner Starra exited the stairway like a crazed woman running, screaming, and tripping in her fancy ball gown. She tumbled to the floor head first then landed on her back spine.” I sigh with embarrassment.
The prisoners sound with laughter.
“Quiet!” The male MC yells. The prisoners lower the sound and then silence.
“Please, continue your explanation, bailiff.” Dirk nods. The prisoners sound with loud boos and hisses.
“Quiet!” The female MC shouts. The audience silences quickly.
I look over my collar bone and view Rann. He continues to sneer and slowly outlines the maser on his belt with his fingertips. I’m marrying the right guy in right timeline. Ty grabs Rann’s shooting arm and whispers into Rann’s face trying to keep the prince from committing murder in front of the witnesses.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
I exhale with annoyance of the situation then view Dirk. I sign with revenge.
Bailiff continues, “Prisoner Starra did not seem to recover quickly from the fall still resting on top of the floor. But another nice prisoner came to her aid immediately extending a warm, friendly helpful hand to Starra.” I sigh with lies.
The prisoners sound with a series of boos, hisses, and boot stomps.
“Quiet!” The male MC yells. The audience of prisoners lower the loud noise then calms down.
“Instead of gratitude, Starra grabbed the extended hand of warmth and tossed her body into the side wall harming the nice prisoner.” He nods. The prisoners sound with loud claps and cheers.
“Quiet!” The female MC shouts. The audience silences.
I sneer at Dirk and stomp my foot, “She held a maser at my face!” I sigh with truth.
Dirk gasps in alarm and snaps at the bailiff. “Did you see a maser held at Starra, bailiff?”
He shakes his head of blonde tinted hair to Dirk. “No, sire!” The prisoners sound with loud boos and hisses.
I do, indeed, have both fans and friends here. I sigh with victory.
“Quiet!” The male MC screams. The prisoner become silence.
Dirk nods. “Please continue your explanation, bailiff.
Bailiff nods, “After the prisoner was tossed into the wall, Starra stood upright and unharmed wavering in her fluffy dress.” The prisoners sound with a set of claps and cheers.
“Quiet!” The female MC shouts. The audience continues to clap and cheer louder.
Ridicule! The bailiff wasn’t standing in my shadow when I was attacked. He is tattling my attack story in the wrong order adding some made-up very creative fiction. I sigh with deep concern.
“Enough!” Dirk yells at the prisoners. But the audience continues to cheer and clap loudest.
“Quiet!” The male MC screams. The audience silences slowly.
The bailiff waits until the noise subsides then continues. “I …”
“… have heard the vital parts from your story and can make an executive decision.” Dirk smile. The prisoners sound with loud boos, hisses, and individual curse words.
I am too afraid to move or speak or think. Dirk has trapped me again. I sigh with worry.
“I wanna speak. I’m a witness.” A loud voice shouts within the prisoner audience coming from the far wall. The prisoner bodies part for the speaking prisoner. The bailiff and I swing a puzzled face to see Ula, who is my new best girl pal in the universe.
Ula stops, stands beside Starra, and smiles at Dirk. Dirk narrows his two eyelids then commands to the prisoner. “Who are you?”
Ula doesn’t smile only states the truth, “I’m Ula. My name means jewel.”
“Continue your explanation, Witness Ula.” He nods.
“Your Most High Majesty, King Dirk,” Ula bows down at her fitted waistline then stands upright, slapping her chest, nodding with a smile, “I am a witness to the alleged offense of the pardoning prisoner. Countess Starra is not a criminal.” The prisoners sound with loud claps and cheers.
“Quiet!” The female MC shouts. The audience silences quickly.
She nods. “I was saved by Countess Starra, not once, but twice.” The prisoner cheer again.
“Quiet!” The male MC yells. The audience silences again.
Ula nods. “Starra opened the stuck prison door to my jail cell, when the group of prison guards fled the fire wall on the fourth floor. She saved my life, the first time.” The prisoners sound with loud claps and cheers.
“Quiet!” The female MC yells. The audience silences quickly.
“Countess Starra saved me from an assassin’s blade. I ran out the exit steps fleeing the fires on the fourth floor and engaged the assassin and Countess Starra, by accident, of course.” Ula nods. The prisoners laugh.
“Quiet!” The male MC shouts. The audience silences quickly.
She nods, “There is no crime committed here, King Dirk. Countess Starra was blindly attacked and targeted for murder by a prisoner, whose primary job is assassination. I knew the assassin. She was very good at her job.” The prisoners sound with claps and cheers.
“Quiet!” The female MC screams. The audience silences quickly.
Dirk chuckles then comments. “It would seem the assassin was not that good. She, after all of that, ended up here inside the prison facility for her crimes.”
“Not before killing her intended three targets with precise accuracy,” she smirks. The prisoners wildly clap and cheer.
“Quiet!” The male MC yells.
Forget the farm! Ula should become a law attorney defending all the innocent citizens against Dirk as he plays the three individual roles of judge, jury, and executor with his illegal justice within the universe. I sigh with death.
“No crime has been committed here, King Dirk, only a deadly assassination attempt, which was foiled by Countess Starra, herself.” Ula nods with a smile. The prisoners start to wildly clap and cheer for both the noblette and the smarter prisoner.
“Quiet!” The female MC screams. The audience silences.
Dirk scans the wild audience of prisoners then views the annoyant Ula, saying with a smile, “Your name Ula means jewel. You have definitely clarified Starra’s dangerous situation here without question. Your prisoner name is logged on the pardon list for today, is it not?”
She gasps in shock then views Starra. I gasp in shock then sneer at Dirk. Ula turns and slowly answers Dirk, “It is, sire.”
I fold both of my hands into a pair of fighting fists feeling fury. Dirk is about to punish her and me. I sigh with revenge.
When I get out of here, if I ever get of here, then you’re dead, Dirk. I promise with crossed finger pads and a black heart not for me to die, but you. So, you’ll not hurt any more citizens in the unknown universe, including me. I sigh with kill.
I look back over my collar bone and view Rann. He is not smiling feeling the emotion of relief throughout his body. So, the prisoners know the truth too. I was setup. I sigh with justice.
“Permission to speak, Your Highness, King Dirk,” Ty shouts out loud then slaps the forearm on Rann signaling Rann to cool down. An anger Rann stands in place but continues to sneer at Dirk while outlining with finger tips on the holstered maser inside his utility belt. I sigh with justice.
Dirk looks up with a grin and motions to Ty. “Ambassador Ty, by all means, please continue the saga for my ears to hear.” He is pleased with himself regarding the convoluted communicational circumstance that has created for Starra.
This demon tale is not going my way. I sigh with distress.
Ty stops between Ula and Starra protecting Dirk from Rann and the rest of the prisoners, who are devoted to the prince. Ty bows down at his fitted waist, like a peasant, to Dirk then slowly uprights and wears a smirk. The prisoners sound with claps and cheers.
“Quiet!” The male MC shouts. The audience silences quickly.
Ty presents as a polished diplomat from the noble class. He is very well liked, by Rann, all the prisoners, all the nobles, not his foes. He and Rann are two plantation peas within the same pod.
He nods with a smile to Dirk, “Countess Starra was the last person to leave the inferno wall of deadly fires on the fourth floor. She assisted my prisoner guards saving half of the trapped inmates, without regards to her own safety.”  The prisoners wildly scream in cheers and applaud.
“Quiet!” The female MC screams. The audience silences quickly.
Dirk turns and smiles at Starra, nodding his head several times, “Starra, you are a true noble and heroine.” The prisoners start to cheer. Dirk lifts his hand as the audience calms. He smiles. The “I will award you a meal for bravery...” The prisoners start to cheer and clap again.
“Quiet!” The male MC shouts. The audience silences quickly.
“…after you have finish serving your punishment…”
The prisoners start to scream in boos and hisses at Dirk.
“Quiet!” The male MC yells. The audience silences, quickly.
No thank you, Dork! You can keep the medal and the punishment. I want out of here to marry Rann, today, right now.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
“Please allow me to continue the story, Your Highness.” Ty asks.
“Proceed.” Dirk orders.
“Countess Starra ran down the steps to the second floor from the fire. She fell as told by the employed bailiff. A prisoner identified as an assassin met Starra at the exit door. The countess single handed defended herself against a trained and competent assassin, who displayed both a full charged maser and a deadly dagger on her person.” He nods. The prisoners start to cheer and clap for Ty and Starra.
“Quiet!” The female MC screams. The audience silences quickly.
“Suddenly, a new fleeing body emerged through the fire door, hitting the assassin in the rear of her back muscles. The prisoner has been identified as Ula. Ula and the assassin fell to the floor, together. The assassin plucked Ula up from the floor, holding her upright with a maser pointed at Ula’s temple. Countess Starra jerked Ula from harm as I fired my maser killing the assassin.” Ty smiled. The audience stood and loudly cheered for Ty and Starra.
“Quiet!” The female MC shouts. The audience continues to wildly clap and cheer for Ty and Starra.
“Silence!” Dirk yells. The audience silences. He stares at Ty. “Do you kill a prisoner in cold blood?” The prisoners start to sound with boos and hisses.
“I killed an assassin as stated under Sahara laws.” Ty announces. The prisoners start to cheer and boot stomp loudly for their noble.
“Quiet!” The male MC shouts. The audience silences quickly.
“I see,” Dirk ponders and rubs his nose bridge turning to study Starra, “What to do now?” The prisoners start to scream in boos, hisses, boot stomps loudly at the nasty king.
“Quiet!” The female MC yells. The audience silences quickly.
 “Sire, you cannot allow a second crime to go on, without a punishment. Fighting and murder among inmates is not permitted here at the prison complex. Each citizen is reported as a criminal and then is punished. This is the royal law for the Prison Planet here on Planet Sahara.” The bailiff frowns and sneers at Dirk. The prisoners start to sound with low moans.
“Stang!” I whisper for my eardrums only then look over my collar bone viewing Rann. He stands against the wall paint and crossing his arms sneering watching Dirk. I sigh with murder.
“You are correct, bailiff.” Dirk addresses. The prisoners start to sound with loud boos and hisses. I return and view Dirk without a facial expression or a grunt sound. I sigh with worry.
“Quiet!” The female MC yells. The audience silences quickly.
“Prisoner Ula, you were engaged in a fight with another prisoner. Do you disagree?” Dirk asks his entrapment question. I sigh with deception.
“I cannot lie. I agree.” Ula answers with worry. She is the victim here. The prisoners start to shout in loud boos and hisses.
“Quiet!” The male MC screams. The prisoners sound louder. He shouts. “Quiet down in here!” The audience slowly down the noise down into stillness.
Dirk exhales then points his finger at Ula, nodding with a stern face. “I charge you with a new crime of prisoner harassment. I sentence you to serve out your second crime for three additional months here in the Prison Planet on Sahara. You will become pardoned once you have serviced your new crime. Do you understand my new royal order, Prisoner Ula?” The prisoners start scream in loud boos, hisses, boot stomps, and some fist fights. The prisoner guards quickly dash ahead into the prisoner fighters and break up the commotion. I sigh with worry.
“Yes, sire,” Ula meekly words and looks down at the floor without sobbing in tears.
“Quiet in here! Quiet down!” The female MC yells. After removing the troublemakers, the audience silences slowly.
“Prisoner Starra, I realize you do not understand Sahara laws.” Dirk smirks. I do not speak but stare into his dancing dangerous green tinted eyeballs as the prisoners start to scream in a set of loud boos and hisses.
“Quiet!” The male MC shouts. The audience silences quickly.
I look back over my collar bone to Rann. He has moved from the wall paint and stands a few feet away from the crowd of rowdy prisoners and a line of armed prisoner guards within the open air waves while sneering at Dirk. I sigh with murder.
“However…” He shouts then pauses for fun. “…you did accept the first crime of stealing for the young child which you did not physically commit.” Dirk reminds. The prisoners start to shout in joyous cheers.
Finally, someone notes that I didn’t do that crime, but I did do the time. I’m not a true criminal prisoner but a substitute prisoner. Thank you very much! I sigh with honor.
“Quiet!” The male MC shouts. The audience silences quickly.
Dirk nods with a stern face to Starra, “Based on the new existence of hard evidence, a visual testimony from numerous eyewitnesses. Countess Starra has participated in a fight with another prisoner and has committed the crime of harassment.” The prisoners start to sound loudly with boos, hisses, boot stomps, and strings of curse words at the king.
“Quiet!” The female MC yells. The audience continues to sing with boos and hisses at a nasty King Dirk.
“Silence!” Dirk yells with a telepathy kick into the eardrum on each prisoners and guard. I sigh with injustice.
“What about her third crime of escape?” The bailiff nods with a smile to Dirk. The prisoners start to shout in boos and hisses.
“Quiet!” The male MC yells. The audience silences quickly.
“Ambassador Ty and the other eye witnesses have explained that Prisoner Starra was aiding and rescuing some of the prisoner inmates during the fire and she was not trying to escape.” Dirk nods with a smile. The prisoners start to cheer and clap in joy.
“Quiet!” The female MC shouts. The audience silences quickly.
“No one can escape from Sahara! Isn’t that correct, Ty?” Dirk laughs with the prisoners.
“That’s correct, Dirk!” Ty smirks. Rann appears and slaps his hand on Ty’s collar bone. I sigh with friendship.
Dirk nods to Starra, “I, King Dirk, declare you absolved of the third crime which is entitled escapement. But for your second crime…”
The prisoners start to scream in boos and hisses again.
“Quiet!” The male MC yells. The audience silences quickly.
“I, King Dirk, convict and ten sentence the current Prisoner Starra to serve six months of time inside the Prison Planet on Sahara for a second crime of harassment.” He smiles. The prisoners start to riot with screams of boos and fist fights with the guards while shouting out strings of curse words at the king. I sigh with worry.
“Quiet!” The female MC shouts. The prisoners continue to fight and scream at Dirk.
“Silence!” Dirk yells with a touch of telepathy into each mind. However, his soft telepathy warning into each anger mind is not calming the beasty prisoners.
I continued to stand in place sobbing with worry, releasing my hot tears of unhappiness. I look back over my collar bone and view Rann. He is furiously anger taking a step towards Dirk. I sigh with murder.
His friend and the noble of Sahara side steps and then collides into Rann spinning around, exhaling a set of sour breaths with a string of secret words into Rann’s face. Rann slightly nods but still sneers at both Ty and Dirk.
Ty elegantly spins around blocking Rann for protection and views a smiling Dirk. Ty is a calm and controlled noble facing a deadly dilemma regarding both his two friends Starra and Rann. I sigh with prison.
“Silence in here! Silence in here! Your king has spoken in here!” The female MC yells.
The side lines of Gbots and guard form around the sitting chair. The prisoners continue to riot and shout curse words at Dirk.
“Silence!” Dirk releases the word with a stronger kick of telepathy into each mind then slowly stands moving away from the sitting chair, dragging his lavender tinted robes over the dirty floor. He shouts and stares at Starra, “Enough!” The prisoners start to scream in boos and hisses at the king.
“Quiet!” The male MC shouts.
“Silence!” Dirk yells then halts a few feet from his sitting chair. The audience continues to scream in boos, hisses, and boot stomps at the nasty king.
“King Dirk!” Ty shouts and smiles. The audience immediately calms down into a whisper.
Wow! Ty is the man here.
He presents a quiet smile and possesses a calm demeanor. This is his castle, his planet, and his subjects.
“Speak!” Dirk stands in place and stares at Ty with curiosity.
“You have errored in your prisoner sentencing.” He nods. The prisoners start to cheer and clap for Ty.
“Quiet!” The female MC screams. The audience obliges.
“What!” Dirk gasps in shock. The prisoners laugh.
“Quiet!” The male MC yells. The audience silences quickly.
“Please allow me to explain.” Ty nods.
“Proceed.” Dirk nods.
“The royal law decrees that the Crown determines if a citizen has committed a crime. If so, the prisoner is convicted and then sentenced for punishment with their crime. The prisoner serves his or her time in the Prison Planet on Sahara.”
“Yes.” Dirk hisses.
“Under Sahara law, if a prisoner commits a second prisoner crime while serving his or her current prisoner time, then the additional prisoner sentencing for a second or more prisoner crimes are determined by the noble of Planet Sahara.” Ty clicks his tongue then smirks to Dirk. The prisoners start to laugh and clap for their noble.
“Quiet!” The male MC screams. The audience silences quickly.
“How is that so, Ambassador Ty, the noble of Sahara?” Dirk wears a stern face of confusion. I sigh with puzzlement.
“The new royal policy was submitted by Prince Rann, who was once the noble of Planet Sahara. The new royal law was approved and then executed under King Bartholomew’s legal reign here within the Prison Planet.” Ty nods with a smile to Dirk. The prisoners start to cheer and clap for Ty.
“Quiet!” The female MC yells. The audience silences quickly.
“I see.” Dirk mumbles with disappointment.
“Therefore, Sahara policy number 813.90 states if any prisoner commits an additional prisoner crime here on the Prison Planet, then the noble of Sahara will determine the prisoner punishment deemed necessary, based on prisoner time served, prisoner behavior presented, prisoner’s family background, and the prisoner inmates involved.” Ty smile then bows at his fitted waistline, like a true nobleman. The prisoners start to cheer and clap for their noble.
“Quiet!” The male MC shouts. The audience silences quickly.
“You are a very wise noble, Ty. I commend your great skills and vast knowledge of the prison system and all the Sahara noble laws.” Dirk smirks with a set of grinding molars. The prisoners start to cheer and clap louder for their noble again.
“Quiet!” The female MC shouts. The audience silences quickly.
“I am the noble of Sahara, King Dirk. I know all the Sahara laws and all the prisoners.” Ty proudly proclaims. The prisoners start to wildly cheer and clap again.
“Quiet!” The male MC screams. The audience does not calm down but continues to scream in loud cheers and claps.
“You are at that.” Dirk whispers for his eardrums only.
“Quiet!” Both the female and the male MC screams. The audience silences quickly.
“I, Ambassador Ty, adjust for Prisoner Ula, her second crime of harassment serving her prisoner punishment for three more days. After the third evening, Prisoner Ula will complete her prisoner time served, become fully pardoned, and then returned to her home world of Resort.” Ty decrees. The prisoners start with cheers and claps.
“Quiet!” The male MC yells. The audience silences quickly.
“Prisoner Starra has thirty seconds remaining upon her first prisoner sentence by King Dirk. Thus, Prisoner Starra will completed her first prisoner sentence I, Ambassador Ty, will adjust her second prisoner crime of harassment serving her second prisoner punishment for one week.” Ty nods. The prisoners start to cheer and clap for Ty.
“Quiet!” The female MC shouts. The audience silences quickly.
“I do not understand. How do you recalculate Starra’s prisoner sentence at six months down to one week, Ty?” Dirk asks.
“The data is based on the first crime of stealing, the second crime of harassment, Starra’s very good prisoner behavior, her family’s background and the number of prisoner inmates involved.” Ty nods. The prisoners start to cheer and clap.
I continue to stand and fake a smile as I do not understand the recalculation formula either. But I’ll be serving one week or five more days or 100 more hours. I’m supposed to be attending a wedding ceremony within a few minutes, not a prisoner ritual. I sigh with great disappointment.
“Quiet!” The male MC shouts. The audience silences quickly.
“Hmm! That is very fascinating to me. I would like for you to review those prison calculations with me later today.” Dirk nods. The prisoners start to cheer and clap.
“Quiet!” The female MC shouts. The audience silences quickly.
“I would be happy to review any and all prisoner protocols at your convenience, King Dirk,” Ty bows down at his fitted waistline like a nobleman. The prisoners start to clap and cheer again.
Dirk spins around and tosses his arm in the air shouting out loud to the rowdy prisoners, “I, King Dirk dismiss the prisoner hearing.” He sits in the chair. The chair lifts from the floor then turns flying back into the side archway with his paid servants following behind. I sigh with relief.
I swing around and sprint colliding into Ty, pulling back and smile. “Thank you, Ty!” I giggle with happiness. Yeah, I am still a prisoner of five more days, not six more months. Ty tenderly hugs Starra. Rann quickly appears and gently jerks Starra away from Ty giving her a hug. Rann is a jealous male. I must remember that new information in the future. I sigh with true love.
Ty smiles at the cute couple. “It’s a good thing Dirk didn’t know about Rann’s adjustment to the Sahara law for any and all prisoner resentencing.”
Rann pulls back and slides Starra to his side nodding with a stern face to Ty, “Dirk is not a fool. He tried to stump you but epically failed. I owe you one, buddy.” He slaps Ty’s collar bone then hugs Starra again. I sigh with true love.
“There’s always a second time to play the fool,” Ty laughs along with Rann.
I smile, “Thank you! Thank you! Ya’ll both stumped a foolish Dirk.” I sigh with gratitude.
“He isn’t that hard to fool the first time and then for a third time either,” Rann chuckles.
“Starra is extremely lucky that Dirk decreed his second prisoner ruling within the time limit of a few minutes here on Sahara. Or Starra would become my prisoner here for another six more months,” he smiles.
“Starra will never serve as a new or old prisoner here on Sahara, if that had happened, Ty,” Rann sneers. I sigh with worry.
“No one has ever escaped from Sahara, Rann.” He smiles.
“There’s always the first time, Ty!” Rann growls.

On the 16th hour, in the early evening, Ty gasps in shock then snarls at his friend. “Don’t ever repeat that to me, again, Rann, if I’m standing within the same room with you, buddy,” he reaches out and slaps the collar bone on Rann as they both laugh with amusement. I sigh with annoyance.

Alien Day 156


Prisoner sleeping unit number 78
Temporary home of Starra

7th hour (early morning)
Sizzling heated air currents without clouds at 100°F


I awake seeing the same golden tinted ceiling tiles using my same eyeballs, knowing the same place, jail. At this rate, I’m never going to get married, since I’m never going to get out of here, jail. I replay the terrible events from yesterday within my worried mind. Then, I was only defending my person against a trained assassin, who was attempting to murder my soul. Now, I’m sentenced for one week or five days in a week. There is 50 hours in a day and 50 minutes within an hour, and 50 seconds in a minute. I calculate the math inside my neurons. One week or five days or 100 hours or 5,000 minutes or 250,000 seconds, then I will marry Rann. He always keeps his promise to every citizen. I sigh with promise.
The door swings open and reveals the standard black tinted dangerous robot, saying in a monotone, “Prisoner Starra, your breakfast tray is served.”
I cringe with my same old non-noble title. I sigh with disappointment.
I hear the nose using my Tele eardrums as my two eyelashes are shut again with pretend slumber. A long and wide flying food tray bangs against the granite-covered archway. I have lost my devoted honor guard unit but do not to worry.
Ty is the noble in charge of his castle, his prison, and his planet, who is both privately and personally watching over Starra. Walls of new comlens have been installed inside the outer room last night for an unwelcomed visitor or rodent. Ty has promised to protect Starra for the extended time one week or five days or 100 hours or 5,000 minutes or 250,000 seconds. I sigh with safety.
No one is going to harm or talk or breath on Starra. Ty and Rann both had a meeting with the rest of the nice and nasty male and female Sahara prison guards and a few of the more influential life-time permanent prisoner inmates here on the Prison Planet. I wasn’t invited, of course, but heard all the flying rumors. Sizzling gossip travels fast than a fire!
Rann has offered tons of his currs for Starra’s protection. In the same sentence, he has offered an instantaneous immediate painful death kill using both of his naked hands with harm to his precious petite princess.
Do you like my ‘P’ sounds?
Last evening, the rumor mill was truthful and true. Some of the nastier prisoner inmates were giving Starra a wide berth as she strolled back to her prisoner sleeping unit for slumber.
Yeah, I’m not popular but protected. I sigh with true love.
“Get up!” Sim appears in her same golden tinted outfit but smells fresh like a garden of roses and stands inside the archway wearing a happy smile, moving ahead then leaps from the floor and lands on top of the second bed mattress. She messes up the neatly pressed linens and lies on her stomach speaking to Starra, “What we are going to do today, Starra?”
Ula arrives eating from her food tray and sits beside Sim starting to talk and then tongue spits an array of chewed food particles in the air. Starra quickly surrounds a Tele bubble around her body. Each chewed food particles slams into the invisible protection shield. Ula laughs. “We could leave here and go for the tryouts.” She swallows the food items.
“What is a tryout?” Sim frowns at Ula.
“The tryouts are being held at the Game stadium today,” she smiles with food bits between her front teeth and dumps the plate on top of the floor.
I exhale with annoyance. My assigned Wbot will clean up the mess. I sigh with frustration.
Jia enters first then her sister Jai stands in-between the open archway wearing the same prisoner outfit also, staring at Starra. Jia nods. “Are we allowed...”
“… to leave the prison?” Jai finishes.
“If we wanna go and tryout for a position on the Game, then we are.” Ula turns and smiles at Jia then Jai. “I be leaving here and going to Commerce trying out for a position one of the Game teams.” She leans over and fist bumps with Jia.
I exhale with frustration and fake a smile, “O! That’s great!”
“I wanna play a sport too,” Sim smiles at Starra.
“I do.” Jai smiles.
“…too…” Jia grins.
I finish my tumbler of milk then smile with a white tinted mustache, “Let’s go and get some fresh air on Commerce and check out the sporting game opportunities for all of us!” I wipe my wet lips with the back of my hand as my four girl pals both hoot and clap with happiness. Ula leads her four new friends and exits Starra’s sleeping unit slowly shuffling down the same but busy corridor following with a gang of loud, rowdy, muscular prisoners towards the exit archway.
I don’t bother to change out of my wrinkled golden tinted halter top, my matching split-sided skirt, and my new pair of matching thigh-high boots. I don’t dream of winning a game player spot on one of the noble football teams as I don’t know much about the Game sporting event.
Yeah, of course, I do.
There is an oval-shaped football, twenty tall bulky players, and two yelling coach. There’re tons of spilled red tinted blood proteins, twisted guts, broken bones, and torn fleshy tissue spreading over the once manicured green tinted grassy field, after all the dust, liquids, and fights end. I cringe with my make-believe pain. All of my girl pals wanna join and play this dangerous and deadly sporting game event. I sigh with guts.
I have one goal, marriage. But that ain’t going to happen today, so I’ll settle for an alternative action getting outta of my prison jail cell for a few hours, seeing the sun, feeling the wind, and sniffing the fresh air.
Ty is somewhere around the prison complex but is very busy with his noble prison work. Rann is located with his farm work on Planet Agri and Dirk fiddles with his royal counting all the currs stolen from Prince Rann.
I am a free citizen for a few hours today. I sigh with temporary freedom.
Inside the prison complex, the same hallway ends at an extra-tall and wide exit archway flowing onto an extra-tall and wide outside balcony that a freighter ship. Ula leads her friends into one ship and huddles together in the rear compartment laughing with excitement. I sigh with freedom again.

One hour later through space and time, three passenger ships arrive at the 11th hour of a bright sunny day, with rows of broken white tinted clouds and 71 degrees Fahrenheit, on Planet Commerce, parking on top of the cobblestone road. Now, I understand the broken stones.
Each passenger…naw…prisoner…exits the ship shuffling into the game stadium, walking over the newly planted manicured grass.
I stare and smile at the pretty day with rays of bright burning sunshine on my freckles. I’m not allowed to play inside the swimming pool on top of Ty’s castle as I am a prisoner. I snort out numerous puffs of stinky air from both of my nose holes traveling inside a freighter ship along with all the smelly prisoners, the smelly animals, sniffing the odors of cow patties and some dead chicken bodies within a hot and humid enclosed cargo bay. I sigh with oxygen.
A garrison of Sahara prison guards surround and escort the gang of prisoners towards the metal bleacher seats. I sigh with prisoner.
Ula leads her new friends towards the bleacher seats. I veer sideways from the column of girls and wander onto the short grassy field seeing the new candidates exercising for a tryout. The fresh air waves and the rays of heated sunshine work perfectly activating all my mischievous neurons. I bravely shuffle towards a huddle of game players, halt, then look behind my collar bone and smile at Ula. Ula stands in the bleacher seats with the other prisoners. I sway back and forth then yell at the coach. “I wanna participate in the Game sporting event.”
Among the circular huddle, a big, fugly ugly player looks over his collar bone and views Starra.
“You’re standing in the wrong line. The sporting event cheerleaders are forming a line in front of the bleacher seats, doll.” The other active players, all the assistant coaches, and all the potential candidates laugh at Starra. I sigh with disrespect.
“Shut up, fool!” Ula appears and stands beside Starra sneering at the line of citizens. I sigh with respect.
“I wanna to play in the sporting game event.” I repeat my demand as they laugh again. I sigh with competition.
Ula points her finger and growls at the coach, “The countess wants to play ball.”
The coach parks both of his fists on his hips winking and wearing a smile to Starra, “And what Game position can the countess qualify to assume on my football team?” He appears like the ancient Earth myth of Santa Claus standing with average height, a big round belly, and a long white tinted beard.
My eyeballs dart to each true player and as my neurons recall the different player position. I smile at the coach, “I can play the role of a running back or a quarterback or a kicker.” I do not desire a game challenging position on a football team.
But I can fight with my fists and my Tele talents. I beat Dirk every single time within each past alien timelines. I desire to try a least physical position on a football team. With my awesome four Tele talents, I can toss a football and then catch ti for the winning touchdown standing in-between the two yellow tinted goal posts as a one wo-man team. I sigh with talent.
The coach laughs. “Let’s see here! You’re too short for a quarterback, and you’re too short for a defensive linebacker, and you’re too short for an offensive tackle. All my running back positions are filled. But you can join and plan on the fifth string backup team.” The active players, the assistant coaches, and the potential candidates laugh with the coach. I sigh with fury.
The backup team stops on the fourth-string inexperienced football game players, who are the absolute worse players not on the field, but they are allowed to suit-up in a team jersey and stand with the rest of the talented players with honor. Rann and Ty talks about the football game standing inside the Sahara skybox at the Game sporting event while I eat food watching them with my two eyeballs, listening with my two eardrums. So, I do know about the sporting game rules, compliments of my man Rann. I wish he play hooky from the Agri farm work and come and visit here for some K and K, ya’ll. Kiss and Kuddles, honey bunny! I sigh with true love.
The coach is both a rude and mean person offering with a wicked grin, “As for a game position on my team, I got a good offensive kicker. I need is a special team kicker.” His eyeballs cut to his assistant coach then return back to see Starra, “If you can toss me, then you can play on my game team,” he snickers along with his game players, coaches, and candidates. I sigh with fun.
My eyeballs slant eyes down to the manicured grass and then ahead to the twin goal posts returning back to see the coach. I grin, “Which direction can I toss your as…”
“Ask and you should receive, ain’t that right, coach!” Ula leans over with a wicked grin and shouts for all eardrums, “Lemme toss him for you, princess. I know you won’t get on the noble team, but I’ll very much enjoy it for certain.” She laughs alone.
The coach gasps in shock. He knows as well as I. I can order Ula to take my noble place for the invited game tryout. This whole unnamed universe accepts the challenges and the abuses from other citizens carrying out their dirty deeds. I sigh with intolerance.
I am here standing and not enjoying the bright sunrays and the warm swimming pool there at my noble castle with my fiancé Rann. The things I have to do for fun entertainment from my small confided prison jail cell. I sigh with amusement.
I bow my arms out signaling an acceptance of his challenge. The coach nods with a wicked grin and slowly back steps away from Starra. I back step creating more working room placing both of my shoes in a wide stance for an anticipated attack…naw…test.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
From my peripheral vision, I see him. My wishes do come true!
Rann is strutting on top of the manicured lawn wearing his knee boots, walking besides Ty. Both are not working their assigned noble jobs but pointing fingers, shaking hands, and slapping numerous collar bone with the new potential game candidates like a crooked politician. Rann is here searching for some new potential game candidates for the sorry football team Agri Farmers. I sigh with frustration.
The coach, the assistance coaches, the active players, and the potential candidates nod to both Rann and Ty. The coach smiles. “Sire, you’re in time. I’m testing a new kicker.”
The two arrogant nobles knock their skulls together and whisper to each other regarding the crop of potential candidates. Ty halts beside Ula then turns expressing shock and surprise. Rann calmly strolls behind Ty, stops and stares at Starra. Ty reaches out and grabs Rann’s forearm holding his friend in place. I sigh with friendship.
I continue to stand and turn winking at Rann, executing a Tele probe with my telepathy on his open mind. Rann is feeling terribly upset, confused, and worried. I sigh with sweet candy.
I return and smile at the coach. “I’m ready, coach!” The coach smirks and leans his king-sized body towards Starra. I bend both of my kneecaps for the attack…naw…the tryout. He bows out his two arms wanting a hugging embrace from Starra. He isn’t going to attack but hug Starra into quitting. I’m not giving up here and execute my first move lifting my boot toe in the air then stomp ahead forward.
He swiftly reacts then leaps from the grass barely an inch of math distance between him and Starra fluttering his two fat arms like an Agri butterfly. I’m a quicker attacker grabbing one of his flinging fatty forearm. He magically floats like a zipper ship then spins around the air currents coming from my Tele spin. I execute a Tele control at the height of three feet and a speed of two-miles-per-hour. After the fourth rotational spin, I release his fatty forearm.
The coach soars in the air like an Agri bird then gently lands on his belly fat coming from my Tele flight. He flips and then flops on his back spine like a dead fish wigging both of his hands, legs, and sneakers in the air while breathing in huffs of heavy tons of air molecules. He feels fear and fright, not harm. I sigh with fun.
I ain’t going to hurt his body. The coach is a nice citizen even with his nasty insult. I do, indeed, believe he has learned a valuable lesson: do not judge a girly book by its cover, an ancient Earth expression.
I execute a Tele zap with my telemetabolics scanning his biological condition, finding him both fine and fat. He is heavier overweight contributing to a heavy landing and a confused state of mind. All the active players, the other coaches, all the assistant coaches, and the potential candidates race to the coach checking his medical condition. Numerous Bots flies from the sidelines then halt surrounding the grounded coach toting an oxygen tank and a bag of medical supplies to care for the confused man. I sigh with healthy.
Rann shifts around Ty and grabs Starra pulling her over the grassy the field into his heated body, spinning around and face the sidelines. He moves ahead with her and sneers into her nose profile, “What are you doing out here, from your prisoner cell, Starra?” We travel away from the crowds of players and walk alone over the grassy field.
I clear my throat and then smile at the sidelines. “I am here away from my pen trying out for a position…”
“I am not referencing the Game tryouts, Starra. I mean…”
“I know…” what you mean Rann without addressing his posed question. I smile and flirt for fun. I sigh with true love.
We march into a new building painted in dull vanilla tones that smells like stinky socks. The inner lobby contains glass shelves with numerous silver and gold trophies. The lobby leads into two avenues that are designated as locker rooms without a sliding door.
Rann stops and stands in front of Starra. “Why are you located here at the game field, Starra?”
I waddle sideways and toss both of my arms in the air. “Well, I was bored and wanted outta of my prisoner jail cell.” I sign with true love.
“Starra, you’re not a prisoner criminal and should not be inside a prisoner jail cell.”
“I know.” I’m your princess and continue to wiggle my body and flirt using my batting eyelashes at Rann. I sigh with true love.
“The game, the sport, and the prison, all of these places are very dangerous for you, Starra.”
“I know.” I’m a Tele Mistress. I sigh with true love.
“I’m trying my very best to protect you, Starra.” He exhales with huffs of bad breath.
“I know.” Rann isn’t using my cute pet names.
He back steps from Starra and stares at her eyeballs. We stand in silence and face each other like a married couple. He frowns. “Why are you doing this to me?”
I shrug my shoulder and slap my hands on my legs saying with nervousness, “I’m just having some fun here, Rann. That’s all!” I sign with my evilness.
He yells. “What! How are you having fun?” Rann exhales with sour breathes and then inhales with fresh air molecules shaking his curls. “I will escort you back to the Prison Planet.” He reaches out and wiggles his hand. I sigh with fury.
I gasp in shock and back step from his hand and his body, wiggling my body and my arms. “I came with my girls.” I sigh with frustration.
He gasps in shock. “What! Who are your girls?” He exhales then inhales clean air molecules nodding with a stern face. “I heard you had a following there at the prison complex.” Rann frown and shakes his curls. I sigh with annoyance.
I cross my arms and expose my diamond ring. “Do not embarrass me here, Rann!”
He gasps in shock, “How am I embarrassing you? I do believe that you are embarrassing me.”
I drop my arms and stomp my boot sole, “I am an embarrassment to you. Is that what you are telling me, sir?”
He crosses his arms and nods with a stern face in silence.
Well, we have a stare down…naw…a stand down…naw…a stand-off. I sigh with determination.
Rann is dressed in his tradition outfit and acts like a prince saying with a stern face, “Maybe!”
I suck in my sour air molecules and say with a firm tone, “Maybe, I will become an embarrassment to you at the wedding.”
“Maybe.”
“Maybe, we should postpone the wedding.”
“Maybe.”
“Maybe, we should cancel the wedding.”
“Maybe.”
“Maybe, we should not get married.”
“Maybe,” Rann softly speaks.
I suck in my sour air molecules then cut my eyelashes down at my left hand pulling…naw…yanking…naw…tugging on the diamond ring from my bloated fourth ring finger. The weather is beautifully hot and humid inside the Game stadium making my five fingers bloated with water and sweat, after my physical flinging maneuver with the fat body on the coach. Finally, the ring loosens from my bloated finger flying in the air towards Rann. He is quick and catches the item with his hand without smiling.
I don’t smile. He doesn’t speak. I don’t speak. His brown eyes are sad; my gray eyes are sadder. I sigh with sadness.
I shuffle around Rann without facing my new prisoner friends and quickly dash ahead down one of the darkened avenues turning into the first dark, quiet locker room, wearing a pair of moist eye sockets, seeing a blurry outline on each wall. I keep marching with my chin held high and as my eye sockets flood with my wet hot tears rolling down two cheekbones. I sigh with unhappiness.
I stumble over my big feet then tumble with a pair of weak legs pacing towards the wall corner and then halt. I squat down and cram into a triangular-shaped wooden hut. I close the door without a sound. The nicely oiled hydraulics silently work. I sigh with quietness.
This is an awful alien timeline. I wanna go back home on Planet Earth. I sigh with homesickness.
I fold both of my two arms on top of my two bony kneecaps placing my forehead gently over my two elbows crying with hot tears, sobbing with sadness. I sigh with depression.
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
I hear loud noises coming down the same avenue.
“Starra!” Rann shouts and slowly walks down the same avenue. His words echo down the hallway, into the locker room, through the triangular-shaped wooden hut and into her eardrums.
“Go away, Rann!” I whisper for my eardrums, only, without lifting my face from my elbows.
“Rann!” Ty yells and dashes down the same avenue. His words echo down the hallway, into the locker room, through the triangular-shaped hut and into her eardrums.
“Go away, Ty!” I whisper for my eardrums, only, without moving.
“Where are you, Starra?” Rann shouts and enters the locker room flipping on the lights. I remain secretly hidden away from Rann. He surveys the empty, cold room.
“Where are you, Rann?” Ty shouts then appears inside the archway of the locker room.
“Here!” He scans the locker room space for Starra.
“What are you doing in here?” Ty stops and stands beside Rann scanning the room.
“I’m looking for Starra.”
“Is she in here?”
Rann shakes his curls. “She went down this way.”
Ty smiles. “Then she went further down the avenue and found the rear door exit. She went back onto the game field.”
He frowns. “I guess so.”
Ty turns and smiles at the nose profile on Rann. “Starra is mad. Give her some time to calm down.”
Time to calm down! Yeah, give me a thousand and one years from now, I might become a little more tolerable. I sigh with fight.
“What am I going to do with her?” He exhales with worry.
Ty chuckles. “I thought you’re going to marry her.”
“I am trying.”
“She returned her diamond engagement ring to you.”
Rann holds the ring in the palm of his hand and studies the glittering diamonds. “I’m so lost.”
“Starra needs both freedom and purpose. She’s a very high spirited and independent girl.”
Yeah, baby, that’s me.
“She’s also reckless and careless.” Rann insults.
Hey, man, that ain’t me.
“She can be. Starra has good intentions.” Ty chuckles.
That’s right, babe!
 “Starra has great intentions. She’s beloved by everyone.”
I am. That’s great!
“You and she are a perfect couple, Rann.” Ty smiles.
Yeah, boy, we are. I sigh with true love.
“I know,” Rann remarks.
“You can’t control her.” Ty comments.
“I can’t convenience her, either.”
“Then don’t?” Ty grins.
“What?” He gasps in shock then frowns at his best pal.
“You should allow Starra to have her way.”
He shakes his curls. “Her way, she wants to participate as a player in the Game. The sport is too dangerous for her and too deadly for me. I don’t want her playing the Game.”
Ty nods with a smile. “Starra is a very talented girl. You can’t keep telling her what to do, Rann.”
That’s right. You tell him, Ty.
“I know. What am I to do?” He asks.
“Your only option is to let her play in the Game.” Ty nods.
He gasps in worry, “Are you crazy with some insane thoughts, Ty? Starra, she will get hurt, maybe killed.”
Ty says, “Not if, we are very careful, Rann.”
“What! What does that statement mean?” He frowns.
“Starra is spreading her wings as a new and young noblette.”
“That’s an understatement.” He softly chuckles.
Ty nods and slaps his chest, “So, Starra can play any Game position, for me, on my team.”
He gasps. “The Sahara Golden Warriors team is the toughest and strongest and meanest Game team in the universe.”
“I know,” Ty winks.
He shakes his curls, “Starra can’t compete with a set of highly trained and highly talented professional athletics, Ty.”
“I know.”
He frowns, “I don’t understand your logic, buddy.”
“I am the owner.” Ty nods.
“Yes.”
“I am the manager.”
“Yes.”
“I call the plays.”
“Yes.”
“I handle the players.” Ty nods with a smile.
“Yes.” Rann says.
“So, I will personally draft Starra and let allow her participate in one or two hard-hitting, rough, tough, and rowdy Game practices for fun.” Ty chuckles. “Then she will become so girly humiliated and quit the Game team. Her prison sentence will be completed also, and Dirk must release Starra from her prisoner cell jail. Next, Starra, she will become a free noblette and back into your arms before the end of the week.” He laughs along with Rann.
“Yes! I mean, that’s all too bad for her.” Rann chuckles along with Ty.
“Too bad for her!”
“Starra has so much heart and soul for the Game thou.” He laughs along with Ty.
Ty nods, “I wholeheartedly agree.”
“That’s an excellent Game plan, buddy!” He continues to smile and softly chuckles.
“Thank you!” Ty nods.
“Great geniuses think alike,” He slaps the collar bone on Ty.
I still secretly hide and fume with anger at the two nobles sitting inside my hut-shaped hole.
“When Plan A does not work, you go to Plan B.” Ty chuckles.
“Let’s get back to the field and go and find Starra. I wanna be present there, when you draft her for your Game team. The upcoming act is going to become priceless.” Rann nods.
They nosily exit the locker room still laughing like a pair of Agri jackals at their new Game plan.
Inside the hut-shaped locker, I don’t hear any more voices or heavy footballs inside the locker room or outside the hallway. I push open the door then unfold from a twisted pretzel standing upright in anger. “Plan B has been overruled by Plan C!” I huff out tons of air molecules and smash away the piles of dried tears and eye crust using my finger pads from my two moisture eye sockets slowly stumbling out the locker room then down the hallway and into a bright sunlight. I am trapped inside my prisoner cell and here on the game field, but I have developed my new Plan C as soon as I figure it out, before I reach the football field with the players and the two nobles. I sigh with plan.
On top of the manicured grassy field, I slowly pace ahead towards scattered huddles of active players and potential candidates as all eyeballs watch. I hope my freckles aren’t too water-stained with dried tears losing my tough girl image now. The coach is yelling at someone. My four girl pals sit cross-legged within an ugly circle on top of the grass while talking and laughing.
Ula, of course, is vigilantly watching for Starra standing upright, running ahead to greet her new friend, “Are you alright, Starra?” She paces with Starra.
“Fine!” I stare at the coach, when my eyeballs wonder sideways. Ty and Rann hang in the background around some of the active Game players giving ball pointers on each playing position like a professional athletic. I halt then plop down on top of the soft grass beside Ula and my other girl pals.
The coach completes his yelling tirade at the young adult male then swings to face Starra nodding with a smile, “Well, Starra, you are qualified as my backup kicker as far as I’m concerned. I’ve to get the okay from my boss first.” The boss and his bossy sidekick slowly approach the coach. The coach turns to face Ty and points down at Starra. “Ty, I want to offer the backup kicker position to Starra. She did pass my little test.” He smiles with pride. Ty smirks and Rann grins executing their evil deal regarding Starra. I sigh with depression.
I’m the pawn again. I don’t bother to stand, salute, or bow to the two arrogant noblemen still sitting on top of the cool grass. I know the answer to the question. I had overheard the two arrogant noblemen talking inside the locker room with Plane B as Ty so cleverly called it. I sigh with disgust.
Wo-man, I’m trapped, again. Even after I serve my jail time as a prisoner on Sahara, I’ll be obligated to Ty as a player on his noble Game team. Then I’ll have to make another deal to get out of his noble arrangement both involving and revolving around Rann, since he is the true deal maker of my life. I sigh with anger.
Ty doesn’t bother to lower his noble position down to Starra hovering over her hair roots, saying with a firm tone to the prisoner. “Please stand, Starra!” She slowly stands and sneers at Ty as she is a prisoner for another week, not a noblette. Ty plays his noble role, nodding with a fake smile, “Starra, I personally have witnessed your amazing talent throwing a very large adult male across the game field. You’re most qualified to play any ball position in the Game sporting event.” He doesn’t insult like Rann. “I would very honored and privileged to have you on my noble Game team, playing the position of backup kicker for the Sahara Golden Warriors.” He extends his hand to her. I sigh with deception.
I cross my arms and nod back to Ty, “How much?”
He gasps in shock still holding out his hand to Starra, “I beg your pardon.”
I nod. “How many currs is paid as a backup kicker for playing on the Sahara Golden Warriors team?”
Ty cuts his eyelids to Rann. Rann and Ty both forgot about that negotiated currs which is part of the Game program. The huddle of active players, assistance coaches, the new players, and my girl pals softly chuckle at Starra’s demand.
Ty returns and views Starra then nods to each one of his old and new team members, “Currs with be paid handsomely for all football positions with the Sahara Golden Warriors. I’ll arrange an individual session with each game player, this afternoon, after returning back to my castle.”
That answer ain’t good enough for me. I shout and shake my curls. “Naw! I wanna know here, right now, Ambassador Ty. That’s the point of playing for a certain Game team based on my talents and the paying noble who pays the highest curr amount for me. Isn’t it, sir?” You cannot argue with Starra’s alien logic. I sigh with victory.
Rann swiftly paces beside Ty and announces for all eardrums, “Starra, don’t worry about that! You and all the players will be well compensated with tons of currs for your talents as a Game player.”
I don’t care about the currs. I have more than enough currs in my account. Ty can pay me eight currs or 80 million currs. This is about my freedom within the universe which I lost insulting nasty Dirk. That act and reaction had landed me in prison for another five days. So, I use a little bite of influence for a little bit of freedom from the prison complex flying to Commerce for some fun with my new girl pals. We were hanging around the ball field when encountering an obstacle named Rann. Rann likes to control every situation, a little too much in my opinion, since he likes to control me, but he can’t. I sigh with victory.
Now, I am still serving a prison sentence inside a jail cell paired with becoming a legally obligated player for a Game team. Therefore, there’s no freedom for me within the tenth alien time line. Rann is correct. I really don’t know anything about the Game. My blunder is too perfect for Rann.
Ty is a smart noble, also, using my playing status as a team member in exchange for leverage to gain my freedom from prison, not from Rann. Rann is mad with Starra, but that’ll pass. All things pass in time. I sigh with disappointment.
“Do you have any more questions, Starra?” Ty does not smile but stares at troublemaker Starra then he views each one of his players within the loose huddle. The good little devoted girls and boys shake a head of sweaty hair roots in silence acknowledgement. Ty spins around and smiles back at Starra, “Very good!”
My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling!
“King Dirk,” a player loudly exclaims and stands several yards away from Starra. Every pair of eyeballs turn to view Dirk. Some face bow down towards the manicured grass.
Dirk turns and approaches the huddle with 
I don’t bow or spit in Dirk’s direction along with both Ty and Rann.
I execute a Tele probe with my telepathy for fun reading some specific open minds.
Rann stares at Dirk and fumes with anger while mentally thinking some wicked vile actions towards the king. I’m glad Rann is not carrying one of his favored weapons, the maser.
Ty is mentally thinking a set of ferocious foul thoughts towards Dirk. Ty is a true nobleman carrying his maser hidden inside his golden vest pocket.
“Your Royal Highness, what’s your pleasure this afternoon?” The coach meets and greets nodding with a smile to the king. The other players nod a head of sweaty hair roots like nice royal subjects of the Crown.
Dirk stops and stands wearing a lavender silk cloak underneath his lavender tinted tunic, a pair of matching trousers, and a pair of matching shoes nodding with a smile to the coach. “I’m recruiting candidates for my own Game team, the Commerce Royalists and the Bonita Loyalists.” Original titles, maybe, Dirk has some brains but definitely no currs. He turns and nods to Ty. “Has your team been filled, Ambassador Ty?”
“Yes, Sire.” Ty addresses as a polished nobleman.
“Rann.” Dirk inquires eyeballing Rann.
“My team is ready for action.” Rann nods.
Dirk scans each one of Ty’s players then his light green eyes meets the noblette. “Starra! What are you doing here at the ball field on Commerce?”
The coach wiggles sideways with his silly dance and points to Starra saying with a smile, “This little noblette is going to become my backup kicker on the Sahara Golden Warriors team.”
He turns and frowns at Starra, “Do you know how to play football, Starra?”
The coach nods. “She does and she’s good.”
Keep talking Coach! Dirk is very amused and interested in Starra. Rann is getting very heated and very jealous of Dirk. If Dirk doesn’t leave the field, the planet, and the universe, Rann will start and then end a bloody fight with murdering the king in front of all the players. I sigh with intrigue.
However, I don’t want Rann to go into jail, since that won’t do much good now. He is the formal master…naw…noble of the Prison Planet. But I’d love to see Rann sucker punch his fighting fist into Dirk’s nose bridge, which will greatly improve Dirk’s physical appearance, a bit.
I stand and smile at both Rann then Dirk. I sigh with violence.
Dirk clears his throat then nods to Starra, “Have you accepted the position of kicker on the Sahara Golden Warriors team, Starra?”
I swing my sour face and view Rann. He wears a sour frown and as both of his hand are folded into fists on his hips turning stark white in his face with tension fury and jealousy for his princess.
So, I part my lips and exhale a set of fresh air molecules.
Ty stares at Starra, “We are negotiating the curr fees right here and right now.”
Dirk gasps in shock and smiles with a set of yellow-stained teeth, still staring at Starra, “Then, it’s my understanding that you have not agreed to play for Sahara Golden Warriors game team.” I sigh with surprise.
“You are correct and right, Your Highness.” I’m quicker than Ty and nod to Dirk. This is the Conqueror card that I am looking for or hoping to steal from former boyfriend Rann. I sigh with quicksilver.
“Then please allow me the honor of doubling your curr salary for a kicker for the new Bonita Loyalists Game team.” Dirk is quicker than Ty and offers to Starra. Ty has refused to tattle Starra’s curr salary, where Dirk has pleasantly offered to employ her as his new football field kicker. I sigh with delight.
Ty turns and growls at the king, “Dirk, you can’t steal from me!”
He folds the cloak around his skinny body and grins to Ty, “Can’t I? Yes, I can as I am a Game owner looking for my teammates.” He views Starra, “Starra, did you accept the proposal from Ty?”
This is my golden opportunity to buy back my freedom and find out his evil agenda within the ninth alien timeline. Well, I know part of it: kill me or kill Rann or kill both of us. I’ll get the right answer coming from the forked, V-shaped, pink-tinted tongue on the slithering human snake. I sigh with plan.
I pace closer and stop in front of Dirk sweet breathing on his chest. I measure five feet short, when I am compared to his six-foot tall body. I smile, “Dirk, I like your proposal, buddy. But I have a counteroffer, sire.” I sigh with fun.
“Name it!”
I back step a few paces and view his face, “How many Game players have you recruited, so far?”
He laughs, “Including you, one.”
I laugh then nod, “Well, sire, half a Game team has accompanied me to the ball field today. They might can fill some vital Game positions within your new football squad. I as captain of the squad, would like to propose hiring all of us at a rate of five million currs, apiece.” I turn and smile at each one of my gal pals. “What do you think squad? Do ya’ll agree?” My four girl pals swiftly stand from the grass and start to clap jumping around the field. Each one stops dancing and address to Starra.
“Stang, yeah! I wanna join his team!” Ula smiles.
Jai starts, “I like…”
“…too…” Jia ends.
“What!” Sim is lost and wears a puzzled face scanning the short blades of grass.
I view Dirk and open my arms of welcome. “You can take it or leave it, sir?” I pose with my arms open and turn to view Ty then Rann. The two arrogant noblemen are not smiling and feel very happy. My gal pals start to jump around the grass again.
Rann stomps in front of Dirk and stands shorter than the taller male saying with a firm tone, “You can’t be seriously concerning Starra’s outrageous game player bid, Dirk.” The invisible air immediately thickens with hot emotions and heated tension. I sigh with intrigue.
Ty turns and views the coach ordering his new command, “Coach, please, take all my old and new game members and assign them their game positions and then negotiate all new curr rates.” The coach nods with a grin then spins away from Ty facing and signaling to his players, leading them towards the locker room. Ty turns and nods to each female prisoner, “Ladies, I will personally discuss your Game position on the new Bonita Loyalists Game team, this afternoon, after I meet with the king. I believe the departing freighter ship from Planet Commerce to Planet Sahara will leave within thirty minutes. I’d strongly suggest that you not be late.” The group of Sahara prisoner guards surround each female prisoner. Then captain of the guard spins around and leads them off the field, out from the stadium, and inside the parked freighter ship bound for Sahara.
On top of the manicured grass, I don’t move a muscle standing in place, seething in fury and cross my arms, staring at the back spine on Rann. I don’t speak holding my grassy ground for the upcoming battle and I plan to win it, legal or illegally. I sigh with winner.
“Why not?” Dirk smiles at Rann.
Ty stomps beside Rann and sneers at Dirk. “The four female prisoners aren’t trained as a group of highly skilled and professional athletics, Dirk. One or all of them will get maimed or killed in the first scrimmage. I promise you that.”
Dirk smiles. “Three of your female prisoners appear very fine and fit for a professional sporting event. Anyways, to debate your illogic, you are going to hire Starra. Starra has no qualifications as a Game player and does she look like any professional athletic either.” He ends that debate very well.
I stomp my foot and shout out loud to Dirk, “Hey, I resent…”
“Not now, Starra!” Rann commands to Starra and sneers to Dirk.
“Starra is trained as a fighting noblette. We both know she can take care of herself in a catfight.” Ty nods.
“That’s better!” I whisper for my eardrums only and nod with a stern face.
“I am not worried about Starra. Sim, my newest prisoner inmate is only fourteen years old. She is a very young, inexperienced, and naïve teenager, Dirk. She probably can’t even comprehend the Game rules, much less play a tough Game position on your new Bonitian Game team.”
I swallow the big lump of bitter bile back down my tight throat. Man, I have done it, again. I have accidentally involved the innocents into my mental game, because, I’m a very young noblette…naw…dumbo-ette. I sigh with immaturity.
“I note your wise game advice regarding teen player Sim, Ty. As a matter of fact, all medical and social electronic files on each female prisoner will be very helpful for me as I decide, determine and fill each Game position on my new Bonita Loyalists and Commerce teams. I’ll send a Sbot to Sahara for the electronic datum this afternoon. But I’m still going to accept Starra’s offer. I want a team. I desire a team. And I will have a team.” Dirk looks at Starra. “Starra, you’re the negotiator here now. Do you accept my counteroffer of all Game positions and tons of currs for each one of your prisoner friends playing on my Bonita Loyalists Game team?”
Ty and Rann twirl around at the same time, like a synchronized dance.
I view a sour-faced Ty then a second sour-faced puss Rann looking back at Dirk, shoving my body between the two taller nobles, stomping in front of Dirk. I mouth spit on my palm and slowly extend my hand to Dirk. “Yelp, let’s play ball, dude!” I sigh with glee.
The two noblemen spin around again and stare at the back spine on Starra.
“Stang!” Rann shakes his curls and stares at Dirk.
Dirk slowly extends his hand and then gingerly touches the middle finger of Starra’s wet palm sealing the deal. “Excellent move, Starra!” He quickly jerks back his fingers into his chest then views Ty. “Ty, we can work out a practice schedule with the five female prisoners tomorrow morning.”
Ty does not smile but softly growls, “I will cooperate with any and all of your ideas regarding my prisoners, Dirk.”
“Good day nobles! Starra, I’ll see you tomorrow morning at our first Game practice here on this ball field.” Dirk smiles with a chuckle.
I nod, “Yes, sire.” Now, I’m have fallen into his good graces; but I still don’t trust the human snake. And Dirk doesn’t trust Starra either. I have more time for my secret work without a bossy Rann bossy around my body and my soul. I sigh with toil.
Dirk elegantly pivots in his flowing lavender bathroom cloak shuffling ahead to the other huddles of new players hunting for a Game team.
I turn and smile at Rann then cut my eyelashes to Ty. They are both streaming with a set of invisible rays of hot steam at Starra. I sigh with victory.
Ty formally addresses both her title and her error, “Countess Starra, until your Game practice commences tomorrow morning, you are still assigned as a prisoner serving your prisoner time at my prisoner complex. Since you have missed the transport freighter to Planet Sahara, you can ride with me, unless you prefer that I arrange a second transportation for your private ship accommodations.” I sigh with regret.
Man, he’s really miffed out!
I wiggle my and two arms in the air nodding to Ty, “A second starship is not necessary. I would be very grateful and pleased to ride with you back to my prison jail cell as your prisoner. Thank you, Ambassador Ty.” Ouch, that hurt! I hope it hurt Rann’s feelings as well. Because, he had trapped me with my silly mistake wanting to visit the Game tryouts. I sigh with disappointment.
Rann spins away from Starra and stomps in the opposite direction, without speaking a naughty or nice word to her. He is hurting too and is traveling back to his mansion located on Planet Agri. I sigh with loneliness.
Geez! I really messed up the ninth alien timeline going back into my prisoner cell without my ring and my man.
I stumble in my spiked heels attached to my thigh-high boots moving beside Ty over the grassy field, onto the hard concrete, out the stadium gate, and pose beside his parked carrier ship on top of the broken cobblestone street. I sigh with sadness.
Pbot opens all the doors. I slide down into the rear bench seat of a shared ride with Ty. He occupies the opposite side and window view. Ubot warms the engine then blasts off while Ty faces the viewing portal of the pretty hyper-speed motion, not me.
“Starra, I’m not going to pet you like Rann. I’m very displeased with your noblette mind games. You’re imitating Dirk.” Ty lectures.
Pbot closes the doors then blasts off the cobblestone street flying through the clouds, entering outer space.
I stare down at my dirty hands and all the chipped pink-tinted fingernail polish. I need to re-paint my nails. “I…”
“I’m not finished. You’ll finish your prison sentence next week. But my prisoners are going to be under my supervision for a very long time. I take great pride in caring for my guests at the prison complex. You have managed to endanger each life of your new friends, especially teenager Sim. I’m very upset with you, Starra.”
“They wanted to play in the sporting event.”
Ty nods and stares out the front windshield, “I agree with you. Some of the girls want to play and the other girls do not. They admire you, Countess. They want to be like you, Starra. But, they cannot, will not, and never will. So, they reach out for the next best thing including instant fame and fortune. Rann and I had a solution to your dilemma there at the prison complex. I admit I wasn’t aware of the physical attacks, until I arrived yesterday afternoon.” He shakes his curls and puffs out a string of sour breathes still staring at the front windshield. “Dirk is keeping all the nobles and noblettes very busy with mundane work with the citizens. I know that you’re in danger from Dirk. He is after you for some reason. Rann and I just can’t figure out why.”
“Rann is the noble, who is in danger from Dirk.” I continue to study my broken nails. I sign with the truth.
“Rann is completely protected. No one can touch or harm him, not even Dirk.” Ty frowns. “We’re both trying very hard to protect you, Starra. But you keep instigating some clever manual maneuvering tactics against us. And, now, you’re going to play in the Game.” He looks down at her dirty hair roots. “Do you really know how dangerous this sport is, Countess?” He frowns. “I know. I played when I was younger.”
Finally, I have collected a tiny bit of datum on a mysterious Ty beside his name. There are no accomplishments recorded within the red tinted Book or inside Bot’s electronic files.
He lectures, “The sport is hard punches and violent workouts. Citizens die, Starra.”
“I know that. Dirk’s not going to let me get hurt in the Game.” I say.
“Dirk has been trying to kill you since your arrival here, Starra.”
I look up and stare at Ty. “In front of the entire universe, I didn’t think so, Ty. This debate is over. I can’t change what I did. I can do one thing. I can protect little Sim. I promise.”
He frowns without a smartass remark of my promise. I sigh with worry.


20 minutes later…

Planet Sahara
15th hour (late evening) 
Bright moonlight without clouds and 106ºF
2nd level tier

The carrier ship drops from the outer space waves and flies down over the golden sands, landing on top of the 2nd floor balcony which acts as a ship docking pad. Pbot opens all the door. A Ubot appears and stands outside the rear passenger compartment for prisoner Starra.
I turn and sneer at the robot slowly scooting off the seat, standing upright and wear a stern face. A set of armed human prisoner guards surround Starra.
I exhale with annoyance and stare at the far wall inside the second level dining room without seeing food items on top of the dining room table.
Now, I’m declared a dangerous criminal prisoner slowly strolling ahead towards the open archway in-between mountains of muscle and metal. I sigh with miff-ness.
Ty exits the ship and stares at her back spine. “Starra, dinner will be served at seven in the evening.”
I stomp into the dining room shuffling towards the hidden wall and flutter in flying fury, “No thank you, Ambassador Ty.”
“Dinner is served at seven in the evening, Prisoner Starra.” He repeats the words with a firm tone. I sigh with annoyance.
“Fine!” I stop in front of the golden wall. The lead human guard presses the secret control panel on the wall. The hidden door slides open. I enter first then turn to face my hallway getting escorted back to my prison jail cell. I sigh with anger.

A few minutes later, I stomp into the outer room and enter my familiar prisoner sleeping unit without my new girl pals. Ty is back and in charge of the prison complex. The door closes shut creating peace and harmony inside my private prisoner room. Look at that! A present lies on top of the nicely pressed bedcovers in pink paper with a white tinted ribbon. I sigh with annoyance.
The human and metal guards line the hallway watching for trouble.
I violently rip open the box and view a new gala dress attacking the soft fabric, searching for a matching tiara, “Alas! No tiara for my royal hair roots! So, Rann was here. Dinner is served at seven in the evening. So, I’m expected to be ready and dressed in a new pink-tinted, ankle-length fluffy gala gown within the hour.” I sigh with rebellion.
My dirty body smells with really bad odor too from sweating in the sunshine on Planet Commerce. I might be in jail and a prisoner until next week, but I’m still a noblette…naw…a person. I will skip a private shower with tons of hot water and the new dress.
I rustle the box to the side then sit down on top of the clean bedroom wearing my dirty, stinky, sexy golden halter top, the matching side-splitting skirt, and my paired with gold thigh-high boots for a third day in a row, watching the closed door.
My Tele senses ping. Everything is fine.
“Countess,” a loud voice shouts into the closed door.
“Coming!” I shout back and stand strolling to the door, opening the metal and view a female guard. I exit then park in-between four tall and ugly female guards. Yeah, Ty is trying to intimidate my bad manners. I sigh with fun.
We slowly stroll down the same hallway and stop in front of the golden wall. The lead female presses the secret button. The door slides open.

On the 16th hour, I enter the same dining room on the second level. He is present wearing his handsomeness dark tinted skin and a fresh traditional outfit. My former boyfriend Rann sits on the side chair facing the wall. Ty seats on the end. An empty platter lies on the opposite side of Ty at the table.
Ty scoots off his chair then slides sideways pulling her chair. Rann gentlemanly stands for the presence of a lady noblette from his dining table chair. I elegantly sit down. Ty pushes her chair closer towards table edge and her plate setting. Silence lingers in the air waves.
The dining table is beautifully decorated for the evening meal with a china plate and a crystal goblet of sparkling water shining like diamonds. Wbot presents the first entrée placing a garden salad bowl on top of the large platter.
I don’t bother to attack the silverware and the food. The two arrogant noblemen assault the pile of greenish-white lettuce and fresh colored vegetables enjoying the meal. I stare at Rann’s black silky hair roots then cut my two eyelashes down at the cold food. I sigh with avoidance.
Rann looks up and chews the food viewing her silver hair roots.
Ty swallows the food and stares at Rann, “Dirk supplied me the times and dates for Game practice. He’s very aggressive. He wants all of you tomorrow out on the field starting at one in the afternoon.” Rann looks down and cuts the food.
I look up and stare at Rann’s black hair roots. The Game practice will be held within the hotter part of the day. I hope that I’m up to this. I quickly view the bowl of garden vegetables.
Rann looks up and chews his food staring at her silver tinted hair roots.
Ty swallows the food and then speaks to Rann, “All of his teammates will be assigned a set of living quarters inside the old Bonita castle, which is his personal property. All prisoners are still prisoners, but not under my noble supervision. His set of honor guards will watch my set of prisoners for any illegal or inappropriate behavior.”
Rann looks down and eats the food.
I look up and comment to Ty. “I’ll talk with Dirk about that. I’ll stay inside my Ice mansion with my Ice guards.” Rann looks up and chews the food studying Starra, noting the missing gala gown.
“I have already placed that strong suggestion into Dirk’s head, but he wants to discuss it with you, in person, Starra.” Ty looks down and eats the food. Rann looks down and cuts his food.
“All right!” I stare at Rann’s hair roots without not eating or holding an eating utensil.
Ty swallows the food and comments to Starra, “Dirk was able to recruit other citizens, who are very talented and very skilled for both of his new Game teams.”
I look up and sneer at Rann’s hair roots, “With what! He’s poorer than a church mouse. Where did he get all of those currs?” I sigh with puzzlement.
Ty swallows the food then softly chuckles, “Poorer than a church mouse! That’s a clever analogy. Where in the universe did you learn that, Starra?”
Rann looks up and clears his throat finally joining the one-sided conversation, instead of staring at Starra. Maybe, I can get some big boy answers to what is really going on with me, Dirk, Rann, and the freaking entire universe. I sigh with knowledge.
Rann nods, “Dirk and I have disagreed on food matters for several months. I’ve been supplementing his personal royal programs with my personal currs. He knows. I know. We both like to play the political game, very well. He wants currs. I want food for the citizens. So, we both desire something wonder. For me, this is not enough and apparently Dirk sees the same side of the coin.” He uses an old Earth expression then bites into the fork of meat.
“The same side of the coin!” Ty chuckles. “That’s one side of the triangle, buddy.” A curr is designed as a small triangle pattern, not a round circle.
Ty holds both utensils in his hand and speaks to Starra. “I am not going to lecture you, Starra. You were right in defending the young child against Dirk. The king has been playing mental games with all the nobles for a long time. All the nobles agreed to play his games, maybe forever. You stood up to Dirk. You and Rann are the only nobles within the red Book to actually record those bold moves.” He softly chuckles then eats the meat. I sigh with surprise.
Rann exhales with worry and speaks to Starra. “This matter of food stuff is not the primary issue, here. I don’t want you seeing any action within the weekly Game sporting event, Starra. Let the new talents die. Dirk pays them for that immediate death act.” Rann and Ty both laugh at the silly joke. I sigh with annoyance.
I do understand the deadly joke and do not laugh, “I can play the Game.”
“You don’t understand the Game rules.” Ty frowns then eats the food chewing.
I slap my chest and nod to Rann, “I’m an intelligent girl and capable of reading and comprehending instructions and rules from a book.”
“Starra, you have many outstanding talents which I love you for but that does not include participating in the Game sporting event, sweetheart,” Rann frowns. I sigh with defiance.
O! Rann still loves me but is mad about my teen-ass earthling behavior.
“I can do this.” I cross my arms and stare at Rann.
“You will get hurt, Starra.” He lectures.
I shake my curls next, “I want.” I refuse to say his proper name, because I’m mad and madder and maddest. I sigh with mad.
“This sport kills citizens.” Ty cuts into the argument.
I nod with a stern face, “I know that. I see that. So, I will be really, really careful.” I wiggle in my padded seat with both excitement of my new activity and nervousness with Rann’s mental thoughts. I sigh with rebellion.
“Dirk wants you, because it irritates me. I don’t want you to irritate me, as well. I want you, because I love you, Starra, sweetheart.” Rann does not with happiness and confesses his eternity love and uses a pet name.
Awe! Rann is not mad, only worried about me. But I am an action girl. I want some action and I have promised my gal pals some rewards on the Game field. I sigh with promise.
I stare at his dancing eyeballs; my heart flutters with love. My hands sweat with passion. My toes bounce with excitement and my neurons shout with affection.
Silence lingers in the quiet room.
I love him and I desire to play in the Game sporting event proving I’m both honest and honorable with my wickedly evil deceptive intention. So, I’m not backing down from this minor catfight. I sigh with arrogance.
I exhale with annoyance and meekly ask to Rann, “Do you not believe in me?”
Rann grins and wears a happy face, “Yes, darling, I believe in you, with all my heart. Therefore, I have arranged security protection for you, with all my currs,” he turns and winks to Ty then looks down eating the food item.
I gasp in shock then wobble in the padded seat, waving my arms in the air, growling at his arrogant secretive move against me. “Stang! What does that mean for me?” I sigh with fury.
Ty swallows the food then speaks to Starra. “A noblette shouldn’t use that ugly word, Starra.”
I ignore Ty’s wisdom and stare at Rann in silence.
Rann chews then swallows and remarks, “I can’t comment anymore.” He eats then swallows the food explaining his noble behavior, “Dirk will not force you to play your position within the Game sporting event. I have seen to that, sweetheart.” He smiles then crams more food into his open mouth.
“May I ask how?” I demand to know what Rann has done.
He swallows the food, “No, you may not,” he chuckles then eats and chews staring and smiling at Starra. I sigh with anger.
“You paid Dirk with more of your currs, for me!” I exhale with annoyance. I sigh with fury again.
He swallows the food then slips his beverage nodding to Starra, “If you don’t volunteer to play in the Game, you won’t get hurt, sweetheart. I’m begging and beseeching you not to kick in the Game. Please enjoy the sport like the rest of us, spectators,” Rann chuckles with Ty at the cute noblette…naw…dumbo-ette.
I slam both of my folded fists on the side of the cold bowl of food for drama shouting at Rann. “You’re going to end up bankrupt, Rann, wasting all your currs on me.”
Rann chews then swallows the food winking at Ty, “Not in this lifetime…”
They laugh with amusement. Rann asks. “Are you finished with your meal, Starra?”
“Naw!” I cross my arms with disappointment as I am losing the catfight. I sigh with frustration.
“Would you care for a plate of dessert? Wbot has prepared three tiers of chocolate cake.” Ty smiles.
“Not in this lifetime…” I sneer and echo back Rann’s sarcastic silly banter to Ty.
Rann and Ty have brilliantly orchestrated this entire social, business, and financial affair with Dirk as king and Starra as dumbo queen. And Rann has check-mated both Starra and Dirk. I sigh with deception.
Rann gently tosses the napkin from his lap and tenderly places both the dirty knife and fork on the side of his plate like a proper nobleman staring at Starra. He swiftly scoots the chair away from the table edge and soldierly stands still staring at his girl. His handsome face wears a stern look. He scoots sideways then paces ahead towards the far wall then pivots facing the nose profile on Starra. I sigh with worry.
He approaches her then halt standing over her hair roots, planting both of his cupped palms on the back rest of her dining room chair, grunting like an animal, shuffling her chair sideways to face him.
I stare down at his spit and polished black-tinted leather knee-high boots.
Rann gently reaches and touches both of her upper arms lifting Starra from the chair. I stand and cuddle into his naked chest fidgeting and still stare down at his boot toes. He gently touches the tip of her cliff chin with his soft finger pad lifting her face to view him. He smiles and leans down gently kissing her pink-painted lips. I keep my lips sealed shut. He only tenderly touches her lips with his warmth and softness. Then he quickly pulls back and grins at her with his love.
I stare with a stern face at Rann.
“I love you, a lot,” he softly chuckles, “I love you, more. Thank you for the love expression, daring! I bid you goodnight with a set of sweet dreams, my princess. And I am going to protect you, whether you like it, or not, Starra.” Rann smiles as Ty chuckles with amusement staring at the two love birds, who like to fight over the dead cat.
I can’t smile or kiss his lips or hug his heated body. I’m both mad and furious at him. Rann is exhibiting his usual graceful, smooth demeanor that always ignites my heated wrath into more fury. But not here within the ninth alien timeline, I have the upper hand. I sigh with rebellion.
Rann snaps his fingers. The side hidden wall panel opens and reveals a pair of neatly ironed and neatly pressed white tinted jumpsuits, with an individual golden tinted sash, without the weapons, holds an individual female guard in the quiet hallway.
Rann smiles at Starra and orders to the guards, “Guards, please, escort my princess back to her prisoner sleeping unit.”
“Yes, sire,” they sing in a musical alto timber together and watch Starra.
I sidestep then spin around fuming with embarrassment and frustration marching to the wall, entering the hallway then turn leading to my own prisoner sleeping unit. The two guards pace a safe five feet away from the anger woman.
My mind races with a string of nasty, ugly curse words that I dare not vocalize within the public hallway, yet the guards tattle to Rann. But that man gets everything and anything he wants. Well, my new Plan E includes not getting me or any of my new prisoner friends maimed or killed but to win the first competitive sporting game event as the new Bonita Loyalist kicker for Dirk. I sigh with deceit.

 

Continue the adventures and failures of teen alien Countess Starra involving all her old friends and nasty foes within the fifth and last novel from the Alien Girl Adventure Series entitled Unknown Time.

