

Vanessa Smythe
Sees what is hidden from your sight

A snake is amongst us: Vol 1







Kristina Evans







All rights reserved
Written 2009
Copyright © 2011 Kristina Evans
Chapter one
Through Vanessa's eyes

‘Vanessa Smythe! Vanessaa ...Vanesssssaaa ...’ 
Someone is calling out my name but who is it? Nothing feels real so is the sound of my name coming from my subconscious? I don’t know where I am so it has to be a dream. What else could it be? Panic sets in slightly as the darkness envelopes my surroundings. It’s difficult to recognize anything so I scramble for a light. Materials feel rigid in my hand so I know I have the curtains and as I move them aside, a glow appears in the sky. The moon is full and I put my lunatic thoughts down to the pull of the rock in the distance. As I take deep breaths, I’m thankful that my dream has ended. 
The experience I encountered during my sleep state had felt real. Other senses had taken over as I was in a forest, riding a motorbike. It should have been my first clue as I had never ridden one. There had been a connection of some sort with the trees which had towered above me. It was as if they were guiding me towards my destination. A destiny was waiting but I had no idea what it would be. 
The push to stay on the path had been real and every sense had been on high alert. In my dream, I had realized the need to be rational so I could cope with what was to come. I returned my gaze towards the moon that was now shadowed by a planet which for some reason, I knew was Mercury. Anxiety crept within me so I quickly shut the curtains to hide under my blanket whilst wondering if I really was, still dreaming. If I was asleep then I wanted to wake up but if I was awake, then I preferred the sleep option. Either way, I resolved to end the lunacy by closing my eyes and I once again found myself back inside the woodlands. 
This time, the intensity of my emotions were not as severe as the glow from the moon provided sight so I continued on to connect with the person who was calling me. For some reason, I presumed it to be my father as information was coming through about Mercury. My father had a fascination for planets and despite my disinterest; I had obviously absorbed his information. 
The chatter in my mind took over as I walked instinctively on the right path whilst listening to the breeze blowing through the branches. A message was being given as words were forming from all directions. Leaves rustled from below my feet while from above, birds sang from trees that had been there for thousands of years. Focus was needed so I concentrated on one sound and I was transported elsewhere.
Cold air filled my insides as I studied my surroundings. I was with my father who provided me with a coat for warmth. A feeling of love consumed me but as I listened to the waves crashing, I felt dread. We were somewhere high above the water. Feeling the need to leave, I tried to coax him away but he was excited and wanted to stay. His enthusiasm had always been infectious so I reluctantly followed him through trees, to face a howling wind from a cliff top, so he could set up his telescope. 
He wanted me to see Mercury and as we waited for the planet to appear, he spoke of a woman named Maia who had lived on Mercury many years ago. His fascination for her was contagious as I felt myself wanting to know more and with my interest, came a glow which blinded me. It was evident he had achieved his goal of passing on his knowledge.
For as long as I could remember, my father had insisted that I listened to his stories. When I was younger, I had thought them magical but since becoming a teenager, I believed his thoughts to be on the verge of mythology. But I didn’t mind as I had always loved the sound of his voice and sometimes the information locked in my subconscious had been of use, especially during history classes. I continued to absorb his information but my mind was overloaded so I tried to wake up but couldn’t and remained in front of my father as he spoke of Maia who left her planet and her son, Hermes, to help a civilization in South America. I had heard the story before of Maia helping the race who had lived on Mercury so I wondered why he was so insistent that I heard it again but I was in a dream so what could I do?
There had always been a connection for my father as he had always wanted to travel but to leave Australia to visit other lands was expensive and a long plane flight away from his wife, Lucinda. My mother wasn’t interested in visiting other countries so he had considered taking me and leave her alone but couldn’t. His only escape was to research and explore locally, near our home in Tasmania. Australia provided history but my father was fascinated with what was beyond the stars. We were still on the cliff’s edge waiting for a planet to materialize so I sat on a log as he provided information about Maia’s son.
Hermes had been considered a god by the ancient Greeks as they saw him as a messenger who brought word from his travels. My father had said Hermes was too athletic to stay still but I had seen pictures of his statues which showed him with a staff that had wings. I had found the staff more interesting than the man as I had wondered about the relationship with birds and messages. And then there was the snake which was wrapped around the staff. Many times, my father and I had discussed the metaphor but it had always ended with a warning from my father to keep away from the reptiles. 
Snakes had appeared many times during our hiking trips but we had stood still and they had continued on. They were a part of life in Australia but my father was reading my mind as he adjusted his telescope. When he registered my thoughts, his expression turned serious as he spoke of his interpretation of the snake which he thought had become negative. He believed that everything was energy and to help get rid of the negativity; he needed to contact a race from Mercury for help. Panic struck me again as I began to wonder about my father’s sanity. I wanted him to stop but he continued to speak of Seers. 
My dream was turning into a nightmare and I wondered if I was being influenced by comic books. A friend had brought a few to school and I wished I hadn’t looked as my father was coming across as a character from a science fiction story. I hugged him but it did nothing as he was obsessed. He wanted me to know that every story was based from fact but I found it hard to contemplate as it was impossible to visualize a goddess living in South America let alone an alien race who would come from Mercury. 
A laptop appeared in my hands so I skimmed the internet and found information about a race of white skinned people who were seven feet tall and Nordic in appearance. They were considered the original aliens and lived in Srees. He wanted me to spread the word and I smiled as I wondered what conversations my friends had with their fathers. Despite being in a dream, I knew my father was serious. He wanted me to open my eyes and see beyond what most saw. He wanted me to unclutter my mind and open my third eye which he said was my sixth sense. 
My friends called him alternative but I was thankful I had a loving father who spent time with me. So, I listened as he told of an ancient race of people who spoke of Asgard as once being their home because they were mixed with the Seers who wanted to return to Mercury. The laptop was still in my hands and I felt tempted to find information which would disprove his theory but it disappeared. There was no choice but to absorb the knowledge but then I began to think. Was it a case that I didn’t realize negative energy interfered in my life because I didn’t know any different? Was it a case that things happened for a reason but I was unaware? Was this dream a warning of some kind to wake me from a state of nothingness?  
I wasn’t sure and for a moment, I wondered if I might be awake but as I watched a vision of what was to come, I hoped I was asleep. It felt real when my father slipped on the edge of the cliff. His face was conflicted as I held his hand. He could have climbed up as he was on a ledge. It was seconds but seemed longer. The feeling of his hand letting go of mine was heartbreaking. I wanted to scream; to wake up. What ever state I was in, I had to snap out of it. I needed to go to my parent’s bedroom and see my father. I wanted to know that he was alright but I couldn’t escape the sadness as there was more for me to see.
Three snakes appeared and I was sure my heart stopped beating. Was it a case that I was the one who had died as fear didn’t enter my mind as I stared into their mouths, revealing fangs the size of my head. Stepping forward to look into their squinting eyes, I noticed two of them back off. The leader, in the middle, did not move but unperturbed by him, I continued forward away from the cliff’s edge. For some reason, I knew they were unable to attack me so I played the game to my advantage. 
The leader struck at me but his fangs didn’t penetrate. He became angry and lashed his body in every direction. The frustration was obvious as he couldn’t stand not being able to hurt me. I stood my ground so he tried to push me with his giant bulk onto a different path but I didn’t budge which infuriated him. Then I realized it was a test.
Feeling as if a message was being given, I decided on another course of action and decided to leave behind the darkness to find the sun and I had made the right choice as the star connected with my soul. Every step closer filled my heart with happiness and once in the light, I heard my name being called again. Relief came and I began to calm down when the trees parted and provided a clearing. 
In the distance, green grass appeared and as I walked on the soft carpet, I felt the energy move under my feet. Air cleared and my eyes watered; making me blink. The more I focused, the more the light subsided leaving a vision of a tree which stood alone gleaming with gold from the sun’s rays. Sounds were back from the birds and I knew the tree would help me.
As I approached the golden lighthouse, a figure appeared resembling my father. His hair was the same straw blond and his eyes were the sky blue which always captured everyone’s attention. He stretched out his hand and I felt his energy; determined. I wanted to hug him, to once again feel love so I took the outstretched hand but he wasn’t my father. The boy had a message as he knew about the snakes and told me to keep away from them. 
A pulling sensation tried to take me away but I refused to let go of his hands as my soul wanted to connect. It was difficult to stop myself from being dragged away and every effort was needed to be able to speak to him. I had questions but my words weren’t required as he explained that we would soon meet. Whether it was a dream or not, I knew I wanted to stay with him. I had never felt so safe. I had to speak to him but his hand was gone. 
My subconscious wanted me to return home and I found myself on a familiar path. As I walked, I felt confident that I would be able to deal with what was ahead. I felt protected knowing that someone was watching over me and I knew I would survive as the boy had said we would soon meet. I felt invincible then suddenly I realized that I had not encountered many emotions as my father had always protected me. Everything became haywire once again and I ran towards safety but I was being warned of a change as once again the snake appeared by my front door. 
It wasn’t what I expected and as I lost my balance, I stumbled over one of the slithering beasts who had appeared to join him. It was their mission to divert me, but I moved forward and grabbed the door handle. The leader was not impressed and I was taken aback by the ferocity of his attempt to squeeze me to death. Slowly and firmly he spiralled around my body, crushing my bones with his might. Screaming was my only option but instead of waking, I changed into one of them.
Meeting his glare at ground level changed my perspective. Enormous trees became skyscrapers and as I slithered away to explore my surroundings, he became angry. Shock had provided an escape but it was short lived as his determination to end my life was still prevalent. Why it was important for him, I wasn’t sure but he came after me in full motion, twisting and sliding as he gained momentum. 
Soon he would be with me again and then what? Could a snake kill another snake? Would he try to eat me? Not knowing what to expect, I began to feel scared. There weren’t any more options other than to change back to myself but I had no idea how to. If I was a snake, then I might be able to speak to him and ask him what he wanted. I turned to face him but he opened his mouth to devour me. 
Pain filled my throat as I screamed but there was no other choice as I looked at the snake who changed into a boy. Closing my eyes as I didn’t want to look at his evil glare, which penetrated through me, I waited for the inevitable. Nothing happened so I opened my eyes to once again, see only darkness. Was I in the forest or back at home in my bed? Where was the evil boy? Did I really see him or was it a dream? If he did exist, then it was a nightmare. 
Automatically my hands reached out and grabbed the curtains. Reassurance was what I needed and I felt relief when I opened the heavy drapes to reveal I was back in my bedroom. Tears of happiness welled from my eyes as my muddled emotions took over. My bedroom was my place of solitude. It was my place of peace. 
A creaking sound in the hallway brought on a feeling of confusion as I wondered why I felt secure in my bedroom. I had always felt safe and not only in my room. It was still dark outside but I knew I was awake so I went to turn on my light. My finger was on the switch and I immediately removed it. If I was to check on my father, then I should wait until morning as my movement would wake him. It was a weekday and he would be up early to go to work and if I tried to manoeuvre through the obstacles of my desk, chair and bedside cupboard, I would definitely wake the household. So not wanting to be selfish, I quietly sat up to explore dreams on my laptop.
Again, a sound in the hallway attracted my overactive imagination. Analyzing my experience had not been a good decision but I was too frightened to go back to sleep. I shut down my device and wondered who else was in the house. I began to think that my dream or nightmare had been a premonition. Was it a warning that something bad was to happen? Should I hide under my bed? I wished I had a mobile phone but my mother wouldn’t allow it. 
I began to blame her for the intruder as I could be phoning the police. If there was a stranger in the house, then he might be the evil boy who had been a snake in my dream. My father had warned me about snakes being a negative energy. Maybe it was all coming together so I had to be brave and save my father before it was too late.
With a deep breath, I snuck into my walk-in-robe and grabbed my tennis racquet. It was the only weapon I could think of that would provide enough of a distraction, so my father could ambush him. It was the only plan I could come up with so I slowly opened the door and screamed as I swung the racquet at my mother. 
There had been no need to save my father as it was my mother who was creating the disturbance. Quickly, I pounced on her as I wanted to know why she was sneaking around in the middle of the night, in the dark, terrifying her daughter. But as usual she was able to provide a logical answer to shift the blame as it was me, she accused of being inconsiderate.
I had questions but my father diffused the situation so without any need of an interrogation, I went back to bed and looked through the window. The ball glowed in the sky and I wondered why my night had been so incredibly odd. The dream kept playing over and over and as I continued to concentrate on the sky for a distraction, I saw the shadow of a tree which emanated a golden light. It was as if a portal was waiting for me so I could make my escape. 
The only problem was, there was nothing I needed to run from but then the moon turned dark and I saw the eyes of the snakes. A shiver ran down my spine and I wondered how I knew the boys as their names were definitely Gavin, William and Richard Macleod.
Chapter two
Through the Author’s eyes

Vanessa eventually returned to sleep, back into an oblivion of emptiness. Her mattress provided comfort until she woke hours later in a panic when she heard a voice. The alarm clock was telling her to get up. Turning it off, she wished she could stay in bed for the day as she was sure she had a perfect excuse not to go to school. 
But a knock on her door, as her father walked down the hallway, meant she needed to move or she would be walking. As she sat up and put on her uniform, the vision of her father’s death returned but there was no point in dwelling on a dream so she tried to meditate to no avail. Knowing she had to blank out her thoughts, she tried a few yoga moves as a distraction but her frustration with the night’s messages made her lose her balance. Normally, stretching was easy, so she wondered how long she had slept. 
There had been sleep at some point but it wasn’t long enough as she felt drained. A glow through the gap in her curtains revealed a shining sun so she opened them further and felt the warmth on her face. With the stream of light in her room, came a clear mind so she sank into her armchair to put on her shoes before any other thoughts could enter. 
Noises were coming from the kitchen so she knew her father was making breakfast. He believed porridge was needed to start the day and when she smelt the cinnamon; Vanessa knew a bowl would be waiting for her.
‘What happened last night?’ asked James as he placed a spoon in front of his daughter.
‘I don’t know.’ Vanessa shrugged as she took the spoon. ‘Maybe the full moon had something to do with it.’
‘I’m getting through to you then,’ he said as he sat next to her to eat his porridge. ‘You’re accepting the connection with the beyond.’
‘Why was Mum sneaking around in the middle of the night anyway!’ demanded Vanessa. ‘I nearly hit her. I thought she was the bad man or something.’
‘Bad man!’ declared James. ‘What does that mean?’
‘There was a bad boy in my dreams. It’s had an effect on me.’ Vanessa finished her breakfast as she didn’t want to discuss it.
‘Apparently, your mother was getting a glass of water and went to the kitchen in the dark so she wouldn’t disturb us,’ said her father with a smirk on his face. ‘Didn’t work out too well, did it?’
Grabbing her bag, she asked if he was ready and once they were in the car, he asked Vanessa to ease up on her mother as she wasn’t happy with the anniversary present, she had received. 
According to her father, the turmoil in the house was due to negative energy as he had given his wife a ticket to visit Maria Island for four days. It involved hiking and being in nature so it had not been received the way he hoped as her mother was not one for being outside. 
Lucinda’s idea of going out was spending a day in Devonport to look at the shops and visit the spa for a massage. James had hoped to coax her with the tour as it involved luxurious accommodation and gourmet food but she had not been fooled. As soon as she had read the itinerary which included hiking then her mood had changed for the worse. The only truce was to allow Lucinda to have four days in Devonport while her father went on the hike alone.
‘So I’m home by myself,’ stated Vanessa as she got out of the car.
James shook his head. ‘No, you’re coming with me.’
Vanessa didn’t know what to think. She was happy to be hiking with her father but walking for four days was a long time. Then there was the dream to consider. Was it a warning for him not to go?
Her father loved hiking so she had no choice but the moment she got into the classroom, she opened her laptop and found the website advertising the hiking tour. It was as she predicted with cliffs and sheer drops from large pieces of granite. She began to consider how to change her father’s mind and when she noticed one of the walks was at Haunted Bay, she knew she had to do something. 
A diversion was needed so she scoured the internet for tours which would take them away from the water’s edge and inland. Vanessa searched for star watching, looking for planets or finding alien sites that might offer long weekend excursions to spot spacecraft. She was up for anything to deter him from the hike on Maria Island.
Once the teacher arrived, she had to stop but by the end of the day, she had managed to save several websites. Feeling better about alternative trips, she walked home to enter a house filled with garlic. Her mother was making pasta in a large pot.
‘Who’s coming over?’ questioned Vanessa as she tasted the sauce simmering on the stove.
‘No one,’ answered Lucinda nonchalantly. ‘I thought I’d make extra in case you’re hungry while I’m in Devonport.’
‘You do know that Dad wants me to go on the hiking trip with him,’ stated her daughter as she sat at the bench. ‘Actually, I was going to chat with him about going somewhere else. Why don’t you convince him to go somewhere different so you can be together for your anniversary? I’m sure he can cancel the trip to the island.’
‘Cancel what?’ queried James as he walked through the door to taste the sauce. ‘Not the hiking trip, I hope.’
‘Wouldn’t you like to go away with Mum?’ pushed Vanessa. ‘I’m alright here by myself or I can stay with friends.’
‘No!’ interjected Lucinda. ‘I’ve already organised going to the spa and I’ve paid for the hotel room.’
‘Why don’t we go somewhere different then?’ Vanessa took her laptop from her bag and opened it to show him the pages she had saved.
As he sat down next to her, he read the packages which were on offer and with an interest in what was being organised, her father agreed that he would like to take part in some of the activities once they had returned from the hike.
‘I don’t want to go on the hike,’ she moaned.
So James gave up as he stated he would go alone.
Vanessa rolled her eyes. ‘That’s not what I mean. I don’t want you to go.’
‘Give me a reasonable explanation as to why I shouldn’t go,’ he said as he crossed his arms and stared at his daughter.
‘Last night, I had a terrible dream about you falling from a cliff. It felt as if I was being warned so I don’t want you to go.’
‘That explains a lot.’ James hugged his daughter as he promised he would keep away from the edge.
There seemed to be no alternative so she stopped thinking of ways to stop him from going on his trip as the only option she could come up with was to lock him in the house or give him sleeping tablets. Neither seemed full proof and she didn’t like the consequences so she decided the best course of action was to stay close to him during the hike to make sure that he was well away from any edges.
As there wasn’t much time to organise themselves, Vanessa packed while her mother helped her father to map out stops for the three-hundred-kilometre journey. And once they were on their way, his daughter began to relax. His voice was soothing and with Vanessa by his side for nearly a week, he had plenty of stories to tell. His enthusiasm was contagious and soon she found herself listening to his interests which were varied. Knowing one day that his information might be useful, she took it all in as she did consider becoming an archaeologist. His many stories of other walks of life had had an effect on her.
They had decided to stop overnight at Deloraine and despite Vanessa’s anguish about being by the water’s edge, she began to relax when she found a small embankment near the flowing river. Her father had more to teach her as another passion of his was food which was beneficial for the body and the brain. He wanted her to witness salmon in nature and how they were caught with gratitude so the stress wouldn’t have an effect on the fish.
‘You see,’ he said as he picked up a piece of cooked salmon on his fork. ‘If what you eat is calm then you will be calm. Fear is something that humans have created and I notice that you are too anxious. You have to learn to ease up on yourself. Remember, if your body is at ill ease then there is disease. There isn’t anything around here that wants to eat you!’
She was about to tell him of her dream where the snake had tried to attack her but dismissed it and changed the subject back to food.
‘Fear causes a chemical change in the body so if the animal feels pain or is scared then the chemicals created for fight or flight within the body and brain are then passed on to the person who eats the meat. I’m worried about you Vanessa. I really think you need to be a vegan for a while or at least a vegetarian.’
James had a way of rationalising his theories but she knew it wasn’t the food that was upsetting her. It had been a dream but then again, had she eaten something that could have been responsible for the disturbance? She didn’t want to think any longer and as she had witnessed the salmon being caught and killed with care, she had no guilt when she gratefully ate the fish which was covered with a teriyaki sauce.
With another long drive ahead of them, they slept early and when they woke in the morning, James believed Vanessa’s peaceful sleep had been due to the healthy dinner. She did want to question his thoughts on the vegetables which had been cooked with black rice but they needed breakfast and she didn’t want to hear his logic on porridge.
‘You know what I think,’ said Vanessa as they got in the car, ‘I think the sound of the water calmed me.’
James nodded as he listened to the running water. ‘It would be nice to listen to a river every night. Maybe we can download it on your laptop so we can hear it tonight.’
The engine started and she knew the next bed would be on an island where the sounds of water would be different. 
‘What are you thinking about now?’ her father questioned as he put the destination into the navigator.
‘This next town is supposed to be historic so I was thinking about staying there for the night so we could explore.’
‘Nice try,’ James said as he turned the steering wheel to leave their accommodation. ‘The tour company has organised to pick us up. There are no dangers. Apparently, it’s a raft that takes us, on calm water, to a beach. Nothing scary.’
Turning on the radio helped and when they met the guide, Vanessa felt relieved as she seemed to have a soothing soul. She spoke of the days ahead which were mainly on beaches and when the boat stopped, Vanessa had not realised their destination was in front of them as she had been too distracted. 
Others appeared and her focus changed when she noticed their ages. She had hoped for other teenagers but the rest of the group varied from her father’s age and upwards. An elderly woman sprang into action to help with the disembarkation, making Vanessa wonder about her own fitness but all thoughts were erased when the others mentioned the need for teenagers to walk and explore.
Her father was in his element with the discussion and soon took over with his stories about the early settlers. Vanessa had heard enough and sat on the sand to listen to the waves as the guide organised their first hike. It was a walk through a forest of eucalyptus trees and the sound of the moving water changed to birds as she remembered the dream where they had provided messages. 
Needing a distraction, she helped the guide organise lunch and once everyone was fed, they walked towards a peaceful camp on the beach. She hoped the entire four days would be spent on the sand but rocks were in the distance and she knew a hike was coming in the afternoon which would find them in Haunted Bay.
It was to be an eight-kilometre walk followed by a gourmet dinner with another stroll along a beach to watch the sunset. Looking towards the sky, Vanessa quietly asked for her father to remain on earth. She didn’t want him to leave and stayed next to him as they came closer to a sound of screams.
Panicking, she grabbed her father. ‘What’s that? Can anyone else hear that noise?’
The tour guide took her hand, providing a sense of calm as she told of the fairy penguins who called out.
‘But I can hear screams,’ stated Vanessa.
‘The sound is created by the wind which carries their calls through the gaps of the granite cliffs,’ assured the guide.
Vanessa had created a conversation which varied from some wanting to know why the penguins were known as fairies and another who wanted to know if they had knees. Imaginations were running wild as explanations were given and many wanted to look beyond the edge of the rock but to Vanessa, the screams were a warning and she stopped them all from moving forward by asking the guide if the sound was common.
It was unusual which sparked another conversation that excited her father. James had a fascination for Hermes and Asgard. It had always been his dream to visit Greece, Italy and Norway. He wanted to explore and investigate beyond the tourist spots. Some of the group had visited the countries and as they chatted about their adventures, Vanessa felt selfish. 
Was she stopping her father from moving on? Was he supposed to travel beyond the stars? Was she meant to suffer for a while to push her onto the right path? She didn’t know what to think but was glad when they finally got back to their beds so she could sleep, knowing her father had survived Haunted Bay.
Chapter three

Messages come in many forms which Vanessa understood when birds entered her sleep during the night. She considered their information to be part of another dream but when she woke the next morning, she was surprised to find a raven snapping near her window. 
Breakfast was cooking and when she ventured out to speak with the guide, Vanessa was happy to hear that their hike was through five beaches.
‘Would you like a full breakfast?’ asked the guide as she cooked bacon, eggs, tomatoes, mushrooms and onion.
Vanessa smiled as she accepted a plate. She waited for her father to join them and once he realised there wasn’t any porridge, she laughed. Wishing she had a phone so she could take a photo of him eating eggs and vegetables for breakfast, she knew the memory didn’t need to be captured as he wasn’t impressed when his daughter ate a piece of bacon.
‘Any cliff tops today?’ James asked whilst glaring at Vanessa.
‘None,’ interrupted his daughter. ‘Only beaches and this bacon, is not from a pig. It’s from a nut!’
The word beaches had others excited and once breakfast was finished, they all eagerly got ready to explore the breath-taking views of the sea and the dolphins.
‘Strange,’ declared the guide as most took photos. ‘They don’t normally come this close. And the eagles never swoop at them. I wonder what’s going on?’
A voice spoke to Vanessa but it wasn’t from the people around her. She was being told of a message which the dolphins were to give but couldn’t because the birds were stopping them. 
Turning to look at the interaction between the birds and the mammals, she saw what the others didn’t. The group had thought it was a game but since the dream, she had seen things differently. A gasp took her attention when the wings of the sea eagles spread out to show their authority. More photos were taken but to Vanessa it was a barrier and she suddenly saw angels. The beach didn’t provide the solitude she hoped for so she walked faster to escape the show which had everyone intrigued.
‘We better move on,’ stated the guide as she noticed Vanessa take off. ‘We’ll never make it to our destination otherwise.’
There were groans but soon everyone was on the move with the mention of other sights to see.
With a need to walk faster than normal as Vanessa wanted to leave the wildlife behind, they found themselves at the next camp in record time. Inviting water beckoned a heated group who immediately cooled down as they fell into the lagoon surrounded by giant white gum trees. The guide picked up on Vanessa’s anxiety, despite the relaxed exterior which presented itself as she floated on the water. It was time for a conversation.
‘You don’t mind this water,’ declared the guide as she appeared with towels for everyone.
Taking a towel as Vanessa scrambled up the embankment, she admitted to being concerned with the water’s edge.
‘But you don’t mind the lagoon,’ the guide coaxed so Vanessa would release what she was keeping boxed up inside.
Wrapping herself up with the towel as the others went to change, Vanessa spoke with the guide as speaking with her parents was impossible. Her father would always have an answer which Vanessa considered irrational and her mother would only suggest a massage and a day at the spa.
‘You can tell me anything,’ the guide pushed further. ‘Believe me, I’ve heard it all.’
‘I think I received a premonition.’ Vanessa waited for the response but the woman’s face was blank as she waited for more information. ‘I dreamt of my father’s death which was by the edge of the water so now you can understand why I’m so dramatic.’
‘Was there anything else?’ asked the woman moving in closer to Vanessa.
She nodded. ‘There was a snake who tried to push me onto another pathway. There were birds with messages and there was a boy by a golden tree. There were other things but apart from my father’s death, they are the main parts I remember.’
Vanessa began to shake and she wasn’t sure if it was due to the cold gust of wind. She wondered why she had told the guide everything as it had nothing to do with her but once the woman placed her arm around Vanessa’s shoulder to move her towards a hot drink and muffins, the shivering disappeared.
‘What’s your name again? I’m sorry but my mind is blank,’ questioned Vanessa as she picked up a mug of hot chocolate.
‘Bran,’ she stated as she passed around a plate of muffins made from cocoa and bananas.
‘That’s right, I was going to ask you about your unusual name,’ stated James as he took one of the muffins.
‘It must be short for something,’ stated one of the group as she filled her mug with more hot chocolate.
‘Brangwen. It means a raven or a bird of black who is fair. It’s a Welsh name. Boys are also named Bran because Bran was the son of Llyr who was considered a god.’
James became interested. ‘I’ve never heard of Llyr.’
‘Llyr means the sea so that is probably why you haven’t come across his name.’ Bran smiled as she confirmed her suspicions about him only having a curiosity for the stars.
James had more questions but Bran had to organise the dinner so the group chatted as preparations were made and by the time the meal was ready, the conversation had changed.
A full stomach found everyone waddling over to their cabins which contained comfortable beds and the moment Vanessa heard the birds through her screened window, she fell asleep. It was a peaceful slumber and she wondered if Bran had anything to do with it because when she woke, a raven appeared outside again.
‘We walk up to the peak today,’ mumbled James as he woke in the bed opposite her. ‘Better get up.’
He stretched and grabbed his toiletries and clothing before leaving his daughter to stare at the bird.
‘Breakfast is ready!’ called out Bran as the aroma of the food lingered between the trees.
As everyone sat, the group became excited about the ascent ahead. Vanessa had heard there were boulders to climb over to get to the top and she wondered how the older ones were going to manage such an expedition. Then she remembered how the eldest one had jumped into action when they had first arrived and knew she should be more concerned about her own fitness level.
‘So when everyone is ready, we’ll take off!’ announced Bran. ‘Make sure you have your hiking shoes laced up tight. It’s a bit strenuous but it is amazing. And the views are spectacular.’
James took hold of his daughter’s hand, thankful that she had joined him on his hike. 
She smiled, happy to be feeling relaxed as Bran had provided her with a sense of peace and as they were walking inland; they were far away from the coastline. They wandered through forests of brilliant greens and admired the blue gum trees which had been there for centuries. Clouds sat along the top of the branches and as they climbed the seven hundred metres, they inhaled the fresh air and looked forward to their destination at the top of Mount Maria. 
Boulders, which Vanessa had considered a problem, were climbed and without any complaints, they arrived to view beyond giant rocks and witness an angry sea below. Again, her father took her hand as he became overwhelmed. She was sure she felt him leave the ground and believed she wouldn’t have been surprised if he grew wings and flew away. But the journey was coming to an end and he was still alive. 
They headed back down towards an old house where an extravagant meal waited which included salmon. James had much to say about the fish and the nourishment it provided and after the banquet, they strolled outside to speak about the stars while inhaling lavender from the garden below.
James had produced an interest amongst the others with his love for the stars and mythology so when they headed towards the northern tip of the island the next morning, most ignored the spectacular woodlands to listen to more stories. People had always been enthralled with his storytelling and his tales had always drawn a crowd. 
Some in Stanley thought he would venture into politics but he had never been interested. Vanessa’s friends had thought he would be the perfect tour guide as his knowledge was vast and if truth be known, Lucinda had tried to coax him into another line of work. 
Too many requests had been made for him to move forward with a career but he was happy working in the information centre. He craved knowledge and wanted to know about their destination when Fossil Bay appeared but Vanessa began to worry. A shiver ran down her spine so she grabbed his arm. He needed to concentrate on what he was doing but the others had taken away his attention.
‘What are your findings on ancient Tasmania?’ questioned one from the group.
‘From what I’ve learned, I believe that a civilisation, from what is now known as Africa, moved across the lands before they split.’ 
Questions were being directed towards him with his interpretation of split. They wanted confirmation so he told of the Mungo Man who had been discovered, providing proof that beings lived in Australia before the Aborigines. He told of his home in Stanley and the large rock which was a volcanic plug.
‘The Nut!’ stated an excited tourist who was happy to provide information.
‘Yes,’ said James, ‘that’s right. It’s old and worth a visit. I suggest walking the path to the top and catching the chairlift down. The view is spectacular. Luckily, Abel Tasman discovered this land. At first, as with other lands, there were problems but we have evolved and science has shown that we are one being. So now we can enjoy this place in peace.’
‘Who was Abel Tasman?’ questioned a curious woman.
‘He was a Dutchman and his superior was Anthony Van Diemen. That’s why this land was once known as Van Diemen’s Land. This island is named after Anthony’s wife.’
Another tourist spoke up, ‘He must be responsible for naming the western point of the north island in New Zealand. That’s called Cape Maria.’ 
Bran interrupted their discussion as they remained above the Fossil Cliffs, ‘We can take a look at the fossils. Maybe there’s a clue waiting to be discovered.’
The group followed but James didn’t need fossils as he had stories to tell of portals and pigmies. His fascination for rocks had him speaking of giants who he believed lived on the earth during the Pleistocene era. Some had not heard of the era so he described it as a time when rocks had moved and the lands had joined. The movement created another stage as the formation found people moving away from Africa to search for new horizons, ending the species known as Archaic humans.
Leaves fell at Vanessa’s feet and she wondered how he remembered so much detail. Until now, she hadn’t realized how obsessed he was. Surprisingly, no one comprehended the messages which were being given but she had heard his stories so many times, she felt brainwashed. Normally, Vanessa ignored the meanings but for some reason today, every detail was coming together. 
It was as if an alignment was occurring; ready for a change. Several times, her father had mentioned deviations and not wanting to think about human evolution, prior to eight hundred thousand years ago, she concentrated on the ground below her which was uneven. It was a slip that diverted the attention from her father. As Vanessa fell to the ground, Bran caught her arm to balance her and with an end to the conversation came the appreciation of the beauty given by Mother Earth. 
Too much had been missed and time had moved too quickly so with a sunset eminent, Bran suggested a sight where a telescope waited. A reference of looking at the sky brought James back to life and the moment of guilt he had felt for ignoring his daughter; vanished. Nature was forgotten and with a new destination came a concern for the ones who needed to return to the mainland.
‘Don’t be afraid,’ whispered Bran as she hugged Vanessa. ‘Sometimes you have to battle through the bad to get to the good. I know you would like to go back with the others but if you don’t let your father see the sky now then he will continue to search and I might not be around to help.’
Vanessa didn’t know what to feel as she was numb. She wanted to enjoy the moment with her father as he experienced an alignment of planets but she couldn’t. The dream was becoming a reality and there was nothing she could do. In a final effort, she pleaded with him to leave with the others but the telescope was too tempting. She clung to his hand tightly as he slipped. 
Looking towards Bran, she expected her to help but she didn’t move. Her father was on the ledge as she tried to pull him up. James struggled but it was not to scramble to safety but to release himself from Vanessa. As he let go, Bran threw herself around Vanessa and continued to hug her while they waited for the search and rescue to arrive. 
The event had happened too quickly for Vanessa to comprehend and before she knew it, she was back in her bedroom suffering from shock. The prediction had come true and when she turned to her mother for comfort, she had not provided it. Vanessa left her mother to grieve in her own way as she believed time was needed to heal but she was wrong.
Chapter four

How long does someone need to grieve? Vanessa wasn’t sure but the blackbird by her window in the mornings, reminded her of Bran’s words: To get to the good; you first have to battle through the bad. It had been weeks since the accident and still she missed her father. James had brought happiness into the home but there was no more laughter in the house as it had died with him. Vanessa missed his smiling eyes and the smell of his soft hair when he hugged her. Then she began to wonder if her mother had been jealous of the attention her daughter received. 
There had been dramatic changes as her mother was rarely home. The spa she visited in Devonport was next to a gym and since Lucinda had joined, she spent most of her time there. The house had become a cold and empty place. At first, Vanessa thought it was a way for her mother to deal with her anguish but she realized it was a way to get attention from other men. Vanessa had expected a stronger connection with her mother but while Lucinda enjoyed a social life, her daughter grew numb. 
Mechanically, Vanessa spent her time cleaning as she feared that if she stopped, she would collapse in a heap from the loneliness. Neighbourhood friends who used to visit had stopped as her misery was having an effect on them. Badly, she wanted her mother to comfort her but that was not going to happen. 
Vanity had always come first in Lucinda’s life, even when her father was alive. Her outings of going to the spa and the hairdressers to curl her long blonde hair were now a regular occurrence. While James was alive, she had always looked respectable but since he had gone, her clothing was too revealing. It worried Vanessa but her mother had been too fragile to hear the truth from her own daughter. 
The days had gone where her father would drop her off at school and she would come home to a clean house and a cooked dinner. No longer did she open the door to the smell of baked cakes. Vanessa had taken over the role of running the house and organizing the money to pay the bills. It had been a terrible few weeks and she hoped that if her mother did meet someone then she would snap out of it but instead, things got worse.
As a way to release her despair, Vanessa had taken to writing down her thoughts on her laptop. It had been a way to release her emotions and whilst writing one Saturday afternoon, she stopped typing when she heard the sound of the door opening. Normally, her mother didn’t come until the next day so expecting the worst, she ran to find her mother beaming with an enormous smile. 
Unexpectedly, her mother had come home in a good mood and Vanessa wondered if she had fallen asleep and was in a dream. She found it hard to believe that she was awake as her mother wanted her to stop with the drudgery of homework as she had news.
Lucinda had met someone but instead of relief, Vanessa felt as if she needed to escape. There was nothing stopping her from walking out the door but she wasn’t sure if she was worried about her own future or of the reaction if her mother was left alone. There didn’t seem to be a choice so she went back to her bedroom and listened to the quiet humming from her mother as she began to bake. 
The last time there had been an aroma of food was when her mother had cooked pasta. It had been before leaving for the hike. Vanessa needed to type so her fingers moved on the keyboard but she found herself wondering about the man who would be entering her life.
It was time to end the solitude between them so she prepared herself for a vocal interjection and was about to face her mother when a thought became apparent. As Vanessa had taken control of the finances of the household, she had become aware of a clause in the will. Her father had left Lucinda with a payout from a life insurance policy but he had been worried about her spending. So instead of her mother getting the full amount, she had instead been given an allowance but only for half of the money. 
The other half was to go to Vanessa when she turned eighteen. At the time, she hadn’t given it any thought but her mother was flamboyant and she had no mortgage so it would be easy for others to think of her as being wealthy. Vanessa needed to make sure her mother never mentioned her inheritance. 
A mess was being created in the kitchen and Vanessa wondered if the old mother had returned who would clean up after herself. Grabbing the rubber gloves, she went to help with the dishes so they could chat but as Lucinda spoke of her date, an alarm went off in Vanessa’s head. 
Instead of being happy for her, she questioned her mother about the money situation which had been organized by James as an income. He would have presumed his wife and daughter would have become close to continue a life together but it was not the case. The desires of her father were different to her mother’s but as she stirred the mixture in the bowl, Lucinda swore she would never divulge the secret. 
As her mother got ready for her date, Vanessa worried as Lucinda was well aware of the clauses. It was written that if Vanessa died, she would get the entire amount of money. It was hard to imagine that her mother would comprehend such an act but it did concern her. 
With a man coming into their home and seeing the extravagance from years of spending, Vanessa tried to coax her mother to meet him at the restaurant but she was busy trying on different dresses and fiddling with her hair. Different scenarios were given but they fell on deaf ears and when the doorbell rang, curiosity led Vanessa to the door to meet Mason Macleod. 
They faced each other and immediately she knew his smile of warmth wasn’t genuine as it didn’t match his evil eyes, dark suit and hair. A feeling of dread sat in her stomach and was only interrupted when her mother complained about him standing outside in the cold instead of being asked to come indoors. 
The movement had broken the connection between her daughter and date so they both watched as Lucinda twirled to show off her new dress which shimmered in the light. The smell of her perfume wafted in the air as Mason pulled her into his arms but his evil eyes stared back at Vanessa as he turned to kiss Lucinda. 
Disgust was the only thing on her mind as that was the first time someone else had kissed her mother. The more she watched him kiss Lucinda, the more she hated him. She wanted to scream for her mother to stop but knew her voice would go unheard. The starry-eyed Lucinda couldn’t see past Mason’s good looks as he escorted her out the door and Vanessa was sure that Mason couldn’t see past her mother’s house and Camaro. Bursting into tears as soon as the door was closed behind them, Vanessa faced another Saturday night alone with no dinner. 
Opening the pantry door, she recalled how it was once filled with food but all she could see was a tin of baked beans. While she opened the can and poured the contents into a microwave container, she noticed the cake on the bench and wondered if Mason would make Lucinda into a mother again. Vanessa had no idea of the future that was yet to be unfolded but she couldn’t see it being any worse as now there were eggs and milk in the fridge. 
But eating the cake had been the wrong decision as during the night, the snake had appeared. When she woke the next morning, she wondered if Mason had anything to do with her dream. She needed something to balance out her blood sugar level and flipped the switch on the kettle to make a cup of green tea. Noises were coming from her mother’s bedroom and she wondered if Lucinda was aware that her television was still on. Normally, it was quiet in the mornings as her mother made a point of sleeping in but maybe the date might have changed Lucinda’s perspective on life. 
More than anything Vanessa wanted to be close to her mother so she thought that since Lucinda was awake, then she would surprise her with breakfast so they could chat. Walking into her room with the thought of speaking about the evening at the restaurant, she dropped the plate. Mason was the one making the noise, not the television. The sight of him in bed with her mother was too much for her. 
Running down the hallway to her room, Vanessa hoped her mother would come after her. At her bedroom door, she waited but no one was coming. As she slammed the door, she collapsed onto her bed and cried but she wasn’t sure if it was due to the lack of affection or the worry that her mother had told Mason about the inheritance. If it was money he was after, they could sell the house and move to a cheaper one. She hoped that Mason had money of his own but judging by his car parked in the driveway, it didn’t seem likely. 
The jewellery, the car, the house, everything was too flashy with her mother. The bird at the window squawked and she knew it was a warning. Mason wasn’t interested in her mother; only the money. She needed to speak with Lucinda as Mason would need to know they only had an allowance to live on unless her mother wanted to start selling her assets. They needed to have a rational conversation but first she had to wait until her mother was alone.
Hours went by with Vanessa looking at the ceiling closing in around her. The comfort of her expensive mattress and luxurious surroundings did nothing to ease her pain. She would have traded everything to be with her father. Looking out of the window, once she heard the car start, she knew the time had come to speak with her mother. She sat at the kitchen bench as she watched Lucinda through the window kissing Mason goodbye. Vanessa had to turn away but the moment she heard the door close, she confronted her. 
‘Isn’t he handsome,’ stated her mother as she floated back into the house but her mood changed when she noticed Vanessa sitting, glaring at her out of disgust. 
‘What?’ questioned Lucinda, as she walked over to get a bowl from the cupboard. 
‘Mason; does he know you’re not rich?’ Vanessa was determined to unravel their relationship.
Her mother turned towards her. ‘He can think what he likes.’
‘So you haven’t told him about the allowance that you have to survive on.’
Lucinda shook her head. ‘It doesn’t matter because we are in love.’
Disgusted, Vanessa reminded her that it wasn’t long ago, she was married.
‘I know but I need someone. I don’t want to be alone.’
Anger grew inside Vanessa. ‘You’re not alone. You have me.’
Her mother went back to the cupboard to take out a box of muesli.
‘Can I ask you to keep him away from here? If you are to have a relationship, then can you have it at his house or somewhere else? I don’t really want him here. He’s not Dad.’
‘Well, if you must know, he will be moving in here soon.’
Vanessa couldn’t believe what she was hearing. ‘Please don’t tell him about my inheritance.’
She promised as she also mentioned that he had three sons who would be coming around in the afternoon.
That was something Vanessa didn’t want to hear. The thought of four strange men in her house made her shudder. How could her mother do it to her? The only bright side was that Lucinda wanted the house to look perfect for the man in her life so she spent the rest of the day cleaning and cooking. Vanessa tried to think back to how she had been contented with being a housewife so maybe she could go back to being that person again. Maybe she was looking at it all wrong. 
Leaving her mother alone, she went back to her bedroom and that was when she noticed herself in the mirror. The hours of crying had taken its toll on her. Her bloodshot eyes were only disguised by the red puffy skin that surrounded them. Brushing her long golden-brown hair, she reached for a pair of scissors to cut a fringe. 
There was going to be a lot of tears in her life and the only way to hide her eyes was to cover them with hair. As she fiddled with her new look, her mother walked past with a cloth in her hands. Vanessa expected a comment from her but there was no remark made. The only reaction from her was when the doorbell rang.
Lucinda answered while her daughter hid from view to spy on his sons. Vanessa hoped for them to be a lot younger than her but unfortunately, they were not. As they walked into the kitchen to sit down at the bench, she watched Mason introduce them. They moved around as they helped themselves to muffins. It was difficult for her to get a good look at them so she listened as Gavin spoke with an attitude. He was sixteen and from the way he grabbed the food, Vanessa presumed he was selfish.
 Trying to get a glimpse of his face was still problematic through the opening of her door so she listened as William spoke. His manners were far better but then Vanessa remembered her dream. Before her father’s death she had dreamt of three boys who were Gavin, William and Richard. She hoped the third boy had a different name but when their father introduced the youngest as Richard, she knew it wasn’t a coincidence. 
Remembering the appearance of the boys, she took a deep breath before walking out to face them. If they were the boys from her dream, then her reality would become her worst nightmare. The three boys turned to face her, sending shivers down her spine and she had to balance herself against the bench as she stared at them. 
They smiled at her as if she was the lamb coming towards the wolf. The bottom of her stomach felt heavier with every breath she took but finally the connection was broken when Lucinda introduced her. Expecting them to reciprocate, she waited but their faces were blank. There wasn’t going to be any small talk so she took an apple muffin which was still warm and slipped back to her bedroom as the boys snatched the rest of the muffins and Mason grabbed Lucinda. 
Whatever the boys were doing, her mother wasn’t with them. She and Mason were not around as Vanessa could hear the boys in the hallway as they scoffed down the food her mother had prepared. Panic set in as Vanessa thought of running away to live with one of her friends. The dream had warned of her father’s death and it had showed the Macleod boys. There was no coincidence. She knew they would end up killing her and wondered if they were aware of their destiny. 
Gavin was looking in the spare bedrooms. ‘There are enough rooms here for us to have one each.’
Richard was at the room next to Vanessa. ‘I’ll have this one. It’s got its own bathroom. It was probably a spare room for guests.’
Gavin and William were picking out their rooms. 
William couldn’t believe the size of the house. ‘Thank goodness, Dad met Lucinda. What a house and we’re going to be living here.’
A thumping sound meant the boys were jumping for joy as she heard them smash into one another in mid-air. Then they were off on a rampage, running through the house. Vanessa wished she could lock her door but up to that point, she had never needed one. The only advantage she had was that her name was on the door which kept them away. 
Sounds could be heard as the boys explored and twenty minutes later, they were back in the hallway redesigning their bedrooms. Quietly, she pushed her desk against the door so they wouldn’t be able to get through. She pretended to be asleep while they spoke of their late mother as they chewed on apples. With a grumbling stomach, she wished she had been as obnoxious as them as then she wouldn’t be hungry. It had been a while since the house had smelled so good but she had to dismiss the idea of eating as it wasn’t safe to venture out. Vanessa’s suspicions about Mason had been accurate.
 As the boys spoke of their father having no money, she became intrigued and moved closer to the door to listen. They had struggled with their mother working full time to support them. Mason had a bad back and wasn’t able to work so he had stayed at home to look after the boys. 
Gavin spoke sourly of his mother being diagnosed with cancer as if it was her fault as the money from the government, which their father received to take care of her, wasn’t enough and left them going without. He spoke as if he was glad their mother was dead and he couldn’t believe his luck with their father meeting Lucinda as his membership at the gym was due to expire. 
It had been a compensation scam as Mason didn’t like working. The employer had paid for the gym as part of his recuperation and he was worried he would have to resume work again. If Mason refused, he would lose his payments so he needed Vanessa’s mother. Their only saviour was an elderly woman who Mason had come across whilst pretending to workout with the weights. She had taken pity on his story of becoming a widow and offered his family the granny flat on her farm and as her sons didn’t use their motorbikes any longer, she had passed them on to the boys. 
Vanessa couldn’t believe they could speak so distastefully without any regard to who was listening and began to wonder if it was for her benefit. Not liking what she had heard, she tried to think of some way to deal with it but what could she do as her mother couldn’t see past Mason’s false front. She needed evidence and continued to listen as Gavin gloated with the idea of living in Vanessa’s home and using Lucinda’s money to live on. 
The statement brought tears to her eyes and a pain in her stomach. It was as if the butterflies in her stomach had changed to dragons. Gasping for air as she didn’t like what she was hearing, Vanessa stood upright to think of a plan to expose the boys but her leaning on the desk created a creak and alerted their sharp ears. They were at her door but the desk was wedged behind it. 
Gavin cursed as he threatened her with eavesdropping. She felt him against the door as it moved against her desk. A crack was appearing and she thought about jumping out the window but they walked away as they threatened her to keep quiet or she would pay the penalty. Anxiety overtook her, blanking out all thoughts of her mother returning back to being a housewife. Smells of cleaning products made from eucalyptus and the aroma of the cakes she had baked were gone. 
All senses were erased and she chuckled as she looked up, thinking what a waste of time her father’s stories had been as she would not be opening up her sixth sense. Time was on her hands as she wasn’t going to leave her bedroom until the Macleod family had left so she flopped on the bed as she heard distant noises from the boys who were deliberately commenting for her convenience as they went through the house again. Trying to blank them out was impossible but her stomach was feeling sick. A normal mother would be concerned but Lucinda wasn’t keeping an eye on them.
Feeling as if she was about to explode, she finally heard her mother’s voice as she bade the Macleod family farewell. With a sigh of relief, she made her way to the window to watch as they walked over to their car. Wishing she could lip read as the boys had something funny to say behind her mother’s back, she translated their gestures and expressions as being to do with her mother’s scent as she preferred strong perfumes. 
Vanessa continued to glare but their pushing and shoving stopped when Gavin locked eyes with her through the window. Cold chills ran through her as she remembered the intrusion of him in the dream. Needing to write everything down on her laptop was impossible so she slammed down the lid. 
The vision of Gavin wouldn’t leave her. His eyes were reptilian but her mother couldn’t see it. He was going to interfere in her life as the reality was the boys were going to be living in her home. Her father had told her about dark matter but she had never considered evil. As she continued to stare at the vision of Gavin, she couldn’t believe what was happening but she did know if there was a devil, then that’s what he would look like.
Chapter five

Choices are a part of life but it’s difficult when you’re not sure which path to take. With the family moved in, Mason and her mother connected with the television. Gavin, William and Richard connected with the computer and Vanessa hid in her bedroom. Vanessa knew she was free to consider options but everything had happened too fast and she didn’t know how to escape. She was trapped and grew annoyed with herself for not leaving as waiting for the situation to change for the better was not going to happen. 
When things had gone from bad to worse, she should have realized there was no hope in changing her mother. Cursing herself, she wondered why she hadn’t spoken to friends or a teacher. An opportunity had been lost as a game was being played. As she stared out of the window, she grew angry with herself for not saying anything when Mason had proposed. They had moved in and immediately he had got down on one knee. Vanessa had been shocked but her mother had not given any thought to Mason not having a ring to give her. 
An excuse had been made with not having enough money but when he suggested for Lucinda to sell her own rings so they could get married at the registry, Vanessa had waited for a reaction. But her mother was blinded by emotions and didn’t object to anything Mason suggested. Even when he threw out photos of James, her mother had not said a word. Like a cat, he crept into their lives but he wasn’t cute; he was a snake. 
Keeping invisible had been the only defence mechanism and as weeks passed Vanessa had become accustomed to her way of life, hiding in her bedroom. Luckily, her room was large with a comfortable bed as she spent a lot of time sitting on it whilst looking at her laptop. Mason may have destroyed her father’s photos but the pictures of James were still on her device. The only happiness was listening to her mother hum as she cleaned the house and cooked meals and cakes. She pictured herself living in her bedroom until she turned eighteen and with her education finished and her inheritance, she presumed that would be the time to leave but again, Mason interfered.
Wanting to sell the house and move to Queensland had come as a shock. When the statement was made, Vanessa had not understood why Mason wanted to move so far away but then she assumed that being in Tasmania was a reminder of James. His sons were by his side as they wanted input. Since moving into the house, they had not been able to ride their motorbikes so they were quick to ask for a property, large enough to ride on. 
They coaxed their father into submission when he visualized his sons outside and with no computer games, meant a quiet house. The move was becoming more appealing as even Vanessa liked the thought of the boys being busy outside. The energy rose with Gavin thinking about attending a new school where no one knew their background. Suddenly, he didn’t care about luxury as he was focused on twenty acres. The statement created a stir as Lucinda finally came to her senses. 
She was not impressed with living far away from the city. When Mason had mentioned moving to Queensland, she had pictured living on the Gold Coast and being near the beaches. The thought of being away from spas had her upset. Lucinda began to imagine an old house where she would spend all her time cleaning. Things were becoming clearer so reluctantly Mason agreed to go through their finances before making the move in order to find a compromise. 
As Vanessa waited in her room for an outcome, she hoped her mother would not give in with living in the country. If they were to move to an old house, then she knew she would be given chores. It was a consolation for her if it meant the boys were out of the house but she would no longer be invisible and it worried her. The kettle boiled as papers were spread out on the bench. She could hear the discussion taking place. Then it occurred to her, the will was amongst the papers. She wished she had hidden it but as she was the one who kept an eye on the bills, she had not thought anyone would look through the drawer.
An argument had Vanessa sitting on the edge of her bed. She wasn’t used to yelling and neither was her mother and she hoped that Mason’s change in character would wake Lucinda and she would see what he was really like. Mason had found out about the allowance. He complained that he used to get more money from the government and began to consider leaving but Lucinda panicked and began to make suggestions. 
She promised to sell her car and her jewellery but Mason wanted more. He knew there was money to come once the sale of the house was finalized but his dream of not going to work had come to an end as the money was not going to last forever. Mason continued to look for alternatives as he kept reading the will while Lucinda sobbed and pleaded for him not to leave.
Excitement ran through Vanessa as she pictured him packing his things. He called his sons and Vanessa began to feel relief at the thought of no longer having to move her desk against the door. A dilemma was taking place with even the boys feeling concerned with having to return to the granny flat and their old way of life. 
Vanessa continued to listen and for a moment there was hope as she couldn’t believe her luck when he started to pack his bag. He was finally leaving. Her wish had come true. She started to think about the solitude returning to the house as there would be no more loud music, no video games and no threats. She wouldn’t have to cringe any longer at the sight of them glaring whenever she had to leave her room. Feeling relieved, Vanessa fell back on her pillow and waited. 
Her mother was calling out to him as he walked down the stairs but it didn’t matter because he was leaving, that was until her mother mentioned the inheritance and everything changed. The moment of joy in Vanessa’s life was gone. Just like that, Mason was back in her mother’s arms. He wanted to know all about the money. There was a long discussion about selling assets to keep them going and budgeting with the money from the sale of the house until the day, the money arrived for Vanessa. 
Then silence as he was back in the bedroom with his wife. Her mother had told him the one thing that Vanessa didn’t want him to know. She would never be able to forgive her for what she had done. Lucinda had put her husband in front of her own daughter. She wanted to run away but where would she go and how would she survive? There was no other choice but to live in her bedroom until she was eighteen.
The next morning, Vanessa woke to a knock on her door. She expected her mother to be standing there with an apology but was surprised to see Mason. He wanted to speak to her and she would have slammed the door in his face but he was already inside her room and moving the desk back to the wall. He had something to get off his chest and began to speak about the opposite sex when she stopped him. She didn’t need to be told about sex as she had learned it from school and as of late, had learned enough by watching Mason and her mother. 
Then she thought that maybe he had infected her mother with some deadly disease, as why else would he be speaking about sex? Pulling the blankets over her head, she decided that if she had to listen to him, it would be better not to see him. Surprisingly, as she listened, he seemed quite concerned for her welfare. He had never really spoken to her before. Him, knowing about the inheritance was going to make a difference. 
Maybe he might be nice to her from now on, or at least until she turned eighteen. Then what? Would he get rid of her in some way, so he could have the money to himself? His sons had made Vanessa’s life a misery so far. Now the inheritance was out in the open, would that change anything? The muffling sounds were getting louder as she pulled her head out of the blankets to face Mason. 
He was still rambling on about boys and how they might be using her for her money. Then she realized. Of course, he was worried about her getting serious with a boy as then he might influence her with keeping the money for herself and not sharing it with her new family. A boyfriend might help her escape the move to another state as she could stay with him. Finally, she had something that she was going to use to her advantage. As a test, she demanded breakfast in bed and was taken aback when he produced a shocked face. 
Considering his reaction, she expected the worst but knew she had won when he asked what she would like to eat. So before he could evaluate the pros and cons, she requested toast and a glass of juice and a bowl of cereal. It was too good to be true as he went straight to the kitchen. Vanessa put on her uniform for school when she heard a sound coming from the hallway. 
The boys wanted to know why their father had made breakfast for her. Pulling them aside, he told them about the inheritance and how they were going to have to be nice to her from now on. The boys were sure they could hear a chuckle coming from behind her bedroom door which infuriated Gavin but before he could spit into her cereal, his father warned him to behave. 
The sound of Mason knocking on her door meant a change had occurred. From now on, Vanessa knew things would be going her way. As she let him in to put her breakfast on the desk, she thanked him and told him to leave. Gavin, William and Richard waited in disbelief for her to come out of her bedroom. The door seemed to take an eternity to open but when it finally did, they were faced with their stepsister. Loathing was on Gavin’s face as he attempted to smile when she strolled passed him. 
All he could think of was how to trip her up but had to stop himself from putting his foot out in front of her. The three boys followed her to the lounge as she announced she would like to be driven to school. Waiting to see what their father would do, Gavin nearly choked as he heard his father coming out of the kitchen with the keys in his hand. The boys stood behind her, glaring at their father, while she turned to smile at them as she headed out the door. 
After school, the boys waited outside their home and watched as their stepsister got out of the car. Slamming the door behind them, as the boys walked into the house, Gavin had had enough. Wanting to vent out his frustrations, he made his way to his bedroom to play the drums but had to stop when Vanessa stood at his doorway. As she walked off, he slammed the door behind her. His body wanted to explode so he gathered his brothers to think of a way to get rid of her. But as he began to calm down, they knew they had no choice but to be good for now.  
Demands increased from Vanessa as she wanted them to suffer. It was her home now and everyone was her slave. Money wasn’t spent on her mother any longer. It was used for Vanessa to go out. Her old life was returning as she spent more time with her friends. Having Mason as her taxi driver was an advantage as she spent more time out than at home. 
Gavin became accustomed to not having her there and gradually went back to his ways of ruling the house. Vanessa thought she had won but she had been conned because a contract to sell the house had been accomplished without her knowledge. When the time came to move, then things went back to normal.
On that dreaded day, she should have left but instead she hid in her room while her mother packed up memories along with the belongings which had been bought by the Macleod family. She had hoped to move to a bigger house as the boys loved to play games on their computers and their speakers had shaken the house but Vanessa knew a small house had been purchased as the boys had bought new motorbikes. 
The ones that had been given to them were left behind and she knew why as they were not ones to take care of their possessions. Money wasn’t to be saved or budgeted in Gavin’s mind. He believed he would get what he wanted one way or another and when he spoke of the life ahead, Vanessa wondered how Mason had managed to brainwash her mother. 
Moving had created many changes. Gavin had become unbearable with even his brothers speaking to their father about his hatred towards his stepsister. They were exhausted and had had enough of dealing with his moods. Their only solace was to take him outside to ride amongst the trees. 
They tried to pretend she wasn’t there so Gavin wouldn’t be tempted to comment but they became worried when he wanted her dead. His obsession had grown, sending his brothers close to exploding point as their father wasn’t concerned. Gavin only saw money when he saw Vanessa and knew she was the reason why he didn’t have it.
When Gavin woke screaming one morning about a plan to kill her, the brothers knew they had a mission to keep him occupied. It was a struggle to get him ready for school but when they heard the bus coming, Richard and William needed to get him outside. Suddenly they were glad they lived in seclusion as they would have had to explain their brother’s actions if they had remained in suburbia. 
Vanessa thought back to the time when Mason had made her breakfast and she had fallen for his act. Now she was too scared to venture outside her bedroom. But she moved when Gavin appeared at her window to tell her that the game was coming to an end.
Chapter six

Excitement is an unusual emotion as it affects people differently. Mason was excited about the money which was to come. Gavin and his brothers were ecstatic about the twenty acres to ride on. Lucinda had looked forward to moving near the beach but for Vanessa the happy times were over. For some reason, her mother had thought the house was close to the ocean but it was an hour’s drive away. 
How her mother had been fooled, Vanessa had no idea but the home she had grown up in was gone. It now belonged to another family so she was stuck in amongst other large properties in an area where horses were kept. She was trapped to the point, she thought she would take up horse riding so she could make friends with the girls at school but that was not possible as Gavin had stopped any friendship being formed. 
From the moment they entered the property, Vanessa had known it would be her doom as Gavin had got what he wanted. When Mason had mentioned moving, she had presumed a smaller house but still one that was luxurious as he had become accustomed to living with modern conveniences and spacious rooms so when a small brick house appeared before her, she had been surprised.
Lucinda had never lived in a small house or shared a bathroom so Vanessa had expected her to say something but her blank expression had not changed when they had driven down the dirt driveway. The changes in Lucinda were evident but all her daughter could conclude from the move was that her mother had never really been happy living in Stanley. 
When her father was alive, Lucinda had spent most of her time in Devonport and maybe if they had moved to the city after his death then her mother might not have gone looking for a substitute partner. There were too many things to consider and then there was the boy she had seen in her dream; was she meant to meet him? Vanessa wasn’t sure but one thing she knew for certain was the tree beyond the back of the house had a golden glow. 
Rethinking her dream helped to relieve her stress as she believed she had suffered enough and if Bran’s statement was correct then she should soon be finished with the negative part of her life. It was no coincidence that the tree from her dream was in the backyard so she tried to put some perspective towards creating a positive outcome. 
If the dream was an indication of future events, then it meant she would be riding a motorbike so she paid attention when her stepbrothers rode. Watching the internet had helped and when she heard that the youngest stepbrother, Richard, had outgrown his Honda seventy cubic-centimetres motorbike and was given a new one, she knew it was meant to be.
Taking the spare bike wouldn’t be a problem. She was sure her stepfather would be only too glad to pass it on to her as Vanessa had a strong feeling, he wanted her gone. So she went to bed with a decision made to ride the motorbike and when she woke in the morning and glanced at the clock on her bedside cupboard, she noticed she was late for school. 
The bus had come and gone and the silence within the house meant that Gavin, William and Richard were at school. And with Mason and her mother not getting up until late meant it was the perfect opportunity to try and ride the bike.
It had been seven days since they had moved into the new house so Vanessa had had enough time to work out how to operate the vehicle. She expected a few trial runs, up and down the path which led into the forest but once she was on, she felt connected. 
One kick start found the motor in motion and with an increase in confidence, she slowly moved in first gear. Her balance came naturally but changing gears was difficult and without knowledge of a smooth transition, Vanessa became a nervous wreck. 
It seemed a fool’s errand so she considered putting the bike back in the shed but the impulse to explore the path where she had visited in her dream was overpowering. So with perseverance, she managed to change gears and after a few attempts, she was able to ride up and down the single pathway from their shed to the woodland’s entrance. The next step was to follow the path beyond the large tree which stood alone as if to guard the forest beyond but a voice called her name and it wasn’t her father or the boy in her dream.
As she was not at school, Mason demanded breakfast so reluctantly she did as she was told as arguing only intensified the hatred between them. Keeping out of his way had helped keep her invisible as she presumed that her presence only reminded him of her father who he blamed for the clause in the will. Tension had been created so she quickly cooked eggs and kippers as her mind went into overdrive. Turning the eggs over, Vanessa began to think of Mercury and Maia and considered looking on the internet to see if the Seers were real and if they could help her. 
The oil spat from the pan, drawing her attention away from her thoughts and as she picked up a cloth and soaked it under the tap, she looked out of the window to see the large tree which stood alone. It called to her and she knew she had to go. Gasping as she watched it illuminate, drew Mason’s attention and he quickly left his chair in the lounge room to check on his meal.
With a plate put in front of him, her mother ventured into the kitchen. It wasn’t long ago when she had been full of life and would have been the first to remark on the gasp from her daughter. Now her mother shuffled and without a word, she took her plate to join her husband. Taking the bike was her only option as Vanessa needed an escape but Mason insisted that she get ready for school as another bus would be along. 
If she took the bike, she knew she could ride along the track and be back in time. Not being able to stand thinking about the dream any longer, and being distracted by the track that may or may not be there, she threw on her school uniform and crept out of her bedroom. She smiled to herself as she pictured the boys catching her going for a ride and as she snuck down the hallway, she breathed a sigh of relief when she noticed Mason and her mother watching the television which was too loud. 
Quietly, she moved towards the shed and as she grabbed her school shoes, she had a thought. Having her uniform on meant she could get straight onto the bus if she was late coming back. Her dilemma was that if her shoes were damaged then there would be hell to pay by her stepfather. So instead, she kept her Ugg boots on as they would provide some protection if she came across undergrowth. 
With a decision made, she checked her watch so she was not late to come back and change into her shoes. Guilt filled her as she thought about going out for a ride but there was something about the dream that seemed real and she had to find out what it was.
Putting the bike into neutral, she rolled slowly down the back track of their house which led to the tree and moments later, Vanessa was faced with her lighthouse of gold. The times when she had walked into the woods to be alone came back to her as she wondered why she had never noticed the tree before. Being cautious, she had always stuck to walking on the same tracks. 
Now, looking for a different path would mean that she would have to concentrate. It could be a case that she was involved in a clever plan to get lost. Maybe the boys had learned how to get into her subconscious mind while she was sleeping and made her see a track that didn’t exist, so she would be lost forever. 
Deciding to focus, it wasn’t long before the area felt familiar and then to her left, she heard a movement in the long weeds. Looking over to see what was there, she found a path that was overgrown and became excited when she realized she was looking at what had been in a dream. She wasn’t sure whether to follow the path as it could be a trap but she had to find out. Hesitantly, Vanessa put the bike back into gear and made her way cautiously through the overgrown scrub. 
She wished she had changed into her tracksuit as she thought of the trouble she would get into if her uniform was damaged. The thick blue jumper protected her arms but the tartan skirt wasn’t practical. Being preoccupied had been a distraction and she hadn’t thought about her clothes. There was definitely a path leading to somewhere but she was starting to think it wasn’t a good idea as the weeds were now rubbing up against her legs. There was no choice but to turn the bike around and head for home.
Mason and her mother were still watching the television and she wondered why they didn’t care if she was there or not. Curiosity would have got the better of Vanessa if one of them were missing. But then, would anyone really notice if she went missing for the rest of the day? From behind the shed, she could see the bus coming up the street. 
Then it struck her that she might have got it right, there might have been an ulterior motive involved. Maybe Mason wanted her to sneak off into the woods on a motorbike. He knew she was inexperienced and he surely would have heard her movements. Should she tell him that his plan hadn’t worked? 
A better idea came to her as she watched through the window. Vanessa knew it was the perfect time to go and get changed and try the track again. Putting the stand down on the bike and leaving her helmet on the handle bar, she tiptoed into the house. Everything was still as she knew it would be. Hiding her uniform in the wardrobe, she put on her tracksuit and crept out of the house again. Walking passed the kitchen, she realized she was hungry and grabbed a banana to eat on the way. The bench was a mess and Vanessa couldn’t believe that the boys could be so inconsiderate. Whilst making breakfast, she hadn’t noticed the dishes and wondered why but then she had been too engrossed to see anything in front of her. 
Gavin was supposed to be responsible for cleaning the kitchen bench. He was seventeen and it was his last year of school. Instead of going to work he had suggested taking over the chores once his education was finished but as Vanessa looked at the milk smudged on the bench top, she knew he was failing miserably. 
He obviously didn’t care about the dishes as he knew Vanessa had the job of washing up at the end of the day. Instinctively, the cereal box was in her hand, ready to be put away, when she decided that she would leave the untidiness for his father to see instead. Today she had a different mission in mind and gently shut the door behind her before she walked the bike away from the house. 
The tree grew larger and she knew she was a safe distance to kick start the bike. Being a four stroke, it was quiet enough for her to crawl along without too much distraction and as she went deeper into the forest, she sped up to feel something she missed; freedom. At this point in time, she didn’t have a care in the world. Motorbike riding was something her father would never have introduced her to, so it was one good thing she got from her stepfather. 
Years ago, she had been horse riding with friends and loved the feeling of galloping through the trees. Riding the motorbike felt the same. A new found confidence crept through her as she waited for the bike to leave the ground and fly through the tree tops. The forest had become her sanctuary and she wondered if it was the reason why she felt so good. The track from her dream appeared and this time she was prepared for the overgrown bush. 
Cautiously, Vanessa looked for snakes in the long grass despite knowing that the bike would send them on their way. Thinking they could be a distraction, she focused on the reality which was the difficulty to maneouvre herself along the narrow path. The trees seemed to be closing in around her as she made her way further up the track. Time was still as she felt as if she was going nowhere. Exhaustion crept through her as she tried to keep the bike steady so deciding to quit, she got off to walk on foot. With the bike balanced, she made her way forward to where the trunks parted and a clearing up ahead appeared. 
Controlling the bike had taken its toll on her so she looked for somewhere to rest while she contemplated her next move. Between the bushes, a fallen tree provided a seat and when she peered through the branches, a meadow of manicured green grass appeared. Mesmerized at the sight before her, Vanessa tried to think of the houses which surround her home. For a moment, she considered she might have ended up on someone else’s property. A roaring sound carried from the other side of the field. Panicking as she didn’t know who it might be, she looked for a place to hide. Dropping to the ground, she hid within the dense bush and spied on the person riding towards her. 
The bike was bigger and faster than hers and the rider was more experienced as he floated along the top of the grass. With admiration, Vanessa wondered if one day she would have a better bike but then her thoughts changed when the stranger’s bike hit a log, lying on the ground. 
In one single moment, the rider was thrown into the air and as he lay on the ground, Vanessa gasped. With silence and lack of movement, she knew he was injured. Her first reaction was to help but she didn’t know the person and she was alone in a forest. 
Watching through the trees as she wondered what to do, she went against her better judgement and ran over to help.
‘Are you alright?’ Vanessa asked as she approached.
He couldn’t believe what he was hearing. ‘Yeah, I’m fine.’
She could hear the sarcasm in his voice and rephrased the question, ‘Okay, okay, I’m sorry. Where are you hurt?’ she asked as she tried to help take off his helmet. 
Their eyes met as he stopped moaning and as he pushed his blond hair back from his face, she stared at familiar blue eyes. Taken aback by his looks, she was suddenly reminded of her stepbrothers’ comments regarding her ugliness. Embarrassed, she decided to leave her helmet on as she took his hands. 
He felt the connection and the flow from her pounding heart and as she tried to help him to his feet, he knew there was more than coincidence at play. 
‘Thanks,’ he said as he struggled to walk over to look at his bike. ‘I can’t believe I didn’t see that log.’
Without thinking Vanessa explained about the daily occurrence of accidents and quickly wished she hadn’t said anything as it took her back to her father’s death. 
He smiled but the pain was evident on his face. She wanted to help but that would involve taking her helmet off at some point. Instead, she offered to get assistance but was relieved when he was able to start his bike and get on it.
‘Good, it’s working.’
Believing he was going to leave, she turned towards the track but her heart leapt into overdrive when he turned the bike off. Thinking there might be something wrong, she looked back at him and stopped. 
He stared into her eyes and Vanessa froze. ‘I’m Jack Turner. I haven’t seen you before. Are you the new family that moved in about a week ago?’
Nodding, Vanessa introduced herself.
‘Why aren’t you at school?’ he questioned cheekily.
She went to answer but asked him the same.
Laughing, he decided to tell her. ‘I had a dream about riding last night and when I got up this morning, I couldn’t help myself; I had to go for a ride. I was planning on going after school because I’m supposed to be writing an essay right now. So what’s your excuse?’
‘Oddly, the same reason; the dream part anyway,’ she said whilst looking at her boots. ‘But mine wasn’t a dream, it was a nightmare.’
‘Why, what happened? Did you meet me?’ He leaned over to see her reaction. 
‘No, it was about snakes and my stepbrothers.’ She couldn’t tell him the truth. How would it sound, if she told him that he had been in her dream? She still couldn’t believe he was real but it did concern her, the way he looked at her.
‘They can’t be that bad,’ he said trying to keep the conversation going while he looked into her helmet.
She knew what he was doing and made her exit. ‘Yes, they are.’
Walking over to her bike, she knew he was watching her but she couldn’t look back. 
It wasn’t until she was safely hidden within the trees that Vanessa decided to watch him. The scrub was thick and she was well camouflaged so she knew he couldn’t see her. She remained still as it was only a matter of time before he took off. Quietly, she hid but he didn’t leave. He stayed on his bike and she wondered what he was doing. She wished she could read his mind then she would have known that he was in a state of shock.
Jack replayed his dream where he had met a girl named Vanessa. He couldn’t believe he had just met her. Dumbfounded, he couldn’t move as he wasn’t one for fate but the dream had been too real for him. When he had woken up in a cold sweat, he had meant to finish his homework. While he had been sitting at his desk, mulling over the writing pad, he found he couldn’t think of anything as he was too distracted by the girl he had saved from snakes during the night. 
Overwhelmingly, he tried to write to get her out of his mind but for reasons unbeknown to him, he had to go out and find her. For years he had ridden out on the field and there had never been a log to stop him. Something was going on that was beyond his control. He was meant to meet her but if that was the case then why had she not removed her helmet? She had ended the conversation by walking away and was hiding in the bushes. Feeling confused, he decided to leave her alone.
Finally, he put his helmet back on and left and once he was out of sight, she walked over to her bike which had fallen to the ground. It was difficult to pick up as she was still in shock and when she tried to start it, it was flooded. Vanessa used all her strength to start it but to no avail. Deciding to sit on it for a while before trying again, she thought about the conversation which had taken place as the boy she had dreamt of did exist and he had had the exact same dream about riding to the same location. 
Obviously, she was meant to meet him but she couldn’t understand why as it seemed impossible for him to be interested in her. In the distance, she heard Jack’s bike and looked out to the field in front of her, thinking about the accident she had witnessed only moments ago. The accident had brought her Jack, but not all accidents were good.
Chapter seven

When one sense fails, the others take over. Vanessa had experienced every emotion over the past year. Every sense had reached its limit including exhaustion. Meeting Jack had taken its toll on her and she needed time to recuperate from the encounter so she put the bike back into the shed so she could rest before the boys came home from school. She needed to think and the ceiling in her bedroom was her canvas. Locking the door meant that Vanessa was out of sight but she definitely wasn’t out of mind. 
By the time she was on her bed, her stepbrothers were through the front door. She wondered if they had noticed that the motorbike had been used or if they had seen her sneaking back inside the house. It didn’t matter what she thought as they always had an opinion so she listened to their voices which were loud and demanding. Vibrations moved through the wooden floorboards as they threw their bags onto the floor. She felt the energy shift with their presence. It was as if everything was on high alert. Wanting to remain invisible, she kept still because if she made a sound then Mason would give her chores.
Rattling was coming from the kitchen so the boys were adding to the mess. The disturbance had their father joining them with gathering food from the fridge and Vanessa waited for him to complain about the state of the bench. The reaction was taking too long and she wished her mother would say something but not a word was spoken. What she envisioned wasn’t happening so she picked up her laptop and began to search for answers. She needed to know how others coped in her situation as she couldn’t be the only one who experienced premonitions.
As she typed, she began to consider the interpretations of dreams. Why was a dream considered a wish? She had dreams of going to university and studying astrophysics but that was over. She had considered archaeology amongst other things she had forgotten. At some stage, had she wished for her life to change? Her father had told her to open her sixth sense. Did he have his own desire for her to change? Had a reaction been created due to his dream of wanting her to experience something else? 
Out of curiosity, she searched the internet but ended up on a page which advertised work. It was possible for her to take buses to the theme parks so she looked for vacancies. Positions were available but how would she convince Mason to let her go? At the moment, he felt safe knowing she was trapped and he knew she had no friends at school because his son had turned everyone against her. She had survived one week so it was possible to put up with her situation until she received her inheritance.
One advertisement for a job caught her attention as one of the parks needed someone to organize lockers for people’s possessions while they rode on the water slides. A flash of the water below a cliff appeared. It was the same waves which had demanded for her father to let go of her hand. The reminders were pushing her but she didn’t know where to go. Considering her father’s fascination for the stars, she looked for a job closer to the sky to escape the earth. Somehow, she knew there was a connection elsewhere then she began to think of astrology and doing a course to work out client’s charts. 
Did she need to finish school to do such a course? She continued to look on her device for answers and found herself on a site where money could be earned by picking up information through energy. A shiver ran through her and she knew her senses had heightened as she felt everything around her. Could she become a clairvoyant as she had received a premonition? Feeling hopeless as she found it difficult to see happiness in her future again, she looked for self-help books. Dyana Happy, seer of present premonitions, appeared on the screen and she knew it was an omen. Using her mother’s Amazon account, she downloaded the story and as she read, she realized that things did happen for a reason. 
Reading had changed her perspective and it had also taken up most of the night. The alarm woke her and despite feeling tired, she automatically put on her uniform. Dreading the day ahead, she lay back on the bed and considered staying at home. Yesterday had opened her eyes and she had looked at things differently. She had taken a day off from school which had not harmed anyone and as her future was not one where she needed education, she saw nothing wrong with keeping away from the place which kept Gavin away from her. Contemplation found her returning to her book and also found her asleep. 
Startled by a noise from the kitchen, she looked at her clock and suddenly was wide awake. It was the afternoon and the sound she heard was her mother making a list for the weekly supplies. Believing the timing was right, she snuck outside and waited by the car so when her mother appeared in the garage to drive to the supermarket, she asked if she could join her. 
At first, Lucinda had been reluctant about her daughter not being at school but when Vanessa began to speak of helping her with putting away the food, her mother gave in. It was the one chance to be alone with her mother so she started with small talk as they drove down the road.
‘We’re lucky aren’t we to have this supermarket close by,’ mentioned Vanessa as she looked outside the car window. ‘I mean it isn’t as close as when we lived in Tasmania but it’s still close.’
Lucinda didn’t respond as she drove.
‘Actually, I’m surprised you wanted to move to a suburb this far out. I mean since you loved going to Devonport so much to have your spa days. I thought you would rather have moved to Brisbane or in the heart of Surfers Paradise,’ said Vanessa as she waited for a reaction but her mother only shrugged her shoulders.
‘I suppose Mason thought it would be cheaper living outside of suburbia,’ pushed Vanessa. ‘I mean, he needs money doesn’t he, if he wants his sons to go to university. Gavin especially will need a good job if he wants the lifestyle, he thinks he deserves.’
‘Alright!’ snapped Lucinda as she stopped at the traffic lights. ‘What is it you really want to say?’
‘I don’t want to go to school anymore.’ She hesitated, expecting her mother to argue but there was no sound. ‘Think about it. If I go to work, then I’m bringing in money and you won’t need to pay for my school stuff. You won’t have to pay for anything. I’m going to need a car at some point so I could save for that. Think how happy Mason would be if I wasn’t around and if I was out earning money for the family. Think about what an income would do for the house. We could put in a new bathroom. Maybe you could have a spa day.’
A chord had been struck as Lucinda did miss her massages and listening to the gossip. Watching drama on the television wasn’t the same as being in it and she felt as if she was missing out, now that she didn’t have any friends to speak with. She began to consider the options but the inheritance was a salvation as she knew a great deal of money was coming which would not only pay for Vanessa’s car but would also provide them with a standard of living, she was accustomed to.
‘What are you thinking about?’ Vanessa asked as she knew her mother’s mind was going into overload.
‘I’m just wondering if you need to work,’ said Lucinda, keeping her eyes on the road as she didn’t want to look at her daughter. ‘It’s not long until you get your father’s money.’
At that moment, Vanessa hated her mother. When had she become so uncaring? She had had enough. ‘Fine, take my money but I’m not going back to school.’
‘Why?’ spat her mother. 
‘You ask why!’ declared Vanessa as she tried to hold back the tears. ‘Have you not heard the threats from Gavin? Do you even know my bedroom is a study with a lock on the door? Don’t you wonder why I chose that room? Do you even care that I hide all the time? Do you really want me to die because if you do then send me to school with that lunatic!’
Tears began to well and as she looked at her mother who remained motionless, she picked up a pair of sunglasses to hide her eyes.
Nothing further was said as they entered the underground car park belonging to the supermarket. And when the car was parked, Vanessa took the trolley as her mother took the food required by her husband from the shelves. Conversation was not an option and when Vanessa watched other families chat as they walked the aisles, she remembered the exchanges she had shared with her father. 
Her life had changed so much and she felt as if there was nothing else, she could do. She could go to work but how would she get there? Her mother was unreliable and Mason wanted his stepdaughter at home while he waited for the money as he was paranoid about her getting a boyfriend who would help her. There was no other alternative but to give him what he wanted so she could eventually leave, hopefully with a bit of money to provide necessities until she found a job.
Feeling defeated, she followed her mother and silently helped load the food into the back of the car. There was much she wanted to say but thought better of it as at the end of the journey, she knew she would be the one to open the garage door as there was no longer a remote control to do the job. By the time the food was unloaded and the bags were on the bench in the kitchen, the boys had returned. Luckily, they were in the shed but her mother was exhausted and Vanessa was left to put the food away.
‘The ugly stepsister is busy!’ yelled Gavin as he peered through the shed door.
She pretended not to hear him as she was sick of his remarks which she had heard too many times. His constant criticism was having an effect as she was starting to believe it. She considered turning the situation around and threatening him but she had no backup. 
Then she thought of taking the bus back to Tasmania but it was too expensive as she would have to factor in the cost of the ferry. Her mother hadn’t taken her laptop as she thought it was necessary for school use so she could contact her old friends but she had not involved them and really didn’t want to burden anyone. She knew there was a way out but she wasn’t sure what it was. Going to school would have been a good escape but Gavin was there and he had created a story that was too outrageous. 
She wondered how the others could believe his story but then she had considered her father’s stories fact when most thought they were fiction. On their first night before going to school, she had overheard Gavin’s story which his brothers had rejected. William and Richard had refused to go along with it but Gavin had threatened them. She had wondered if Gavin’s brothers would back him up but she found out when she walked out of her classroom to hear the gossip which had already spread. 
Glares from others were her confirmation as no one would approach her. His rendition of a life where he had to leave his home in America to live in the seclusion of Australia had worked. There was no way to disprove his lies and he had continued to elaborate on his past by stating his late mother had suffered a heart attack when she had found out his father was unfaithful. Gavin had managed to build up hatred against Vanessa with one statement when he declared it was her fault as she had been the one to expose the affair.
The first day at school would be one that Vanessa would remember for the rest of her life as no one would speak to her. The grapevine had done its job and the only hope of redemption was when she heard his brothers complain as they didn’t know how to speak with an American accent. But Gavin could only see the brilliance with the story so school was something she had to avoid as the days she had spent there had not improved. It had been difficult to endure, making study an impossibility. 
The lonely times she had spent at home while her mother was out looking for a man was nothing compared to the loneliness she felt now. Lunch time was the worst as she hated being alone while watching girls her age laughing while they ate. It wasn’t long ago that she was sitting with her friends eating lunch. What she would give to have someone to speak with but the damage had been done and it couldn’t be resolved. 
The world was finally Gavin’s playground as he knew he was back in charge. Gavin had everything he had ever wished for with a motorbike, twenty acres of tracks to ride on and his life back to normal. Being popular with a made-up story at school was an unexpected bonus. The best gift he had was the one of wealth that would be coming to him once he had spoken with his father of a way to get the money sooner. 
Being employed horrified him as he had been set a bad example by his father. Desperately, he wanted to have the money by the end of the year so he wouldn’t need to look for a job as riding his motorbike every day for the rest of his life was all he needed. The only problem standing in his way was Vanessa. Sitting in the bus, surrounded by girls trying to impress him, he was only able to look at his stepsister. 
Sadly, she had given in with going back to school after the threat of losing her laptop. She stared out at the passing landscape thinking of better times whilst trying to shake off the shivers which ran down her spine. 
They were almost home and begrudgingly, she knew the rest of the afternoon was going to be filled with her making dinner and cleaning up. A week had gone by with the same routine so she knew there would be no change. Being alone in the kitchen, while the boys rode in the forest was expected as her mother was no help. The isolation was unbearable and many a time she had thought about putting some sort of poison into the meal to kill them all. 
Being allowed to wander through the forest helped but Gavin had managed to make a stroll a mission. He was out of control as he didn’t want her doing anything; he was trying to drive her insane. When she complained, her mother had not replied. Gavin’s plan of insanity seemed to be working as Vanessa felt as if she was about to go over the edge. 
He had appeared in her dream and she had done nothing to stop it but something good had come from the nightmare; Jack. It had been nice for her to skip school and ride a motorbike in peace. She wondered if she would see him again but he didn’t know what she looked like because she had not removed her helmet.
Chapter eight

Is it possible to not see something in front of you? Gavin and his brothers had been riding in the forest for over a week but they had not run into Jack. It seemed unlikely as he lived next door. Vanessa began to wonder if her stepbrothers were keeping Jack a secret. Maybe they didn’t want her to meet him.
 But the meeting had taken place. Gavin, William and Richard were not able to control the situation as there were other factors at play. Was Gavin angry because destiny was taking over? Or was it that he had found out about their meeting and was annoyed that his psychology wasn’t working? He believed that ridicule was the only way to keep Vanessa hidden but had he thought of the consequences?
Whatever the reason was, didn’t matter as she was no longer allowed in the forest. Her room was her sanctuary and where she spent her time. She thought if she was out of sight then she would be out of mind but something was going on. With her window open, she was able to listen as William and Richard chatted whilst putting their bikes away. 
They were venturing further and finding new tracks. They were excited to meet another rider who didn’t go to their school as they didn’t enjoy living a lie. They wanted to be themselves and were glad they could speak the truth with Jack Turner. 
A few days of riding together bonded their friendship with even Gavin commenting on Jack’s personality. He enjoyed his sense of humour and as Vanessa hid below the window to listen to her stepbrothers, she wondered if it was all for her benefit. It seemed too good to be true as Vanessa couldn’t picture Gavin giving Jack a compliment. 
The conversations were too close to her window and she didn’t believe him when he mentioned to his brothers that he was impressed with Jack’s riding. Gavin was up to something but so was Jack as he had unwillingly put up with Gavin, befriending him so he would be able to go to his house to see Vanessa.
Deciding to ignore the boys after their bike rides, Vanessa remained in the kitchen. Mason had given her more duties and she wondered what the reception would be from Gavin. As the sound from the bikes grew louder, she presumed William and Richard would be happy to have their dinner on time but when the sound of the bikes came to an abrupt stop and an extra voice was heard, she wanted to flee. 
Laughter grew as the boys came to the back door and when Vanessa realized her suspicions were correct, she froze. She was still in her school uniform with her hair tied back from her face to concentrate on cooking. She felt the heat move up her body as embarrassment set in. With a deep breath, she glanced over to face the boy that had made her heart ache. She had hoped he would be her knight in shining armour but when she saw Gavin’s arm around his shoulder, fear overcame her as she stared into Jack’s blue eyes. 
Gavin chuckled as he walked past. ‘As if he’d ever, be interested in you!’
She knew he was right. It was better to get it over and done with. With one close look, he wouldn’t be interested in seeing her again and it was probably for the best.
Jack spoke as they walked through the kitchen as he needed to get Vanessa out of the house alone. ‘Why doesn’t your stepsister ride?’
William shrugged his shoulders. ‘Gavin doesn’t want her to.’
Jack wanted to know why and that was when Gavin interrupted, ‘I hate her. I don’t want her near me.’
‘Why?’ tested Jack as he took Gavin away from the kitchen.
‘Because she’s the reason I don’t have money. I have to wait until she’s eighteen.’
Mason quickly changed the subject as Jack came up with an idea. ‘If she rides a motorbike and has an accident then you’ll get the money.’
Ears were poised into position as Gavin had not thought about an accident. 
‘I mean,’ declared Jack as he realized he had made the wrong suggestion, ‘you said she was inexperienced so if you let her ride by herself then I’m sure she’ll fall off and if she ends up in hospital then you might get a payout.’
 Jack tried to change the subject but it was too late as Gavin was now speaking to his father.
Two vultures squawked as father and son planned. ‘Of course, if it looks like an accident, then they’ll pay Lucinda.’
William and Richard joined the huddle as Gavin continued, ‘It has to look like an accident though, doesn’t it?’ 
Mason nodded as his eyes squinted with excitement and with all the boys smiling, there was no other choice but for Jack to produce a grin as he turned to look at Vanessa oblivious at the sink.
Worry hit Jack as he couldn’t believe what he was hearing. All he wanted was to go riding with her. He knew now he had to stay friends with Gavin to find out what he was up to. Somehow, he would have to see Vanessa in secret to warn her. He couldn’t let on that he had feelings for her otherwise Gavin would not tell him anything so he quickly came up with a plan. 
As they sat around the table for dinner, he made sure he couldn’t see Vanessa but avoiding eye contact was difficult as he knew she was glancing over. It was hard to control the urge to take her back to his house where she would be safe but with the knowledge that she would ride again, came hope of another meeting. For now, he had to ignore her as it was the best option and after dinner, he went to the kitchen sink to pretend to wash his hands as a way to approach her. It was the perfect time to leave as Gavin and his brothers were busy on a computer game. 
‘I’ll see you tomorrow Gavin,’ he said as he walked to the back door while drying his hands.
‘See you later!’ the boys called out in an unbelievably good mood.
Dishes shook as Vanessa approached the sink. She felt stupid that she had been tricked into a conversation with Gavin’s friend. Refusing to look at Jack as he put the towel back on the rail was difficult as she could sense his stare but she stood her ground and grabbed her gloves.
She expected him to leave but instead he whispered before turning the door handle, ‘Wait five minutes then take the rubbish out.’
She couldn’t believe her ears as it seemed too good to be true. There had to be more to it. Had her brothers put him up to something sinister? She was willing to take the risk so she could speak to him but then she heard the bike start up. He had played a joke on her again as he was leaving. 
As he rode down their driveway, he looked to see if there was somewhere in amongst the bushes where he could hide his bike. It was going to have to be a short distance from the house so he rode as far as he could within the few minutes he had and found a spot to park. Looking at his watch, he knew he only had a minute before Vanessa would be at the bin so he ran. Branches scratched at him as he hid behind the trees closest to the rubbish bin. Through the kitchen window, he could see her still doing the dishes. 
A smile emerged as he watched her. There was something about her that he was attracted to and he laughed as she looked at herself in the reflection of the oven door. Five minutes were well passed; he didn’t know why she wasn’t coming out. Had he been stood up? That was something he had never experienced before. At his school, girls annoyed him to the point of not wanting a girlfriend. Since his dream, he had changed and as he watched Vanessa, he knew he would do anything to be with her.
Vanessa looked at herself in the reflection as she pulled the hair tie out to let her hair drop to her waist. As she looked at herself, she knew why he had ridden home. For a brief moment, she thought there was a connection but it was not meant to be. 
The dishes were washed and she looked at the boys having fun. It was her cue to go to her room and lock the door for the night so she made her move to the hallway but stopped when Mason called out for her to put the rubbish outside. The lid was down and she could have ignored him but since he was the second male to complain tonight, Vanessa thought she might as well do it.
With a knot tied, she ambled outside. The bin wasn’t far from the house but the movement of the bushes in the dark, startled her. Was it a wild animal? Picking up speed to dump the rubbish, she suddenly felt glad she could go and lock herself away. Her heart was beating too fast so she went to run but felt a hand across her mouth. 
‘It’s me, Jack!’ He tried to calm her but she wouldn’t stop struggling, ‘I’m not going to hurt you.’
She felt herself being turned around and once she met his eyes, she managed to relax.
Taking his hands away, he apologized but kept hold of her arms as he could feel her trembling. ‘I didn’t mean to scare you.’
While he beckoned her to the trees, she was in two minds about going and as she deliberated, she found she couldn’t move. Knowing she was scared, he held her hand so she followed him like a lost puppy.
‘I have to warn you about your stepbrothers.’
She laughed. ‘I already know.’
He interrupted, ‘No, you don’t. They are going to make you have an accident on your motorbike.’
Listening to someone else stating what she had known all along was terrifying. Feeling weak, she slumped back into the tree trunk behind her. 
Reaching out his hands to steady her, he told her not to worry. ‘I’m going to stay friends with Gavin. If I keep him close, then I’ll know what he’s doing.’
She felt sick as she stumbled over a tree root and would have fallen if he had not caught her. As he lifted her limp body upright, their eyes locked again. There was nothing he could do to stop himself as he had to kiss her. Pressing his lips onto hers, he knew that no matter what, he had to help her.
Everything was forgotten as she felt him against her and for a moment, she didn’t care about anything. 
He hugged her as he spoke, ‘I have to pretend that I don’t like you. It would be easier if you avoided me.’
She knew it was going to be hard as there was still another year for her to survive before the money was released. 
‘I’ve been thinking,’ he said, ‘give me your phone number and I can keep you informed.’
Vanessa shook her head as she sighed. ‘I’m not allowed to have a phone. I have a laptop for school work but I’m not allowed to have social media. Believe me Mason checks. He’s paranoid that I’m going to run away with someone to live somewhere else.’
She had given Jack an idea but before he could ask his parents, he needed to know Vanessa was safe. ‘Alright, there’s another way to communicate until I can sort something out. You know where you met me in the forest. Well, your brothers won’t be riding with you because it has to look like an accident so meet me there every morning. I can tell you what they’re planning.’
Vanessa looked at him in disbelief. ‘Why are you doing this?’
Smiling he said, ‘I shouldn’t have to tell you. But this isn’t going to stop them until you’re eighteen so I have to get you away from them. I’ll talk to my parents. There might be a way for you to come and live with us.’
For a second there was hope but she couldn’t see her Mason agreeing and pictured the police at the door.
He kissed her again before watching her walk back to the house. 
Luckily, no one had missed her as she walked down the hallway to her safe haven. Turning the key, she realized she had something to look forward to. She would see Jack in the morning. Then thinking about it; did he mean tomorrow morning as he would have nothing to tell her. As she slipped into her bed, she decided she would go in case he did turn up. Besides now she was allowed to ride her motorbike, and the thought of riding in the bush before school was something to look forward to even if he wasn’t there.
Chapter nine

Love makes life worth living as it takes over all other emotions and Vanessa thought it could be true as she felt better when the sun shone through her curtains before dawn. It was early but the timing was perfect as everyone else was still asleep. Tiptoeing down the hall, she managed to grab a banana from the kitchen bench as she crept to the back door. 
Walking over to the shed, she wondered if she should ride her bike or one of the others. Would they have sabotaged her bike already? But their bikes were two-stroke and too noisy so there was no other choice but to stick to hers. Wheeling it down the path, excitement overcame her at the thought of riding again. Before getting on, she checked the bike over and once she was confident that it was safe, she started it up and headed for the dense path beyond the golden tree.
Feeling relieved once the bike had made it to the overgrown path, she looked up towards the sky and gave thanks to her father who she believed was watching over her. As she had ridden the path before, she felt confident with what was ahead but she did wonder how the track had grown back to its original state. 
There was no trace of damage from when she had ridden through the last time so she wondered if she was going the right way and was glad, she had decided to wear leather boots as they protected her legs from the overgrowth. 
As she manoeuvred her way through the thick weeds, she felt a barrier was stopping her from getting to her destination. She battled through and sighed when she finally saw the place where she had met Jack. The field waited for her, providing an opening to a safe haven as she dismounted. 
Pushing the stand to hold the bike, she moved forward to the clearing and as she hid behind the trees, she wondered if he was in on the plan to hurt her or even kill her. Had Gavin made him an offer too good to refuse? Sooner or later she would die so if this was going to be the way then at least it would be in front of someone she loved. 
But he was nowhere to be seen. Looking at her watch, she decided to wait five minutes and then ten minutes later, she decided to give him five minutes more. Then she began to accept that he wasn’t coming and considered heading home as according to her watch, it was only an hour before the bus came. Kick starting the bike, she put on her helmet and it was then she heard a sound in the distance. 
Robotically, she turned off the bike as the roar became louder. Through the trees on the other side of the field, he appeared. She couldn’t wait to see him then finally; he was in front of her taking his helmet off. Her heart stopped beating as she watched him push his blond hair back from his face to smile at her.
‘What?’ he said as he got off his bike. 
She wanted to tell him that she wished he felt the same way about her but instead she lied, ‘Nothing!’
Laughing, he made his way over to take her helmet off. Under her breath, she wished she was as beautiful as him. 
‘I know what you look like,’ he whispered.
She wondered if he could read her mind. ‘I didn’t know if you’d be here because you have nothing to tell me.’
‘So why did you come?’ he said as he pushed her hair behind her ears.
She thought of an answer but didn’t dare tell him. She had to use psychology. ‘The same reason you came.’
‘Good,’ he said as he moved closer.
Dropping his helmet as he put his arms around her, he kissed her. This time she didn’t need to rush as she didn’t care if she missed the bus so she put her arms around him to kiss him back. 
Would it really matter if she stayed there all day with Jack? It would be better than going to school. Now she knew why her mother was always kissing Mason but then she saw a vision of her stepbrothers jumping up and down in victory, thinking that Vanessa had missed the bus due to an accident without them even doing anything to her bike. 
Suddenly Jack stopped kissing her. ‘What are you thinking about?’
‘You don’t want to know,’ she told him feeling the heat in her cheeks.
‘It’s probably better that I don’t know. I have to get to school anyway.’ He kissed her again. ‘Remember I’ll be over at your place this afternoon but we can’t interact so keep away from me. I’ll see you again tomorrow morning.’ He grabbed his helmet and waited as he watched her leave. 
The sound of his bike was in the distance as she rode back home. Wondering if her stepbrothers could hear him, bothered her but then Gavin was too distracted with his own thoughts to worry about other things. It was ten minutes before the bus would arrive and she felt Gavin’s disgust as he glared. She knew he was disappointed that she was still very much alive but she had to ignore him so as she got ready for school, Gavin spoke with his brothers. He needed a plan.  
‘Why don’t we loosen the front wheel? That way when she rides, it will fall off. That should do it,’ stated Richard as he looked for the bus.
‘But if she hits her head, nothing is going to happen to her because she’s got a helmet on,’ William pointed out.
Gavin smiled. ‘If she goes fast enough then she could do some damage to herself.’
With a decision made, they knew it was time to stop teasing her as they didn’t want to draw attention to themselves. It was going to have to be an accident if they were going to get the money so they didn’t want anyone saying that they hated her and might have some involvement in any way. The time had come to behave.
The bus stopped and Vanessa ran. She expected a comment but was surprised when they didn’t say anything to her. The door opened and the driver smiled. He felt sorry for Vanessa and had tried to intervene but today there was no cause for concern as the boys let their stepsister on before them. 
At first, she was hesitant but a nudge from William found her quickly up the steps. Expecting a push in the back, she took the first seat available but they left her alone. Turning around as she heard the complaints from the others who had received a punch in the arm, she noticed they were still their normal selves. 
Others moved aside as Gavin sat but instead of his usual loud voice, there was silence. The only words Vanessa could hear were the ones from Jack as she replayed their conversation. She couldn’t wait to see him again despite knowing that she couldn’t speak with him.
The time at school moved slowly and she wasn’t sure if it was because her mind was on Jack or if it was due to her brothers being nice to her. Gavin was up to something and she wished she knew what was installed for her but she had to wait.
Taking the first seat on the bus so she could escape to her room before the boys got off, she had no idea of how eager Gavin was to get home. He planned to sabotage her bike and found it hard to contain his enthusiasm but his brothers managed to keep in his seat until the bus finally came to their stop.
It was an awkward moment at the driveway as Gavin told his brothers to watch Vanessa as he wasn’t sure if she would go in and start making dinner as usual or if she would come out to ride her bike. 
‘Keep guard while I go in the shed and loosen her wheel,’ he told them.
Vanessa was in the kitchen when she heard the motorbike. She found it hard not to run out to him but she had to act as if Jack wasn’t there. From the corner of her eye, she saw William and Richard watching her through the window. Pretending to look for a pot, she quickly caught glimpses as she moved but once Jack was in the shed, the brothers were gone. She became suspicious but stayed inside.
The moment William and Richard were sure that Vanessa was preparing dinner; they spoke of their plan. Jack listened as he felt the hatred towards Gavin increase and had to say something when he grabbed a spanner. ‘What are you doing?’
Gavin was happy to explain, ‘I’m creating an accident, just like you suggested.’
Knowing it was his fault made him sick to his stomach. ‘I don’t know if it is a good idea. What happens if you get caught?’
‘I won’t,’ Gavin assured him. 
Jack had to think of something and quick. ‘Don’t loosen it too much or it will look suspicious.’
Gavin agreed and suggested going for a bike ride as the time had come. ‘Go and tell Vanessa to come for a ride with us. We’ll leave her behind and she can crash the bike.’
Jack didn’t want to so Gavin asked William. Panic set inside Jack as he didn’t know what to do so he went with William as he devised a solution. 
Potatoes were being chopped when they entered the kitchen and as William spoke, Jack stood behind him. A promise had been made not to look at Jack but still she found it difficult not to focus on him. He was shaking his head and she wasn’t sure why.
‘Would you like to come motorbike riding with us?’ asked William.
Feeling confused as she wasn’t sure about Jack’s expression, she didn’t know how to answer. Did he want her to go riding? If he did, then why was he looking angry? She could see the worry in his eyes as he continued to shake his head. Then she understood that Gavin had already done something to her bike.
‘No, I can’t. I have to cook dinner,’ she answered as Jack breathed a sigh of relief.
Gavin was at the door as Jack turned to face him.
‘We have to go alone because she isn’t allowed to ride in the afternoons, she has chores she has to do,’ William announced as he pushed past his brother.
Gavin almost said that he would do the chores but thought better of it and went outside.
‘She’s going to ride in the morning.’ Jack encouraged him to leave.
The plan hadn’t gone Gavin’s way but he rode off hoping for the worst in the morning while Jack tried to think of how he could warn Vanessa.
Chapter ten

Sometimes you have to rely on your instincts but how do you know if the battle within is from butterflies. Jack began to panic as his stomach churned. His thoughts were haywire as he couldn’t think of a solution to his problem. Vanessa needed to be saved but a comment to his parents had been ignored. Darkness was falling and he should have gone home but instead he followed the Macleod brothers back to the shed.
‘Aren’t you going home?’ questioned Gavin as he got off his bike. 
Jack had to come up with an explanation so asked if he could watch a game they had mentioned. 
‘I’ll teach you how to play it,’ stated Gavin.
Not having an interest in computer games, Jack did his best to interact while trying to think of a way to save Vanessa. 
As the game seemed never ending, Jack couldn’t get away from him. Dinner was announced but still he couldn’t get her attention. Gavin was too excited about the game and spoke about it continuously as they ate. So Jack scoffed his food and headed for the kitchen as he called out that he was heading home. He hoped Vanessa would follow with the dishes but it was Gavin who escorted him out. 
Panic set in as he stood outside with his bike as he didn’t know how to warn her. Knowing that Gavin would become suspicious if he didn’t leave, he took off and stopped once he was out of earshot. He had to think. He could wait until they had gone to bed and then try to warn Vanessa but he didn’t know which bedroom was hers, and what if he woke up one of her stepbrothers instead? Then it came to him. He would walk back to the shed and fix the bike. 
While Vanessa slept, Jack returned to the shed to secure her wheel. She had no idea what had transcribed so when she woke in the morning, she headed towards the bike as Gavin listened and waited for an accident to occur. Expecting it to happen quickly, he watched through his window but she had taken off at high speed and nothing had happened. He cursed as Vanessa disappeared towards an anxious Jack.
‘You’re here,’ he said as he raced up to her.
Before he could say anything else, she kissed him but was soon pushed away.
Feeling confused, she wondered what was wrong.
‘Please don’t ride in the afternoons.’
‘What happened?’ She was surprised with the lecture.
‘Gavin loosened your front wheel.’
She panicked. ‘But I just rode it here. It felt fine.’
Jack hugged her. ‘I fixed it. You don’t think that I would let you ride it otherwise, do you?’
She wanted to know how he had been able to fix the bike as she had heard nothing after he had gone home.
‘I snuck back during the night and fixed the wheel.’
Vanessa was astonished and couldn’t believe what he had done for her.
Jack glared. ‘You shouldn’t be surprised but it does mean that I’m going to have to check your bike every night to make sure it’s safe unless we can meet some other way.’
She kissed him. ‘Thank you.’
‘I couldn’t stand it if you were hurt. I’ll talk to my parents tonight.’
As she rode back, she began to feel fear. She had been close to ending up in the hospital or worse; death. Ending her life had been a consideration at times but now she was glad to be alive as she had Jack. Trying to think of what her stepbrothers would do next worried her. Gavin was capable of anything. Turning towards home at the golden tree, she caught a glimpse of him in the window. 
The disappointment on Gavin’s face was obvious as his stepsister rode back to the shed. His plan hadn’t worked. The boys watched her go back into the house to get ready for school then quickly went into the shed to check her bike.
Gavin played with the wheel. ‘I don’t understand it. How can the wheel be secure?’
‘Maybe she fixed it,’ said Richard wondering how she would know how to do it.
‘It’s possible,’ agreed William. ‘She has the internet.’
Gavin had to come up with something else. If she was fixing the bike, then there was no point in him wasting his time with pulling it apart. He had to come up with another plan. 
All day at school, he racked his brain trying to come up with something. At lunchtime, he overheard girls laughing about their friend who had fallen into a ditch and an idea came to light. 
He called his brothers over to him. ‘We could make a hole in the ground, big enough for her bike to fall into. That’s something she can’t fix.’
The boys didn’t like the prospect of digging a hole so Gavin said he would get Jack to help them.
As the bus pulled up, Jack was already there so the boys went straight to him while Vanessa walked past to tend to her chores. She wondered what plan her stepbrothers had come up with but she would have to wait for the precise moment to speak with Jack.
Gavin waited for her to go inside before springing into action. ‘We need shovels to dig a hole.’ 
‘What are you thinking of doing?’ Jack was now worried as he thought Gavin had lost his mind completely and was thinking about burying her.
‘We’re going to dig a hole for the bike to fall into,’ said Gavin feeling excited about the bulletproof plan. ‘That should do it but where to dig the hole.’
Jack was wondering if there was any sense in talking Gavin out of it. Did he really want the money that badly? Maybe he could tell him that he could have all the money if he left her alone but the way Gavin was acting, he didn’t think any suggestion would make him change his mind.
‘I know,’ William suggested, ‘she always rides past that tree at the end of the path. Let’s put the hole there and we can cover it with branches and leaves and she won’t notice it.’
‘Brilliant,’ said the boys.
‘Yeah, brilliant,’ Jack said, half-heartedly.
They got on their bikes and headed for Jack’s house as there weren’t any shovels at the Macleod’s home. They took the road which was the quicker option and were greeted by Jack’s mother but before introductions were made, Gavin wanted to know how many shovels they owned. Shocked by his question, his mother answered and before she could say anything else, they were in the shed. The robust woman, who resembled Jack, watched Gavin suspiciously. She wanted to know why he needed the shovels. 
‘To dig a big hole,’ he said excitedly as his brothers looked at him in disbelief.
‘What’s wrong?’ Gavin said, wondering why he was getting dirty looks.
Richard jumped in. ‘Why don’t you announce it to the whole universe!’
Jack shook his head as he watched his mother walk back to the house. They could only find two, so they decided they would take it in turns and made a start straight away as Gavin was sure Vanessa wouldn’t notice them from inside the house. 
While balancing the shovels as they walked along, Gavin found another shovel leaning on a fence which he grabbed without asking if anyone was using it. He was on cloud nine as he screamed with delight, holding the shovel in the air as he rode off down the driveway. Slowly Jack followed, trying to think of what to do. Could he kill the boys and bury them in the hole? He was sick of thinking.
Riding past the house; Jack caught a glimpse of Vanessa in the window and thought about grabbing her and throwing her on the back of his bike and taking off. He caught her eyes for a second as he followed the Macleod boys and wanted her to run. The tree was ahead and Gavin was already deciding where to dig. 
Jack thought of what to do as their discussion intensified and when they grabbed the shovels, he sat by the tree trunk. There was silence as the hole got bigger. The boys had never worked so hard. Jack wanted to push them in but he had an overwhelming feeling that everything was going to be alright. 
Branches swayed above him providing a hypnotic movement and as he sank deeper into the bark, he felt relaxed. Wind whistled in his ear and he thought he heard a message from a bird hidden in the leaves. He was given reassurance that he would end up with Vanessa, as if it was meant to be. Looking over as he watched the boys digging deeper into the ground, his doubt came back. 
Leaning his head back on the bark again so he couldn’t see, he inhaled the smell of pine and sank deeper. He knew the tree wasn’t a pine tree but let all thoughts go as he heard the peaceful sounds coming from within the trunk. 
The sound of the boys’ hysteria broke the energy from the tree so Jack continued to question. Looking up into the branches again, he asked for some reassurance for a miracle to happen. Should he try to help Vanessa or should he give up? Being only seventeen, he would meet other girls and forget her.
He thumped the ground and felt the shudder. Shimmering light filtered through the leaves and a shiver ran down his spine. He didn’t know if he should save her or if he was even capable. He watched leaves fall in front of him as he wondered if he should interfere. 
Suddenly his trance was broken with William telling his brothers to look at the leaves.
‘That’s amazing,’ said Richard, ‘the leaves have formed the word yes on the ground.’
Gavin commented on it being a sign that they were doing the right thing. Hearing that was enough for Jack; he knew he had to do something and told the boys he had to go home. He needed to speak to his parents about Vanessa moving in with them immediately. 
Trying to stop time as he rode as fast as his bike could go, he was greeted by his mother.
‘Where are your friends?’ she said looking around.
‘They’re digging a hole.’ He got off his bike and took her hands.
‘I don’t know if I like them, especially the older one.’ She wondered what was wrong as she could feel the tension in her son’s hands.
His father walked towards them wanting to know where his shovel had gone. 
‘I have to tell you why your shovels are missing. The boys that live in the property next door want to kill their stepsister.’ Jack sounded frantic.
The large muscular man couldn’t believe what he was hearing. ‘You must be mistaken, son. Why would they want to do that?’
‘If she dies because of an accident then they will get her inheritance money.’
His mother’s blue eyes clouded over as she shook her head in disbelief. ‘I want you to keep away from them. I knew they were up to no good.’
‘I have to save her, Mum,’ Jack pleaded.
‘No you don’t. You don’t have to get involved.’ 
His father took hold of his wife as Jack let go. ‘If we went to the police it would be difficult to prove. A hole would only be circumstantial evidence.’
‘No, I don’t want to get involved. If they are a crazy family and we get the police in to help, then they will ruin our lives.’ Tears streamed from his mother’s eyes as she pleaded with her son to see sense. She put her hands on Jack’s shoulders and asked him to keep away from Vanessa. 
He shook his head. ‘I can’t. I love her.’
‘You’re too young to be in love,’ his father interjected as his wife was too distressed.
‘I know how I feel. I don’t want anything to happen to you both so I’ll take her away somewhere.’
‘Be rational, Jack,’ said his father. ‘How could you support her? The police would be after you for kidnapping or something else. It wouldn’t work out.’
Jack didn’t care; he was going to make it work.
Chapter eleven

Rage has a negative effect. Being rational is wiser but when someone’s life is at stake then there is need for action. Something needed to be done and Jack tried to think clearly as he rode back to the Macleod’s home. As he rode past the shed, he noticed the bikes were still out which meant the boys were still digging. 
Feeling that it was safe to speak to Vanessa, he pulled up at the back door and went inside to find her. Expecting to see her in the kitchen, he wasn’t sure where to look when he realized she wasn’t there. Dirt from his boots left a trail through the house as he frantically searched for her. 
Noises were coming from Mason and Lucinda’s room so he knew they wouldn’t be coming out until dinner was ready. Then he wondered why she wasn’t in the kitchen. Trying every door, he finally came to one that was locked. 
He knew it had to be Vanessa in there so he whispered quietly for her to open the door. She looked innocent as she peered through the crack in the doorway to face a boy in motorbike boots and a helmet. Her terrified look only made him want to protect her more as he pushed his way through.
‘It’s okay. It’s me, Jack,’ he said as he took off his helmet.
Vanessa looked out the doorway into the hall and noticed the dirt. ‘Thanks for wearing your boots in the house. Now I’ve got more work to do.’
Her complaining fell on deaf ears as he couldn’t help himself; he found he was kissing her as if it might be for the last time.
Vanessa pushed him away. ‘I thought you wanted to keep away from me. What if my stepbrothers see you?’
‘They’re digging a hole. They want you to fall in when you ride your bike.’
She couldn’t believe what she was hearing. 
‘Gavin thinks that this plan won’t fail and he’s furious his last idea didn’t work.’
Slouching, Vanessa felt like giving up. ‘Where is this hole?’
‘I’ll have to show you, but don’t go riding because it’s going to be camouflaged.’
Suddenly the sounds of motorbikes stopped their conversation.
‘You have to go,’ she sighed as if in defeat. 
Jack was being pushed out of the doorway when he saw the dirt and felt guilty. ‘Don’t worry about the mess. I’m taking you away from here.’
She told him to go as he kissed her and headed for the kitchen. 
‘I will come back.’ He had his helmet in his hand as he walked out to his bike.
Gavin, William and Richard were feeling triumphant as they dismounted but Gavin became quiet when he noticed colour on Jack’s lips. 
‘Who have you been kissing?’ enquired Gavin.
Jack had to think fast. ‘A girl from school. That’s why I had to go. I had to meet her at home,’ he said as he tried to wipe it off.
He knew what Gavin was thinking as he made his way to bang on Vanessa’s door but stuck to his story. 
The knocking on the door softened to a tap and it was then Vanessa answered as she presumed it was Jack coming to save her. But she had been tricked and Gavin knew his instincts were correct as he noticed the disappointment on her face. She remained silent as he stared and when he noticed the colour of her lip balm, he slammed the door shut behind him and turned the lock.
‘What are you doing?’ Vanessa asked as she considered his sanity.
‘He kissed you, didn’t he?’ yelled Gavin as he felt the anger brew up inside of him. 
Vanessa shook her head. ‘He didn’t.’
‘Don’t lie to me!’ He screamed hysterically at the betrayal of his friend as he held on to Vanessa’s arms.
Outside the boys could hear Gavin screaming and wondered what was going on as they still hadn’t put the pieces together.
Jack on the other hand ran down the hallway to a locked door. ‘Let me in. I’ll explain!’ he yelled as he thought of what to say to get them both out of the situation.
Gavin unlocked the door to face him in the hallway. ‘What? How can you explain this?’
‘She tried to kiss me. That’s why she’s in her room and not in the kitchen. When I went into your kitchen to get a drink, she kissed me. I told her I wasn’t interested and she ran off to her room.’
Gavin began to calm down. It was a rational explanation as why would someone like Jack be interested in his ugly stepsister. He needed to know that Jack was still his friend.
‘Tell her to her face, in front of me.’
‘What?’ said Jack not knowing if he was capable of saying anything horrible to her.
‘Tell her that you think she’s ugly and that you hate her.’ Gavin smiled.
Although it hurt him, he had to say it and he had to make it convincing as his eyes pleaded with her not to believe him. 
So with a believable performance, the boys went outside and as Jack got back on his bike, Gavin laid the shovels in front of him to take home. ‘We don’t need these anymore.’
He had an uneasy feeling in his stomach as he left. He wasn’t sure that Gavin believed him. It worried him all the way home and he wondered if he should turn around and go back. As he pulled up by the shed, his father came over.
‘You got my shovels back.’
‘Yeah, they’ve finished digging the hole. I’m worried. He’s going to kill her. I know it.’
His father could see the worry on his face and told him to do what he thought was best. 
As Jack contemplated ideas with his father, Gavin spoke to his brothers about his own ideas. ‘Jack’s in love with Vanessa.’ 
‘No way,’ said William. ‘He hates her. He was the one who made up the idea of creating an accident for her.’
Gavin thought about it. ‘No, he’s changed and his muddy boots led to her bedroom. He’s probably the one who fixed her bike. We have to keep him away or he’ll interfere.’
‘Do you think he’s already told her about the hole?’ said Richard.
‘I’m not sure,’ said Gavin. ‘Let’s go back and make sure it’s completely undetected.
As they started their bikes, they heard Jack in the distance.
‘What do we do?’ asked Richard.
‘Let’s lead him away from here so we can tell him to keep away from her and us. I don’t want him in the way. If necessary, there are three of us that can show him we’re serious.’
‘What, beat him up?’ said William as he began to rethink the accident as things were getting out of hand.
The sound of Jack’s bike grew louder so they knew he was close. He needed to speak to Gavin. He had decided he would get Vanessa to make a contract stating that all the money would go to him when she turned eighteen. In return for the contract, she would be allowed to live at Jack’s house. It was the only plan he could come up with and it seemed reasonable enough for Gavin to agree. At least no one would have to die. He sped up as he realized the boys were trying to outrun him.
Being a better rider, Jack was able to pass them and block them off at the end of the path beside the golden tree. He was about to hit the brakes when the bike collapsed underneath him. As the bike fell, his body was thrown into the branches which had scattered from the impact. 
Falling down to land on his back, he could see the branch coming towards him. Desperately, he wanted to move out of the way. He couldn’t leave Vanessa alone to fend for herself. Why couldn’t he move? The question was unanswered as the arrow shaped branch made its way into his heart. 
Inside the hole, the bike fell silent as the boys looked at Jack’s limp body lying on the ground.
‘No!’ screamed William and Richard shaking their heads in disbelief.
Gavin checked for a pulse but there was nothing. Rolling the body into the hole, his brothers wanted to know what he was doing.
‘We’ll put his body with the bike in the hole. Nobody comes here so they won’t know where he is,’ said Gavin with relief that Jack was out of the way.
His brothers were shaken as they watched their brother cover up the hole again so it would blend in with the mulch surrounding the tree. 
Then Richard started to worry as he looked back to the house in the distance. ‘What if Vanessa saw?’
‘I don’t think so,’ said Gavin. ‘Let’s go for a ride further into the woods and we’ll talk.’
They rode deeper into the forest before stopping. William and Richard were feeling remorse but Gavin wasn’t. The ride had given Gavin enough time to think.
‘Alright,’ he said. ‘When his parents come and look for him, we’ll say that we went for a ride with him and he left us up by the field to go home. We’ll stick with that, no matter who questions us.’
‘What about Vanessa?’ William asked knowing that problems would arise.
‘Leave her to me. If she asks you anything, just stick with the same story.’
‘What about if she wants to know why we stopped at the tree?’ said Richard.
‘We’ll say that we stopped for a second to choose a track to ride on,’ he said. ‘Well at least now we know that the trap works.’
As they rode back, Vanessa watched through the window. She wondered about Jack while she served dinner. The boys were too quiet and William and Richard were worried. She had never seen them shake before.
Gavin noticed his brothers and interrupted, ‘You thought that Jack would be interested in you.’ Gavin sneered as he walked up to the dining table. ‘He told me that he thinks you’re pathetic. He thinks he’ll have to go to the doctor after you tried to kiss him.’
Vanessa looked at her mother hoping she would defend her daughter in some way but she hadn’t heard what Gavin had said. Lucinda was too deep in conversation with Mason to notice anything that was going on around her.
But the discussion was about to change as there was a knock on the door. Brad and Emily Turner were worried about their son so they had come over to ask the boys if they knew where he was. Gavin stuck to his story so there was no other choice but to believe him. 
Emily knew he was lying but said she would ask the other neighbours first before going to the police. She noticed Vanessa and hoped that the mention of the police might make her say something but unfortunately, Vanessa knew nothing. 
Mason ushered Jack’s parents out and Vanessa knew Gavin was involved. She looked at him as Mason walked back to the table to continue the conversation with Lucinda. Everyone continued to eat but Vanessa couldn’t stand it any longer so she stood up as she screamed, ‘Doesn’t anyone here care about what might have happened to Jack?’
Lucinda spoke, ‘Don’t be ridiculous. Of course, we care but what can we do? Gavin has already told you that they split up for Jack to ride home. Now sit down and be quiet.’
William and Richard looked at each other as Gavin commented, ‘You shouldn’t be worried about him anyway because he wasn’t worried about you.’
She knew that Gavin was aware of Jack warning her. Did he know that Jack had told her about the hole? But where was the hole? He had told her not to go motorbike riding.
The wonder of where he could be, made her hysterical so she went to her room to calm down. Possibilities arose of him being hurt, lying outside waiting for someone to find him. Desperately, she wanted to go on her motorbike to find out more but she had promised not to ride. Trying to go to sleep as she couldn’t stand the pain any longer; she knew she would have to wait until morning to find out more. It was going to be a long night but eventually frustration found her asleep.
A wet pillow in the morning reminded her that Jack was missing and she knew her stepbrother was involved in some way. Revenge was on her mind and not being able to wait any longer, she went to the shed and started up the motorbike. An overwhelming feeling was calling her to the forest so she rode to their meeting point but once the trees parted, she wondered why she was there. 
Disappointment pulled on her heart as each minute passed. She knew he wasn’t coming but then why would he as he had told her not to ride. Deciding to see his parents, she rode through the field which connected their properties and for a moment, she wanted to fly. A vision appeared of when he rode through the tracks so she took the same ones and felt the adrenalin rush. 
Emily sat outside of her home listening to the motorbike. She wished it was her son and with a little hope, she dried her eyes with a tea towel. The sound grew louder as the bike came closer so she made her way over to find Vanessa taking off her helmet.  
‘I’m sorry I’m not Jack,’ she said as she got off the bike and put her helmet on the handlebar.
Emily knew who she was and returned to the bench. ‘Do you know anything at all?’ 
‘No, I was hoping you did,’ she answered. ‘I want to find him as much as you do.’
Emily knew Vanessa was heartbroken and took her hand as she spoke of her son’s feelings. 
Vanessa had to find him as she was sure he was alive. ‘Have you been to the police?’
Emily nodded. ‘Yes, they are out there now with my husband looking for him.’ 
‘Do you mind if I wait with you?’ she asked Emily.
‘No but shouldn’t you tell your parents where you are?’
Vanessa laughed. ‘They don’t care about me.’
Sadness filled Emily. ‘Jack said that they were horrible to you. He even said your stepbrothers were trying to kill you to get your inheritance money. It was only yesterday he begged me to help. He wanted you to come and live here with us but I said no. I thought it would cause problems with your parents. I’m so sorry.’
Vanessa felt the sadness connect them as she squeezed his mother’s hands. ‘Don’t be sorry. I haven’t had anyone care for me since my father died. Well, apart from your son.’
‘I hope you don’t mind me asking but do you think that Gavin has anything to do with his disappearance?’ questioned Emily with tears streaming down her face.
Speech was impossible so she nodded as Emily pulled her in close.
Chapter twelve

Every action causes a reaction and Vanessa couldn’t stop blaming herself for Jack’s disappearance. If only she had not involved him with her problems. Then she began to think of Gavin and his ego. He was the root to all evil but how would she get him to confess? Was her stepbrother actually capable of killing? The golden tree took over her thoughts and she wondered if Jack had crashed into it. Different scenarios crept into her head. Feeling as if an eruption was about to take place, she went to scream but didn’t want to scare his mother.
Hours passed as they sat on the bench at the front of the house. They hoped for news but the longer they waited, the more they lost hope. It was difficult to wait. Vanessa needed to do something to escape her thoughts as they were too hateful. Her stomach complained and she could feel herself beginning to shake. There was no need for any further convincing as she knew Gavin was involved. 
Looking at her watch, she pictured him sitting on the bus feeling smug about what he had done. If he thought he was clever and he could elude the law then he was mistaken as Vanessa believed in karma and knew he would be getting his. Making him suffer was her first priority so she let go of Emily. First of all, she had to know if Jack was either dead or alive. She wondered if the police knew where to look as he spent a lot of time on tracks that weren’t used by other riders. Her help was needed but where was the hole? Why hadn’t he told her? 
‘The police are taking too long. I’m going to find him,’ she told Emily as she stood up.
‘I don’t think that’s a good idea to be alone out there.’
‘It’s alright. I’m used to being by myself, besides I’m better off going now before my stepbrothers get home from school.’
Vanessa got on her bike and went back into the forest to search for clues. There had to be evidence but the growth beside the tracks was thick. Pushing the bike forward, she looked for new tracks but found nothing. Yelling seemed her only option so she called out to him but there was no answer. 
Normally, birds sang but today there was only silence. People were supposed to be searching for him but she had not seen anyone. Despair was her only emotion so she turned the throttle to explore through more pathways but the bike complained. It had run out of fuel and splattered before stopping completely. 
Throwing the bike to the ground, she gave up and sat next to a tree. Soon, her stepbrothers would be home and there would be no way of knowing what had happened to him. If only she had some truth serum, she could put it in Gavin’s dinner and find out for sure. Then she started to wonder about Jack’s body. 
If Gavin had killed him then he would probably return to the scene of the crime. She needed to spy on her stepbrothers and as she looked upwards, she noticed she was sitting against the tree of gold. The leaves shimmered and as the branches had an abundance of growth, it meant she could watch from above without being seen. It was the only plan she could think of so she climbed. 
But the tree was larger than anticipated and all her energy was needed to make her way to the top. Gasping for air as she hid behind branches, she focused on her house. The boys were outside and there seemed to be a discussion. Wishing she could hear, she waited as they disappeared into the shed. She hoped they would ride to a place where she could see. Their bikes were on the path towards the tree and at any moment, they would divert. 
Clinging to the branches, she held her breath as they slowed down and for a moment, she thought she had been spotted as they stopped. Fear had her gripping to the tree. She couldn’t believe where they had decided to turn their bikes off as she knew Jack’s body was nowhere near. If there was evidence, then she would have found it as she had searched the entire area. She tried to listen as they removed their helmets but then she noticed her motorbike. Praying that they wouldn’t find it as the grass was long; she slipped and created a noise.
William looked around but not up. ‘What was that?’ 
‘Nothing, stop being so jumpy,’ said Gavin. ‘You have to learn to relax otherwise you’re going to give us away.’
Vanessa could hear them talking.
‘You’re right, we have to be careful. Someone could be watching us right now. You know the police are out looking for him,’ said Richard, looking around terrified of being caught out.
‘There is no one here,’ Gavin said as he pulled on the branches camouflaging the hole in the ground.
With each branch that Gavin moved, more of a body was revealed; one wearing motorbike boots and a helmet. Vanessa knew straight away that it was Jack. Trying to control her emotions wasn’t easy as her heart was racing. Holding her breath to stop herself from screaming, she found that she couldn’t as she yelled out in despair. The boys looked up to see Vanessa shaking uncontrollably with rage. 
William and Richard turned to each other in a panic as now their stepsister knew where the body was. 
‘We have to turn ourselves in,’ said William wondering how his brother had been able to influence him.
‘No!’ demanded Gavin as he grabbed William. ‘We wanted to get rid of her in the first place, so once she’s in there with him then our job is done.’
Richard reminded them that it was supposed to look like an accident. William was having second thoughts. It was one thing for her to have an accident riding her motorbike but it was something entirely different to murder her. He didn’t know if he could do it. He looked up at her angry face and knew she would be the one killing them as her ferocity was plain to see. 
Looking through the branches on the ground, Gavin managed to find one which resembled an arrow. The tip was sharp and had pierced Jack with ease but she was too high.
‘Grab rocks and branches!’ he screamed at his brothers. ‘She needs to fall!’
Vanessa was pelted by Gavin as his brothers refused. Branches flew towards her like darts. Clinging to the trunk as she moved deeper inside the tree, she felt herself slip. For a second she was distracted by the tree. Instead of slipping on the outside of the trunk, she felt as if she was being sucked inside. A rock hit her head and she fell into unconsciousness.
Gavin jumped for joy, waiting with anticipation for her to let go. He could see her losing her grip. Any second now and she would be falling. As he waited with his brothers, they watched in disbelief as she was pulled into the trunk.  
‘Did you see that?’ said William looking through the branches. ‘She’s disappeared.’
Richard was trying to make sense of it. ‘She must have fallen inside the trunk. It must be hollow.’
They felt the trunk and searched for signs of it being empty inside but it was solid. 
William began to worry. ‘Richard, you’re the smallest, you climb up and see if you can see inside.’
Reluctantly, he climbed but where Vanessa had fallen was wood. ‘I can’t see her anywhere! How is it possible? She can’t just vanish!’
‘I don’t know,’ said Gavin. ‘But one thing is for certain and that is, she’s gone and it was an accident.’
‘How can you prove an accident without a body?’ said William as he watched his brother climb down.
Richard checked the perimeter in case she was lying somewhere. ‘We’ll have to talk to Dad.’
They decided to fill the hole so no one could find Jack and once filled, they went to speak to their father. 
Walking back to the house, they discussed their story.
‘We’ll tell Dad that we had nothing to do with Jack’s death and stick with that story and with Vanessa, we’ll tell him that she was climbing the tree and disappeared,’ Gavin told his brothers.
Walking through the back door, Gavin told them to let him do the talking so they remained silent as they approached Mason sitting on the couch. 
‘Dad, can you come outside?’ said Gavin as he didn’t want Lucinda to hear. 
‘Can’t it wait? I’m watching television.’
‘No, it can’t wait,’ growled Gavin.
Annoyed by the disturbance, he groaned as he got up and followed the boys outside. ‘What’s so important that it can’t wait?’
Gavin explained while Mason found it hard to believe that a girl could disappear into a tree so he got on his quad bike and followed the boys on their motorbikes. The movement of the dirt on the ground up ahead had him wondering about his boys but he checked the sturdy tree in case there was a reasonable explanation. 
‘I want the truth. Whatever it is? Just tell me,’ said Mason beginning to wonder if his boys were making the whole thing up.
Richard intervened and his father began to believe. 
Mason walked back to his quad to sit down. ‘Well, you know that if there is no body then there’s no money. You boys have blown it big time. I was lucky to find a rich woman at the gym who desperately wanted a man. I don’t think I’ll be that lucky again. There’s enough money for me to live comfortably but you boys will have to get jobs. There won’t be enough money to support you three as well.’
Gavin sat on the ground, devastated as his fears were coming to fruition. He hated the thought of having to go to work. He wondered if he could copy his father and find someone to support him. There had to be other girls out there with money who would find him attractive but then the wealthy girls at his school lived with horses. His life revolved around motorbikes and he couldn’t see himself sharing his life with an animal. His only option was to try to get his hands on Vanessa’s money.
‘Dad, we have to try,’ said Gavin. ‘We won’t say anything and when Lucinda reports her missing to the police, we can tell them that we haven’t seen her. If she’s reported as a missing person then the inheritance money might still come to her mother when she turns eighteen. Without a body, they might still hand over the money.’
His father agreed to play along as he headed back to the house. 
Lucinda was still sitting in front of the television when he joined her. ‘What was the problem with the boys?’ 
‘Nothing really, just bike problems that I had to fix,’ he said as he made himself comfortable. ‘I’m feeling hungry; do you want to make dinner?’
Lucinda turned to face him as it was an odd remark. ‘When have I ever made the dinner in this house? Vanessa will have it ready in time. She’s probably doing her homework or something.’
Mason realized what he had said. He knew that if Vanessa wasn’t around to cook dinner then there would have to be a few changes. But for tonight, he imagined himself driving to get fish and chips. His grumbling stomach would have to wait so his wife wouldn’t get suspicious of him being involved in her daughter’s disappearance. 
The boys were eating cereal before Lucinda realized Vanessa wasn’t cooking dinner. Annoyed that her daughter was being selfish, she headed towards her bedroom. She knocked on the door as she knew it would be locked but there was no answer so she turned the handle. Surprised to find the door open, she looked around the room but her daughter wasn’t there. She called out to her but there was no reply. 
Checking each room in the house, she thought that Vanessa must be out riding her motorbike. She called out to her as she made her way to the shed to see if she was there. It grew dark so she turned on the light which revealed her bike was gone so she went back into the house to demand that boys look for her. 
‘She must be still riding,’ said Gavin. ‘She’ll be back soon.’
‘But it’s dark. She won’t be able to see,’ said Lucinda. ‘I think she must have hurt herself.’
Although Lucinda insisted on them looking for her, no one moved. Angry with the response from them, and also the fact that she would have to organize her own dinner, she stomped to the back door and waited. Mason didn’t know how to react so didn’t offer any help when she went to the kitchen drawer and grabbed a torch. 
Once outside, she wasn’t sure which way to go as she had never used the tracks before. Walking down the back path, she knew her daughter could be anywhere and it was pointless her looking. Turning around to head for the house, she decided to phone the police for help. 
Tension filled the lounge room as Lucinda looked outside while Mason and his sons watched. It was only fifteen minutes but it felt a life time before a knock at the door broke the silence. Constable Biggins was let in and immediately, he felt suspicious as there seemed to be a lack of distress with the disappearance. He recorded the details of her appearance and as he continued his notes on the missing motorbike, he wondered if there was more to it. 
He chatted with Lucinda who gave the impression of being upset as he studied the males in the household. There were no tears so he continued to look for clues and when he searched her room, he found a lock on her door. He wanted to know about the relationship between Jack and Vanessa and observed Gavin as he quickly pointed out that Jack had nothing to do with her. 
Constable Biggins became suspicious and left to visit the Turner’s home. It was too much of a coincidence for the both of them to be missing without it being related in some way. He knew Emily Turner was distraught about her son’s disappearance and wondered why Lucinda wasn’t at least crying. 
A sobbing Emily opened the door to let him in. ‘Do you have any news?’
‘Vanessa has gone missing,’ he told her. ‘Do you know anything about her?’
She nodded as she walked to the kitchen table. 
‘They haven’t eloped, have they?’ said Constable Biggins.
‘I wish,’ said Emily. ‘Jack told me the Macleod boys wanted to kill Vanessa to get her inheritance. He was so worried that he asked me to help but I didn’t want to get involved. I wish I had now.’
With confirmation of his instincts being accurate, the constable decided to look for bodies instead of missing persons. He believed they were in the forest somewhere so he organized for the dogs to be brought out to try and find their scent as a search party had not found any clues. 
By daylight, the whole suburb had heard the news and wanted to help. Rumours were going around of a serial killer who was attacking kids on motorbikes and rage was growing. A huge amount of people and dogs stood outside the Macleod’s home sending a wave of panic through William and Richard. Gavin wanted to move Jack’s body but it was impossible as they would be seen. 
Mason didn’t know about Jack and tried to come up with a story about Vanessa as two of his sons wondered how long it would be before the dogs dug up the body. Gavin decided to join them in the hunt to try and divert them away from the tree. He pretended to look upset as he led them through tracks that he told them, she used to ride on. But people were losing hope and hysteria was rampant with the thought of a killer amongst them. 
Luckily, Constable Biggins was a man who was respected in the community so when he stated that he believed the disappearances were not random acts, it helped to ease the anger. He let them know of his suspicions as he hoped others would provide some assistance. So the search was stopped as he knew someone in the Macleod family would make a wrong move. It was a matter of time so he kept close to the house which had an effect on Gavin. 
As Lucinda was still unaware of her daughter’s whereabouts, she began to search in the forest. She felt safe knowing she was being watched by the policeman but Gavin on the other hand, was angry. He wanted to get rid of the constable despite knowing another one would take his place. His brothers tried to make him see sense but he couldn’t so they involved their father. 
Mason needed to stop his son before it was too late. Gavin’s behaviour was drawing attention and with Lucinda walking the paths, there was bound to be an error made. Jack’s body was still in the hole and they knew it wouldn’t be long before someone noticed the disturbance in the earth. They needed to move him but couldn’t until the focus was placed elsewhere. 
A decision was made to report Jack and Vanessa as missing persons so the Macleod family could relax and as Lucinda walked deeper into the forest, Constable Biggins arranged to bump into her. He helped her with her search as he encouraged her to speak. There was no point in sharing her curiosity about her daughter’s disappearance with Mason. He wasn’t one to listen but she needed to release her concerns so she paid attention when the constable spoke of ill ease in the body causing disease. 
She began to trust him and felt better when she spoke of the guilt she carried as her husband was pushing her to contact the solicitor. He wanted to know about the inheritance and what the situation would be if Vanessa never returned. With a decision made to listen to Lucinda’s phone calls, a policewoman smiled when she heard a call from a solicitor. 
Mason was quick to intervene as he wanted information and remained quiet when he was told about the consequences of Vanessa not being found. If she was still missing on her eighteenth birthday, then the money went to her mother. A squeal of happiness was heard as Mason passed the phone to Lucinda to ask for confirmation in writing. 
Gathering his boys together to make the announcement of not having to look for work, he forgot the solicitor could hear. William was the one to point out the flaw but his father shrugged as he no longer cared. He didn’t have to look for another woman so went back to watching television as he moved the household duties onto Lucinda. But William became worried as he watched his father in action. 
He began to think his father had no empathy and that the missing emotion had been passed onto Gavin. Mason only cared about the money which would soon come and Gavin only thought about hiding the body which was deteriorating under the ground. Richard didn’t want to speak about anything and preferred to take off on his motorbike. It appeared as if everything was back to normal but still William stopped at the tree with the golden leaves as he wondered where Vanessa had gone.
Chapter thirteen

Sometimes we need to accept what we don’t understand. Vanessa was having difficulty with trying to rationalize her situation as she wasn’t sure if she was conscious or unconscious. She lay on the ground rubbing her head as she focused. She tried to recall what had happened. Gavin had been throwing rocks at her and one had hit her head. Then she remembered falling inside the tree trunk but that was impossible. As she looked up at the golden leaves swaying in the breeze, she knew something wasn’t right. 
Suddenly, she jumped up in fear wondering where the boys were. Trying to hide behind the trunk of the tree, she peered around to see where they were but she was alone. Then she remembered Jack’s body in the hole. Looking around, she noticed there weren’t any branches covering the ground. How long had she been knocked out? 
She presumed the boys must have filled in the hole but then it didn’t make sense for them not put her in as well. It was the perfect opportunity for them to kill her so why hadn’t they? She tried to remember where the hole was and kicked around at the dirt as she knew they would eventually return to finish her off. 
Not knowing what to do as there was no point in digging up a dead body, she began to consider her options. No one knew where Jack’s body was but now she knew where he was buried and that was all the evidence she needed. It was important for her to stay alive so she could go to the police and put her stepbrothers behind bars where they belonged. She looked for her motorbike but it wasn’t there. 
Standing in the spot where she had left it, Vanessa remembered it being hidden in the long grass but the grass around her was short. Something didn’t seem right so she decided to sneak through the trees to make her way to Emily Turner’s house. It was going to be a long walk but she was the only person Vanessa could think of, who would take her to the police for help.
The forest seemed younger for some reason and she wondered if she was going the right way. The trees weren’t as large and the growth not as dense. A lot of light shone through the branches and the thick shrubs and weeds weren’t there. 
It was peaceful walking through the woods and she knew the connection of the two properties was up ahead. A few more steps and she would be coming up to the overgrown track she used to ride through to meet Jack. She prepared herself for the rugged terrain behind the bush but was surprised to see it cleared.
Nothing made sense except for the sound of the thunder coming from afar. Terrified, she jumped behind a tree, thinking her stepbrothers were coming after her on their motorbikes. As she remained still, she listened for them to pass but it wasn’t the sound of a motor. It was thunderous but not mechanical. Peeking to take a look, she found a rippling black horse galloping towards her. Quickly, she turned her body back behind the tree to watch the back of the horse disappear into the forest on the other side of the field. 
Standing for a while as she took deep breaths, she tried to think why someone would ride a horse on their property. There were many other tracks for horse riders and everyone knew her brothers rode motorbikes so it didn’t make any sense. She considered the mounted police but the rider had worn a dark bronze cloak and not a uniform. 
Something wasn’t right and as she was heading in the same direction as the rider, she wondered if she would see the horse again. Deciding to wait until her nerves were steady, Vanessa took a few deep breaths before proceeding forward. It wouldn’t be long before the opening would appear and she would be able to cross the field. 
The light from the sun continued to shine and she wondered what the time was as her watch wasn’t working. Information from her father about cycles of planets came to mind so she looked at the sky for an answer and that was when she noticed the moon. It was larger than normal and travelled upwards far too quickly. She watched in awe as it grew in size. For a moment, she felt as if she could touch it. Energy pulled at her to go closer but she had to stop herself as there was a need for her to keep moving. Distraction was the last thing she needed. 
It was dark by the time she got to the backyard of the Turner’s house. Feeling exhausted, she pushed herself not to sit on the bench. The noise of thunder appeared again and she wondered if she should confront the rider. She opted to hide behind the trees. Waiting was frustrating as she wanted to see Emily but the sound seemed further away. Moving to a position where she couldn’t be seen, she watched a herd of horses galloping towards the moon. 
Bewildered, as she had never seen or heard anything remotely close to the spectacle before, Vanessa wondered if she was dreaming. The moon seemed to be calling the animals. She felt the pull and wondered if the horses were also feeling it. They appeared to be in a trance and she was shocked when they galloped straight for it. The light grew and she had to cover her eyes as the animals disappeared. Maybe she was unconscious; it was a possibility but she kept going as there was no other alternative.  
As she walked closer to what should have been the Turner’s home, she noticed a difference. Light flickered through the windows of the stone cottage revealing a primitive house. Deciding to check if she was on the right property, she went to where the shed should have been to find a barn. Recalling the track she had taken, she wondered if the horses had distracted her into taking the wrong one. But she hadn’t. This was the house but it was from a different time. 
Anxiety filled her as she walked up to the door. She could hear people inside but didn’t recognize their voices. Thinking she might be walking into a trap, she decided against the idea of knocking and started to walk away. The door opened and a blonde-haired lady wearing a dress from centuries before, stood in front of her.
‘Are you Vanessa?’ she said softly. ‘We’ve been expecting you.’
Vanessa thought she was going mad and the large framed woman had to help her inside as Vanessa thought she wouldn’t make it on her own. Her knees were about to give way as she fell on the chair made of solid wood. Adjusting herself, she looked at the strangers in the room and burst into tears. The sky-blue eyes of the lady darkened as she warned the others to leave while placing a bowl of hot soup on the table. As she gestured for Vanessa to eat, she knew she couldn’t. Vanessa did consider a fancy-dress party but if that was the case then where was Emily?
The woman didn’t want to communicate until the others were gone so once the last visitor was through the door, she began to speak, ‘I know you’re worried but you are safe with us. Eat your soup, it will make you feel better.’
Vanessa wondered if the woman was related to Emily as there was a resemblance so maybe she was looking after the house. Thinking it was best to tell the woman where Jack’s body was, so she could tell the police, she began to explain.
The woman interrupted, ‘Don’t worry about Jack. He’s fine.’
Vanessa couldn’t believe what she was hearing. ‘How can he be fine? He’s dead.’
The woman’s warm hands grabbed hers as she told her not to worry. ‘There is a lot to tell you but I don’t know if it will be too much for you to understand.’
‘It won’t,’ said Vanessa squeezing her hands. ‘Please, tell me everything.’
‘My name is Emilia,’ sighed the woman who put a chair next to Vanessa. ‘I belong to Jack’s family tree. When he died, he came here. He is helping Aerona but he wanted to remain here to watch over you because Bran had to leave.’
Vanessa nearly choked on her soup. ‘I know her; she was the tour guide but how could she watch over me?’ Then she remembered the blackbird and went back to listening.
Feeling better that Vanessa was able to accept Bran being a bird, Emilia continued, ‘Aerona rules this galaxy and she has a soft spot for Jack so she allowed him to stay. But a moment of distraction has created a problem because you weren’t supposed to come here and yet, here you are.’
‘So have I fallen into the past to help sort it out?’ she said as she sipped her soup and began to feel better. ‘Or did I die?’
‘No and no. This is what humans call a realm. Normally, you would have to die to come here but Aerona let you pass through the tree which is a portal. Otherwise you would have been stuck. Imagine that! Anyway, you can stay here while the problem is solved.’
‘Wouldn’t it be better if I did die and then I could just live here with Jack?’
Emilia looked into her eyes with sadness. ‘It’s not your destiny and it’s not Gavin’s fate to have your money.’
Vanessa was surprised that she knew of Gavin. But Emilia was right about the money. Her stepbrother wasn’t getting it.
‘You can stay here until things are sorted out,’ soothed Emilia as she placed her hand on her arm.
Vanessa had questions. ‘Is my father here? Can I see Jack now? You said humans so does that mean we’re on another planet?’
Emilia smiled sweetly as she interrupted, ‘James Smythe has moved on elsewhere. Your father was fascinated with Mercury and he had good reason. It was where he used to live so that’s where he is now. He’s gone home and yes; Jack is here but you can’t see him yet. And I did say humans because on the earth level, that is what you are called. This is the first level known as Srees. It is the place to release your former self so you can begin to see beyond the star. It is the first chakra which is at the base of your spine. It is known as the root energy because this is the place where the evil has to be reversed so souls can live.’
Feeling relaxed after eating the soup, Vanessa’s concerns disappeared. Emilia had a soothing voice and listening to her, made Vanessa sleepy. She felt heavy as she sank into the wooden chair. Emilia hummed, creating calmness and Vanessa smiled as she watched the rounded woman help her to a room filled with pink furnishings.
It had been a while since Vanessa felt safe so there was no argument from her when Emilia suggested taking a nap. She was too relaxed to care about anything and as she felt the warmth of the mattress, she drifted off to sleep as Emilia tucked in the blanket. At that moment, nothing mattered but she could have sworn she saw Emilia turn off the lamp with a movement from her hand.
Chapter fourteen

Ignorance is blissful when you’re asleep but the next morning, Vanessa knew she had to face the unbelievable when she woke to pink surroundings. Feeling the soft blankets, she knew she couldn’t be in the past as the pink furniture would not have existed. Had she been transported to live in a doll’s house? Anything was possible. 
The bed was warm and comfortable and the chatter from the people in the lounge room helped to soothe her soul. Lavender drifted above her as she continued to sink into the mattress then she heard Jack’s voice and immediately jumped out of bed and headed for the door. 
It wouldn’t open and fear filled her as to why she would be locked in. Had she been drugged by Emilia? Irrational thoughts entered her mind as she tried to think of a way to escape. She screamed for Jack to help her but he didn’t come. Continuing to pull on the door only produced more panic but it finally opened and she ran into Emilia. 
‘I’m sorry, I didn’t want to lock you in but you can’t see him just yet.’
‘Has he gone?’ Vanessa asked as she ran into the lounge room, only to find it empty.
Emilia put her arm around Vanessa and led her into the kitchen but Vanessa had noticed something and ran back to her room. There was no lock on the door so she twisted the handle but it was an ordinary round door knob. 
‘How does this lock?’
‘Magic,’ said Emilia with a smile.
Vanessa looked confused. 
‘I told you this is a different realm. Energy is manipulated here. You call it magic.’
‘So I can do magic then.’ Vanessa began to think of what she could do to her stepbrothers.
‘No, you can’t. You don’t belong here. Which reminds me, I have to take you to Aerona; she wants to meet you.’
A plate of pancakes waited for Vanessa on the table and she stared at the maple syrup wondering if Jack had used the same bottle. Grumbling sounds came from her stomach as it protested against the delay of sustenance so she ate. Her stomach settled but her fingernails were full of dirt which made her wonder about her appearance.
Emilia began to laugh, drawing attention. ‘After breakfast, go to the first door on your right in the bedroom. I’ll be outside when you’re ready.’
Vanessa was left alone in the kitchen. She looked around at the snug lounge room filled with furniture made from wood and leather. The whole house was rustic except for the kitchen which seemed futuristic. Stainless steel cupboards hid away the appliances as nothing was on show, not even a sink. Then she pondered if there was a need for a kitchen. 
Taking the plate over to the bench, she wondered what to do with it but as she placed it on the bench, it disappeared leaving no evidence of any dishes ever having been there. Excited, she wondered what else there would be for her to get used to.
Then she remembered Emilia and went to the first door in the bedroom. Originally, she had thought the door was a wardrobe but now she knew it could be anything. At that moment, all Vanessa wanted was a bathroom. Opening the door, a toilet appeared. She expected a shower but there wasn’t anything else there, not even a wash basin. Closing the door, she decided to think of something else and a mirror appeared on the wall, showing her dirty clothes so she thought of how she would like to look clean. 
Opening the door slowly, she hoped her instincts were correct and when a wardrobe of clothes appeared, she felt confused. She had hoped for a shower but instead she gave up and picked out a pair of jeans and a jumper. As she took her clothes off, she noticed the dirt had disappeared from her fingernails and as she put her clothes onto the floor, they vanished. Quickly, she put on the new clothes and once through the doorway, she looked at her reflection in the mirror to find herself clean. 
Looking twice to find a flaw, she was stunned to see she was spotless. Even her hair shone as it bounced, full of life down to her waist. She looked at her teeth which gleamed white against her perfect complexion. Looking at herself in the flesh, she wondered if the mirror was magic as it was possible for it show what was wanted. 
She would have to go outside and see Emilia’s reaction to find out for sure. So she opened the front door not knowing what to expect but felt sadness when she noticed Emilia sitting on a bench at the front of the house. It had been the same spot where Jack’s mother had waited and she wished she could tell her that her son was alright. 
Turning around after hearing the door shut, Emilia looked at Vanessa and smiled. ‘I knew there was a beautiful girl under all that dirt.’
‘I wasn’t sure if the mirror was lying or not,’ Vanessa said as she walked towards her.
‘It doesn’t lie. That’s what you really look like.’ Emilia beckoned her to follow. 
‘Poor Mrs Turner,’ said Vanessa. ‘She is so worried about Jack. Can we tell her he’s alright?’
‘Maybe you can when you go back but for now you have to see Aerona,’ Emilia said as she pointed at the stables. ‘Can you ride?’
‘Not really.’ It had been years ago that she had ridden with her friends.
‘Then you will have to learn before we can leave.’
Vanessa wondered why they couldn’t use magic to get to Aerona. 
‘The only way to get there is by horse and I hope you’re not scared of heights.’
They continued to walk over to the horses as Vanessa began to worry. ‘Who is she anyway?’
Emilia laughed. ‘Oh, I don’t know how to explain this to you but I suppose you’re used to hearing about gods and goddesses from your father.’
‘She’s a goddess!’ Then she remembered the woman on the horse wearing a cloak.
Emilia ignored her as she saddled a horse. ‘This is Jack’s horse. You’ll be safe on him.’
Feeling assured that the horse was Jack’s made the experience a bit easier but she still felt terrified as she put her foot into the stirrup. She didn’t know if she was scared of heights but being up on the horse made her feel dizzy. She grabbed the reins as the horse snorted and as she clung to the saddle, the horse walked forward to a riding arena. 
Emilia gave her instructions as she walked towards the center of the enclosure. ‘Do as I tell you and you’ll pick it up. For now, walk around me.’
‘Practice makes perfect,’ Vanessa reminded herself as she obeyed the instructions. 
It was time consuming and her body was reacting. Muscles she didn’t know she had, began to complain but as the horse cantered, she felt the similarity of the motorbike’s movement. Confidence began to overtake apprehension and once Emilia noticed the connection, she told Vanessa to take the horse to the stable for a rest.
There was no argument as she was glad to do something else.
‘You’ll be fine now,’ Emilia said opening the gate to let her out.
As Vanessa dismounted, she asked if there were any motorbikes as all around them was quiet. Horses snorted and their movements created sounds but apart from that, there was no other noise.
Emilia checked the water bucket. ‘Jack asked the same thing but there are no motors in this realm. There isn’t a need for technology. Really, we don’t need anything here.’
More questions popped into her mind but Vanessa needed patience as she had to put the horse away. 
With Emilia leaving her to get a couple of biscuits of hay and feed, Vanessa took off the saddle and bridle. The horse’s black coat shone and his blue eyes sparkled. He moved closer to her and she felt the softness from his nose as he nuzzled into her ear. She could have sworn he was delivering a message but she couldn’t understand. 
His head moved towards her chest as he pushed her against the wall. Feeling as if she was about to fall, she threw her arms out to balance herself. In an instant, the horse’s mane was in her hands and her arms were around his neck. His head was back at her shoulder again as if he wanted to be cuddled. Playing with his mane while his mouth moved against her neck, provided a sense of security. She didn’t know whether to go or not as the horse seemed to be enjoying the attention.
Until Emilia appeared, and the horse pawed the ground with his front hoof in protest to Vanessa being taken away. 
Emilia threw him a stern look as they walked outside. ‘Do you feel safe with him?’ she asked Vanessa thinking about using a different horse.
‘Yeah, I do.’ It was weird for her to feel anything towards an animal as her mother had never let her have a pet.
‘Alright then, tonight you will have to ride him without a saddle or bridle. I’ll be with you on my horse so I don’t want you to worry,’ Emilia held her close. ‘Remember everything is different here so some things might seem strange to you.’
Different wasn’t the word that Vanessa would have used to describe her surroundings. It was early afternoon and curiosity got the better of her. ‘I’ve got nothing else to do for the rest of the day so can I leave your property and see where my street used to be.’
Emilia shook her head. ‘The days here are different to what you are used to. It will be dark again very soon.’ 
‘Can I go exploring if I stay near your house? I won’t venture off.’
Emilia saw the look of amazement in Vanessa’s big brown eyes and didn’t want to disappoint her so she told her to stay close by. ‘Remember that things are not as they seem. If you need help, just call out for me and I will be there straight away.’
The forest beckoned her but she was intrigued to what was beyond the driveway. A short time ago, concrete had been under her feet but now there was dirt. It was hard to comprehend. She wanted to explore but a voice in her head told her not to go too far so she looked towards the trees. As she walked under the canopy of branches, she remembered the time spent with her father and when she had been preoccupied with material objects and socializing. 
What others thought of her had been important and her appearance had been her priority. Since his death, she realized there were different types of happiness as Jack had made her happy, deep within her soul. The forest had brought her to Jack and again a tree had connected them. Inhaling the fresh air, she watched the leaves fall as she gave gratitude. 
Everything around her felt new. The dense forest around her home had been taken for granted. With a different sight, she studied the tree trunks which surrounded Jack’s home. Rough bark was smooth and leaves which had been green, sparkled. Streaks of silver shot through the air, mesmerizing her so she followed the performance down the path to see what else was there. Time slipped by but she had no idea as threads created light. 
Continuing to follow the tiny flow of lights, she considered stardust but when they flickered away, she understood that darkness was falling. Turning around to return to the house, she began to run but she wasn’t quick enough as now it was completely dark. Emilia had warned her about the difference between the two realms but Vanessa had not expected it to be so black. 
It was difficult to see and panic set in as she wondered if she had lost her sight. Putting her hands out to feel for the trees to guide her, she suddenly remembered that if she called out for Emilia, then she would come. Vanessa was about to scream when the moon appeared in the distance. Relieved that she wasn’t blind, she decided not to call out and instead used the moonlight to show her the way back. 
Emilia was waiting for her. ‘Did you see anything interesting?’
‘Definitely,’ said Vanessa feeling less panicked now that she had a companion again. ‘I lost track of time because I was watching the silver streaks. I’ve never seen anything like it. They remind me of arrows.’
‘Did you feel happy?’ asked Emilia.
Vanessa nodded as Emilia explained they were known as the light of life. ‘Humans see them as a light globe providing an explanation.’
Having an understanding helped but Vanessa’s emotion changed when she realized it was time to ride a horse without a saddle or bridle. 
Emilia could tell she was nervous. ‘Don’t worry. I do this all the time.’
‘Let’s get this over and done with,’ declared Vanessa putting on a brave face.
They headed over to the stables where a black horse appeared with a white mare.
‘Does my horse have a name?’ Vanessa asked as he walked up to her.
Emilia didn’t answer so she got on as the horse bent down to help her.
Chapter fifteen

Everything is not as it seems and Vanessa saw an extraordinary sight as she followed Emilia. They were headed towards the field where Vanessa had witnessed hundreds of horses galloping towards the moon. She wondered if they would be joining them but an enormous light distracted her and as she looked at her surroundings with a different perspective, more questions came to mind. 
‘Hold on to your horse’s mane!’ Emilia called out to her as her horse started to canter.
She didn’t know if she was scared or excited as she hung on. The horses increased their speed to a gallop and wind blew through her hair as she experienced freedom. Vanessa couldn’t help herself and put her arms out, trusting that he would provide a safe passage. The field seemed endless but the moon seemed close. Stretching her arms along the horse’s mane, she leaned forward to touch it. 
Taking a glance towards the ground, she noticed how quickly they were moving and instantly clung to the horse’s neck. Needing to focus on Emilia, she looked over and noticed her horse was off the ground. The sound of thunder broke through the night sky as other horses joined them and before she knew it, she was flying with them. They were being pulled by an unknown force which terrified her so she closed her eyes, until she sensed they had stopped. 
Slowly opening her eyes, she was surprised to find herself and Emilia in another forest and she wondered if she was home. The tree in front of her had gold leaves similar to the one she had fallen through but any thought of familiarity was diminished when she noticed slight differences. Knowing it wasn’t her imagination, she stared at the golden glow which seemed to provide an energy field around all the trees. The horses pawed the ground hinting to drink from the stream and Vanessa sat dumbfounded as she followed the golden specks while wondering if they were fish. In the distance, a sandstone canyon revealed a large crack and she remembered her father speak of Petra.
 Not a word was spoken as they rode along. It was a sight which had to be processed to be believed so Emilia continued in front of her as Vanessa took in the size of the large stone which stood before her. It grew in size as they rode closer and by the time, they had reached the entrance to a city, Vanessa was overwhelmed. Claustrophobia set in and she felt faint but a woman, standing on a balcony in the distance, distracted her.
An enormous building protruded from the rock where the woman waited so Vanessa inquisitively continued to follow Emilia until a tunnel appeared. Despite Emilia leading the way, she felt hesitant about going forward but her horse kept moving towards the glowing destination. She wondered what was waiting to greet them as she expected to see the lady who wore the bronze cloak but another archway of sculptured unicorns waited. 
Beings stopped what they were doing to look at the newcomer. They moved slowly around her, taking in her energy. They were of a higher vibration and Vanessa had no idea how she knew their thoughts but the meandering people were curious. One placed her hand on her horse’s nose as he sniffed so Vanessa jumped off, relieved to be back on solid ground. The jolt quivered through her body as she landed; the ground was truly solid gold. Looking at the surface with disbelief, she suddenly thought of the Macleod family. 
Her roaming mind was brought back by Emilia who had now dismounted and was making her way to the door. ‘Wait for me. I won’t be long.’
Vanessa didn’t like being the center of attention and wanted to hide beside her horse but the black steed had other plans as he walked over towards the dwellers. Without her animal, she felt vulnerable and looked for a place to blend in. Wanting to hide in the doorway of the sandstone structure, she placed her back against a locked door. A flapping sound became prominent and her horse returned to stand in front of her. Fear was felt throughout the beings so as Vanessa cringed, the muscled animal stood defiantly in place. 
Peering over the horse’s back, she saw another black horse arrive. Its huge, bat wings flapped with ferocity. This horse wasn’t the same as the one she hid behind. It landed close by but her horse didn’t flinch. Stomping the ground, with its ears back and nostrils flaring, it changed into a black jaguar. It was unexpected and Vanessa screamed as she ran for her life. The sleek cat gave chase and had her cornered before she had reached the next door. Nobody was coming to save her as she continued to scream. 
Terrified at not being able to move, the jaguar knew it had won. Crawling over the top of her with its teeth showing, to take the first bite, Vanessa was reminded of her dream when she was faced by the fangs of the snake. Closing her eyes, expecting the worst, she felt nothing. 
Her horse had come to her aid. Rearing up, it struck out at the wild cat. Scrambling out of the way, Vanessa looked around for something to help her horse. Poised in the crouching position, the jaguar was ready for the attack when Emilia appeared. At that moment, the wild animal transformed into a woman wearing a black cloak. 
Shaking from the ordeal, Vanessa wasn’t sure what to do when Emilia insisted that she and the hooded woman follow her. Lingering behind was the only option as Vanessa wasn’t sure who to trust. She wondered why Emilia had shown up at the last second. And who was the woman she was speaking with who had tried to eat her a few minutes ago? It was a dark entrance and she didn’t know what she was walking into. 
Fear crept through her and she looked for her horse for protection. The attack had been unexpected and she wondered if it was a test of some sort. Scenarios entered her mind but she soon became distracted when the door of the carved structure opened to reveal rooms fit for a goddess. The thick brown materials complemented the golden furniture carved into faces of many mythological creatures. At the end of the room stood a throne and Vanessa felt drawn to it. 
As she approached the chair, a woman appeared who stood and smiled, alleviating all concerns. She stretched out her arms as her amber eyes softened and her auburn hair fell along her bronze cloak. She wanted to communicate but Vanessa couldn’t. 
‘So, you’re Vanessa!’ she declared as she put her arms around her. ‘I can see why Jack is attracted to you. I’m Aerona and I’m in a moral dilemma as I have never had to make a decision like this before.’
‘Like what?’ Vanessa gulped as she turned to Emilia for support.
‘Come with me,’ said Aerona as she took a cautious teenager away for a private chat. 
Blackened trees swayed, dropping shrivelled leaves. The rustling sound disturbed the silence from the balcony, making Vanessa jump in fright. 
Again, Aerona put her arm around the girl to try to ease her emotions. ‘I’m sorry. I forget this place can be overwhelming. We’re all used to it but be assured that there is no danger here.’
‘Yes, there is,’ declared Vanessa. ‘I was almost eaten by a wild cat that changed into a woman.’
‘That shouldn’t have happened. The shape-changers don’t come here but I allowed this one to come to speak with me. Obviously, the experience was too much for her as well.’
Vanessa was confused. ‘What’s a shape-changer?’
‘In other realms, people can change into animals. Most prefer to live in their animal form because it’s easier for them to survive. Because she changed into a jaguar instead of a human, her animal instinct took over. You became food for her.’
It was too much for Vanessa to process. She had narrowly escaped death but she wanted to know more. ‘Why is she here?’
‘She thinks the dragon is in danger,’ Aerona stated with great concern.
The answers to Vanessa’s questions were getting worse.
‘I know it’s all a bit too much to take in but don’t worry, you will end up here anyway and all your questions will be answered.’
Looking around, Vanessa wasn’t sure if she wanted to live in the city of gold.
Aerona tried to change the conversation. ‘You like riding motorbikes, don’t you?’
Vanessa nodded.
‘You have a connection which makes you a good rider. When you were with a family who rode horses, you were a good horse rider. You had to live another life to learn from your previous mistakes.’
‘So I’ve been here before!’
‘Yes, but the transition has always been easy for you as you have empathy. You managed to skip the second level. Believe me you don’t want to go to Netsil.’
Vanessa was beginning to understand the system. ‘So I was in the earth level which is the third realm? Is that the place where humans get in touch with their emotions?’
‘It is where you learn to reach out to others.’
‘But then, why is Gavin there?’ she asked. ‘He doesn’t care about anyone. And why was my father there?’
‘He had a job to do,’ said Aerona passing a drink for her to sip. ‘Gavin unfortunately, has let his ego take over but don’t over think it. I find it’s better to go with the threads.’ 
Vanessa wondered what threads were but then a unicorn walked through the trees so she finished the liquid in her glass.
Aerona noticed her reaction. ‘Take the unicorn. Because it has a horn of pure gold, there is no way it can live in your realm. Could you imagine everyone trying to slaughter it for the gold? That’s why it lives here because everything is gold so people don’t need it.’
Vanessa imagined her stepfamily living with the gold. ‘How do you change a human into an animal?’
‘Well, after death the soul wants to go home but for example, if a human was inhumane then that person will go to Netsil for reprogramming and would be sent to live in another realm as an animal to learn about empathy.’
‘Well if Gavin goes back as a dog then he had better hope that I don’t become his owner,’ Vanessa growled.
‘Don’t be like that or you’ll end up being a snake,’ Aerona warned.
Vanessa wanted to know why she was there.
‘That’s my dilemma; you and Jack. You weren’t supposed to come through the tree. The only thing I can come up with is for you to go back and teach Gavin a lesson so he can end his karma. He has to understand that there is more to life than money.’
‘How do I do that?’ 
‘I have to think of something. Jack can’t go back to help you because he died there. The only solution is to send you back with a form of protection to fix the problems associated with the Macleod family.’
‘And then what happens?’ questioned Vanessa not liking the task ahead.
‘And then when you do die, you can come back and be with Jack.’
Vanessa felt as if she was being lectured in preparation for a battle. ‘Why can’t I just stay here with Jack without having to go back? Or what about if I go back and kill myself; can I be with Jack then?’
‘No!’ demanded Aerona. ‘It doesn’t work that way. You have to finish your task to move on to the next realm. There are nine levels to work through before you can come here.’
Vanessa understood that she had no other choice so she asked if she could see Jack while she was there.
‘He’s already here,’ Aerona said while wondering if she was making a mistake.
‘Where?’ asked Vanessa, looking around.
‘You rode him to get here.’
Her brain went into overdrive trying to think of the horse being Jack. Running as quickly as she could through the rooms, Emilia was left at the couch wondering why she was heading out the doorway. 
Vanessa lunged at the horse to hug his neck as he changed into Jack who held her in his arms. She couldn’t let him go but had to check his body for any damage from his death. 
Standing back, Jack wasn’t sure what she was looking at.
‘I’m making sure you’re alright,’ she said unable to believe he was in front of her.
He laughed as he pulled her in close and kissed her. 
Emilia watched them, shaking her head. ‘Teenagers,’ she muttered to herself.
Jack held on to her, glad he could finally be with her. He closed his eyes and placed his heart against hers. Inhaling her hair, he felt a presence and knew it was Emilia.
‘Jack, you have to change back into a horse so you can take Vanessa home.’ 
Vanessa panicked. ‘No, I don’t want to leave you.’
Jack smiled. ‘She means, my home, not yours.’
This time it was different for Vanessa as she rode back to his realm. She knew what to expect and she knew who her horse was. This time she hung around his neck without fear as they landed back in the field surrounded by the lush forest. 
Emilia had already landed and was surprised when Vanessa slid off her horse. ‘What are you doing?’ 
Vanessa looked at Jack. ‘I want to walk back with him.’
‘I’ll see you at home,’ said Emilia as she galloped across the field to the opening between the trees.
By the time Vanessa had turned around, Jack was back to his handsome self. She could feel his arms around her waist as he turned her around to face him. The moon grew smaller as he stared into her eyes. It was the moment he had been waiting for. He could now spend time with her, without having to worry about her stepbrothers. 
Slowly they walked the pathway as the moonlight decreased. Soon it would be dark but there was much to discuss. Jack told her of how they had made a hole for her to fall into, but he had ended up in there instead. How it had been an accident after all and how he had waited by the tree when he knew she was looking for him.
‘Wait, how did you know that I would end up by the tree?’ she asked.
‘I made sure your bike ran out of petrol there,’ he said with a smirk. 
Vanessa wanted to know how he had managed it but it was magic he would have to show her.
‘So it was you who pulled me into this realm.’ 
He looked at the ground and then grinned as he looked back at her. ‘I want you with me. Besides, I couldn’t leave you alone with Gavin.’ 
Vanessa felt as if she could fly to the moon without the aid of a horse. Then she remembered Aerona. ‘But I can’t stay here.’
‘I know, but I am allowed to show you some basic magic that you can use back in your realm and then when you’re finished, you can come back here and stay with me.’
‘Has anyone ever tried it before,’ she asked him.
‘No, I don’t think so but I used it to stop your bike,’ he said.
‘But you were energy and when I’m in the earth realm then I have a body.’ 
Walking hand in hand, they remained silent as they contemplated the future. For thousands of years, the realms had kept order. At times, chaos had entered and a job had been given to Aerona. Now, Jack and Vanessa were about to create another disturbance. 
There were no answers so Vanessa broke the silence, ‘How many people are in Emilia’s house?’ 
‘There are always a lot of beings or people or whatever you want to call them who visit.’
She hadn’t considered Emilia as being anything other than human. She didn’t ask. ‘I suppose it takes a while to get used to being here.’
‘Time’s different here,’ said Jack as he presumed she would be curious.
She shook her head. ‘I’m wondering how everyone fits inside the house.’
Jack creased his forehead as he listened to her question. ‘I told you. There’s magic here so there is always enough room for everybody.’
The noise stopped as they walked inside. The others were surprised to see a person from a different realm amongst them. Whispers meant they were the topic of conversation as Jack knew he had done something he wasn’t supposed to. Emilia interrupted by introducing Vanessa to everyone in the room and slowly everyone went back to their conversations. 
As Jack walked over to the kitchen, he asked for a drink and immediately a glass of brown frothy liquid appeared on the bench. ‘You can try, if you like? Just think of what you would like to drink and it will be made for you.’
Vanessa wondered what he was drinking but, at that moment, all she could think of was a strawberry spider. Putting her hand on the bench, she felt the metal change into marshmallow as she received a glass in her hand. She looked in amazement at the glass filled with lemonade and strawberry ice cream and grabbed the spoon which materialized. Jack laughed at the froth around her mouth and was about to lick it off her when Emilia interrupted, ‘Cut that out, you two.’ 
Jack looked at Emilia with a sneer. ‘That’s the only problem with magic. She knows everything I get up to.’
‘And don’t you forget it,’ Emilia declared as she walked back to the lounge room full of people.
Vanessa watched everyone with interest as they made themselves meals which appeared from the kitchen benches and walked into doors that revealed their bedrooms. It was getting late and Jack wanted to see what bedroom Vanessa had thought of. Embarrassed at the thought of showing him a room from a doll’s house, she tried to think of something else as she opened the door. 
As she stuck her head through the doorway, she wished she had stayed with the pink room as now she was faced with her mother’s bedroom. Jack laughed as he tried to imagine what she was thinking of when she asked for a room filled with love hearts. He couldn’t help himself, he jumped on the heart shaped bed and as he lay on the red blanket, Vanessa sat next to him. ‘Can you stay here?’ she whispered.
‘I want to but Emilia would be here before you shut the door.’ He sighed as he pulled himself up next to her. 
She kissed his cheek as he got up.
‘Tomorrow, I’ll teach you some magic.’ He smiled as he closed the door behind him.
She looked at the hearts in her room as she drifted off to sleep while Jack listened to make sure she was asleep before heading down the hallway to his own door. 
Looking around his room, he felt he lacked imagination as he stared at the cream walls and carpet. The wooden bed with brown chequered linen was the only piece of furniture sitting in the center. As he got changed, he thought about Vanessa’s room filled with hearts and imagined her sleeping as he drifted off to dream of her being with him one day.
Chapter sixteen

There is a reason for all things and when Jack woke up, he felt annoyed at not being allowed to sleep in the same room with Vanessa. He had gone through so much to be with her and it was difficult to resist keeping away from her while she was in the same house. Walking up the hallway, he hoped she was awake as he was looking forward to a day of teaching.
 It had been easy for him to learn magic but for Vanessa, it was going to be difficult as she didn’t belong so he wasn’t sure of what to expect. Standing at her door, he didn’t know whether to knock or not but she was already there. Excitement beamed from her as she dragged him towards the kitchen. 
No one else was up which meant they had the house to themselves so Jack wanted to see if she could create breakfast. She needed to focus her energy as making a drink appear was easy compared to a meal. So she filled her insides with air and as she closed her eyes, pancakes appeared covered in maple syrup and strawberries. 
‘You really like strawberries, don’t you?’ He laughed.
She pulled a face at him as she took the plate over to the table to watch as a bowl of porridge appeared. ‘My father loved porridge.’ She picked up a strawberry as she thought of him.
Jack knew she missed him but there was nothing he could do. Magic would not bring him to the level inside the planet. He needed to distract her thoughts as sadness would interfere with her focus so he began to explain about manipulating energy and how it might not work in her realm. 
The only magic she could use would be basic but if the level of energy increased then there was a possibility to extend her capabilities but first, she needed plenty of practice. Normally, all magic was picked up instantly but with Vanessa he wasn’t sure how long it would take.
After breakfast, they headed outside and Jack called for a ball to appear as he walked away from her.
‘Now ask for the ball to come to you!’ he called out.
She called out as she concentrated but it didn’t come. The more she called, the more annoyed she became but still it didn’t move. Out of frustration, she begged for any ball and miraculously, one appeared in her hand. ‘Where did that come from?’ she asked Jack who was still holding his ball.
‘You asked for one so you got one,’ he said, happy she could do it. ‘Ask for something else.’
Making his way back to her, he received a pair of shoes, another ball, a box of chocolates and a hula hoop. Laughing, he wanted to know if she had any control over her thoughts. 
‘I want to try something else,’ she said with a glare as he stood in front of her.
He told her she could use energy to make other people do things, such as trip over. ‘It’s not something we do here but it would be good to use on Gavin.’
She liked the idea and started to think about tripping Jack over. Trying to make him comply was difficult as he kept telling her to do it as he stood still. Angry with him, she complained about doing her the best. He continued to laugh as her anger grew. She knew he was being annoying for a reason as she began to feel the energy flow and then she laughed as he lay on the ground. It had worked, she had knocked him over. 
He rolled over onto his back as he grabbed her hand and pulled her down on top of him. ‘So you think that’s funny, do you?’
She screamed hysterically as he tickled her but their noise had alerted Emilia who warned Jack to leave her alone. 
‘I told you,’ he said. ‘She doesn’t miss a thing and now it appears she knows what I’m thinking as well.’
‘What next?’ Vanessa wanted to know more as she stood up.
‘Well, being invisible would be useful.’ He took her outstretched hand and she pulled him up.
She was eager as she asked him what she had to do. 
He explained it was only a case of feeling invisible so she closed her eyes and thought about not being there. 
Jack gasped in amazement as she disappeared. ‘You are there, aren’t you?’ he asked hoping she hadn’t made herself go somewhere else.
‘I’m here,’ she giggled as she answered. ‘I can do it. This is so much fun.’
She wanted to know more but he told her to practice what she had learned as she would need these things to help her when she went back. 
‘When will I be told to leave?’ she asked.
Jack didn’t know how long they had together so he wanted to make the most of every moment. 
‘Is there a way for me to come back here and see you even if it’s for a couple of hours?’
‘I don’t know but we can go back to the tree and try,’ he said. ‘Apparently, I’ve opened the portal.’
Walking along the track brought on memories of Gavin. Thoughts of him had seemed distant and emotionless but being close to the portal, brought on feelings of revenge. It felt as if a battle was eminent and she was sure a sword was waiting to be drawn. Did she have to teach Gavin a lesson? She knew she did and fast if she wanted to be with Jack again.  
The tree stood in full view as they approached. It shimmered and Jack wondered what Vanessa’s destiny was.
‘What if I get through and can’t come back?’ queried Vanessa starting to wonder if it was such a good idea to try.
Jack was thinking the same thing and hesitated as he reached into his pocket. ‘I want you to have this. Wear it as a brooch in case you need it.’   
Vanessa took the small sword and wondered if it contained magic.
Jack watched as she admired the workmanship and pinned it to her belt.
‘That’s a good place to keep it,’ he said pulling her jumper down to hide it. ‘Use it as a weapon if you have to. The point is sharp enough.’
Wondering what was ahead, she began to reconsider going through.
‘It will be alright. I got you through last time but if I can’t get through then wait by the trunk and I’ll pull you back.’
It seemed logical to Vanessa so she touched the tree trunk as Jack held her from behind. He was determined not to let go so he hung on to her waist with all his might as the suction pulled her through, and then she was gone. 
Jack had not been able to hold on to her as the pull for him to stay was too strong. She had disappeared the moment his grip had loosened. He tried to get through by himself but was unable to so he concentrated on his sight as he had used his vision the last time to see her. 
He looked into her realm and knew he didn’t belong there anymore. Looking around for a log to sit on, so he could calm down before trying to see her again, he forgot about magic. A recliner appeared under the tree to remind him so he sat and focused on Vanessa. She appeared in his mind’s eye so he made himself comfortable as he watched.
Vanessa wondered why Jack hadn’t followed. Panicking, she hung on to the tree so Jack could take her back but nothing happened. Desperately, she wanted to be with him but slamming her body against the trunk did nothing to alleviate the pain. She sat on the ground thinking what to do when she heard the familiar sound of motorbikes. 
It was her stepbrothers; they were heading towards her. She thought about hiding but then remembered magic. She hadn’t had time to test it but it was now or never. Concentrating as hard as she could, she was able to make herself invisible and watched as the boys flew past her.
Except for William, who stopped as he could have sworn, he had seen Vanessa. As he looked around, she remained still. He considered her a ghost which frightened him so he quickly took off to catch up with the others. Vanessa laughed at his reaction and feeling better with not being seen, she knew what to do. Gavin was the cause of her misery and now it was time for revenge. So she remained invisible as she walked back to the house. 
Wanting to see if her mother was grieving for her or not, a voice came to her. It was Jack telling her not to use revenge but to help Gavin change his ways. She knew to be with Jack, she would have to show Gavin he could live without money but didn’t know how to go about it. One thing she did know and that it was going to be as painful as possible for him.
Concentrating on being invisible made her weary but finally the walk to the house was over so she decided to find a place to relax. The television was on and as usual her mother and Mason were sitting in front of it. Sitting down on a chair for a rest, she decided to hang around for a while, to find out what had been going on while she had been away. Desperately, she wanted to hear her mother mention her or say anything about her disappearance. 
But Lucinda didn’t speak of her; she was too engrossed with the programme they were watching. Vanessa went for a walk around the house and noticed the mess in the kitchen. Nothing had changed in her bedroom. Not even the bed had been made. Her dirty clothes were still on the floor. In the laundry, the washing was overflowing from the basket. Had her mother been unable to do anything because of grief? She went to look at her again and knew it was due to laziness. 
Feeling hungry, she went into the kitchen to get something to eat and was surprised to see the pantry almost empty. Mason liked food so obviously her mother had refused to do anything as she was the one who went to the supermarket. Knowing that if she returned, she would be doing the chores, she decided to remain invisible. She grabbed a packet of biscuits and an apple and made her way outside. The boys were coming back and she wanted to spy on them. She hid behind the house to eat as she didn’t want them to see an apple and a packet of biscuits hovering in the air. 
Quietly, she put the rubbish in the bin and walked over to the shed while the boys put their bikes away.
‘I’m starving,’ said William as he hung his helmet on the handlebar. ‘I wonder what Lucinda’s going to make for dinner tonight?’  
‘I hate to think,’ said Gavin.
‘Her cooking is disgusting,’ grumbled Richard.
Vanessa smiled as she listened to the boys complain about the food situation.
‘Lucinda’s hopeless. She can’t cook or clean. My bedroom’s filthy. And she hasn’t done any washing,’ complained Gavin. 
Richard interjected, ‘It’s not forever. We can put up with it for a while longer and then we’ll be rich enough to employ a maid.’
William smiled. ‘And a cook.’
Hearing the news meant they were getting the money after all. Vanessa had hoped that without her body, they would not get it. Something had to be done. She didn’t want to hang around to show up on her birthday to claim the money. Besides, without Jack to share the money with her, she wasn’t interested. 
Following the boys inside the house, she giggled to herself as she listened to them complain. Lucinda was making baked beans on toast. As they sat at the table to eat, Vanessa managed to get a few mouthfuls of beans from the bottom of the saucepan. 
It was silent at the table until William moved his chair to take the plate to the kitchen bench. Vanessa thought of Srees and how her family would love to be there but they were in the third realm which meant; no magic. Someone had to wash the dishes but she wasn’t there so instead, the dishes piled up in the sink and the surrounding bench. 
One by one, the boys disappeared into their rooms which left Mason looking at his wife. ‘Lucinda, do you think you could do the dishes for me?’
She looked expressionless as she scuffed her way over to the mess. Slowly, she cleaned the kitchen and made her way back to the couch. The only time Mason got up was to make them a cup of tea, which he had done every night since he had moved in. Vanessa watched him as he placed something extra into her mother’s cup. It appeared to be a herbal remedy and Vanessa wondered if it was something to calm her nerves. Was Lucinda missing her daughter? 
Wanting to find out more, she took the bottle to examine it. It was hidden at the back of the cupboard. As she read the label, she realized it was a mixture used for relaxation purposes. Had he been giving her the remedy since the beginning? Could it be the reason why her mother didn’t care about anything at all? She had to be sure before any accusations could be made.
Gavin had already gone to bed when Vanessa went in to check on him. Her hatred started to increase as she watched him sleep. At that moment, she wanted to put the pillow over his head and kill him but then she knew she wouldn’t be able to see Jack. Then she thought about giving him the herbal remedy but that was pointless as well. Feeling sleepy, she decided to make her decisions in the morning and headed for her bedroom. Without thinking she went to lock her door but it wasn’t necessary so she slept soundly until a thunderous noise woke her.
For a moment, she considered the horses gravitating towards the moon but it was the boys getting ready for school. As she got up, she knew that today was going to be a good day. She was going to have fun embarrassing Gavin. Making her way to the kitchen, she saw him eating his cereal. He put the spoon down for a second to speak with William so Vanessa seized the opportunity and flicked the spoon out of the bowl, making the milk spill onto his shirt. 
William laughed. ‘How did you do that?’
‘Ughh, I don’t know,’ he said as he ran over to the wardrobe to get another shirt. ‘I don’t have any clean shirts!’ he yelled out as he ran into the kitchen to try and clean up the milk with a cloth. 
‘Come on,’ said Richard. ‘The bus will be here soon.’
His brothers were laughing at the stain on his shirt as he told them to shut up. 
Nothing had changed as they got onto the bus as the kids down the front still cringed as Gavin appeared. They waited for the punch in the arm but that was not happening today. As he clenched his fist, Vanessa put her foot out in front of him. Everyone laughed as he fell to the floor, landing on his school bag. 
‘Boy, are you clumsy today,’ said William.
Embarrassed, Gavin made his way to the back of the bus where the girls were waiting for him. As he sat down, Vanessa had to concentrate to make him fart. It was difficult but it was worth it as the girls complained and moved away from him, leaving him to sit on his own. William and Richard were in hysterics as Gavin crouched to the corner to hide his red face.
William turned to Richard. ‘What’s going on?’
Richard didn’t know but thought it was hilarious. 
Gavin waited until the bus was empty before he got off. Worried about being out of control and not wanting to risk anything else happening at the school entrance, he cautiously walked over to his locker. Vanessa wondered what to do next as she watched him move towards his classroom. 
One of his girlfriends walked up to him, a tall skinny girl with reptilian features. She stuck her tongue in his ear and he forgot about the disastrous morning. Lizette Leclerk whispered for him to meet her after class behind the sports hall. And as the teacher interrupted them and told everyone to sit down, Vanessa thought about her next move. 
She imagined him with pimples on his face and five popped up around his chin. There was an empty seat at the back of the room where Vanessa sat down to wait for the reaction. Everyone had their heads in their books so they hadn’t noticed. It was a waiting game but it was going to be worth it. Study time was over and the teacher had some questions about the piece they had read. 
As Gavin looked up, Vanessa noticed the discharge coming from the pimples. The teacher stopped speaking during his sentence and the reaction made everyone else, look over. The boys laughed while the girls were repulsed. Gavin, not knowing what the fuss was about, demanded to know what was going on. The teacher had to stop himself from laughing as he told him to go to the nurse.
Gavin grabbed his books and made his way to the nurse’s room. As he walked to the door, he saw his reflection in the window. How had they got there as he knew they weren’t there in the morning! It wasn’t possible for him to have pimples. He knew something was going on but there was no reasonable explanation. 
The nurse pulled a face at him as he walked in. ‘I’ve got something that will dry them out,’ she said as she squeezed out a cream for him to rub onto his face. 
It helped with the puss but they were still visible. He wanted to go home but the nurse told him that pimples were not a reason for him to leave. 
It was coming to the end of class and he wondered if he should go to the back of the sports hall. Keeping his head down as he made his way over, he felt better when he saw his girlfriend there. Obviously, she didn’t care about a few pimples as Lizette was all over him before he could put his books down. As she went to kiss him, Vanessa thought about him burping. His burp was so loud that even the lizard girl snapped out of her trance.
‘Sorry,’ he said. 
But it was too late as even she thought his manners were disgusting. He watched her walking away while he tried to think of why he had burped. He had never done that before. What was going on? He searched for his brothers and managed to find William walking to class. As William turned around to face him, he burst out in laughter. 
‘Don’t you start,’ Gavin warned. ‘You won’t believe the things that have been happening to me.’ 
William couldn’t help himself as he bit his lip, trying to be serious. 
‘What do you think?’ asked Gavin.
‘I think Vanessa’s ghost is after you,’ replied William trying to keep a straight face.
Vanessa was shocked and wondered if he could see her. She checked herself and knew it was impossible as she was completely transparent. 
‘That’s ridiculous,’ said Gavin.
‘Then what other explanation is there?’ said William as he turned to join the rest of the students lining up for class.
Gavin walked back to the sports hall. No one ever went behind there except between classes to catch up with their partners. As everyone was in class, Gavin knew it would be deserted. It sounded insane to him that Vanessa’s spirit would be hanging around but he had no other explanation. He threw down his books. ‘Vanessa, if you are here, you had better show yourself.’
She wondered if she should portray herself as a ghost. Sooner or later she would have to communicate with him so she appeared as he nearly filled his pants. 
‘Bloody hell,’ he cursed clinging to the brick wall behind him. 
She glared at him in disgust. ‘What?’ 
He didn’t know what to say; he couldn’t believe what he was seeing. ‘Are you a ghost?’ 
She nodded. ‘I’m going to give you hell.’
He knew he was doomed. ‘So are you going to stay with me forever?’
She nodded again. 
‘Can I make you go away or stop what you’re doing?’ he said with pleading eyes.
She thought about the opportunity. If he could change then she could be with Jack. ‘Yeah, I’ll stop if you do as I say.’
‘Anything,’ Gavin responded. ‘What do you want me to do?’
‘To start off with, I want you to get Mason to divorce my mother.’
‘Why?’ Gavin thought it was a strange request as they seemed happy together.
‘I don’t want your family to get the inheritance.’
Then Gavin understood. He hated losing the money but he had no choice as he knew he couldn’t live with her ghost so he agreed. 
Vanessa disappeared as she warned him that she would be watching. 
She left him alone for the rest of the day but the damage had been done. The whole school was laughing at him. Getting on the bus to go home, he was reminded to speak to Mason as the girls who normally made him center of attention demanded that he sit at the front of the bus. Reluctantly, he sat alone and thought of how to persuade his father into leaving Lucinda. As hard as he thought, he couldn’t come up with anything so he decided to say whatever came to mind.
His father looked up at him as he walked in the door. ‘What happened to your face?’
‘That’s nothing, Dad. I need to talk to you.’ Gavin gestured for him to walk outside.
Out of curiosity, his father followed. ‘What’s wrong?’
‘Dad, you need to leave Lucinda.’
Mason was shocked. It was the only way he could have enough money without going to work. There was no way he was going to give that up.
‘Dad, listen to me. See these pimples on my face. This is just the start of it. Things are going to get worse. Lucinda does nothing around the house. At some point one of us is going to have to run the house. I go to school so you will be the one working. Think about it, how long is Lucinda’s money going to last? You said yourself that there was only enough for a few years.’
Mason interrupted, ‘Yes but soon, I’ll be rich with the inheritance.’
‘No, Dad,’ Gavin replied. ‘We’ll all be locked up because they will have discovered Jack’s body by then.’
‘What?’ questioned a stunned Mason.
‘We killed him, setting up a trap for Vanessa. The whole family will be blamed and the inheritance will be stopped.’
‘Alright, alright,’ Mason was now thinking of what to do. ‘We’ll dispose of Jack’s body properly, that way no one will ever find him.’
‘Forget it. I’ve already thought about that but Constable Biggins is always watching us, waiting for us to make the wrong move. He knows it was us.’
‘I can’t just leave. Where would we go?’ Mason was already missing his good life.
‘You can get a job and we’ll find a cheap place to rent,’ said Gavin.
Mason cringed at the thought of working but after what he had been told, he didn’t know what else to do. The last thing he wanted was to live in a prison.
Chapter seventeen

Never take anything for granted because there will come a time when it will be missed. Mason was learning a lesson and became upset at the thought of moving. As he tried to think of somewhere else to live, he walked inside the untidy house. Looking at his wife sitting on the couch, he remembered back to when they had first met. She had been full of life. For a moment, he felt guilty about drugging her with remedies which numbed her brain. All he had ever wanted was to live the good life but now he knew it was coming to an end. 
He slumped into the chair and rethought his life. Had it been that good? Would it have been better to enjoy his job and appreciate the income? He wouldn’t have needed to take money from others as he would have made enough to relish his life with his family. He had loved his sons’ mother and maybe she had become ill as a result of his negativity. His sons had taken on his traits and when he looked at Gavin, he saw himself. A mistake had been made as murder had never been something to consider.
Pacing the floor as he couldn’t sit still, Mason looked out the window and watched Gavin walk towards the forest. He wondered if his son had murdered Vanessa. With sadness in his heart, he acknowledged he was to blame. The problem could be erased if he got rid of his son but despite everything, he loved him. Lucinda mumbled as he considered Emily and Lucinda losing their children. How would he feel if one of his sons was dead? He had to think about what to do so he returned to sit with his wife.
Gavin entered the security of the trees and felt better that his father knew the truth about Jack. He wondered what was installed for him as he had never considered the supernatural. ‘Alright, Vanessa, are you happy now?’
She appeared. ‘Yes, that’s a start. I’ll leave you alone for now but I want you all to leave this house as soon as possible.’
He turned around to head back home as Vanessa disappeared. She had to make sure Gavin was well away before heading over to the tree to see if Jack could pull her through. As she walked along the track, she heard the motorbikes start up. She knew Gavin would join his brothers but there was a problem as William’s bike had stopped.
‘Go on without me,’ he said to Richard as he wondered what was wrong with his bike. ‘I’ll catch up.’
Checking over his bike, he couldn’t find any reason for it to stop so he tried to kick start it, to no avail. Gavin had returned and took off to catch Richard so William decided to roll it down the hill, hoping it would start when he put it into gear. It wouldn’t comply so feeling annoyed, he told his brothers to go as he rolled his bike to a stop. 
There was no logical reason for his bike not to work so he balanced it against a tree as he cursed. Movement caught his eye and he was glad of the distraction. Vanessa was standing behind a tree and she hadn’t noticed William so quietly, he watched. Not being able to figure out why she was hugging the tree, he remained silent and then she was gone. He waited for her to materialize but curiosity found him going over to the tree. Standing in the same spot, he hugged the tree but nothing happened. He had nothing better to do so he stayed there.
Vanessa had made it through the portal but hadn’t realized she was being watched. She heard the motorbikes go by but didn’t look to see how many there were as she had been focused on Jack. The importance had been too strong and she had forgotten about remaining invisible. When she had stood at the tree, she had begged for Jack to take her and at that point, she was sucked through to the other realm. 
Happiness filled her as she gazed into his smiling face. He took her over to the reclining chair to sit on his lap while she told him everything. But Jack wasn’t as enthusiastic as magic was not used for revenge but he was glad that Gavin was going to try and convince Mason into leaving Lucinda. 
‘You know you have to go back and make sure things are sorted out,’ he said.
‘I know. I just wanted to see you again,’ she said as she leaned over to kiss him.
‘What are you two doing?’ shouted Emilia.
Vanessa explained but Emilia was concerned.
‘No one saw me,’ said Vanessa providing reassurance. 
‘The portal between the two realms might become weak if you keep using it. We have to be careful. We don’t want just anyone coming here.’
Vanessa agreed that she would not come back until the job was done so Emilia watched as she made her way back to the tree. 
Taking a deep breath, she turned to Jack. He grabbed her and held her close for as long as he could. He knew Emilia was watching and he had to let her go but his eyes pleaded for her to stay. Emilia cleared her throat and with the distraction, Vanessa broke free to be sucked back to her realm.
Screaming as she faced William, she fell backwards. Out of fright, William grabbed Vanessa and together they both landed on the ground. Vanessa waited for Emilia to complain but she wasn’t there so she pushed her stepbrother aside so she could take in her surroundings.
‘Where are we?’ said William scrambling to his feet.
‘Thanks to you, I don’t know,’ answered Vanessa. ‘Why were you there?’
‘I saw you disappear so I waited for you to come back.’
Vanessa couldn’t believe she could be so stupid as to let herself be seen. But the question remained as to where they were. The forest was the same but seemed darker so inquisitively they looked for familiar tracks. The field was missing and there were more trees than expected. She was reminded of Jack’s realm and wondered if the blackness of the trees was due to a fire. Had it raged through while she had been away as it appeared that heat had destroyed everything in its path! New shoots provided signs of life and she began to think about the time difference.
They decided to walk along the track which would have led to their home to see what was there. As they made their way forward, the trees gradually decayed which concerned William and when he heard hooves, he panicked and grabbed Vanessa who made herself invisible. She took William’s hand, making him transparent as well and they jumped to the side and watched the rider go by. It wasn’t Jack and it wasn’t a normal horse.
‘Did you see that?’ said William. ‘He was riding a horse but it wasn’t real. It was like a robot or something.’
‘Ssshhhh!’ said Vanessa as she thought of what to do. ‘I know.’
‘Where are we?’ William demanded thinking that Vanessa knew but didn’t want to tell him.
‘I’m not sure. I went to a place to be with Jack but this isn’t it.’
The more they walked, the darker the place became. A feeling of dread came over Vanessa so she decided to head back to the tree to try to get back through the portal. William agreed.
Staying invisible, William held on to her as she pushed her way through the trunk. The suction wasn’t as draining and they both sighed with relief when they heard the sound of motorbikes. As they looked around, they knew they were home so William let go and became visible again. 
‘Vanessa, I know you’re here so show yourself,’ he said.
‘No, and I don’t want you trying to get through again,’ she told him. ‘I’ve made the portal weak and that’s why we ended up somewhere else. Promise me that you won’t try to use it.’
William nodded and went back to his bike as he deciphered his ordeal. It was overwhelming and he threw his bike to the ground to release his energy as Vanessa walked back to the house. 
Throwing the vehicle to the ground had loosened something as it managed to start so he got on and made his way to look for his brothers. He could hear them in the distance and accelerated to full throttle to alleviate his emotions. Too many thoughts were running through his mind and he pulled up in front of them to bring them to a halt. His adrenalin had taken over all sense so when his brothers recognized something was wrong, they turned off their bikes as they undid their helmets.
‘Where have you been?’ said Gavin. ‘What’s happened?’
William shook his head. ‘You won’t believe me.’
‘Try us,’ said Richard.
William explained, intriguing the boys who asked their brother to show them how he got there. Guilt weighed heavy on his heart but he led them back to the tree. 
Leaving their bikes, they hung on to William as he placed himself in the same spot as before and a second later, they were through.
‘This is it,’ he told his brothers. ‘This is where Vanessa and I were.’
Richard and Gavin were impressed. They wanted to walk around but William was scared. He then acknowledged he had made a mistake as he should have kept his promise to remain silent.
 ‘How can you be scared with us and not with Vanessa?’ said Richard.
‘She made herself invisible and me as well.’
‘Well, how did she do it?’ said Gavin wanting to be transparent.
‘I don’t know,’ said William as he tried to think about what she had done. 
But it didn’t matter as everything he tried didn’t work. Richard was impressed that Vanessa could make herself invisible while Gavin wanted to know how to do it so he could seek revenge. William suggested returning home but the other two weren’t leaving. They wanted to explore and headed off in the direction that would have taken them to the road if they had been within their own realm. 
There was much to take in as the blackened forest seemed endless and after walking for an hour, they knew there was no road. Deeper and deeper they continued and did consider turning back but rock appeared in the distance. The change of scenery lured them and when a hole materialized, they became intrigued. 
Standing behind the trees for security, they listened to a rumbling sound coming from inside. Although the cave was far away, they still had a clear view so the boys waited with anticipation. William was having second thoughts and he froze when he glimpsed what was making the sound. A dragon’s head appeared through the entrance and jaws dropped as they looked at the mythical creature. 
As it walked out, it blew a stream of fire that scorched the ground below it and William wished he wasn’t there. He frantically tried to make himself invisible but it wasn’t working. He thought about running away but was shaking too much to move. 
Gavin told him to settle down as they were well hidden but still, he found it difficult as the creature emerged. Its claws stomped into the ground, rippling its red scales with every movement. The ground vibrated and flames grew in size. A serpent tongue appeared and took hold of a branch and with the leaves secured in its mouth, it turned back into the cave with its snack.
The forest became quiet again and the boys couldn’t believe what they had witnessed. They were well aware why the trees were black as the dragon had obviously burnt the forest. Gavin and Richard wondered what else was lurking but William was only thinking of the bad ones. Werewolves came to mind and he was not going to hang around to find out. 
‘We have no defences here,’ he told them. ‘I’m going home.’
Gavin agreed that they were defenceless and suggested going home to get ammunition. 
‘What? You want to come back!’ scorned William, amazed as to why anyone would. 
Richard wasn’t sure but Gavin was already heading back to the portal.
The tree of gold was in the distance as they quickly headed for the trunk to transport them back home. Relieved to be in the safety of their realm, William grabbed his bike and rode back to the house. His brothers followed him but stayed in the shed looking for their father’s gun which he had bought when he thought he might take up shooting. 
It had only been a whim as the gun had never been used; much like the quad bike sitting in the shed that Mason was supposed to ride with his sons. Gavin took the gun outside and loaded it up. 
He filled his pockets with bullets and got back on his bike. ‘Who’s coming with me?’
Richard was the only one to answer. 
William watched them return to the tree while wondering if he should tell his father. He heard the motorbikes stop and knew they were going through. As he sat on the ground, Vanessa appeared beside him. Before she could ask, he apologised before explaining, ‘Gavin and Richard have gone into the dark realm.’
‘Why did you tell them?’ she said knowing that he wished he hadn’t. ‘Well, we’ll have to wait.’
William looked at her. ‘You’d better make yourself invisible in case Dad comes out and sees you.’
Gavin and Richard were at the tree and took one last look at William before leaving.
‘It would be good if we could take our bikes,’ said Richard. 
Gavin agreed but thought they would make too much noise so they placed their bodies on the tree trunk and walked through. 
The forest seemed darker than before as they looked for a different track and Richard wondered what else lived there. But Gavin didn’t care as he had his gun ready, in case they met something undesirable. Nothing was going to deter him from exploring and he believed he had found the right path when the darkness lightened. 
He assumed it an omen but when smoke rose in the distance, they thought there was another dragon. Gavin aimed his weapon and only lowered it when a chimney appeared above the tree tops. Cautiously, they made their way to a stone house and hid in the bushes to see who lived there. They waited but as there was no movement, they decided to follow the edge of the forest to get a better look at the building. 
Making their way forward, they noticed the house was much grander at the front. It was unexpected with an impressive entrance of black beams which faced a courtyard of bluestone pavers. 
‘Someone’s coming,’ said Gavin as he pushed Richard behind a tree.
A coach pulled by two grey stags came up the driveway leading to the courtyard. As it stopped at the front of the house, men dressed in shorts, long socks and shirts ran to help someone out. One of the men bowed and asked the gentleman who wore a crimson suit, to come inside. As the man followed the servants, someone came out to greet him.
A woman, who resembled Lucinda, kissed his hand while she announced that Theo Grimscott had arrived. 
Gavin wondered if his eyes were playing tricks on him. ‘Do you think she looks like Lucinda?’
Richard had been thinking the same thing. ‘Do you think we’re in another time?’
Gavin shrugged and they turned to watch for more clues. 
It was getting darker and no one else had come out. They didn’t want to leave without seeing another person so they crept into the stables at the end of the house. Apart from the horses, there seemed to be no one else around. 
From the front of the stables, it was possible to see through the upstairs windows but they couldn’t risk being exposed. Gavin noticed the loft and thought they would get a better view so they climbed their way to an opening which he believed would keep them hidden. 
Richard peered through a window directly across from them and noticed someone in the room. ‘It’s Vanessa. Or at least, she looks like Vanessa.’
‘Veronica Smythe, Veronica! It’s time for you to get ready! Your future husband is waiting!’ The maid yelled through a locked bedroom door. There would be consequences if Veronica wasn’t ready to greet Theo Grimscott. 
Reluctantly, Veronica walked away from the window to let the maid in. Knowing she had to face the man she did not love, she went back to her reflection of despair and suddenly screamed. She had not expected to see two young men watching her.
Gavin and Richard were in full flight as they ran for the forest and they didn’t stop until they were back at the tree. Exhausted, they stood at the trunk to be sucked into their own back yard. 
‘Did you see that?’ said Richard, puffing after running for so long.
Gavin lay on the ground trying to get his breath. ‘That was too weird.’
Now that their curiosity was aroused, they knew they would have to go back. They grabbed their bikes and headed back to William who was sitting, waiting for their return.
‘Wait until you hear what we saw,’ said Richard as he stopped in front of his brother.
William wanted to tell them that Vanessa was next to him but stopped when he felt a kick in his shin. The boys couldn’t stop talking; the more they said, the faster they went. It was hard for William and Vanessa to keep up with them. Although William was as intrigued as they were, he didn’t want to go back. But Vanessa did. Her curiosity had also been aroused so she hung around Gavin to make sure she would be with them when they went through.
Chapter eighteen

Always expect the unexpected as anything is possible. Jack knew the Macleod boys were involved with creating a situation which would have ongoing repercussions. He had dreamt about it. Something had to be done but he wasn’t sure what to do. Going back to the portal, Jack noticed the tree was dull. 
He wondered why as he wasn’t aware, the first realm was blocking itself in preparation for what was to come. The Macleod boys entering the second realm was creating consequences and Jack needed to stop what was inevitable. Standing at the tree, he tried to think of ways to communicate with Gavin, to stop him from interfering. 
But Gavin was not one to think of ramifications and it didn’t enter his mind that his stepsister might be watching over him as he fell out of bed. Walking into the kitchen he was greeted by his brother. Richard hadn’t been able to sleep as he couldn’t wait to go back to the house to see who else lived there. 
Scoffing down their cereal as fast as they could, they grabbed their bikes and the gun and took off for the tree. Walking through the portal was easy and they knew they were in the right place when they saw the forest of decay. 
They ran through the trees trying to be discrete. Extreme measures had been taken to ensure they blended in with their surroundings. They had chosen army green clothing and Gavin had blackened his face as an extra precaution. Richard had thought it wasn’t necessary but felt vulnerable once inside the darkness so he rubbed his face with dirt. 
The forest was quiet as they made their way to the stone mansion. The back windows were in view so Gavin fiddled with his pockets.
‘What are you looking for?’ Richard asked him.
‘I’ve brought an old two-way radio we used to use. I’m going to put one in the servants’ quarters. That way we’ll know what’s going on.’
He handed the gun to Richard. ‘I’m going over so keep me covered, just in case someone sees me.’
Richard wasn’t keen on holding a gun but he knew he would use it to protect his brother, if the situation arose. 
Looking for an open window was easier than Gavin imagined so as the servants ate, he lowered the device behind a chair in the basement. Quickly, he ran back to Richard to test it and as he switched it on, they heard voices. 
‘Yes,’ said Gavin delighted that his idea had worked. 
The boys heard a lady walk into the room. She was speaking about Veronica, so they presumed she must be a maid.
‘That Veronica,’ she said, ‘she doesn’t want to marry Theo Grimscott. I don’t blame her; he’s old enough to be her father. And imagine, he already has three sons to his late wife. She’s the same age as his eldest son. It isn’t right. I know they’re doing it because they want to be part of the Founders, but it isn’t right.’
Richard looked at Gavin. ‘Does this sound familiar to you?’
The maid continued to speak, ‘You know who is keen on her, that blacksmith’s boy, Jackson Turner. Have you seen the way he looks at her? He’s a handsome lad but she’s never noticed him. I think she’s too worried about this wedding.’
A male voice interrupted them, ‘You’d better get Veronica ready. Mr Grimscott is on his way with his sons; they’re coming for some tea.’
‘Right,’ said the maid. 
Silence meant everyone had left the room. 
‘Jackson Turner,’ said Richard. ‘Do you think he will look like Jack?’
Gavin didn’t know what to think. ‘I don’t know.’ 
‘Well, Veronica looks the same as Vanessa.’
The boys moved to the front of the house to get a good view of the Grimscott family. The coach arrived at the front entrance and Theo Grimscott was helped out followed by his three sons. Mrs Smythe was at the door dressed in an outfit which resembled a black wedding dress. 
In turn, the boys bowed their heads and kissed her hand as Gavin and Richard watched with amazement. The similarities were unexpected and they went into shock when she mentioned to the maid for Gawain, Gerhard and Wilhelm to follow her.
Gavin and Richard couldn’t move as they watched their doubles walk inside. 
‘What’s going on?’ exclaimed Richard. 
‘We have to get inside the house,’ said Gavin. ‘We have to hear what they’re up to.’
Richard wasn’t moving. ‘Are you insane, what happens if we get caught?’
Gavin was thinking. ‘I know. We’ll go back home and change into clothes that they are wearing. Nobody will know who is who if we do get caught.’
‘And where do we find clothes similar to theirs?’ questioned Richard, sarcastically.
Gavin smiled as he said, ‘The school theatre.’
Richard didn’t like it but he had no other choice but to go along with his older brother.
They ran back to the tree and through the portal where their motorbikes waited. It wasn’t a long ride but it took time for Gavin to persuade the girl working there, to let them borrow the costumes. He had used his charm and liked the outcome but finding the necessary shorts and shirts meant they needed to take clothes from the Sound of Music wardrobe. Richard complained about looking ridiculous but his brother was too excited to care and put them on before riding back to the tree. 
William stood near the shed and the boys laughed at his reaction. He had to look twice as he wasn’t used to seeing them without their motorbike gear on. Then he looked around, wondering where Vanessa was and if she was dressed in strange clothing as well. But she wasn’t there as she had not followed the boys for a change of clothing. 
As she was invisible, she was able to go inside. She had not known what to expect inside the house as Vanessa had been equally shocked with the appearance of the doubles. Cautiously, she made her way through the interior as she didn’t want to draw attention to herself. 
The house reminded her of buildings from fairytales. A book her father used to read to her, when she was younger, had been filled with pictures of houses with pointed rooves and wood trimmings. According to James, they had been tales from the faeries. Their homes had been tasteful and blended in with nature. The surroundings had been beautiful and humble but the house Vanessa was admiring was lavish. 
It was grand with plush furnishings, tapestries hung from the walls and silk carpets covered polished floorboards. A wealthy family lived there. She entered a sitting room, filled with chairs and couches which faced a large fireplace and a piano. An enormous painting on the wall dominated the space and she noticed the familiarity with her own family. 
The woman in the picture looked exactly like her own mother and the girl was a reflection of herself. The man standing beside them with a smile on his face was her father. She decided to walk through the house to see if she could find him. Even if he wasn’t James, she wanted to see someone who may be a version of his former self. 
Groaning came from one of the rooms so Vanessa walked in to find her double getting dressed. The gown was big and bulky and two maids were needed to help her get it on. Observing the girl was different to looking at a photo or in the mirror. Instinctively, she went to speak with her but knew she would make her insane if she appeared before her. 
Quietly, Vanessa sat and watched her get ready. They fiddled with her hair and once the last jewel was put into place, the maids left. Veronica was alone and, in the silence, her true feelings unveiled themselves. 
Noticing how scared Veronica was as she walked over to the window, Vanessa wondered what could be so terrifying. She wanted to look but couldn’t risk the exposure so continued to watch as Veronica’s face changed to one of great sadness. Wanting answers, Vanessa crept towards the window. 
The stables at the end of the courtyard were filled with horses. A blacksmith was tending to them so Vanessa watched him take a horse and hand it over to a boy to hold, while he picked up a hoof. The boy turned around to face the window and Vanessa’s heart stopped as she looked at Jack. 
She had to jump out of the way as Veronica turned in distress. Then she understood that Veronica was in love with the boy who resembled Jack. Watching her double run out of the room only justified that she had to find out more about the blacksmith’s helper. 
It was important to remain invisible so Vanessa concentrated as she made her way out of the house. The closer she got to him, the more she wanted to touch him but she didn’t know if he was Jack or not. She watched him stare into the window again. 
The blacksmith grumbled, ‘Stop looking at her, son. She’s to be married soon. You have to stop thinking about her.’
‘But I love her,’ Jackson told his father for the thousandth time.
‘I know you do but you two can never be together.’
Vanessa listened and wondered if she was in the past. It would provide an explanation as she believed that if Veronica couldn’t be with Jackson in the past then it was why she couldn’t be with Jack in the future. If she could change things, then that would mean her lifetimes would be spent with Jack. She had to find a way to stop Veronica from marrying Theo so she could be with Jackson. Somehow Vanessa had to confront her double. 
Luckily, looking for Veronica wasn’t difficult as she only had to follow the sound of sobbing. She found her shaking outside of the doorway and then realized she couldn’t appear in front of her as it would send her over the edge. There had to be another way. 
Then she knew what to do; she would speak to her while she was asleep. That way she would think it was a dream. Vanessa had to find out what was going on so she stayed with her as she watched Veronica open the door to be greeted by her future husband and his sons. 
Vanessa had seen the similarities from afar but when she faced the Grimscott boys, she nearly materialized. She had to remind herself that they weren’t really her stepbrothers but she still shivered despite the knowledge. The wedding had to be stopped as there definitely was a need to change the course of events. The eyes of Gawain were the same as Gavin. 
He had the same look of hatred as he stared at his future stepmother so obviously, he didn’t approve of the marriage either. Vanessa wondered why they were getting married. From what she could gather after listening to the maids, Theo Grimscott was a wealthy man. From the surroundings and staff, it appeared that the Smythe family were also wealthy so it didn’t make sense. Vanessa decided to hang around Jackson until dark and then she would go to work on her double. 
Gavin and Richard had come through the portal and were making their way to the house. They snuck into the back entrance and crept down the corridor. A maid walked towards them as Gavin told Richard not to panic. Not an eyebrow was raised when she walked past them. 
‘It worked,’ whispered Gavin, ‘the staff think we are Theo’s sons.’
They made their way to the sitting room. Gavin’s plan was to stay out of sight until the boys were alone and tie them up somewhere in the forest. Then they would be out of the way so they could take their place for a while to find out more about their lives. The boys sat around the corner and waited behind the door. 
It wasn’t long before Theo wanted to be alone with Veronica so the three boys were excused. As they made their way outside to wait for their father in the coach, they headed down the corridor towards the main entrance. Gavin thought that it was now or never so he and his brother jumped at them from behind. 
What Gavin hadn’t considered was that he was unable to tackle himself and instead of landing on top of his double, he ended up inside him. Suddenly Gawain and Gerhard Grimscott felt different. Gavin and Richard Macleod were now messing with their minds. 
‘Don’t jump out,’ said Gawain, hoping to get through to Richard.
‘What are you talking about?’ said Wilhelm feeling confused as he wasn’t sharing his mind with anyone else.
‘Oh, nothing, just talking to myself, you know thinking out loud,’ said Gawain with a strange look on his face.
Wilhelm wasn’t interested and kept walking to the coach to wait for their father. 
‘I wish he’d hurry up. I don’t know why he needs to marry her anyway,’ said Gawain as a voice in his head wanted information.
‘You know why,’ said Wilhelm thinking that his brother was acting strange. ‘He has to marry Veronica so our estates can be merged. We will be one of the wealthiest families, and Dad will get a chance to become part of the Founders. You know how much he wants to be involved with the blueprints.’
Gavin wondered what had happened to their mother. ‘Poor Mum.’ 
‘What is wrong with you, Gawain?’ said Wilhelm. ‘How can you say poor Mum, when it was you who poisoned her!’
Gerhard looked at him in disgust. There was silence as their father stepped into the coach to head back to their house. 
Vanessa watched them leave and knew that her double would be heading back to her bedroom so she decided to follow Veronica and waited with her until she was asleep. It hurt to watch her cry as Vanessa knew exactly how she was feeling. 
Instinctively, she went to console Veronica by touching her shoulder. Then she gathered she shouldn’t have but it was too late as she was sucked into her body. They were as one. Vanessa felt the control she had over her double’s mind so she told her to go to Jackson.
An uncontrollable urge took over Veronica as she made her way from the bedroom and out of the house. Jackson was working and didn’t acknowledge her when he realized she was close by. He knew he had to ignore her but once he smelt Veronica’s perfume, he turned to stare at her as he had done hundreds of times before. 
As she approached him, the rope in his hands dropped to the ground, letting the horse loose. He didn’t stop her as he felt her arms around his neck. His father dropped the horse’s hoof as he watched Veronica kiss his son. 
‘Oh no, no, no, no,’ his father said as he tried to break them apart. ‘You can’t be together. I’m sorry Miss Smythe but if your parents saw you with Jackson, they would have him changed.’
Vanessa made Veronica stop as that was the last thing she wanted. 
‘There has to be a way for us to be together,’ Veronica whispered to Jackson.
It was music to Jackson’s ears. ‘I’ll risk it.’
Veronica stopped him. ‘I’ll think of something,’ she said as she headed back to the house. 
But it was too late; her mother had already seen them together. Lillian Smythe couldn’t risk her daughter not marrying Theo as she too wanted to be included with the Founders. She ordered a maid to take tea to the blacksmith and his son. Watching through the window, she knew that the poison would begin to work as soon as they had taken their first sip. By the morning they would be dead in their beds and no one would be any the wiser.
Veronica was too busy with her thoughts and didn’t notice her mother as she made her way to her room. As she watched through the window, she tried to think; unaware that someone was helping her with her thoughts. Something had to be done before she could risk being seen with him again. The wedding was a couple of weeks away which didn’t give her much time but she was damned if it was going to take place. 
Veronica’s body grew weary from the plans which were being formed inside her head. She needed to sleep but Vanessa couldn’t. The urgency drained Veronica and eventually the body took over the brain and she slept. And when she woke hours later, Veronica felt as if she had been in a battle. 
Feeling the need to clear her mind, she did something she hadn’t done in a long time; she rode a horse. Galloping through the forest helped as she felt invigorated and by the time she was back at the house, she was feeling much better. It was time to confront her mother; she knew she had to speak with her to cancel the wedding. But as she walked the horse to the stable, she noticed the coach at the front entrance. 
She hoped it wasn’t Theo but disappointment hit her as soon as she heard his voice. Opening the door to confront him, she was faced with his sons. For some reason a shiver went down her spine as she looked at Gawain who glared at her. Vanessa wondered if he knew she was with Veronica as his anger was obvious. But Gawain was angry because he knew Veronica didn’t want to marry his father. More than anything Gawain wanted to be associated with the Founders and if it meant that he himself had to marry her, then he would.
Chapter nineteen

Power is energy and for it to work, it must be positive which Veronica realized when she became overwhelmed. Too many eyes were upon her but she refused to back down so Lillian nodded to Theo as he escorted his sons out of the room.
‘I don’t want to marry him,’ she told her mother once the doors were closed.
‘Then you can marry Gawain.’ 
Veronica shuddered at the thought. How could her mother suggest such a thing?
‘If you won’t marry a Grimscott, then I will!’ shouted Lillian.
Veronica looked at her in disgust as she was already married. 
‘Your father is ill so I will be free to marry soon.’ Lillian looked into the mirror behind her to check her hair.
Feeling upset, Veronica stormed out of the room. How could her mother be so callous? Veronica had been preoccupied with the wedding and felt selfish for neglecting her father. With encouragement from Vanessa, she entered a room at the end of the house. 
He was a pale version of James and the weak look on his face made Vanessa wonder if he was sick or if Lillian had done something to him. His spirits lifted when he noticed Veronica standing beside his bed. Desperately, she wanted to tell him about his wife but thought he might not cope. 
Holding his hand, she looked at him and wondered if anyone ever married for love. Had her mother ever loved him because if she had, how could she make such a statement? The only thing she knew for sure, was there was definitely not going to be a wedding as she was going to marry Jackson Turner. 
Lillian noticed the change in her daughter and decided to take matters into her own hands. A healer, who lived deep in the forest, supplied potions at the market in the town square. It was where she had purchased the poison to kill Jackson and his father. She knew she was going to be the one marrying Theo so it was time to visit the market again for another potion to end her husband’s life. As Lillian made her way to her horse, she was faced with Theo as he stood eagerly outside his coach. 
‘Is she going to go ahead with the wedding?’ he asked.
‘No, I don’t think so but I have another plan,’ she said. ‘There will be a wedding taking place.’
The Grimscott family got into the coach and left with Gawain muttering to himself about Veronica. ‘Bloody hopeless; she always has to ruin everything. Maybe I should marry her to teach her a lesson.’ Gawain continued to moan until they reached their destination. 
Lillian was on her horse and at the market in no time. Sarah Cupsip’s stand was always surrounded by people. Mainly for love potions that didn’t work as Lillian had already tried one on her daughter. Waiting for the stand to clear, she made her way over to discuss the poison.
‘Yes, I have that one,’ said Sarah. ‘It isn’t as strong as the last one I gave you. It will take a few days to work.’
There were still two weeks before the wedding so a few days weren’t going to make any difference. She took the bottle and asked if there was a potion that erased memories as she didn’t want Veronica to remember Jackson. The potions were in her pocket as she made her way home to make her husband a cup of tea.
Veronica had not left her father’s side but was surprised to see her mother walking into the room with a drink for her father. 
‘I told you he wasn’t well,’ Lillian told her daughter. 
Veronica thought it was a good time to speak to them as they were both together. ‘I am going to marry Jackson.’ 
Lillian shuddered as she helped him sit up to drink his tea. ‘Alright, I give up.’
Her daughter was poised for an argument but seeing her mother in a different light gave her hope. If there was a kinder side to Lillian, then there was also hope that her father’s health would improve. Her mother left as she requested for her daughter to join her with a cup of tea. 
‘That would be nice,’ said Veronica having no idea that Jackson would be a forgotten part of her memory very shortly.
As Veronica was allowed to marry Jackson, Vanessa saw no problem with staying in the room when Veronica left to drink tea with her mother. She missed her own father and hated to leave Mr Smythe alone. Even if he couldn’t see her, she knew she would be able to comfort him in his sleep.
But spending time with Veronica’s father had drained Vanessa’s energy and when she heard neighing, she wondered how long she had been asleep. Mr Smythe seemed peaceful so she went to investigate the movement outside. If it was Veronica, then Vanessa knew she would be riding a horse to visit Jackson. 
Making sure she was invisible, she ran through the house and caught Veronica as she was about to grab the horse’s reins to mount. Once they were connected, Vanessa was able to read her double’s mind. Veronica had woken up with an incredible urge to go horse riding. 
The memory of her past love had disappeared and riding was her only memory which gave her joy. Vanessa had no idea what was going on and when Veronica decided to take the wrong track, she had to intervene. All of her energy was needed to turn her host around as it was important for Veronica to go to Jackson, but her determination was too strong. 
Veronica was committed to stay on the track that led to a cliff. Vanessa explored her host’s mind but couldn’t find an explanation and when she heard waves in the distance, she wondered if there had been any changes in her own realm, now that Veronica would not be marrying Theo Grimscott. 
She wanted to find out but couldn’t leave Veronica’s body as the crashing sound was hypnotizing Veronica and, for a second, Vanessa thought she was going to jump. Memories of her father began to appear of when he had fallen from the cliff’s edge and Vanessa began to worry about her double. 
She forced Veronica back on the horse while a nagging feeling continued to overwhelm Vanessa. But before she could leave, she had to make sure that Veronica was headed in the right direction. Jumping out of her host’s body, she waited to see which way she would go and smiled when she was sure Veronica was on her way to see Jackson. 
Feeling confident, Vanessa headed back to the tree and made her way through the portal. Back at home, she walked up the path where she found William making adjustments to his bike. She kicked his helmet to the ground. 
‘Vanessa,’ he groaned. 
She materialized in front of him. ‘Where are the other two?’  
‘They haven’t come back yet. The last time I saw them they were riding with strange clothes on.’ 
Vanessa’s heart sank. She had wondered if they were merged with their doubles. ‘How’s Mum and Mason?’ she asked hoping for a change. 
‘You know, just the same,’ he said. 
These were words she didn’t want to hear as it meant that Gavin was interfering. She had to get back to the dark realm and put a stop to him.
Quickly, she made herself invisible and headed back to the tree. Looking at the dirt below her feet as she stood by the tree, she wondered if she would ever see Jack again. Then she was back, in the other realm, where the forest seemed darker each time she entered. She knew she had to keep going, to keep an eye on Veronica, although she was intrigued as to why the realm was so dark. Knowing that Gavin was there meddling made her feel uneasy as he was the reason for the darkness. 
At the Smythe house, she found Veronica at her father’s side. It appeared he didn’t have long to live so Vanessa went in search of Gavin only to learn that the Grimscott family had already left. Lillian wasn’t doing anything interesting so she decided to hang around the house and wait. As she wandered, she ended up in her double’s room where she fell asleep on her bed. 
Luckily, she had managed to stay invisible as she was woken by Veronica when she entered to get changed. Vanessa wondered what her double had been up to but Veronica was going for another horse ride. Vanessa smiled knowing she had opened her eyes to having fun so she let Veronica go while she went to check on the family. 
She hoped to see Mr Smythe but his wife was standing over him, smiling as the poison had finally worked. Vanessa knew that Lillian would marry Theo and Gawain would not be learning a lesson about greed as his goal had been achieved. 
Her only chance of happiness was to get her double to marry Jackson. Somehow, she had to get them together but, in order to do that, she was going to have to find him. Guessing that the blacksmith would be living close to town somewhere, she waited for a maid to buy food. Hopping into the carriage with her, they headed for the market. The blacksmith’s sign was up ahead so Vanessa jumped off and headed over to find another sign hanging on the door.
The business was closed and she wondered what had happened. Knowing that no one would see her, she crept around the back to peer through the window. A woman dressed in black was sitting inside surrounded by other women. While she listened to them speak, she wondered why Jackson wasn’t there. Then she heard a woman comment on how unfortunate it was that her husband had died along with her son. Vanessa knew it was too much of a coincidence for Jackson and his father to die straight after Veronica had kissed him. 
Gavin would have the answers as she knew he would be involved in some way so Vanessa walked back to the market and found the maid. Passing by the stalls, she noticed a woman selling potions. She wondered if anyone used them and if they did, what were they capable of doing? Intrigued, she took a closer look and hoped the seller wouldn’t be able to see her. Most of the potions were to do with love but there was no time to investigate. The maid was getting the food put onto the carriage so she made her way over to get a lift. 
Back at the house, she was glad to see the familiar coach belonging to the Grimscott family. Finally, she would be able to see Gavin as she believed he was using Gawain. Voices were coming from the sitting room so quietly, she made her way inside to listen to Lillian who was discussing the funeral. A ball was coming up at the Midgard and Lillian desperately wanted to be part of it. Someone was coming over to acknowledge the death, which meant arrangements could be made for a marriage. 
If Theo and Lillian were united before the ball, then they would most certainly gain a right of entry. Everyone agreed except for one who had a concern. 
‘What about Veronica?’ asked Mr Grimscott, who seemed disappointed that he was going to be marrying the mother and not the daughter. 
Lillian laughed. ‘Don’t worry about her. I gave her a potion that has erased her mind of that Jackson.’ 
Vanessa had to contain herself as she couldn’t believe the family she was involved with. Gawain seemed pleased but it wasn’t going to be for long as Vanessa could feel her blood boiling. 
Furious, she thought about the murderous woman and how the family supported her. Uncontrollably, she started to think of what evil things she would like to do to all of them. Mostly, she wanted to make Gavin suffer as she knew he was the cause to all the problems. He had a way of bringing out the worst in people. Now Veronica was going to have to put up with him. He would be influencing Gawain so Vanessa had to stay with her and protect her, if it was the last thing she did. 
As the boys made their way out of the room, Lillian created conversation by asking them what they had been doing. Theo mentioned that the boys were spending a lot of time in the forest and Vanessa knew what that meant; the boys were definitely sharing their bodies. She wanted to follow them when they left the room but Theo had more to say, ‘They used to stay at home but now they are fascinated with the woodlands.’ 
Lillian was horrified. ‘You must stop them from going there. You must know the black forest belongs to the dragon and it’s forbidden for us to enter.’ 
Although he knew about the dragon, Theo wasn’t bothered with what his sons were doing. To be polite, he said he would speak to them but it wouldn’t make any difference as Vanessa knew Gavin was in control. 
Creeping through the doorway, she went in search of the boys and when she saw Gawain, she walked up behind him and pushed him in the back. He flew forward knocking Wilhelm. 
‘What are you doing?’ screamed Wilhelm as he scrambled back to his feet.
Gawain looked around to see who had pushed him. ‘Sorry, I must have tripped.’
The boys were walking towards the kitchen to get something to eat so Vanessa waited and pulled the chair out from under Gawain. Sitting on the floor, Gavin thought that things were too familiar. His host cautiously walked whilst surrounded by his brothers but it made no difference as Vanessa’s rage continued as she attacked Wilhelm and Gerhard as well. Time was passing with the boys being too terrified to move but Vanessa managed to huddle them into a corner. 
An idea came to Gawain as Veronica walked in. Gavin had full control and yelled loudly, for Vanessa to appear. Veronica looked at him, thinking he had gone mad as there wasn’t another girl there. Wilhelm was wondering what was going on as well. Then Gawain began yelling again for Vanessa to show herself. ‘If you don’t, then your double will cop it!’
Vanessa became worried so she made herself visible. 
‘I knew it,’ said Gawain.
Wilhelm felt as though he was going cross eyed; he was looking at two identical girls. Veronica fell to the floor so Gawain and Gerhard grabbed her and took her to her bedroom while Vanessa consoled Wilhelm. It was difficult for him to take it all in as he sat blubbering about ghosts. Vanessa wasn’t sure if she was helping him or not as she handed him a glass of water. 
Another idea came to Gawain as he looked at Veronica passed out on the bed. ‘Vanessa is the cause to all our problems. What if her double wasn’t here?’
Gerhard looked confused as Richard tried to gain full control of him. ‘But she is here.’
‘I know that,’ said Gawain. ‘But what if she wasn’t? Think about it. If she wasn’t here, then Vanessa wouldn’t exist in our world. That would mean she would never have been born and Lucinda would have all the money. We have to get rid of her.’
‘But how do we do it with Vanessa hanging around?’ said Gerhard.
Gawain was thinking. ‘I’ll tell her that I miss motorbike riding and that I’m going back home for the day. That way, she’ll follow me. While I’m away, you tell the other two what’s going on and take Veronica to the dragon. We’ve seen the beast in action; it will do the rest.’ 
It seemed a good plan but Richard didn’t want to be involved in another murder and coaxed his host to reject the idea. There had to be another way but Gawain glared into his eyes and he knew he had no choice. 
Gawain walked out to see Wilhelm looking very confused so as Gerhard spoke to Wilhelm, Gawain pulled Vanessa aside. ‘Come for a walk with me.’
As Gerhard called Gawain to turn to face him, Gavin left his host’s body to face Vanessa. Curiosity was the only reason she agreed to listen. 
‘I’m going home for the day. I miss my bike. I want you to come with me so you’ll know I’m not up to anything. I need to think. I’m getting sick of all this.’
Against her better judgement, she agreed to go along with him as she wanted to check on her mother. He was being nice which made her think he was up to something and as he wasn’t to be trusted, she presumed it better to keep an eye on him. Maybe he had given up as he knew she could torment him when she was invisible. But she doubted it so Vanessa played along as they walked through the portal together not thinking about Richard being left behind.
Chapter twenty

Is it possible to depend on someone else? Richard had been given a task but it was one he didn’t want to do. His brother’s obsession with money had grown to one of wanting power. Somehow Richard had become involved. He had never seen the necessity with Gavin’s ambition as Richard was happy to live a life of normality. 
Now he was stuck in another realm inside another body. Instructions had been left and Richard had reluctantly forced Gerhard to follow them. Wilhelm had also interjected but Gawain wasn’t interested in the objections as Gavin had influenced him so Veronica woke to find herself tied to a tree stump. 
Gawain’s hatred towards Veronica was obvious despite him not knowing why. His brothers had questioned him but the Grimscott boys had never considered getting rid of their future stepsister. Something was having an effect on them. As they watched from behind the trees, listening to her screams, they were taken aback themselves at the size of the oncoming dragon. They were used to watching it from a greater distance and wondered if they should move. 
Their fears were short lived and Gawain smiled in delight. It was the moment he had been waiting for; the moment that Veronica would perish in front of him. They held their breath as the dragon observed the girl tied to the tree and let out a monstrous flame which engulfed the leaves and branches. 
The boys opened their eyes, once the heat subsided, expecting to see ashes but to their astonishment Veronica was still standing, clinging onto the tree. 
‘How is that possible?’ said Gawain in bewilderment. ‘How can she still be standing there?’
The boys stood dumbfounded as they tried to think of what had happened before they closed their eyes. Gerhard remembered something odd but had been too emotional at the time to pay any attention. ‘When the dragon threw its flame, I felt a chill in the air.’
Gawain and Wilhelm were trying to think back.
‘Before I blocked my eyes from the heat, I did feel cold. It was like a mist running through me,’ said Wilhelm who began to shiver. 
Gerhard considered energy and wondered if magic was responsible so they turned to see what the dragon would do next.
The tongue of the dragon was similar to a snake as it slithered around secretly looking for clues as to what had gone wrong. It watched as Veronica froze.
Feeling every step as the creature made its way forward, she knew she had been saved but didn’t know if she would be rescued again. Miraculously, an energy had placed itself over her as the fire had drawn nearer. She didn’t know what it was but it had felt cold. While she tried to think of what it might have been, she wondered if it would come back to help her again. And as her fear grew, her question was answered. 
The energy was now in the shape of a young man who untied her ropes. The dragon was unable to see the spirit, and Veronica began to panic when the tongue slithered up her dress and along her spine. What was only seconds, was actually an eternity to her. The pain she felt as the tip of the tongue bore into her skin was unbearable. 
The spirit transformed into energy again and was inside her. She could feel the stranger’s strength run through her as she pulled the tree by the roots and jabbed the end of the trunk into the dragon’s mouth. 
As the dragon roared in pain, it shrank and became a snake that slid into the surrounding forest. The boys looked in disbelief as they watched the snake disappear. They couldn’t see the spirit and had no idea where Veronica’s strength came from. 
‘I don’t believe what I’m seeing,’ said Wilhelm as he thought about leaving.
Gawain grabbed him as he took a step. ‘Don’t move. She doesn’t know it was us that tied her up so keep still until she leaves.’
‘Don’t you think she’ll figure it out,’ grumbled Gerhard as he couldn’t believe how gullible he was. ‘I think we should go into hiding.’
‘No!’ demanded Gawain. ‘Don’t move, don’t even look at her. She’ll leave.’
Feeling worried, they pushed themselves deep into the branches to make sure they were well hidden from her view.
Veronica felt the energy leave her as she crumpled to the ground. The tree trunk she had used, turned into a stick which measured the length of her arm. It lay beside her and she struggled to touch it as she was still shaking from the ordeal. Her will to continue on was diminishing but she became fascinated when the stick moved. 
As she studied it, she began to feel strong so she picked it up and the pain she experienced in her back, vanished. Tears ran down her face as she held onto the piece of wood. Information was being given and she knew going home was impossible, especially after the Grimscott boys had tried to murder her. 
Wishing she could fly away had only been a thought but it became a reality. The stick pulled her into the air and as she was terrified of heights, she grabbed the closest branch and pulled herself along to cling to the trunk. 
Not wanting to stay in the tree for too long, she began to think of a way down. The stick was still in her hand as she wondered if it had anything to do with what had taken place. The breeze was picking up and she desperately wanted to get down and as she thought of ways of achieving her descent, the stick pulled at her again, taking her safely to the ground. As it gently lowered her down, she understood the stick was magic. All that needed to be done was to think about what she wanted and it would happen. Her first thought was revenge and to get satisfaction she would need to find them. 
The boys shook in their shoes as they saw her coming towards them. After what they had witnessed, they knew they were going to meet their end. As Veronica walked closer to them, meeting their terrified faces, she asked who would like to die first. 
Gerhard and Wilhelm looked at Gawain as they pointed. 
‘Yes! You were always the leader,’ she said staring into his eyes. 
Gawain was trying to think of a plan to escape. He didn’t know if she would still have powers if he managed to remove the stick from her. Taking a chance, he dived for it. The other two instinctively jumped onto Veronica and held her down on the ground while Gawain ran off in fear. Wilhelm and Gerhard looked at each other and decided to follow as they didn’t know what repercussions would be coming their way if they stayed. 
Pain returned to Veronica’s back as she lay on the ground. Without the stick it was difficult to move. Looking up to the sky, she wished she had died as she knew she was as good as dead. The pain increased; killing herself was the only option. The forest led to a cliff top so she decided that jumping off would be the way to end her life. 
Pulling herself to her feet, she hoped to be rescued again but the energy wasn’t there. She wondered if she should wait as he could reappear. He had saved her once so why not again! Excuses were stopping her from the inevitable and as she couldn’t see a light at the end of the tunnel, she slowly walked the path knowing that her stepbrothers had won. 
The boys felt exhilarated as they ran but exhaustion soon hit. They weren’t sure if they were far enough away from Veronica but they needed to know how to master the stick before confronting her. The three of them sat on the ground, hiding behind the trees. They needed to study the piece of wood and as they chatted about different theories, they realized they were in the forest where a witch was supposed to be living. 
It was a story told to children to keep them out of the woods but they knew from fiction was fact. They couldn’t dismiss the need for help as they had seen Veronica fly with the stick. They knew it contained magic and wondered why it wouldn’t do anything for them. 
Frustration grew to the point where they considered finding the witch. If she really did exist, then she would be able to help them. Nothing adverse had ever happened in the woods so they knew whoever was behind the story could not be bad. So with a decision made, they went in search for the witch. 
‘I wonder why we’re not supposed to be here,’ said Wilhelm who decided to create a conversation to break up the stillness.
‘Maybe because of the dragon,’ Gerhard interjected. 
Wilhelm began to worry. ‘The dragon is gone.’
‘Stop worrying,’ said Gawain annoyed with the stick. 
It grew colder as they walked and their senses heightened. Their instincts told them to keep away but Gawain ignored the warning and dragged his brothers towards the mud brick house. It was a plain dwelling with herbs growing in the garden and as they inhaled the aromas, they felt a presence behind them. Fear found them stiff, making it impossible for them to turn around to see what was growling. 
As Gawain had the stick, it was decided that he should be the one to look so he moved quickly and was surprised to find a dog wagging its tail. The growling stopped as the other two boys bravely turned to witness the dog change into a woman. 
It was an event which should have terrified them but she was familiar. They had seen her at the market selling potions. She was obviously the witch from where the stories came but she wasn’t scary. The attractive middle-aged woman tugged on her woollen scarf as she invited them into the house and once inside, they watched as she removed her hat. Her long blonde hair fell down her back and Gawain was instantly taken by her beauty. 
He stared as if in a trance and nearly dropped the stick when she introduced herself as Sarah Cupsip. Her voice was hypnotic and it took all of Gerhard’s strength to ignore her. He took a wooden chair and sat on a large cushion as he described the events they had seen which intrigued Sarah. 
Her attention was diverted from the boys and they immediately felt a release from her trance.
‘The stick you have is actually a dragon’s wand,’ she said softly while keeping her eye on Gawain’s hand. ‘You say the dragon has now been reduced to a snake so therefore, it has lost all its powers. They are magical creatures so the magic must have entered the stick, making it a wand.’
Gawain explained that they hadn’t been able to use it but they had seen Veronica fly with it.
Sarah’s fascination grew. ‘Veronica! Is she the girl who rides her horse through the woods in the morning?’
Nodding, the boys were surprised that she knew her and began to wonder which side she was on.
‘You will find she has a spirit that protects her. It was probably the young man who helped her with the magic. Was there anything else that happened?’
Gerhard told of the dragon stabbing its tongue into Veronica’s back.
‘The magic from the dragon has entered her so the stick is just a stick.’
The boys looked hopelessly at each other. They had no magic but worst of all, Veronica did. Their concerns grew but were short lived as Gawain let go of the stick in despair. As it fell to the floor, Sarah grabbed it and laughed.
‘You stupid boys!’ she said as she muttered incantations under her breath.
These were the last words they heard in their human form as she had turned them into snakes. 
The front door opened and they slithered away. Now that they were snakes, they only had one thing in mind; to kill Veronica. Sliding along paths through the forest, they ended up in the place where it had all begun. Although she wasn’t there, her footprints were. It was only a matter of time before they caught up with her as they were quicker now. They continued to slide along the ground and soon she appeared in the distance. Wondering why she was heading for the cliff and not for home, they sped up to catch her. 
Sounds of the waves crashing on the rocks, drew nearer as Veronica made her way to her final destination. She wondered what would happen to her soul but as she moved closer, she sensed something was coming up behind her. Snakes were in pursuit and she had to look twice as she thought it was the dragon. 
Not knowing why there were three coming after her, she had to use every bit of breath to outrun them. With the new threat looming over her, she knew there was no time for hesitation; she had to jump. Fangs grew as mouths opened so she stepped from the edge of the earth. 
With their mission accomplished, the snakes withdrew as the waves drowned out any sound of a splash. Veronica expected to feel the sharp rocks which lay beneath the ocean but instead, she felt safe. Happiness overwhelmed her as she opened her eyes to see the face of the young man who had rescued her hours before. 
As she stared at him, she felt his body but was surprised to feel flesh. He had appeared as a spirit during their encounter but after what she had experienced, there was no need for an explanation. She hung on to him and forgot about her fall.
Chapter twenty-one

With each story told, there is a truth which will be revealed. Veronica had no idea who her saviour was. The memory of Jackson had been erased by a potion so he explained about their time together but she had no knowledge of their encounters. To her, he was a stranger despite the familiarity. He provided comfort with his recollections and as she wondered if she was alive or dead, she focused and understood why her body felt weightlessness. 
Veronica had considered flying but it was not Jackson who was taking her to safety but a horse with enormous wings. Mythology came to mind but she soon became distracted when a large moon appeared. The glow lit the sky and she remembered hearing a story of those who travelled through the tunnel to reach the light. Feeling terrified and exhilarated all at once, she clung to Jackson as the suction pulled them towards a place which shimmered.
As they dismounted, she felt taken aback by the glow of gold. Thoughts went through her mind of what the future held. Considering a form of judgement, she bravely took a deep breath but Jackson took her hand. ‘I have to tell you why you are here.’
She stared into his piercing blue eyes and listened. 
‘I told you that your mother gave you a potion to erase your memory of me. The lady you are about to meet will give you that memory back. What I need to tell you is that the three snakes, who were after you, were in fact your stepbrothers. For now, they think you have died but they will find out that I have saved you. They need you so they can permanently take back their human form. We have to do something to keep them away from you. That’s why I’ve brought you here, so Aerona can help.’
Veronica understood and he kissed her hand as she went inside.
Jackson waited with anticipation, hoping she comprehended what he had told her. Trying to distract himself, he couldn’t come up with anything and anxiety built up within him as he waited outside. He could have gone with Veronica but he didn’t want to hear what Aerona had to say as he might not agree. The horse approached him as his wings disappeared and when the animal transformed into Jackson’s father, they walked over to the stream to wait for the outcome.
Inside the stone building, Aerona waited for Veronica. As she held out her arms to welcome her, Veronica couldn’t resist the urge to hug her. Being in Aerona’s embrace brought back memories of her father and of Jackson. Gasping for air, she pulled away. ‘Jackson is outside. I must go to him,’ said Veronica frantically looking for the exit.
Then stopping in her tracks, a terrible thought entered her head. ‘Tell me I didn’t marry that Theo Grimscott?’
Aerona laughed. ‘No, you didn’t.’
Feeling relieved, Veronica calmed down. ‘So what happens now? Do I live here with Jackson?’
Aerona shook her head. ‘Gavin won’t stop until he is living the life he wants.’
‘You mean Gawain,’ declared Veronica.
‘Him as well.’ Aerona took her hand as she explained about Gavin who lived in the human realm and how he had stumbled across the second realm and interfered with Gawain’s mind. ‘So you see there are two in your life now. Gavin wants you gone because he believes you are the cause to his problems and Gawain wants to rid his snakeskin.’
‘What do I do?’ asked Veronica.
‘Your soul will have to be split. This is the only way to outlive Gavin. It will be too difficult for him to track you down if you’re separated into different bodies.’ 
‘I want to be with Jackson,’ pleaded Veronica.
‘He’ll be around,’ said Aerona. ‘You will come across him, when you’re part of Juliette and Jacqueline and if the premonition is true then you will be passed into Chivonne.’
‘But how can I be with him if I’m sharing a body?’ she said feeling the tears well up in her eyes.
‘You will be together when this is all over.’
Veronica looked disappointed. Why had this happened to her? How had she ended up being involved in Gavin’s life? Her legs wouldn’t move as she was weak with despair. All her past memories flooded back and she wanted to scream. Feeling helpless, she went to speak but was quickly interrupted, ‘You have some time that you can spend with him now, so go and enjoy it.’
Jackson was at the door waiting for her when she burst through. His worst fears were confirmed as he knew Aerona was going to tell him that they couldn’t be together. 
Aerona saw the disappointment on his face as she waved him in. ‘Excuse us please, Veronica. I only need to speak to him for a minute, I promise.’ 
Jackson followed her inside. ‘How long do I have with her.’
She put her hand on his shoulder to try to console him. ‘You have until tonight. When she falls asleep, I will take her soul. To protect her, I need to split it and place it into girls who live in the third realm. I’m sorry Jackson but you can keep an eye on her. As you are deceased, I can bind you to the boys who will cross her paths and you can watch over the ones who will hold Veronica’s soul. It’s not forever; only until I can sort out the mess. The connection of the realms must be balanced otherwise there will be consequences. I’ve already noticed an imbalance with time.’
Jackson nodded as he tried to put on a brave face. Trying to keep his emotions intact was hard as he walked back outside to see her. He held onto her for a long time, inhaling her fragrance of flowers as he couldn’t let her go. Thoughts raced through his head as he even considered trying to keep her awake for an eternity. Releasing himself from her hold, he knew he had to enjoy the time with her as it was going to be a long time before he would be with her again.
They walked hand in hand as they spoke about what they had been through. Jackson explained that he had been the one to help her when the dragon had attacked. ‘I’m sorry I wasn’t quick enough to stop it from striking you but the reaction was unexpected. The behaviour isn’t normal. They are peaceful creatures.’
‘What does it do to you when a dragon’s tongue pierces your flesh?’ she asked as she had heard many stories.
‘It curses you. The mark on your back will turn into a snake with every human body you enter. And there is also a chance it will pass on through your family tree. This will help Gavin track you down. Aerona thinks by splitting your DNA, it will be a weaker signal.’
‘Oh,’ she said, ‘those poor girls who will have to put up with me. I’m going to ruin their lives.’
‘Don’t think about that now,’ he said trying to be cheerful. ‘What would you like to do?’
Veronica knew what she wanted to do but it was considered undignified where she came from so she turned to the unicorns who were watching them. ‘Are we allowed to ride them?’
Jackson called two over and they obliged as they waited for Veronica and Jackson to mount them. 
‘It’s amazing,’ said Veronica as she rubbed the neck of the animal. ‘They feel so real.’
‘That’s because they are,’ said Jackson as he rode next to her. ‘They have a soul. Where we were, the animals weren’t real. Only human souls can go to the second realm.’ 
‘I thought our horses were real,’ said Veronica still touching the smooth fur. ‘Your father was a blacksmith.’
‘He was a blacksmith in the third realm so when he was sent to Netsil, he wanted to continue on as before. He still had to put shoes on their hooves because the metal wore out, the same as a real hoof.’ Jackson wondered if he should be explaining the realms to her as humans weren’t meant to know.
‘So there is a first realm then,’ queried Veronica. 
‘There is and yes there are real horses.’ He laughed as he knew he couldn’t reject her questions. ‘A human soul is attached with an animal soul. When you are in the third realm, you and your animal are there to connect. If you don’t then you go to the second realm to try again. But the animal’s soul goes to other realms to wait for you.’
Veronica interrupted, ‘There are other realms!’
‘There are other galaxies,’ he said and wished he hadn’t.
‘What’s a galaxy and why were we in the second realm?’ She wanted answers but Jackson wanted to ride and took off at a gallop.
Riding helped to alleviate their concerns but it came to an end when the animals headed for the stream for a drink.  
‘That’s something I thought I’d never do,’ she said as she joined the unicorn to sip from the water. ‘I never thought I’d touch a real animal. Why are there mechanical substitutes?’
‘Animals have an enlightened soul so they can’t go to Netsil. Human souls go there to change. They are given a chance to see the light. Some people consider Netsil to be hell because of the darkness and the fire from the dragon,’ he scoffed.
‘So the dragon isn’t real!’ 
‘Yes, the dragon’s real but it lives in the cave and only remains there to separate the colonies which is temporary.’ Jackson looked into the stream and knew he couldn’t tell her about the people who came from the water.  
The unicorn threw its head up and the horn vibrated, creating sound. 
Veronica thought of the shape-changers. ‘What about the ones who change into snakes?’
‘That’s the only way those souls can survive while they wait their turn to shed their skin and make a new start,’ he said with concern.
Movement in the water created a distortion but when it settled, she noticed Jackson’s reflection. His worried blue eyes stared at her so she moved her gaze elsewhere. She knew they would start again and hoped it wasn’t in Netsil. Trying to dispense with her feelings, she marvelled at the sight in front of her. Trees stood along the stream, dropping leaves of gold onto the earth beneath their feet. Beyond the forest were hills with homes made from bricks of stone and gold dust. Everything shimmered in the sunlight. 
She watched the unicorns drinking as a bright glow formed around their bodies and as she thought of how beautiful the animals were, she returned her gaze back to the water. Eyes still locked with hers as she watched Jackson’s reflection. For a moment, she was mesmerized by the sparkles which emanated from him. Knowing it was better to contain herself, she tried to look elsewhere but the memory of him kissing her, replayed in her mind. 
Jackson was remembering the moment they had kissed. As he watched her reflection, he desperately wanted to kiss her again but wasn’t sure if he should. It took all of his will to stop himself. Taking her hand, he pulled her over to hold her as pain ran through him. His emotions were mixed and he tried to decipher them. Where they lived before, it was considered wrong for them to be together. Now they were somewhere else, what did it matter? Closing his eyes didn’t help as he heard his father telling him that he was not allowed to be with her. 
Frustrated, he stopped and turned away from her and anger took over his body as he walked away. 
‘Are you hungry?’ he asked, trying to distract himself.
‘A little,’ she answered wondering why he had pulled away from her. ‘What about the unicorns?’
Jackson didn’t turn around. ‘They’re fine. They’re free to do as they please. Let’s go for a walk.’
He didn’t touch her as they walked towards Aerona’s home. He was worried that he wouldn’t be able to control himself and was glad of the distraction when a pushy woman appeared to take their order. ‘Would you like something to eat?’ 
Sitting on the bench at the table, Veronica hoped he would sit next to her. Moving over to make room for him, she longed for him to put his arm around her but he sat opposite her instead. Nervously, she tried to grab his hands but the woman returned with strawberry jam sandwiches and a strawberry spider. 
Jackson watched her eat; becoming more and more agitated with every movement. His spine quivered so he tried to think of something else. Thoughts were back in his head while she ate in silence. When would he see her again? It was coming to the end of the day and she would soon be asleep! 
There wasn’t much time for them to be together so he had to make the most of it. Not being able to stand it any longer, he took her hands as she finished eating. Looking into her eyes, he knew now was the time to kiss her but the woman had returned to collect the dishes. 
‘Where am I sleeping?’ Veronica asked trying to break the silence.
He took her hand and led her up the staircase to a long corridor. They passed several doors before Jackson came to a halt. Breathing deeply, he informed her that it was her room and as they walked through the doorway, she pulled him inside. She remembered kissing him and how good it had felt. Now she was not going to waste any more time thinking about it. The door shut behind him as she put her lips on his and Jackson didn’t care. At that moment, he wanted to keep kissing her for all eternity. But eventually she fell asleep and he opened the door to let Aerona in.
Chapter twenty-two

Can you live a lie? Vanessa received an unexpected vision as she watched her stepbrother. It was disturbing to see Veronica disappear and more upsetting to know that she wouldn’t see Jack again. She blamed Gavin who rode his motorbike without a care. He knew Richard would dispose of Veronica and wondered how it would work once she was gone. Would Vanessa disappear as if she never existed? Would he even remember her? He didn’t care, he just wanted her gone. 
William was already on his motorbike when Gavin approached him. He wondered where Richard was and if Vanessa was around. As his brother came to a stop, a bad feeling sat in William’s stomach. He listened to Gavin and wasn’t happy about Richard being left in the other realm on his own.
‘Everything is under control,’ said Gavin who was unconcerned. 
‘This could all go badly,’ William told him. ‘I really do have a bad feeling about this.’
‘You worry too much,’ said Gavin, as he adjusted his boot straps.
‘Where is Vanessa now?’ 
‘She’s here,’ said Gavin. ‘I think she went to check on Lucinda.’
‘I hope she remembered to make herself invisible,’ remarked William, imagining the look on his father’s face if she appeared before him.
Vanessa walked into the house and saw her mother watching television. She felt disappointed as nothing had changed. The house was still a mess and the washing was overflowing in the basket. However, there was something a little different, Mason had changed his spot. He was reading a newspaper which seemed odd. As he flicked through the paper, Vanessa noticed the heading on the front page. There was something written about disappearances. She needed to see so she crept up to the table and slowly pulled the bottom page out from under the newspaper. 
Mason couldn’t understand why the page was moving and tried to grab it. As it kept moving, he looked to see if there was any wind coming through the window as it would provide an explanation. His brain hurt as he tried to think why the other pages weren’t moving. Vanessa made the whole paper move and as he tried to grab the mysteriously moving pages, she pulled the bottom page and threw it to the floor. Happy that he still had the pages he wanted to read, he left the bottom page where it was and quietly, Vanessa read. 
The local police were baffled with the disappearances of Jack Turner, Vanessa Smythe and Gavin and Richard Macleod. Everyone was now in a frenzy thinking there was someone abducting motorbike riders. Mason had obviously reported his sons missing and now the rumours were flying. The only problem was, if anyone saw Gavin out there on his bike, there would be questions which would need answers. And how would he explain where Richard was? She could see that going through the different realms had caused a lot of problems. And it would only get worse. Obviously, Gavin had not seen his father yet, but it was only a matter of time before Mason realized that there was more than one bike being ridden.
She had to find her stepbrother so she headed into the forest. Trying to figure out a plan was hard as there were too many ideas going through her head. Firstly, she knew that Gavin was now being nice so did it mean he had learned his lesson. If that was the case, then she could go back to Jack. Also, she had to get Richard back and close the portal. Gavin and Richard could tell the police that they had run away but were now back; that would calm everyone down. 
If she wasn’t allowed to stay with Jack then she would also go to the police and say she had run away but now she was also back. If Gavin had learned anything then she would be glad to share the inheritance with his family. She was sick of the mess and wanted it to end as being involved, with what she thought were stories, was definitely getting out of hand.
The roar of motorbikes moved in the distance and she knew it was impossible to catch up with him. Tired of walking, she thought about getting her bike but then how would anyone accept a motorbike moving without a rider. It was too risky to make herself visible as someone might spot her. The tree which held the portal was behind her so she decided to wait there for him to pass and eventually she caught sight of him. 
Forgetting that she was invisible, she stood up to get his attention. The bike wasn’t slowing down and her heart quickened with the thought of him running into her. She grew angry with his plan to run her over. Furious with him, she looked at where her hand should have been as she held it out to him. He was almost upon her when she made herself appear. 
William was the first to notice her as he approached the tree. Gavin wondered why he was slowing down and hit the brakes when he saw her in front of him. Short of breath, he stopped to take his helmet off while he wondered if she had been back to the other realm without him. 
‘What do you want now?’ he complained.
Ignoring his question, she told him about the newspaper article and that they had to stop using the portal. 
Staring at her, Gavin wondered why she was still there as the dragon should have killed Veronica by now. He grew angry as his plans never seemed to work. Something was wrong so he agreed with Vanessa; stating that they should go through together to retrieve Richard.
Gavin stood next to the tree and Vanessa wondered if she could live a lie. Would her stepbrothers be able to continue on without mentioning the portal? Once Richard was with them then she would need to close the portal to stop temptation so she walked behind Gavin and they were greeted by three snakes. 
Vanessa screamed as Gavin jumped in front of them. They hissed and Vanessa considered her stepbrother might have changed as he would never have jumped to her aid before. She smiled as Gavin thought it must have been instinct that made him jump in front of the snakes as there was no way he would protect her. Looking around for the snakes as he believed he had stomped on one with his motorbike boots, he knew he had missed them. Cautiously, he kept looking but they were nowhere to be seen. 
Different thoughts ran through their minds as snakes were unexpected but they had to keep moving.
‘Hold my hand and I’ll make us both invisible,’ Vanessa whispered.
Gavin hated the thought of her touching him but he knew it was easier not to be seen. So they stayed connected as they made their way towards the house to see Lillian with Theo. 
They walked in to the sound of champagne corks popping and it appeared as if a celebration was due to commence but their offspring were not amongst the crowd. 
‘The children are all missing,’ stated a maid as she entered the room.
The invisible couple expected a reaction but there wasn’t one, which bothered Gavin as he knew the boys should have been back by now. 
Vanessa, being unaware of her double’s fate, wondered where they were. After the announcement, the maid left so Vanessa decided to follow her and as Gavin needed to remain invisible, he went with her.
The maid went back to the servants’ quarters and began chatting with the others. ‘Can you believe it? She doesn’t care that they’re gone. I bet you they’ve gone to the forest where the dragon lives. Those boys are always sneaking off down there.’ 
Another maid commented on how they could have even ended up at the witch’s house. She didn’t like their chances of coming home if that was the case. ‘You have to watch that Sarah Cupsip,’ she said. ‘She’s a cunning woman that one.’
The others agreed.
Vanessa didn’t know what to do. ‘Where’s the dragon?’ she whispered to Gavin, knowing he would know where to go.
‘In the black forest,’ he whispered. ‘I’ll take you there.’
They walked along the trees towards the cave as Gavin wondered where Veronica’s body was. 
‘Where is it?’ Vanessa asked feeling doubtful of what he might be up to.
‘Wait,’ said Gavin impatiently still holding her hand. ‘It will come out.’
It didn’t. They waited but there was no movement. Feeling awkward, being so close together, they let go of each other. Everything was very still so they presumed there was no one around so they found a log to sit on.
‘Do you think it’s sleeping?’ whispered Vanessa.
He shook his head. ‘It never has before.’ 
Suddenly, there was a noise in the trees. Out of fear, Gavin grabbed her hand. He glared at her as she made them disappear. They were now braver so they decided to walk up to the cave to look inside. Slowly, they made their way, trying not to make a sound as they didn’t want to disturb it if it was sleeping. The dark cave was silent and Gavin started to worry as he never imagined himself being so close but he breathed a sigh of relief when he discovered the cave was empty.
But something was wrong as there was definitely no sign of a dragon anywhere. 
Then Vanessa remembered the witch. ‘Where does she live?’
Gavin didn’t know. He had heard from the other boys that there was a witch living in the dense part of the forest but he didn’t know where that was.
‘The way the maid spoke,’ said Vanessa, ‘she must be close by.’
They followed a path they hadn’t been on before to see where they would end up and when they came across a mud brick house, they wondered if Sarah Cupsip lived there.
Gavin then stopped, panicked by a thought. ‘What if she can see us?’
Vanessa ignored him and kept going. Peering inside the window she saw a woman who she wouldn’t picture for being a witch. Thinking it was safe, Gavin looked through as well. He was taken by her beauty and watched while she played with a branch. 
Sarah Cupsip was muttering to herself about tricking stupid boys and stealing a wand. Vanessa knew she was the woman with the answers but was afraid of her. Vanessa had magic but she didn’t know if she could take on a real witch. Instead, she would try to approach her female to female. 
‘Gavin,’ she whispered, ‘I’m going to talk to her. You stay hidden and if she tries anything then I want you to push her over or something so I can get away.’
Gavin nodded, knowing only too well that he would not help her, as the witch would be doing him a favour. 
Making herself visible, Vanessa knocked on the door. 
She tried to stay calm as Sarah Cupsip opened it. ‘I was wondering if you could answer a few questions for me?’
Sarah smiled. ‘Veronica.’
Surprised that she knew who her double was, she answered, ‘Yes.’
‘That wasn’t a question,’ she stated. ‘What is it that you need to know?’ 
‘Do you know what happened to the Grimscott boys?’
‘Yes,’ she said flicking the wand around. ‘Thanks to them and their incompetence with trying to kill you, I have this.’
‘So they tried to kill Veronica.’
The witched looked confused.
‘I’m not actually Veronica, although I look like her. I’m Vanessa from another realm.’
‘Oh, I see,’ said Sarah. ‘In that case, keep away from snakes.’
Now Vanessa was confused. ‘I saw snakes when I was in the forest.’
‘They’re after you,’ Sarah said as she pointed. ‘I turned them into snakes and they can’t turn themselves back unless they have your blood.’
A noise came from outside as Gavin was furious with what he had heard. 
‘How do I stop them?’ she whispered to the witch. 
‘Close the portal.’ 
Vanessa heard the movement and knew Gavin was running towards the tree.
Making herself invisible, she sped off after him. Having the advantage, she hoped she would get to the tree before him. There were sounds in the grass and she remembered her dream. It had been a warning but she was invisible. They wouldn’t be able to see her running, while trying to think of Gavin’s whereabouts at the same time. 
She began to worry about staying transparent as it was difficult to focus. She had to stop and concentrate. Gavin appeared in front of her. He screamed in anger as the snakes were upon him. He was pleading with them to leave him alone so he could figure out how to change them back. 
While he pleaded, Vanessa made her escape. Back at the tree, she begged for Jack’s help and felt relieved when she felt the suction. Her insides squeezed as it felt stronger than usual and a second later, she was back in the arms of Jack pleading for him to block the portal. Under no circumstances could she let Gavin go through. 
‘It’s alright,’ Jack said, ‘it’s already done. I’ve been watching you stuff everything up.’
‘Thanks,’ said Vanessa, taken aback by his remark. ‘Are you sure that the portal is blocked?’
‘Yes. There is no way Gavin will be getting back to your realm. You’ll be safe there but you will have to live without me. Gavin won’t be thinking about the inheritance any longer because now he will only have your blood on his mind.’
‘But if he can’t come through the portal then he won’t be able to kill me.’
He pulled her in close as he hated to tell her that Veronica was deceased.
She looked him in the eyes as she asked what the consequences were.
He explained that Veronica’s soul had been separated and, although Gavin would not be able to get back to his old realm, there was a way for him to go to other realms. ‘In time he’ll find out how to do it and with help, he’ll look for Veronica and for you. I’m sorry I have to tell you this.’
‘Isn’t there anything that can be done or can I do something to help?’
‘No,’ Jack pleaded, ‘no more help from you. I have to help Veronica.’
‘Why would you help her and not me?’ said Vanessa trying to hold back the tears.
‘Because, eventually, I would like to be with you,’ he smirked.
Blushing, she kissed him.
‘You know that you can’t stay here,’ he told her kissing her forehead. ‘Vanessa, you have to go back now because I have to close the tree. It was my fault that it opened so I have to make sure it can’t be used again.’
She hugged him one last time before walking through.
Chapter twenty-three

Things don’t always go your way and there is a reason. Gavin found himself stuck in Netsil and as Vanessa had gone through the portal, he was visible. Hissing grew and he wondered if the witch’s story was true. Had his brother and doubles been turned into snakes? Fearful of his life, he begged for forgiveness but they remained still as he wondered if they understood his pleas for mercy. 
For a moment, they backed down and he considered they might be communicating. He needed to make a run for the tree so he took off but as he approached, he noticed a change. The once golden leaves looked drained of their colour. He thought of Vanessa being at home and ran into the portal. 
Regaining consciousness, he woke to find himself on the ground facing the black forest. He knew the portal was blocked so what was he to do now? Merge with Gawain and live with the Grimscott family! It was possible, he would have wealth but there would be nothing to do. The sound of the snakes in the grass reminded him of a task. His brother and doubles didn’t want to live as snakes for the rest of their lives. He had to speak to Sarah Cupsip and with the confirmation of help, the hissing stopped.
As he walked the path to her home, he thought of a plan. She was conniving and he knew she was not to be trusted. Then he thought of the similarities with their personalities and the attraction he had felt. He wondered how strong her powers were. He had to be careful or he would end up a snake. Her house appeared and he stopped, nearly standing on one of the snakes. 
‘Look, you are going to have to leave me alone for a while,’ he said hoping they could understand him. ‘I’m going to have to find out how to help you by getting information from the witch. You can’t hang around me or she won’t tell me anything. I have to gain her trust first.’
They understood and made their way back into the trees to wait.
Brushing the dirt off his clothes to enhance his appearance, he realized he couldn’t see her while wearing his motorbike gear. He was not going to gain her trust if he wore something she was not accustomed to so he headed to Lillian’s home to find appropriate clothes. As he walked, he tried to think of what to tell Theo and what would he say about Veronica? The only thing he could think of was the dragon. He would blame the beast but first, he had to find clothes.
An old trunk with Gawain’s name on it lay near a wardrobe so he discreetly got changed and shoved his motorbike attire under a bed. Walking back into the sitting room, he found Lillian and Theo. They hadn’t moved. The only difference was that they were drunk. It was time to confront them.
‘Dad,’ he said trying to look distressed, ‘the dragon has taken Veronica, Wilhelm and Gerhard.’
Lillian interrupted in her drunken state, ‘That’s nice, dear.’
He knew it was useless speaking to them but at least he had mentioned it. No doubt a maid would have heard him so it wouldn’t be long before the word spread. Thinking of the maid brought on hunger so he made his way towards the kitchen to ask the staff for food. 
He wondered what his siblings would be eating. Then he thought of Vanessa getting away with everything. Eating a plate of cooked potatoes helped to appease him and when he spied a bunch of flowers which had not yet been put into a vase, he grabbed them. It was time to visit Sarah Cupsip so he hastily moved so fear wouldn’t interfere. 
He knocked on her door before he could retreat. Really, he wanted to run away but there was no other choice but to be brave as snakes were watching. Hiding behind the bunch of flowers, he spied the surprised expression when she answered and began to relax. The present had worked and she took the gift and smiled as she asked him inside.
Tea was offered and he gladly accepted and as he sipped, he felt more at ease. He had to remind himself of why he was there as trust had to be established. Sipping on the tea warmed his insides and as she sat next to him, he felt the attraction to her. He knew she liked his dark features so he put his hand on her blonde hair. It was silky and he wanted to kiss her. Feeling out of control, he tried to break away but she wouldn’t release him. 
Panicking, he spilt the tea on her and with a distraction, he ran. It was impossible to see her again. He had to find out more about her and it would be better if they met in a public place as he couldn’t trust himself being alone with her. Witchcraft came to mind as he wondered if she had used it. 
Theo and Lillian were in bed asleep when he entered the house. The staff were chatting so he slipped out of sight to listen. They were the ones he needed to speak with about Sarah Cupsip as they knew all the gossip. Stepping into the hallway as he cleared his throat, they realized they were not alone and the house became silent.
Laughing, he told them not to worry so they quietly continued with their duties. He needed their attention. ‘I am however, interested to hear from anyone who has any information about Sarah Cupsip. You know; the local witch.’
Still there was silence so he pleaded and a timid girl approached him to say that she knew of her. An older woman, who he presumed to be her mother, grabbed her by the arm and pulled her away. 
‘No,’ said Gavin, ‘it’s alright. I’ll pay you for the information. Anything you can tell me will be helpful.’ 
The teenager pulled herself away and spoke. ‘I can tell you that she has a stall in the market every morning. She sells potions and poisons.’
‘Did you say potions,’ asked Gavin, very intrigued, ‘like love potions?’
The girl nodded. Then it made sense to him. He hadn’t been able to control himself because she must have put a love potion into his tea. ‘Has she ever done anything sinister to anyone?’
‘Not that I have seen,’ said the girl twisting her dust cloth, ‘but I have heard rumours that she can control the dragon and other creatures.’
‘Has she ever done anything in public?’
‘No,’ she said, ‘not that I’m aware of.’
Gavin thought of mystical creatures but, apart from the dragon, he hadn’t seen any. ‘Do you know of any other creatures that live here?’
‘There are but they keep away from the witch. That’s why the town is built near her house. She stops them from entering.’
‘How does she do it?’ Gavin was curious.
‘With the dragon. It lives in the black forest that surrounds our town. The creatures know not to step foot inside the darkness otherwise the dragon is allowed to eat them.’
Shaking, Gavin thought about what he had done. Had he upset the balance of the realm which he was now stuck in? The witch had said that the dragon had not killed Veronica so what had happened to it as it wasn’t in the cave or the forest. How big was the forest? He didn’t know. Maybe the dragon was roaming around in another part; he hoped so. He would need to investigate further. If only he could converse with the snakes.
He turned to the girl. ‘What’s the quickest way to get around?’
She looked at him oddly. ‘By horse.’
Gavin had never ridden a horse before and as the girl was so obliging, he asked her if she knew how to ride. 
Again, she looked at him with an odd expression as she nodded. 
He approached her and she felt nervous but she stayed still as he whispered into her ear, ‘Will you teach me?’
She stood back and nodded as he organized to meet her in the morning. 
As Gavin left for his room, he heard the roar of chatter coming from the other staff. The conversation was mainly to do with him not knowing how to ride. Getting into bed, he thought that riding a motorbike would be similar to riding a horse. He believed he only needed balance which he knew he had but the horsepower was different as one was alive. It remained on his mind as he slept and when he woke the next morning, he quickly put on his clothes before fear could take over.
Frost stuck to his window as he looked through the glass. He wished he could wear his helmet to keep his head warm and for protection. He was beginning to have doubts about riding a horse so he took off to the dining room.
A maid appeared with an enormous platter of food but he wondered where the girl was. He had asked her to meet him for breakfast. 
‘She’s waiting for you at the stables.’
‘Oh,’ he said as he grabbed the banana covered with maple syrup and shoved it into a slice of bread before walking outside to meet her.
When he got to the stables, he saw the girl shivering in her white dress and apron. 
‘Where’s your jacket, I mean cloak?’ he asked her.
‘I don’t have one.’
Gavin was shocked and grabbed her by the hand to take her inside. 
Feeling scared, she wondered what she had done wrong and terror hit her as she was dragged into Veronica’s bedroom. 
‘Alright, I’ll wait outside while you get changed.’
‘I can’t wear these clothes,’ she said feeling stunned. ‘They belong to Veronica.’
‘It’s okay,’ said Gavin still eating his sandwich, ‘she won’t be back so help yourself.’
‘I can’t,’ she said wishing she had not spoken up when he had asked about the witch.
Taking a piece of paper from the desk, he started to write. ‘Now, I’m giving you something official. If anyone asks why you are wearing her clothes, then you can show them this: I, Gawain Grimscott give permission for … I don’t know your name.’
Scared eyes looked up at him as she answered, ‘Francesca.’
He continued to write and handed Francesca the paper as he asked her to put on warm clothes.
While waiting outside the door, he wondered if she would ever come out. He thought about knocking but she seemed timid enough without him rushing her so he waited. The door opened and she crept through with her head down. 
‘Wow,’ he said, ‘you’re beautiful.’
She had chosen a pair of black lace up boots, navy blue woollen skirt and a black jumper. Her hair which had been tied up was brushed and receiving a compliment, lifted her head. A glow appeared and he smiled as she led him to the stables where a horse was already saddled up.
Gavin patted the horse’s neck and despite not having any association with animals, he knew the horse wasn’t real. Feeling relieved that he was going to ride an inanimate object, he took in the detail of the animal and wondered what it was made of. He thought of asking Francesca but she was already providing instructions so he walked to the wrong side to get on. 
Giggling, Francesca told him to mount on the other side so he could put his left foot in the stirrup. He had trouble getting on and would have landed back on the ground if she hadn’t been holding his back to push him over. Once on, he knew it wasn’t going to be the same as riding a bike. Stiffly, he hung on to the saddle as she told him to relax whilst leading the horse to the arena. She showed him a few techniques to help him sit on the horse and after a while he was able to walk around her in a circle.
Finding it difficult to connect with the horse, he struck up a conversation as a form of distraction. He asked her about the horses and was surprised to find out that real horses lived in another realm called Srees. He wondered what else was in the universe and found out about a dimension known as Dlog. 
It was where the soul of the horse went to live in another form. Dlog intrigued him and he wondered how to get there but Francesca didn’t know. Gavin wondered if he was in a story but whatever the reality was didn’t matter as he needed to ride the fake horse to explore his surroundings. 
Letting his mind wander had been the right decision as his body was beginning to adjust and it wasn’t long before Gavin felt confident enough to canter. By lunch time, the movements from the horse felt similar to his bike and once Francesca saw he was able to move as one with the animal then she asked him to dismount. 
‘After we eat, will you come with me for a ride in the forest?’ he asked her.
‘Yes,’ she said as she gave the horse to the stable hand.
Francesca went to walk around the back of the house to the servants’ entrance but he stopped her as he wanted her to join him in the dining room. 
Nervously she agreed but when the food arrived at the table, Francesca stared at the floor. The staff weren’t impressed and when Lillian walked into the room to join them, Francesca felt uneasy. At that moment she wanted to curl up in the corner.
‘Isn’t that one of our maids?’ Lillian asked as she sat down.
‘She was,’ announced Gavin liking the feeling of authority. ‘Now, she’s my riding instructor, and I’ve also given her Veronica’s clothes.’
Lillian was horrified. ‘Why would you do that?’
‘I told you yesterday,’ he said. ‘The dragon took her along with my brothers.’ 
Lillian sat in shock. 
Gavin went out to the kitchen as he had had enough of the dirty looks. ‘Alright, all of you, I’ve promoted her to my riding instructor so stop with the sour faces.’
He stormed back to the table as he told Francesca to eat and as she looked at him with admiration, she thought she saw a smile. 
Normally, he wouldn’t have considered others but he waited for Francesca to finish her meal before announcing he was going for a ride. 
‘Do you still want me to come?’ she asked as she stood.
He did and once mounted, he wondered how Francesca could sit on a horse sideways. She brought out a different side of him which he was not used to but there was a dragon to contend with so they headed down the back of the house towards the black forest. 
Fearing the worst, Francesca had to tell him, ‘We shouldn’t be here.’ 
‘It’s alright; I come here all the time.’
‘What about the dragon?’
‘It’s not here. I want you to show me the whole forest. I have a feeling it isn’t even living here anymore.’
Terrified at the statement, she hesitated before taking the lead. 
The forest was larger than he expected and he wondered if it would ever end. There had been no trace of the dragon or any movement at all. It appeared nothing existed as there were no sounds. He wondered about the repercussions of his actions. Francesca seemed frightened and she had every right to be. Darkness found them looking for an opening between the trees and when the sound of running water was heard, they headed towards the stream. 
Eager to dismount, Gavin landed on the ground and rushed to help Francesca. He wasn’t himself and wondered if any magic was involved. Francesca’s eyes were level with his and as he stared into her soul, he knew witchcraft wasn’t to blame. His feelings for her were genuine. Surprised with his emotions, he tried to make small talk and when she mentioned there wasn’t much of the forest left to explore, he felt the soreness of his body. He wasn’t keen to keep going but it did worry him that they hadn’t found the dragon.
It had taken hours to get to the stream so he asked if they needed to go back the same way. 
‘No, going back is quicker. We can go through town.’
‘Good.’ Gavin was pleased as he had never seen the town and he would be able to survey the market to see where the witch had her stall.
Light opened at the end of the tunnel of dark trees, providing hope of escaping the claustrophobia. They had spent too long in the silence so Francesca took off to merge with civilization, leaving Gavin behind. Believing he too could gallop, he followed but didn’t expect the feeling of exhilaration. Motorbike riding had been the only activity he had experienced an adrenalin rush so he hung on to the saddle for support as the horse caught up with Francesca. 
He nearly lost his balance but seeing Francesca laugh, made him happy and as he regained his dignity, he noticed the building at the end of the street. It was not what he had imagined. The monstrous stone building peered above a wall which seemed endless. They rode along the outskirts of the formation and stopped when they noticed a gate entwined inside a spiralling entrance. 
Enormous windows glowed against the sun’s rays and reflected light which shone over the entire town. Gavin had never seen anything like it and wanted to study the rest of the property but his horse grew restless. The creature knew it was near home and to remind its rider, it reared off the ground. 
Francesca was surprised that he had never visited the town but he was not Gawain and needed an excuse. He blamed his father for keeping him sheltered and hoped she believed him but she didn’t as he had mentioned visiting the dark forest and seeing the dragon. She could have confronted him but instead she explained about the shop in the shape of a candy stick. It sold sweets and the drinks shop next door was hidden inside a large dandelion. Further down, a building in the shape of underwear had Gavin laughing hysterically. 
‘Why do some of the shops take on such strange shapes?’
Francesca couldn’t see what was so funny. ‘The richer the shop, the more money they have to advertise.’ 
Between the square stone buildings and thatched roofs, he saw a giant chocolate box, pumpkin, sheep and a penguin. He didn’t bother to ask what was sold but he noticed that the blacksmith was closed for business. 
As he read the sign, Francesca pointed out that it had been a horrible illness which had killed the father and son on the same night. 
The market was on his right so he looked for the stall belonging to the witch. 
Francesca pointed it out. ‘You would do better to speak to her here, in front of everyone. She’s not to be trusted on her own.’ 
Being late in the afternoon there weren’t many people about. Most were staff collecting items for their employers so Gavin decided to head home. He contemplated what to do as they rode but soon became distracted when he noticed the houses were grander.
Francesca saw him looking at the properties. ‘The wealthier you are then the further out you can live.’ 
Gavin was thinking about his realm where the closer you lived to town, the more expensive it was.  
‘If you have more wealth, you can live closer to the forest. People like the peace and feel more protected being closer to the dragon despite their fear of the beast.’
Gavin began to worry again. ‘What other creatures live here?’
‘I haven’t seen them but I have been told about wild animals that will eat you. I expect they are similar to werewolves. I’m not sure but I do know that they are all shape-changers.’
‘What are shape-changers?’ he asked now worried with the reality of what was ahead.
‘They are the ones to be reborn on the third level. The humans call it Earth but it is known as Terra. They can’t leave here until their blueprints are amended so most change into snakes so they can survive in the forest while they wait.’
He didn’t want any more information.
She went to speak but he knew a catastrophe was coming and it was his fault. Shaking his head as he contemplated his actions, he took a deep breath.
‘Don’t worry, the dragon keeps everyone living in harmony,’ she said as she saw his concerned expression.
‘But that’s the problem Francesca, we didn’t see the dragon.’ He knew he had to speak to Richard and knew tomorrow, he would have to approach the witch in public.
Chapter twenty-four

Be careful what you wish for. Gavin had spent most of the night wishing he was home. He had listened to Francesca speak of blueprints being altered and wondered if it related to DNA. What would happen to him if he tried to return home without the use of a portal? What would happen, if he came across the ones who were known as the Founders? Panic began to set in so he rode to the market, all the time wishing for Sarah Cupsip to help him. 
Her stand was busy with people reading the labels on her potions. 
‘I want a potion so I can converse with snakes,’ he said abruptly so everyone could hear.
She sighed. ‘No.’
‘No, as in you don’t have anything like that or no, I can’t have it.’
‘No, to both,’ she said looking at him sheepishly.
He knew she liked him so he used it to his advantage. ‘What about if you give me the potion and I agree for you to come over to my house for dinner?’ He glared at her with his dark eyes as it seemed to have an effect on her.
‘Deal,’ she said with a smile. 
‘Can you give me the potion now and I need a sleeping potion as well.’
‘Why?’
‘For my parents,’ he stated quickly, hoping it would seem reasonable. ‘We won’t be disturbed if they’re asleep.’
She handed over the potions. 
Now all that had to be done was for Gavin to find the snakes so he went back to the forest and called out for Richard. With no sound, he wondered if he should be calling Gerhard. DNA was back on his mind as he wondered about the effect on his brother. Sitting on a log, he managed to compose his thoughts and it was then he heard the sound of the grass moving as they slid closer to him. 
Three sets of fangs faced him as their arrow heads came up to meet his stare. He swallowed the potion and began to hiss.
Shocked, the snakes closed their mouths as he spoke to them, ‘Tell me what happened with the dragon.’
Richard hissed as he took over Gerhard, ‘We tied Veronica to the tree trunk and she somehow managed to kill the dragon. We thought the dragon transferred its magic into her. The witch tricked us and took the wand and turned us into snakes.’
‘What happened to Veronica?’ hissed Gavin.
‘We followed her to the cliff,’ hissed Richard. ‘She jumped.’
Gavin wasn’t sure if that was the end of her or not. If it was then he would be able to go back to his realm and live with the money belonging to Lucinda. He was going to have to keep his date with Sarah Cupsip as she was the only one with the answers. ‘I have to go but I’m working on getting things sorted out.’
‘Hurry,’ hissed Wilhelm, ‘I hate being like this.’
Guilt played on his mind as he walked back to the house. If he did manage to leave, then what would happen to everyone else? Sobbing sounds were coming from the servants’ quarters so he quietly moved towards the windows of the basement. It was Francesca and rage filled him as he stormed in to demand why she was upset.
Drying her eyes, she said, ‘I was getting changed into my maid’s uniform when my mother came in and hit me with her belt. She said I’m not allowed to pretend that I’m Veronica. I’m a disgrace!’
He picked her up in his arms and carried her to Veronica’s bedroom. On the way, he mentioned to all the astonished staff to meet him in the sitting room. Placing her on the bed, he told her to have a bath while he took care of the situation. 
All whispers stopped as he approached the sitting room. 
‘I’m only saying this once! Francesca is not a maid any longer! She is a riding instructor! Veronica is not coming back so I have given Francesca her room! If anyone touches her or upsets her in any way,’ he turned to stare at her mother, ‘then they will be banished from this house forever!’ He stormed out leaving them silent. 
As he walked away, he wondered why the girl had such an effect on him. It was the only time he could remember, actually taking care of someone. His hand was on the door handle when he heard the water moving so deciding to leave her alone, he went downstairs as there was the snake issue to deal with. 
He sat waiting for Sarah Cupsip to arrive. He had the sleeping potion ready in case he needed to use it on her. Agitation crept through him as he considered the questions he needed to ask and when he heard her voice at the door, he hoped his plan of persuasion would work. Jumping to his feet, he waited as the staff escorted her into the dining room. He remembered the attraction he felt towards her and needed to be vigilant but when she appeared in a pink velvet dress, he wondered why he still found her attractive. 
He asked for the food to come out as he poured her a glass of wine. 
‘Have you used the snake potion?’ she asked as she drank from her pewter goblet. 
‘Yes.’
‘So you know I tricked them,’ she said waiting for his reaction.
‘They said that you can keep the wand,’ he said as he watched her from the corner of his eyes. ‘They just want to return back to themselves again.’
‘I knew you were going to ask me,’ she said as she put her hand in her pocket. Gavin braced himself for the worst as she continued, ‘That is why I brought along a potion to turn them back.’
Gavin couldn’t believe it. Maybe he was wrong about her. 
‘A word of warning though; once you have been changed you are a changer.’
Gavin didn’t understand.
‘The potion will change them back to human form but it is possible to slip back to being a snake. They have to learn control. And you need to remember that if you join up with Gawain, then you will need control as well, or you will end up a snake.’
That was something he hadn’t thought of. He wondered what to do then realized what she had said. ‘You know I’m not Gawain.’
She nodded and smiled as she placed her hands around his neck. ‘You know you could be happy here with me, Gavin.’
He held her hands as he pleaded with her to help him.
‘Veronica is dead but her soul has been divided and put into other girls in the third realm.’
Gavin was confused. ‘Why; what’s the point in that and what does it really matter? I just want to get home.’
‘Because you cannot get to that realm. So it looks like the soul is safe and you are stuck here with me.’ She put her forehead against his and he inhaled her smell of herbs. Her touch was smooth as she moved her fingers over his face. Sarah was trying to hypnotize him. He tried to push her away but her force was strong. ‘You know you could forget the past and future and have me as your present.’
Gavin knew she wasn’t telling him everything so he pushed her for more information, ‘You said I can’t merge with Gawain because I will become a snake so what alternatives do I have if I can’t go home?’
‘You only need to bite the girl,’ she whispered as she went to kiss him.
Gavin couldn’t imagine biting anyone.
‘Not as you but as a snake. To stop all of you from changing, you will need to bite the girl with the mark on her back to end the curse.’ She watched Gavin trying to make sense of it all. ‘You will understand later but beware of Jack.’
‘Who, Jack Turner?’ said Gavin. ‘He’s dead.’
‘Yes, you killed him and stopped him from being with the girl he loves.’
‘What can he do?’ Gavin turned away from her as his plan didn’t involve Jack.
‘A lot; he will help protect Veronica’s soul.’
Sarah knew more than he thought. He needed her help so he tried a different tactic so she would provide alternatives. ‘I could leave my brother and the other two as snakes. I could keep pretending to be Gawain and stay here with Francesca.’
The witch didn’t like what she was hearing and found it difficult to contain herself but Sarah regained composure. ‘Do you think you could live here, knowing three snakes wait for you to change them? What if you don’t give them the potion but I do? You would have to merge with Gawain and could Francesca cope with the internal battle? Do you have enough courage to protect her when the creatures realize that the dragon is no longer here?’
A depleted Gavin sat as she left.
Scenarios ran through his head but a scream from upstairs found him running. Panicking, he rushed to Francesca to save her from her mother. He couldn’t believe his orders had been disobeyed and was filled with rage by the time he got to the door. Exploding into the room, he was ready to attack but was stopped in his tracks by the sight of her standing alone at the window. 
‘What’s wrong?’ he asked as he held her shaking hands.
Trying to hold back the screams of terror, she pulled her hand away and pointed to the window. Gavin peered through the diamond shaped glass to see twenty or so, hooded beings walking towards the house.
‘Who are they?’ he asked as he rubbed her arm, trying to calm her down.
‘Shape-changers.’
His worst nightmare was confirmed as the dragon no longer existed. He didn’t know what to do. Could he run off with her to the portal and try to get through? His head began to spin.
‘What will they do to us?’ he asked while thinking of a plan.
Francesca shuddered. ‘They’ll eat us.’
Still trying to think, he asked, ‘They were humans once, weren’t they?’
She nodded so Gavin made his way through the concerned staff to the front door. 
‘Wait, I want to talk to you!’ he said as he stood at the top step to face the cloaked humans. 
Studying them, he thought they looked the same as any other human. The only difference he could see, were the scars on their faces. Cloaks covered their bodies so he wasn’t too sure what was underneath but their hands and feet were the same as his. Looking at the leader’s face, he was reminded of himself as he also had dark eyes. Was he to become a shape-changer in the end? He couldn’t imagine living as a snake but then his brother was caught up in the experience. For a moment, he felt remorse.
There had to be a way to appeal to their humane side and as he went to speak, the leader ripped back his mouth and revealed his teeth while jumping through the air. Gavin froze and was suddenly faced with the dark eyes he had been looking at. Knowing there was not going to be a discussion, he braced himself for the worst while the creature took position. Screaming sounds returned but not from Francesca. Someone else yelled to get their attention as she pointed the dragon’s wand at them.
‘Serpentine Candidia!’ Sarah Cupsip screamed at the top of her lungs. 
Gavin could smell the individual's breath as it was about to bite. Terrified, he waited but nothing happened. There was no movement and with no attack, Gavin relaxed. 
The shape-changer’s eyes were empty so he looked around for an explanation as it was not only the leader who was frozen in time but also the others.
‘What happened?’ he asked Sarah as she came towards him.
‘I noticed them when I was on my way home. I figured that the wand would put a stop to them,’ she said as she took his arm to move him away. ‘Stand back, the spell is beginning to work.’
The mist settled on the shape-changers as they began to change. Their skin began to scale as their cloaks fell to the ground, revealing snake shaped heads.
Gavin jumped back. ‘Now what?’ 
‘They won’t hurt you; they’re still paralyzed.’
He wanted to know for how long but Sarah wasn’t sure. ‘Probably, for a day; we need a dragon.’
‘How do we get one?’ he asked eager to help.
‘I can make one but I need blood from Vanessa. I’m sure that the curse would have passed on to her by now.’
‘What do you mean by curse?’
Sarah explained about the mark of the dragon which would be with everyone who shared Veronica’s DNA. If she could get some of the blood that contained the dragon’s magic, then she could create another dragon. 
Gavin was worried about getting the blood. ‘Isn’t there another way? Do you know where Vanessa is?’
‘She’s in the third realm.’
When Gavin realized he was going home, he hugged her. He knew Sarah had been stopping him from going through but his excitement was short lived as Sarah told him that he could only stay there for a day. If he stayed any longer then he too would become a snake.
‘I can’t get blood from her in one day,’ he said wondering if she was making it up.
Sarah smiled. ‘Yes, you can if I make you look like Jack.’
Chapter twenty-five

Can there be a happy ending for everyone? Does everyone learn from their mistakes? William wasn’t sure what had happened to his brothers or his stepsister. Sometimes he heard noises and wondered if Vanessa was still invisible but he believed she would have appeared at some stage. Beginning to consider that they may not return, he thought about going through the tree to help them as they had been gone for too long and he was sick of all the questions at school. Everything annoyed him, especially his motorbike which kept breaking down.
‘William!’ yelled Mason. ‘What’s all the noise in the shed?’
‘Nothing, just trying to fix the bike,’ he grumbled as he thought about taking one of the others instead. 
He heard the footsteps and waited for his father to start complaining about the disturbance. 
Bracing himself for the lecture, he was shocked to see Vanessa. ‘Shouldn’t you be invisible?’
‘No,’ she replied, ‘I’ve come back for good.’
‘What happened?’ said William surprised by the statement.
‘The portal’s blocked. No one can get in or out anymore.’
William had to ask despite dreading the answer, ‘Where are Gavin and Richard?’
‘They’re staying there.’
‘You don’t have anything else to add?’
She shook her head.
‘So, what are you going to tell your mother?’
‘I’ll tell her that I ran away but now I’m back.’
William stared at her with mixed emotions. He missed his brothers and not having anyone to talk to about the other realm. He felt sad about Jack’s death and the way he had treated Vanessa. He had been alone for too long and was glad to hear she was going to keep him company.
‘Besides,’ said Vanessa noticing his change of mood, ‘my mother probably hasn’t even noticed that I’ve been gone.’
They both smiled as Vanessa walked outside to surprise Lucinda.
Stepping through the back door, she anticipated a reaction but wasn’t expecting it to be from Mason. He was about to complain about the door opening and closing on a Sunday afternoon when he leapt to his feet. Sweeping Vanessa up into his arms, she could have sworn she saw a tear well up in his eye. 
He was overjoyed as he imagined his life going back to normal. She waited for a response from her mother but she was still sitting on the couch watching the television with the sound off. Vanessa knew she was still being drugged so decided on a few changes, now that Gavin was out of the picture. 
Sitting next to her mother brought on thoughts of Jack’s parents and how they must be feeling so she went back to the shed to get her motorbike. A spotless helmet hung from the handlebars so she knew William had been bored and when she turned to thank him, he hugged her. 
She smiled at the thought of having a loving sibling and left to visit the Turner’s house. It wasn’t long ago; she had ridden in fear but her stepbrother was gone so nothing could hurt her. She took off at full speed. Dying didn’t bother her as she knew that when her time was finished in this realm then she would be with Jack. Excitement grew as she got closer to her destination but the feeling of exhilaration decreased when she arrived to see Emily Turner sitting on the bench.
As she approached her, she wondered how she would tell Emily that Jack was fine without sounding crazy. Different scenarios entered her mind but all seemed hopeless. She needed an explanation which was acceptable.   
‘I wondered what had happened to you,’ Emily said with a smile. ‘I was told that you went missing too. It was in the papers.’
Vanessa sat down next to her while she wondered what to say. ‘No, I wasn’t missing but I have been away.’
Emily took her hands. ‘Where have you been?’
She so desperately wanted to tell her the truth but was having doubts. ‘I have something to tell you about Jack.’
Emily squeezed her hands. 
‘This is going to sound nuts but you know how Gavin wanted to kill me. Well he did try but your son saved me.’
‘So, he’s alive,’ smiled Emily. ‘Then why hasn’t he contacted me? He must know that I’m sick with worry.’
‘He knows. But he’s not alive. His spirit saved me. He dragged me through a portal to another realm. A realm that he’s now living in.’ Vanessa sighed as she managed to get it all out into the open.
Emily looked shocked so Vanessa hugged her. ‘I’m sorry. It’s the truth.’
‘Do you have any way to prove your story?’ asked Emily desperate for some hope.
She pulled away and shook her head. ‘He is living in a house that’s in the same position as this place. In fact, there is a bench out the front in this very spot. A woman called Emilia lives there and she is taking care of him. They have a barn where your shed is. Jack actually spends a lot of time there.’ She nearly told her of how he could transfigure into a horse but decided not to. 
‘I must admit, I have felt his presence,’ said Emily who needed confirmation. ‘Take me to him.’
‘I can’t because the portal is blocked, forever. Gavin and Richard are trapped in another realm as well.’
Emily began to worry. ‘Not with Jack?’
‘No, it’s okay. They’re in a different realm.’
Emily never thought she would ask to see a portal but she needed some reassurance. So feeling sorry for her, Vanessa agreed and waited while Emily grabbed her motorbike from the shed and followed her. 
As they stopped, Emily looked at the dull tree. ‘This is the portal!’
Vanessa nodded as she walked over to the trunk. ‘I used to walk through.’
Emily pushed her body onto the tree as hard as she could but nothing happened.
‘No, Mrs Turner. It doesn’t work anymore.’
Emily fell to the ground in tears as Vanessa walked over to comfort her on the ground. ‘I’m sorry, I probably shouldn’t have told you but I hated to see you waiting for him when I knew he was never coming back.’
They sat silently under the branches until Emily asked if Vanessa had said something.
‘No, it must be the rustling in the leaves you’re listening to.’
Then Emily was sure she heard someone say her name.
Vanessa hadn’t heard anything so believing it was her imagination, they sat silently for a while until Vanessa heard a voice. She jumped to her feet to see who was there but it was only the two of them. 
‘Mum, it’s me, Jack.’
Emily looked around as Vanessa moved towards the tree. 
Hugging the tree again, Emily begged, ‘Please come through, Jack!’
‘I can’t, Mum,’ Jack said, ‘the portal is blocked but I can speak to you for a short while. I just want you to know that I’m safe. I don’t want you to worry about me.’
She hoped it was him but needed proof. ‘What did I call you when you were a little boy?’
‘What?’ he sounded confused.
‘You know; the name you hated.’
‘Oh, no, do you really want me to say it?’
‘Please,’ she begged.
‘Schnookums.’
Vanessa laughed as Jack told her to be quiet. 
Emily cried with the confirmation so Vanessa sat quietly to let Jack explain everything to his mother. 
The right decision had been made and when Jack left, his mother seemed brighter.  
‘Are you going to tell your husband?’
‘I don’t know if he’d believe me,’ said Emily as she considered what to do.
They hugged for a while before Emily left and Vanessa stood in front of the tree. 
‘Bye, Jack,’ she said not knowing if he could hear her or not.
The dried-up leaves fell in front of her as she turned away. Knowing that the portal was no longer there, she ignored the blackened colour which had replaced the once golden glow. Mist moved from the branches but it was too fine to be noticed by the human eye.
Jack had been caught out by Emilia. ‘I told you to keep away from the portal.’
‘I know but my mother was so sad. I had to tell her that I was alright.’
They were about to head back to the house when they spied a golden horse coming towards them. 
Emilia gasped. ‘Aerona.’
Getting off her horse, she glared angrily at Jack. 
Knowing what it was about, he started to apologize.
‘Stop,’ she said, ‘the damage is already done.’
‘What do you mean?’ interrupted Emilia.
‘The portal is still strong enough to stop humans going through but it is too weak to stop spirits. The ones who are still in spirit form are now going back to the third realm. There are so many of them, they are filling up the atmosphere. I thought I had a problem with the time distorting but this leak is causing an imbalance which will affect all the realms. The moon is becoming black.’
Jack became concerned and wanted to know about Vanessa’s safety. 
‘The darkness will take over.’
‘Can I do anything?’ asked Jack feeling guilty.
‘I’m sending you back,’ Aerona said to Jack. ‘You will have to get Vanessa and bring her back here to help us as she is the only one who has been here and gone back in one lifetime.’
He couldn’t believe what he was hearing.
Aerona could see his excitement. ‘You have to bring her straight here. Do you understand? No distractions. I need her blueprint.’
Jack understood as he said goodbye and expected to go through the tree to find Vanessa still standing there but he had forgotten about the time difference.
Vanessa was not in the forest as she had moved on with her life. She had returned to school and with William’s help, Gavin and Richard were forgotten. Students and staff had become interested in the stories while Vanessa had been away. They wanted answers to the many theories of abduction and elopement. The girls had seen photos of Jack in the newspaper and on the television and wanted to know who he was. 
Suddenly, she was popular. No longer did she need a lock on her bedroom door as her stepbrother had become her best friend. Lucinda’s drugs had worn off and Mason was a new man who helped around the house. It was the life she dreamed of but her adventure was on her mind so to release the story, she began to type. 
It was a way to remember Jack and the more she wrote, the better she felt. Writing became an obsession and she didn’t stop until the story was finished. William was concerned with Vanessa’s mental health as she spent too much time on her laptop so when he confronted her, she explained of the relief. 
Once the story was written, she was able to go motorbike riding and William recognized the difference. He needed to release the past memory but couldn’t write. So, he asked if he could read the story as he could relate to the fiction that was fact. Believing there would be no consequences, she handed over her laptop.
‘That’s a good story,’ he said after reading a few chapters. ‘Why don’t you give it to a publisher? Maybe others have been involved in scenarios that are unexplained. If they read our story, then they wouldn’t feel alone.’
Vanessa laughed. ‘No, it’s too personal and as if anyone would believe it. I’d be locked up or is that your plan?’
William scoffed. ‘Suit yourself, it’s your choice.’
But as William finished the story, he decided to speak with the English teacher at school who organized for the story to be entered into a competition. At first, Vanessa was angry with him but she soon cheered up when a few weeks later, she received a letter to say she had won.
The book was published and Vanessa was asked to go to a bookstore to collect her prize money. It was a long drive which meant an early start. Staggering out of bed, she grabbed her new dress to wear for the occasion. The long zip, down the back of her dress became stuck. Turning around to look in the mirror, she noticed a mark at the base of her spine. Intrigued, she took her handheld mirror to have a closer look. The mark was a snake which appeared to be growing. 
She knew it was a sign but didn’t have time to investigate as the horn was beeping. Vanessa wasn’t sure if it was the fear of what she had seen in the mirror or the excitement of going to see her book but the feeling she had in her stomach, made her wish that the prize could be posted.
As they pulled up in the car park, out the front of the building, she turned to William. ‘Look at all the people here. They’re lined up out the door.’
‘Maybe there’s someone famous here today,’ William said.
A lady wearing a purple suit was waiting at the side of the building. The badge on her jacket stated she was with the publishing company and that her name was Mary-Ann Evans. She recognized Vanessa and asked them to follow her through the side entrance. William asked her who else was going to be there but the woman didn’t answer. 
Vanessa was asked to sit by a desk where the line of people started. And as she studied everything around her, she noticed that most of the queue was made up of girls close to her age. Then something caught her eye; the book in their hands was hers. Looking at the line, she couldn’t believe they had come to see her. 
‘All you have to do is sign the inside cover of each book,’ said Mary-Ann as she pulled her purple skirt down to sit next to her.
Vanessa looked at the girls and thought she would end up with writer’s cramp. It was unexpected and she had questions but was too overwhelmed to express herself. The first book was put in front of her by a girl who wanted to know if Jack was real. Vanessa told her that he was but began to reconsider as the story was labelled magical realism. She heard the girls in the line muttering about Jack. They were happy he was real and wanted to meet him.
Vanessa wished she hadn’t said anything. She kept signing, thinking that she would have to be more careful with how she answered their questions. Gradually the line got smaller but the chatter got louder as there seemed to be something going on at the back of the line.
‘I’ll go and see what’s happening,’ said Mary-Ann. ‘They’re probably talking about the latest newsflash.’ 
‘What newsflash?’ Vanessa had no idea of any news as she wasn’t one to watch.
‘Didn’t you hear? For some reason the moon isn’t visible any longer. It’s as if it is blocked by something.’
Vanessa didn’t want to know and kept signing. 
Mary-Ann returned, looking flustered. ‘There’s a boy at the back of the line and the girls think he’s Jack Turner.
Vanessa knew it wasn’t possible as he was in another realm but her curiosity made her stand up. She froze as she looked over at him and met his stare. Leaning on the desk to steady herself, she felt her heart racing as the piercing blue eyes could only belong to Jack.


Live your life by looking beyond what is in front of you.
Read the series:
A snake is amongst us

vanessa Smythe
rhiaNon luna
theodorA turner
jacKie jones
juliettE miller
lelIth vampyre
aerona Snave
gavin mAcleod
Mary sekret
serah kOhw
dyaNa happy
anna jinGhua
goddess isiS
katherine greaT
oranmiyan omolUabi odede


Kontact me via my website:
www.asnakeisamongstus.com


A branch from the Author

A notch appears in a piece of wood and your eyes are drawn towards it.
Vanessa Smythe found a knot within a tree and it began to untie. She created a tale of a 
split soul and now threads branch out to bind the soul together. 
Another story is shared for YOU… to unravel the universal message exposed within the series:

A snake is amongst us: Vol 2
Rhianon Luna sees beyond the mythology
Read Rhianon’s lifestory, of when she lived amongst us, by opening the following portal: 
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/1048776

Sample:
Chapter one
Through Rhianon’s eyes

‘Rhianon Luna…hello! Is there anyone in that head of yours? Rhianon, Rhianon!’ Gwen repeatedly called out for my attention, but she may as well have been speaking to the glass window of the unfinished house that stood before me. 
I could hear her cries of annoyance, but I was unable to answer her. It was as if my body had been separated from my soul and my brain had lost control. My lack of attention infuriated her so my other friend, Delyth intervened, ‘Leave her alone. Whatever you have to say will fall on deaf ears so give up.’ 
‘Can’t you try to get her to listen?’ begged Gwen. ‘It worries me when she’s like this. Seriously, don’t you think she’s getting worse?’
‘Rhianon, come back to me,’ Delyth whispered as she gave me a gentle nudge but as I didn’t respond, she shrugged her shoulders and went back to her laptop.
‘That wasn’t trying. We need to speak to our mothers about her zoning out all the time. I tried to tell Rhianon’s mum but she dismissed me. Her mum thinks she’s daydreaming but I don’t think so. Are you even listening to me Delyth?’ 
In my mind, I could hear Gwen’s concern and I wanted to tell her not to worry but I couldn’t explain the creatures I saw flying in the distance. Maybe that was the reason why I couldn’t respond to anyone when I felt the connection with the unknown as who would believe me? 
I was caught in the middle of a tug-of-war, where my heart told me to go somewhere, and my head told me to stay here and answer my friend, but I remained neutral and did nothing. Somehow, I knew there was something different about me and lately my suspicions had been confirmed that there was something noticeably wrong. 
It was my father who first realised that my daydreaming was becoming a problem. He had wondered if I had an attention disorder of some sort, but my mother had been quick to tell him that his professional opinion was incorrect and I was a normal human being. My uncaring mother always interfered when it came to my wellbeing. I had wondered, if the reason for not taking me for tests was because she couldn’t be bothered. It seemed the older I got, the more frequent my daydreams became. My friends were used to me zoning out but sarcastic remarks aside, they were becoming concerned.
‘You know there’s no getting through to her when she’s like this. She’ll snap out of it in a few minutes,’ said Delyth, determined not to join us as we stared through the window.
Gwen looked at the antique clock hanging on the brick wall, covered in dust. ‘I think we should wake her. It’s been too long and I can’t see what she’s staring at.’
‘Do you remember the last time we tried to bring her back when she was like this?’ said Delyth. ‘She glared at us as if we were dragons or something. I’m not disturbing her.’
The rain was heavy and didn’t look as if it would be stopping anytime soon. Dark clouds rumbled as they pushed their way through then out of the blue, the tidal wave past and a sunray appeared. A movement caught my eye. 
Years ago, when I first saw the creatures, I had thought they were insects as they reminded me of dragonflies, but I had known they were something else as they were too far away. My sight gradually changed and at times, I did think there was something wrong with my eyes as my perception seemed incorrect. The more they appeared, the larger they became and I had hoped for a bird but the more I focused on them, the more I realised they were not. They were the reason for my daydreaming as I needed every sense in my body and brain to focus on what was out there. 
Lately, the creatures have become more apparent and I felt annoyed with being so close to confirmation. I desperately wanted to know what they were. They had always been distant but an encounter a couple of weeks ago, shook me. The moon had been full and I had seen their horse like bodies with outstretched wings. That day, the ball of light had moved through the dull sky and shone through my bedroom window. 
The glare had bounced off my laptop screen and caught me off guard. I had been blinded and as I turned away to look outside, the figures had appeared. I had hoped my daydreaming would come to an end as an answer was being given. I was so close but the light interfered with my vision and despite fighting back with vengeance, my squinting eyes could not help with my observation. I thought about asking my father to take me to the hospital but my curiosity got the better of me.
I was intrigued as to why the moon was so large and in full view so early in the afternoon and wondered if it had anything to do with the closeness of the flying creatures. It wasn’t until they disappeared into the atmosphere that I turned back to my laptop and began researching. I had spent the rest of the day trying to find out if anyone else had seen what I had but to no avail. 
Not even my mother’s mythical books which sat deteriorating on the shelf could provide any clues. I thought one story would appear about Pegasus but surprisingly nothing on the internet existed, not even on the UFO sites. That night, I had fallen asleep leaving my subconscious to try to figure it out, but by the time I woke, I was none the wiser. I had not seen them again, and dismissed the vision, putting it down to an overactive imagination.
But whatever was out there had returned. I did wonder if I was looking at dragonflies but my friends couldn’t see them so were the creatures, dragons? Was it the case, that I could see beyond what others considered mythical? Trying to decipher them was difficult but a determination filled me and as I looked at them again from my friend’s house, I knew my vision of the unexplained was real. 
I wished my friends could see them so I could speak with someone who understood. There had to be other people who could see them. Why didn’t anyone talk about them? Or was there a reason why people weren’t supposed to speak about what they saw? I needed to break the connection so I listened as my friends spoke of the weather. 
They were disappointed, especially Delyth who liked to be outdoors. They became bored and as Delyth walked over to the fridge, Gwen sat down on the floor next to me to see if she could go where I was. She looked but couldn’t see through the glass window which stretched from wall to wall and provided a frame for the water, cascading down the broken gutters. Gwen pulled on her tight jeans as she moved closer to me on the cold, concrete floor. Rain returned and we were both hypnotized by the sound hitting the glass. I felt Gwen’s soul that wanted to separate but she wasn’t ready to let go and when thunder crashed, she jumped to her feet, knocking into me. 
‘Sorry,’ she said, looking around to make sure that the house was still standing.
‘It’s okay,’ I answered. ‘I felt the house shake too.’
‘So, you’re back with us,’ said Delyth, who couldn’t care less about the house.
‘Where do you go or what do you see?’ Gwen wanted to know as she couldn’t see anything. ‘Not those bugs again?’
‘Yes, those bugs again.’ I was surprised she remembered my crazy conversation, especially after dismissing my unidentified flying objects story as being bugs on the window screen.
Gwen and Delyth both looked out the window, contemplating if I was irrational or if I was playing with their minds.
‘I thought maybe you had seen them Gwen, since you were looking in the same direction as me.’
‘What? I can’t see any flying things,’ said Gwen.
I looked back again, this time with Delyth and Gwen both looking from behind me. They didn’t want to miss out but there was nothing there.
‘I must have imagined it,’ I said as I took another look by myself to make sure. But whatever was out there was now gone.
I wasn’t sure what was there, but one thing I did know and that was, I saw what others couldn’t. The flying objects were now too vivid to dismiss. 
Another crash of thunder shook the house, distracting my friends. They went back to complaining about the weather but I was glad of the distraction. It would have been nice to have had someone to speak to about the visions or even better, if one of my friends could see what I saw. But I had no one to share it with so I thought about horse riding.
We were supposed to go horseback riding but now that it was raining, Gwen decided to dismiss the idea completely. I still wanted to go but they thought I was a lunatic. They were worried about the storm but I wasn’t afraid. I knew we would be alright. They were providing excuses and I wished I owned my own horse. 
Lately, I had become desperate and nagged my parents continuously for a horse but my mother refused. Sometimes I wished I had a different mother. We had the money to own a horse but instead I was showered with material objects for compensation. Delyth’s family was poor but I would have gladly traded with her for a chance to have my own horse. 
I often wondered if my mother really did like me, since she stopped me from doing anything which would make me happy. The only friends I was allowed to associate with were Gwen and Delyth and only because my mother was friends with their mothers. There had been numerous occasions when I had been asked out by other friends, only to be told I was not allowed without any explanation. 
Eventually the invitations ceased and I wondered what she would do if a boy asked me out. I presumed she would lock me in my room. My friends at school thought she was overprotective but I have a feeling there is more to it. I have questioned her but she refused to speak to me. Why she won’t converse with her own daughter is beyond me but I know one day, she will have to.
Thunder crashed overhead again. Horseback riding was not looking good. Storms didn’t bother me, and I knew my counterpart wouldn’t have cared either as being in the rain was like being cleansed. I would have given anything to go riding in the forest. I couldn’t explain why but I knew I had to go. The nagging in my head was getting to me and I needed a distraction. 
My friends were still complaining about being bored so I thought about going home, but what could I do there? I was used to being at Delyth’s house. Even at times like these, when I couldn’t get my own way, I was still better off being here. I thought about nagging Delyth as I knew really, she didn’t care about the weather.
‘We can dry them off when we get back. I’m sure the horses would love it. It would cool them down. It’s been so hot lately,’ I announced as I leapt up from the floor.
Delyth looked at me with her large blue eyes and sarcastic disposition. She didn’t have to say anything, as I could tell by her expression that I should give up on the idea, so that’s exactly what I did. My plan backfired so I went back to thinking about the unknown as I sat in the chair, covered in blankets. It was difficult to get comfortable and after a few twists, I found myself facing the window again to see the reflection of a lunatic looking for a moon. To me, the rock was a magnet and I watched the outside world as time dragged.
Ticking from the clock grew louder as my friends disappeared into the lounge room to watch television.
‘We’re going to put a movie on!’ called out Delyth. ‘Do you want to come and watch it with us?’
Feeling like a laugh, I decided to join them on viewing the comedy. Laughing would bring me back to reality and would also help to pass the time. I hoped the rain would stop and when the movie finished, I heard the silence. The water, hitting the tin roof, had vanished.
‘It’s not raining. We can go for our ride now.’ I was already at the window, watching the blue sky peering through the dirty cottonwool clouds.
‘It’s too muddy,’ stated Gwen, worried about her new jeans.
Delyth’s mother, Paige Putnick, walked in the door, rescuing me. I knew she wouldn’t care about getting dirty. I was practically another daughter to her as I spent so much time at her home. It was Gwen’s second home as well, but Paige was more like me. 
This adventurous woman spent her time helping to rescue mistreated animals. She was perfect for the job, as I couldn’t imagine anyone trying to get in her way. The strong body that hid underneath shabby clothing was overshadowed by her friendly smile but I had seen her provoked and witnessed her anger. Stomping her feet to get the mud from her boots, brought attention to the dirt in her short blonde hair, providing evidence that she had already been hard at work. 
Paige and her daughter were used to me being there and I had always felt welcome in their home. They kept me occupied as the Putnick family were always up to something, especially her husband Patrick, who was always coming and going. Their home was old and run down and a lot of things needed fixing as Patrick never finished what he started. 
It was a rare occasion, when I had witnessed him working. He had installed a new door in Delyth’s bedroom and we had held our breath when a new handle appeared. The screws were in his hand but his phone had rung and he had disappeared. Delyth had been told, he would get back to it later but he never did and Paige ended up trying to put it together. 
Walking over to her room, I noticed the hole in the door.
‘I don’t mind,’ said Delyth as she walked up behind me. 
I understood that there wasn’t a need for privacy as their home stood in the middle of twenty-five acres. And the only eyes who watched them were from the horses who came and went. Her mother was always busy manoeuvring the animals and I wondered if Delyth felt lonely by herself. Her mother could be gone for days at a time but loneliness, she assured me was something she never felt. Having the animals around her and knowing her father was only a phone call away, was all she needed to feel secure. 
My house was never empty. My mother was always there and still I felt lonely in the sterile environment and sometimes wondered if I was living with the right family. But then Gwen lived a similar life to mine and I knew that was why we got along so well. Her mother, Caron Jones, was another overprotective mother, another woman who wouldn’t buy her daughter a horse! The only difference was that Caron would have an answer to her daughter’s questions. When Gwen asked for a horse, her mother had an excuse as their house was on the side of a cliff and was no place for an animal to live. 
But Caron was very much like my mother, with her designer clothing and jewellery. The two friends had money and immaculate houses and it made me wonder how they ever became friends with Paige. She was their complete opposite, living in her cheap jeans, day after day. There was something that bonded their friendship, but I knew it couldn’t be horses as Caron and my mother would have been worried about breaking a nail.
Paige never told anyone where she was going, but when she came back with a truck full of horses, it was like receiving a gift. The animals never stayed for long and as we weren’t allowed to ask questions, we never got answers. We knew in a few days, there would be empty paddocks. It used to bother us as to where the horses went, but we knew better than to ask as Delyth’s mother was also silent when it came to certain questions.
Delyth’s mother looked at us as she threw bags filled with food, onto the bench. ‘Why aren’t you girls out riding?’
I smiled as I looked at the others.
‘I can’t believe you’re inside watching television when you could be outside having fun.’ Paige stood with her hands on her hips as I kept smiling.
Gwen knew she had to go outside. She looked at her jeans as she tied back her bleached blonde hair, thinking that it would be the last time the material would look new. After a few minutes outside, they would be ready for the wash. 
I laughed, as I couldn’t believe she would wear them to go riding but she had nowhere else to wear them. She was stuck, like me. Then the silver Audi pulled up in the driveway. Dread hit my stomach as I watched Caron step out of the passenger seat, dressed in her fitted suit. She was on a mission and as she answered her mobile phone, my mother got out. 
Chivonne Luna, dressed in a skirt and an orange jumper, pushed back her hair with copper highlights and revealed fingernails similar to daggers. They had been to the beauty parlour as my mother was radiant which was unusual as normally, it was exhaustion that emanated from her. I wondered if anything had changed but still my heart sank. She would turn up now that I could go for a ride. At times, I wondered if she was telepathic as she always showed up when I was ready to do something that would make me happy. 
Gwen might have felt relieved for them to rescue her jeans, but I was distraught at the thought of going home. I wondered if Paige would adopt me. I was sure my mother wouldn’t mind. Sometimes I felt that Chivonne regretted having a child as she could barely stand to look at me. On occasions, I had noticed her staring at me, only to then go running off to her bedroom in tears. If she hated me, I would rather she told me so I could ask Paige if I could live with her. I knew Delyth would love to have me for a sister.
The closer I got to sixteen, the worse my mother became. The one thing I knew, was when I turned sixteen, I would be asking her upfront if she wanted me because if she didn’t, I planned on asking if I could live with Delyth.
‘Please ask them to stay for a drink,’ I begged Paige.
‘Alright, alright,’ she said, knowing I wanted to ride a horse. ‘You better go out the back because they’re nearly at the front door.’
Out the window, I could see them taking their final steps to the entry. Caron greeted us with her cheeky grin and I turned to leave but I was too late.
Chivonne was calling me, ‘Rhianon, don’t get any ideas about going outside!’
‘Why?’
‘Because, we have to go soon.’
‘Why don’t I put the kettle on?’ interrupted Paige. ‘You can stay for a cup of coffee.’
Caron shook her head, ruffling her layered hair. ‘No, we have to go.’
Paige said nothing in my defence. Why didn’t she suggest for me to stay for the night? Gwen and I stayed silent as we walked to the car and as Delyth walked to the stables, the three mothers spoke in whispers.
‘Why don’t you come and stay with me tonight or do you want me to stay at your place?’ asked Gwen, feeling the boredom of being at home escalating.
‘What’s the use? She’ll just say no,’ I answered. 
I couldn’t wait for the day to have it out with my mother. I was going to make her tell me what was on her mind, and I knew exactly how I was going to do it. She was not going to like it, but I was going to have a birthday party and invite everyone I knew from school. If she didn’t want me, then she was really going to want me out of her life after I confronted her in front of everyone. My mother didn’t get angry, and that could have been part of the problem. I needed to make her irritated enough to spit it out.
In the distance, thunder rumbled again as the clouds prepared to brew up another storm. The blue sky slowly disappeared as my mother stood in the doorway, talking. I blamed her for the weather as a gust of wind blew into the house, slamming the front door shut. Desperately I wanted to yell at her for not closing the door but I couldn’t. I would have to wait as the storm outside was nothing compared to the one that would be coming up between my mother and I!



