Vesuvian Starlight
By Jose Rodriguez Jr
Cover by Tatiana Villa at villatat@gmail.com

Copyright 2013 Jose Rodriguez Jr

 License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

~~~~

TABLE OF CONTENTS

CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHAPTER TWELVE
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
CHAPTER NINETEEN
CHAPTER TWENTY
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

~~~~
CHAPTER ONE

The devastation of New Haven grew more visible with the rising sun. Fires from dozens of buildings threw up clouds of smoke that cast a shadow over the city.
Soldiers worked tirelessly to put out the fires, help comrades, and search for enemy stragglers.
The docks were just as busy with civilians being evacuated as more soldiers and supplies arrived.
Many of New Haven’s more stubborn residents, choosing to stay, did what they could to help their fellow humans. Farmers handed out food, carpenters, and smiths assisted with the repairs, and physicians patched up the wounded.
In one of the many alleys being used to temporarily store the dead, Sara was grieving over the body of her former mentor, Arthur. Her good friend, Richard, stood a short distance away.
After a moment, Sara wiped her tears and began walking slowly towards the Citadel.
“You hanging in there?” Richard asked as he followed beside her.
So preoccupied with her thoughts, Sara almost didn't hear the question. It was bad enough Arthur was dead. Only minutes ago a bright plume of light from the forest told her something happened to her Vesuvian friend, Leon.
Richard could see the stress in Sara's eyes as she spoke. “Things keep going from bad to worse. Have you ever felt so powerless to do anything? Like no matter what you do, it means nothing.”
“I can't say that I haven't,” Richard answered. “It's horrible that we lost Arthur. I keep thinking if there was anything I could have done differently.”
Sara was suddenly stricken with the weight of deciding whether or not to tell her friend everything.
“Talk to me,” Richard said. “You look like you're either really terrified or very worried about something.”
Sara turned, taking a few steps before stopping again. “At any moment all of this could come to an end, and there's nothing we can do to stop it!”
Richard grabbed Sara by the arms as he checked to make sure no one else was in the alley. “Relax, will you? Just slow down and tell me what you're talking about.”
If Richard hadn’t been holding Sara, she might have collapsed to the ground in a heap of depression. “I saw it,” she said. “The shadow seed. It can wipe us all out at any moment, and the only thing between it and us is a single Vesuvian.”
“Shadow seed,” Richard said, “You mean that thing you said wouldn't work here?”
“I was wrong,” Sara said, composing herself. “We all thought it wouldn't work here. The Pelasgians are just holding back. They need Leon to join them because light doesn't affect him.”
Richard had to think for a moment before any of it sank in. “I'm just thinking out loud here, but what if he joined them? Would the Pelasgians stop?”
Sara gave a weak shrug. “Your guess is as good as mine. Right now, he's the only thing stopping them. They’re only here to make us suffer, to pressure him.”
“Alright,” Richard said, beginning to wish Sara hadn't told him about the shadow seed. “Let's take this one step at a time. Besides, there isn't much we can do right now. The soldiers have everything under control here.”
“But--” Sara started.
“No,” Richard insisted. “When we get back, clean yourself up and get some rest. I'll go tell the Consular and the Marshal what you said, and we'll go from there. Okay?”
Sara nodded. “A hot bath sounds very good right now. I'm sorry I had to tell you all that. I'm starting to see why Leon didn't want to say anything.”
Richard pulled Sara in for a hug. “Try not to worry,” he said. “If there's a way to stop this, we'll find it.”
Exiting the alley, both continued the long walk through the city until they were inside the Citadel. In the vestibule, they could still hear what was going on throughout New Haven. 
“Before I forget,” Richard said. “Your room was moved to the top floor a few days ago. Room one seventeen.”
A mixed look of confusion and agitation came across Sara's face. “Top floor? I thought that was reserved for officials?”
“You're an emissary to the Vesuvians,” Richard said, “I think that’s official enough.”
Sara cringed. “But my stuff, I need to--”
“Don't worry,” Richard said. “They had a maid take care of all that.”
Sara shook her head in disapproval.
“Relax,” Richard smiled. “No one had much of a choice. Besides, they needed room for a new recruit. I don't think the poor guy knows what he got himself into.”
Sara began walking slowly towards one of the halls. “At least it's a bigger room,” she said, before awkwardly veering left when she realized she was going in the wrong direction.
Even as Sara traveled deeper into the Citadel, she could still hear all of the commotion going on outside like eerie echoes.
Going up the stairs, Sara's foot caught a step, causing her to fall forward. She barely stopped herself by throwing one arm out and landing on it. “Ouch...” she grunted.
After picking herself up and checking her elbow, Sara made it to the top floor and searched for her room. She found it near the end of the hall and entered.
The living room alone was five times bigger than her previous quarters, which didn't even have a living room. It had a high ceiling with a nice skylight. Several lamps and a fireplace lit the place up nicely. In the corner to one side was a table for four and along the wall was a couch with a coffee table.
Sara walked into the bedroom. The windows gave a nice view of the burning city. All of her belongings were placed around the bed and dresser. She began taking off her equipment, placing it on a small table in the corner before going into the bathroom and filling the tub with water.
As Sara waited, she sat on the bed staring down at Arthur’s equinox. Tears fell in remembrance of the time she spent training with him.
When the bath was ready, Sara got in and continued to run through everything she had experienced recently. ‘What’s the point?’ she thought, thinking at that moment there could be a shadow seed right outside her room or halfway around the world, and there she was in the bath. How could anyone be so cruel?
Losing track of time, Sara replayed the scenario over and over in her head. What would she do? What could she do? She almost fell asleep thinking about it.
There was one element each time that flashed through Sara’s mind as she lamented the end of the world, a factor that became harder and harder to ignore. ‘Leon.’ she thought, opening her eyes.
Sara got out of the tub and quickly put clothes on. When she stepped into the bedroom something didn’t feel right, but being in a hurry, she didn’t think much of it. She continued on to the living room, where somebody dropped down from the ceiling, landing in front of her.
Sara jumped back startled and getting a good look at the Vesuvian standing in front of her. “Hey, I know you,” she said, taking a moment before remembering Carl, the Vesuvian that stopped her and Leon when she first arrived in Vesuvia.
Another Vesuvian male, Olen, dropped down behind Carl. Two females, Jasmin and Lidia, fell behind Sara, who suddenly got the impression they weren’t friendly.
“Do you like teasing people, or something?” Carl asked.
Sara tensed up, thinking why she didn’t act on her gut feeling a moment ago, that something was wrong and to grab a weapon.
Carl continued. “I mean you stay in Rhea for days on end, spreading your sweet smell around for everyone to drool over.”
Sara looked back and forth between the Vesuvians. “Look, you guys don’t want to do this.”
“Then you’re offered to join Nibiru,” Carl snickered. “Which, you almost accepted.”
In a burst of panic, Sara tried running past Carl, but the Remian easily stopped her. “When Leon finds out –” she gasped.
“Leon is dead,” Carl smirked. “Or soon will be. Either way, he’s finished.”
Sara didn’t want to believe it, but the huge flash of light she’d seen coming from the forest earlier made her think Carl might be telling the truth.
“We’re not about to let you or Leon cut a deal and leave us out to dry,” Carl said, unsheathing his sword.
Sensing Jasmin trying to sneak up behind her, Sara delivered a nose-breaking elbow to the Vesuvian’s face. Before she could do anything else, Carl had her by the throat and tossed her hard against the wall.
Dazed by the impact, but still on her feet, the next thing Sara felt was cold steel running through her abdomen. The sight of Carl’s blade pinning her to the wall stunned her, and at first, there was a little pain, but that began to change really quickly.
“You are going to taste so good,” Carl said, leaning in to whisper into Sara’s ear. “Give Leon my regards.”
With no time to waste, Sara quickly sank her teeth into Carl’s neck and grabbed onto him as tightly as she could.
Taken completely by surprise, Carl wailed out in pain as he desperately tried to throw Sara off, but as she drank more of his blood, her grip only became stronger.
Olen and Jasmin jumped on top of Sara and managed to wrestle her off Carl.
Imbued with Remian strength and speed, Sara didn’t mind much having a jaw and shirt covered in blood. She easily broke free of the Vesuvians, punching Jasmin in the face and then grabbing Olen to toss through the fireplace.
Olen crashed into the guestroom next door, which was empty of people but still had plenty of things that caught on fire as he ran around in a panic to put out the flames that engulfed his body.
As Lidia tended Carl, Jasmin tackled Sara hard through the flaming hole in the wall and tried holding her down before being easily tossed aside.
“Get her…” Carl muttered as he searched his satchel for a blood marble.
Lidia hesitated a bit before dashing through the flames. On the other side, she found Olen writhing in pain on the floor, and another hole in a wall leading to the bedroom, where she barely caught a glimpse of Sara and Jasmin fighting. The next thing she heard was a loud snap like the cracking of wood, and then the sound of a Vesuvian vaporizing into ash.
A moment later, Sara kicked the door in. Pretty much storming her way towards Lidia, she dodged the first punch Lidia threw and drove her hand into the Vesuvian’s chest, ripping out her heart.
As Sara crushed the still-beating heart in her hand and put her boot through Olen’s head. The smoke and heat from the growing fire were beginning to get to her. She turned to find Carl’s fist slam into her face, sending her into the wall.
“That was quite careless of me,” Carl said. “And quite clever of you.”
Sara pushed herself off the wall. Running at Carl, her first punch missed, the second glanced the side of the Vesuvian’s head.
Carl moved at a speed that no human could keep up with. If it weren’t for being infused with his blood, Sara would have easily been overwhelmed.
Both fighters pelted each other with fists, as the fire around them grew bigger.
Sara used both hands to snap Carl’s arm when he threw a left hook. She thought it was her chance to finish him off, but as she released her grip, his arm instantly healed.
Carl rammed his shoulder into Sara, knocking her through another wall. “Idiot. Still thinking like a human.”
Sara recovered quickly. She could sense the Vesuvian blood in her rapidly dwindling away.
Hearing the sound of footsteps making their way up the stairs, Sara knew she needed to end the fight quickly.
Carl dashed in, swiping away with his sword. The blade would have slashed Sara’s neck if she hadn’t leaned back in time.
Anticipating the next swing of Carl’s sword, Sara easily evaded the attack and snatched him by the wrist. With one pull and a twist, she flipped Carl over on his back. Still holding his wrist, Sara cranked it hard to make the Vesuvian pierce his own heart.
Just as Carl burned away to nothing, Richard and several others kicked in the door to Sara’s room. “Sara!” he called.
“Over here,” Sara shot back, stepping out of the room two doors down.
When Richard saw Sara the sight of all the blood on her shocked him. “What happened?”
Sara didn’t think twice about her answer. “Pelasgians,” she said lying. “I don’t know what they wanted, but I took care of them.”
Richard turned to the other men. “Put this fire out now,” he ordered.
Sara avoided eye contact with Richard, afraid he would notice something different about her. She could still feel some of the Vesuvian blood coursing through her body. “Let me get my stuff really quick,” she said, making sure to not push Richard aside too hard.
“How did the Pelasgians get in?” Richard asked, following Sara as she scrambled around for her equipment.
“They…used a portal,” Sara answered, running out of the room as she put her gear on. “Richard, we need to leave right away. We have to find Leon.”
“You want to go to Vesuvia?” Richard asked. “We can’t leave just like that. If we run off without telling anyone we could –”
“We can’t waste that kind of time,” Sara insisted. “Please, you have to trust me. Nothing is more important than finding Leon. He’s the only one who can save us.”
CHAPTER TWO

‘Why didn’t I bring any blood marbles?’ Leon thought. ‘I can easily fit twenty in my satchel.’ He was beginning to wonder if his complacency was a result of nature or his ego.
Sitting propped against a tree, Leon wearily glanced around the forest trying to get his bearings, but with almost no blood in his system, he might as well have been drunk in a foreign landscape. His breathing randomly shifted from deep to shallow, and he could barely make out anything further than twenty feet away. Directly ahead all he could see was a grouping of trees and the rays of light piercing through the canopy.
‘Light,’ Leon thought. ‘That’s how I wound up here like this.’
Only a few short hours ago he was confronted by Vesuvians bent on killing him. The only reason he managed to escape was because of his ability to generate light from his blood, which drained him of nearly everything he had.
A rustling sound from the left caught his attention. It took him a few seconds to figure out that the moving blur was just a grazing deer.
Leon had to use the tree to lean on as he struggled to his feet. The sounds bombarding him from all directions were muffled. If someone or something was around making noise it was impossible to distinguish it.
Normally his senses could be so powerful he could easily detect any living creature within a hundred feet.
Looking down, the ground resembled a watercolor painting of greens, browns, and black.
When Leon let go of the tree to take a step forward, he staggered wildly and almost fell before catching himself on another tree.
‘This is gonna take forever.’ Leon thought. To the side, he could see the slope of the gorge he’d fallen into. ‘There’s no way I can climb this.’
Leon hugged the tree as he fell to his knees. ‘There has to be a way out of this,’ he thought. ‘I swear if I make it through this I’ll carry more blood marbles.’
A loud thump nearby startled him. In his condition, it was impossible to tell where it came from. All he could think to do was hold onto the tree and not make the slightest move or sound.
After a few seconds, there was some more muffled rustling close by behind him. He wanted so badly look, but he knew he wouldn’t be able to make out anything.
Waiting until he was comfortable with the thought that it was probably something harmless, Leon slowly got down on all fours and began crawling.
Hoping for the best, he hadn’t gone five feet when he suddenly felt something bite down on his leg.
Leon instantly tried to turn as he kicked at his attacker.
Although his senses were dulled, Leon knew it was a tetra, or what Sara called a ‘gremlin’. While he desperately continued to kick away, another tetra ran in and bit down on his left arm.
Leon struggled as wildly as he could. When a tetra made the mistake of trying to hold his head down with its hand across his face, he bit down hard. In an instant, the tetra’s blood filled Leon with much-needed energy and strength. He twisted his body, grabbing both animals to hold them down and continue sucking their blood out.
Both tetras struggled ferociously to get away, but it was too late.
It only took a few seconds for Leon to drain one of the tetras before moving on to the other and nearly tearing it apart as he consumed all the blood. He was completely out of control, like a wild animal that hadn’t eaten in days.
Giving his wounds a second to heal, Leon could see and hear much better and took a moment to study the area a bit more. At least now he could stand on his own two feet and walk.
The smell of brimstone was in the air, usually a sign the Pelasgians were close by, but Leon knew that with the size of the invasion there was nowhere in Rhea one wouldn’t be able to smell the scent of burning sulfur.
Leon had a fairly good idea of where he was. There was only one gorge between Vesuvia and New Haven.
“I never saw an adult in the Frenzy,” a voice said.
Leon didn’t know the particular voice, but he could tell it belonged to an Orlok. “I’d be lying if I said I didn’t enjoy it,” he replied, looking around to find the hidden Vesuvian.
“Over here,” the Orlok said, appearing out of thin air a few feet away, resting against a tree in the shade. “For a second there I thought those tetras were going to rip you a new one.”
“Thanks for the assist,” Leon said, walking towards the Orlok.
“My names Barten,” he said. “Don’t get your knickers in a bunch. I had your back. Just didn’t want to accidentally get hit with that fancy trick of yours. You know, the one where you go boom like you did a few hours ago. Sunlight ain’t good for my health.”
“Doesn’t look like you’re too worried about it now,” Leon said, holding his arms out at the fact the sun was out.
“As long as I stay in shade,” Barten shrugged. “I’m fine. This is one of my favorite spots actually. Love this canopy.”
Leon sighed. “You wouldn’t happen to have a blood marble would you?”
“Sorry,” Barten said, pulling his pockets inside out. “I don’t have any on me, but Maddy should have some. She’s at the mouth of the cave, not far from here. I’ll show you.”
“So what are you doing out here?” Leon asked, walking with Barten.
“They put me and Maddy on guard duty,” Barten said. “Things are looking bad for us at Vesuvia. If it gets any worse, they’ll have to use the caves to escape the city.”
Leon began to feel a little dismayed. “Have the Pelasgians really been hitting us that hard?”
“You should have seen it,” Barten answered. “They were swarming all over the farmlands when they suddenly pushed all the way into the rural sections. Actually, we had to fall back, but then the Pelasgians stopped and retreated to the city’s outskirts.”
“What about the other Rheans?” Leon asked.
Barten answered, “We’ve been hearing all sorts of stories, but if you really wanna know, the Pelasgians hit everyone, all at the same time. A lot of the smaller cities fell. Most of the people are making a run for the capitals if they’re not dead. Siriso got banged up pretty bad, and it looks like the Pelasgians hit Tiamat with a new race.”
“A new race?” Leon asked.
“Caidoz, I think,” Barten answered, “We don’t know much about them, but they’re a nasty lot. They got abilities similar to the Khothu, and from what we’ve heard, they may be immortal.”
“That’s definitely not good,” Leon said. “I hope the Khothu are okay. Sounds like the Pelasgians are trying to keep everyone apart.”
Barten chuckled. “That’s what we thought too, but when the Pelasgians pulled back, they retreated everywhere. Now they’re piling up at Vesuvia. We haven’t heard from the Fenrir, but the Khothu and Hegirans are on their way right now to link up with us.”
Leon didn’t say anything for a moment. He suddenly remembered why a group of Vesuvians wanted to turn him into a pile of ash, and Barten being an Orlok likely knew as well. Trying to be discrete, he slowed his pace to put just a little distance between himself and Barten.
“No need to be coy,” said Barten, looking back at Leon with a grin. “We Orlok…suspected you had some kind of ability involving sunlight. The issue with Nibiru is moot. Even if everyone had known, wouldn’t change a thing now.”
“Try telling that to the guys I just vaporized,” Leon said.
Barten laughed. “What did you expect? Lots of people don’t like the idea of facing something that can be considered worse than death, while you, on the other hand, don’t. Ah, here we are!”
Waiting at the entrance of the cave, Maddy watched as the two Vesuvians approached.
“Look what I found,” Barten said, pointing to Leon.
Maddy was surprised to see Leon. “Still alive?”
“I hope you’re not disappointed,” Leon said.
“Who me?” Maddy cackled. “I would hate to see anything bad happen to the vaunted Leon.”
Barten grabbed Maddy by the shoulder. “Blood marble, now!” he said, holding his hand out.
Maddy’s eyes darted around nervously. “But…I don’t have any.”
Barten suddenly began to shake Maddy. “Don’t lie to me wench! This is an emergency.”
“Fine,” Maddy cried, knocking Barten sideways with a swing of her arm. “But these are rare just so you know.”
The Orlok took a blood marble out of her satchel and handed it over.
“Elder blood,” Leon asked.
“I wish,” Maddy replied. “I got that from the farm. The Pelasgians made us dip into our rations already. I was lucky to get that. Smells like an ankylon, so it should put a little pep in your step.”
Leon ate the blood marble. Barten and Maddy almost instantly noticed a change in him as he became less pale and took on a more relaxed posture.
“Thanks,” Leon said. “You’re a life saver. Now I’m not too familiar with this particular cave. Does it lead to any of the main passages?”
Barten stepped further into the cave. “Yeah, but between here and there the system branches out a few times. It would be better if I take you.”
Maddy let out one of those attention-getting coughs. “Aren’t you going to tell him?”
Barten quickly stepped between Leon and Maddy, running his hand across his throat as he muttered. “Ixnay, Maddy,”
“But he should know,” Maddy said. “She’s his friend.”
Leon grabbed Barten. “You better start talking. If something’s happened to Sara I want to know about it.”
“You know how rumors are,” Barten whined.
“No, I don’t,” Leon scowled.
“All we heard was that a couple of sweet tooth may have gone after her,” Barten answered.
“When?” Leon asked.
“I don’t know,” said Barten. “I told you it’s just a rumor. C’mon, Leon, you can’t tell me you didn’t know about all the gossip going around. I’ve smelled a human here and there, and I’ll tell you right now she was sweet. How you resisted all that is beyond me.”
Leon released Barten and stepped outside. It would be hard to go on without knowing if Sara was safe.
Maddy stood by Leon. “If it’s true, then she’s already dead and there’s nothing you can do,” she said. “I’m sorry I said anything, but you should know now, rather than later when we might need you most.”
“She’s right, Leon,” Barten said. “Vesuvia is in terrible danger, and if you’re the only one that can save us then you’re gonna have to get over it quick. Besides, she could be fine for all we know. And if she isn’t, I promise you we’ll find out who is responsible.”
Leon stood at the entrance of the cave for several moments, contemplating. The Vesuvians were right, and he was certain of what Sara would want him to do. He stepped back into the cave. “Lead the way.”
CHAPTER THREE

It looked like it could start pouring at any moment. As a Leviathan, Gillan never minded the rain. His only concern was how much harder it could make the journey to Vesuvia. The army behind him would slow to a crawl if they had to deal with bad weather, and the poorly defined trail in the forest didn’t help either.
Gillan glanced back as he walked with Nasia. Caycee wasn’t too far behind chatting away with Melkor. He was happy to have them along, but a small part wished they had stayed in Tiamat. The thought of losing another friend worried him to no end.
“Thinking of Kamala, aren’t you?” Nasia asked.
Gillan turned, “I…yeah, I was. There’s a lot on my mind right now. I can’t help but wonder if I could have done something different, acted sooner. I can accept the fact that she’s gone, but it bothers me that you didn’t so much as flinch when I announced she passed away. In fact, you and the other Chiefs even knew beforehand, and from what I’m told, no funeral was held. So tell me why I’m the one who broke the news to Melkor?”
Nasia suddenly looked like a scared kid with a bad secret. “We heard about how Melkor reacted when you told him. We expected as much. Even Varak feared telling him of Kamala. To be honest, I only gave you a fifty-fifty chance. Jesca and Varak didn’t think you’d do it, and I’m not sure what Salacia thought.”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence,” Gillan said. “Reminds me of when I studied under you.”
Nasia laughed. “That’s right, who was it? You, Kamala and…”
“Perak,” Gillan reminded her.
“Ah, Perak,” Nasia said, “How could I forget?”
“I can imagine it’s easy when you get a new group every year,” Gillan said.
“Every time I think of you back then, I can’t help but smile,” Nasia said, beginning to laugh again. “I mean you really surprised me. So quiet, timid. I’ll never forget how Kamala teased you.”
“Or how Perak always played tricks on me,” Gillan added.
Nasia composed herself. “But you showed them, didn’t you? Showed everyone how loud and fierce you could be.”
If Gillan could, he’d have blushed. “Regrettably,”
“And they never took you for granted afterward,” Nasia said. “You know, no one ever passed my Trial by Fire the way you did. I still have a hard time believing you called up a storm that big.”
“Me too,” Gillan said, pleased with himself.
“Remember when Perak suspended you in a pillar of wind?” Nasia asked.
Gillan shook his head with embarrassment. “How could I forget? He and Kamala ran off to find you, and left me floating there for almost an hour.”
The crack of thunder startled Gillan. He could see the sky ahead appeared to be slightly darker with thicker clouds.
Nasia signaled the army to stop with a bright burst of fire from her wrists.
Gillan held one hand out, sensing the precipitation in the air. “We’ll be ok for two or three hours, but it’s gonna pour on us afterward, and we’re still a few days from Vesuvia.”
“Melkor,” Nasia called, waving for him to join her and Gillan.
With Caycee following, Melkor approached. “Yes, ma’am?”
“It looks like we’re in for some bad weather,” said Nasia. “The last thing we need is a run-in with the Pelasgians on the way to Vesuvia. Can you tell if there’s anything between us and the city?”
Melkor knelt down. “I can’t sense that far out, but I’ll see what I can find,” he said, placing one hand on the ground and closing his eyes.
With his ability to sense even small tremors in the earth, Melkor could detect the movement of creatures for miles around him. It was not without its flaws, however. What he could detect depended on distance and size of what it was he was sensing.
The Khothu army had come to a halt, but their presence was obvious. However, Melkor could filter and sort out the vibrations. In several directions, all he picked up was the movement of various animals.
“Anything?” Gillan asked.
“Nothing yet,” Melkor answered. “I’m still checking some odd ones.”
After a few more seconds Melkor stood. “Nothing out of the ordinary. Just a herd of ankylon, but they won’t be a problem.”
Nasia signaled the army to continue marching, using two bursts of fire.
“Caycee, how about you,” Gillan asked. “Do you sense anything unusual?”
Caycee shook her head. “I don’t sense any immediate danger. It’s a little more difficult to tell at my age. I’m good, but with a war going on I get a lot of anxiety when I try to get a feel for what’s happening.”
“Your age?” Melkor said. “I thought age only affected what abilities you have.”
“It depends on a few things,” Caycee explained. “We’re not like you guys. All you have to do is practice. With us, it’s a mix of blood, age, and practice. But of course, there are always exceptions.”
Melkor was confused. “So at any age, you only become so powerful until you get older?”
“Didn’t we teach you that to you in school?” Nasia asked.
“I must have been sick that day,” Melkor answered.
“Don’t worry,” Caycee smiled. “Just think of Vesuvians as fine wine. We get better with age.”
Gillan laughed. “Speaking of which, is it true? What alcohol does to you?”
“What did you hear?” Caycee asked.
“That you get all funny,” Gillan said. “And that you can’t use your powers.”
Nasia was a bit annoyed. “Didn’t we teach that also?”
“Oh come on,” Melkor said. “Give us a break. You have to admit much of it is a little confusing, or really confusing.”
Gillan nudged Melkor. “I didn’t really get the whole bit about their age either.”
Nasia scoffed. “You know, you two are starting to scare me here. I really hope it’s not as confusing as you say. I’m starting to wonder how we survived as a race.”
Melkor grinned. “I’ll attribute that to the sheer power and bravery of the Komodo.”
“Please,” Nasia said. “Make sure your children are aware of these important facts. It could mean the difference between life and death with our rivals.”
Gillan and Melkor suddenly turned to Caycee, who they thought might have taken offense to the comment.
Realizing what she said, Nasia was embarrassed. “I apologize, Caycee. ‘Rival’ is a strong word.”
“No worries,” Caycee assured. “Trust me, I know you didn’t mean anything bad.”
Melkor wrapped an arm around Gillan and jostled him a bit. “That’s right! The real rivalry is between the castes.”
“Yeah,” Gillan said as he slowly pulled Melkor’s hand off. “But just remember it’s a friendly rivalry.”
Caycee found the conversation amusing until she began to sense something was wrong. “Hey guys, hold on!” she said.
Nasia immediately brought the army to a halt.
“What is it?” Gillan asked.
“Gimme a second,” Caycee said. “There’s danger nearby. Melkor, use your powers again. Focus on the area northwest from here.”
Melkor touched the ground, focusing on the northwest. “I’m picking up two different sets of movement. One could definitely be a four-legged animal. The other one is strange, could be animals or…it could be a small group of people, maybe four of them. The movement stops and goes, aimless almost. It’s like they’re milling around in one spot.”
Gillan turned to Nasia. “We should check it out. I can take Melkor and Caycee. If it’s the Pelasgians, a small group could take them by surprise much easier than an army.”
“Agreed,” Nasia said.
In the next second Gillan, Melkor and Caycee ran ahead through the woods, sticking close to each other as they tried to avoid making any loud noise. After some traveling, they came to a sizeable stream and huddled at the tree line.
Caycee scanned the tree line on the opposite side.
“What do you think?” Gillan asked.
“I don’t sense any danger,” Caycee answered. “It should be safe. Let me go first.”
Gillan and Melkor watched as Caycee ran across the ankle-deep water to the other side. When she gave the signal, they followed.
“We’re getting close,” Caycee whispered.
Melkor touched the ground with his hand for a few moments. “Definitely someone out here,” he said. “I’m only picking up three. There could be more, but I can’t sense them if they’re not moving.”
“We go quietly then,” Gillan said.
However, Caycee quickly stopped the group. “No, there’s a danger we can’t see…”
Gillan was confused. “That’s why we’re looking isn’t it?”
“No,” Caycee said irritated. “It’s like we’re not supposed to…it’s like an ambush.”
“Ambush,” Melkor said, pulling his ax.
Caycee grabbed her bow and arrow. “Wait here,” she whispered.
“What?” Gillan said in disbelief.
“Wait!” Caycee grunted, focusing intensely on the forest ahead of her. Something was out there…waiting. The only question was could she find it before it found her. She moved very slowly between the trees with a look as though she was in a trance. Sensing danger directly ahead, she cautiously circled around.
Caycee’s sixth sense began going off like crazy. Hidden in the bushes, she peered past the vegetation, spotting two Centaurs standing guard next to a narrow pass. After placing an arrow into the ground, she prepped another with her bow and took aim.
With the Centaurs still unaware of her presence, Caycee released the arrow, striking one in the head, and before the other Centaur knew it, Caycee planted an arrow in his head as well.
Now sensing a lower level of danger, Caycee hurried back to Gillan and Melkor.
“So?” Gillan asked.
Caycee seemed doubtful. “Coast is clear I think…I mean, I’m sure,”
Once again, Melkor touched the ground. “I’m only picking up two now. This way,” he said.
When the trio found the Pelasgian scouting camp, they could see that there was a total of four; all Corinthians.
“You said there were only two,” Gillan whispered.
“That’s all I sensed,” Melkor hissed.
Neither man was ready when Caycee suddenly took aim and fired an arrow, killing one of the Pelasgians.
The remaining three Corinthians attempted to make a run for it when Melkor caused the earth around them to buckle.
Caycee fired another arrow, hitting a Corinthian in the neck. If she had wanted, she could have quickly killed the last two, though Gillan and Melkor wouldn’t have appreciated that.
Melkor caused the ground underneath one Pelasgian to open up just enough to fall through, and bury him.
As the last Corinthian made a desperate run at Gillan with a sword in hand, the Leviathan conjured a powerful stream of water that slammed the enemy into a tree with enough force to shatter bone.
Melkor grinned. “That was a nice little warm-up.”
“Don’t get carried away,” Gillan said. “There might be more around.”
Caycee, who was reaching out with her Siena senses, shook her head. “No, we’re good. There’s no more, at least not here.”
Melkor laughed. “Caycee, between you and me, I don’t think anyone can hide from us.”
CHAPTER FOUR

“So…does anyone have any real good ideas?” Denzso asked, sitting at the table with the rest of the Vesuvian Council.
The mood in the room was weary. Everyone almost appeared as though they were looking death in the face. If they weren’t sunk in their chair, they were resting against the table with their head in their hands.
Helen leered at the Remian. “You’re one to patronize, Denzso. You better remember you’re in the same boat as the rest of us, and as I recall, none of your plans are any better.”
“At least I have one,” Denzso said. “I should just take my soldiers and go ahead with it.”
“No,” Alexia ordered. “You’ll do no such thing.”
Denzso gritted his teeth. “Tell me who you are again, to tell me what to do with my House?”
Alexia looked down, staring blankly at the table. “You may do as you wish,” she said. “I fear that without more soldiers it will be all for naught. These Pelasgians toy with us, you know that. They can swarm the entire city right now if they choose to. This precious time is an opportunity to regain our strength. The Hegirans and Khothu are on their way as we speak. I believe it is best to await their arrival, and then we will be in a much better position to attack.”
As overbearing as he could be, somehow Denzso always felt humbled by Alexia. “Maybe you’re right, and I’m just an imprudent man. I hate sitting around, waiting for something to happen.”
Lowering a person’s blood pressure was one of Alexia’s more subtle abilities, and there was no way of knowing she was using it unless one looked her in the eyes to see them turn blood red. She often used it in fact, on Denzso.
“Strange,” Sagan said. “Pelasgian tactics are very unorthodox.”
“I agree,” Marus added. “They almost seem to act randomly, impulsive even. But why do I get the feeling that’s not the case.”
Sagan pointed at some of the tokens on a map spread across the table. “The city is practically surrounded, so there’s no route of escape through the valley, but we still have the option of using the Underground if needed.”
“Oy, Helen,” Gavin said. “You find anything useful in Sara’s head? Anything we can use against the Pelasgians?”
“Besides a weakness to sunlight, no,” Helen answered. “All we know for sure is the number of Pelasgians may be incredibly high, and that Nibiru can wipe us out on a whim.”
Jaren leaned forward, sighing as he held the sides of his head. “Leon is the key to all of this.”
“Please don’t mention that failure of a Vesuvian,” Denzso begged. “I knew creating him was a bad idea from the start.”
“No,” Jaren said. “If it weren’t for Leon, we would all be Pelasgian right now. I also have a deep feeling that he is the reason for the Pelasgian’s strange behavior. They do what they do because of him.”
Denzso looked at Jaren with an almost childish smile. “Funny, you didn’t have any of these ‘feelings’ before. Tell me, since you’re the eldest of the Siena House, what does your foresight predict now? Come on. Put that impeccable intuition to use. Tell us the future!”
Gavin had it. “Denzso, cool your blood, will ya?!”
“It’s nothing,” Jaren assured. He leaned back, rubbing his eyes tiredly. “Helen and I always had a hard time reading Leon, but I always sensed…something. You can chalk it up to Sagan’s blood for Leon being aloof.”
Denzso wasn’t so convinced. He stood up and slowly walked to one of the windows, where a raven was watching from the sill. “You know what I hate? Being as powerful as we are, and not being able to handle this ourselves.”
“I think we’re doing just fine,” Alexia said. “And I agree with Jaren. I think Leon may be our best bet in dealing with the Pelasgians, and Nibiru.”
Marus studied the map for several seconds. “Do we know how long until the Hegirans and Khothu arrive?”
“Three days, minimum,” Sagan answered.
“Three days,” Marus whispered disheartened. “There’s absolutely no way the Pelasgians are going to sit back for that long. I mean it’s obvious that they’re just building up their forces to easily overwhelm us. They already outnumber us eighteen-to-one.”
“Nineteen-to-one,” Sagan corrected. “But who’s counting?”
Marus sighed. “What about Lilith, is she going to help? She can at least let us use her portals like she did last time. Why haven’t we heard from her?”
“Probably because she has her own invasion to deal with,” Helen answered. “We’ve heard nothing since she recalled everyone to the Netherworld.”
Denzso returned to the table. “Very well, if we must face this alone, then so be it. Our biggest disadvantage right now is numbers.”
“What of Nibiru,” Jaren asked.
“At the moment he’s of no concern,” Denzso replied. “We also have no direct way to deal with him, so his army should be our primary concern. The one advantage we do have is the unique abilities of our Houses. If we counter the Pelasgians accordingly we can easily hold out for three days, even a month if we have to.”
“My boys can cover the sky,” Gavin said. “Problem is…only several hundred got their wings. The rest will have to work the ground.”
Helen turned to Jaren. “A hundred Liros are going to need a lot of help against a million Erinyes and griffins. Gavin, I’ll split my House in half and give you most of my elders. They should be quite helpful.”
Jaren didn’t have to use his special insight to know how important the air battle would be. “I’ll commit half of my archers to the Liro House as well, but they’ll only be useful if your men can get the enemy close enough.”
“Thank you, both of you,” Gavin said. “That’ll certainly make things easier for my boys.”
“The Doran House would be best kept in a support capacity,” Alexia said. “We can inflict heavy damage from a distance while enhancing the blood of the other Houses.”
The room fell silent as Denzso and Marus looked at one another, almost begrudgingly.
“You’ve got the best fighters,” Denzso admitted. “That, and with the strength and speed of my men, makes us the obvious choice for fighting at the front.”
“You’ll get no argument from me,” Marus said. “The only question is do we pair up our men, or simply throw them at the enemy?”
Denzso was confused. “Pair up?”
“It’s something I’ve actually seen the humans do,” Marus explained. “But we can do it better. Two people work in tandem with each other. One locks up with the enemy as the other moves in for an easy kill.”
“I take it you want my men to be the ones moving in for the ‘easy kill’?” Denzso asked.
Marus nodded. “Both our egos and pride aside, I think you’ll agree it’s a tactic that will conserve blood, and lives.”
“What of the Orlok?” Alexia asked.
Sagan winked. “We’ll be around.”
Everyone in the room was startled by the crackling sound of a portal opening near the table. After a few seconds, Arloff and Kamala emerged, with the portal closing behind them.
“A Promethean,” Gavin said surprised. “Never thought I’d see one of you guys in the Council’s chamber.”
Arloff looked around the room for a moment. “We have driven the Pelasgians from the Netherworld,” he said. “Lilith sends her deepest apologies for not being of any assistance earlier.”
Jaren quickly stood. “Apologies,” he laughed, running over to shake hands with Arloff and Kamala. “Don’t be ridiculous. No apology needed. We always knew you’d come. Any and I mean any help you can give us would be greatly appreciated.”
“Kamala,” Alexia called. “We heard of your unfortunate passing. On behalf of Vesuvia, you have our deepest gratitude for your sacrifice.”
“Um…yeah. No problem.” Kamala said, visibly uncomfortable as she glanced between her body and Arloff. “I think something’s wrong. I feel strange, kind of tingly.”
Arloff examined his hand. “It’s the decay. You’ll get used to it. After a few days your body will completely break down and you’ll have to return to the Netherworld.”
The thought of slowly falling apart didn’t sit too well with Kamala. “Oh, right. Got it.”
“Join us,” Marus said, pointing towards some empty chairs.
“Lilith has been monitoring the invasion,” Arloff said. “There are small pockets of Pelasgians strewn about the land, probably to hinder reinforcements.”
“Will she allow us to use her portals?” Alexia asked.
“She’ll do much more than that,” Kamala answered. “She’s ready to bring her entire army here to help stop the Pelasgians.”
The feeling of relief in the room was palpable.
“An army of the dead,” Jaren pondered. “That has to be a massive amount of people. It might be just what we need to turn this around.”
“I wouldn’t get my hopes up too high,” Arloff said. “Remember, your dead don’t possess the abilities they had when they were alive, and while we are many, our numbers still don’t match the Pelasgians.”
Gavin couldn’t hide his delight. “Yeah, and you still beat them, didn’t ya?”
“True,” Kamala said. “But we think there’s more to it.”
“How so?” Denzso asked.
“We can’t be too sure,” Kamala answered. “Their shadow seed wouldn’t work in the Netherworld, and we only managed to inflict heavy losses to the Pelasgians because we’re already dead. The only thing they could do was try to capture us. After that, it was either prison or forced labor.”
Marus was baffled. “That’s a rather extreme measure in terms of time and effort. Do you think they simply gave up on account of common sense?”
“Yes,” Arloff answered. “They must have realized it was pointless and decided to focus on Rhea. Even worse, Lilith now believes that if anything should happen to Rhea, the Netherworld will pay the price as well.”
CHAPTER FIVE

In the northern desert region of Rhea, the Hegiran army marched or sailed in a long, stretched-out column along the river. Those traveling by land rode on kalecs, in chariots or wagons. The boats were massive, several stories high, and propelled by wind and oar.
The river made all the difference in the world, cooling the area off just enough to make being out in the open bearable, but it was still plenty hot. Foliage that ran the length of the river did a fine job of concealing most of the sweltering desert on either side.
Nedim and Sayar rode together in a chariot near the front, with Sayar in control of the reins.
“Why do you worry?” Sayar asked.
“Sadi,” Nedim replied. “I never imagined the day I would have to leave her behind to face an enemy under such circumstances.”
“I wouldn’t worry,” Sayar said. “I don’t know Sadi personally, but I hear she’s a savvy Vizier. If she wasn’t so deep into politics, she’d be an Overseer in the army.”
“She still acts like an Overseer,” Nedim said, tightening the cloth wrappings around his arm. “If it was not for her, the Pelasgians would have completely overrun the southwestern corner of Siriso.”
“The two of you are to be married, yes?” Sayar asked.
Nedim nodded, though he didn’t look so confident. “A month from now, but I fear I may not live to see the end of the week. If something should happen to me -”
“Nonsense,” Sayar interrupted. “We shall crush the Pelasgians as we have before, and you will marry that beautiful Anubian woman in a grand ceremony all of Siriso will participate in.”
The thought of a wedding that big made Nedim giddy. “That would be something else, but while you’re at it, why not just say we’re going to invite all of Hegira?”
Sayar’s eyes lit up. “It would be a fitting way for everyone to celebrate. How did you two meet anyway?”
“Sadi and I have known each other since we were children in school,” Nedim answered. “Actually, I shouldn’t say ‘known’, rather we knew of each other. The first time we actually met was our first year at the academy. It may come as a surprise to you, but I couldn’t stand her, and I’m sure she felt the same about me.”
‘Surprise’ was an understatement. Sayar couldn’t wait to hear of it. “Really? Obviously, you were competing. She graduated top of her class if I’m not mistaken. That’s why she got to be Vizier. I remember. You ranked second, by one measly point!”
It wasn’t something many saw often, but the cocky look on Nedim’s face at that moment was telling.
Sayar’s imagination took off like an Anubian energy blast. “You…you let her win! Didn’t you?” he said, beginning to laugh, “You did. I know it.”
“Contemplate all you want,” Nedim said. “Sadi is a worthy adversary in any case.”
“You’ll get no argument from me,” Sayar said, looking to his side to see Janah in another chariot.
Nedim noticed Sayar’s demeanor quickly change, from jovial to a kind of depressed one. “It may be none of my business, but why is your relationship with Janah so…difficult?”
Sayar shook the reins a little. “Let’s just say that it’s not necessarily so much that I’m upset with her as I am with myself.”
“Now this I must hear,” Nedim declared.
Sayar said nothing at first. “She’s come a long way. A better fighter for sure, but she could be so much more. Her problem is that she just doesn’t want to take more responsibility. It scares her. I almost couldn’t believe it when I heard she was your Hazara.”
“She accepted the position quite readily,” Nedim said.
Sayar glanced again at Janah. “Yeah, but I’m willing to bet that’s only because we had Pelasgians knocking on our door. Give her a problem she can’t swing a sword at, or make her think she can’t win, and she’ll be the first to quit.”
“I have to disagree,” Nedim said. “Though I admit, I’ve seen some of what you speak of; she has indeed come a long way.”
“Perhaps,” Sayar conceded. “It seems you accomplished that which I failed to do, and to that, I congratulate you. Still, I wish she would have gone farther up in rank. She did well on the written tests, better than most. The field command training is where everything went downhill. She could have passed it, she just didn’t want to, and my inability to get her through it upset me more than anything.”
“Don’t be too hard on yourself,” Nedim said. “I don’t think anyone can push Janah into doing something she doesn’t want to.”
A loud horn from the lead boat suddenly blared with an Anubian onboard pointing ahead.
“We’ve got trouble,” Sayar said, shaking the reins to speed the chariot up.
Nedim signaled for several others to follow.
It wasn’t until Janah hopped off her chariot and ran towards the trees that Nedim and Sayar spotted what warranted the alarm.
Three Koiga with either red, yellow, or black patches, waited as the Hegirans approached.
With four Persians behind her, Janah stopped just shy of attacking. “What’s your business here?” she asked, as two Persians continued into the brush ahead.
The Koiga with black patches spoke. “My name is Vall, Commander of the Fourth Legion. Are you the leader?”
“No,” Janah answered. “But I can kill you just the same. Why haven’t you left Rhea, Koiga?”
Nedim and Sayar joined them before anyone else could say anything.
“State your business,” Nedim said.
Vall sighed. “Are you in charge?”
“I’m in charge,” Sayar answered.
“Oh,” Vall said, shaking his head a little with disappointment.
“This is Vall,” Janah said, sounding every bit as contemptuous as she meant to be. “Commander of the Fourth Legion,”
“I was really hoping an Anubian was in charge,” Vall said. “Persians can be so…”
“So what?” Sayar asked, placing a hand on the hilt of his sword.
“Disagreeable,” Vall replied. “I must insist that you turn this army around at once. I cannot allow you to proceed any further. Your only other option is to submit to Nibiru. Pledge your allegiance, and you may retain your free will.”
As Sayar began to pull his sword, Nedim quickly stopped him. “Wait,” Nedim said, before turning to Vall. “All this time, you, the Koiga, you’ve been in league with the Pelasgians?”
Vall took several steps back. “If you knew what they were capable of, I’m sure you would find it hard to stand against them.”
“Fool,” Nedim said. “I know exactly what they’re capable of. Our entire world is at stake here. I promise, whatever the Pelasgians have told you is a lie.”
“The Koiga have assurances,” Vall said. “Our race will continue while the rest of you march on mindlessly to the next unfortunate world that falls under Nibiru’s eyes.”
The Persians who had gone ahead into the brush, came running back. “Sir, Koiga army on the other side of the tree line, flanking us!” one said.
Sayar immediately turned to his army and let out a roar that could be heard for miles.
The Hegiran army immediately began to rumble with activity as soldiers equipped their weapons and fell into battle formation.
On the other side of the thin forest, the Fourth Legion of the Koiga army was ready to march forward and push the Hegirans into the river. 
Nedim was stunned by the horrible situation. He looked back and forth between his people and Vall.
“No one has to die here today,” Vall said. “All you have to do is turn around.”
“You dream,” Janah retorted.
Sayar then slowly approached Vall until they were almost nose-to-nose. “It’s a good day to die,” he snarled.
As he tried thinking of what to do next, Nedim noticed the cawing of a raven perched on a broken tree limb near the river, and had a feeling it wasn’t a coincidence that it was screaming for attention.
Praying he wasn’t grasping for straws, Nedim grabbed Sayar by the arm and motioned for the others to follow.
“What is it?” Sayar asked as the group came to within feet of the bird.
Nedim pointed to the raven which became silent and showed no fear as they drew close.
“That’s strange,” Janah said. “You don’t normally see these around here.”
Sayar pulled away from Nedim and grunted. “Has the heat gotten to you, man? Let me remind you there’s an army of Koiga on the other side of those trees.”
“Janah is right,” Nedim replied. “This is no ordinary bird. It is of the Netherworld. I know it.”
“Just because it’s a black bird –” Sayar began to say when an orange portal snapped into existence a short distance behind the raven.
Hurok came strolling through, followed by Rona, Doradus, and Stig.
Nedim sighed in relief. “Great timing,”
“We kicked the Pelasgians out of the Netherworld,” Hurok grinned. “Lilith was about to send us to Vesuvia when she saw the Koiga trying to be sneaky, using a Pelasgian portal to surround you.”
“No wonder we didn’t see them until it was too late,” Sayar said.
Nedim looked back. The Koiga were still standing in the same spot, waiting. “Hurok, we can’t afford a battle at this time. We have to get to Vesuvia soon, but if possible, we must take the opportunity to turn the table on the Pelasgians.”
“What did you have in mind?” Hurok asked.
After quickly explaining his plan, Nedim returned to Vall with Janah and Sayar.
“Come on, Anubian,” Vall said. “You’re smart enough to know you can’t win this.”
Nedim shook his head. “I understand why you would ally yourself with the Pelasgians. The idea of becoming a mindless puppet certainly doesn’t appeal to anyone here, but I tell you now, this isn’t the first time they’ve invaded our world. We have fought them before, and we defeated them.”
Vall’s eyes went wide. “No…impossible,”
“It’s true,” Nedim said. “Ask yourself, possessing such a weapon as the black sphere, what need could they possibly have of you?”
Vall remained silent, still not convinced.
“None whatsoever,” Nedim continued. “Don’t you think they would simply use it and avoid battle altogether?”
Vall was now confused, looking down as his eyes wandered from side to side.
A Koiga suddenly came running from the brush. “Commander, we’ve been outflanked!”
“What?!” Vall said in disbelief.
“Fenrir, thousands of them,” the Koiga explained. “They came out of portals just like the Pelasgians!”
Being in such a dominant position only a moment ago, Vall was stupefied by how everything had instantly unraveled. He couldn’t help but start giving what Nedim had said some serious consideration.
“Why fight the enemy if you can get them to fight each other?” Nedim asked.
“Was that the Pelasgians’ intention?” Vall replied.
Nedim held a friendly hand out to the Koiga. “It’s certainly demoralizing when we should be standing together.”
CHAPTER SIX

“I can’t believe I’m going to Vesuvia,” Richard said, following Sara at a quick pace through the forest. “Then again I never thought we’d be friends with them.”
“They’re really not that bad,” Sara said. “You’d be surprised at how much they’re like us.”
“Like us?” Richard said bewildered. “Sara, they drink blood for crying out loud.”
“Rich,” Sara began, “The only time you’ve ever dealt with them was when you were trying to stab one with your equinox.”
“Yeah,” Richard said, “Probably `cause they were trying to drink my blood.”
Sara paused, glancing at Richard as if he were a lost cause.
“Give me a break, I’m only teasing,” Richard said. “You know I’ll take your word over my past experience.”
Stoic at first, Sara suddenly broke into laughter. “You keep teasing and I’m gonna feed you to them myself.”
Richard was relieved to see his friend in better spirits, even if it was only for a moment. “It’s good to see you laugh,”
That’s when Sara realized she’d been in a high state of tension for the last few hours, and some friendly banter was what she needed. “Thanks, Rich.”
The trees gradually gave way to a cliff that dropped sharply for hundreds of feet into a valley. Even with the gloomy weather, the view was hauntingly beautiful as the sun tried to pierce the clouds that blanketed the sky.
Sara cautiously looked for the safest way down.
“Are you sure that little explosion of light came from Leon?” Richard asked.
“Trust me. It was him,” Sara said. “Just before we got back to New Haven he thought we were being followed. Someone must have been chasing him to go off course like this.”
Richard got back on his feet. “There’s a small trail a little north from here that leads into the valley and out the other side.”
“You’ve been out here before?” Sara asked.
“A few times, scouting,” Richard answered. “The only real dangerous things down there are monkeys maybe. That and any bloodthirsty Vesuvians, but that’s about it. If we cut across and turn southeast, it’ll cut down the time to reach Vesuvia by a half-day.”
Sara stared at the valley hoping to see any sign of Leon, but with nothing obvious or out of the ordinary, she waved Richard on. “Lead the way.”
As she trailed slightly behind, Sara noticed Richard turn back for an instant as if to say something, but decided not to.
“What?” Sara asked.
“Uh…never mind,” Richard said a little uneasy.
Sara quickly moved up to walk beside him. “I hate when people hold out on me like that. What were you going to say? Come on, tell me.”
“I was just curious about the Vesuvians,” Richard said. “We haven’t had a chance to talk since this all started. In all seriousness, it’s very weird going from fighting to helping them. I was actually very worried about you, spending all that time with Vesuvians. What was it like?”
Taking a moment to think, Sara answered. “When I said they were a lot like us, I guess that was sort of an exaggeration. But Richard, they’re amazing.”
“Really,” Richard asked.
“Yeah,” Sara replied. “Wait till you see the city, absolutely massive. They’re sociable, kinda like us. I got along with them pretty well. Culture is another story, though. With all their power, they can be the most beautiful people, and at the same time the most terrifying. But did you know they drink alcohol?”
“No way,” Richard said surprised. “So blood isn’t the only thing on the menu.”
Sara almost giggled. “You should see what it does to them. The funniest thing I ever saw. Even a small amount messes them up to the point that they lose control of themselves.”
Richard grew excited at the thought. “That’s something I definitely need to see for myself. Maybe when this is all over I can pay a visit.”
“You should,” Sara said. “I’m sure we’ll have a much better relationship with all the Rheans if we make it out of this alive.”
Richard found the trail and began the long descent. “What about Leon?” he casually asked.
Though it wasn’t a casual question; not for Sara. “What about him?” she replied.
“Well I’m sure you two spent a lot of time together,” Richard said. “He seemed concerned for you when he had to leave last night.”
Thinking Richard was trying to get personal, Sara began to wish she hadn’t pressed him into talking.
“I don’t know,” Sara said. “He’s different. I mean literally. No weakness to sunlight, or anything else for that matter. He has abilities a Vesuvian his age shouldn’t have, but that’s because he was created –”
“Sara,” Richard said, making her pause. “I was only asking if he’s a nice guy. Don’t get me wrong, but we did come all the way out here just to find him. It’s a big risk, and I just hope he’s worth it.”
Sara relaxed a little, knowing her friend wasn’t trying to pry. “I think you two would be friends. You’ll like him once you get to know him.”
“Maybe,” Richard said. He noticed Sara’s uneasiness when the topic of Leon came up. “You really are worried about him, aren’t you?”
Sara slightly recoiled. “So much depends on Leon, and his own people hate him for it. It was bad enough before his little secret got out. He wants to protect everyone, but he just doesn’t know how. Who does?”
The sound of twigs snapping a few yards behind Sara and Richard caught their attention. Both quickly took cover behind the trees and waited.
As whatever it was drew closer, Sara and Richard readied their weapons. It was hard to see because it was avoiding the trail.
Sara caught glimpses of a hooded figure moving. When it began passing through the bush directly beside her she leaped toward it, raising a talon to his neck. “Thomas?!”
The Elite stood frozen with an expression of utter shock.
“I told you to stick to the trail,” Jacob said as he came from behind Thomas. “See, now you’re embarrassed.”
William then emerged from the bush behind Jacob. “Oh man, for an Elite, you suck.”
Thomas’ expression turned to agitation. “Care to explain yourself?” he asked, backing away from Sara.
“Sir, we didn’t have time to inform the Consular,” Sara said.
Thomas pushed past the brush onto the trail. “You know it’s against the rules to go off on your own like this.”
Sara didn’t want to argue with an Elite, but she had to stand her ground. “If we’d gone by the book, we would still be sitting in the Citadel waiting for orders.”
“Come on Thomas,” Richard pleaded. “You’re an Elite, the Consular will make an exception for you.”
“Save your breath,” Thomas said. “I didn’t come here to take you back.”
Sara and Richard looked at one another with some surprise.
“You’ll help us then?” Sara asked.
Thomas glanced at Arthur’s equinox. “Call it one last favor for an old Ranger.”
Sara cracked a smile in appreciation.
Without further word, they continued along the trail. Jacob took point a few yards ahead, with William bringing up the rear.
“Do you know what the army has planned?” Richard asked.
“No idea,” Thomas replied. “There was talk of a counterattack, but no one can locate the Pelasgians.”
“The Pelasgians must be going to Vesuvia,” Sara said. “I can’t think of any other place they would go. I’d be willing to bet all of their attacks were part of some strategy to keep the other races from Vesuvia. If our army still thinks the Pelasgian are still a threat, they won’t leave New Haven to help the Rheans.”
“I thought the Pelasgians had a large army, though,” said Richard. “Why stop the attacks? If they’re trying to keep us from joining forces, it’s kinda dumb to let up.”
Coming to the only conclusion she could draw, Sara shuddered. “The shadow seed. Nibiru must be planning to assimilate us no matter what. And if that’s the case, it doesn’t matter if the Rhean armies join together.”
“I suppose that makes sense,” Richard said. “But if he gets what he wants, why not just let us be?”
Sara’s pace slowed to a crawl as she began to remember her time with Nibiru. “If you are attacked, you defend yourself…” she whispered. “A journey to right a wrong,”
“What was that?” Thomas asked.
“It’s what Nibiru said,” Sara answered. “He doesn’t want to step into the light. He wants to destroy it, send everything into darkness.”
Richard felt the hairs on the back of his neck sticking straight out. The thought of being transformed into a Pelasgian was scary.
“What a surprise,” said a disembodied voice, startling Sara and the others. “Thought you might be dead.”
Thomas whistled to call Jacob back as William caught up.
“Up here,” Barten said, appearing on a branch hanging over the trail.
Sara almost instantly spotted the Vesuvian. “An Orlok, thank goodness. We’re looking for Leon. Have you seen him by any chance?”
“You just missed him,” Barten replied. “He’s headed back to Vesuvia as we speak.”
“Then he is alive!” Sara said, overjoyed and relieved. “Thank goodness,”
Barten hopped down in front of the humans. “If he was dead I don’t think you and me would be standing here.”
“Got a point there,” said Sara. “Could we trouble you for an escort to Vesuvia?”
Richard immediately stepped between Sara and Barten. “Wait a second! Don’t get me wrong. I’d like to go to Vesuvia and all but, Sara, you just wanted to make sure Leon was alright. There’s no point in going all that way. Besides, it’ll take days to get there. The smart move is to go back and link up with our army.”
“I agree,” Thomas added. “The five of us won’t make any difference, and I’d hate to be in the way.”
“No,” Sara said. “You can’t think like that! The fight is at Vesuvia. That’s where we should be. I’m sorry guys, if you want to go back that’s fine, but I’m going.”
 The men all looked at one another as if to get a feel for what to do. Peer pressure at its best.
“I guess I’ll go too.” Richard finally said.
Jacob and William spoke almost simultaneously. “I’m in!”
Slumping a bit, Thomas obviously didn’t like the idea. “Whatever. It’ll probably be all over by the time we get there anyway.”
“Well today’s your lucky day,” Barten said with a clap of his hands. “It so happens we have a special on portals. No seriously, Lilith just gave us these birds like ten minutes ago. All you have to do is tell it where you want to go. Come on, I can take you. It’s just a hop and a skip to a cave this way.”
CHAPTER SEVEN

It was very dark and damp underground. Leon was thankful for his Vesuvian vision. Getting lost in the caves was a matter of not knowing what to look for.
Leon had missed the birds by only by minutes, now, he came to a split in the tunnels. Examining the entrance of one, he found five scratches along the wall. It was a sign of where it would lead.
Continuing down the tunnel, Leon eventually came across a section with some lit candles sitting in a small groove in the cave wall. The further he went, the more candles there were.
He came to another split, but this time, the entrances were covered by crude doors cut to fit. Going through one, it became clear Leon was now in the Orlok Underground. 
Much of it was naturally formed, with wide-open spaces interconnected by tunnels and lit by many candles.
Most having been carved out of the rock, every single dwelling and shop had a door like the one Leon had just come through. Some even had windows.
There were many Vesuvians of all the Houses loitering, mostly women, and children. It was strange to Leon because it was usually only Orloks down here. Not that the other Houses weren’t welcome, but it was obvious something big was going on.
Leon came upon a small group of Vesuvians talking near a shopping plaza. “What’s with all the people?” he asked.
An Orlok in the group spoke. “We’re debating whether or not to evac the civies here. There’s no telling what’s going to happen up there, and I keep telling these guys if the Pelasgians find this place it’s all over. They’ll use their portals to swarm the Underground in no time.”
“Do it,” Leon said. “Split everyone into groups and take different routes just to be on the safe side.”
“Safe side?” a Remian mocked. “We all know about the shadow seed, Leon. There is no safe!”
In the blink of an eye, Leon grabbed the Remian by the neck. “Then you should know they haven’t used it because of me,” he said, releasing his hold.
“He’s right,” the Orlok said, stepping in front of the Remian. “Let’s move and get these people out of here while we still can.”
The Vesuvians went off in different directions, gathering people as quickly as they could.
Knowing exactly where he was now, Leon made his way through a sea of people going the opposite way. It was a little frustrating with many in panic and trying to get away. At one point he came to a tunnel with so many people coming out, there was no way for him to get through.
“Leon, this way,” an Orlok shouted from a ledge just overhead.
A narrow path led Leon up to the Orlok, where he found another tunnel. It was slightly smaller than the one below and empty of people.
“Thanks,” Leon said as he hurried through.
As he ran down the tunnel, Leon could hear all the commotion by everyone scrambling to get out. At a random spot, the tunnel opened up to a walkway where he could look down and see what was going on.
The walkway led to another tunnel going slightly up where Leon found another Orlok; this one sitting on the floor, in the dark, with his knees toward his chest and rocking slightly back and forth.
“Oh, you’re here!” the Orlok said, jumping to his feet. “I thought you’d never show.”
“I hope you have good news,” Leon said, before noticing this was no ordinary Vesuvian.
There were obvious signs he was ‘dead’; flakey skin, pale-colored eyes, and a faint, but distinct, smell that would only get worse over time.
“What does Lilith need now?” Leon asked.
The Orlok snapped his fingers, and in that instant, a portal opened between him and Leon. “Nothing,” he said. “But she did want me to tell you ‘good luck.”
Leon gave the Orlok a quick pat on the shoulder before stepping through. The next thing he knew, he was standing in the streets of Vesuvia, next to the Council Building.
The streets were noticeably empty. Vesuvians stood guard at numerous corners and inside the buildings.
Leon could hear the sound of battle in the distance. He could tell they were just small skirmishes. There wasn’t enough clanging of swords or screams of death to be the ‘big one’.
Vesuvians standing at the main entrance of the Council Building opened its doors for Leon to pass. Security was heavier than usual. Aside from the standard Remian guard, Leon could sense Liros hiding in the shadows, and it was a certainty that Orloks were around as well.
Leon headed toward the lift expecting some kind of spiteful trouble. There were a few glances thrown his way, but surprisingly, no one got in his way. He entered the lift and went up to the top floor.
When he finally reached the Council’s chamber and stepped out, the first thing he noticed was Nibiru standing before the Council.
“Leon,” Nibiru called. “Perfect timing,”
“I must be dreaming,” Leon said pulling his sword out and standing in place, ready to fight.
Everyone on the Council was standing together on one side of the table opposite of Nibiru. It was clear they hadn’t been expecting the Pelasgian leader.
Nibiru invitingly pulled a chair. “Leon, have a seat, please. We were just talking about a way to end this war.”
“You know I won’t join you,” Leon said. “You’re wasting your breath here.”
Denzso stepped forward. “He wants us to create another…you.”
“What do you think?” Nibiru asked, smiling like a shopkeeper pushing hard for the sale.
But Leon wasn’t buying. “I’ll think about it,”
“Come on now,” Nibiru said. “I get what I need, and you get to stay as you are.”
Leon casually walked towards the Council. “You don’t need anything. Nearly every single Vesuvian who’s ever lived has never seen daylight, and you don’t see them complaining. If they can manage, so can you.”
 Nibiru clenched his fists as his show-stopping smile degenerated to a forced one. The only movement from him for the next few seconds was his eyes following Leon.
“You’re not going to get what you want,” Leon said. “Not this time. Maybe fighting is hopeless. Maybe we’ll lose. But in the end, you’ll still be hiding in the dark.”
Struggling to find words, Nibiru’s gaze slowly wandered around the room.
If ever Leon saw a person who looked like they were about to break into a mad hysteria, it would have been Nibiru at that moment.
Instead, Nibiru groaned. “I just…why does this have to be so difficult?”
“Leon,” Sagan whispered. “I’m with you all the way, but I don’t think now’s the time to uh…tempt fate.”
“Your future is bleak!” Nibiru suddenly declared. “I tried to be civil…to save lives. My Pelasgians will attack, and attack, and attack until you’re all dead. It is inevitable. Long-lasting as you may be, I am truly eternal. None of you can possibly fathom the nightmare I can unleash upon you. And mark my words. You will all truly suffer before the end, especially you, Leon.”
A moment of silence filled the air. Most of the Council was terrified. Leon, not so much, but even he was a little disturbed by Nibiru’s emotional response.
“Perhaps a little motivation is required,” Nibiru said, before teleporting away in an inky mist.
Nervously looking at one another, the Council took their seats at the table. Most appeared distraught. Helen covered her mouth in an attempt to stop herself from hyperventilating, and for some reason, Jaren looked like he wanted to laugh the way a deranged person would when they know they’re about to die.
Denzso took a deep breath. “That was…interesting.”
“How long was he here?” Leon asked as he sat.
“Minutes,” Alexia answered. “He showed up out of nowhere.”
Sitting next to Helen, Marus took hold of her shaking hand. “Are you alright?”
Helen closed her eyes and slowly shook her head. “Nibiru…”
“You read his mind?” Sagan asked.
“It’s hard to describe,” Helen replied. “His mind…or rather, its mind is very powerful.”
“What do you mean by ‘it’,” Gavin asked. “Don’t tell me what we just saw wasn’t real.”
“Nibiru isn’t a he or she,” Helen replied. “Think of it as a powerful being capable of assuming different forms.” She stood, holding herself as she paced around the room. “I saw so many things I can’t even begin to explain. Our world…is only one of so many out there. So many Nibiru has destroyed.”
Leon quickly got up and stepped in front of Helen, grabbing her arms so she couldn’t avoid him. “What did you see?” he asked. “What is Nibiru planning?”
Helen’s eyes were a mix of sadness and fear. “I don’t know what Nibiru is going to do, but whatever it is, I have never felt so much…malevolence.”
The look on Jaren’s face was beginning to annoy Denzso. “Will you wipe that ridiculous smile off your face?”
Jaren’s expression barely changed. “Helen’s right you know. I felt the things she’s describing, terrible things. War. Suffering. Such emptiness and it was cold.  I wouldn't trust him.”
“Okay, Nibiru is bad. I get it,” Denzso said. “Didn’t either of you get anything useful out of him…or it?”
“I told you!” Helen snapped. “Nibiru’s mind is very powerful. I’m surprised I was able to read anything at all. It is almost as if it allowed, no, wanted me to do it. I didn’t sense that he’d break his word but I didn’t sense he’d keep it either.”
All eyes turned to Leon, looking for answers, though the only thing he could do was sit and lightly throw his hands up. “As long as Nibiru isn’t just a familiar, or some kind of avatar, maybe there’s a chance to beat him. Other than that, I’m open to suggestions.”
****
Nibiru’s view of the Shadow Realm from the balcony at the top of his tower let little escape his notice. He rested his hands on the railing going across, pondering Leon’s words. And the more he thought about it, the more he squeezed the railing, not realizing that he was crushing it.
A portal opened in the sky with Eris flying through and landing behind Nibiru.
“I’ve come as you requested,” Eris said with a slight bow of her head.
“Your whereabouts have been a concern to some,” Nibiru said. “Care to explain?”
Eris' wings slightly rose in agitation. “Have I not opened all of the portals asked of me?”
“You have, and I thank you for that,” Nibiru said, caressing Eris' face. “Shame, you can send your thoughts, but you can't read those of others. Perhaps I can entice a Vesuvian who can. It would be a nice ability to have.”
Beginning to worry Nibiru knew more than what he was letting on, Eris said nothing.
Nibiru began walking slowly in a circle around her. “Of all my Myrmidons, you're the only one I really need. Your portals have been a great help in my efforts to conquer the light.”
Eris was too afraid to look directly at Nibiru as he came around. “You know I travel between worlds, guiding those less able to fight. The ones you leave as fodder.”
“Yes,” Nibiru grinned. “The siege weapons aren't necessary, but I suppose it gives the women and children something to do.”
“Then why the accusations?” Eris asked, wrapping her wings around herself.
Nibiru ran his hands along Eris' body. “It was just something that was brought to my attention,” he said, walking back to the balcony. “Please, continue as you wish. All will be over shortly.”
Eris waited a moment before extending her wings in preparation to take off.
“Remember,” Nibiru said. “You’re a Myrmidon. Your free will and powers are gifts I allow you to keep. A mere thought from me is all it takes to send you into oblivion.”
CHAPTER EIGHT

In one of Vesuvia’s seemingly deserted streets, an orange portal opened, with Barten leading Sara and the men through.
Sara looked around to get her bearings. It was eerie to see the streets so empty. She could hear screams and the clanging of metal in the distance.
Barten took hold of Sara’s hand and shook it. “This is where I say don’t do anything you wouldn’t want to be caught doing if your mother walked in,” he said. “Especially if she’s an Orlok,”
“Thanks,” Sara replied. “I know the way from here.”
“Good luck,” Barten said as he stepped back through the portal.
Richard and the rest of the guys were awestruck by the size of the buildings around them.
“I heard Vesuvia was big,” Jacob said. “But this is something else.”
Sara could see the Council Building was right down the street. A Doran casually approached from behind, startling Thomas.
“Relax,” Sara said.
“I saw the Orlok bring you through the portal. Are you here for the Council?” the Doran asked.
“Yes,” Sara replied. “I guess we’ll need an escort.”
“Follow me then,” said the Doran.
As the group quickly made their way down the street, William looked to the side and caught a glimpse of a figure moving in the alleyway between the buildings. He didn’t think much of it. There was no reason to. After all, it was Vesuvia, and their silhouettes almost appeared to be Orlok. But there was something that sent a chill up his spine when he spotted a few of them. It wasn’t until he noticed they had scythe-like hands and feet that he freaked out. “What is that?”
By the time everyone else looked to see what William was talking about, the creatures leaped from the shadows towards them.
The Reapers had black, spindly human-like bodies with hands and feet ending in bony, two-foot-long scythes. They were the size of a tall human, but the scythes somehow made them look a tad bigger. Their faces were completely featureless; with no eyes, ears, nose, or mouth.
“Pelasgians!” the Doran said before being impaled through the heart by a Reaper and burning away to ashes.
Sara blocked a scythe with her talon and kicked the Reaper away as another closed in. As she dodged the next attack, she grabbed her halo and brought it down on the creature’s arm, severing it.
 The Reaper had trouble keeping its balance as it recoiled wildly in pain. But there was no time to relax for the humans as more Reapers emerged from the alley.
Several Vesuvians in the area came running to join the unfolding battle.
Jacob and William used their equinoxes to keep the creatures at a distance. It seemed almost impossible to get in close; the Reapers had good reach and were just plain scary looking, to say the least.
“Better think fast,” Jacob said, “They’re surrounding us.”
Richard deflected a Reaper’s attack with his equinox and countered by stabbing it in the head with his talon.
Thomas’ equinox was split in half when he tried blocking a scythe that managed to give him a good cut across his chest. It would have been fatal otherwise. Now having what amounted to two swords, he proved a surprisingly decent welder of dual weapons. Thomas hacked the Reaper’s head off and quickly slashed another across the face.
“Backup, backup,” William cried doing everything he could to keep from being separated from Jacob.
Richard did what he could to draw one Reaper’s attention, but three still closed in on his friends. Sara ran in chopping the leg off of one of the Reapers. This set the remaining two off in a furious attempt to get at the men.
Jacob and William dashed to opposite sides while countering the quick Reapers’ movements, and for several seconds there was a flurry of hacking and slashing before it was all over.
“Check that one,” Sara said, pointing to a Reaper lying motionless on the ground.
William stuck the dead Reaper through the skull with no reaction. “Looks dead to me,” he said.
“Thomas, are you okay?” Sara asked.
“I’ll be fine,” he responded. “Just a scratch.”
More Vesuvians came over and began examining the Reapers. A few gave the humans respectful nods of a job well done.
“Let’s go,” Sara said as she led the way. She only took three steps before hearing a quick stager behind her, and the men rushing over with concern to another. Someone was hurt bad, and she was afraid to see who it was.
William and Jacob held Richard tight as his legs slowly gave way.
“Easy Rich,” Jacob said. “Take it easy. Breathe.”
Sara had to force herself to turn around. Richard appeared calm, though he was bleeding profusely from the right side of his ribcage.
Thomas stood close to Sara. “That’s not good,” he whispered. “He’s not showing it, but he’s in a lot of pain and it’s only going to get worse. Bad thing is we can’t treat that kind of wound.”
Watching as her best friend lay dying right in front of her, Sara began to feel the hopelessness creep up on her.
“I don’t want to,” Thomas said. “But if you can’t, I’ll…end it.”
Sara was suddenly struck with the obvious choice when her eyes fell upon a Doran standing nearby. “Hey,” she yelled. “Help us!”
The Vesuvian hurried over. “What is it?”
Sara held her hand out and extended a talon. “My friend is dying.”
Taking a deep breath, the Doran offered his hand to Sara, wincing only slightly as she quickly stabbed him with her talon.
To her male counterparts’ surprise, Sara plunged the talon into Richard’s stomach and just as quickly withdrew it.
Thomas recoiled in disbelief. “What the…”
Writhing for a very brief moment in pain, Richard suddenly sat up. Everyone watched as parts of his hair began to turn red, much like the Doran whose blood was now in him. He looked around, at first confused, then…even more confused.
“What happened?” Richard asked, checking his side for the deep gash that was there seconds ago.
Thomas, Jacob, and William were in awe of their friend’s seemingly miraculous recovery.
“We have to move,” Sara said. “The end of the world isn’t going to wait.”
Richard easily got back to his feet and followed Sara closely while the others kept a short distance behind them.
“This is incredible,” Richard said, innately knowing all the capabilities of a powerful Doran soldier, just because of the Vesuvian blood coursing through his veins. “I was…dying, but now…how is this even possible?”
Not stopping, Sara answered, “Oh, come on now. This is Rhea. Anything is possible.”
“Yeah, but this,” Richard said, becoming a little excited. “I should be dead. Six feet under. Wormfood. But here I am, better than ever.”
Now at the doors of the Council Building, Sara turned to her rejuvenated friend. “Not to ruin any fantasies you may be having, but don’t get used to it. It’ll wear off eventually, and you’ll be back to good ol’ Richard.”
“Well that’s a relief,” William said. “I was starting to think our friendship was over.”
Thomas kept his distance. “Exactly how long does it take to wear off?”
“It depends on a few things,” Sara replied. “The amount of blood. How you use it. Who it came from.”
Richard almost looked disappointed. “Guess I better enjoy it while it lasts.”
Inside, the humans got very attentive stares from the Vesuvians heading straight for the lift, Sara didn’t notice. The men, especially Richard, were on high alert, certainly not comfortable being surrounded by former enemies.
“Step in,” Sara said, entering the lift. “Hold on to something if you want.”
When they reached the top floor, Sara was the first out. She immediately spotted Leon standing by as the Council bickered at their table.
Although Sara and Leon had somehow known, actually seeing the other alive was a huge relief.
The Council didn’t even notice the humans until Sagan looked over. “Gotta give it to the humans, they’re awfully fast for being slow.”
“Why am I not surprised,” Leon said, waving for the humans to join him.
“You know me,” Sara said, greeting several of the Council with a handshake. “I’m just full of surprises.”
“Your army is already here?” Gavin asked.
“No, sorry,” Sara answered. “But I imagine they’re on the way.”
“We sent out couriers with ravens less than an hour ago,” Alexia said. “The combined armies of Rhea should be arriving very soon.”
Sara sat at the table. “What’s going on?”
“Nibiru was here a short while ago,” Leon answered. “He proposed that we create a copy of me for him to assimilate.”
“Obviously you’re not going to do it,” Sara said. “Right?”
“Not exactly,” said Leon. “It might be a good idea,”
“What?” Sara said in shock. “You know better than anyone what will happen…”
“Relax,” Leon assured. “It’s not what you think. If we make this guy he’s going to be on our side, and he’s going to be one bad boy or girl, depending.”
Alexia stood and began walking around the table. “With my power over blood and much of it from the Council, I was able to create Leon. He is the only Vesuvian ever created in such a manner. At the time, we didn’t know what we were doing, but we were desperate and scared of the consequences. It pleases me to say that Leon was carefully crafted to be the Vesuvian we wanted, mostly. But, unfortunately, it wasn’t enough.”
Sara immediately felt the urge to jump in defense of her Vesuvian friend, though Leon was quick to discretely stop her.
Alexia stood next to Leon. “My biggest regret is holding back the power we should have bestowed upon you. Instead, our fear got the better of us.”
“How did you hold Leon back?” Sara asked.
“Think about it,” Sagan said. “Each Council member is around a thousand years old. Technically speaking, Leon is seven thousand years old, give or take a hundred years. A Vesuvian like that would be unimaginably powerful.”
Denzso scoffed. “There’s no way we were going to take that risk,”
“There was no way,” Marus said. “But now, I think it’s clear we have no choice.”
Alexia returned to her seat. “I agree. It’s too bad we can’t undo what we did to Leon, but we can start over. What we need to do is figure out the specifics, and try to guide our creation along those lines.”
“Definitely needs to be more powerful,” Gavin said. “I vote we hold nothing back this time.”
Denzso stood, leaning with his hands on the table. “Fine! But if that’s the route we’re going to take then we better keep this thing on a real tight leash.”
“That shouldn’t be a problem,” Jaren said. “I’m sure we can make it obedient as a dog.”
“It can be done,” Helen added. “Something so strong, there must be a tradeoff between power and control. The problem is determining what level, or degree, to set each one, and the margin for error is so small it makes me sick.”
“How so?” Sara asked.
Helen’s eyes went wide at the thought of trying to explain it. “Pretend you have a well. The bucket is at the top and you’re holding the rope. Now, you need to let go of that rope, and you can’t see how far down it goes. You don’t want to stop it too soon, but you also can’t let it go too far. The problem is that you don’t know how deep the well goes. So you can’t be sure of anything.”
The room was filled with doubt. Sara had never seen the Council so nervous, and all Leon could do was fidget with his fingers, though he seemed more bored than worried.
No one said or did anything until Thomas stepped forward. “Well, what are we waiting for?”
CHAPTER NINE

Denzso led the way down a flight of stairs to a much larger room. Statues depicting Vesuvian individuals with coffins in front of them lined the walls.
At the far end of the room was what at first appeared to be an oddly shaped table resting on a single protrusion from the floor. When Sara got closer she could see it was actually a basin, large enough for a person to lie down in. On a small table next to it was a knife with a serrated edge.
As everyone gathered around, Helen slightly staggered, placing one hand on her head. “We have company. Hegiran, Khothu, and human,”
“Reinforcements,” Sagan said, grabbing the knife and plunging it into his hand. Blood poured into the basin as he squeezed repeatedly. “About time they arrived. I’ll go and bring them up.” When he was done, Sagan handed the knife to Gavin before leaving.
“So, this is where you were born,” Sara said.
“Created,” Leon corrected. “But I’m not complaining. If we do this right, we may have a chance at beating Nibiru.”
The Council took turns adding their blood which slowly pooled at the center, mixing and almost seemed to be moving with a life of its own already.
Outside, the streets were quickly filling up with Hegiran, Khothu, and human soldiers. Vesuvians nearby had to help coordinate the rapid influx of bodies.
“Okay, your turn,” Marus said, handing the knife over to Leon.
“Me?” Leon curiously asked. “I thought you guys weren’t happy with me. Aren’t you worried what my blood will do to this thing?”
“Denzso has issues,” Marus replied. “Not me. I vote you in.”
“Me too,” Gavin quickly added.
Leon looked at the Council. They all seemed to be in agreement, even Denzso, albeit to a lesser degree. Stepping toward the basin, he held his hand out and stabbed it, twisting the knife for good measure. A decent amount of blood spilled from Leon’s hand by the time he was done.
“Good,” Alexia said. “This should do.”
Helen moved around the basin, directly opposite Alexia. “We both have our work cut out for us,” Helen said, “Writing this things mind is going to be tricky. I hope it doesn’t come out wanting to eat everyone.”
“Take your time,” Alexia said, as her eyes turned blood red. “With the power this one will possess it’ll certainly be able to do so if it chooses.”
Everyone else took several steps back to give the ladies some breathing room.
“Anyone got a name picked out for this thing?” Marus asked.
“I know,” Jaren said excitedly. “If it’s a guy, let’s call him Mr. Siena, and if it’s a girl, Ms. Siena.”
Denzso was ready to pull his hair out. “Are you kidding? You want to name it after your House?”
“Why not,” Jaren replied. “It sounds good and has a certain scary quality to it. Say ‘Mr. Nibiru, meet Mr. Siena’. I’ll bet those Pelasgians crap their pants when they hear that name.”
Slightly amused, Gavin and Marus shook their heads.
“I don’t think that’ll fly with the elders,” Marus said. “Better to keep politics out of this one. Let’s make it simple and just call it Vlad.”
“Done,” Denzso said before anyone could argue.
Alexia held her hand over the blood, which slowly began to bubble under her power. To her opposite, Helen stood, peering into the basin before closing her eyes.
“I’ll be right back,” Marus said. “I just remembered this thing is going to need clothes.”
Spreading itself across the bottom of the basin, the blood began swirling. With each passing moment, it bubbled more as if it were being cooked.
Sara moved in close to Leon, whispering. “This is completely crazy,”
“You’re telling me? I had to go through this,” Leon whispered back. “And let me tell you it’s no walk in the park,”
“That’s not what I meant,” Sara said. “I mean; don’t you care they’re making a copy of you?”
Leon gave the slightest of shrugs. “He won’t be exactly the same. There’ll be some differences here and there. Just watch, you’ll see,”
As the blood brewed more violently, the women began to show signs of stress. Alexia’s hand trembled uncontrollably, and Helen held on to the basin’s edge as her knees slightly buckled.
The blood began taking shape, with a head, torso, arms, and legs, writhing around as it became more developed and defined. Everyone was startled when it suddenly cried out with a low hiss, and then a loud screeching noise.
After a few more seconds, Alexia and Helen staggered and would have fallen to the ground had it not been for Leon and Denzso’s quick reaction to catch them.
“Do you need a marble,” Leon asked helping Helen back towards a coffin.
“I think I need two,” Helen answered.
Alexia was no better. Leon and Gavin handed them some blood marbles, and even after eating them, they appeared weak.
“It’ll take a moment,” Alexia said resting against the same coffin as Helen. “We should be fine.”
Sara looked on curious, as a deep breathing sound could be heard coming from the basin. As everyone else was minding Alexia and Helen, she took one step toward the basin before a monstrous-looking Vesuvian male sprang out of it, catching everyone by surprise.
Vlad stood well over six feet. His muscular body was pale, almost translucent, and had no hair whatsoever. His facial features resembled those of a typical Orlok; pointy ears, nose, and chin. Like those of a Liro in animal form, his eyes were completely black except the irises, which were blood red. But the one thing that stuck out most was the absence of a mouth.
Leon crossed his arms, seemingly half impressed. “I don’t remember jumping out all crazy like that. This guys got some pep.”
Gavin snickered. “Oy, Leon, looks like he took after Sagan.”
“Yeah,” Leon said. “I guess I should consider myself lucky.”
Jaren cautiously approached Vlad, careful to not make any sudden moves. “Is this a one-time deal or something, I mean he doesn’t have a mouth. How is he supposed to feed?”
Then, as if to answer, Vlad began opening his mouth, or rather, where his mouth would be slowly tore open, revealing two bloody rows of hideous fangs.
Needless to say, everyone in the room was a bit repulsed.
Showing no sign of pain, Vlad’s mouth sealed itself as he closed it and any blood that had run down was drawn back in.
“Well,” Jaren said. “I don’t think I’ll be forgetting that anytime soon.”
“So this is what a seven-thousand-year-old Vesuvian looks like?” Sara asked.
Alexia pulled herself away from the coffin. “Not necessarily. It’s a combination of ideas really. His looks are more the result of what features, or characteristics, Helen and I tried to instill. His mouth probably came out that way because of it.”
“A pure fighting machine,” Leon said. “No questions asked.”
“Good,” Denzso smirked.
Marus strolled into the room and quickly paused when he saw Vlad. “Whoa! I hope these fit,” he said, holding out the clothes he brought.
“All we have to do now is wait,” Leon said. “The only question is will Nibiru dance?”
“What do you mean?” Denzso asked.
“Nibiru is holding all the cards,” Leon replied. “He might just use his shadow seed if he feels he’s not going to get what he wants. Even if he does decide to fight, he can easily duck back into his Shadow Realm if he thinks he’s about to lose.”
“Lie,” Sara abruptly said. “Do whatever it takes to make Nibiru stay and fight, and make sure this guy here knows to finish him quick.”
Leon paced around the room. “If Nibiru is as desperate as I think he is, we should be able to goad him into a fight. That’s the trick. Nibiru has to believe he can get what he wants.”
“We have visitors,” Helen suddenly said. “They’re upstairs, waiting.”
Going back to Council chambers, Sara was happy to see some familiar faces. “Caycee,” she called. “How was it?”
“Tiamat,” Caycee said with some concern. “It’s beautiful, or it was until these crazy-looking people showed up and almost destroyed it.”
“New type of Pelasgian?” Nedim asked.
“No,” Gillan answered. “Worse. It’s a long story, but they may be able to help us.”
Escorted by several of his men, General Ward approached Thomas. “I believe the Consular was looking for you and Sara.”
“He’ll have to wait,” Richard said. “We had to be sure the best weapon we have against the Pelasgians wasn’t dead.”
“Very well,” Ward said. “I’m going to speak with the Rheans and see what we can come up with. You’re not part of the army, so do what you do best, but if something comes up I may have to call on you. Only about half of your people came with. The rest stayed in New Haven to defend from further attacks. Thomas, you’re the ranking Elite here. You’ll find your men with the army east of the city.”
“Do we have a plan of attack?” Thomas asked.
Ward shook his head. “Considering how you ran off the way you did, I don’t look forward to telling you or your people what to do. You guys operate on a different level. All I ask is that you make us look good, and kill as many of those things as you can.”
“Easy enough, sir,” Thomas said, giving a quick salute and then leaving with Jacob and William.
Sagan was excited by the sight of Vlad. “Is this our new boy? Handsome fellow, if I say so myself.”
Denzso laughed. “Only you would think that.”
“Forget the looks,” Gavin said. “I can’t wait to see what he can do. I hope he rips Nibiru a new one.”
Not sharing the other's concerns, Sagan hurried over to Vlad, prodding at him as though he were sizing him up. “Wanna take bets?” he asked.
“Bets,” Gavin repeated curiously.
“On how long the fight is gonna last,” Sagan grinned. “I give Nibiru two minutes.”
“Two minutes, eh,” Gavin said. “I say one.”
Janah gently pulled Sarah and Caycee aside. “So, notwithstanding the obvious, what’s new?”
Sara discreetly pointed at Vlad. “See that guy over there? That’s our ace in the hole.”
“Don’t tell me,” Caycee said. “The Council made another Leon?”
“Yeah,” Sara replied. “But this one is a lot more powerful. I guess they held back the first time. Funny, how it always takes a disaster to get something done right.”
“If at all,” Caycee added. “And you’re definitely right about his power. When I’m around other Vesuvians, there’s a certain kind of kinship. Heck, even with Leon at least I feel safe. Compared to this guy I feel like an ant.”
Marus came up behind Caycee without her noticing and said nothing as she continued to chat away. When Caycee was suddenly hit with a horrible feeling she shouldn’t turn around, she did so very slowly.
“Marus!” Caycee cried, quickly taking the necklace she’d stolen from him off and handing it over. “This thing is great. You know. I had to borrow it.”
Taking the necklace, Marus faked a smile. “I believe Neila wants to see you down by her pub,”
“Yeah,” Caycee sighed. “That’s…going to be fun,”
Sara spotted Leon standing alone, staring at his clone, Vlad. Deciding to join him, she asked, “So what’s it like having a brother?”
“I don’t know,” Leon answered. “He doesn’t look too playful.”
“No kidding,” Sara chuckled. “Looking at this guy, it makes me wonder. Did you ever mix it up with Nibiru? I mean I know you haven’t, but I’m asking why? You can beat him with your control over light.”
Leon looked at Sara and almost seemed to smile at the thought. “We both know what he’s capable of. The Council created me based on observations of the Myrmidons and thought it would be enough. They didn’t even know about Nibiru until Helen read your mind.”
“Would you fight him if you had to?” Sara asked.
“Of course I would,” Leon answered. “I’m not scared or anything. I just know I’d probably lose. Nibiru is too powerful. The only way I’d win is to outsmart him, and unfortunately, I haven’t been able to figure that out.”
Even with several conversations going on at once, everyone took notice of a low rumbling sound that began to fill the room.
Helen slowly walked over to a window. All she could see was Vesuvia, but she could read the minds of many who were out there. “It’s begun,”
CHAPTER TEN

Despite the short amount of time they had to prepare, the defenders managed to get a good mix of fighters from one another. Humans, Vesuvians, Khothu, and Hegiran all stood side by side. The incoming onslaught of Corinthians, Minotaurs, and Satyrs racing across the fields to greet them was rapidly filling their eyes.
Having already faced the enemy, some more than once, it was evident on their faces that emotions ranged from anger to fear, anticipation, or stoicism.
If it was one thing they all shared, it was bravery. Although most had little clue as to the havoc the shadow seed could rain down upon them, they knew the odds against an enemy whose number easily eclipsed their own.
As their targets came within range, archers took aim and released a wall of arrows that blackened an already cloudy sky.
With the first volley of arrows, thousands of Pelasgians hit the floor dead, though it hardly slowed their advance. Even those struck but did not die, merely gave pause before continuing as before.
Anubians fired off energy blast after energy blast with devastating results, although to many, it seemed as if they may as well have been tossing stones into an oncoming wave of water.
A quick second volley of arrows met with similar results in dead Pelasgians, who were now only steps away from Vesuvia’s defenders.
With no time to set up as before, any and all archers fired at will.
When the two armies finally met, there was a thunderous sound of metal colliding. The Pelasgian’s momentum gave them a slight edge as even the heavily armored human soldiers were thrust back by the impact.
After the initial shock quickly wore off, those with shields pushed back as hard as they could with desperation to hold the line.
It was nearly impossible for anyone at the front to move in any direction but forward, and forget about hacking and slashing. There was no room for it. Simple back and forth stabbing is what did most of the killing at first.
The Corinthians pressed forward on all sides with no success. When a few faltered and let up, giving ground, it caused a domino effect that rippled across their entire offensive line.
It was an opportunity the Rheans couldn’t miss. The new openings gave them a little room to maneuver their weapons. Swelling forward, they nearly broke the Pelasgian ranks.
Pockets of fighting between individuals grew in number as both sides pushed and retreated for an advantage.
A Persian who had locked sword to sword with a Corinthian was thrown back by an elbow to the face and a kick to the stomach. Lying on his back, and having dropped his sword, all he could do was wait for the end.
But, for the moment, the end would not come. When the Corinthian raised his sword to finish the Persian off, he was struck by an Anubian energy blast.
Janah grabbed the Persian by the hand. “Come on! Get up and get back in the fight.”
The Persian wasted no time picking his sword up and charging after the enemy.
“Be careful,” Nedim said to Janah as he killed another Corinthian with his long knife. “Don’t drive too far in or you’ll be surrounded.”
Janah slashed a Satyr across the face with her sword, freeing up another Persian. She could see what Nedim was talking about.
There were gaps in the Pelasgian line. If attacked correctly, the enemy could only retreat. Alone or even with a few soldiers it would be suicide, and the fighting was degenerating ever more into clusters of chaos.
Nedim took advantage of the openings, firing energy blasts into the gaps. Seemed like a good idea, but as the Pelasgians weren’t completely stupid, they stormed forward when they realized their tactic was flawed. He, Janah, and a few others had to fight furiously as they backpedaled toward the mainline.
Janah had no trouble quickly killing anyone who came after her. She was even able to dodge over and give Nedim a hand.
“Thanks,” Nedim said, wholly impressed.
Not pausing her killing spree, Janah cried back. “Less talking, more killing!”
****
Leon could kill two or three Pelasgians a second if he wanted to, though considering he’d run out of blood long before the battle ended if he did so, it was smart of him to only use enough to dispatch anyone in his way. He dodged a Satyr’s spear while closing the distance with a Corinthian. A hard blow of swords turned the Pelasgian sideways, allowing Leon an easy stab between its armor plating. The Satyr quickly attacked again. Leon spun around the spear, swinging his sword to hack the creature's head.
Tagging along with Leon was a sizeable group of Vesuvians from the various Houses.
The Remians that had tagged along were a young, cocky bunch. Clubs and maces were the weapons of choice, as these utilized their brute strength. They almost made it a point to only go after the Minotaurs. The Remians had a slight advantage in the speed department. As long as they were careful, they could dodge any attack the bullheaded Pelasgians threw at them and counter.
Sticking close to the Remians, the Turin were a big help in staving off any Corinthians or Satyrs. In fact, many a Minotaur were suddenly finding themselves alone, surrounded by Vesuvians as the Turin made short work of the smaller Pelasgians.
Liros here didn’t have their wings, but they still had plenty of bite. They preferred hand-to-hand combat. Their claws were just as dangerous as any blade. Although not as effective against the armored Corinthians, they minced up quite a few Satyrs.
Normally at the back of the army, Siena archers were knee-deep in the fighting, not as close as the rest, but their intuition and foresight allowed for some incredible displays of accuracy. That’s to say arrows were literally flying between friend and foe to find their mark. Without even looking, one stepped out of the way of an oncoming Satyr’s spear as though he saw it coming a mile away and fired an arrow into the Pelasgian’s forehead.
As usual, the Orlok used their invisibility to sneak up behind the enemy and stab them in the back. The single act of being invisible consumed a good amount of blood, and maintaining that invisibility when taking any kind of action used up even more. Several of them did manage to get three or four kills before having to reappear in order to avoid using up too much blood. By themselves, the Orloks weren’t too strong, but what they lacked in strength they made up for with craziness. Two of them made the attempt to tackle a Minotaur, but the Pelasgian had so much strength that the Orlok flailed through the air hanging on for dear life. It wasn’t until a Remian intervened that they were able to touch the ground again.
A well-trained member of the Kanara House could influence the course of a battle by subtly manipulating the mind of a single foe. Unfortunately, there weren’t many versed in this style of combat. Depending on their level of training and the will of the enemy, they could either kill a dozen before having to retreat or spend an hour countering one attack after another.
There was an eerie brutality to the way the Doran with Leon dispatched their enemy. One used his blood whip to snatch the ax out of a Minotaur’s hand as he was about to bring it down on another Vesuvian. Gaining the creature’s full attention, the Doran quickly morphed his whip into two spikes and shot them into the Minotaur’s eyes.
****
The Khothu were having little trouble keeping the distance between themselves and the Pelasgians. If the Komodo weren’t causing the ground in front of the enemy to quake, the Typhon sprayed the air with liquid fire, and the Leviathan and Draco used their abilities in conjunction to create a strong gust of mist that blew against the Pelasgians. Though even with all that to hinder the enemy’s advance, it didn’t deter them, for whenever or wherever the Khothu let up even the slightest bit, the Pelasgians pressed forward.
Gillan alone had cast a torrent of heavy rain that blinded the enemy. Through the haze of fire and water in the air was a terrifying view of what seemed like an endless amount of Pelasgians. He wondered just how far past the horizon the enemy went. The enemy hadn’t taken to the sky yet, but he knew that would soon change.
Keeping the Pelasgians at bay was more of a ploy than anything. At a pivotal moment, when the enemy seemed to be at its most desperate to move in for the kill, the Khothu ceased their delaying strategy and allowed them to come forward.
The Pelasgians had only taken two steps when the ground suddenly began to undulate towards the Khothu. The wind as well as the rain began to blow hard at their backs to encourage the enemy to move forward.
This was subtle at first, and quickly became more violent as the Pelasgians came closer, and at the same time realized what was happening. But it was too late to turn back; a good chunk of Pelasgians was being herded by the elements towards an inescapable wall of fire that engulfed them.
****
There was more hacking, slashing, stabbing, and shield bashing going on between the humans and Pelasgians than all the other races combined.
Thousands of archers continually fired directly behind the Pelasgian line, the idea being that it would take some of the pressure off their soldiers at the front. It worked incredibly well, mostly, as the humans didn’t give an inch of ground; though at the same time, for all their effort, they gained nothing in return.
The Corinthians and Satyrs weren’t a problem, but the Minotaurs’ bigger size and brute force were enough to punch several holes through the humans’ line. As long as the humans were quick enough, they could surround the rampaging beast and slay it before any real damage was done.
It didn’t take the Pelasgians long to figure out how to defend against the shower of arrows that were constantly raining down on them and to start pushing forward. As if they’d done it hundreds of times, they rapidly reorganized their line with most of the Minotaurs at the front, supported by the Satyrs, while the Corinthians followed close behind holding their shields up to block the arrows.
Seeing the Minotaurs hack their way through, Sara reached over to grab Richard’s attention. “Our line is falling apart!”
Sara didn’t have to tell Richard what to do. He followed her lead as she weaved through the soldiers. As everyone else fell back, they pressed forward.
As the Minotaur swung his ax at a group of men, Sara burst from the crowd, equinox at the ready. The Pelasgian had no time to react as Sara plunged her weapon into his neck to bring him down. In the next second it took Sara to pull the blade from the Minotaur, she spotted another already about to bring his ax down on her.
If Richard hadn’t blindsided the Pelasgian when he did, Sara would have ended up with two equal halves of her lying on the ground.
Even if a ‘thank you,’ was called for, there was no time. To the one side was an angry army of Pelasgians, and on the other was an ever-widening gap between them and their comrades.
Fleet-footed as anyone not weighed down by armor, Sara and Richard made a beeline for the nearest soldier with a shield.
“Tell me something,” Richard said. “How much worse do you think this is going to get?”
At that moment, the sky behind the Pelasgians suddenly began to grow even darker, as if a swarm of locust rose from the ground.
The Pelasgians had just sent out the Erinyes and griffins. And if that wasn’t bad enough, the Cyclopes and Centaurs were now moving in as well.
Sara’s face was a mix of concern and scorn as she looked over to Richard. “You had to ask?”
CHAPTER ELEVEN

Nibiru watched from the top of the valley as the battle unfolded. His Myrmidons and a small entourage of Pelasgians were close by enjoying the view as well.
Even being so far away, Nibiru could perfectly see exactly what was happening over a wide swath of the valley right down to the individuals fighting.
After speaking with a Corinthian, Marduk stood by Nibiru. “We may have a problem with the Koiga.”
“I see the Hegiran have joined the battle,” Nibiru said. “And in considerable number as well.”
Marduk sighed in frustration. “I knew we should have sent troops to watch the Koiga. Our scouts can’t find any traces of their army. There’s no way they could have just vanished into the desert.”
Nibiru didn’t seem to care as he continued watching the battle. “Any number of things may have happened to the Koiga. The Rheans may have found a way to easily dispose of them, or in all likelihood, the Koiga have betrayed us.”
“Betrayed,” Marduk wondered. “Then they must have realized we had no intention of keeping our end of the bargain.”
“Probably,” Nibiru said. “We need to replace our losses here. I would say it may not even be necessary, but this world and its people will make a fine addition. I may actually acquire a few Myrmidons other than Leon. Rhea possesses many people with unique talents.”
Marduk folded his arms across his chest. “So this is it then? No going back until we’ve got what we came for?”
Nibiru smirked.
“Do you believe the Vesuvians will give in?” Marduk asked.
“They have every reason to,” Nibiru answered. “They know they can’t win. They only continue to fight out of a ridiculous sense of honor, or to buy time in the hopes that some miracle will save them.”
Marduk gazed across the valley. “Maybe you should just use a shadow seed, and very slowly assimilate this world. I bet they’ll kowtow sooner rather than later. Leave Leon and his girlfriend for last. I bet you he’ll crack at the sight of his loved ones turning over to us.”
Nibiru laughed with surprise. “My, my, you are an evil one. But that may be a little too much. Always remember this is as much about the mind as it is the body. You see if you don’t push hard enough, the enemy will continue to resist. Push too hard and they will not only give up, they will simply do nothing, and accept what fate delivers. Leon must believe joining me will save his people.”
“Leon is no different from any man,” Marduk said. “He’ll save his own skin when it comes down to it. You would see that if you just put a sword to his neck.”
Before now, Nibiru never would have considered such a thing; however, he smiled narrowly while looking to his outspoken Myrmidon. “Perhaps you are correct Marduk. Perhaps.”
****
Liros and Dracos flew fast to intercept the swarm of Pelasgians heading their way.
Some of the Liro carried a massive sword that would be impossible for anyone without supernatural strength to weld. It was nearly as big as a person and almost half as broad.
The Draco clung to their wyverns as they flew at top speed to attack from a high angle. Their strategy worked brilliantly back in Tiamat, however, some had their doubts that it would work again.
If the Pelasgians were aware of what the Draco were up to, they didn’t care, or at the very least they certainly didn’t show it. They flew as though absolutely nothing was going to stop them.
The Liro were the first to meet the Erinyes and griffins head-on. Those with swords just had to fly in any direction as they held the blade to their side and rack up the kills. But for every Pelasgian killed, five got through.
Even when the Draco came down slicing and dicing it didn’t seem to be enough to slow the Pelasgians’ advance. The sky was so thick with the enemy that several Draco had trouble finding and remounting their wyvern. And an unfortunate few didn’t.
It was raining Pelasgian blood and body parts. Both sides on the ground suffered injuries and deaths when an Eriny or griffin came crashing down.
As the Liro and Draco did their best to stave off as many of the enemy as they could, Erinyes and griffins continued to descend upon the Rheans in waves, carving out sections of their front line and forcing them back.
Things only got worse when the Centaurs came within range and began firing arrows in volleys.
Humans didn’t have as much to worry about as the others. Their soldiers were clad in protective armor and shields, though they didn’t escape completely unscathed. Many were still injured by an arrow finding a thin layer of armor.
The Vesuvian ability to ward off pain and heal rapidly let them ignore the arrows for the most part. As long as they could protect their hearts the only thing lost was the amount of blood it took to heal.
Nearly none of the Persians had any concerns with arrows. Most were at the very front fighting like mad, where the arrows simply passed overhead. More than any of the other races, they pressed forward and stubbornly gave any ground. The few that weren’t fighting, simply because there was no room for them to get through, were protected by Anubian energy shields.
For the time being, few Khothu suffered any serious injury from an arrow. All thanks to the Leviathan and Draco. Their powers combined to create a strong gale of wind and rain, knocking the arrows off balance and reducing their impact on contact., and with the Khothus’ slightly tougher skin, the damage when stuck was little more than a flesh wound.
All of these abilities, however, didn’t do much against the Cyclopes. Charging at full speed, they rudely shoved their fellow Pelasgians aside. They hit the Rhean line hard on all sides, causing the defenders to desperately try and stand their ground.
The Typhon and Komodo violently threw earth and fire at the charging, one-eyed monstrosities, not realizing that they had given the smaller Pelasgians an opening to attack. By the time they realized it, it came down to fighting with their weapons. In such close quarters now, it was nearly impossible to use their elemental abilities. The entire Khothu line was now falling back slowly but steadily.
As hard as the Persians fought, even they couldn’t keep a Cyclops back. They were quick enough to avoid them, but there was no way of holding the line. A lot of Persians were suddenly being caught off guard and slain by the smaller Pelasgians.
The Anubians did what they could to take some of the pressure off. A few well-placed, if small, energy blasts helped, for what little it did. They had almost no effect on the Cyclopes. The Corinthians were too well armored, and Minotaurs were tough enough to take it. Satyrs fell easily enough, though with so many friend and foe crossing paths it wasn’t the best time to be picky with targets.
Some Anubians created a wall of energy to slow the Pelasgians, which worked fine until the Cyclopes used their sheer strength to wear it down with just a few powerful swings of their clubs and fists.
It didn’t take much for a Cyclops to send a human soldier in armor flying through the air. The fact that the human army was better equipped with a vast array of weapons is the main reason their line didn’t completely break at this point.
The humans were armed to the teeth with, among other things, crossbows, halberds, throwing axes, throwing knives, and morning stars. Alone, none of these was nearly enough to take down a Cyclops, but it did give them pause, if only for a brief moment.
With the Remian and Turin at the front, the Vesuvians held their own against the Cyclopes.
Although most of the Remians were not as strong as a Cyclops, they had enough strength to stand their ground, and their blunt weapons came in handy against the one-eyed Pelasgians.
Relying mostly on their ability to conceal themselves in fog, the Turin also did well in keeping the Cyclopes from completely shattering their line.
Still, it’s difficult to get a good hit when your opponent has a big reach advantage, and perhaps the biggest problem the Cyclopes posed was in the number of soldiers they demanded attention from.
Rhean reinforcements surged forward, but it was too late. Most of the line was wavering. The best they could hope for was to slow the Pelasgian advance and give their men a chance to fall back to better positions.
Any Rhean with a sense of situational awareness knew that something had to happen. The Pelasgians were gaining ground, gaining momentum. Even if they couldn’t be pushed back, they had to be stopped. Now.
And as luck would have it, a large number of small orange portals suddenly crackled into existence across the battlefield.
CHAPTER TWELVE

The undead literally rained down upon the Pelasgians. Some emerged from portals directly above the enemy, weapon in hand; attacking the first enemy they caught sight of if they didn’t land right on top of them.
Others, like Kamala, came out several hundred feet in the air in a dive of death taking any Eriny, Corinthian, and/or griffin they could on their way down. Even if they didn’t manage to get a hold of anyone in the air, the impact was certain to kill if not seriously injure whoever they landed on.
There was little the Pelasgians could do to avoid all the dead weight coming down on them. With really nowhere to run, Corinthians braced themselves by putting up their shields, Satyrs pointed their spears upward, and Minotaurs swung their axes wildly.
Being at the rear of the army, the Centaurs were the only ones who could mostly avoid kamikazes. They quickly fell back, giving their fellow Pelasgians in front some maneuvering room.
Nibiru watched as his army began to splinter.
When the Prometheans emerged, they came out running full speed, trampling any hapless wit in their way. With their arrival, the Cyclopes were forced to turn their attention on them; this was a big relief for Vesuvia’s defenders.
Multiple gaps grew wider and wider as the Pelasgian army attempted to reposition itself. But this attempt to regain control of the battlefield backfired. As soon as two of the gaps were wide enough, a large set of orange portals opened up with Fenrir and Koiga rushing out.
Standing next to Nibiru, Marduk sighed. “Well, there goes the Koiga.”
Beginning to feel frustrated, Nibiru sighed in disgust before.
Hurok and his Fenrir threw themselves at the Pelasgians. No amount of armor the enemy possessed could protect against their razor-sharp claws.
Too bad the Pelasgians didn’t have silver in their repertoire; otherwise they might have fared better. Killing a Fenrir was practically five times harder without it.
Creating confusion among the enemy was a tactic the Koiga were very proficient at.
Pelasgians suddenly found themselves trying to avoid or attack disembodied, sword-wielding hands. They were even more bewildered when other ‘Pelasgians’ began fighting against them. Add to that, Koiga with shapeshifting skin armor, and you’ve got one very confused and frustrated enemy
Two large sections of the Pelasgian army were now split between fighting against the Rheans pushing back from Vesuvia, and the surprise attack from either the Fenrir or Koiga.
The Rheans did everything they could to support the Prometheans, as the Pelasgians did likewise for the Cyclopes since whoever won between them could easily tip the battle in their favor.
The Fenrir were making an impressive dent in the Pelasgian army, but their incredible resistance to injury and pain was being matched by the enemies’ relentlessness. Alone, they managed to almost kill as many Pelasgians in a shorter amount of time than the other races.
Corinthians, backed up by Satyrs, formed a defensive line with shields and spears to slow the Fenrir down. No doubt it worked, though it was a bit pointless since their flank was being hammered by the humans.
It took a while for the shock of the Koigas’ attack to wear off, but even when it did, the Pelasgians were still having a hard time dealing with their abilities.
The Erinyes and griffins descended on the Koiga, tying them down long enough for Pelasgian ground forces to fall back and reorganize. The Centaurs quickly moved back into position, waiting for the Erinyes and griffins to let up before releasing a wave of arrows upon the Koiga.
For the most part, the Koiga were surrounded. The momentum they had going had come to a stop. There was a weak spot in the enemy line leading to Vesuvia, but it would be a difficult fight, even with their confounding abilities. The Pelasgians were now ready and waiting. With no avenue of escape, all the Koiga could do was press on.
The Vesuvians were the nearest ally to the Koiga. Which was fortunate for the Koiga; any other race may not have been able to tell they were in trouble. Seeing this as a chance to drive a wedge into the enemy and rescue a much-needed army, the Vesuvians launched their assault, pushing forward with the Remian and Turin leading the way and taking out anything the Pelasgians threw at them. It was a grinding battle, but the Vesuvians eventually linked up with the Koiga.
It was now obvious the tide of battle was beginning to change. The Pelasgian ground army went into retreat, stopping halfway across the fields from where they had started.
There was no time to cheer. This was just a temporary lull, but it was also a chance for the Rheans to catch a breath and refortify their defenses.
However, not a minute had gone by when several green portals opened near the front of the Pelasgian army.
To the horror of just about every Rhean, gigantic creatures began emerging from the Pelasgian portals.
Including the terrosaur, there was the rannex, the tridon, and the wrecnor. Like the terrosaur, the others had crystal-like spikes protruding from various parts of the skin, and an exoskeleton that was like armor plating covering much of their body.
The Pelasgians wasted no time advancing again towards the city with their new pets in tow. This time, they didn’t rush across the field as they did before. They kept pace with the behemoths as they slowly closed in, shaking the ground with every step.
When the Pelasgians finally did come within a few feet, they charged in with the monsters close by. The Khothu, in particular, were in the worst position, as it seemed they were about to take the brunt of the assault.
The Rheans stood their ground even with the threat of the titans in front of them. They fired arrows, boulders, energy blasts, anything and everything they could to thwart the creatures. Nothing seemed to work. At best, it only served to annoy them.
With no other option left, the Rheans retreated into the city, taking cover among the buildings while still trying to fend off the Pelasgians.
The rannex was a reptilian beast with two arms and legs, yet moved around on all fours similar to an ape’s knuckle-walking. A burly creature dragging a long tail, its narrow face was almost indiscernible because of the black smoke emanating from the crystals around its head, though its menacing green eyes could be seen peering at you.
One swipe of the rannex’s hand sent dozens of humans flailing through the air. Several times it brought both of its fists smashing down on the ground, knocking anyone nearby off their feet.
The tridon drew as almost as much curiosity as it did terror. It had three enormous, thick legs arranged around a body that was shrouded in blackness. The body itself emitted an eerie, pulsating green glow that was barely visible through the billowing smoke.
No one realized until it was too late that the tridon’s powerful legs were the least of their concern; tentacles unexpectedly shot out from its central body, snatching its victims up and pulling them in. At that point, it was impossible to see what happened then, but there was a lot of screaming involved.
Each of the wrecnor’s four spindly legs extended outward to some distance before connecting with a massive plate of exoskeleton that dwarfed its oval-shaped body. Its dragon-like head and neck gave it a good view of its surroundings.
Much of the wrecnor itself was visible; the only smoke emitting crystals on its body were protruding from the top of each leg. The only thing to worry about with this monster was where it was going to take its next step, which was easy to avoid.
It wasn’t until the wrecnor began to press into the city that it became just as dangerous as the others. Although the terrosaur, rannex, and tridon could destroy a building just as well, none of them could do it with the ease of a wrecnor. Despite its cumbersome size and shape, the creature had no trouble arching one of its legs back and driving it forward through a building like a hot knife through butter.
The Khothu found themselves caught between the tridon on one flank and wrecnor on the other. Their abilities were useless against them. No one, not even Gillan, was strong enough to project the kind of power it would take to hurt the gigantic monsters.
Gillan’s mind was a haze. So much was happening so fast. And all he could do was move with the crowd. He wasn’t as much scared as he was confused, but it wasn’t enough to keep him from noticing the soft green glow coming from his pocket.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN

“They’re in the city,” Helen said, monitoring the battle’s progress with her telepathy. There was little she could actually see from the Council chamber’s balcony. Jaren was right next to her, also using his abilities to get a sense of how the battle was going.
Alexia and Sagan stood nearby, listening and waiting to hear some good news.
Vlad was inside, standing next to a column as he stared blankly across the room.
Slowly peeking around the corner, Sagan looked back into the chamber at Vlad. “Hey, Alexia,” he whispered. “Couldn’t you two have given that boy some personality? He’s about as interesting as a rock.”
Alexia kept her gaze forward. “Helen is responsible for who he is. I aim to control how powerful he is. Or at least, that’s the goal. With the amount of power he has, we had to make him more like a domesticated animal.”
“So what, he doesn’t think for himself at all?” Sagan asked.
“I don’t think even Helen knows the answer to that,” Alexia replied. “Emotions, needs, want. Perhaps he has them, perhaps not. He could be running entirely on instinct for all we know. One thing you can bet on is him having a few unexpected surprises like Leon.”
Sagan rested against the doorway as he crossed his arms. “Funny you and some of the others consider Leon weak. He was as strong as any of us right out of the basin.”
“I never said Leon was ‘weak’,” Alexia said. “I merely implied that he was not strong enough, physically at least, though he still has the power to defeat Nibiru. As far as I’m concerned, that thing we just created is merely a backup; a bargaining chip to buy us more time if need be. To be honest, I am still more afraid of Leon.”
“Afraid,” Sagan snickered. “Terrified is more like it. You know as well as I do what he’s capable of. And I’ve got a ginormous chest full of shillings that say he’s gonna win this for us.” 
“I think I’m gonna be sick,” Jaren groaned, holding his stomach as his head hung low.
Sagan quickly jumped forward taking hold of Jaren by the arms. “Whoa there buddy,” he said. “Sick like sick-sick, or like something-bad-is-gonna-happen-sick?”
Jaren faced the others as he rested against the railing. “It…It felt like I was dying, or just, it was very hot…very, very hot. But even worse, I got this feeling of being stuck, trapped with nowhere to go.”
Hoping to get some clarification, Alexia tapped Helen on the shoulder. “What do you make of it?”
But Helen was knee-deep in her ability to read the thoughts of others. The distressed look on her face made it seem as though she could jump off the balcony any moment. It wasn’t until Alexia shook her that she snapped out of it.
“I take it things are going bad,” Alexia said.
Helen took a deep breath. “The Pelasgians are pushing through with creatures the size of buildings. We’re hitting them with everything we have, but they seem to be impervious to our weapons.”
“Where are they now?” Alexia asked.
“Still at the outskirts,” Helen pointed. “Just entering the city now.”
Sagan grunted. “There’s got to be something we can do.”
“I’m trying,” Helen said. “I’ve been using my abilities to help coordinate our forces. But I’m afraid these creatures may be too powerful.”
****
Gillan struggled to avoid being knocked over as the Khothu army retreated further into the city. It was hard to move. Everyone was crammed between the buildings and moving in one general direction.
The wrecnor was now almost on top of them tearing through buildings and causing debris to fly everywhere, which made it difficult to see.
The Komodo did what they could with their abilities to steer the larger chunks away, while the Draco did their best to clear the air.
“Gillan!” Melkor shouted, shoving his way through the crowd. Though with everyone else yelling around him, he didn’t expect much.
Melkor suddenly felt a hand grab his arm. It was Gillan. Actually, the Leviathan never heard his name. It just so happened that he was looking out for his friend as well.
There was no point in talking, not with all the commotion around them. They muscled their way forward and off to the side in an alley.
“We’re in trouble,” Melkor said. “The Pelasgians are marching right in front of those things. We can’t even get close.”
At a loss for words, Gillan wasn’t sure if Melkor was asking him for advice, or just griping. He peeked around the corner at the towering monsters. As he tried to figure out a way of bringing them down, Melkor noticed the soft green glow coming from his pocket.
“Hey bud, you’re glowing,” Melkor said, cautiously taking a small step sideways.
Perplexed at first, Gillan remembered the piece of jade given to him by the Caidoz. Quickly reaching into his pocket, he pulled it out and watched for several seconds as it glowed brighter and brighter.
Gillan covered his eyes as the jade suddenly flashed with a blinding light. All sounds were still ringing in his ears, quickly fading like an echo. Now frightened and thinking maybe he died, he slowly uncovered his eyes to see the world had changed around him.
Time had stopped, and everything was a ghostly afterimage of itself. A strange howling of the wind was all that could be heard.
Growing more nervous, Gillan slowly tried placing a hand on Melkor to see if he could get a reaction, but he could only come within an inch before being gently repelled by an unseen force.
There was a sudden shift in the howling of the wind. Gillan looked in all directions in an attempt to get a sense of where it might be coming from.
When the sound shifted again, Gillan flinched as Rovgi and Bilar appeared out of thin air, walking directly in front of him.
“You,” Gillan uttered in awe. “What’s going on?”
“We are here to help,” Rovgi answered.
Fully aware of how powerful the Caidoz were, relief came over Gillan like a tidal wave. “Really? That’s perfect,” he said. “Oh boy, a ton of people are going to be very happy when they see you.”
Rovgi and Bilar briefly looked at one another.
“We are afraid that won’t be possible,” Bilar said.
Rovgi pointed to the jade in Gillan’s hand. “We can channel our power to you, through the stone you hold.”
Gillan couldn’t help but feel that he had his work cut out for him. “Wait…what? You mean I’m going to…why can’t you just come back and fight with us?”
“Impossible,” Bilar replied. “Our involvement must be kept at a minimal. Too much is at stake for us to reveal ourselves to the Pelasgians.”
Gillan’s head dropped in frustration. “I can’t believe this. As powerful as you are, you’re afraid of revealing yourselves?!”
“We have just as much to lose as you,” Rovgi said. “Although Nibiru is unable to destroy us, his shadow seed can still bend us to his will – a fate worse than death.”
“What makes you think the Pelasgians won’t know once I start cutting them down?” Gillan asked.
“Circumstance,” Bilar answered. “At least, that is what we are counting on. Your kind already wields the ability to control the elements, and you possess vast amounts of potential.”
“Nibiru may or may not suspect our involvement,” Rovgi added. “That is a chance we are willing to take. For a few minutes, you will be capable of unleashing almost unlimited power. Use that time wisely.”
It was hard for Gillan to look at the Caidoz. He was disappointed, though couldn’t complain. A little help was better than none. “Why then?” he asked. He had to know. “Why even bother? The safe bet for you would be to do nothing at all.”
Again, Bilar and Rovgi briefly looked at each other, with Bilar nodding before turning to walk away.
Rovgi then slightly waved her hand towards the jade, causing it to glow brightly as Gillan’s body absorbed it. “You’re right,” she said. “But it wouldn’t be the right thing to do.”
In a flash, Gillan found himself back in Vesuvia.
“Whoa!” Melkor cried. “Now you’re really glowing!”
There was no time to talk. Gillan ran from the alley and set his eyes upon the wrecnor. Several Corinthians who thought Gillan wasn’t paying attention ran in to attack.
Everything was instinctual. Without warning, Gillan’s body exploded with lighting and a blast of wind that sent the Corinthians flying back.
Gillan shot up from the ground toward the wrecnor. His rock-solid fist seethed with energy as he rapidly closed the distance.
The wrecnor saw Gillan only at the last second, though even if it had seen him coming from a mile away there was nothing it could have done to stop the earth-shattering blow the Khothu delivered to its body. As the creature dropped dead, one of its legs kicked out, tearing into what was left of a building and causing a collapse on top of it.
Gillan landed on his feet hard, uninjured thanks to the infused power of the Caidoz still coursing within him. In front of him was the Pelasgian army staring at him confounded.
Before the enemy could react, Gillan threw one hand out to cast a massive tornado that tore through the Pelasgian columns. Although it was very brief and concentrated, the tornado caused an enormous amount of damage to the Pelasgian army.
Gillan could sense the draining of the Caidoz power. The next biggest threat he could see was the tridon, coming straight for him.
Gillan’s body erupted into flames as he launched himself toward the giant three-legged beast like a comet.
The tridon made every attempt to snare Gillan with its tentacles – each one coming very close to nabbing him, but the Khothu was too fast.
For a split second, Gillan disappeared into the black haze surrounding the tridon’s body. When just as quickly, there was a powerful explosion from the impact that nearly engulfed the entire creature.
Again, Gillan landed hard with no injury, but in the next moment, it was obvious that he was back to his normal self. The power of the Caidoz had worn off.
Any Pelasgian in sight was dead or falling back.
The Khothu in the area quickly moved in to retake the ground they had lost, many of them congratulating Gillan as they passed.
Gillan had just delivered a crushing blow to the enemy and given his people a second wind to fight even harder than before.
Melkor came from behind, lightly pushing Gillan on the shoulder. “Show off!”
CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Sara was surprised by the rannex’s movements – not that it was much faster than the other monstrosities. But it was wilder and reacted quicker to threats. If it were not for the armored plating on its body, it would have been terrifyingly fast for its size.
The humans feigned retreat as part of their strategy to keep the rannex under control, or at the very least, slow it down. By falling back into the alleys and side streets, and drawing the enemy into these places, the humans drastically reduced the Pelasgians’ advance.
“Look at the size of that thing,” Richard said. “How do you even fight something like that?”
With less than a block of distance between them and the rannex, Sara and Richard ran for cover down a side street. There were hundreds of soldiers here, waiting to support the flanking movement or draw in the Pelasgians if and when they appeared. Directly opposite of them, across the main road, hundreds of more soldiers were doing the same thing.
Sara shook her head. “We’re just stalling them. We need to attack,” she said, peeking around the corner at the rannex.
“I can already tell you’ve got something crazy on your mind,” Richard said concerned.
Sara turned back. “I think we can kill it. We just need a way to get on top of it”
Richard’s jaw nearly hit the floor. “What? You are crazy! There’s no way. And even if we did manage –”
“I need you to distract it,” Sara interrupted. “Once I get into position, I’ll signal you.”
“Sara, Rheans and Pelasgians are one thing,” Richard said. “But that creature is too big. How do you plan on killing it once you get on top of it?”
“Shouldn’t be too hard,” Sara answered. “A good stab to the jugular with Old Trusty should do the trick.”
Richard shook his head as he tried picturing it.
Although the main street was fairly wide, it negated the Pelasgians' advantage in numbers. They moved as fast as they could control the rannex, which they seemed to be having a hard time doing.
The rannex growled as it pummeled the buildings leading off the main street where much of the fighting was taking place, though it could barely fit between the buildings along the side streets.
Knowing the rannex would be vulnerable in such tight quarters, the Pelasgians made sure it stayed on the main street where there was plenty of room to cause a lot of damage.
“Alright,” Richard said, turning back to Sara. “I still think you’re absolutely crazy, but good luck.”
Sara nodded. “You too,” she said before going. Her slim figure allowed her to easily weave her way past the dozens of soldiers in her way. The door to the long, narrow school building was already open, though no one was inside.
As Sara frantically searched for a way up she was caught by surprise when a group of Pelasgians came charging through a door on the far side of the room.
Within seconds, Sara was outnumbered ten to one leaving her no other choice but to turn back and run full speed through the same door she came in. “Pelasgians are inside!” she yelled.
The soldiers around Sara instantly reacted and charged into the building to meet the enemy head-on.
Richard grew more nervous with the rannex now less than a block away. “Sara, this thing is getting awfully close.”
“We need to fall back,” Sara said checking if there was an easy way around without having to go back on the main street. “How close?” she asked.
“About half a block,” Richard replied.
Sara checked the street opposite of the oncoming Pelasgian army.
The human army was keeping their distance about a block and a half away pelting the enemy with arrows.
“C’mon, hurry!” Sara said, running towards the human army.
“Change of plan?” Richard asked.
“Sorta,” said Sara. “Still need you to distract that thing, though.”
“Get behind us!” General Ward yelled.
“We need some of your archers,” Sara said.
“What for?” Ward asked.
Without looking, Sara pointed back with her thumb. “You see that really big scary thing down the street? I’m gonna kill it.”
Ward had the same expression on his face Richard did when he told Sara she was crazy. “Get a team of archers up here,” he ordered one of his men.
Only a few thin lines behind the soldiers protecting them, a small group of archers was ready to go in no time.
“They’re all yours,” Ward said. “Looks like you got my good ones. Take care of them and good luck.”
Richard approached the archers. “I hope you guys don’t mind getting a little closer.”
“We need you to provide cover for us while we take that monster out,” Sara said. “You men are going follow Richard up on the left side of the street. I’m going to flank on the right. Keep your distance, but keep it tight. Let’s go!”
With the Pelasgians still slowly advancing, it didn’t take a minute for Richard to get in place. At this time the rannex was throwing a fit on the right side of the street, demolishing a building. “Hey!” Richard screamed as waved his hands. “Over here. Come get me.”
The archers fired a volley of arrows into the enemy’s front line around the rannex, scoring several kills.
Any Pelasgian who fell was instantly replaced by another. Three Corinthians broke away towards Richard who was only yards away. Two were quickly taken out by the archers, and the last didn’t stand a chance against Richard and his two talons.
Sara was practically glued to the building as she moved forward, nearly parallel with the archers.
The rannex couldn’t hear Richard’s distracting calls, but when it began to lumber back to the left of the street, it noticed the human’s rather rude gestures, and then the archers slightly behind him.
Several more Pelasgians charged after Richard. Many of them fell dead by well-placed arrows.
Equipping his equinox, Richard stood his ground against two Corinthians, skillfully deflecting their attacks as an archer lined one of them up in his sights and fired. Having one opponent now, Richard dispatched him as easily as the last.
The rannex roared at the little human.
Richard couldn’t tell if the air was vibrating from how loud it was, or if he was just trembling in fear.
Like any animal faced with temptation, the rannex moved ahead, pulling away from the Pelasgians in its attempt to get Richard.
Fighting the urge to flat-out run away at full speed was difficult for Richard, but he had to keep the creature’s attention.
The archers fired, again and again, whittling down the Pelasgians directly in front of the rannex. They retreated along with Richard, doing their best to keep a safe distance should they suddenly need to turn tail and run.
It wasn’t until the rannex began to move a little too fast for comfort that Richard decided to exercise the better part of valor. A few of the archers began pelting the enormous monster with arrows to draw its attention.
With the rannex more than halfway across the street, Sara made her move, running top speed at the creature’s left leg.
There were still many Pelasgians near the rannex, though more and more began dropping like flies.
Unable to turn her focus away from the task at hand, Sara would have been glad to see that an additional number of archers had come forward to lend a hand. She could hear the arrows whizzing by dangerously close, but she never stopped. As she closed in, some of the Pelasgians tried intercepting her, only to be hit with two or even three arrows.
The furious rannex pounded its fist into the ground only yards away from a gazelle-like Richard, and it hadn’t the slightest clue when Sara latched onto its armor and began climbing.
Sara moved as fast as she could, but climbing a large moving animal is easier said than done. The only thing she had to hold onto was the armor plating. It took her almost a full minute to reach the knee, and another to get to the hip. Once she managed to climb on the back things got a lot easier. As the rannex’s posture was more like a gorilla, she was more or less crawling than climbing.
Finally reaching the neck, it became difficult for Sara to breathe. The smoke coming off the crystals around the rannex’s head also made it hard to see.
Holding on with one hand, Sara grabbed her equinox and plunged it into the monster’s neck. And no sooner when she pulled it out did she find herself holding on for dear life behind the creature’s neck.
The rannex went wild as it clasped the wound in pain and began crashing and thrashing about.
Sara was within the animal’s reach, though she was lucky it wasn’t smart enough to figure out what had happened. All she could do was wait. And after what seemed like an eternity, a brilliant flash of light filled her eyes to the point it was almost blinding.
The next thing Sara knew, the rannex had stopped moving and it seemed everything had gotten a whole lot quieter. She could tell the rannex had fallen to the ground face first, and that its body was smoldering.
“If I didn’t know any better I’d think you had a death wish,” Leon said.
Turning her head and looking up, Sara wasn’t surprised to see him. “Can’t blame me for trying,” she said.
Leon helped Sara to her feet and off the rannex.
“Where did you come from?” Sara asked.
“Helen said this thing was causing you guys some trouble,” Leon answered. “I just thought I’d come over and check it out.”
Sara could see the human army holding its ground two blocks down the street. Richard and the archers were a little closer, but they may as well have rejoined the army.
“I guess we better fall back,” Leon said. “I’m starting to get one of those gut feelings.”
“You and me both,” Sara said as they began to walk, and that was the instant the rannex suddenly sprung to life and snatched Leon with its hand.
“Leon!” Sara screamed. The monster’s hand was so large she couldn’t even see him.
Roaring, the rannex reared up as it smashed its bone-crushing fist into the ground three times before finally succumbing to its injuries.
Sara didn’t hesitate to rush over and begin prying the dead creature’s hand open with her equinox.
“Sara,” Richard called. “You gotta get back here. They’re closing in.”
The rannex’s hand opened just enough for Leon to slowly crawl through. Hitting the ground with a thud, the sight of him covered from head to toe in blood made Sara gasp and her eyes fill with tears.
“Come on, Leon,” Sara said, putting her shoulder under his to pick him up. “We need to move it. The Pelasgians are right behind us.”
But Leon could barely stand, let alone walk. His body had taken too much damage to repair itself alone. They hadn’t taken two steps before he collapsed to the ground taking Sara with him. “Blood marble…” he muttered.
Sara had to turn Leon on his side to find his satchel. She could hear the Pelasgians getting closer, and her anxiousness only grew when she realized it was empty.
Leon let out a weak laugh. “I’m out. Am I?”
“Here,” Sara said, placing her hand near Leon’s mouth. “Take mine.”
Leon shook his head. “I can’t. Leave me.”
“What?” Sara said in disbelief. “I’m not leaving you, and I can’t carry you. So take it!”
“I’m too far gone,” Leon said. “I might not stop once I start.”
Sara knew the Pelasgians had to be right around the corner. Her anxiousness began turning to frustration as she pulled Leon close. “The Frenzy. I know. I’ll risk it.”
Holding back a few coughs, Leon shook his head again. “I won’t.”
The Pelasgian army started to emerge from around the dead rannex. They spotted Sara and Leon almost right away and closed in to surround them.
Tears fell from Sara’s eyes as she clutched Leon tightly in her arms. With each passing second, hundreds of Pelasgians were marching through. Her chance to escape had gone.
The Pelasgians stood only feet away, not moving in for the kill only because of Leon. Waving their weapons, they cheered and screamed like a group of hunters that had just bagged a rare big game animal.
“Take my blood,” Leon said.
‘Not a bad idea.’ Sara thought, but she couldn’t help feeling that Leon had something else in mind. “I told you I won’t leave you. I’ll fight.”
“You can’t,” Leon said, cringing from some of the pain he was starting to feel. “There’s too many, even with my blood. I just need to protect you.”
That was when Sara figured out what Leon was planning. “Leon, you’re too weak. You’ll die.”
“I’m going to do it, Sara,” Leon said. “One way or the other. Take my blood, or you’ll go blind.”
The urge to grab her equinox and start swinging at anything that moved was overwhelming, but Sara knew better. There was only one way out of this.
Sara leaned in, kissing Leon on the lips as she took his blood in.
Leon took Sara’s hand and held it as glimmers of light slowly began to emanate from his blood-covered body.
The surrounding Pelasgians instantly recoiled in pain. Even the ones nearby who weren’t directly threatening Sara and Leon doubled over.
With Leon’s blood flowing through her, Sara watched as the incredible light surrounding him slowly grew in intensity.
Leon suddenly heard Helen’s voice like a whisper in his ear.
‘My son, what are you doing?’ she asked.
Leon only had to think his response. ‘There’s no time to explain,’ he answered. ‘Tell our people to take shelter, and let everyone else know to look away.’
‘Don’t do this,’ Helen pleaded. ‘We need you.’
The light around Leon continued to grow. Any Pelasgian within fifty feet was dead or dying.
‘You’ll be fine,’ Leon thought. ‘I’m sorry, mother. There’s no other way.’
Down the street, the human army retreated into the side streets and alleys. Anyone who could step inside of a building, did. Likewise, the entire Vesuvian army scrambled to find cover indoors.
Back at the top of the valley overlooking Vesuvia, Nibiru reappeared next to his Myrmidons. From there he could see the soft glow of light peeking through the buildings.
With one final look at Sara, Leon gave a small smile. “Don’t give up,” he whispered.
The light seemed to have a life of its own as it pulsed and swirled around them. In an instant, it flickered and then exploded with such a tremendous amount of force that it looked as if a tiny sun had planted itself in Vesuvia.
Almost everyone had to cover their eyes in addition to looking away. Despite the intense light, there was no heat. So anyone close to the explosion was fairly safe.
But the same couldn’t be said for the Pelasgians. Thousands in and around the city were instantly vaporized, and thousands more fell dead in a heap of smoke.
Any Vesuvian alive had made it inside a building or underground. Those inside a building squirmed with unease at the streaks of light that poured in through cracks in the doors and windows.
Crouched and hiding behind a wall to avoid the light, Helen cried as she felt her son’s life slipping away.
Nibiru clenched his fists as he stared on in anger. Even from where he stood, he and his Myrmidons could feel the effects of the light as the smallest amount of smoke lifted from their bodies.
The enormous ball of light suddenly grew bigger, almost doubling in size as if it wanted to engulf the entire valley.
And with each passing moment, countless Pelasgians were being snuffed out.
The Vesuvian Starlight persisted for several more seconds before it finally began to die down, and with it came an eerie silence that permeated throughout the whole city.
Sara watched with terrible grief as Leon, now a pile of ash in her hands was taken away by the wind.
Aside from Sara, there was little else on the street. If she had looked up, all she would have seen were the buildings. Not a single Pelasgian was in sight, not even their remains.
Richard came running from the alley, stopping just behind Sara. Relieved she was alive; it was obvious this wasn’t a time for words.
Still sobbing, Sara eventually got to her feet and just stood there for what seemed like forever, until all she could do was turn and slowly walk away.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN

In the Council’s chamber, Alexia, Sagan, Helen, and Jaren were sitting on the floor in shock.
“Was…that…Leon?” Sagan asked.
Helen nodded with tears going down her face.
“I can’t believe he would do such a thing,” Alexia said as she got up and walked to the table, resting her hands against it.
Vlad stood in place. He hadn’t moved a single muscle the entire time.
Denzso entered the room, nearly knocking the doors off their hinges. Gavin and Marus were right behind him.
“Thanks for the warning, Helen,” Gavin said.
“That little ball of light would’ve killed us all,” Marus added, getting Helen to her feet while Sagan helped Jaren to the table. 
Denzso sat in his chair, dumbfounded. “What was the point? Huh? Blowing himself up to kill a bunch of Pelasgians isn’t going to do us any good if Nibiru isn’t dead.”
“We’ve still got Vlad,” Sagan said.
Alexia took a seat next to Denzso. “I know you don’t like it, but we can’t give up. Leon’s sacrifice may be what turns everything around.”
“If it’s all the same,” Marus said. “I’d like to know exactly what happened as well.”
“He was hurt,” Helen answered. “He got hurt trying to help the humans, and did what he had to.”
Nibiru suddenly teleported into the room. He stood between the Council and Vlad, though he didn’t seem to notice the latter. It was his depressed expression that made him appear unaware of what was around him.
Marus and Gavin only took a few cautious steps toward the Pelasgian. Jaren and Sagan stood next to the women, and Denzso simply sat in his chair.
“I…I hope you have something for me?” Nibiru said. “Otherwise, I’m afraid the next few moments for you will be unpleasant.”
No one said anything until Sagan ran forward pointing to Vlad. “Right here!” he cried. “I’m afraid we ran into a few problems, though.”
Nibiru tensed up. “Problems?”
Doing his best to keep himself from hyperventilating, Sagan moved around Vlad. “Well, obviously we all didn’t want a repeat of Leon,” he giggled, taking the chance to give Helen that look that screamed ‘Do something!’
“I suppose,” Nibiru said, curiously looking on at Vlad.
“Yeah,” Sagan continued. “Anyways, we needed to make some adjustments. But as you can see he’s a bit of a stick in the mud.”
Nibiru stepped in front of Vlad. “So what does that mean?”
“Put simply,” Sagan said, now looking desperately to Helen. “We’ve been having trouble getting him to do much of anything. He doesn’t even have a personality. See, he just stands there. My guess is that you’re gonna have to somehow show him exactly what you want, and that could possibly be a small problem.”
Getting the message, Helen began using her telepathy to send Vlad instructions for what to do next.
Nibiru sighed. “Are you even sure he possesses the same power as Leon?”
“Yes!” Sagan said with no hesitation.
After a second, Nibiru raised his hand to begin forming a crimson shadow seed when Vlad suddenly punched him so fast and hard it sent him crashing into the building.
The impact was so powerful that Sagan was knocked down by the force of the impact.
Grunting loudly, Vlad sprouted a full set of wings, an act that made Marus and Gavin look at each other with astonishment.
“Kill it,” Helen commanded.
Without question, Vlad took off through the big hole in the building to meet Nibiru outside.
Levitating in midair, Nibiru grinned at his powerful opponent. “Quite the brute, are we?”
Vlad held one hand out to Nibiru. The middle of his palm opened up revealing a ball of blood. In an instant, the blood exploded into a bright flash of light.
Though as fast as the light was, Nibiru was equally fast, briefly teleporting away and behind, this time very near Vlad to deliver a devastating punch of his own.
 Briefly careening through the air, Vlad fired off another blast of light, and another; and each time, Nibiru instantly teleported away and back.
“You’re going to have to do better than that,” Nibiru sneered.
Vlad and Nibiru closed in on each other at a frightening speed. They hit one another so hard that both went sailing into the buildings behind them.
Both rapidly recovered and went at it like nothing else mattered. They moved so fast that to the normal eye they could only be seen for the briefest amount of time before they were somewhere else.
The only edge Nibiru had was to teleport away and then back to catch Vlad off guard, but even that didn’t work, as Vlad was fast enough to counter anything Nibiru could throw at him.
The reverse was true as well, although, Vlad couldn’t teleport. Several times he tried to hit Nibiru with his light, but it just wasn’t possible.
Nibiru dodged another attack, teleporting away to the roof of a nearby building. “Alright you. I’m going to make you an offer you can’t refuse.”
Vlad looked on, though it’s questionable if he was actually listening, or even understood.
“Take this,” Nibiru said, creating another crimson shadow seed in his hand. “And join me.”
Not thinking much of it and unable to talk, Vlad flew over and grabbed the shadow seed, absorbing it much to Nibiru’s delight.
Vlad’s hand turned black as the seed consumed him and began spreading towards his elbow.
That’s when Nibiru noticed something wasn’t quite right. The spread of the shadow seed came to a halt.
It was clear Vlad was fighting the transformation and winning. As quickly as the shadow seed had spread, it began to disappear.
When Vlad opened his hand the crimson shadow seed instantly turned into a ball of light.
Completely caught by surprise, Nibiru barely teleported away in time before the ball of light exploded. He reappeared on the roof of a nearby building with smoke pouring off his body. “Y…you imbecile…” he growled, summoning his sword in his hand.
Vlad and Nibiru continued going back and forth with their attacks.
Nibiru’s sword didn’t do too much damage when it struck, and he could heal just as well as any Vesuvian when Vlad landed a few good swipes with his claws.
The fight continued in this manner for a few minutes until Nibiru began to easily dodge all of Vlad's attacks and land a few of his own.
Although still blindingly fast, Vlad was starting to slow down, and Nibiru knew why.
“Running a little low on blood?” Nibiru said as he closed in, striking with several blows. It was only a matter of time before he began to overwhelm Vlad.
Landing a series of hits, Nibiru smiled in triumph. “Why don’t you get yourself a drink!” he said, kicking Vlad so hard that he crashed into the street among the humans below.
Vlad’s impact had made a small crater. The humans looked on curiously but kept their distance.
Sara got closer to see if Vlad was alright.
“I don’t think you should get too close to that guy,” Richard said.
In spite of the beating he just took, Vlad got back to his feet rather quickly, but it was obvious he wasn’t in top form. His body was riddled with spats of blood and scuff marks, and his poor posture was another indication of his weakness.
Sara took several steps back when Vlad began eyeballing her. She got the distinct feeling she wasn’t looking at a person so much as an animal. “Get back!” she yelled at the surrounding soldiers.
Vlad stepped toward Sara, reaching out as his mouth opened revealing the fangs inside. He was thirsty, and Sara was the closest victim.
Although she could have escaped, Sara knew Vlad, even in his weakened state, was still strong enough to easily snatch up another human to consume.
Sara stood her ground, waiting as Vlad stepped closer before she lunged forward in the blink of an eye and stabbed him in the heart with her talon.
The most powerful Vesuvian ever roared in pain as he rapidly burned up, disintegrating into ash.
Richard was in awe. “That was fast, too fast. Sara, did you sneak some Vesuvian blood or something?”
Sara didn’t even hear the question. The only thing she could think of was the fact that she had just killed everyone’s last hope of salvation.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN

“I’m gonna kill her,” Denzso said, burying his head into his arms like a tired kid in school.
“You can’t blame her,” Marus said. “She was only defending herself. You probably would have done the same thing.”
Denzso sat up for a moment about to argue and realized he would certainly look like a flat-out liar if he had said otherwise. Instead, he sulked back on the table.
Gavin took a seat next to Alexia and Helen. “Is it possible to make another one?”
“Sure,” Helen answered. “But without Leon’s blood, it certainly isn’t going to be as powerful as Vlad. So what’s the point?”
“I agree,” Alexia said. “But it may still be our best option.”
Listening in on the conversation, Jaren suddenly leaned over. “I’ve got it! Let’s get all the elders together and add their blood to the basin.”
A terrified look crossed Alexia’s face. “That’s not possible.”
“Huh? Why?” Jaren asked?
“It would be way too difficult,” Alexia said. “You have to understand part of the problem with creating something like that is the number of people involved. It was hard enough forming Leon out of seven people, let alone eight for Vlad. I’m sorry.”
Sagan grabbed Jaren’s shoulder. “It was a good idea.”
Everyone was depressed with the look of defeat, wondering what to do next.
Gavin began slowly pacing around the table, nervously running his hands through his hair.
Alexia hugged Helen tight as she began to sob. “It’s alright. We’ll think of something.”
Jaren and Sagan looked over the map spread across the table.
“Looks like the lines are holding here and here,” Jaren said.
“What about the humans and Khothu?” Sagan asked.
Marus stood by the balcony, looking out at his beautiful city. Resting on the doorway, he closed his eyes as a single tear fell in mourning for his son, Leon.
Denzso finally managed to sit up. “I’ll be damned if I’m going to give up so easily,” he said, getting up to join the others by the map. “Where’s the Pelasgian army?
“They fell back after that stunt Leon pulled,” Jaren replied. “The Khothu are looking pretty good. There’s almost nothing in front of the humans. Our people and the Hegirans took a beating. And the Fenrir, Prometheans, and Koiga have fallen behind our lines.”
Denzso examined the map carefully. “I’m surprised the Koiga showed up.”
“You can thank the Hegirans for that,” Sagan said. “All in all, we gave the Pelasgians a pretty good beating.”
Marus came back around the table. “If the Pelasgians are going to send reinforcements it’ll be soon. I think we should put the Fenrir between our people and the Khothu.”
“Yes,” Denzso agreed. “Let’s put the Prometheans with the humans and the Koiga with the Hegirans. Now, the only question is do we attack, or let them come to us?”
Nibiru teleported into the room before anyone could answer. “Have I come at a bad time?”
“Not at all,” Gavin answered. “We were just discussing how we’re going to beat you back into the Shadow Realm.”
“Is that so?” Nibiru grinned. “If I didn’t know any better I’d say you tricked me with that halfwit of a Vesuvian. I must admit, I kinda like your style.”
“Good,” Jaren said. “Let’s just call it even then and stop all this.”
“I don’t think so,” Nibiru laughed, turning his gaze to the balcony. “You see; I was going to spare your lives by assimilating you after I got what I wanted. I was even going to offer some of you the chance to join me. But now I…if only you knew…how upset I am. To be so close.”
Helen nearly jumped out of her chair, startling almost everyone. “Why, Nibiru? There’s nothing here for you! Not anymore. Why can’t you just leave us in peace?”
Nibiru looked to the ground, disappointed. “To be so close,” he said before teleporting away.
Now at the top of the valley, Nibiru turned to Marduk. “I am done here. Call for reinforcements if needed, but kill them all. Do you understand? Spare nothing.”
Marduk bowed his head. “By the time we’re finished there won’t be a single living creature left on this planet.”
And with that, Nibiru vanished.
****
‘What happens now?’ Sara thought. As she was sitting on a crate next to an alleyway, she stared at her shaking hands. No matter how hard she tried she couldn’t make it stop.
At any moment, she was expecting utter chaos. The type you get when a shadow seed hangs over your head.
Richard, Thomas, Jacob, and William were close by speaking with the regular army.
There were a lot of preparations being made as the army moved to entrench themselves by setting up barricades in the alleys and side streets. Lots of doors were also being boarded up to prevent any sneak attacks.
Everyone seemed busy enough, but a sudden burst of activity with soldiers running and yelling made Sara feel like her heart jumped into her throat. She was so afraid to look that her body went numb.
“They’re coming at us again,” Richard said, as he walked by, though he noticed Sara wasn’t budging.
“Is she ok?” Thomas asked.
“We’ll catch up,” Richard said, waving for Thomas to go ahead. He knelt beside Sara, holding her hand. “You look beat, Sara. You’re not giving up on us are you?”
“Giving up?” Sara thought. Richard’s words instantly brought Leon’s last to mind. ‘Don’t give up.’
Taking a deep breath, Sara stood and looked up at the sky. The sound of armies marching filled the air. “Don’t give up,” she whispered.
There was a sudden sound like an explosion, and several soldiers went sailing into the air.
“Whoa!” Richard cried. “What was that?”
With Leon’s blood still flowing through her, Sara leaped up to the roof of the building and ran towards the chaos. When she arrived, she spotted Xran swinging a massive club at the human soldiers.
Sara jumped down, bouncing off Xran’s head with a hard kick that sent him stumbling sideways. She landed on the street gesturing her opponent to come after her.
The Myrmidon quickly recovered and charged after Sara. His club morphed into a huge ax as he swung and missed.
Sara was pintsized compared to Xran. Although she had Leon’s strength, she knew better than to rely on it. Her best bet was to use her speed. She easily evaded the Myrmidon’s attacks and began a game of cat and mouse, leading Xran over buildings and through side streets.
Xran grew angrier with each swing and a miss. His mounting frustration blinded him to the fact that Sara was actually leading him somewhere. And that somewhere was straight into the fist of a Promethean named Arloff.
If Sara’s kick was like a slap to the face, Arloff’s punch was like being hit with a boulder. Xran dropped his weapon as he went flying into a group of Prometheans in the street.
The Prometheans gave Xran no chance of recovering as they swarmed all over him like it was an initiation ceremony for the joining of the dead.
Sara jumped up from one roof to another going higher each time. Several stories up, she got a better sense of what was going on.
The Pelasgians had regrouped and were attacking the city on all sides. This time, however, portals had opened up behind the Rheans’ lines, and the Pelasgians were now well within the city. The Myrmidons were all over the place causing mayhem.
Sara spotted Cesni dashing in and around the Vesuvian army using his speed and blades to slice apart anyone that came near him.
Doing her best to stay out of sight, Sara dashed across the rooftops. She almost got the jump on Cesni before he happened to look her way and threw a pair of molted arm blades at her.
Sara flipped over the incoming projectiles and unleashed both of her talons. Knowing what she was up against, the feeling of playing it safe was thrown out the window. She recklessly closed in on Cesni and exchanged a rapid series of parries.
Surprised at Sara’s aggressiveness, Cesni retreated for distance to molt his blades and throw them. Each one missed with Sara sticking so close, relentlessly attacking.
Trying to go on the offensive, Cesni swung wide, leaving himself open for a hard kick to the gut that knocked him off the building.
As Sara chased Cesni down, she was caught off guard when he molted and threw his blades in free fall. Displaying the same agility, she twisted her body, dodging one blade while smashing two of them with her talons. The fourth one got through however and sliced her across the back.
If it hadn’t been for Leon’s blood, she would have screamed in pain. Fortunately, her wound healed by the time she landed on the street.
The only bad thing was that Cesni had landed first, and managed to dart away giving himself room to throw wave after wave of blades.
Sara skillfully dodged or deflected all of Cesni’s blades. Though now she wasn’t even trying to close the distance. Instead, she flipped several times backward, much to the Myrmidon’s relief.
Cesni only stopped his attack when Sara escaped the fight by running into an alley. But the moment of victory was quickly overshadowed by several growls coming from behind him.
Turning around, Cesni came face to face with a dozen Fenrir being led by Rona. Throwing several blades at them, he made a desperate jump for the safety of the roofs.
However, halfway up, the last thing Cesni would ever see was Hurok descending upon him.
Knowing there were more Myrmidons, Sara rapidly moved from rooftop to rooftop using her enhanced senses to find them.
It was near one of the city’s rivers that Sara found Ivee harassing the Khothu, and Vela some distance away exchanging fire with the Hegirans.
The buildings in the area were of the very tall variety. Sara ran along the ledges, keeping a low profile until she could strike.
Still about a block away, Sara was filled with dread when she saw Ivee ensnare Gillan with her whip.
Equipping her halo, Sara quickly jumped to the next building and launched herself down like a meteor towards the Myrmidon.
As Ivee was getting ready to give Gillan a good toss into a nearby building, Sara seemed to come from out of nowhere slicing her whip in half.
Sara wasted no time moving in for the kill with her Vesuvian speed. Though being just as fast, Ivee reacted quickly and both women wound up grabbing each other’s hand or wrist.
As the women struggled to overpower one another, Gillan summoned a torrent of water that crashed into them and broke the stalemate.
With Ivee dazed for that brief moment, Gillan used the water to suck her into the river and hold her there.
Unharmed, Sara quickly got to her feet and watched as Ivee struggled to escape her prison of water. Knowing it was a horrible way to go, she almost felt pity for the Myrmidon.
A tear fell from Gillan’s eye seeing the pain he was causing Ivee. Nevertheless, he stood firm and held her until he was sure she was dead.
Bringing Ivee’s body ashore, Gillan knelt beside her and ran his hand across her eyes to shut them.
“You did what you had to,” Sara said. “Don’t feel otherwise.”
A large explosion several blocks away caught their attention.
“Thanks for saving me,” Gillan said.
Sara moved fast to reach Vela before she could cause any more damage. All she had to do was follow the series of explosions erupting throughout a small section of the city.
While the Hegirans scrambled for cover in and around the buildings, Vela jumped from one building to another firing energy blasts down at them.
Sara dashed between the buildings to try and get around, but Vela wasn’t standing still and her movements were completely random.
“Hey!” Sara shouted.
Vela immediately turned and fired a volley of energy blasts.
Jumping from one ledge to another, Sara avoided the explosions in the nick of time as she tried closing the distance. But no matter how hard or fast she went, though, she couldn’t close the gap between them. It felt like she was doing something incredibly stupid; chasing Vela like this. At least she had turned the Myrmidon’s attention away from the people below.
Vela bounced from one building to another as she ran, firing the occasional shot to throw Sara off balance. And after a while, it seemed as though she managed to lose her.
Looking down for more victims as she rounded another building, Vela had no time to react when she was confronted with a large piece of debris Sara had thrown at her. The impact knocked her out of the air and all the way down to the ground.
Landing with a hard thud, Vela managed to get back on her feet thanks to her Myrmidon toughness. Too bad that same toughness didn’t do much to keep one of Nedim’s energy blasts from completely obliterating her five feet away.
Looking at what was left of the Myrmidon, Nedim shook his head in disgust. “Good riddance to bad rubbish.”
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Scanning the skyline from the top of a building, Sara was stunned to see a fight being waged on the roof of the Council’s building. From a distance, it was difficult to see who it was.
Sara made her way across the city as fast as she could. Several blocks away she could start to make out Marus, Gavin, and Denzso in a fierce battle against Marduk.
The roof was mostly a large open space with a simple layout of a few ventilation shafts and two entryways.
It was no competition as Marduk effortlessly countered every attack thrown at him. The only one who actually put up a challenge was Denzso, but even he couldn’t quite match the Myrmidon’s skill and was knocked aside.
Marus melded with the shadows and quickly reemerged from another near Marduk, but he wasn’t nearly fast enough to land a hit.
Hoping to overwhelm Marduk with numbers, Denzso rushed in only to be countered with an arm lock.
Marduk threw a kick that knocked Marus almost all the way back to the edge of the roof. Pulling his sword out, he gave Denzso’s arm a good twist before impaling him through the heart.
“No!” Marus cried as he watched his fellow Vesuvian burn away.
In his legendary form, Gavin swooped in from behind hoping to catch Marduk by surprise. Again, the Myrmidon was too fast; dodging the attack while a swing of his blade took an arm and a wing off the Liro.
Badly hurt, Gavin crashed into the roof. Bleeding profusely, his body reverted to its normal form as it repaired the damage.
“I was expecting a little better,” Marduk said disappointedly. Flipping his sword in a show of boredom, he barely caught sight of Sara as she landed on the roof and attacked.
Sara struck hard and fast with her equinox. With skill, speed, and strength to match, she was proving a handful.
Marduk couldn’t press for anything without getting an elbow to the face, or a kick to the side of the knee. It was frustrating, but he managed to keep his composure.
Refusing to let up, Sara’s strikes became even more aggressive to the point where she was knocking Marduk around a bit. So it was a shock when she suddenly found herself face-to-face with him and his sword in her abdomen.
 “Uh-oh,” Marduk smirked. “Out of blood?”
Collapsing to the ground, Sara cradled her stomach as she backed up against one of the ventilation shafts.
Weak from the loss of blood himself, Marus strained to get Gavin up to his feet.
“Leaving so soon?” Marduk asked.
After taking a quick peek over the edge of the roof, Marus turned to Gavin. “I hope you can still fly,” he said, before tossing the Liro over.
Too weak to do anything else, Marus stood facing his city until the end came at the tip of Marduk’s sword as well.
“M…Marus,” Sara said weakly. “No,”
Unable to turn into his legendary form, Gavin landed hard on the balcony to the Council’s chamber.
Standing just inside, Alexia was shocked. “Gavin? Oh dear, are you alright?” she asked, kneeling down to hand him a blood marble.
Helen cradled herself as she nervously rocked back and forth in her chair. “They got Denzso and Marus,” she said. “Sara, that poor girl. She’s still alive.”
Jaren was fidgeting as well while he paced back and forth around the room, repeating. “Dead, dead, dead. We’re all dead.”
The only one who appeared calm was Sagan. Moving several tokens around the map, he let out a long sigh with a sad look. “It was good while it lasted…I guess.”
As everything seemed completely lost, and everyone had given up, an orange portal flared up near the table.
Lilith stepped through, closing the portal behind her.
Alexia quickly approached, slightly bowing her head in respect. “Lilith, I regret to inform you that the battle is not going well, at all. It pains me to say it but, I don’t think we can win this.”
With a faint smile, Lilith gently held Alexia’s arm before walking past Gavin and out to the balcony. “Not if I have anything to say about it,” she said.
****
Marduk stood near Sara as he gazed out to the city. “You should have taken my boss’ offer,” he said. “Then you wouldn’t be lying there, dying.”
Sara winced in pain as she slightly adjusted herself against the shaft.
“Too bad,” Marduk said. “You would have made a good Myrmidon.”
“Better to be dead than a Myrmidon,” a voice said.
It was a voice Marduk shouldn’t have heard, one that sent a chill down his spine. “Impossible. Leon?” he said, turning to face the Vesuvian standing at the opposite end of the roof.
“You’ve only got one chance,” Leon said. “Get out of here, or I’ll cut your head off.”
“No,” Marduk said in disbelief. “You’re dead. You have no power.”
Leon unsheathed his sword, pointing it at the Myrmidon. “Care to find out?”
Marduk hesitated for a moment as he wondered if Leon was bluffing. A cautious smile crossed his face as he readied his sword.
Both fighters suddenly charged in, meeting halfway with a clash of their swords. The Myrmidon didn’t think it was funny however when it became apparent Leon had his full Vesuvian strength.
The speed at which both men fought was almost too fast to keep up with.
Leon laid the pressure on extra hard.
Forcing Marduk to dash away towards another roof, Leon immediately gave chase, giving his opponent little chance to recuperate.
It was an incredible display of speed, power, and swordsmanship.
Marduk was in full defense form, clashing only when he had to and darting away when he could. Every time he attempted to go on the offensive, Leon perfectly countered with either a strike or a slash to the body.
No matter how hard or fast Marduk fought, he couldn’t get the edge. All he could do was hope for Leon to make a mistake.
Landing on a building with a larger roof than most, Marduk’s small injuries began to take their toll. Running was no longer an option. Filled with desperation, he somehow managed to knock Leon’s sword up in the air, only to badly miss with his next swing and take a roundhouse kick to the face that sent him sprawling over halfway across the roof.
Catching his sword in one hand, Leon waited for the despicable Myrmidon to get back up.
Marduk couldn’t look more pathetic if he tried. He stood; clearly beat, but unwilling to surrender. Holding his sword in both hands, he wailed as he made a mad dash headlong towards Leon.
The Vesuvian was only too kind to oblige, meeting the Myrmidon halfway with a final swing of their swords.
It all happened so fast, Marduk took several steps before dropping to his knees as his head rolled off his shoulders.
Leon didn’t look back as he moved on to return to Council’s building. Reaching the roof as fast as he could, he found Sara, still alive but in bad shape. “Hold on,” he said, running towards her.
Leon came within feet of Sara when Nibiru suddenly appeared in front of him swinging his sword. He barely managed to block the powerful strike that sent him flying back across the roof.
“Alive are we?” Nibiru said, with a blank expression on his face.
Leon quickly stood. “You just don’t get it, do you?”
Nibiru turned and began walking to the opposite end of the roof. “I’ve always wondered why people resist the inevitable. We can do this for a long time,”
Trying to think of what to do next, Leon discretely looked around at the surrounding buildings.
“You know it, and I know it,” Nibiru continued. “The only reason you have managed to resist for so long is that you possess a power I desire,”
Leon walked just past Nibiru and over to Sara. He looked over the edge of the roof. Several dozen feet down was a wide ledge rimmed with gargoyles. The ledge was just big enough for a person to be able to comfortably walk along it.
Nibiru turned back to Leon. “I honestly thought that after all this time you would have come to realize that joining me was the best thing you could do. Not only for yourself but for your world.”
Old Trusty lay just out of Sara’s reach. Leon casually picked the weapon up, examining the blade's sharpness with his finger.
“Are you ignoring me?” Nibiru asked.
Handing Sara her weapon, Leon looked at the Pelasgian. “I’ll take my chances and tell you to go crawl back under that little rock you came from.”
Nibiru’s expression instantly went from stoic to confounded.
In the most measured risk he’d ever taken, Leon sheathed his sword and waved his hand dismissively at Nibiru. “Do your worst.”
Nibiru felt like an explosion of rage overcame him. Lashing out, he instantly grabbed Leon by the neck with both hands. “Perhaps…perhaps Marduk was right! Maybe if I beat you within an inch of your lousy…miserable life –”
Leon threw a knee hard up into Nibiru’s stomach. It was enough to break away and deliver a few nasty rapid punches to the midsection and face. As fast as he could, Leon pulled his sword out, slicing his hand in the process to light up the sky.
It wasn’t nearly fast enough.
Nibiru vanished and then reappeared in the same spot, punching Leon so hard it knocked him off the building. Teleporting to the edge of the roof, he saw Leon land on the ledge of the next building over. “Very well, Leon. If I can’t have your power, I’ll destroy you and this entire planet.”
Raising his hand to the sky, Nibiru conjured a massive shadow seed over the valley. “And I’ll do it slowly,” he grinned. “Save you and Sara for last.”
The already darkened sky became even blacker as the winds quickly picked up like a hurricane.
Nibiru darted down to Leon as the sound of thunder and flashes of lightning filled the sky.
Matching Nibiru’s speed wasn’t too difficult, but his strength was something else.
Rapidly moving from one ledge to another, Leon saw firsthand the incredible devastation Nibiru’s sword caused to the building.
Inky streaks rained down from the shadow seed, searching for anyone to assimilate. The Pelasgian army halted their attack and watched as Rheans were transformed into their kindred. Many futilely tried fighting the streaks anyway they could as they ran. 
Nibiru almost caught Leon off guard when he unexpectedly teleported behind him, with the impact from their swords sending Leon crashing against the building.
If the Vesuvian hadn’t recovered as quickly and jumped when he did, Nibiru would have brought his sword right down the middle of his body.
Landing on a roof, Leon stood his ground and exchanged several clashes with Nibiru. Even using his full strength and speed, he still wasn’t able to get past the Pelasgian’s defense.
Everything seemed effortless for Nibiru. Whenever Leon made the mistake of giving him a wide enough berth, which wasn’t much, he simply had to swing his sword hard enough to send the Vesuvian sailing through the air.
On every rooftop they landed, Leon took his chances to press an offensive, and each time, he wound up with a stab or a cut to some part of his body before being driven off.
Beginning to feel the drain on his body, Leon had to go on the defense. The only way he could avoid Nibiru was to change his direction every chance he got.
Allowing his frustration to get the better of him, Nibiru went into a full rampage, destroying large chunks of the buildings all around Leon.
The amount of debris was so much and so large that Leon could run on them, but it was utter chaos as the debris fell unpredictably, breaking apart and colliding with each other.
With his senses at their peak, Leon navigated the falling rocks with relative ease. It wasn’t until Nibiru appeared and the two began clashing swords that he really began to push himself.
To make things worse, Nibiru’s disappearing act made it impossible to track him.
Feeling more strain on his blood, Leon made a desperate move to evade Nibiru and frantically darted out of the debris.
The Council’s building was directly ahead.
Just as Leon made it to the ledge, he was thrown off balance when Nibiru sheered a chunk of it away. Having to jump again to a section that wasn’t falling, Leon was unable to defend himself against a waiting Nibiru.
The Pelasgian pummeled Leon with his fists before knocking him down and driving his sword through the Vesuvian’s chest.
Nibiru’s blade was less than an inch away from Leon’s heart and went all the way through into the gargoyle behind him.
Grunting in mild pain, Leon knew he couldn’t go anywhere. Looking up, he could see Sara peeking from the edge of the roof.
“And so it ends,” Nibiru calmly said.
“You win,” Leon gasped. “You win.”
Nibiru couldn’t believe his ears. “What?”
Struggling to breathe with a sword in his chest, Leon’s words were muttered. “You were…right,” he said.
Hesitation, and then the gradual feeling of joy filled Nibiru. It was almost too good to be true.
Keeping his sword in place, Nibiru conjured a crimson shadow seed. “Take this,” he grinned.
Sara watched in horror as Leon slowly began to reach for the seed that would turn him into a Myrmidon. It was a wonder she noticed the small twinkle of light from the corner of her eye. Looking over, she found the light was coming from the blood Leon had left on her equinox.
With the moment he had long been waiting for at hand, Nibiru’s anticipation grew with every inch closer Leon came to the crimson shadow seed. Nothing else mattered.
Using every ounce of energy she had left, Sara jumped straight down, slamming her equinox into Nibiru’s back. The blade went all the way through, only inches away from Leon’s face.
Nibiru’s sword and crimson shadow seed evaporated as he reacted to the blade of light protruding from his chest. Growling in anger, he staggered back in his attempt to resist what was taking place inside him.
Sara was easily thrown off to the side where she passed out, leaving Leon to witness as Nibiru fell back against the building and slowly dissolve into fading specks of light.
The massive shadow seed hanging over the valley suddenly undulated more violently than normal. Small rays of light appeared across its surface and slowly began to spread.
After the last bit of a growling Nibiru vanished, Leon struggled to turn himself over and see what was happening to the city. Aside from the swirling rays of light, he was surprised to see Eris floating out in front of him.
Before either could say anything, Eris was touched by a streak of light. In a matter of seconds, her skin and wings went from jet black to pearl white, and her glowing red eyes became blue.
Leon was speechless at the transformation.
“There is only one thing left to do,” Eris said, flying away towards the shadow seed, which now looked like a white star. Her body began to glow with a brilliant blue energy just as she flew into it.
Whatever Eris was doing, a radiant blue aura swept over the surface of the star as it began to flicker.
Leon hastily crept over and took blood from his chest to place it on Sara’s wound.
Suddenly healed and full of energy, Sara instantly sat up, wary of what was happening.
The star’s rays of light seemed to have a life of their own as they searched for anyone who had been corrupted by its evil counterpart.
Rheans, even Vesuvians, touched by the light simply changed back to their normal form. The Pelasgians as well were reverted back to their much more benevolent selves.
“What’s going on?” Sara asked.
Weakly getting to his knees, Leon smiled. “We won.”
Continuing its world-altering miracle for several more minutes, the star finally vanished in a flash of light, leaving Eris hovering at the center.
Sara and Leon had climbed to the roof. As they took a moment for Leon to sit and rest, Eris landed beside them.
“What exactly did you do?” Leon asked.
“I restored everything,” Eris answered. “When you exposed Nibiru to the light, his shadow seed was also changed. I used my ability to send its power to all the worlds Nibiru had assimilated, the Shadow Realm.”
“That’s amazing,” Sara said. “We actually did it.”
Leaning back on his hands, Leon asked. “So, that’s it?”
“Mostly,” Eris replied. “I must open the portals that will send everyone back to their homeworlds. After that, who knows?”
Leon got his feet and extended his hand.
Eris though stepped in and hugged him. “Thank you,” she said, before turning to Sara and hugging her as well. “You saved us all.”
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

It was like a full-blown party in Vesuvia, and literally, all of Rhea was invited. And like any good party, there was plenty of food, music, and drink to go around.
Sara and Leon were back down on the street enjoying their hard-fought victory. There were cries and cheers throughout the city so loud that Sara thought she was going to go deaf.
As they made their way through the crowd, nearly everyone congratulated them.
One of the plazas had become the place for all the high-ranking officials to get together. Sara practically knew everyone there.
“Over here!” Richard yelled, waving along with Jacob, Thomas, and William.
Grabbing a drink herself, Sara went over.
With the group gathering in a circle, Richard raised his drink. “To you,” he said, looking at Sara. “For being a fine example to all mankind, and for representing our race in the finest way,”
“You always know how to make a girl blush,” Sara said, raising her drink with the others and enjoying it.
“What you did was absolutely insane,” Richard said. “And I mean that in a good way.”
“Yeah,” Jacob added. “I caught a glimpse of when you were jumping across those buildings like it was nothing!”
“How does it feel?” Thomas asked. “Being able to move like that?”
Thinking briefly, Sara answered. “You ever have those moments where you actually feel like you could do something, something impossible, but you don’t realize you can’t until afterward?”
“Like trying to lift a wagon that turns out to be a tad too heavy?” William frowned.
“Sorta,” Sara said. “Just imagine that moment right before, that feeling, and then knowing for sure that you can do it.”
“It’s almost like confidence,” Richard said. “But it’s much more than that. It’s almost as if all doubt is erased…or...it’s hard to describe actually.”
“That’s because you’re human,” Leon said, as he joined the group. “Being able to suddenly do the impossible is hard to describe.”
“Well, now that you’re here,” Sara said. “Grab a drink and stick around.”
Leon quickly put his hand out in front. “I’ll stick around, but I don’t do too well with the drinking. You know better, we Vesuvians get all funny with that stuff.”
“Oh come on, Leon,” Richard pleaded. “I’ve gotta see that.”
Leon looked to his left, pointing. “You see that building over there with the sign that says Neila’s?”
“Yeah,” Richard replied.
“Go over there in about five minutes,” Leon said. “They can get…pretty rambunctious. I laughed so hard one time my stomach actually hurt.”
“Count me in,” William said.
“William,” Sara said like a parent about to scold her child. “Why do I have a bad feeling you’re going to do something crazy?”
“Cut me some slack,” William smiled. “How often am I going to be able to get drunk with a Vesuvian?”
“Just make sure to stay clear of the Remians,” Leon warned.
“The Remians?” William chuckled. “Those are my favorite,”
Jacob shook his head. “I’m gonna have to watch you again, aren’t I?”
“I’m going to keep my eye on both of you,” Thomas said. “I swear you two knuckleheads better not get into any trouble…”
Grumbling, Jacob and William were about to go into a full-blown halfhearted pushing contest when Sara raised her drink.
Clearing her throat to get the group’s attention, Sara looked at Leon. “A toast to you,” she said, “For being there when we needed you most.”
Raising their drinks, the men cheered. “Hear, hear!”
Leon nodded his appreciation before feeling someone jovially shaking his arm.
“How’s everyone’s favorite Vesuvian?” Gillan asked, making the crowd bigger with Melkor, Nedim, Janah, and Caycee.
“Favorite you say?” Leon smiled.
“I know; I know,” Gillan said. “You only had to save all of existence to get there but, yeah.”
Leon reached out to shake hands with Gillan. “You were absolutely incredible,”
“Well, I had a little help,” Gillan said. “You weren’t too bad yourself, though.”
“How did you channel the power of the Caidoz?” Nedim asked.
“I had this rock,” Gillan answered, pulling it out of his pocket, though it was now dull and gray. “It used to be more jade-like.”
With the slightest squeeze, the rock fragmented in Gillan’s hand. “So much for that.”
Melkor silently looked around as though he were looking for someone.
“What’s wrong with you?” Gillan asked. “Come on, cheer up.”
“What happened to those who…passed?” Melkor replied.
“Sorry,” Nedim answered. “Lilith recalled them immediately after the battle.”
“Oh,” Melkor said solemnly.
Waving two drinks, Hurok suddenly barged into the middle of the group. Rona was right behind him trying to hold him back.
“Leon!” Hurok yelled. “Why are you not drinking? This is a time for celebration.”
“Sorry, Leon,” Rona said. “Not much you can do once he starts lapping it up.”
With everyone now looking at him, Leon caved. “Alright, Hurok,” he said, taking the drink. “I suppose one won’t hurt.”
Janah smirked. “That’s what they always say,”
“Yep,” Caycee agreed. “And before you know it, they’re on number six.”
Leon noticed a swell in the crowd coming from the main street that ran along the plaza. Whatever it was, it was gathering a lot of attention. Thinking maybe a fight had broken out, he went over to investigate.
By the time Leon made it, the source of the commotion revealed itself. It was Arloff, followed by a massive crowd of those who had crossed over to the Netherworld, but there was something drastically different about them. Their skin was smooth and had color, and the pupils of their eyes were not dilated.
“Arloff,” Leon said stunned. “You’re alive!”
The two crowds couldn’t mingle fast enough. Everyone instantly began looking for anyone they knew.
“Think we can join the party?” Arloff asked.
Leon stepped aside with an inviting hand. “Consider yourselves special guests.”
Rona spotted a familiar friend among the incoming crowd. She grabbed Hurok by the ear and pulled him along. “Doradus!” she cried.
“What?” Hurok said in disbelief. Though he was pleasantly surprised, he certainly didn’t act like it. “Well, well, well. You lucky little lycan!”
“In the flesh,” Doradus grinned.
With Arloff still standing next to him, Leon had to ask. “Okay, it doesn’t take an alchemist to see Lilith released you, but why? Not that I’m complaining.”
Arloff crossed his arms as he tried to remember. “Hmm…something about restoring the balance the Pelasgians had undone.”
“Oy, oy, oy!” Darek hollered, as he rushed Leon and roughhoused with him. “You did it mate.”
“Welcome back to the land of the living,” Leon said, backing off as he looked at all the people coming in. “I would say not everyone gets a second chance, but…”
Taking a deep breath, Darek was all smile from ear to ear. “Oy, take a gander,” he said, pointing.
Turning back towards the plaza, Leon saw Gavin shaking hands with Marus and Denzso.
‘Everyone’s back,’ Leon thought as Marus looked his way and gave a proud nod.
“Oy, look,” Darek said.
Leon turned to see Kamala standing several feet away anxiously looking around.
“Everybody, MOVE!” Arloff yelled, with everyone around Kamala doing just that.
A moment later, Melkor emerged from the crowd and found his wife. Everyone that knew them watched intently as the Komodo dropped to his knees in tears.
Kamala, crying as well, hurried to her husband’s waiting arms to embrace each other like never before.
Those watching said nothing. The amazing moment, once thought impossible, was too good to ruin. Though, even if they had the words, they wouldn’t know what to say.
Being able to suddenly do the impossible is hard to describe.
CHAPTER NINETEEN

“Will you wake up?!” Juli grunted as she shook Marian rather violently.
Groaning miserably, Marian turned in her bed as tried pulling the cover over her. “Ohhh, I don’t think I can do another night of partying. Sara’s out of her mind.”
“Sara’s leaving,” Juli snapped. “Now come on and get ready.”
“Big deal,” Marian said. “She’ll come back.”
Juli threw her hands up in frustration. “Okay, fine. Have it your way,” she said, walking silently away to the restroom only to emerge seconds later with a bucket in hand. Quickly creeping up, she dumped the cold water on her friend.
Marian instantly squealed as she jumped out of bed. Scowling as she tried to catch her breath, she suddenly tackled Juli.
When Marian was finally ready, she and Juli stepped outside to a beautiful morning in New Haven.
Much of the damage that had been done during the Pelasgian siege was repaired. Everything was back to normal with the exception of more soldiers patrolling the streets.
“As if these streets weren’t crowded enough already,” Marian complained.
Juli pulled Marian along as she walked. “If it makes you feel any better, I hear they should all be gone in the next couple of days.”
The combination of the noisy city, Marian’s lack of coordination, and the fact she didn’t feel well meant that the first few people she bumped into made her head feel like it was going to explode. She grabbed Juli’s arm and clung to it like a sick child, digging her head into her friend’s shoulder just to try and make it feel better.
“I’m a bit surprised, Marian,” Juli said. “For all the parties you get to attend, I would think you could handle a few drinks.”
Marian kept her head on Juli’s shoulder. “Those ‘parties’ are formal dinners. Not like these all-you-can-drink buffets.”
“Okay,” Juli said, going off to the side and sitting Marian on a bench with a row of bushes on each side. “Lean back. Relax. I’ll be just a moment.”
Slumping miserably, it was difficult for Marian to open her eyes. She tried reclining her head. It worked for a moment. Trying to get comfortable, she leaned forward, burying her face in her hands.
Juli returned within a minute. “Alright, here,” she said, offering a canteen. “Drink this water. It’ll make you feel better.”
“Oh, thanks,” Marian said, taking the canteen and hastily drinking from it.
“You’re welcome,” Juli smiled, patting her friend on the back. “I hope you don’t mind, I had to get that water from the trough by the stable.”
Marian instantly turned and heaved into the bushes next to her.
Some of the passerbys cringed at the sight of the sick blonde.
“Okay, just relax,” Juli said as she rubbed Marian’s back. “You’re gonna feel much better now.”
“How…could you?” Marian gasped, as she turned looking in shock at Juli.
“It was a joke,” Juli replied. “Look, you needed to get that out of your system. I got the water from a trader just down the street. Now get up and let’s get moving.”
There were few soldiers at the Citadel. Juli and Marian had no trouble getting inside and making their way up to Sara’s quarters.
Juli knocked on the door.
“She’s probably sick like me,” Marian said.
“Yeah right,” Juli snickered. “She could probably go the whole week with no problem.”
A moment later, Sara answered the door. “Hey, Juli. Marian, you okay?”
“She’ll be fine,” Juli said. “I took care of her.”
“I hate you,” Marian whispered.
Sara invited the ladies in. “I’m almost ready. I just need to gather some stuff.”
Marian went straight for the couch to lie down while Juli sat in a chair at the small table.
“Give me one minute,” Sara said, going to her bedroom to continue putting on her gear.
Juli spoke a little louder than Marian would have like. “They fixed your room up pretty nice,”
“Repairing the damage didn’t take long,” Sara replied back. “I think I can still smell the smoke, though.”
“Please…” Marian muttered.
“So how long do you think you’ll be out this time?” Juli asked.
“I’m not sure,” Sara said, appearing at the doorway. “I have to get my assignment first, but everyone’s been saying it’s going to be important.”
Marian looked up. “Saving the world again?”
“Not that important,” Sara smiled. “I know it’s going to be an escort mission, and I also know that there’s a new city being built by the Rheans. I could be wrong, but, I’m pretty sure the two go together.”
“Is it true?” Juli asked. “Rheans are actually going to move into New Haven or even Gaia?”
Sara shrugged. “I would think so,” she said, disappearing back into her room. “It’ll probably be just a few ambassadors and their families.”
“You’ve made us all sorts of new friends, haven’t you?” Marian asked. Beginning to feel slightly better, she sat upright. Even with her natural beauty, she looked like she hadn’t slept in days.
“What’s the matter, Marian?” Juli replied. “Scared?”
Sara came back, buttoning down her pouches as she sat down at the table. “There’s nothing to be scared of. I mean, there’s no reason to be more afraid of them than some random person standing next to you at the market.”
“You like them, don’t you?” Juli asked.
“I do now,” Sara said. “It’s no secret I was specially trained to kill them, but that was before. Spending time with them has shown me they’re not the monsters we always thought they were.”
A good hour passed with the girls talking. There was a knock at the door which Sara opened to see Richard.
“Meeting is about to start,” Richard said. “Considering last night, I figured I’d swing by and get you so you aren’t fashionably late.”
“How sweet,” Sara said, turning to her friends. “Well ladies, I’m afraid this is where we part and go our separate ways.”
“Hope we see you sooner rather than later,” Juli said as she and Marian got up and headed out the door.
After giving Sara a hug, Marian gave her a slightly concerned look. “I don’t know if I’m looking forward to you coming back.”
Sara chuckled. “Don’t worry. Next time we’ll make it simple and just have cake.”
Marian sighed. “That sounds…good.”
When Sara and Richard stepped into the meeting, about a dozen people were waiting.
“It’s a bit early,” Henry said. “But since we’re all gathered,”
As everyone took a seat at the table, they found a sealed envelope sitting in front of them.
“The details of the assignment are in the envelopes before you,” Henry said. “Please review them now.”
As everyone opened their envelope and read, Henry explained. “Your next assignment is simple. Escort the newly appointed human ambassador to the embassy in the city of Horrir, which is now being constructed smack-dab in the middle of Rhea.”
Richard was puzzled. “Horror? Are you sure about the spelling or…I think there’s a typo on mine?”
“It’s right,” Sara said amused. “I can already tell it was the Fenrir who came up with it.”
“And you’d be correct,” Henry confirmed. “The city is being built by Rheans, for Rheans. Along the way, you are to rendezvous with a Vesuvian escort, and once the ambassador reaches the city, only half of you will stay. The rest are to return to New Haven. Are there any questions?”
“Who’s the ambassador?” Richard asked.
“I am,” Henry answered. “To be honest, we couldn’t find anyone willing to go. So it fell to me.”
“Who stays and who goes?” Sara asked.
“In your envelopes, some of you will find a coin,” Henry replied. “If you have one, you stay with me in Horrir.”
Everyone immediately checked their envelopes. Sara and Richard were among those who had one.
“It is a three-month term,” Henry continued. “After which, you will return to New Haven until you are selected again. One way or the other, all of you will eventually be stationed in Horrir.”
Several moments passed in silence. Whether anyone was excited or not about the assignment depended on the person. Some seemed anxious, or unsure. Richard was indifferent, and Sara was the only one thrilled about it.
“Now, listen very carefully,” Henry said. “The information I am about to share with you is the first time it is being divulged. As of four days ago, the Rheans formed a permanent alliance with each other. And while they have sent their deepest thanks for our hand in defeating the Pelasgians, they have also expressed a desire for a reduced human presence in Rhea.”
“There’s plenty of room,” Richard said. “Rhea is just as big as Gaia. What gives?”
“It’s their land,” Sara replied. “Just as Gaia is ours.”
Henry nodded. “Yesterday a treaty was signed between us and the alliance. As part of that treaty, we must abandon Alaria and Genoa. We can stay in New Haven, which will serve as a hub for cultural exchange between us and them. So that means you can expect to see a lot of Rheans around here. And the city itself is now the property of the Vesuvian State.”
Somehow none of it seemed surprising, especially to Sara. “There have been rumors of Rheans going to Gaia. Is that true?” she asked.
“Yes,” Henry said. “The exact details are still sketchy, but my understanding is that they are sending an ambassador to represent the alliance. We’ll get more information soon about the whole situation, and rest assured that despite how it may seem, it’s not bad news. Our relationship with the Rheans is stronger than ever, and I promise you that things will get better. Now, let’s pack our bags and get going. Dismissed!”
Sara and Richard followed the others to the armory.
“Three months,” Richard whispered. “Three months in one place. Basically, doing guard duty.”
A sly grin crossed Sara’s face. “Stop whining. After three months, you won’t want to leave.”
CHAPTER TWENTY

Leon had never taken the time to enjoy the ambiance of the forest. He never could. There was always the sense of a looming threat; that in the back of his mind it was all for nothing anyway.
Now, walking along the slow-moving river, Leon felt something was off. Everything he looked at was different. It was almost too peaceful. Somehow he half expected to be attacked at any moment and at the same time he knew no such thing would happen, or at the very least it was very unlikely.
“Get a grip!” Leon thought as he came to a stop. Looking around, his eyes turned black as he heightened his senses. He could hear a lot of people talking and construction going on somewhere off in the distance.
Continuing downriver, Leon eventually came across several Persians, Leviathan, and Vesuvians filling canteens with water.
“Good morning,” Leon waved. “Is this the way to the new city?”
“Right up this hill,” a Persian pointed.
“Thanks,” Leon said. After a short climb, a lot of activity could be seen past the trees. And once Leon made it into the clearing, he was amazed at the scope of work being done.
Thousands of people from every race were working together as they constructed the new city. If the stacks of wood and stone throughout the enormous clearing were any indication, the city was going to be massive.
Already the foundations for many of the buildings were in place, and numerous temporary housing had been built.
“Hey, Leon!” Hurok called as he ran up. “Good to see ya.”
“Hi,” Leon said. “How is everything?”
“It’s incredible,” Hurok replied. “Finally, the Fenrir will have a place to live like everyone else.”
“After all you did, the Fenrir deserve it,” Leon said, pausing as he walked with Hurok and watched several workers move a support column in place. “It’s gonna be something else, a city with all of the races living together.”
“Shouldn’t be a problem,” Hurok said. “We’ve been here for days, and everyone seems to be getting along.”
“What’s the layout going to be like?” Leon asked.
Hurok pulled out a map showing the plan of Horrir. “We want to avoid segregation, so everything from the layout to the architecture is going to be a mix of something new.”
“Horrir,” Leon said, looking at Hurok suspiciously.
“I picked it myself,” Hurok laughed. “Get it?!”
Leon almost cracked up as he handed the plan back. “Yeah, I’m sure it’ll catch on. So what’s your role in all of this?”
Hurok slightly shrunk with embarrassment. “I’m…on the city council. Now it’s nothing fancy like your Council. We just have to get together sometimes to talk about city stuff…you know.”
“Don’t be shy about it,” Leon smiled. “Nothing wrong with being a quill pusher,”
“Oh no, no, no,” Hurok corrected. “I don’t push quills…much. I’ll have you know I’m still in charge of my pack. I only do the council thing when I have to.”
“I’m just teasing,” Leon said as he stopped and looked around. It was interesting to see a Komodo using his power over the earth to carve out the foundation of a building.
Hurok spotted Fenrir doing nothing. “Hey, you aren’t getting paid to stand around. Make yourselves useful or something.”
Leon thought it was a bit funny to see the Fenrir struggle to keep up with the work being done.
“We’ve…never really done this before,” Hurok said. “Feels like we’re a fifth wheel around here,”
Nedim came from behind. “Have patience, Hurok. This is a learning experience for us all,” he said, shaking hands with Leon. “Welcome to Horrir.”
“Thank you,” Leon said. “And congratulations,”
“It’s nothing really,” Nedim shrugged. “I’m only the acting mayor-slash-foreman until we get this city up and running.”
Hurok grunted. “You may as well be the Mayor. Everyone listens to you, and everyone is expecting you to accept the position. With all your experience, you’re perfect for the job.”
“I didn’t think being the former envoy to the Vesuvians made me qualified,” Nedim said, inviting Leon and Hurok to walk with him. “Now that I think about it, I believe I am going to miss my days of traveling between the cities.”
“I don’t think so,” Leon said. “It sounds like this city is going to have plenty of excitement, enough to make you forget about those long trips.”
Nedim smiled as he sighed. “Now that you mention it, I’m definitely going to miss my days of traveling.”
“Come on now,” Leon said. “Don’t tell me you aren’t looking forward to what this city is going to be like. Personally, I can’t wait. And I can’t think of anyone better for the job of running it than you.”
“I appreciate the vote of confidence,” Nedim said. “At least I’ll have some friends around to help me deal with all the expected craziness.”
Hurok laughed. “And wouldn’t you know it; they managed to put most of the whole gang here.”
“How so,” Leon asked.
“Gillan,” Nedim replied. “He is the city’s constable. I believe he is around here somewhere. I’ve been looking for him, but this place is awfully big. Arloff is also around, as well as Kamala, Janah, Caycee, and a few others.”
“Sounds like too much of a coincidence,” Leon said.
“Yes,” Nedim agreed. “I believe our respective leaders are taking advantage of the bond we shared during our foray into the Shadow Realm.”
“Can’t blame them,” Leon said. “It sounds like they’re really trying to make this work.”
Arloff suddenly came into view as he lifted a wall into place.
“Hey, Arloff!” Hurok yelled. “We have a visitor.”
After bracing a large piece of timber against the wall, Arloff walked over. “I see they managed to stick you here as well?”
“Not me,” Leon said. “But I think I might find a cozy spot and settle in anyways. Maybe get a job with Gillan. How are the Prometheans settling in?”
“Slowly,” Arloff answered. “We have more than enough room in our lands to the south. Most of my people are rebuilding there. I don’t think many will take a home here. But that may change with time.”
“What about you?” Leon asked.
“As ambassador I must live here,” Arloff said.
“Ambassador,” Leon said surprised. “That’s great, but, why are you working on the construction…uh, Sir?”
Arloff waved his hand, mildly disgusted. “I was a leader in the army. Didn’t do much sitting. But my people choose me to represent them. So I will.”
“Would you happen to know where Gillan is?” Nedim asked.
“The large hut over there,” Arloff pointed.
“Ah, very good. Thank you,” Nedim said. “What say we all have a little get-together?”
Gillan was alone, looking at a map of the city when the group entered.
“There you are,” Nedim said. “I wanted to ask if you need more help with the planning.”
“You have no idea,” Gillan replied. “Maybe I’m just not seeing it, or maybe it’s because the city isn’t built yet, but I can’t figure out how to set these patrols up, or how many people I’ll need.”
Everyone gathered around the map.
“Hey Leon, what’s up?” Gillan asked.
“Just thought I’d stop by and see how things are going,” Leon said.
Gillan stretched tiredly. “Oh, we’re all getting along just fine here. Although, I’d really like to know how being an escort for Kamala translated to me being qualified for constable of an entire city.”
“Well, it kinda makes sense,” Leon said. “Only thing different now is you’re going to be protecting thousands of people.”
Gillan grinned. “Yeah, that makes it a thousand times harder.”
“I wouldn’t worry about it too much,” Nedim said. “We have to have a city first.”
Hurok hopped on a chair to see the map. “Let me know if you need more men. I’ll make sure you get them.”
Leon ran his finger on the map, tracing a path along the streets. “Nedim’s right. I wouldn’t worry about this much. Set up some basic patrols for now. Then when you figure out what your hot spots are, you can adjust from there.”
“Hot spots?” Gillan asked.
“Bad areas,” Leon clarified.
“Oh,” Gillan chuckled. “That’s funny because you see there aren’t going to be any bad areas in my city.”
The obvious jest drew snickers from everyone.
“Don’t get carried away now,” Arloff said.
Nedim cleared his throat. “I believe Gillan meant to say our city,” he said to laughter.
It was a nice sentiment all agreed with as they looked at one another and realized how much brighter the future would soon be for all their people.
“You know what’s really funny?” Gillan said. “Only a few short weeks ago I never would have thought I’d be standing here with all of you like this, and now look at us.”
“You’re not alone,” Nedim said.
Hurok sat down. “I always wondered if the Fenrir would ever have a place to call home. Can’t say I thought it’d be like this, but I for one am certainly looking forward to it.”
Leon picked up a quill lying at the edge of the table and dipped it in ink as he leaned over the map. “Let’s get started then.”
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

It was getting dark as Sara and the rest escorted Henry through the forest.
“Are we there yet,” Richard jokingly asked.
“Almost,” Sara answered. “I remember going this way with Leon. I hope they made that little shack bigger. There’s no way we’ll all be able to rest there.”
“It better be big enough,” Henry said, pausing to take a deep breath. “They’re the ones who told us to meet them there.”
Richard stopped next to the ambassador. “Well did you tell them how many cattle you were bringing along for the ride?”
Henry let out a chuckle. “Sure did. I gave their envoy the details yesterday, late in the evening. We got their response an hour later, and I swear it was the same guy I gave the details to.”
“An hour later?” Richard said amazed.
Sara knew there was only one way that was possible. “Must have been a Remian,”
“I’m sure he was,” Henry said as he pressed onward. “They’re the only ones who move that fast. It must be nice to be a hundred years old and move like the wind.”
“I’ll bet you he was older than that,” Sara said.
“Get outta here,” Henry laughed. “That’s not even fair with all the time you spent with them. You probably learned more about them in a day than we could in a year.”
“I second that,” Richard said.
“Okay,” Sara conceited. “I guess I’ll just crawl under a rock. But don’t come crying to me when you feel your blood start to boil, or you begin to hear strange voices from out of nowhere.”
“Hold up,” Richard suddenly said. “I think I see the outpost.”
Sara was a bit shocked to see the outpost had gone from a small shack to what looked like a decent-sized inn with a wooden fence surrounding the perimeter. “They sure know how to upgrade.”
Darek was waiting at the door to greet them. “Oy! Welcome to Darek’s new and improved outpost.”
“Taking good care of yourself?” Sara asked.
“You bet I am!” Darek said, leading the humans inside. “And I’m very much looking forward to a long life this time `round.”
The entire first floor of the outpost was one large room serving as the kitchen, dining, and living room. A flight of stairs to the second floor came down in the middle of the room. There were several Vesuvians either playing cards or reading a book. Henry and some of the others immediately went over to mingle.
“What happened to the shack that was here?” Sara asked as she looked around.
“Remians,” Darek answered. “`Bout a dozen of them came by yesterday and put this place up.”
“They’re fast if nothing else,” Sara said, admiring the craftsmanship. She let out a big yawn.
“Beds are upstairs,” Darek said. “Leon should be here in the morning.”
“Oh, good,” Sara said. “I was wondering when I’d see him. Hey Rich, I’m calling it a night.”
“I think we’ll all be up shortly,” Richard said. “That walk was a killer.”
Sara went up the stairs to another large room. The beds were arranged in rows along the walls. Each bed had a small closet and item chest next to it.
After putting her stuff up, Sara lay down and went to sleep almost right away.
Several hours had passed by the time Sara woke up. She didn’t know what time it was but it was still dark outside. Henry and most of the escort had fallen asleep, though Richard was nowhere to be seen. The sound of people talking and moving could be heard coming from the first floor.
Sitting up in the bed, Sara took a moment to rub her eyes and stretch a bit. Going downstairs, she found Richard cooking something in the kitchen. The Vesuvians were still hanging around talking or reading.
“Rise and shine sleepyhead,” Richard said. “I just woke up a few minutes ago myself. Thought I’d cook us a lil breakfast.”
“Nice,” Sara said as Darek entered from outside.
“Leon is here,” Darek said. “You can find him at the nearby cliff when you’re ready. It’s right past the fence a bit further east.”
“You might as well go,” Richard said. “Food won’t be ready for another couple of minutes.”
Sara exited the outpost and followed the trail heading in the direction Darek had given. Past the fence, the trail led into the woods. It was only a short distance when the forest opened up to a beautiful view of a small valley below.
And there he was, sitting at the edge of the cliff.
“Is there room for one more?” Sara asked.
Leon smiled. “Have a seat. Check it out.”
Sara sat as the first rays of sunlight were beginning to peak over the horizon. “What have you been up to?”
“I just came from Horrir,” Leon replied. “Looks like it’s going to be incredible. But the last few days I’ve been…lazy, surprisingly lazy.”
Sara giggled. “There’s nothing wrong with that. You probably deserve a break more than anyone.”
“But it’s strange,” Leon said. “I don’t want to sound like I’m complaining, but…I don’t know. It’s hard to explain. Yesterday morning as I was walking along the river, and it was so peaceful and quiet. I don’t know why but it just seemed as if something was wrong like it was too good to be true. I almost felt like I had to be ready for some kind of ambush. Maybe I’m just going crazy.”
“Stir crazy,” Sara said. “That’s what it sounds like to me anyway. Leon, you’ve spent the last hundred years knowing what you knew and fighting it every minute of every day. I can’t even imagine what it must have been like. To be on edge the whole time. And now that it’s gone, you don’t know what to do.”
Coming from Sara, it certainly made sense to Leon. He didn’t even try countering her explanation.
“The worlds changed for you,” Sara explained. “And you have to find a way to deal with it. Otherwise…it’ll drive you mad.”
If Leon had ever felt true fear, it was at that moment. “But what if-”
“No,” Sara interrupted. “No what if’s, or maybe this or that. Live now. Enjoy it, and hope for the best.”
Leon sighed with sadness. “Sara, you weren’t made with a purpose. I was. What do you do after you’ve fulfilled your destiny?”
Sara wasn’t sure how to respond. It took a moment for her to find an answer. “I know I never told you this. But when I was born, my father was so disappointed that I wasn’t a boy.”
“What?” Leon said confused. “Why would he be disappointed in something like that?”
“It’s simple,” Sara answered. “He wanted someone to carry on the family name. And I can’t do it. What do you do when you can’t fulfill your destiny?”
That was when Leon realized Sara was absolutely right about moving on. “I’m sorry,” he said, taking hold of her hand. “I guess I’ve been thinking about it all wrong.”
“It’s okay,” Sara assured. “It’s just something my sister would tell me when we fought.”
Leon burst into laughter. “I see,”
“Good,” Sara said. “Cause I’m not about to let you get all depressed over saving the world.”
“Thanks,” Leon said, still chuckling.
“So, what do you think about visiting Gaia?” Sara asked.
“Me?” Leon replied. “I don’t know. Never thought about it.”
“Come on,” Sara asked. “I hear a lot of Rheans will be going soon. We can go back together in a few months. I’ll be your guide and show you around.”
Leon thought about it. A brand-new land he’d never seen before. He almost couldn’t help but imagine what new purpose he might find there.
Sara lightly smacked Leon’s leg to snap him out of his daydream. “Well?”
“I…I think that would be great,” Leon answered. “I’m not too sure when I would be able to go, though. It could be some time.”
“Why?” Sara asked. “Don’t tell me the guy who saved everyone’s lives has to get permission. Plus, there’s no one left to fight. All of those old rivalries are dead with your new alliance.”
“Yeah I know,” Leon said. “There may be no one left to fight, but there’s still a lot of work to do here. It’s a new beginning for us. I’m sure they can use my help, but even if they don’t, I’d like to be a part of it.”
“I can respect that,” Sara said. “In that case, how about when my three months are up, you take me around to see the different parts of Rhea?”
Leon nodded. “That’ll work. You haven’t seen the other lands, have you?”
“Nope,” Sara replied. “And I want to see them all; Hegira, Khothu, and even the Prometheans now that they’re alive and friendly.”
“Not a problem,” Leon smiled. “I think we can manage that. And then, it’ll be off to Gaia.”
“Deal!” Sara said.
A group of birds flew from the trees in the valley below, and into the sky against a backdrop of mountains.
Leon had watched many sunrises before. With each one came the feeling of dread that it could be the last. But this time, there was an incredible feeling of relief. Everything had a vibrancy that was full of life. It was as if he was seeing it all for the first time.
And there was no fear.
Sara looked over, nudging Leon with her elbow. “I have to ask. As bad as you knew things could get…as bad as they got, did you honestly ever even once think it would turn out this way?”
Wrapping his arm around Sara, Leon pulled her in a little closer as he watched the stars fade into the blue sky. “There’s always hope.”

###

~From the author~
I hope you enjoyed. It was tough, but it’s finally finished. The many emails of support I received while writing it was certainly motivating, especially on those bad days when it was hard to write for one reason or another. But I can truly say that I’m happy with the way the series turned out. Perhaps, one day, I will return to write another chapter. Until then, enjoy life and never give up your dreams!

Jose Rodriguez Jr.
Follow me on Twitter Jose Rodriguez (@JoseRod74866629) / Twitter
