
#Wanted
Forest of Dean Wolves
K.A.Jones
Published by Kirstie Jones at Smashwords
Copyright 2012. K.A.Jones
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted without prior written permission of the author.
All or the characters are fictitious. The names of places are real but the author has adapted the places to bring the story to life for entertainment purposes only.
Smashwords Edition Licensing Agreement.
Please do not replicate or use any characters in this book without written permission from this author.
Acknowledgements.
Jeanette, Thanks for your continuing support and expressed love of the characters that I create.
Thanks to Sarah Buckthought from Sarbucks Design (sarbucksportfolio.co.uk) for the artwork/cover.
And lastly - Thanks to my family, who have suffered many a burnt meal because I was in my own little world, doing what I love to do.
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/Kirstiejones



Wanted
Chapter One

I reached for my I pod and stuffed the earphones into each ear. The last thing I wanted was to hear my parents making out, again! It was always the same after a stressful day, usually caused by me. I used to be really placid and easy going, but over the last couple of years I have developed a short fuse. I keep thinking to myself that it’s pre-menstrual tension but as I have never had a period and I’m nearly 18 years old I figured it couldn’t be that.

I sank onto my bed and pulled my quilt up, and tried to make myself comfortable. I was hoping for a good nights sleep, but I knew it wouldn’t come easy. I had too many things bombarding my brain, it was on overload.

I tried to lose myself in the music, but even turned up loud my thoughts were louder. Why was this happening? I had grown up knowing that I was different, the family was different, and not just the dynamics of it. For example, I had lots of uncles, who turned out not to be related to my Mum or Dad. Lots of cousins too, and again they were not my cousins. It seems all that mattered to my parents, was protecting me from the truth.

I had gone to school like everyone else. Some of my cousins even went to the same school. I always hung out with them during break times. As I got older I hung out with others from my school the guys wouldn’t be too far away.

I would catch them watching me from across the dinner hall. If I stood to leave and go elsewhere, they too would find an excuse to leave saying things like ‘the dining hall was too crowded and noisy.

It was a real pain in the butt, especially when I had my first crush!! My first crush on a boy called Miles. It hadn’t ended so well. Jase, Ash and Kyle had warned me to keep away from him. They tried to tell me that he wasn’t good enough for me. Like they would know!! I even managed to give my cousins the slip once, and went to find Miles. I plucked up the courage to talk to him. We were getting on great until my cousins tracked me down and then threatened him!! Needless to say that Miles liked his face arranged the way that it was and wouldn’t have anything else to do with me.

Within days of the whole, humiliating experience, Kyle and Ash had told my father about my crush, and my whole family moved to The Forest of Dean, and when I say whole family, I mean my dysfunctional family with the strange dynamics.

Our house is tucked away from the main roads and hidden by the trees. A little muddy lane leads to our house and my family’s houses, we all live near to one another. My parent’s house is the largest one and my Uncles are all smaller. My cousins and Uncles are mostly at our house using the gym or the games room, or eating my Mum out of house and home.

About a mile away is an old boarded up farmhouse, complete with some land and a couple of barns, beyond that, nothing but the forest for a few more miles. Little villages are dotted around but we tended to keep to ourselves, only going shopping when it was absolutely necessary. Although, I personally enjoy trips to the city every now and then. Especially if it means visiting my favourite restaurant or buying something for me. If Anthony took me to the city, restaurants and shopping for me - were a sure thing.

I got out of bed and went to the large window and drew up my blinds. I put my I pod and earphones on the window sill and listened for any passionate noises from my parents room, thankfully I didn’t hear anything apart from them breathing slowly and steadily. Asleep!! I inwardly groaned. Great, they were asleep while my life was in turmoil thanks to what they had told me earlier. I stood still, staring out at the darkness.

My mind drifted back to earlier when the family had gathered in the dining room, an impressive room with modest furnishings. We have a very large dining room table that comfortably seats 20 people. My Dad sat at the head of the table and we were all sat in our seats. There was some sort of order to the seats, but I had never really noticed before. I just assumed that everyone had a favourite seat and no matter what the occasion nobody ever sat in the other person’s chair. My Mum sat on the left hand side and I, on the right side of my Father. Jase sat next to me. His parents Uncle James and Aunt Shannon sat together and Anthony, their other son sat next to them. Uncle Trevor and Aunt Eve sat with Alex and Lewis their sons. Uncle Eric and Aunt Chrissy sat with their son Kyle and Uncle Allen and Aunt Alice sat with their son Ash. It was strange really!

I glanced around the table and tried to ignore the fact that everyone was looking at me. I heard my Mum whisper something to Dad and he smoothed her face, and then slowly shook his head. My Mum glanced at me and looked stricken. Whatever was happening wasn’t going to be good!

My father cleared his throat and the room fell silent. My gaze flicked quickly around the table. All eyes were on my father. “I truly believe that I have done right by my family. I have tried many times to find the right time, but now I’m out of options“ My Mum caught hold of my Fathers hand and held tight he gently caressed the back of her hand with his thumb. He gave her a small reassuring smile and turned back to address the whole room. I wanted my Mum to look at me, I needed her to offer me a reassuring smile, but she refused to look my way and sat staring at the table.

I glanced around the room feeling a little confused and felt increasing panic coursing through my veins. My Dad had never requested me to a formal meeting before. I saw that everyone looked uneasy. They were glancing between my parents and me. I heard Jase breathe in and he changed position in his seat. His thigh touched mine and he put his hand on my knee. It did little to relieve the panic, but, I appreciated the gesture.

He cleared his throat again. “Katherine” I knew in an instant that he was going to tell me something that was going to change my life forever. It was the way that he had said my name, hard and cold. I looked up at him, his posture rigid, his face masked to hide any emotion. Lowering my head, I took a couple of steadying breaths. I hid my hands under the table and clenched and unclenched my fists in an attempt to calm myself. I raised my head, stuck out my chin and glared at him with an arched eyebrow indicating for him to continue. “Katherine, you will be 18 in a couple of weeks, it is now time that I and others in the pack regard you as an adult.” My father looked at every member around the table in turn and each gave my father a single nod. The silence in the room really set my heart racing and adrenaline was pumping through my veins turning fear into anger. I’m sure it was only the adrenaline that was keeping me in the room, well, that and intrigue.

He casually loosened his red silk tie and popped open the top button of his shirt, an action that used to make me feel at ease. Unfortunately it didn’t have the desired effect, in fact it made my anger flare even more. “As a member of our pack, it is time you learn what this will mean for you. “ I gripped the edge of the table and blurted out “What the hell does that even mean? ‘Others in the pack,’ what is this shit?” My father placed both hands on the table in front of him and said with his expression as calm as ever “this shit, as you so eloquently put it, is your life Katherine!” I gave a little shrug, I hadn’t got a clue where this was going and said “you’re talking about me being treated as an adult and then using the word ‘pack’ in the same sentence and I’m supposed to know what it means? You have asked all of our family here and I get the impression that you are trying to tell me something. Me Dad! Not the whole freakin family” I heard collective gasps from around the table and knew that I had gone too far. I felt Jase’ hand brush gently down my arm and fumble, trying to link our fingers together. I shrugged him off and refused to look his way. This was between my father and me, and if I looked at Jase there was every chance that I would vent my anger at him.

My father assessed me through narrowed eyes and coolly said “Everybody please leave us.” The only noise was that of chairs scrapping across the wooden floor and everyone leaving the room. Jase gave my shoulder a squeeze and smoothed down my hair before he left, but I couldn’t look at him. He knew what this was about and hadn’t warned me. I was so going to kick his butt for this! I looked up to see my Mum standing next to my father and heard her whisper “go gently on her. This isn’t going to be easy”. She squeezed his arm and looked back at me and mouthed “I’m sorry baby” and then left the room.

I shook my head hard, trying to block out the memories. I looked out of my bedroom window and pressed my forehead onto the window pane, the glass was cool against my skin. I was gulping down air trying to stop myself from crying. I tried to make out the shadowy shapes of the trees. I would rather look at the trees than remember the next part of our conversation. But the memory flooded my brain anyway.

My mind took me back and it was just me and my Father in the large room. Suddenly it felt too big with just the two of us in there. At the time I wanted to yell for everyone to come back in and that I would behave, but even I knew that no one would believe me. My actions often were more powerful than my words. I was feisty, volatile, and explosive. I never used to be, it was only in the last two years I had been experiencing problematic outburst of violence, both verbal and physical. And now I knew why!

I could hear my father’s voice and I was replaying the defining moment in my life. “Kat” my father said in a voice that was barely a whisper. I lifted my eyes and looked at him, slowly raising my head “that’s me!” my father took slow strides in my direction., When he reached me he put a hand under my chin and lifted my face gently so that I had no alternative but to look into his face. There I saw sorrowful eyes. I tried to lower my head but my father held it still. “Kat, I want you to know that I love you and that I would give my life to protect you, you are so very precious to us” My father moved his hand from my chin to the back of my neck, he pulled me close and kissed the top of my head. Slowly he released me and rested his bottom on the edge of the table. He looked out of the window, just staring at. .  . Well nothing. Then he looked back at me and asked this one solitary question “what do you know about shifters?”

At the time I thought it was a trick question. Some kind of sick joke, but my father rarely joked. “Sorry can you repeat the question?” My Dad shook his head and made another attempt. “What do you know about shape shifters, in particular wolves?” I raised my eyebrows, I didn’t think they could go any higher, but apparently the use of the words shifters and wolves made them go another half an inch higher and my voice joined them when I repeated “shifters . . . wolves?” My Dad sat there; I suppose the word would be . . . expectantly. I was supposed to answer him but I didn’t think that now was the time for a smart answer such as “all teenage girls read romance books about them. . . well apart from me as I was never allowed” so I chose a non committing shrug followed by the ever useful stalling tactic “ummm” followed by another shrug.

I couldn’t stop replaying the afternoon’s events. I closed my eyes and let my thoughts wander. My Dad took hold of my hands and smoothed the back of each hand simultaneously with his thumbs “You are a shifter Kat. A wolf! You need to believe what I’m telling you, I need you to accept what you are, what we all are. You are coming of age and this means that you are close to shifting, becoming a wolf, it’s because you are female Kat. Do you understand?” I shook my head and swallowed. I tried to force the words out but they came out in a whisper “No, no I don’t understand.” He gripped my hands a little bit harder and gave me a little shake. “Kat I am only telling you this now because you are giving off the scent of a female wolf, you will shift soon and you need to be ready.” I pulled my hands free from his, my father, my father who never joked, and now he was telling me that . . . . Well that I’m a wolf, a shifter? And one that smells! Fear gripped me as I realised that he’d said ‘what we all are’ and I scrambled from my chair sending it backwards and lunged towards the door. My Father had managed to beat me to the door and was blocking the way. I back peddled looked at the window trying to workout if I could make it out before my Father could stop me. “Kat don’t you dare! I would never harm you, you know none of us would ever harm you” I swept a glance in his direction. He ran both hands through his hair leaving it sticking up on end. He opened the dining room door and calmly said “When you are ready princess, we will talk” He moved away from the door holding both of his hands up in a non threatening manor and watched me run out of the room. I ran to my room as quickly as quietly as my feet would carry me. I turned the key to lock my door. I didn’t know if it would keep my family out but I hoped it would.

I crossed my room so I stood in front of my mirror. I turned this way and that, trying to see, well . . . anything that would reveal the so called wolf that I was, but all I saw was myself. Sandy blonde untameable hair pulled back into a ponytail. My cool blue eyes that I knew went green in bright sunlight. . . . Wait, was that a wolf thing? Or, was that normal?

I thought about my “family” well mainly their eyes, I was cataloguing them all. Jase had really dark brown eyes. They were so dark that when I was younger I thought they were black. Kyle’s were an orangey brown but they went well with his auburn hair and Ash’s as blue as the ocean, Lewis’s and Alex’ were hazel in colour but had a blue ring around the outside. Lewis’ and Alex’ eyes were like their fathers Uncle Trevor.

My whole family were wolves and I didn’t know.  How was it possible that they had kept such a thing from me? Surely I would know? They all knew why we had been called to the dining room. They all knew that my father was going to tell me. . . . Jase, my partner in crime, my drinking buddy, my sparing partner. . . . My? . . . Oh god, he knew and never told me! He never once said “hey Kat I’m a wolf and so are you” I would’ve thought he was crazy and I wouldn’t have believed him, but he still should’ve told me. We did everything together, and always had. We would sneak off into the forest and build dens using the branches from trees, building it like a wigwam and hide away from the others and giggle when we heard Kyle and Ash dash past looking for us. When we were younger, we’d sneak cakes that my Mum had baked and if I got into trouble Jase would take the blame. We would sit and do homework together whilst listening to our favourite music. As we got older we would go to concerts together, horse riding or rock climbing. Basically, we did everything together, always.  He would complain like mad if anyone else was asked to do stuff with me instead of him. My heart sank as I realised that Jase had kept this from me.

I thought back to my school days again, Jase, Kyle and Ash always there, watching me, waiting for me and never noticing any girls trying to flirt with them, but noticing any male that got too close to me. What did it all mean? I groaned to myself through sheer frustration. I could hear my parents still sleeping soundly. How could they drop this bombshell on me, then have spectacularly noisy sex and then sleep soundly in their bed!

I went back to my window and I pulled the cord to release the blind back down. It was pointless looking out at the forest when it was too dark to see anything.

I grabbed my I pod, shoved in the ear buds and climbed back into bed. Sleep would claim me, eventually. As I lay there I realised that my family was the only thing I knew, and even then I didn’t know them. I had to take my Father at his word that none of them would hurt me, and hope that I could accept this freaky life because, in truth, I didn’t think I could live the life of a runaway, and that was my only other option!

I woke early. I listened for sounds of my parents and couldn’t hear any. I wasn’t sure if that was a good sign or bad! The obvious good sign was they weren’t at it again, and the bad, well. . . . Honestly, as I couldn’t hear them, I decided that that was a good sign too!

I went to the mirror and checked myself over for any wolf signs. No. . . . I couldn’t see any, unless my unruly hair counted! I undid the band and brushed my hair into some sort of semblance and then tied it back up. After a quick trip to the bathroom I dressed in my running gear. There is no point in having a shower and then go running and get all sweaty again and then need another shower right? I crept down the stairs. My Father was in his office on the phone. I didn’t want to have another conversation about being a wolf and accepting who I am, so I crept to the back door. I carefully closed the door behind me and made my way down the dirt track. After a quick glance around I was running, avoiding my “families” properties. I didn’t want to see any of them. The thought of seeing them had me looking over my shoulder as I picked up speed. My emotions were in turmoil, I was scared of them, scared of what I was or would be soon. I felt completely betrayed by Jase, he should’ve told me.

Usually a good run lifted my spirits and could chase away my bad moods, but today was different. My mood fuelled the speed that I was running at. The brambles that I usually avoided so I didn’t get scratched brought a welcome pain. I found the more pain that I was in the less I had to think about things. I ran and jumped over fallen trees - jumped over little flowing brooks - scrambled up steep sided hills. Finally I made it to my favourite place in the forest. “Mallards Pike.” I slowed down to a gentle jog, and came to a stop when I was beside the lake.

I turned, glancing around taking in the views whilst catching my breath. The view was amazing, as usual. Although summer had truly come to an end and autumn was well on the way, the trees had taken on a new life. The leaves were no longer lush shades of green, they were gold, yellows, reds and browns all mixed up, place all those colours against the bright blue backdrop of the sky . . . It was really breathtaking.

The lake was still and inviting. When you looked into the water it was a mirror image of the surrounding area. I glanced around and listened to see if any hikers were about yet. It was early, all I could hear were birds making their early morning calls and going about their business.

I went to a cluster of trees near the waters edge, peered around once more and then stripped off. I rushed into the water. It was really cold and stung my scratches but it was also invigorating. I submerged myself completely and came back up to draw a breath.

I kicked with my feet and set off across the lake doing front crawl, pushing myself harder and harder to help keep myself warm. After a while my arms and legs were beginning to ache and I worried that I was going to get cramp whilst in the cold water. I made my way over to the edge of the lake near my clothes.

I was just finishing tying my laces when I became aware that I wasn’t alone anymore. The birds had stopped singing and I could hear twigs snapping, leaves rustling and heavy breathing. I held my breath for a moment and listened to where the sounds were coming from.

My “cousins” and “Uncles” had prepared me for things like this. They were always sneaking up on me when I was younger and wrestling me to the floor. When I was really young it would always end with me being tickled to death. As I got older and wiser I would throw them over my shoulder or they would receive a bloody nose from my knee, fist or elbow. I became very adept at that and my father decided that I needed proper training.

I had worked hard training in our barn that had been converted into a gym. No matter where we lived there were always woods and open fields. Basements or barns always converted into gyms complete with mats, punch bags, weights, running machines, rowing machines and more recently weapons.

Most days I trained with Jase, my Father would come and watch sometimes and encourage Kyle and Ash or any of the others to join in, but never on my side! Sure they could get me to the floor but it would take a lot of effort for them to pin me there. As I was the only female growing up with them, I had something to prove. I didn’t want them thinking girls were an easy target, and had shown them on many occasions, that girls were more than capable fighters. I liked the fact that I was challenge for them.

I scanned the area where I thought the noise was coming from, but all that I could hear was slow steady breathing. I decided that it was probably a wild boar. Some hikers had reported sightings of them. It had been in the local papers and had been on the news on the television. I knew they could be nasty using their tusks to attack and didn’t want to encounter one, so I ran back in the direction I had came in, to avoid said encounter.

I tried to slip in through the back door without being seen. That didn’t work out so well for me. Mum was at my side in an instant with a concerned look on her face. She went to take my hand but I pulled it away. “Oh Kat, let me look at your arms.” “You’re worried about my arms?” My voice got louder “My arms? For Christ’s sake Mum, believe me when I say that my arms are the least of my problems right now!” I made a run for the stairs, it wasn’t until I was a few stairs up that I realised that Kyle was on his way down. “Whoa there Kitty Kat” Kyle said with his usual easy grin on his lips. Whoa-ing wasn’t on my agenda right then, especially after being called Kitty Kat, so I shoved Kyle to one side “Stay away from me!” his smile faded “Kat I can smell fear, don’t be scared” Scared? I wasn’t just scared, I was terrified.  He lifted a hand and went to touch my face, I batted his hand away and I dodged past him and made it to my room. With my door firmly locked I threw myself on the bed and punched my pillow several times before feeling tears slide down my cheeks. Was I scared? Or was I frustrated that none of them had told me? Kyle and Ash spent most of their free time with me, tagging along with Jase and all of us hanging out together. If Jase wasn’t up to the job of telling me about my dual life then why the hell hadn’t one of them?

I knew he was outside of my door he sighed loudly. I heard his hand slide down it. I turned to make sure that the lock held. The door handle moved and I prayed that he wouldn’t force it open; I think I might’ve had a heart attack on the spot if he forced his way into my room. He certainly had a physique that meant if he wanted to really come in, my little lock wouldn’t hold Kyle back. He drew in a breath and slowly let it out again. His voice was gentle when he said “Kat please . . . let me in, talk to me and let me help you” I froze and couldn’t move. After a few seconds he thumped the door “Damn it Kat, let me in” Feeling happier knowing that he wouldn’t force his way in, I put on my fiercest voice “I said stay away from me and I mean it!” He made an annoyed sound and left, his feet thumping on each stair as he went.

I’m not sure how long I had been lying on my bed, in my stinking, sweaty clothes and lake water hair and body. I know that Jase had knocked on my door several times and I had ignored him on all occasions.

It had started with a gentle knock. He waited for a response from me and after a couple of minutes I heard him go back down the stairs. He knocked again a while later. The knock was gentle but along with the knock he said my name, he said it like a question. It was as if he didn’t know if I was in my room or not. He could hear me. His hearing was as keen as mine. He put his hand on the handle of my door. It moved a little but he didn’t push it down. I knew he would hate being locked out of my room, and I wanted to hurt him, badly. He whispered “Oh Kat, please. . . .Don’t shut me out” I whipped my pillow across my room and it hit the door with a resounding thump! The door handle went back to its original position and I heard him make his way back downstairs. I lay there still blanking everything out of my head. I didn’t want to think. I didn’t want my family to be wolves and I certainly didn’t want to be a wolf.

The smell of bacon cooking caught my attention, I looked at my clock, and it was 3.30pm. Great I had missed breakfast and lunch and now they were taunting me with bacon. Bacon usually solved many of my hissy fits. The boys had learnt that really quickly. Any of their wrong doings could be solved with a bacon sandwich. Well not today!

I heard Jase make his way back upstairs. “Kat open up, I’ve got your favourite.” Oh no sunshine, you are not getting out of this that easily! Silence greeted Jase. “Kat?” Silence. “Kat c’mon open up!” More silence. He would get the message soon enough. I wasn’t going to be bought with bacon sandwiches. This was too big for bacon to solve.

I heard Jase slide down the wall. He was sitting down outside of my room. He occasionally had a one way conversation about how the bacon was just too tempting and he wasn’t sure if he could hold off eating it any more. Then, I actually heard him bite through the crusty bread. The words “You arsehole!” left my lips before I’d even thought about it. I jumped off my bed and had the door unlocked and open in no time at all. I stood staring at Jase who was sat cross legged on the floor with tomato ketchup dribbling down his chin. He gave me a crooked smile and held the sandwich up for my inspection. My right leg flew and my foot knocked the sandwich out of his hand. Jase stared after the sandwich as it scattered into pieces of bread and flying bacon bits (who said pigs couldn’t fly?) Jase looked up at me trying to hide his smile and held up his hands in an ‘I surrender’ kind of way “Oops.” I made a noise of disgust, went back into my room, slammed the door, and threw myself face down on the bed.

I heard my door open and close softly, heard his gentle, wary footsteps as he made his way cautiously across my bedroom floor. I felt my bed dip as Jase eased himself onto the bed next to me. His hand found its way to my hair. He wound my hair around his fingers, smoothed it, kissed it and then made a choking sound. I spun around to face him thinking I was going to have to do the ‘Heimlich Manoeuvre’ and saw that he had a wicked smile on his lips “Urgh girl, you smell rank!” Sheesh! Could a girl not forget about personal hygiene when her world has just fallen apart!!

“Have I told you lately what an arse you are?” Jase put a hand behind my head and pulled me closer, he nuzzled into my neck. His familiar smell surrounded me, it was pine needles and earthy. Clean, fresh and heart warming. I felt myself relax into the embrace and then remembered that he is a wolf. I put a hand on his chest and gave a push. He resisted for a moment, drew in air through his nose and then rolled onto his back. He put a hand behind his head and tried to make himself look easy going and un-threatening. He was still looking at me but with cautious eyes. “Hungry?” I thought about it for a moment and realised that I was actually starving, but I wasn’t about to admit it to Jase. “No, I’m ok” he closed his eyes and gave a little sigh and looked back at me, studying my eyes. He knew I was lying, I must have a little tell tale sign in my eyes. Perhaps they flashed between blue and green. I would have to ask him, when I wasn’t so annoyed with him.

“You go and have a shower and umm freshen up a little, whilst I make you some food.” He wrinkled his nose and wafted away the smell. “You should’ve told me Jase” He shook his head and looked remorseful “I’m sorry princess, I couldn’t” He lowered his head, not wanting to see hurt in my eyes. “But you’re a wolf . . . and I am, and” His hand shot out from under his head and pulled me close. He kissed the top of my head then tucked it in under his chin. “Kat I’m still me, and you are still you. Now let me make you another sandwich and we can talk. Yeah?” I let my hand run across the broad expanse of his muscular chest. “Can I have the sandwich in my room? I don’t want to see anyone else.” He let out a sigh of relief and I felt his body relax against mine. “Sure I’ll bring it up when it’s ready.” He tipped my head up so I had to look at him. He framed my face with his hands and whispered “I should’ve found a way to tell you, I’m so sorry Kat.” He gently kissed me on the forehead and smoothed my cheeks with his thumbs. It was a surreal moment, the familiarity of Jase’ touch was overshadowed by my fear of knowing he is a wolf. How do you accept that your family are shifters? And accept that you are one too?

I came out of my en-suite with a towel wrapped around my body and one wrapped around my hair. True to his word, on my bedside cabinet was thickly cut, crusty bread with several layers of crisply cooked bacon, with a generous layer of tomato ketchup. A steaming cup of tea sat next to it. It would have been a sweet gesture if it wasn’t so creepy! A wolf making me food, surely I was food to the wolf? Or perhaps my imagination was running riot!  I debated whether or not to eat the sandwich, if I ate it Jase would expect me to go back to normal with him, and in truth, I wasn’t sure that I would ever see him as normal again, or myself for that matter!

We had a lot of history together. Not in a sexual way, in a best buddies kind of way. All of my “cousins” were my buddies and were all close. It was nice in a way. We had all grown up together. I was the only female in this immediate “family group” but that was because my cousin Ellie had died during childbirth a few years earlier. She was only 19. Oh god! Was that because she was a wolf too? I couldn’t think about this now so I shoved my earphones in my ears and turned up the volume. The internal debate was now over. I would eat the sandwich to give me something to do other than think about my life. It officially sucked!

Halfway through my cup of tea I became aware that I was no longer on my own, the smell that belonged to my Father drifted over the air. I drew in his scent. Ordinarily I would have found smelling him comforting, but today fear coursed through my veins and my breath hitched a little. With a shaky hand that I hoped my Father wouldn’t see, I put the cup down on the bedside cabinet and dumped my I-pod on the bed.

My father was looking out of my window. Neither of us spoke, he just stood, staring off into the distance. We must have been like this for a few minutes before I realised that I was sat twiddling my fingers and wringing my hands together. I wiped my sweaty hands on the white fluffy towel and risked a look at my Father. He had turned away from the window and was coming towards me. I squinted my eyes a little to see if I could see the wolf in him, he still looked like my Dad. There were no visible signs that he could shift shape and become another thing entirely, yet I believed what he had said, and that scared the crap out of me. I was finding it harder to breathe. The air was burning my lungs and my skin becoming clammy.

As he sat on my bed I scooted backwards away from him, he scowled at me and held out a hand towards me. I shook my head and held up a hand to ward him off. He let out an exasperated sigh and I watched my Father lower his hand to his lap. My Dad the business man, runs his own company by day, and . . . wolf by night? I wasn’t sure how any of this worked. Oh god my body was sweating profusely and I was feeling really light headed, I needed to open the window. I needed fresh, cool air, flowing over me. I was swallowing hard and trying to draw breath, but the air was burning my lungs. I looked up at my Dad, saw he was reaching over towards me, he was talking but his voice sounded distant and indistinct.

I was blinking and trying to focus on my . . . ceiling? Shit what had happened? It took a moment for my vision to clear. I propped myself up on my elbows and looked around my room.

Ash was sitting on the floor with his back against my wardrobe door. His eyes were glued to me and concern was evident on his face. I opened my mouth to speak but in my peripheral vision I caught sight of Kyle, Jase and Anthony. They were sitting on my floor leaning against the wall. I slapped my hand on my forehead laid back down and groaned out loud as I did this. As if on cue, my Mum poked her head into the room and said “How are you doing sweetie?” in her oh so sweet working voice, the one she saved for her patients. “Just peachy” I replied dryly. Realizing that I was obviously now the patient!

Mum crossed the floor to stand next to my bed and smoothed my wayward hair off my face. “You know Kat, it’s really not so bad once you get used to it.” Once you get used to it? Get used to it? I internally echoed. I put on a brave smile and gave a curt little bob of my head. “We are no different today than we were last week, we are all still the same people Kat, don’t be frightened of us.” That was easy for her to say, last week I didn’t know that my “family” were wolves!! And the word ‘frightened’ seemed very much understated. I wasn’t just frightened I was scared shitless!

My father had now joined the party and was standing in the doorway to my room “Lewis has gone to fetch your Uncle Trevor, I think its best if we get you checked out” Jase, Kyle and Anthony all nodded their heads in agreement with my Father. Ash stood and asked if I wanted a drink fetching. I asked for a can of something cold, he returned a couple of minutes later with a can of pop for everyone. It seemed I was going to be in for a long evening.

My Father asked everyone to leave apart from Jase; he was on Kat sitting duty. He was lying on my bed stroking my hair and talking soothingly to me. I wasn’t really listening to him, I think he knew really, but he carried on regardless.

Everyone carried on as they normally would. Mum was in the kitchen cooking up a storm. Well it was probably Chilli-con-carne in reality. When all my “family” was at the house it was usually Chilli or a pasta dish of some description. Judging from the smell emanating from the kitchen, it was definitely Chilli-Con-Carne.

My Father was setting the table. My cousins were chatting amongst themselves and Mum was merrily humming to herself as she cooked. It was as surreal. I was angry with all of them for lying to me, but if I wanted to know the ins and outs of being a wolf and survive the imminent insanity, I was going to need each and every one of them!

Jase continued to either smooth my hair or trace little circles on my back. It was a gesture meant to comfort, but to be honest my heart beat too fast and I felt like I should be running away from them all. I could hear my Father talking to my “Uncle” Trevor. He was filling him in on what had happened and had now progressed onto my recovery.

Uncle Trevor appeared in my room complete with his Doctors bag that he took on house calls. He deposited the bag near my feet on the bed, and asked Jase to leave. Jase paused on his way through the door and glanced back at me. He had a sad smile on his face but it was his eyes that got to me the most. They were usually smiley mischievous eyes but in that single glance he portrayed such concern and sadness. My heart stuttered and then hammered in my chest. I watched as he closed the door on his way out.

I was alone with Dr Brookes. My pulse was being taken before the door was closed. There wasn’t much chance of him getting a proper reading if the feelings in my chest were anything to go by! A blinding light was being passed in front of my eyes and then my temperature taken from my ear. I guess all the results were as Dr Brookes expected as he shoved his torch and temperature probe back in his bag, and “Uncle” Trevor was back in the room.

Uncle Trevor sat on my bed. With a friendly smile he patted my leg. “You gave them all a bit of a scare Kat, but you’ll be fine. Just take it easy and when you feel like you are getting anxious take slower steadier breaths. Okay?” I gave a little nod of my head and wet my lips with my tongue. A single tear made its way down my cheek. Uncle Trevor smoothed it away with his thumb “Your Dad is really worried about you you know? Well - we all are.” I sat in silence, staring at my hands. “You know Kat this would be a whole lot easier if you talked to one of us. Do you want me to get your Mum?” “No!” my voice came out harsher than I wanted it too. I gave an apologetic look and tried again “No, no I don’t want to talk to my Mum. Can I talk to you?” He made himself more comfortable on my bed. That was what I loved about my Uncle Trevor. He always made me feel at ease, I guessed that was why he was a good doctor. He sat waiting for me to talk, but in truth I didn’t know where to start, how to sort out this mess that I had found myself in.

I looked at him opened my mouth but couldn’t find the right words so I closed it again and focused on my hands again. I drew in a breath closed my eyes. Feeling a little more composed I tried again “I feel like I don’t know who I am anymore. I’m nearly 18 and I have been alive for 18 years and I didn’t know! How could I not know Uncle Trevor? How?” He caught hold of one of my hands and stroked the back of it with his thumb “Kat you are still you. Granted there are things about you, about your family that you didn’t know but, you are still you and it’s important that you don’t loose sight of that.” I frowned and wondered if he was actually listening to me, I had just said that I didn’t know who I was anymore. I didn’t want to be rude to him, I loved him so I waited for him to continue rather than have one of my spectacular outbursts. “It’s going to be confusing, you will even get angry, but all of the decisions made were to protect you and to protect us.” He still wasn’t making any sense. I needed a more direct approach if I was going to get answers. Riddles were not my thing! “Protect who and from what?” He let go of my hand and sank back on the bed a little. “I’m not sure how much I should tell you, I think the things you want to know you should hear from your Father. Why don’t you come and grab a bite to eat whilst it’s still hot and we can answer you questions together?”

I thought about it for a moment, food and answers were very tempting, but I had one question that needed answering in privacy, and he was a doctor, right? I could ask him this and he would know the answer, and even better . . . patient confidentiality. All I had to do was get over feeling completely embarrassed.

I took another fortifying breath “Before I decide if I’m going to eat with everyone I have a question and as you are a doctor I’m hoping you can answer me.” “I’ll give it my best shot” he looked at me eagerly and waited for me to ask the question. Oh god I’d started something now and I wasn’t sure that I wanted to know the answer, but if I didn’t ask then I would never know.

I gave myself an internal telling off and decided that I had to just ask. “How come I have never had a period? When I was at school, the girls complained about them, but I’ve never had one.” I looked down and pointed to my breasts then glanced back at him, I could feel my face burning and knew my cheeks would be glowing bright red “I have all the equipment but nothing happens.” He gave a little chuckle but stopped as soon as I pinned him with a glare.  “I have been waiting for you to ask me this, I’m just surprised that it has taken you this long!” and still no answer! God he was getting frustrating! “I’m glad I’m providing you with today’s entertainment Uncle Trevor, but right now, laughing at me and then telling me you have been waiting for me to ask that question is not helping me one iota! I feel like a freak and although I’m a woman I’m not a woman, and then, not only am I not a woman but I’m a. . .  what was it my father called it, a shape shifter! A wolf!” the final part of that sentence came out as a shriek.

Several sets of feet came running up the stairs and my door was flung open. Uncle Trevor held up his hand in a stop sign and Jase, Anthony and Ash all paused in the doorway. They looked between Uncle Trevor and me and I saw them all visibly relax. They were obviously happy with what they saw. Perhaps they expected me to have kicked Uncle Trevor’s butt and have him pinned to the floor begging for mercy. “Okay boys, the shows over. Close the door and go back downstairs” Ash and Anthony looked at Jase, he gave the signal that it was okay for them to leave and they went.

Jase on the other hand stood in the doorway. Uncle Trevor spoke again. This time his voice held a note of authority. Only one word was spoken “Jase!” Jase glared at Uncle Trevor and turned back to me. “I will leave if Kat doesn’t want me here.” I went to speak but Uncle Trevor beat me to it, his voice had an edge to it that I had never heard before “LEAVE.  NOW!” he barked out. I cringed and shuffled away from Uncle Trevor and Jase had indecision written all across his face before turning away. I heard Jase hit the bottom stair and slam the door to the Lounge. When Uncle Trevor spoke again it was very gentle and coaxing. I raised my head but struggled to look at him. He spoke soothing words and slowly I met his gaze. What was that about? And why was I struggling to look him in the eyes?

He ignored what had just happened and got straight back to business. “I’m sorry for laughing Kat. That was most unprofessional of me. . .  Forgive me?” I was still unsure, but decided that a nod of my head would be a better option than smart mouthing him. I didn’t want to be shouted at in that way and if I got smart with him. He may choose not to answer my questions!

He caught hold of my hand and turned my arm to look at the scratches that I’d got whilst out running. I was surprised to see that there were no scabs, just faint marks. How was this possible? I lifted my other arm and turned it this way and that. My gaze flitting across my skin where there should’ve been deep scratches. I frowned puzzled by what I saw. Soft pink lines where there should have been thick scabby scratches. I didn’t know whether to be amazed or horrified. I opted for amazed because I didn’t want to think about it in too much detail.

Uncle Trevor smoothed his hand over my arm that he was holding and lowered it to my lap. “Your healing process is speeding up. This tells me that your shifting ability is near.” My jaw nearly hit the floor. I scrambled back away from him and nearly lost the towel that was just about covering my body. I pulled it closer and tucked it around. Note to self, no sudden movements!! “Kat you asked me a question, but I’m not sure that you are ready for the answer” I opened my mouth to speak, but didn’t know what to say so I closed it again. I needed to know. I had to know. I managed to whisper “please”. I searched his face looking for any indication that he was going to give me the answers. A few moments passed, I was beginning to think he wouldn’t tell me. His brown eyes, ringed with blue searched my face. He’d made a decision. He gave a nod and then proceeded to explain the workings of my menstrual cycle.

He left me alone to my thoughts. I had to get them in order now. Sort through all that he had said and make sense of it all.

A female shifter could choose to remain human and pick a human male mate. She could have babies and live a normal life - but only if he was her true love. She had to give her heart to the one she loved. I wasn’t sure what that even meant, but no doubt I would find out soon. If she chose this option and really her heart belonged to a male shifter there was no way she would survive child birth and neither would the baby.

If a female chose a male shifter as a mate and he was her true love she would be able to have babies. She could only breed for a span of 5 years and this was from the age of 18 to 23 years of age. If the female had a girl first she could no longer have anymore children. But if she had a couple of boys first and then a girl she would stop being able to reproduce. Some females were only lucky enough to have one child as miscarriages happen a lot. It was nature’s way of keeping our numbers low - as for having periods, they only served one purpose, having babies! During intercourse the wolf releases her eggs and begins to bleed. Hence why I hadn’t had a period!

I wasn’t sure if this was a good thing or bad. I thought back to the girls at school, how they would be popping paracetamol to ease their period pains. I remembered our sex education programme at school and thought back to learning about reproduction and the purpose of periods.  I guess I was lucky after all. The only time I would have a period was when I was conceiving a child. Happy with the explanation, well, happy really wasn’t the right word . . . feeling less of a freak and little bit more womanly went to my mirror, dropped the towel and decided to really look at myself.

I twisted and turned and studied my shapely body. I had never really been comfortable with it. Sure I had breasts and hips and an hour glass figure but had always felt less of a woman. I now understood that I was all female and not just pretending.

I skimmed my hands over my breasts and rested my hands on my belly gently rubbing where a baby could be. I imagined what I would look like carrying a child and puffed my tummy out. It wasn’t an option I had ever considered as I didn’t menstruate. And now . . .  well now I could.

I wasn’t sure how to feel about this revelation. My thoughts were disturbed by the smell of chilli, it was really strong. I spun around to see Kyle gawping at me. I grabbed the towel and quickly covered my exposed body and let out a shriek. I ran awkwardly towards him and shoved him out of my room, slammed the door and locked it. I heard him apologise and say that he was leaving the food outside of my room.

Heavy footsteps ran up the stairs, I could hear Jase asking what was wrong. Then I heard Jase yelling at Kyle to get away before he did something that he would regret. I heard Kyle’s reply of “She’s not yours yet you know!” I listened as Kyle made his way down the stairs, I let out my breath. It was only as I did, that I realized I had been holding my breath.

I went to my chest of drawers and grabbed a tee shirt and a pair of jeans from my wardrobe and threw them on as quickly as I could. I knew Jase was still outside of my bedroom. I could hear him breathing deeply and I knew that he was controlling his anger. I pictured him standing there running his hands through his hair and taking deep calming breaths.

Downstairs I could hear my Father restoring peace. I heard him say “Don’t you ever go into my daughters room without her say- so again. You knock and wait. Do you hear me?” I could hear Kyle apologise and make promises to my Father that he would never enter my room unless I invited him in first. Then all I could hear was the low rumblings of their conversation.

Jase gave a little tap on my door. I scrubbed my eyes with my hands and let out a disgruntled groan. On my way to open the door I grabbed the discarded towel and unlocked and opened the door. Jase stood there with an easy grin on his face, he took in my appearance and then said “It’s a shame I didn’t think to bring up your food” I felt my cheeks begin their slow burn, and guessed they would be glowing bright red, again! But I was glad to see that he was back to being his jokey self again. He bent down and retrieved my plate of chilli-con-carne. He kept his eyes on me whilst he did this. He had learnt a long time ago not to take his eyes off me when I was angry. “Hungry?” I nodded and my stomach let out a grumble. He laughed and waltzed into my room and sat on my bed.

I dumped the wet towel into my laundry basket, joined him on my bed and tucked into my chilli. Jase grabbed my I pod, stuck in one ear bud and was listening to my music. His gaze kept flicking across to me and then he would glance out of my window staring off at nothing. I finished my chilli and put the plate on my bedside cabinet. Jase dumped the I- pod on the bedside cabinet next to the plate, he moved closer to me and pulled me into a hug. I sank into his embrace. We sat there for ages, him surrounding me and smoothing my hair whilst I snuggled into his chest. He knew I didn’t want to talk, he knew that I just wanted to be held. Jase knew that I had to get my head around everything and wouldn’t interrupt my thoughts. He would always know what I wanted because he was my soul mate. Wait . . .  where the hell did that thought come from? I pushed the thought away. I wasn’t going to think about it. Ever!

After a while Jase shifted position and tilted my face up so I had to look at him. “Do you fancy shooting some pool and hitting the hard stuff?” Did I ever! Escapism was exactly what I needed. We headed outside to the barn that was now the games room and gym thanks to my Dad and Uncle James. The games room was above the gym. My Uncle Trevor, Allen and Eric, were in the gym using the punch bags and Lewis, Ash, Kyle and my Father were working out, lifting weights, sparring and using the tread mill.

It smelt manly in there, sweaty. I gave a nod to acknowledge them as I walked in through the doors and went to go up the stairs. My Father spoke, stopping me in my tracks. “Are you ok Kat?” I gave a smug grin and replied “I will be when I’ve kicked his arse at pool and drank your finest whiskey!” To my surprise instead of telling me that his whiskey was off limits he said “Fill your boots baby.” I stood amazed by my Fathers generosity, his whiskey was the only thing that he objected any of us younger members having. He gave me a grin as smug as the one I had given him and then said “Your work out will be even harder with a hangover. Be in the gym at 7am” He turned and carried on punching the bag. I gripped the banister rail harder and saw that Uncle Trevor was trying to hide a smile. He winked and said with humour in his voice “Just take plenty of water with it and I recommend some headache pills in the morning.” “Thanks!” I exclaimed and jogged up the stairs with Jase in hot pursuit.

Now that I had my Dads permission to drink his whiskey it wasn’t so appealing. Jase must’ve read my mind. He poured me a vodka and coke and winked at me. I sat on one of the bar stools whilst he poured himself a vodka and red bull. He lined the bar with shot glasses and filled each with vodka. He went over to the music system and pressed the random button. It was anyone’s guess what we would be listening too.

The various arcade machines lights flashed and the tinny music from them drifted into the background as the speaker system came to life. He racked up the balls and flipped a coin. I called heads. It was me to break.

The rules of the game were simple. Pot one ball, you downed a shot, pot two balls you downed a shot, and so it went on! It didn’t matter whether they had spots or stripes. The black ball was the sole aim of the game. If you potted the last coloured ball and the black was the last on the table, the person who potted it could name the prize. The person who lost the game had to pay up. Simple!

I had gainfully won new shoes, clothes and countless trips to the cinema, and even driven Anthony’s new car. It had taken him some time to speak to me again after I bumped into the gatepost causing a tiny, tiny bit of damage. Well okay, he needed a new bumper and a bit of a re-spray! If I lost, they would give me mundane jobs to do, I would be their errand girl/slave for a day!!

When I was younger we played for sweets, instead of shots being lined up it was chocolate bars and things like that, the rules changed when I hit 14. That was when the shots were lined up. I smiled as I fondly remembered those times. I looked up and saw that Jase was looking at me smiling too. He casually walked up to me and pulled me into a gentle embrace. “It’ll be okay you know.” It was a simple gesture meant to make me feel at ease, but it reminded me of what I now was, and what they all are. I took a breath trying to calm my nerves, I had to focus, I only had one purpose in mind, and that was potting the black. I wanted my prize. Answers . . .  and Jase was going to give me them! It was game on!!

I think Jase realized early on in the game that I was on a mission. I had downed several shots and there were only three balls left on the table to be potted. He had only potted 3 balls throughout the game. I was feeling the effects of the vodka and feeling a little woozy, but I was still focused on the game. I potted another ball and downed another shot. Ash, Kyle and Lewis were now standing around the table and were heckling me, trying to put me off my shot.

I had never been so determined though. Another pot another shot, and then the inevitable happened. I missed! Jase had a satisfied look on his face. He knew the game was his for the taking. He cleared the table of the two balls. The lads congratulated him and lined up some more drinks. I was out!

Defeated as I was, I grabbed my vodka and coke and made my way over to the sofa to sulk. Jase grabbed his drink and joined me. I leant my head back on the back of the sofa and closed my eyes. God could nothing go right, I was so close. So close.

Jase drained the remains of his drink and sat down next to me. “Now all I have to do is claim my prize!” I looked up at him. God he looked smug! “Yeah, yeah. Ask me tomorrow when I’m sober!” “Aw c’mon Kat I won fair and square, the least you can do is give me my prize.” I noticed that Kyle, Ash and Lewis were now listening to our conversation with interest. “Nope, tomorrow is the best I can do. I have some drunken thinking to do.”

I stood up to leave, Jase stood up too. “Kat, come for a walk with me, just the two of us.” I started to topple over but it was Ash whose hands steadied me. He removed my glass from my hand and passed it to Kyle. “Let’s get you inside Kat.” Ash glared at Jase before he said “She is hardly in a position to go anywhere alone with you. Thank God. What was it? Get her drunk and get her alone? Jesus Jase, you are supposed to be looking out for her, not planning to jump her bones.” Jump my bones? Ash pulled me from my thoughts as he tugged me forward and guided me past Jase. I glanced up to see Lewis and Kyle physically holding Jase back. “Get off me. . . It wasn’t like that . . .  Kat . . .  Get off me” I saw him struggle to get out of the hold that Lewis and Kyle had on him and I felt Ash get a better grip on me as he helped me down the stairs. My Father stopped in his tracks and arched an eyebrow “Is everything okay Ash?” “Yes Uncle Robert. I’m just making sure that Kat gets home intact” My Father gave an abrupt nod of his head and we were on the move again. Ash tightened his grip once more as he helped me cross the gym and outside to the house.

Once inside Ash helped my Mum get me to my room and promptly left us to it after kissing my head and nuzzling into my neck.

I was in bed, still dressed in tee shirt and jeans but now had the added comfort of my quilt. My Mum sank down onto the edge of my bed. “Oh baby girl, you’ve had quite a day!” She picked up my I-pod and turned it on. Before putting it in my ears she said “tomorrow we’ll talk. For now, sleep it off.” She very gently put the ear buds in my ears, kissed me on the cheek and left me alone. I was grateful for that. Having a heart to heart whilst drunk, would only end up one way, me bawling like a newborn baby. I closed my eyes and let the spinning room send me to sleep.

I woke the next morning to the mother of all hangovers. Retching first thing is not recommended. I rushed into my en-suite and had my head over the toilet when my father knocked at my door. “Kat, can I come in?” With my next retch I managed to shout a “Yes” He came into the bathroom and started rubbing my back and passing me toilet roll to wipe my eyes and nose. Once the retching had stopped he handed me a wet cloth for my face. “Thanks” I closed the lid on the toilet and sat down in a rather ungraceful fashion.

Dad looked in my medicine cabinet, found a packet of headache tablets and filled a glass with water. I gratefully took both. “Feeling a little better now?” I nodded but the movement made it feel like I had a thousand drummer boys all banging away at their drums in my head. I winced. His hands gently cupped my face and he planted a kiss on the top of my head. “I did say to meet me in the gym at 7, but I guess I could go and check on the new property that I got, and we will meet at 10. How does that sound?” God he was all heart!! “Yeah sounds good!” He gave a little chuckle, then sniffed the air and crinkled up his nose. “Have a soak in the bath and grab a bite to eat first. See you at 10” and then he was gone. I sniffed my tee shirt, and my armpits, I was starting to get a complex! But as usual he was right. I did smell a bit ripe!

I had a long soak in the bath. When I got out my skin was all wrinkled. I noted that my arms were completely healed. No signs of the scratches. Weird! I towelled myself off and wrapped a fluffy white towel around myself and wrapped my hair in one. I knew I was in for a good workout today as I had only managed a run yesterday.

I grabbed a pair of loose fitting jogging bottoms and thumbed my way through my tee shirts. Today I chose one that read “51% sweetheart 49% bitch. Don’t push me!” That just about summed up me up.

Jase had bought me this tee shirt after he lost an argument. Well to say lost is wrong. We had argued over something silly, he’d made a comment that I didn’t like and I’d punched him in the face. Of course I’d felt guilty after. My temper had taken on a whole new level in the last couple of years, and now . . . I knew it was a wolf thing. There was so much I didn’t know about myself. About shape shifting, it was scaring me silly. I cursed at myself for losing at pool, and I cursed Jase even more for winning! No doubt I would be drafted in as his skivvy for a day. I just hoped it wasn’t today. I don’t think I could stand picking up his dirty socks from his bedroom floor today! Although the actual tidying of his bedroom only took 20 minutes and Jase would always help. I would usually be the tea lady and snack fetcher as we chilled out together listening to music. Jase would always go easy on me but if it was Ash or Kyle who had won, well that was a different story. They would get me doing really horrible things, so I avoided playing pool with them too often in case they bested me.

Looking through my underwear drawer I found matching bra and knickers. I didn’t bother with socks because when we worked out, we all went bare foot. I got dressed and shoved my hair into a band. I grabbed my I-pod from my bed and went to go and get some breakfast. I shoved a couple of slices of bread into the toaster and grabbed a glass of juice.

I sat at the breakfast bar enjoying the silence of the house. I don’t think my head could have stood the usual hustle and bustle that went on in there. I sat and thought about that . . .  wow, where was everyone? Anthony would be with my Dad and that Uncle Trevor would be at the surgery. Mum would be at the surgery too as she was the practice nurse. I decided that Ash, Kyle and Jase were probably making the most of my father not being here and were catching up on some sleep. Lewis never surfaced before noon. I put that down to the fact that he part owned a night club with yet another “cousin” called Alex. Their club was about 25 miles away in a larger town.
Eating the toast was harder than it looked. My tummy was imitating a washing machine that was in the spin cycle. Strangely the more I managed to eat the stiller my stomach became. I looked at the clock, it was 9.30. I dumped my plate and glass in the dishwasher. Grabbed a pair of trainers from the shoe rack by the backdoor and made my way over to the gym.
I breathed in the fresh smells from the surrounding forest. The air cooler today and the wind had a bit of a bite to it. Autumn was definitely here. I wandered over to the gym with all sorts of thoughts going through my mind. Did the full moon affect us? Do we hunt animals when we are in our wolf form? It was too disgusting to even contemplate. I shook my head trying to clear the grim pictures that were forming. I really didn’t think I would like being a wolf if I had to tare a rabbit or deer apart with my teeth. I shuddered in disgust and immediately cleared my head of the images.



Chapter Two

I opened the door to the gym. I was the first one there, I liked it that way. It meant that I could practice my kicks on the punch bags without an audience.

I took my shoes off and left them at the edge of the mats. Walking across the cold blue mats I did a few stretches and made my way to the punch bags. Four bags hung in a line on the far side of the gym.

I set them swinging and then ran and dodged them, zipping in and out of them as I went. I turned and faced the still swinging bags. I let my left foot fly. I dropped, rolled and stood ready to attack the next bag. I landed a perfect round house kick, lunged sideways and attacked the third bag with a side kick. I twirled past it and punched the fourth, took a step back and completed my assault on the bags with a front kick that made it swing back and fourth. Happy with my little routine I started the bags swinging again and did the full set again. Whilst I was working out my father entered the room and stood watching me. He looked impressed. “Nice Kat . . . Now, let’s go. You and me on the mats!” Oh shit!

My Father wasn’t known for going easy on anyone during sparring. He used various forms of fighting and was very unpredictable. Oh and I forgot to mention, he never lost! 

The rules of sparring were:-

1, The object of sparring is to pin the opponent to the floor by whatever means and hold them there for 10 seconds.

2, Any item can be used and should be used to prevent being pinned to the floor, and any item can be used to pin your opponent to the floor.

3, You can enlist others for help with said task

4, There are no wrongs and rights, no fair or unfair manoeuvres.

5, Fight to win!

6, End of rules.

These rules were displayed on the door to the gym. They were put there to stop my endless complaints!

The guys used to take it easy on my when I was younger. I think they thought that girls couldn’t hit. What they didn’t realize was that I was perfecting my techniques whilst learning how they fought. When I wasn’t on the mats sparring I would be on the treadmill. Watching closely and memorising their moves, I knew their attack and defensive moves by heart and often boasted that I could fight them blindfolded, although I’m glad to say that no-one had taken me up on my boasting. Yet!

I knew that Ash always followed a side kick with an upper cut. The trick was to swipe his leg from underneath and get him on the floor. Easy, right?

Kyle was trickier, he used people’s moves against them, if you punched, he somehow managed to pull your arm and send you flying.  He was a charmer and would chat and maybe flirt a little to get your mind off the task in hand. He could never pin me to the floor on his own though, I had learnt to fight him by mimicking his actions and throw in a few of my own. It would often result in both of us in a heap on the floor but me on top pinning him to the floor.

Jase knew my best moves and I knew his. We were in sync and could spar for a couple of hours easily before he requested help from anyone else in the room. Even though we knew each others moves we were a good match. We bought out the best in each other.

My older cousins did weapon training with me. I say older and make them sound ancient. Lewis is 20, Alex and Anthony are 22 years old. We had only been using weapons for about 6 months. I was under strict guidance. I wasn’t sure why I needed training to use them and hoped that one day I never had to find out!

The weapons were locked up in a large cabinet and after a quick glance I could see the lock still in place. I found myself relieved that this was the case. Not that I thought my father would use them on me, but more the fact that I might be tempted to use them to get one over on my father.

My lying wolf father that I was about to go into battle with. I tried to keep my breathing under control, but the fact that I was about to fight a shifter, a wolf, made my heart hammer in my chest. I tried to reassure myself that they are still the same people but it didn’t make my fear any less.

I watched his nostrils flare as he breathed through his nose. His eyes scanned my face. I swallowed hard and tried to push my fear away. I took up my fighting stance, drew in a steadying breath and wet my lips whilst waiting for my Father to strike. He started to move around the mat. I cautiously moved with him whilst holding my stance. “So Daddy dearest, are we going to pussy foot about all day, or are. . . ” the sentence died on my lips as I concentrated on avoiding the punches he was throwing at my face and upper body. He was quick, sure and precise.

I managed to block some of them. I was especially careful to block the punches he launched at my head. The couple that landed on my ribs hurt like hell. He took a couple of steps away from me. “C’mon Kat, you’re holding back on me!” It was true, things felt different now. I felt I had to be cautious. I didn’t know what I was dealing with, I didn’t want him going all ‘wolf’ on me, and I didn’t know if that was even possible.

He must have seen hesitation on my face or perhaps he could smell my fear like Kyle had told me he could. He stood perfectly still. I raised my guard again and waited for the onslaught. He moved again, he had changed his style, I was sure. I was preparing for some flashy kicks. Silly me!

I received a blow to the head. “Focus Kat!” I dropped my guard. He came at me then, a round house kick that I barely managed to avoid. I stepped away and put some distance between us. “Kat!” I turned my back on him. I couldn’t do this. I didn’t want to do this. I walked to the edge of the mat. I was just bending to put on my shoes when I was knocked over and he was on top of me. “I’m not playing Dad, get off” I gave a shove, he lowered his head, his voice had a hard edge to it. “Believe me Kat, this is not playing, this is me empowering you to have a choice!” I shoved again “I said get off me!” This time I felt my anger rising.

I didn’t like the fact that he was on top of me and had managed to get me there so easily. Make me Kat. Make me get off you!” I let out a frustrated groan. “For Christ’s sake Dad will you get the hell off me, now! I don’t know how to do this with you, now that you’re a wolf!” He arched an eyebrow at me “Oh princess, I’ve always been a wolf and so have you”

I bucked and turned, twisted and shoved and then I had my breakthrough, I somehow managed to hook my leg around him and twisted him off me. I was up like a shot. He tried to stand but a front kick knocked him straight back over.

I moved in closer getting ready to try and pin him, he did a leg sweep and we were both on the floor. Great, now we were wrestling! “You may have always been . . . ” I grabbed his low punch and pulled him off balance “a wolf” I landed on top of him and then he flipped me over and suddenly I was underneath. Oh shit, oh shit. I bucked and twisted and grabbed his crotch causing him to keel over. I could be a dirty fighter when the need arose. I shoved him to the side and grabbed the moment with both hands, so to speak. I had his wedding tackle in both hands and was squeezing and twisting so hard he couldn’t speak or move. “And so may I have been, but you forgot one thing Daddy dearest, you forgot to mention that fact to me!” I gave one final squeeze and left him on the mat.

I do believe I had managed to ‘best’ my Dad. Did I feel good about it? No! I went and fetched two bottles of water from the fridge and waited for my Father to sit up. I passed him the bottle and said “If you’re not thirsty you could always. . .” I gestured to his wedding tackle area “pop it in there . . . it might help” he managed a small smile and tried to sit more comfortably. He patted the floor for me to join him. “No tricks” he assured me, so I sat on the mat next to him.

“I have tried so many times to tell you Kat, I was always looking for the right time, but before I knew it, it was too late” I gave a little nod of my head and took a long drink from the bottle. I put the cap back on and placed it on the floor. “I’m sorry Kat, I’m sorry that you didn’t have the advantage of knowing what you are, like your cousins did. I thought I was doing the right thing!” In that moment, my father opening up to me and apologising to me I believed that he thought he was doing the right thing. But what I wasn’t sure of was why it was such a big secret.

I asked the only question I could think of, just one word. “Why?” “Why what? Why didn’t we tell you?” I nodded. “That’s simple, we wanted you to grow up in a normal family environment, your mother and I wanted you to enjoy both sides of life so that you could make a choice, a choice that was right for you and you alone.” “Is this the thing about loving a human and having a human life?” My father considered this for a moment. “Your Uncle Trevor told you about reproduction and such for our kind? That if you chose a human mate he must be someone who you have given your heart too?” I nodded “Okay, so I guess he told you about what would happen if you had intercourse without giving your heart to that person?” I thought I understood pretty well what Uncle Trevor had told me so I relayed what I remembered “If I was with a human but loved a wolf I would die and so would the baby during child birth?” He gave a sad smile and then said “Kat to have any child whether it be with a human or a shifter partner that you choose you must truly love that person to successfully carry and deliver the child without harm to yourself and the baby” I sat feeling a bit bewildered, I remembered Ellie dying during Childbirth. I had to ask, I needed to know what had happened to her. “Ellie?”

My Dad scrubbed his hand across his eyes, drew in a breath and said “Kat don’t, don’t go there, you’re not ready!” Not ready? Oh, how I loved to play the trump card! “Only yesterday you made a deal with the pack to regard me as an adult and today? . . . Today you tell me that I’m not ready. Perhaps, but protecting me from the truth again? Who is that helping?” My father smiled when I used the term “pack” He took a long drink from the bottle of water that I had given him. He recapped it and studied me for a moment before saying “Getting used to the terms already huh?” “Ellie?” I reminded him he held his hands up and said “Okay, I was stalling.”

“It’s not nice Kat what I’m about to tell you. Are you sure you want to know so soon after finding out what you are?” “I need to know Dad. I need to know what happened to her, I remember hushed conversations that stopped whenever I was near. I remember Uncle George coming to stay with us with Deano and Jake. All of you going out together night after night and then you started taking Alex, Lewis and Anthony, and then suddenly, everything was back to normal in our house.” His expression turned cold and hard, “She was raped Kat, raped by one of our kind!”

I tried to speak, nothing would come out. I tried again “Raped! Did she know who it was?” “No she didn’t know who he was. I don’t want to get into this right now Kat but yes you are right, you do need to know this.” He paused for a moment “She was 18 when she was raped. Not long turned 18 Kat. That is why we have trained you so hard princess - so that you can make choices and can defend yourself if someone tries to, well you know?” I gave a little nod of my head. He flicked off a piece of cotton from his sweat pants before continuing. “The scent of the baby’s father is interwoven with the mothers scent. When we were able to remove the baby after Ellie had died, the boys were able to get the scent and then go hunting. He was dealt with.” I needed clarification. “When you say ‘dealt with’ what you mean?” My Father drew in a steadying breath and spoke in a low, clipped voice “He was hunted and killed” I knew that must’ve been hard for him to tell me the truth. This was the sort of thing that he was trying to protect me from, but. . Oh my god! Oh my god! As Alpha did he kill the rapist? Was my Father a killer? Panic set in.

My palms were sweaty and I could feel my breathing changing. I was panting for breath and not able to fill my lungs. I tried to regulate my breaths but it was getting harder to breathe. My Dad shifted position so that he was behind me and had me relax back onto his chest. He was using encouraging words to get me to slow my breathing down. When the risk of me having another panic attack and passing out had gone again my father spoke “Do you understand why we train you so hard Kat? It is so you can defend yourself, so that anyone who isn’t your true life mate cannot harm you.” He wrapped his arms around me and rocked me gently “I couldn’t bare it if anything happened to you princess” I drew in air through my nose and let my Dads familiar smell soothe me. Air started to fill my lungs and the burning sensation eased. It was strange how I was wondering if my Father was a killer and yet here I was letting him comfort me.

That was how Jase, Kyle and Ash found us. They bustled through the door chatting happily and their voices trailed off. I heard a pair of trainers hit the floor and quick footsteps across the mats. Jase knelt in front of us and placed his hand gently on my knee “Is everything okay?” My father said “Information overload. C’mon Kat, lets go back to the house, Jase is cooking your favourite!” I was surprised by this snippet of information “He is?” Even though he had a smile on his face, his eyes were cold “Yes he is! It’s his penance for trying to take you off into the forest whilst you was, how do I word this? . . . Drunk!” Jase went a lovely shade of red. “It wasn’t like that Robert. I wasn’t trying to take advantage.” “No, I don’t think you were, if I did, you would not be standing there, believe me! But, whilst you are all here, I want to remind you all to take it easy with Kat; it is all new to her. You have had your whole lives to get used to what we are. Kat has had a couple of days.”

With the lecture over my Father shuffled backwards away from me and jumped up. He held out a hand to help me up. I accepted. As he pulled me up he bent to my ear and whispered “Not a word about besting me though?” I smiled at him and fluttered my eyelashes. He kissed me on the top of the head and went to retrieve his shoes. Ash and Kyle followed my Father back to the house. Jase stayed behind with me.

Jase’ expression was one full of regret “Kat, last night, it wasn’t like that, I wasn’t trying to, you know, take advantage. You know that right?” He looked ashamed and deeply embarrassed. “You know that I would kick your arse if you tried, right? Drunk or not!” He gave a little shrug then ran his hand through his hair “Yeah, I know” I eyed him doubtfully “So, if you wasn’t trying to take advantage, why did you want to get me alone? It’s not like we don’t already spend lots of time alone” He snorted and said “You make it sound sordid!” He was exasperated. “Whoever told my Father thought it was out of order.” “Whoever told your father was out of order. You know who it was right?” I beamed a smile at him. “Relax Jase, I know it was Kyle who told him, and for the record no, I don’t think you were taking me to the woods so you could have your wicked way with me, especially knowing that it could kill me.” Jase looked gutted. I put my hand on his arm. ”Jase what’s wrong?” He looked away before sulkily saying “Nothing” “Jase?” He pushed a hand through his hair and gave me a sad smile “C’mon, I’ve got bacon to cook!” We walked back to the house. I was mulling things over and Jase, walking quietly at my side.

Jase went into the kitchen and I went up to my room. I heard a knock on my door and opened it to find Kyle leaning against the wall opposite my room. “Can I come in?” I stepped back and gestured for him to enter. He casually walked in and sat on the edge of my bed. “I was worried about you last night” I frowned “Worried about me? Why?” “It’s going to sound crazy” “By pussy footing about, you are going to drive me crazy! Just spit it out” He shifted position “I think Jase let you pot all those balls so that you had to drink all those shots.” I paused and thought about it for a minute. We were usually a good match and had half the shots each. I shook my head. “No, Jase was just off his game last night” “All I’m asking Kat is that you think about it, just be careful okay?” It was a warning. I had to be careful around Jase. Perhaps he had an ulterior motive for getting me drunk? I wasn’t sure what to make of it. Things were getting a little crazy around here.

Kyle took hold of my hand and smoothed the back of it. Kyle who was usually full of charm and confidence looked apprehensive “Can I ask you a question?” I scanned his face and waited for him to continue “Do any of us stand a chance with you?” Feeling confused, all I could manage was “What do you mean, a chance with me?” He stood abruptly, went to the door and over his shoulder said “Don’t worry about it, forget I mentioned it.” Leaving me sat on the bed feeling bewildered.

The smell of bacon cooking drew me from my thoughts. I grabbed some clothes and changed. I took my hair from the band and brushed it I grabbed my pot of styling gunk from on the top of my chest of drawers and smeared a blob in between my palms. I scrunched it into my hair and when I’d finished my usual disarray of hair looked quite pretty.

Happy with my appearance I put on my favourite pair of red flat shoes and made my way to the kitchen. “I need to get out of here for a bit, does anyone fancy joining me at Mallards Pike? They will be packing away the boats soon for the winter and I thought we could go and have a laugh?” My question was greeted with an excited “Hell yeah” from Ash, “Great” from Kyle and “I’m in” from Jase. I looked to my Dad, I knew that he wouldn’t come because he was busy with the property he had just purchased, but it was rude not to include him “I’m off out in a bit Kat, but you guys have fun.” He grabbed his coffee and left us to it. We wolfed down our sandwiches, if you’ll pardon the pun and made our way to the lake.

For the middle of October it was really warm outside. We hired two rowing boats. Kyle was organising us into pairs, Ash and Jase, Kyle and I. Jase stepped forward. “I believe I’m still owed my prize from last night” He was looking directly at Kyle. Kyle’s cheeks flushed in anger and Jase flashed him an easy grin “Kat will be with me.” I groaned out loud. Kyle stepped closer to Jase and said “This isn’t over!” I looked at Ash. He gave me a little shrug suggesting that he didn’t know what was going on either. They stood there staring at one another for a moment before Kyle bumped into Jase as he made his way over to the boat. Ash shook his head then went to the blue painted rowing boat.

Ours was a brightly painted yellow boat. I carefully stepped off the wooden steps and into the boat making it rock. I sat as quickly as I could. I hate the feeling that it is going to tip over when you get into and off the boat. Jase took the ores, he pushed the boat away from the side of the lake and we made our way to the middle of the huge lake. I relaxed as the boat rocked and swayed.

We spent a while racing each other across the lake and generally having fun. I needed this, normalcy, my life had been upended and this was how we had always been together.

Kyle and Ash’s boat drifted parallel with ours. Jase readied the ores lowering them into the water at an angle. With one quick movement he soaked them. Jase was rowing with all his might to get away so they couldn’t retaliate. I saw how little effort it was for him to row, his muscles, moving and rippling under his close fitted T-shirt. I averted my eyes before Jase caught me looking. Kyle was still giving chase. We made our way back to the middle of the lake and waited for them.

They drifted along side and pulled their ores into the boat. Kyle and Ash stripped down to their boxers. Their boat dipped and swayed as they undressed. They jumped into the water. I giggled as they dunked each other under the water and splashed some over me; I screamed and called them a few choice names. I flashed a wicked grin at Jase. He knew what I was thinking and nodded approvingly. An equally wicked smile spread across his face as I leaned over the side of our boat and grabbed hold of theirs. Jase rowed away with me dragging their boat with us.

We were the other side of the lake before they realized what we had done. They swam towards us. Kyle tried to climb onto our boat and made it nearly tip over. I squealed and screamed whilst trying desperately to knock his hands off the edge of the boat.

Jase was laughing and trying to help me. He was standing now, he had his feet braced on either side of the little boat to try and counteract the rocking motion. Ash dunked Kyle once more. This action caused the boat to really rock and made Jase fall over the side. He made a big splash when he hit the water. The three of them shared a look and then disappeared out of sight. It was like watching synchronized swimming. The three of them went up waist high before gently sinking down into the water. They were completely submerged. I was laughing but knew that I was next to go in. I quickly moved to the bench in the middle of the boat,  grabbed the ores and rowed as if my life depended on it laughing as I escaped them.

I took the boat back and roped it up and thanked the guy who had hired them out to us. I made my way to sit at the waters edge. The guys pushed the blue boat over to rope it up next to the yellow one. Kyle and Ash climbed onto the wooden steps and retrieved their clothes from inside the boat. Jase swam over in my direction and when the water was too shallow to swim in, he walked out of the lake. He stood in front of me and slowly, almost sexily removed his wet T-shirt. I was enjoying the show but trying to not show my appreciation of his body. He threw it and it wrapped itself around my head! I managed a “You Jerk!” through wet T-shirt “Yeah, and I’m an arse! I know” I could hear the amusement in his voice. I peeled it from my face, poked my tongue out at him. I wrung the T-shirt out and chucked it back to him.

He slung his black T-shirt over his shoulder and ran his fingers through his dark brown hair, pushing it back away from his face. He sat next to me and I noticed how the water from his hair was slowly running down his chest. My eyes watched a single droplet run from his collar bone down his bare chest and make its way to the top of his jeans. I licked my lips. I didn’t want to think about how tempted I was to lick that drip from his chest. He flexed his pecks and when I looked at his face he wiggled his eyebrows, he had a goofy grin on his face. Instantly my cheeks burned, I turned away deeply embarrassed at being caught looking.

His body was really impressive. He was tanned from the summer months. We had spent most of the time training and doing outdoor activities like hiking, rock climbing, canoeing and horse riding. One thing I’d learnt was, if the sun was shining we all got out and enjoyed it. The other thing I’d learnt was if the sun was shining the boys saw it as an excuse to top up their tans.

I stood and brushed away the dirt that clung to my jeans. Ash and Kyle were dressed so we made our way to the little wooden hut that sold simple refreshments and ice creams.

The girl behind the counter was a about my age, lovely long blonde hair tied up and had wispy strands that surrounded her beautiful face. Her eyes shone like gems, they were a light orangey brown. She had high cheek bones full luscious lips and her make up was put on so perfectly, she looked like she should’ve been a top model, not someone serving tea and coffee from a little wooden hut. I approached the counter and ordered four hot chocolates.

When I glanced over my shoulder Jase was already sat at a picnic table watching me order. Kyle and Ash were standing beside him chatting. Before filling up the cups she leant over the counter “I’m Amber.” She held out her hand and I shook it “Hi I’m Kat” She was looking over in the direction of the guys and said “Whose the hottie with the really fit body?” I wasn’t sure who she was talking about, as all of the guys had amazing bodies - so I asked her which one she meant. Her eyes flicked in the direction of the guys and they were darker when she looked back at me “You’re right - they all look really fit. I mean the one standing up with the auburn hair” I smiled and said “That’s Kyle.”

She filled the cups gave them a stir, squirted cream on the top then proceeded to dust them with cocoa powder. “Oh look. Four cups and only two hands to carry them! It looks like you’re going to need some help!” She was smiling but her eyes never left Kyle. I grinned and shouted “Kyle, a little help here?” He casually walked over to us. I picked up two cups and said “Have fun!” and made my way over to Jase and Ash.

I sat on the bench the same side as Jase, put his cup down in front of him and watched the show. Kyle had both cups in his hands and was trying to get away. He would make it a few steps and then Amber would talk some more and out of politeness he would answer and take another step.

Finally he managed to make it back to our table. Ash and Kyle sat opposite and had just started drinking their hot chocolates when Amber came out of the hut complete with a drink in her hand and joined us at the table. “Budge up, my feet are killing me.” Ash moved over and Amber sat between them.

She chatted and chatted never stopping to draw a breath. We learnt how her father owned the hire shop and little hut and how she did cover work for him. Kyle politely answered her many questions about how he kept in shape. She was a very tactile person and her hands would find their way to touch his muscular arms. Her leg would accidentally touch his. Her flirtations were amusing the hell out of me. I had to cough several times to cover up the fact that I was laughing at Kyle’s horrified looks. He gave me a “Help me” kind of look, to which I just shrugged and mouthed “No way, this is fun”

We were saved from her constant questions and chattering when a man and his small children stopped by the hut to get ice creams. She stood to go and serve the customers, but before she left she told us she would be here until after the weekend when Margaret the lady who normally worked would be back. She gave Kyle a hug and trotted back to the hut. Kyle couldn’t wait to get away. “Come on lets get out of here before she comes back!” They stood so quickly that the picnic table nearly tipped over with me still on it. Ash slammed the table back into place and Jase steadied me.

Kyle hurried off down the mud path with us slowly walking and taking in the sights and giggling at Amber and her flirty ways. The sights and smells were wonderful. I kept looking up at the sky in awe. I loved the way the colours looked. The sky was really blue with a few wispy white clouds, the trees really tall and imposing. Some of the leaves had fallen leaving dark thick branches then bursts of colour from the leaves that were left. I took a deep breath through my nose drawing in the different smells from the trees and the earth. The air was so clean. No exhaust fumes or industrial smells. In fact I was mesmerised by just how many scents I could pick up. With wide eyes, I cast a glance around the forest trying to detect where the scents were coming from.

Jase came and stood behind me. He wrapped his arms around my waist and rested his chin on my shoulder. “It looks awesome doesn’t it?” he whispered into my ear.  I leant back against his chest and a contented sigh left my mouth. He nuzzled into my neck and nibbled my ear and whispered “When you can shift it will be even more beautiful.” I froze on the spot. Jase felt me tense up and slowly turned me to face him, searching my face for a clue as to what was running through my brain. With worry in his eyes he kissed me on my forehead then rested his on mine. “I shouldn’t have said that. I’m sorry.” He hugged me harder, as if squeezing me tight would make everything alright. We stood silently for a moment. Ash came over and held my hand and gently tugged me away from Jase and I went, willingly.

He found a small patch of grass under a tree and led me to it. We sat. Kyle and Jase stood talking quietly together. Jase was running his hands through his hair and Kyle talking angrily to him. I couldn’t hear what was being said but I knew Kyle was angry. Ash spoke and I turned to face him. He gave me an encouraging smile. “It’s not so bad Kat, you know . . . shifting.” I looked back as Kyle and Jase. Kyle looked calmer now and Jase was watching me. I turned back to face Ash “Isn’t it?” It felt bad to me.

Tears welled in my eyes, I tried to get up but Ash put a hand on my arm. “Kat please, let us help you. You don’t have to go through this on your own” I scrubbed the tears away from my eyes and looked at the ground. “I know it’s scary, we’ve all been through it. It scared the shit out of me and I knew it was going to happen!” I looked up at him “Yeah you got me there! At least you knew. This is all new to me. I didn’t know - how did I not know what I am? What you are? Or any of us?” I wiped away the tears that were now running down my face. I managed to hiccup out between sobs “You all knew and never told me” He looked away, guilt written clearly on his face.

I plucked at blades of grass, pulling them from the ground trying to concentrate on them and keep my breathing steady. Kyle settled on the grass right behind me and pulled me closer. He rested my back against his chest so that my head was on his shoulder and his legs on either side of mine. “We’ve all had to learn this life Kat. The only difference is that we all knew from when we were young. We were sworn to secrecy so that you wouldn’t find out until it was time - until you were nearing your first shift. It was what your parents wanted” He kissed my ear. “We have been waiting for this moment, when you would know and we didn’t have to hide it from you anymore” I wiped another tear away. God I hated crying. So many emotions exposed for them to see. I clenched and un- clenched my fists. Kyle rested his hands on them and smoothed them. His arms were surrounding me making me feel safe and calmer. Ash spoke next “We wanted to tell you Kat. All of us did” I closed my eyes and leaned heavily onto Kyle. He wrapped his arms around my waist and nibbled the top of my ear. Jase came to stand in front of us and held out a hand for me to get up. I let him pull me up and he pulled me into a huge hug. “I’m sorry princess, I really am.” And I knew that they had been following my parent’s wishes. It wasn’t their fault really. My Father was a formidable character, and no-one seemed able to go against his wishes, well apart from me. I had it off to a fine art.

The walk back to the house was a quiet affair. Jase held my hand walking silently at my side. He was always looking at me when I gave a sideways glance, each time a smile would find its way to his mouth but his eyes were so sad. I didn’t know if the smile was supposed to make me feel better or him.

Kyle and Ash had walked on ahead. We were near the dirt lane that led to the house when Jase spoke. “Are you going to be okay Kat?” My reply was simple and honest “I don’t know” He gave my hand a little squeeze and we walked together back to the house.

Jase’ Dads car was parked at the side of the house and so was Anthony’s. My father’s Land rover was parked in his usual spot. The house was quiet. We went in and grabbed a cold can from the fridge and went into the lounge. I found the TV remote control and turned on a music channel. Jase patted the sofa next to him and I went and got comfortable next to him. He lifted his arm up I swung my legs up and rested my back against his side, his arm settled across my waist.

The door swung open and Kyle and Ash joined us. Ash gestured for me to lift my legs and I obliged. He sat and I lowered my legs to rest on his lap and Kyle sat on the floor in front of my seat and leaned back against the sofa. Kyle grabbed the remote and cranked up the volume. They were goofing around playing air guitar and doing their best to hit some seriously high notes. My spirits were lifted again. I truly loved these guys. Yeah they were wolves, but they are my family and I love them and that was what I had to remember.

My Mum opened the door and smiled at us all lounging around and having fun. “Hi guys” she called. “Hi” we all chorused back.  Satisfied that we were all ok, she left the room closing the door on her way out. After a couple more songs and terrible renditions of the artists the guys headed on home saying they would be back later. I clicked the off button and went in search of food.

In the kitchen I found Mum busily preparing tea. I sat on a stool and watched as she picked some herbs from the little pots on the window sill and put them in a plastic bag that had some oil in. She grabbed some steaks out of the fridge and popped them into the bag and pushed the meat around so the herbs and oil covered the steaks.

She put the bag down on the draining board and came to stand beside me. “Are you okay honey?” I gave a little nod and tried my best smile but she wasn’t fooled. She gave my arm a loving squeeze. “Mum can we talk?” “Sure baby, you know we can.” She pulled up a stool and sat near me. “I’ve got lots of questions buzzing around in my head and I don’t know which ones to ask first.” She rested her hands in her lap and said “Well, why not ask the ones that seem the most important to you, and the rest we will work out as we go.” I took a moment to compose myself.” I was talking with the guys earlier and they have known about . . . shifting for a long time.” I looked at her and she nodded her head. “They implied that they can . . . Well shift” Mum waited patiently for me to continue “Well I guess what I want to know is how long have they been able to shift, oh and when will I?” She studied me for a moment, and then proceeded to tell me about how when werewolf boys hit puberty their bodies under go the necessary changes that make it possible for them to shift. She told me about their voices dropping and hair sprouting, that kind of thing and then told me that puberty hits boys between the ages of 12 and 15 years of age. The parents usually prepared the boys and told them when they are around 8 years of age and taught them how to cope with the changes. She explained it and I suddenly felt envious that they had not been chucked in at the deep end like me.

She gave my arm another loving squeeze. “Are you ready to hear about you now?” I swallowed and said “Yeah, I need to know” “Well Kat, I can’t say exactly when you will shift but I think you should know that it usually around the 18 year mark for girls. When I had my first shift it was a couple of weeks after my birthday, but it’s different for all girls. Shannon’s happened a day before she turned 18.” I closed my eyes briefly and another question popped into my head “Does it hurt?” She adjusted her position on the stool and rubbed her hands down her trousers “Yeah Kat, the first is the worst - because you don’t know what to expect, but after that first initial shift, it’s not as scary.” She gave me an encouraging smile. “What will happen to me? What will happen to my body?” I looked away, I wasn’t sure if I wanted that particular question answering now that I’d asked it!

She patted my thigh “Your body will go through a transformation and shape you into a wolf, bones and muscles will bend and stretch and lengthen. It will be quite frightening Kat, I wont lie to you, but your mind takes away some of the pain, filling your ears and inside your head with really loud white noise, your fur will grow and cover your skin. And then it’s over.”

“So to re-cap its going to hurt like a bitch - it’s going to be loud but then it will be over?” That made my Mum smile “You got it babe, painful and really loud!” “How do you change back?” “That’s simple. You think about your body transforming back. You think about yourself as a human - what you look like and how it feels to be standing on two legs. That’s what I do when I want to change back. It’s more or less the same process, but in reverse. ” I was confused now “So can I . . . think about changing into a wolf and then change into one?” “Yes Kat once you have had your first shift you will be able to shift more easily, in fact when you first change it’s really important that you shift regularly and learn to use your new body. And for the first week or so, your body will demand that you shift, you will become restless and agitated.” “Okay, I’m going to stop you now before I have information overload. Thanks Mum.” I jumped off the stool and hugged her before I went to my room.

I grabbed my I-pod and put the little ears phones in place and turned it on, I flipped through my albums and decided a bit of “Black Stone Cherry” would make everything feel better. I sank back on to my bed and tried to get some semblance in my head.

The smells from the kitchen were drifting upstairs, I could smell baked potatoes and steaks cooking, I could even smell the salad. I wondered if this was my wolf side coming through or if it was my imagination. I knew we were having steak, I had seen my Mum preparing it. I breathed in deeper through my nose. I could defiantly smell cucumber, onions and tomatoes. As if on cue my stomach let out an appreciative groan, it knew food was imminent. I removed my ear buds and put my I-pod on my dressing table and went downstairs.

My parents were chatting in the kitchen with Anthony, my “cousin” and Jase’ father my “Uncle” James. They both work for my father, James is a property locator and head of renovations and Anthony lends a hand with the renovation side of things and also purchasing the properties, he doesn’t mind getting his hands dirty or putting on a suit and talking to the sellers.

Anthony greeted me by picking me up and spinning me around. He deposited my back on my feet, pulled me in close and nuzzled into my neck saying “Hello baby girl, how you doing?” I kissed him on the cheek and said “Yeah good thanks, Hi Uncle James” “Hi Kat, you up for a sparring session after tea?” “Sounds good, I could do with a good workout.” I grabbed a cold can out of the fridge and offered Anthony one. He took it and pulled the tab and began chugging it down.

My father passed me a knife and fork and pointed to the stool, I sat and my mother put a plate of steak, baked potato and salad in front of me. It smelt delicious. I waited for the others to sit and then ate it with gusto. Uncle James chuckled and said “Slow down princess.” And a knowing look passed between everyone apart from me. “What?” I sounded annoyed. My Dad spoke “Its ok sweetheart, I guess we should’ve told you about increased appetite.” I arched an eyebrow and waited for him to carry on. He chewed and finished what he had in his mouth. “Kat over the next couple of weeks your senses are going to be on overload. You are going to be getting up in the middle of the night looking for something to eat - you will start to eat more than normal, its ok - it’s just your body getting ready to shift.” I looked at my plate and felt my cheeks burn. I had finished and they all still had at least half of their meals left.

Anthony looked at me “Its all true baby girl, just make sure you eat well and have a secret stash of chocolate for the midnight munchies and all will be good in the world” he reached into his jacket pocket that was hanging on the back of his stool and handed my a big bar of galaxy chocolate.

He put his hand behind my head and pulled me close and kissed the top of it. “For emergencies” “Thanks Ant.”  I jumped off the stool and put the chocolate in the fridge ready for my impending munchies! “Do you guys mind if I go and change and prepare to kick some arse?” I wiggled my eyebrows at my Uncle James he nearly chocked on a piece of steak. Anthony high fived me and I left my parents laughing as I went to change into some jogging trousers and sports top.

I was feeling ok about everything really, they were treating me just the same as they always did, but I still found myself panicking every now and then and took slower breaths like Uncle Trevor told me too.

I turned on the lights to the gym on my way in. I stepped out of my trainers went to the sound system, I hit the random button. Muse blasted from the speakers, I turned it down a little and then started my warm up doing stretches and lunges. I turned on the treadmill and had it set it to a slower speed. No point in wearing myself out right?




Chapter Three

The door to the gym opened and my Father and Uncle James came in. They were both wearing their gym gear. This wasn’t going to end well. I carried on jogging watching my Uncle James do some stretches. Dad went over to a punch bag and was hitting and kicking it using various techniques and combinations.

My Uncle indicated by spreading his arms that he was ready for me to join him on the mats. I jumped off the treadmill and stopped it. I stood opposite him. “Are you ready to kick my arse now Kat?” I beamed a smile and fluttered my eyelashes “Looking forward to it!” He began to bounce around the mat getting ready to strike. I didn’t very often spar with him, but he was good.

I slowly followed him around the mat in my fighting stance, ready to counteract his moves and make an attack of my own. I didn’t have to wait long, his right leg lifted and he went straight for a head kick, I side stepped it and followed through with a punch to his ribs and stepped back away putting a good distance between me and his long legs.

He threw a combination of punches, left hook, jab, and another jab with the right hand, and that one caught me on my chin but I managed to block the next left hook and get in a good uppercut on him.

I stepped back and started to bounce mimicking his actions. One good side kick made him stumble, I gave chase and he received a front kick that put him on his arse. I stepped back and said “Strike one to me, I believe!” I mimicked his earlier action by spreading my arms and inviting him to the floor. “You got lucky, but you won’t get me again!” He stood in front of me and took on my fighting stance. It didn’t faze me. I’d spent hours training with some of the best tormentors, mimicking their actions, only using the ones that would benefit me.

I stopped bouncing and took up my stance again. We stood waiting for the other to strike. As quick as a flash his long leg flew forward, I grabbed and pulled his leg with one hand and used the momentum to my advantage, I shoved him to the ground with my other and tried to pin him. We twisted and turned he was on his stomach and I managed to get his arm up high behind his back. He wriggled and scooted forward some how and I lost my grip a little bit, but it was enough. He managed to turn it around and I had lost the strong hold that I’d had.

I jumped up and away from him and began shifting my weight between each leg and had my stance firmly back in place. He did a fancy flip and he was back on his feet. “Not bad kitty Kat!” Oh how I hate being called that! Game on!

He did a side kick. I dropped low to the floor and swept his left leg from underneath him. He crumbled and hit the floor. I pounced and pinned to the floor for good this time. My father counted the full 10 seconds whilst my uncle struggled to break free. I’d done it!

I stood and held out a hand to my uncle, he took it and I pulled him up to his feet. “Wow Kat you did good.” He did a little bow and turned to face my Father and nodded. My Dad approached the mat. The two of them faced me and gave a little bow. Oh double crap!

Their attack was instant, I barely had time to side step as my fathers fists flew, and then it was Uncle James’ turn , they were like a tag team, all I could do was block and move out of the way as best as I could. I took a few hits but hadn’t managed to get in too many of my own.

A cool breeze drifted in, Jase, Kyle and Ash entered. I couldn’t worry about them watching, I needed to focus on the task in hand, and that was avoiding taking too many blows and staying on my feet. I could enlist in their help but that would show my weakness and being the only female around . . . I had a point to prove.

Uncle James did a side kick and again I went low and swept his other leg out, he crumbled again, but I didn’t have time to congratulate myself on my handy work as my Dad was moving in. I managed to avoid his roundhouse and went in for my killer move on him, his groin area. He didn’t falter. Damn! I stepped back and looked at my father to see him giving me an evil smile “Nice try Katherine, but I’m well prepared for such a move. I visited the sports shop earlier and kitted out all of the lads with protective gear.” I glanced around the room to see Jase, Kyle and Ash grab their special “areas” and they laughed. Double damn!

My father spoke “Okay let’s take 5!” Jase came onto the mat carrying a towel. I thanked him and wiped away as much sweat as I could and draped the towel around both shoulders. I had to keep wiping my forehead to stop the sweat going into my eyes. I went to the fridge and picked out three bottles of water and passed one to my Father and Uncle James. I popped the top from mine and took a huge swig.

Jase headed for the rowing machine and Kyle and Ash set about the punch bags, leaving me with my Father and Uncle. My Uncle patted me on the back whilst shaking his head “Well Kat you put me on my arse 3 times tonight. You’ve improved so much since we last sparred together.” My Father stood proud and was smiling at me when he said “It’s good to see that my baby girl can hold her own” It felt good. I had taken on two strong men who hadn’t held back because I was a girl. My uncle said that he needed to head home and thanked us for the workout and promptly left. My Father looked at the clock, it was 9.30pm and then back to me “Okay Kat that’ll do for tonight, meet me here at 8am I want you to work on your kata’s” He gave me a hug and turned his attention to the guys. I grabbed my shoes and made a hasty retreat.

After a long shower I changed into my pyjamas and settled on my bed with my I-pod for company. I listened to a few tracks and then snuggled down under my quilt. I wasn’t really that tired, but I needed time out away from everyone. I let my thoughts drift. I was going to be 18 in a couple of weeks, and up until a couple of days ago all that meant to me was that I would be able to go to the pub with the guys and legally buy a drink! And now, well now it meant that I would be fertile? Able to have kids for the next 5 years! Wow, this was seriously screwy. I knew that someday I would want kids, but now it seemed that there was not only a time limit but also a decision to make, and the best of it was, I didn’t even have a boyfriend! I’d never even got close enough to kiss a boy, the guys made sure of that! I’d seen TV, I knew how it worked, I’d been to school and seen everyday dramas unfold between boys and girls and heard gossip about who was sleeping with who, I thought I was a late bloomer in that department . . . along with my periods.

I remembered back to my school days, how I longed to have a boyfriend. I thought back to Miles and found myself putting everything in place. The guys had reacted badly when they’d found out I fancied Miles. They had made up stories about him and made him sound really bad, and when that didn’t work they scared the shit right out of him. It was because they knew! God this was frustrating. And the worst part, there wasn’t a thing I could do about it. I was a wolf! A god damn freaking wolf.

I swallowed hard and felt the panic rising in me. I struggled to catch my breath. Sweat was covering my body, I needed air. I leapt out of bed, pulled the cord to my blind and threw the window open wide. The cool air hit my body making it shake violently and still I couldn’t breathe. I gasped and swallowed. The room went dark.

I woke to my mother smoothing my hair from my face and talking to me in a calming way. I scrunched my eyes closed and opened them again, my left cheek hurt like hell. I lifted my hand and gingerly touched it. It was sticky. I pulled my fingers away and saw blood. “Kat are you okay?” I tried to sit up but my Mum held up her hand and said “No Kat stay there a moment, you hit your face and I need to see to it” I put my head back on the floor and groaned out loud. Dad raced into the room and handed my Mum her works bag, it was similar to my Uncle Trevor’s only his was brown leather and hers was white. She held some gauze against my face and squirted the area with some saline solution. She poked and prodded causing me to pull away. “Okay this is going to need a couple of paper stitches.” My father dug around in her bag and passed her the required item. She opened the packet and placed it on my tummy. My Father knelt on the floor near my head and took over the roll of smoothing my hair away from my face.

With my skin stuck back into place, Dad helped me to my feet, the room spun. I grabbed hold of him and let out a little shriek as the floor felt like it disappeared from underneath me. He scooped me up in his arms and carefully carried me to my bed and covered me with my quilt. He sat on the edge of my bed and watched my Mum pack up her bag so it was ready for the next incident. The way things were going she was going to have to get a good supply in just for me!

I caught Mum giving Dad a worried look. She beamed a smile at me and came over to the bed. “You’re going to have a shiner Kat, but the wound should be healed enough by the morning to remove the paper sutures” “It hurts like a bitch” I complained “I know baby, I know.” She kissed the top of my head and grabbed her bag, on her way through the door she looked back at my Father “Stay with her for a while to make sure she not concussed, I’m going to call Trevor and let him know” She gave him a pointed look, they were having a conversation that I wasn’t privy to.

I heard the lounge door close and looked at my Father, he picked up my hand and spotted that blood had dried on my fingers and went into my en-suite. He came out with a wet wash cloth and towel. It was nice having my Dad care for me and clean me up . . . in a weird sort of way.

He wiped my fingers and then very carefully wiped my face, his touch was so light, I pulled away a little when he got to close to the stitches “I’m sorry poppet” He was always so kind and gentle with me when I had been injured. He had so many different sides to him. He could be commanding, forceful, and demanded respect at all times. Something - that I hadn’t shown too much of lately.

When my dad was satisfied that I was ok and every drop of blood removed, he left me to rest. I heard him and Mum talking quietly in their bedroom. “Trevor said it’s just anxiety attacks, but I’m not so sure Rob. It’s just not like her.” “I think she will be fine, it’s a lot to adjust too.” “But Rob, you’ve seen her face, you know it’s a mess, a result of getting so wound up that she has a panic attack and passes out. . . . All I’m saying is she might not be as ok as you think.” My face was a mess? Okay, so I’d had paper stitches - nothing new there, I often needed patching up after a 3 or 4 on me in the gym, and okay, a bruise. . .again that was something I was used too. As for passing out - well that was new to me!! I started feeling a bit woozy and let sleep claim me.

Gentle knocking at my door pulled me into consciousness, I was too comfortable in my bed, I pulled the quilt higher but again tap, tap, tap at my door. I groaned aloud and the door opened. Jase winced when I poked my head out from under the quilt. “Can I come in?” “Yeah. . . Hey what time is it?” “It’s a little after 10” I sat up quickly and threw off the quilt. Shit I was late. Shit that hurts . . . Ow! Ow! Ow! My head throbbed and my face hurt like a bitch.

Jase sat on my bed and lowered me to rest against his chest “I think you’ve earned a day off, your Dad said that you wouldn’t be joining us for training. Then after Anthony shown us all some fancy moves with a blade, and when we could all do it - he told us you, well . . . passed out.” I relaxed onto him further and Jase shuffled over so that we both fit together better. He nuzzled his face on the top of my head and pulled me closer, keeping his arms around my waist making me feel safe. “It was more than that Jase. I had some sort of a panic attack, I was so scared Jase, no matter what I did I couldn’t take a breath.” “What’s triggering the panic attacks? What are you thinking about when they start?”

I felt my cheeks heat up. I turned my head so he couldn’t see. He tensed up and went completely still. “Kat?” My heart was hammering away, reflecting just how embarrassed I was feeling. How could I tell him I was thinking about never being kissed? Or thinking about babies? “Kat please, don’t shut me out - let me help you” I ran my sweaty palms over my quilt “I . . . I. . . Jase, I just can’t” “Please” He leaned around me and turned my face so that he could see it and gently cupped it in one hand smoothing my good cheek with his thumb. He had a kind of desperate look in his eyes as he scanned my face. Feeling defeated because I knew he wouldn’t let it drop, I let out a sigh and nuzzled my face into his hand.

I needed to know if he was with me because my father had sent him, if he was I couldn’t tell him. “Why are you here with me Jase?” Confusion flicked across his face “What?” “Why Jase? Did my father send you to see me?” He stopped stroking my face and started shaking his head “No. NO Kat, he never I promise. How could you think that? Why would you think that?” I kissed his hand that was still holding my face. “I’m sorry Jase, I think. . . I think I’m just going a little crazy here. I just want to know if my Dad made you check up on me.” I kissed the palm of his hand again. He twisted his hands in my hair at the back of my head and pulled me forward so our foreheads were touching. He looked me in the eyes “Kat I’m here because I want to be, not because your Father sent me” I twisted around so that I could put my good cheek on his chest and snuggled into him. I didn’t want him to watch my cheeks blush.

He adjusted his position, stretched out his legs and began smoothing my hair. I took a fortifying breath before bearing my soul to him. “I feel like my life has been mapped out for me. Everyone knew apart from me and now I just have to deal with it.” I ran a hand over his chest and drew circles with my finger. “I find out two weeks before I’m 18 that I can have kids but only for 5 years and no-one thought to mention this to me . . . what if . . .  What if I wanted to go to college and then on to University? What then?” He kissed the top of my head “I don’t know Kat, adult learning? Go back and study when your kids are a little bit older” “It’s an option I guess, but, what if I didn’t want kids at all?” I felt him go tense again “I don’t know Kat, I just . . . don’t know.” “Jase, I can’t believe I’m going to tell you this next part but. . .” He gave me an encouraging squeeze “But I . . . you know, haven’t even kissed a boy and now – now I’m expected to mate with one” He was still now, completely motionless I wasn’t sure that he had heard me as I was expecting a response from him of some kind of a “You’ll meet someone soon” or something like that.

Feeling completely humiliated I sat up and moved away a little. Jase caught hold of my arm to stop me getting up. He scooted forward and kissed me long, hard and deeply. At first I didn’t do anything, I just sat there. Then I found myself responding and kissing him back just as fiercely - enjoying the moment and loosing myself to the wonderful feelings that I was experiencing and then I stopped, suddenly thinking about what I had just told him. He was only doing this because I had just said that I had never been kissed before. I pushed him away. “I want you to go!” “But Kat?” “NOW” I barked out. Jase looked hurt, confused. “Kat what did I do?” “I said I WANT YOU TO GO, NOW GO JASE!”

I heard feet racing up the stairs and my door flew open and Ash stepped in, “Kat?” I had a staring contest with Jase, I won, and he left my room barging into Ash on his way out. “Leave me Ash. I just want to be on my own!” “I’ll go but first answer me this, apart from the whole black eye thing that you have, are you okay? Did he . . .” He let the sentence hang in the air. “No he didn’t . . .” I turned and flopped on my bed. The quiet click of my door and heavy foot steps on the stairs, followed by Ash and Jase shouting at one another assured me I was on my own. I grabbed my I-pod and headed for oblivion with the aid of The Pretty Reckless.

After a shower and a close inspection of my black eye and paper stitched cheek I headed downstairs to the kitchen. I raided the fridge and made up a plate of salad, meats and cheese and went and sat in the lounge to eat. I was watching a mind numbing TV reality show to make my life feel, well . . . normal.

I thought about Jase and what had just happened, sure I’d been angry when I’d realized why he’d kissed me, but that kiss. . . it was toe curling and gave me butterflies in the tummy now that I was thinking about it. My cheeks were starting to feel hot and I knew they would be bright red.



Chapter Four

I stuck a note to the fridge letting my parents know that I was going hiking. I grabbed my shoes and a waterproof jacket and headed out. The air was cold so I zipped up the jacket and went down the mud lane. I wanted solitude. I avoided the well worn paths that hikers and tourists had taken for years and headed up a steep incline through dense trees. The terrain was hard going but I needed to burn off some frustration. I wanted my heart to pound and my legs to burn - but mostly I wanted to not have to think about how my life was changing and how there was absolutely nothing I could do about it.

After walking for a while my face started to ache. I had covered a few miles and had kept a relentless pace. I walked on until I found a nice place to sit and rest. The moment I sat I thought about the kiss. I ran a finger over my lips to see if they still felt swollen. I shifted position so I could watch the leaves in the trees blowing in the wind, and thought about what the kiss had meant to me. Part of me was happy to have had my first kiss, and being truthful I was pleased that it was with Jase, but a huge part of me regretted that it had happened because his male ego got the better of him and he’d kissed me before anyone else did!

A strange feeling washed over me and my skin prickled making the hair on the back of my neck and arms stand up on end. I realized that the birds no longer sang their cheerful songs. The wood pigeon no longer hooted, and the forest had fallen eerily silent. I sat forward and strained my ears trying to pick up sounds. My heart began to hammer in my chest and I felt frightened.

I strained to hear something, anything, so that I could make sense of the trepidation that I was feeling. I slowly sat up and got myself into a crouching position. The need to run was over taking my senses.

I thought I was completely alone and had enjoyed the inner peace that it had bought and yet . . . someone was here following me? I pushed myself up and began to walk again. I went in the opposite direction. My mind drifted to the wild boar that lived in the forest. Although I had never come across one, I knew that some hikers had been attacked by one recently. Something was really off. If it was a wild boar I would hear it moving around and going about its business. I picked up my pace and started to try and put some distance between me and whatever had caused my internal warning system to go into hyper drive.

After a couple of minutes walking I stood perfectly still. I heard it then, a twig snapped a distance behind me, I realised the birds were still silent. I crouched down, and waited. I was used to the guys doing sneak attacks on me, but this felt different now. None of the guys would invade my space like this, if I needed to be on my own they simply let me be. They knew I would return from a long hike and all would be right in the world.

I slowed down my breathing, stopping occasionally for a few moments so that I could hear any movement around me. It was closer now, steady breathing coming from behind. I turned cautiously and cast my eyes over the thick wild ferns and brambles that covered the ground. I couldn’t see anything out of the ordinary. Whatever . . . no, whoever was out there following me was blending in with the back ground.

I waited. I could hear my own blood pressure in my ears whooshing and whooshing over and over. I tried to steady my heartbeat and breathing, but fear was gripping me now. My body was beginning to become sweaty. I began to panic thinking that I was in the throws of a panic attack. I gave myself a mental shake and I ran, dodging the trees and running in the direction of home. Behind me I heard leaves rustling and twigs snapping, whoever it was wasn’t hiding anymore.

I pushed myself to run faster, breathing was getting harder to do. My insides ached from the fear that was knotting up my insides. I risked a quick glance over my shoulder, I could see him now. He was chasing me. He was tall with blonde spiked up hair. His eyes were fixed on me.

Down the steep hill I went, digging my feet in hard to the soil to stop myself from running too fast, I couldn’t afford to fall with this guy so close. With that thought running through my head a plan formed. Well I say plan, but it really wasn’t. I sprawled onto the floor after an ‘Oscar’ worthy fall. He stopped not far from where I had landed and watched me scramble to my feet turning so I faced him. At least with me no longer running away I might stand a chance if it came to a fight. “Wh. . .What do you want?” I saw his mouth twist into a smile. “You! I want you!” he stepped forward. Oh crap!!

I took several steps back and positioned myself ready to attack but I heard the pathetic whispery voice leave my mouth “Oh god, no, please” He ambled forward a couple of steps closing the distance between us. “You’re scared, don’t be” I really couldn’t work this guy out, he was telling me not to be scared after he had given chase and told me that he wanted me “It’s a little hard not to be, given that you just chased me” He took a step backwards “No, I can see that now. I didn’t mean to frighten you. . . I was just curious, I can smell you.” How do you answer that? I had no retort. “I’m going to leave you now, but a word of advice, don’t run. I might not be able to stop myself next time,” He walked backwards still starring at me and then smiled and turned disappearing into the trees. I could hear that he was walking away, his clothes catching on brambles and his footsteps getting quieter as he went.

God how I wanted to run, run home as fast as my legs could carry me, but something about the way he’d said it still had me frozen to the spot. I waited for a couple of minutes, still looking in the direction that he had gone. When I could hear the birds singing their songs I made my legs carry me back home. They felt like jelly.

With shaky hands I grabbed a can of pop from the fridge and took several gulps. Kyle stuck his head through the door. His big easy smile slipped from his face and was replaced with a look of concern “Are you okay?” He was at my side in an instant “You’re really pale Kat and shaking, do you need some chocolate or painkillers?” I put the can on the worktop and a sense of relief flooded me. I burst into tears. Kyle grabbed me and pulled me into a hug, smoothing my back with his hands “Hey its ok. It’s ok Kat” I managed a “is it?” between sobs “Yeah Jase will get over it” Confusion washed over me “Jase?” He stepped away a little so he could see my face but his hands remained on my arms “Yeah, Jase. This is why you’re crying, right?” I pulled him close and made more hiccupping crying noises whilst shaking my head. He ran his hands over my hair smoothing it down. When my sobs slowed down he kissed the top of my head. I hadn’t heard Ash come into the kitchen but he was waiting for me to explain what had got me into such a state.

The guys listened intently and then after another hug Kyle dashed out of the room cursing as he went. Ash made me promise that I wouldn’t go into the forest alone again. I was just repeating my promise for the fifth time when my Father entered the kitchen doing up his buttons on the sleeve of his pristine white shirt “Kat meet us in the dinning room in 10 minutes!” He turned to leave and then swung back around to face me. The hard expression that he wore on his way in was now replaced with a loving concern that only a parent could pull off “Sorry! Are you ok princess?” I nodded and gave a brave smile. He gave a curt little bob of his head, turned and left the room.

I finished my can of pop and dug out the chocolate bar that Anthony had given to me for emergencies. I considered my nightmare of a day an emergency! I broke off a chunk for Ash and a large chunk for myself and enjoyed the melting sweetness slither its way down my throat. “Good huh?” Ash was smiling at me, I was stood with my eyes closed enjoying my little chunks of heaven. I popped the next chunk into my mouth, bumped my hip on his and went up to my room.

After a quick toilet break I looked in the mirror at my cheek and eye. I swilled my face and removed the paper stitches. A faint pink line about an inch long and brown and yellow bruise marred my face. I pressed my fingers around the site and found that the scar was smooth. I frowned as I looked at my arms and found no signs of my earlier battle with the brambles.

I freshened up and changed into my skinny Jeans and T-shirt, I didn’t need to be told of any body odour problems again today. I joined my family in the dinning room. The whole gang was here. Great!

My Father sat at the head of the table, his crisp white shirt, navy silk tie and designer made black suit gave my father a look of someone who had money and power. On either side of my Father was an empty chair, one for my Mother and one for me. Jase Williams sat with his family, Uncle James and Aunt Shannon and his brother Anthony. My Uncle and local Doctor Trevor Brookes sat with his wife Eve and their two sons Lewis and Alex. Kyle Taylor was sat firmly between his parents Uncle Eric and Aunt Chrissy. Last but not least Ash sat with his parents Uncle Allen Jackson and his wife Aunt Alice. Aunt Stella and Uncle Steve no longer attended family gathering such as this since their Daughter Ellie died. They had moved away from the family to recover from their loss and although my Father kept in touch, he respected their wish to remain absent.

I put on my best smile and went to sit in the chair where my mother would usually sit, next to Uncle Allen. I saw Jase stiffen in his seat and clench his hands into fists. My Father scowled at me and held the seat firmly in place . . . guess I had to sit in my usual seat then, next to Jase.

I sat and received a pat on the shoulder from my Father. I heard my Mum pushing the hostess trolley, the cups were chinking together. I could smell freshly made coffee and . . . . Danish pastries. I drew in the aromas and my stomach grumbled in appreciation. Uncle Allen held the door open for Mum, and she pushed the trolley into the corner of the room before joining my Dad at the table.

My Father stood “Thank you all for coming, before we start please help yourself to the refreshments that Carol has whipped up. Kat that includes you, we don’t want to hear your stomach complaining any longer.” There were a few chuckles in the room, mainly from Ash and Kyle. My Aunts all stood and went to the trolley to fetch drinks for their husbands and themselves. Once they had returned Lewis, Alex and Anthony went and served themselves drinks, grabbed a pastry and returned to their chairs.

I tried to stand and Jase put a hand on my thigh, “I’ll get it, you stay” He moved so fast I didn’t have time to tell him I could get it myself. He came back with a coffee for me just the way I liked it, two sugars and not too milky. The plate held two pastries and he gently put them down in front of me, he gave my shoulder a little squeeze and returned to the trolley to get his own.

Once everyone was settled my father began “Kat we need you to tell us what happened out there today. No matter how small and insignificant the details we want to know, so when you are ready, begin.” All eyes were on me now, so the ‘when you are ready, begin’ was pointless. They were waiting.

I remained in my chair and thought about where to begin. I omitted telling them about Jase kissing me because I had just told him that I had never kissed a boy. There were just some things that I couldn’t tell them, this being one of them! I began my escapade from my leaving a note saying I was going hiking. I recalled in detail all the events. I wiped my sweaty hands down my jeans as I described my awareness that I wasn’t alone and that I was being followed.

Jase’ hand gently stroked my thigh throughout. Sometimes he would give a little encouraging squeeze when I paused to look around the room. After I’d finished repeating blonde spikey haired boy’s last words to me, ‘don’t run, I might not be able to stop myself next time’.” Jase’ hand froze. He was staring at me. I glanced around the room, I expected everyone to be looking at me, but found that they were looking at my Father. He looked anguished “Did he . . . touch you? Or . . . force himself on you Kat?” “God no. . . He never laid a finger on me” Doctor Trevor spoke “How I can say this tactfully. . . Did you remain conscious at all times Kat?” “Yes I did, I never flaked out once - I thought I was going to, but I managed to get a grip on my emotions and I ran.” Trevor gave a little nod of his head and looked back to my Father.

Jase shuffled his chair a little bit closer and our thighs met. He took my hand in his and lowered it under the table and sat smoothing the back of my hand with his thumb. I hadn’t forgiven him, but I needed his familiar touch and found it comforting. My Father stood and addressed the room “Lewis, Alex and Anthony, I want you three to follow Kats trail and see if you can pick up another. Report back to me, do not go after him.” My three older cousins all got up and left immediately. “Jase, I want you and Kat to go and sort out your differences, go to the games room and don’t come out until it is resolved.” Jase stood and tugged me up with him.

On the way out of the room I heard my Father say “Until we know who he is and what he wants with my daughter, Kat is vulnerable.” I turned back to face everyone but was aware that Jase was still tugging on my hand. “Dad if he was going to hurt me he would’ve tried to do it there and then” My Father slammed a hand down on the table and spat his next words out “He said that he wanted you. Wanted you Kat and that your scent made him curious. He also warned you not to run or he wouldn’t be able to help himself. No human would be able to smell your scent Kat.” I stood stunned into silence. So blonde spikey haired boy was what? . . . Like us? My fathers tone was gentler now “This is all new to you Kat, go with Jase and we will catch up later.” I studied him for a moment before Jase tugged me free from the room.

We made our way silently over to the gym. He flicked on the lights and went straight up to the games room, flicking switches as he went turning on the lights and arcade machines. He sat on the sofa and patted the seat next to him. I went to our bar and grabbed the bottle of vodka, poured myself a large shot and filled the glass with coke. Jase sat silently observing my every move.

I casually made my way over to the pool table and put my drink on the wooden surround and turned to face Jase, resting my bottom on the edge of the table and folding my arms across my chest. After a few minutes Jase spoke quietly “Was I that bad?” What? Why was this about his performance? “Jase, get you ego in check - it wasn’t about you!” “No?” “NO Jase, it was about me, bearing my soul to you, trusting you . . . and then wham! You think you can solve my problems by kissing me?” He ambled over to the bar; giving himself time to think of what he was going to say. He grabbed a glass and poured himself a double of vodka and grabbed a can of red bull from the fridge and mixed his drink.

He casually strode over, placed his glass near mine and stood directly in front of me. He unfolded my arms and held onto both my hands, smoothing them with his thumbs. He lifted his gaze from our hands and looked me in the face “I misread the situation Kat, I’m sorry” “Don’t worry about it” Jase rested his forehead on mine “I thought you wanted it as much as I did, I won’t make that assumption again.” Wait. What? I held my breath then slowly let it out. Jase eased away from me but I held on tight to his hands. “Jase?” He looked away “Don’t worry about it” “Jase, I . . . I thought, well I thought you were kissing me because it would make you my first kiss.” “Kat you don’t get it do you?” He clenched and unclenched his jaw, I could see the muscles in his face shift with the movement “I want to be your first in everything - not because I’m the egotistical pig that you seem to think I am, but because I” he looked away now, I cupped his face and brought it back so that he had no choice but to look at me he drew in a breath and gently said “I love you Kat” His lips met mine.

He smoothed my hair and then scrunched it up in his hands, his kiss deepened and I reciprocated and pulled him closer. His hands found their way to my waist, he lifted me, sat me on the edge of the pool table. I wrapped my legs around him pulling him closer to me. My hands found their way to his shaggy hair. I let his hair slide in between my fingers before I grabbed a fist full of it at the back of his head. Our lips moved in unison whilst we explored each others mouths. His tongue slid across my teeth and I nipped at it, but allowed his tongue to slip in and explore. I could feel my tummy muscles tightening and releasing, my breathing becoming more ragged and a whooshing in my ears.

He slid his hands up and down my back in a feathery touch, almost a tickle but more . . . sensual causing my breath to hitch a little. My body moved of its own volition, I pressed myself against him. He made a low rumbling noise into my mouth and then nipped at my bottom lip. Jase pulled away a little and tucked my head under his chin. He rubbed his face over the top of my head kissing my hair as he went. Jase showered the side of my face with kisses. I turned my head to give him better access to my neck. I shivered when his tongue licked the length of my neck to my collar bone and his teeth nipped and scraped on their way back up to my ear.

Sounds of pleasure crept up my throat and escaped my lips. It would appear I had been missing out on so much! Jase pulled back and watched me as I licked my swollen lips. Jase ran his thumb across my lips then stepped back a couple of steps. He ran his hands through his hair and scrubbed his chin.

He stepped close and pulled me into an embrace. His fingers brushed across my lips before he lowered them to my chin and tipped my head up so I could look at him “Oh god Kat that was . . .” I cut him off by nipping his bottom lip and kissing him. I trailed kisses up and down his neck, breathing in his scent, tasting it.

I could feel him starting to tremble. He pulled away a little and lowered me off the table. He slid me down his body and I could feel how much he was enjoying this. I ran my hand lightly over the front of his T-shirt down towards his waist band, he grabbed my hand and put it around his back “Oh god Kat your doing things to me” He waggled his eyebrows to make me laugh and cover up his embarrassment. I slipped my other arm around his back and settled my head on his chest. When both of us had our emotions under control Jase spoke “I’ve spent so long dreaming about this Kat, wondering what it would be like to kiss you” “and?” “And now I think I need to do it again” I guess you could say that Jase and I had sorted out our differences.

After several loud protests from my stomach we walked back to the house. I went straight to the kitchen and raided the contents of the fridge. Jase sat on a stool watching me and smiling when he saw how thick I had sliced the bread.

I was tucking into my cheese and ham sandwich when my Father came into the kitchen. “Lewis, Alex and Anthony managed to follow your trail Kat and they found another scent too. Jase your Dad is coming with me, we are going to need to shift, are you coming?” Jase jumped off the stool and had an excited look on his face “Yeah great, shall I get the others?” “No Jase, no others apart from Kat” I slowly lowered my tiny bit of sandwich that I was still holding. I looked up, I noticed two things. 1, Jase looked like an excited puppy, and 2, my Father had a challenging look about him “I . . . Umm . . . oh!!. . . so you’re all going to - you know, shift”

Jase covered my hand with his, a gentle touch meant to reassure me “It’s not that bad Kat, not really” I flicked a glance at Jase knew that if I refused to go I would have to do battle with my Father and it would also hurt Jase. I muttered a swear word under my breath and then beamed my best smile “O.K lets do this”

My Father looked approvingly at me “Well that was easier than I thought it would be” I snorted softly and went to change into my running gear.

I joined Uncle James and Jase in the garden. I could hear music blaring from the gym and knew that the others would be working out. I looked over at the gym. A huge part of me wished I could go and train with them rather than see them as wolves. I closed my eyes and shook my head to try and clear the images that were popping into my head.

My Father stepped out of the back door. He was now changed into black sweat pants and black T-shirt and running shoes. He was pure muscle and looked powerful. His short dark hair and tanned body made him look like a bad ass - but put a designer suit on him and he became Mr Professional, Mr Efficient and Mr Trustworthy all rolled into one.

Uncle James and Jase were in their black sweat pants and T-shirts. I looked at their muscles and noticed that they too had really defined shapes. Jase must have seen my looking, he flexed his pecks and when I looked at him he waggled his eye brows. I smiled but my mind was thinking about how they would look in their other forms.
They stood looking at me, waiting for me to refuse to go with them. I could feel Jase’ pleading look burning into my soul. This was important to him. I hesitated for a moment, gave myself a mental shake and started to walk towards the steep hill that I had taken earlier.

My Father was explaining to me that the smells would be fainter as a couple of hours had passed but he could pick out my scent as it is linked to his and my Mums. “So when that guy said he was curious because he could smell me, it wasn’t because I’d got wicked body odour?” My Uncle James laughed “No Kat, he probably would have picked up your scent the same way he would’ve picked up mine, but unfortunately he will be able to smell you’re a un- mated female and just coming into your fertile cycle.” Oh that was just great!

My Father took up the conversation “Can you remember what Uncle Trevor told you about our mating cycle?” I nodded, he carried on “So a female can breed for a short while and if they are lucky and have a girl they are no longer able to have any more children.” I gave another little nod of my head. He carried on explaining “Well it’s a natural process to keep our numbers down so that we aren’t discovered co-existing with humans, so in short, our race is low in females.”

I looked ahead and tried to get this new information into place in my head. “Dad can male wolves live human lives? If they choose a human and give their heart to them do they live human lives?” My father shook his head “Unfortunately Kat it doesn’t work like that for the males, their ultimate goal is making wolf babies. Some settle with human girls or they marry a human girl, some have children with that person, but if a female wolf was near and in her fertile cycle and without a mate the male would do everything he could to become the one she gives her heart too, to become her life mate.” He looked at me to see if I understood everything before continuing “Males even if they have a human partner still need to shift shape and become wolf a couple of times a month.” I was processing everything that my Dad was sharing with me and trying to make sense of it all.

I slowed down and came to a stop. Jase slid his hand up and down my arms and then linked his hand in mine.  “Jase is this why you told me you love me because I’m going to be fertile soon?” “Oh God, No Kat I Love you, you! I always have, I told you I want to be your first everything - and I want to be your last everything. If you decide that you don’t want children, yeah I’ll be gutted, but I would respect your decision Kat” “and you would keep on loving me?” “You know it princess” he pulled me in close and rubbed his face on the top of my head.

Uncle James cleared his throat and we jumped apart “Something you guys want to share?” James had a teasing expression on his face but came over and wrapped his arms around the pair of us. “Kat, if there is one thing I know it is that my son has been crazy about you since he was knee high to a grass hopper, he lives and breathes for you. You haven’t got to be worrying about babies and such just yet.”

My father was on the move again. Uncle James caught up with him and Jase and I walked together, he draped an arm across my shoulder “I mean it Kat, I really do love you. If I had one wish it would be that you could see that this has nothing to do with your fertility or babies, or any of that crap and that you could see what you mean to me.” “Jase I have no idea what to say or how I feel, I wish I had known sooner, I wish that there had been, I don’t know . . . a sign” “a sign that I love you?” “Yeah, I guess. We have all grown up together, done everything together and now. .now I think of you differently, I love the way you make me feel, I love kissing you, but it’s like I have to get to know you all over again - your not just Jase anymore - your Jase the wolf, and. . . . Jase with an incredibly hot body.” He turned so he was in front of me and wiggled his eyebrows “So, I have an incredibly hot body huh?” I felt my cheeks turning bright red. “And you like kissing me?” Whilst smiling I gave a little bob of my head he bent down and kissed me, not a really passionate one, but good enough to make my heart pick up speed. “Jase lets go!” I looked around Jase and could see my Father smiling at me. Jase sprung into action and pulled me along with him.

Dad and Uncle James crouched down and then stood up again. My father signalled for Jase, he let go of my hand and went over to them. He followed their actions, crouching down and sniffing. My Father came to stand beside me, his facial expression had hardened “Kat we have got another scent, we need to shift now. I want to know that you are going to be ok with that. I don’t want you going running off because you don’t want to see us for what we are. I need you to promise that you will stay near.” I drew in a breath “I’ll try not to freak out, if that’s what you are asking, and no, I won’t run.” My father nodded at Uncle James and Jase.

They moved away so that I couldn’t see them, they went behind some thick bushes. My father scanned the area, his eyes passing over every detail and turning his head as if listening beyond our immediate area.

I heard a couple of moans and grunts coming from the direction of Jase and Uncle Trevor, I must have looked panicked because my Dad caught hold of my hand and began smoothing the back of it “It’s okay Kat, it will be over in a moment” He wasn’t kidding, in less than a minute two wolves stood a short distance away, they both stood perfectly still and were assessing me.

It took me a moment to realise that I wasn’t frightened. I wanted to go to them, to touch Jase. My Dad broke my moment of complete awe “Well Kat, I expected you to have a panic attack - which is why I didn’t shift.” “I was worried about this, about how I would feel seeing you all in your wolf forms, but they . . . they look amazing.” “Do you know which one is Jase?” I studied them both from where I stood, one was slightly bigger, and he had dark fur and lighter fur around his muzzle. He stood proud. I noticed lighter fur around the base of his ears. I looked at the other wolf now, he was leaner, and his coat was longer. I smiled and pointed. “You got it princess.” My gaze slid to my Dad, he looked pleased that I had got it right.

There were similarities in the way they both looked, light fur at the base of their ears and around their muzzles, their bellies a lot lighter in colour, but it was Jase that I had the urge to run towards, I wanted to bury my hands in his fur and breath him in. . . Sheesh! Where had that thought come from?

My father patted my arm “Kat you are getting close to shifting, your inner wolf is recognising him as yours. I expect you want to go to him?” Oh god, yes I did, but I wasn’t sure that I would want my Uncle James and Dad to witness me running my fingers through his fur and snuggling into him so I could breathe him in.

My Dad walked away and Uncle James followed leaving me staring at Jase and Jase looking at me. He cocked his head to the side. It was as if he was asking if I was ok. “Jase?” He dipped his head a little, I wasn’t sure but I took it as a nod of the head. “Can you understand what I’m saying?” Again he dipped his head a little. “Can I come and touch you?” I burst out laughing when I saw that he was wiggling his eyebrows at me. I took that as a definite yes and went to him.

I stupidly held out my hand for him to smell, like you would when greeting a dog. He gave a little snort “Sorry Jase, I’m such a doofus! . . . I know what I want to do, but I don’t want to do it, I feel a bit embarrassed.” As if sensing my need to touch him he moved so that his body rested against my legs, and nudged my hand with his nose. I smoothed his fur around his cheeks, it was so soft, I scrunched my fingers into it and kept going, down his neck, I could feel his body tremble, I smoothed his fur on his back and he shifted his weight off my legs.

I crouched down in front of him “Jase I should be running a mile as fast as I can go, I should be scarred witless but I’m not, I feel something really overwhelming, I can’t describe it.” Jase in his wolf form rested his forehead on mine. I kissed the side of his face and snuggled into the fur on his neck, I drew in a long breath and memorised the deep earthy smell that was laced with pine needles and a hint of something else.

“C’mon guys, lets go!” Jase lifted his head and looked in the direction that my Father had just shouted from, he looked at me, and then back again. “Let’s go Jase” I said and started off towards my Dad and Uncle James.

Jase walked silently at my side. I couldn’t believe how quiet he was. We neared my Father when he said “Kat I need to shift, are you okay with that? Seeing me in my wolf form?” “Yeah, I’ll be fine Dad.” My Father started stripping off his clothes and I turned away. “No Kat don’t look away, I want you to see this.” An “Oh shit” escaped my lips. My Dad chuckled and said “Just be still and watch. It will help you when it’s your turn” Jase leant against my legs and put his paw gently on my foot. “Oh god, ok, ok I will watch.” Now I felt panicked! It was Uncle James’ turn to huff. Jase moved away and stood opposite his Dad. They gazed off into the distance scanning the area. I watched Jase and Uncle Trevor, I could see that they were listening, their ears moved around and they cocked their heads. I looked down at my ewww, very naked Father. He was on all fours; he gave me an exasperated sigh before shaking his head at me. His shift began.

His legs below the knee were shrinking, disappearing into the knee joint, I looked at his arms and down to his hands, his fingers were shrinking and his hands were turning into paws. I gasped and took a step backwards. Jase and Uncle James let out a low grumbling.

I froze on the spot and saw my Dads neck lengthen and thicken and his face distort. I wanted to look away but he had something going on in every part of his body, my eyes darted across his body noticing every disgusting, yet intriguing change that was taking place.

His ribs changed shape and then I noticed a tail coming out of his back near his bottom. I was starting to feel panicky, breathing was becoming more difficult. I covered my mouth trying not to make a sound, my Father made a grunting sound and stepped forward, his skin exploded into fur. He took a couple of deep breaths and blew them out of his nose.

The panic was gaining new heights in me, I struggled to catch my breath and found myself on all fours. Pain flared all over my body, my joints felt like they were being ripped apart, my chest was expanding and my waistline elongating. An ache started in my face and a ripping sensation in my lower back near my bottom. I looked up to see my father in wolf form in front of me. He was lying down but looking intensely at me. I know I made a noise, it was a noise that I couldn’t have made as Kat, it was a low grumble, and it started in my chest and worked all the way up my throat and out of my mouth. My Father backed away a little but still watched me. A noise started in my head, it was loud, so loud I couldn’t think about anything, it just was so consuming, I felt like I would go mad if it carried on much longer. I closed my eyes and felt the ground shift, suddenly the noise was over.

I drew in a fortifying breath and I huffed it out. I opened my eyes to see my Father standing close. A low rumble made its way up my throat. He cut me off with a rumble of his own. I bowed my head instantly and looked away.

I heard a whining noise and lifted my head. Jase was standing away from me, he stared into my eyes and cocked his head, was he asking if I was okay? I gave a little bob of my head, unsure if I was okay or not. I looked back to my Father. Uncle James stood next to him. I studied the differences between my Uncle and my Dad. My Father was a lot bigger than my Uncle, his fur was darker and he had a grey patch near his right ear. If I could’ve laughed I would have, it was just where he had a few grey hairs in human form.

My Dad walked towards me and rubbed his face the length of my body. Uncle James stood waiting for my father’s instruction. I watched their actions intently and noticed that my Father had blinked slowly at Uncle James and that Uncle James took that as his cue to come forward.

He nipped my ear and then rubbed his face down the length of my body, he went and stood close to my father, his eyes drifting off into the distance listening.

I listened, I could hear so much more. Birds flying, I could hear their wings beating and the air stirring, Squirrels climbing trees, their feet gripping the bark on the trunks of trees. People in the distance, I could hear them talking as the leaves and twigs rustled and snapped beneath their feet. I looked at my father and huffed. He blinked at me and gave a little nod of his head. I knew he had heard them, my father looked at Jase and blinked at him, Jase bounded up to me, and he nipped my neck and my ears and licked my nose. He too ran his head along my body, but leant against me with his body nearly knocking me over. I took a few tentative steps. I thought back to the film Bambi and pictured myself taking my first faltering steps. Jase nudged me on my hip and walked over to where his dad and my Father were waiting.

I glanced down at my feet, well now they were paws! I looked between my front legs and my back legs and saw they were covered by beautiful golden fur. It was short on the front of my legs and wispy lengths of sandy blonde fur at the backs of my legs. My tail hung between my back legs, I lifted my head and looked down the length of my body. I pictured my tail giving a little swishing action and my tail moved. Not as graceful as it was in my head, but moving none the less. It too had long shaggy fur in golden shades, I lifted my tail and tried to bring it around my body, I strained my neck to try and meet my tail, I stumbled and found it hard to remain on four feet.

I looked up to see Jase with his tongue hanging out to one side and I could have sworn he looked like he was laughing at me. Feeling indignant I got myself back onto all fours and took a couple of steps towards my Dad. Uncle Trevor cocked his head and let out a low grumble, my Dad came and stood at my side and nipped my paw. He was letting me know we had to get moving. Great!

Uncle James and Jase moved to either side of me and my Dad took the lead. I could hear the hikers now, they were a little distance away, I wanted to run, to get far away but I had in effect been boxed in. They walked so quietly in their wolf forms. I hoped that I was managing it too.

We went high, up the steep hill and my Father led us into some heavy foliage. I had to crawl through on my belly and Uncle James and Jase crawled in and blocked the entrance. My Father lay down and lowered his head on his paws and tried to look at ease. His eyes took on a far away stare. I mimicked his action and could hear that there were at least five people out walking. They chatted happily as they went. Jase nudged my foot with his nose. He had his head cocked to the side, again I assumed he was asking if I was ok, I gave a little bob of my head and Jase settled his head on his legs listening to the sounds of the walkers.

When all sounds of the forest had returned to normal and there was no sound from the hikers my Father looked at my Uncle James and blinked. Uncle James dipped his head a little and manoeuvred out of the bushes. Jase followed and then it was my turn. I was thinking that this would have been a lot easier if I was in my human form, I could crawl out on my hands and knees when I was frozen to the spot. I couldn’t physically move. I could feel my skin shifting and moving, my joints aching and my face hurting like a bitch. I started panting, I could feel the air burning my lungs, I gasped and gasped needing to get relief and draw a breath without the burn. My legs were changing. I could feel the bones shifting and lengthening and something disappearing into my back. I could hear myself whimpering and could feel that I was shaking all over. The noise returned, loud, so loud, I lost my balance but it didn’t matter, the noise continued. Finally it was over, I lay on my side panting and trying to adjust to the quick change.

My side hurt, I realised I was lying on something. I started to get up and discovered that your clothes don’t shift with you, I was completely butt naked! Jase was wiggling his eyebrows at me with his tongue hanging out. Uncle James nudged him away and had the decency to look the other way. I scrambled back into the bushes and bumped into my Dad. He moved around me and sat in front of the hole that we had crawled into and didn’t move.

He was communicating with my Uncle and Jase. I heard a huff and then their paws hitting the floor as they ran. My Dad kept his back to me blocking the entrance and giving me privacy, I was grateful that he would afford me some dignity in this situation.

My Father stood and moved away from the entrance, I couldn’t see him, but I could hear him, he wasn’t far. I heard Jase and my Uncle running, they were getting closer. I heard them slow down and could hear the huffing sound of them breathing hard. I started to move towards the entrance “Here you are Kat, they might be a little bit big but it beats walking about naked” my Dad threw in Jase’ tee-shirt and sweatpants.

I shoved them on really fast, I was freezing cold. I scrambled out through the entrance where my Dad was waiting. He was dressed in his gym gear and wore a huge smile. He pulled me into a huge hug, rubbing his cheek across mine. “Oh my baby girl, I wasn’t expecting that today! How are you feeling?” “I’m not sure how I feel, I mean, I feel great, but kind of freaked at the same time. And then there is the whole being naked bit, one of my finer moments that I would rather forget but I’m guessing Jase won’t let me!” Jase huffed and I looked over to him, he shook his head and waggled his eyebrows “Jerk!” I shouted and my Dad chuckled and said “Well princess, I think you are just fine, but we had better get you back so Uncle Trevor can give you a quick once over”

Uncle James came out from behind some bushes fully dressed. He had Jase’ training shoes in his hand, he walked over and put them on the floor in front of me so that I could step into them “You did good baby girl, you handled your first shift really well.” he pulled me into a hug and rubbed his cheek across the top of my head.

Once Uncle James had moved away Jase leant on my leg and shoved his muzzle in my hand, I crouched down and hugged him. I smoothed his neck and planted a kiss on the top of his head. I heard Jase let out a little sigh. My dad reached across and I held out a hand to him.

We walked home slowly, I had to hold up Jase’ sweatpants to stop myself from further embarrassment, and his shoes were too big and I kept stepping out of them. My uncle teased me about remembering to strip off next time.

Jase walked with us but looked like he was ready to bound off out of sight if he had too. Dad kept looking sideways at me and grinning. “I still feel pretty freaked out, but I’ve got to say shifting was pretty awesome.” My father beamed some more “It is awesome Kat and I’m guessing the guys will want you to go running with them and stuff once you get used to it.” My uncle spoke next “No running off on your own though until we know who was out in the forest with you, okay?”

For a moment I had completely forgotten about blonde spikey haired boy and the reason for our trip “Did you get a scent?” my Father nodded “Yes, but it’s not anyone we recognise, but it is one we will remember.” Dad helped me down the steep hill, and Jase ran on ahead. I surprised myself by managing to stay upright, which was really quite impressive due to my co-ordination being hindered by Jase’ training shoes!



Chapter Five

On the way into the house I heard the gym door fling open and saw all the guys running over to us. My dad took in my panicked expression and said “Go” I was gone like a shot leaving Jase’ shoes outside.

After a really long shower I came out of my en-suite wrapped in a white fluffy towel to find Jase dressed and sprawled across my bed. He shuffled over and patted the bed for me to join him. I perched on the edge of my bed, not really comfortable of lounging around with Jase in just a towel. He ran a hand across my bare shoulders making me tingle and shiver all over. Jase plopped back on the bed and put his hands behind his head. I think it was his way of saying that he knew I was feeling uncomfortable and would keep his hands to himself “Kat can you put some clothes on, I really want to hold you.” I smiled my thanks to him and went to my wardrobe.

I grabbed a pair of jeans and a vest top. I went to my drawers and pulled out matching bra and knickers, I put on the knickers whilst still wearing the towel, but turned my back to Jase to put on the bra. He stopped breathing, he was perving on me! I turned around and Jase looked away quickly. I shoved on the jeans and top and went back to sit on the bed. Jase made a space and I settled into it.

My hair was still wet, it splayed across his T-shirt, and he finger combed it, occasionally lifting it to his nose to sniff it. “I love you Kat. I love you for trusting me when I was in my wolf form, I loved everything about it. I loved being able to show you the other me. I don’t have to hide it from you anymore, and that to me means no more secrets.” He kissed my head several times. “I love the fact that you knew me Kat. You recognised me and had no fear. You touched me, hell you even kissed me and didn’t worry about my dog breath!” I went to speak but he said “no, let me finish please?” I nodded “when you shifted you looked beautiful, your eyes shone a bright green, so bright Kat, I wish you could see them, I’ve imagined what you would look like as a wolf so many times, but what I saw today . . . wow, you blew me away Kat.” He wrapped his arms around me and kissed the top of my head some more.

“I can’t put how I feel into words Jase. I’m awed I think would best describe it. I need to get my head around it all, it’s just . . . you know, happened so quickly.” “Yeah, a couple of days notice didn’t give you much time to get used to it, but you are doing amazing, you know?” He smoothed my hair and leant up on his elbow “are you hungry?” I put my hand behind his head and pulled him down so that his lips were an inch away from mine. I wiggled my eyebrows and managed to say “Starving” before our lips locked.

Footsteps thundered up the stairs. Ash and Kyle were outside my bedroom. I pulled away from Jase and he sat up. As soon as I had opened the door, I instantly regretted it.

Kyle picked me up and hugged me tight, he lowered me to my feet and held me close “So, Kitty Kat is now a wolf” he whispered with humour in his voice before nipping his teeth into my ear. He kissed it gently and smothered the side of my face in kisses.

Ash tugged me away from Kyle and wrapped his arms around me, he rested his cheek on the top of my head and breathed in through his nose, he gave a little sigh, released me but held onto my hand “Your Dad told us and we couldn’t wait for you to come downstairs. So, how do you feel?” I gave a brave smile “Yeah, I’m good. It’s going to take a bit of getting used too, but yeah it wasn’t so bad”

Jase got off the bed and I watched him amble over to where we were standing. He rubbed across my shoulders and let his hand trail down my arm until he was holding my other hand. Kyle watched Jase through narrowed eyes.

I turned to see that Jase was smiling casually at Kyle, but his eyes were saying something else. Ash cleared his throat and moved away “Your Mum is loading up some plates with sandwiches and stuff. She said to come and get you.” He bumped into Kyle knocking him a little, Ash shook his head a little and said “C’mon Kyle lets go!” Kyle stared at Jase for a few seconds and then before leaving he punched the wall.

Jase pulled me back and stopped me going after Kyle. I swung around to face Jase “What the hell was that about?” I demanded. Jase cupped my chin and leaned in for a kiss, I pulled away “Jase what’s going on?” He closed his eyes for a few seconds and then went over to my window looking out. “Help me out here a little will you, tell me what the whole staring daggers at you and thumping the wall is about!” he gave a little shrug. “Tell me before I kick your arse Jase Williams!” His shoulder slumped and he slowly turned to face me. “He likes you Kat” I made a snorting sound “I like him, but I don’t go around thumping walls to prove that I like him, this is just too screwy Jase, tell me” I could hear myself going up a few octaves and getting a bit louder. “He really likes you Kat, he thinks he stands a chance with you!” “A chance with me? I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about” That was the second time that this had been said, what the hell was going on?

He gave me a sad smile “We’ve all been waiting, hoping that you would pick one of us to be your mate” he looked back out the window. I went to him and I wrapped my arms around him resting my face on his back. I ran my fingers over his impressive pecks and felt him relax. “Kat I want you as my mate, but that is ultimately your choice, you don’t have to choose now, this is all new to you, I’m so happy that we have shared kisses and cuddled up but if you want to cool it I will understand.” “Jase I don’t want to cool it, I love the way you make me feel, I don’t think anyone else could make me feel like this.” he turned in my arms and I pressed my face into his chest, he kissed and smoothed my hair “I don’t know if I love you, hell I don’t even know what love is or how it feels, I just know that something inside me . . .feels differently now, I can’t explain it, I saw you in your wolf form and my insides ached, I needed to be with you, I don’t know what I would have done if someone held me back, and it scares me, you know?” I looked up at him and he looked so relieved “I’m not used to feelings like this, or talking like this, hell, this time last week I’d have kicked your arse rather than have a touchy feely chat with you!” He chuckled “Yeah Kat, don’t I know it. C’mon lets go grab some food and we can work the rest out as we go” he kissed me gently on the lips but moved away before I could deepen it. Damn!

The door to the dining room was shut. I pressed my ear to the door and listened. I could hear voices but couldn’t make out what was being said. Jase caught hold of my hand and pulled me away. In the kitchen he made a plate of sandwiches for me and one for him “Let’s go to the games room.” “Why?” “Let’s give Kyle a bit of space” with his shoulders slumped we made our way over to the games room. We sat on the sofa and I munched through my sandwich. Jase hardly spoke and he looked so sad “What’s wrong Jase? I know there is something wrong, is it Kyle?” “Yeah, this is going to be hard on him, and he’s my best friend.”

Oh now I felt really great! My buddies, all falling out over me! I wasn’t some great catch, I wasn’t blessed with really good looks, if I was, I’m sure more boys would have shown an interest when I was at school.

Jase finished his food and ran his fingers through his hair. He leant forward resting his elbows on his knees. I stood and went to leave thinking he wanted or needed to be on his own. “Don’t go Kat” he sat back on the sofa and lifted one leg up and rested it on the seat. He patted the space between his legs and I went and sat in the space, I twisted and curled my legs up, tucked my feet under and rested my top half against his chest. I fell asleep cocooned in his arms with him running his fingers through my hair.

The Gym door opened. I could hear my Father talking to Uncle Trevor. He went quiet and then shouted up stairs to me. He told me to go back to the house so that the Doctor could take a look at me. I got off the sofa and Jase stood up too, he cupped my face in both hands and gently kissed my lips “Do you want me to come with you?” “No I’m going to see Uncle Trevor and then I want to see if I can talk to Kyle” he grimaced and then kissed me more thoroughly. “Be careful Kat, he’s pretty upset.” After another mind blowing kiss and arrangements made for a sparring session at 8, I wandered back to the house.

I was just passing the kitchen when Ash made a “Pssst” sound and beckoned me into the room. I stole a breath - dreading that Ash was about to declare his love for me and went in. “I’m supposed to be having a health check with Uncle Trevor” My voice had a slight edge of impatience. “Yeah I know, I just wanted to say something first.” “Okay shoot” He leant back on the worktop and looked at the floor “Ash just spit it out will you” He studied my face for a moment and then said “I’ve always known that you would choose Jase, I’m gutted, but I’ll get over it” I nodded my head and waited for him to carry on “whatever happens Kat, know that I will always want to be in your life. Always, ok?” Feeling guilty, I walked over to him. “I didn’t know Ash, I had no idea that any of you guys felt that way about me” I hugged him and went to step away but he held on to me “Kat be careful around Kyle, he’s not thinking straight.” He kissed the top of my head and held me tight for a moment “I know you didn’t know how we all felt, we have been brought up knowing that the future of our pack depends on you. On you choosing one of us as your mate, we all are contenders Kat, all of us. I just want to say one more thing okay?” I just stared at him “be careful Kat, make sure that it really is Jase that you love before you . . . you know, get pregnant” “Ash how am I supposed to know? I have no idea what love is, and the idea of having a baby now - scares the shit out of me, so yeah I’ll be careful” he nodded his head and left me with the future of the pack on my shoulders.

I was just grabbing a cold can from the fridge when Uncle Trevor came into the kitchen “Hello little un, how are you doing?” “I don’t know Uncle Trev, confused, scared, lost! I think that should just about cover it” He crossed the floor and pulled out two stools and we both sat. “Okay, let’s get your check up out of the way and then we’ll talk.” He asked various questions about the lead up to my change, how I felt before, during and after, and then he took my pulse and felt my head asking if I had been hot or cold.

When he had satisfied himself that I was okay, he asked me why I felt confused “Well I have just been told that I’m a shifter, I’ve now shifted and suddenly everyone is declaring that they have feelings for me.” Uncle Trevor sat back “So it’s confusing you to find out that they want you for a mate?” “well yeah, all through my life I’ve watched girls have relationships with boys and wished it was me, and now I think the guys scared off any boys that might have been interested in me” “yes, they will have made sure there was no competition standing in their way”

I sank back on the stool and gathered my thoughts “So by making sure that no one was interested it gave them a better chance of me falling for one of them?” He gave a slow nod of his head “Ash has just warned me to be careful, to be sure that I love Jase before I get pregnant, how am I supposed to know what love is Uncle Trevor when . . . I have never had that kind of relationship with anyone before?” he looked like he was praying, he tapped his chin with his fingers several times. He was thinking.

“Well Kat, that is difficult. I could describe a lot of emotions that could all equate to lust or love, but the fundamental difference for us is this, our inner wolf recognises our soul mate. It would move heaven and earth to be with the one we love, it becomes territorial and very possessive.” “Is it the same for females and males? Do males become possessive?” “Hmmm. Males become possessive, but don’t mistake their possessiveness for a show of love Kat, as I have already said a male’s goal is to father children, to produce a girl so the pack can carry on. Girls are very precious, that is why our pack has protected you, and whilst you may not like the fact that the guys prevented you getting close to any males it was in the interest of the pack.” I nodded and understood but it didn’t make it feel any better.

“Did you know that you loved Aunt Eve? Or was you erm. . . Lusting after her?” he gave a little chuckle and his face lit up “Oh I knew that I loved her from the moment I set eyes on her. She came from another pack. I heard about her and went to seek her out. That sounds horrible, but it is what it is Kat. The wolf gene kicking in and making you want the female shifter so you can have children with the hope of having a girl – but, I love her so much, and not for what she could give me. I love her because of who she is and, here we are, years later, not regretting a moment of our lives together.” “I’m not sure what to do Uncle Trevor, it’s all so new. I just want to go away somewhere so I can think things through, come to terms with it all.” “I know little un, I know, but we will help you - you know that right?” “Yeah, thanks by the way, for taking the time to talk to me” he rubbed my cheek “It’s all part of the service, now are you going to be ok? Only I have been summoned home for a family meal.” “Yeah you go Uncle Trev. I’ll be fine, I’m going to try and catch up with Kyle” “just be careful Kat and remember what I said, don’t mistake possessiveness for love” he pulled me close, kissed the top of my head and left.

Kyle wasn’t hard to track down. The music was blaring and I could hear it before I got to his parents house. After knocking several times and no one answering, I went in. I pushed his bedroom door open; Kyle was lying on his stomach looking at a magazine.

I took a couple of steps into the room before Kyle swung around. He looked horrified and shoved the magazine under his bed. “Kat!” I froze on the spot “Kyle?” he got up and turned his stereo down a bit. He looked at me like I was his arch enemy “What the hell are you doing here Kat? Why aren’t you with lover boy?” His voice was laced with such venom, he never spoke to me this way. He flirted and joked around, but never did he speak to me as if he hated me. My chest ached, and my voice was cracked “Kyle I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have come, I’ll go” “yeah you do that, Go on GO!” I ran downstairs and out of his house, tears streamed down my face. I stopped when I was a few yards away and sank to the floor sobbing.

I heard Kyle running after me. I scrubbed the tears away from my eyes and looked up at him, he stood a few feet away from me “Oh god Kat, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry; I didn’t mean to make you cry.” He took a step forward and held out a hand to help me up. I batted it away. He knelt down “Kat please.” My tears were flowing freely down my face. I didn’t bother to wipe them away there was no point. He’d seen me crying now, showing my weakness. “Kat” his voice was gentle now, but it was too late. I pushed myself to my feet and stomped away; Kyle grabbed my arm and swung me around to face him.

I looked down at his hand still gripping my arm “You have two seconds to get your hand off me or you will regret it” He instantly let it go “Kat let me explain” “let you explain what exactly? That you love me? Is that what you want to say?” At least he had the decency to look a little bit embarrassed “Well yeah” “I can’t deal with this Kyle, a couple of days ago, my life was . . . normal, I was just a girl with an extended family, and now . . . now I’m a wolf, a shifter. I thought you would be there for me Kyle to help me deal with this shit, the way I would’ve been there if it was you!” He rubbed his temples wearily and drew a deep breath “Kat I don’t know what happened, I guess I got jealous” “But you had no right too! I’m not your property Kyle. I‘m not anyone’s!” he took a step forward and reached out for me. I dodged his arms and turned away. Kyle watched me go but didn’t follow and for that I was grateful. I really didn’t want to fight with him anymore.

Back in the sanctuary of my bedroom I cranked up the volume on my I-pod drowning out all thoughts. I had reached meltdown point. I’d listened to Black Stone Cherry’ entire album and was just putting it onto random when the smell of fish and chips drifted into my room. My stomach let out a happy groan and I found myself downstairs in an instant.

Dad was gathering plates and drinks from the fridge “It’s just us two tonight poppet. Your Mums got some house calls to make so I thought we’d have a take away.” “Smells delicious, I didn’t realise I was hungry until the smell wafted into my room.” My Dad smiled. “You will need to eat more Kat, make sure you eat regularly and have plenty of calories. Your body will need more for the first couple of months.” I nodded and set about demolishing my plate of food.

“Did you talk with Kyle?” “Kind of. Let’s just say I don’t think he wanted to see me. He yelled - so I left.” My fathers fists clenched and un-clenched “Did he frighten you?” I shook my head. “No I wasn’t frightened, just hurt I suppose, he has never been like that with me and it was hard” Dad gave me a sad smile. “It was hard for him too Kat. He has always had a soft spot for you” “Is it always going to be this hard Dad?” He swivelled the stool so that he faced me and turned mine so that my knees were in-between his legs. He held both of my hands, smoothing the backs of them with his thumbs “Princess we have kept you safe from unwanted attention from the guys and humans, now it is time that you find your true mate. Be sure that he is the one, don’t rush into anything and remember that you are fertile now that you have shifted. You will get pregnant Kat if you mate with a male. I know that Uncle Trevor has spoken to you about this but I just need to remind you.”

OMG I didn’t want to have a ‘birds and bees’ talk with my Dad. I couldn’t speak, I concentrated on looking at our hands “All I’m going to say is this, be ready to fight off anyone who tries to take things further. Kissing and cuddling is all part of growing up, but full on sex with anyone who isn’t your true mate will kill you and your baby. This is why we have taught you to fight Kat; so that you can take care of yourself” I grimaced. “I wish I had known, I’m finding it hard, there are so many things to deal with all in one go.” “Well I think you are handling it fine so far. Sure the guys are going to be vying for your attention, there will be fallings out, but they are all a good bunch and anyone of them is worthy of my daughter.” “But what if I don’t want to live like this? What if I choose a normal life with a normal guy? What then?” my father sat up and tilted my chin up so he could see my face, he studied it for a moment “Kat if you choose that life, so long as you truly love him then that is fine.” I believed him. He said it with such conviction. “What would happen to the. . . Well the pack?” “The pack is my concern. You mustn’t worry about the guys. They will move on and try to find a female shifter and I will help them.” “And if I choose a shifter what will happen to the others?” He looked sad for a moment and then smiled, but the smile never reached his eyes. “Some may choose to stay here with us, or with you. Some will move on looking for a female to breed with, they can settle in other shifter communities so long as they prove their worth and as Alpha I can vouch for all of the guys.”

This was starting to confuse me even more. “There are others like us with dysfunctional families? So we are not the only ones?” Amusement lit his face “No Kat, there are others like us. I’m in contact with some of the Alphas and know which families have girls. So you must not worry about our guys, they can easily move to be near those families and get to know the girls if they want too. The nearest other community is about 50 miles away.” A strange relief rushed over me. I didn’t feel so responsible for finding a mate and having shifter babies.

Dad cupped my face and kissed me on the head “Alex is in the process of opening a night club near one of the communities. He has a couple of the pack members working for him and setting the place up. He has met a young female shifter called Jules and is currently trying to win her heart. It’s looking promising too.” “So will he move on if things work out with Jules?” my Father nodded “It’s how it works Kat. Boy meets girl, hopefully girl falls in love with boy, and they set up home together. If they have a girl they move on and set up their own community Alex will become Alpha, we may loose a couple of our family members to Alex’s pack but it’s all part of the bigger picture.” I let what he had just said sink in “So you and Mum set up your own community when you had me?” he had a proud look about him now “Yes we did, Uncle Trevor and Uncle James moved with us and helped us start up.

“Uncle Trevor was already married to Aunt Eve and had had Alex and Lewis, and Uncle James was married to Aunt Shannon and they’d had Anthony and Jase. They are the original members and then slowly word got about that we had a girl and over about five years our pack increased as Uncle Eric Aunt Alice and Kyle joined us, followed by your Uncle Allen and Aunt Chrissy with Ash.” “Did they try for a girl? Eric and Allen?” He gave a little shrug and said with sadness in his voice “It isn’t that they didn’t try, both of them suffered losses. Aunt Chrissy and Aunt Alice had several miscarriages. It was a very sad time for all of us” I let that information sink in and moved on to another subject.

“What about Aunt Stella and Uncle Steve, wasn’t Uncle Steve an Alpha?” My Dad took a long drink from his can “Yes, no. He should’ve been an Alpha and set up his own community but he wasn’t ambitious, they wanted to blend into the background, but couldn’t live without pack life so they asked if they could join us. We accepted them, but after Ellie got pregnant they moved away. Then later, when Ellie died, they asked if they could leave the community. Of course we reluctantly let them go.”

“Okay, so if Kyle met a girl and chose to live a normal life could he still be part of the community?” my Dad rubbed his forehead and then ran his fingers through his hair, this wasn’t going to be good. “No Kat. Anyone who chooses to be with a human cannot be a part of pack life. They have to give up that part of their life and that includes their families.” The words ‘oh shit’ ran through my head “but. . .” I couldn’t finish the conversation, words failed me. “Kat if you want a normal life then it is only fair that you know what you have to give up, and that would be us, your family.” My shoulders hunched and head hung low, my Dad put his arms around me and smoothed down my hair “of course we would prefer it if you found a shifter mate so that we could continue to be a part in your life but the choice is ultimately yours.” He kissed my head several times before grabbing our plates and loading the dishwasher.

Jase was already in the gym, music was blaring and he was giving the punch bags a workout. He wore grey sweatpants and a white clingy muscle T-shirt, his shaggy shoulder length hair was pulled into a band at the back of his head. My insides felt like they were fluttering about and I felt a little bit nervous, or maybe it was excitement at seeing him there.

He turned and beamed a smile just for me. I went to the edge of the mats and removed my shoes. He ambled over to me and hugged me close. He was all sweaty but I welcomed it and breathed in deeply, filling my every fibre with his scent. He tugged on my hair and I tipped my head up so I could see him “How did it go with Kyle?” “I think I turned it into a pity party so I’m not sure really” I buried my face back into his chest rubbing my cheek against his muscles “the words Kat and pity party don’t go well together, are you okay?” he smoothed my back and his hands gently slid their way down my arms making them tingle. “Yeah, I’m going to be fine.” I went on my tip toes and kissed the end of his nose and moved away to warm up.

I stood on the mat and gestured for him to join me, I was warmed up and ready for action. He casually walked over and we stood in our fighting stances, Jase was smiling and making no attempt to spar with me, I side kicked him hard in the ribs, he stumbled back a couple of steps “Oh not nice Kat!” I spread my arms wide inviting him to take a shot, but the goon still stood there. I did another side kick and caught him in the ribs again; he rubbed his ribs but didn’t move in to attack. “Jase are we sparring? Or am I kicking your arse?” he shook his head “I can’t do it Kat; I don’t want to spar with you in case I hurt you!” I grinned at him and said “I’m a shifter, I’ll heal.” I did a low leg sweep and put him on his backside, I stepped away there was no point in pinning him to the floor if he was going to let me, where was the fun in that?

Jase got up and stood in his fighting stance “You know you are supposed to pin me to the floor for 10 seconds, what happened?” with a slight edge of impatience in my voice I said “You know we are supposed to be sparring! What happened?” He gave a little nod and said “ready” was I ever! We danced around the mats avoiding each others blows, this went on for a few minutes before I’d knocked him to the floor, I pounced and straddled him and lay across his chest pining one arm to the floor. His other arm wrapped around me and pulled trying to pull me off him I started counting, when I reached 8 he shoved and rolled and I was underneath, I wriggled and shoved, in my head I’d counted to 6 I bucked and managed to free myself a little, Jase sprawled over the top of me, he pinned my hands above my head and his lips found their way to my ear. He nipped and scraped his teeth down my neck and found the hollow of my collar bone he licked it teased his tongue up my neck back to my ear. I heard a little gasp sound leave my lips, Jase went still for a moment and then rolled off me.

He lay flat on his back with his legs bent and ran his hands over his tied up hair. “Do you want to go for a run with me tonight?” I sat up a little and smoothed my top down “It’s dark now Jase, how about a run in the morning?” He smiled a wicked mischievous grin “not on two feet Kat, on four” My heart raced and I started to shake a little. I looked at my hands turning them this way and that, Jase scooted over to me on his bum and held my hands and smoothed the back of them with his thumbs “Sorry, it’s too soon for you, I shouldn’t have asked.” Still my heart pounded beating loud in my ears “Jase I think I want to do this, my mind is freaking out but my body is wanting it, I can feel it.”

Jase jumped up and pulled me with him, we ran over to the house, the grass was wet and cold and we could see our breath puff out in white plumes. Jase flung the door open and ushered me through it.

My Dad was just walking down the hallway and stopped giving us a puzzled look “I thought you two were sparring tonight” Jase stepped forward “well we were but, I found Kat a little bit distracting, so I suggested we go for a run” My Dads face lit up “good idea Jase, are you sure you are up to it Kat, two shifts in a day?” I nodded and smiled. “Okay, but I’m coming with you!” Jase’ smile dropped a little “I want to make sure that my princess finds her feet that’s all, and how about tomorrow night we run as a pack?” Excitement surged through my body and it shook in anticipation. Short rapid breaths left my lips “Jase get Kat outside! I think her wolf is winning the battle and she’s going to shift.” Jase tugged my arm pulled me outside.

I tried to regulate my breathing but it was burning, and my joints were aching. Jase started pulling down my sweat pants, I pulled away “Hey it’s okay, I’m not perving on you, and I’m just taking them off so you don’t need to replace your whole wardrobe before the weeks out.” I dropped to the floor and struggled to pull them off, Jase knelt at the side of me and gently rubbed my arm “Trust me Kat, I would never hurt you” I rolled over onto all fours, the pain was gripping me now and I couldn’t care less if Jase pulled off all my clothes.

I was aware that my Father was butt naked and had dropped to the floor a few feet away I closed my eyes tight, even when shifting there was just something wrong with staring at your naked Dad!

The pain intensified, I could hear myself making strange noises when my joints and bones were ripping apart and reshaping themselves. My face was hurting now, I could feel it stretching and a pain ripped from my back and the noise was building up in my head, louder and louder, the ground shifted underneath me and I stumbled, I took a deep breath and snorted out of my nose.

I looked around and saw that My Father was already in wolf form - he stood watching over me. I took a step in his direction and he dipped his head a little, I cautiously moved towards him. He let me sniff him . . . what was with that? He nudged me with his nose and nipped my ear and licked the top of my head. I rested my head against his shoulder but looked around when I heard grunting. Jase was shifting now, his clothes an abandoned heap on the floor. I wanted to go to him but my Dad stood on my foot. I wasn’t going anywhere! I could feel the fur on the back of my neck stand up on end, and my Father let out a low growl in a warning to me. I dipped my head and the growling stopped.

Sheesh, I was going to have to learn what was acceptable and what wasn’t before too long! I thought about how they communicate with one another, it would be so much easier if we had telepathy!

So a growl from my Father was bad . . . a dip of the head was good - I think? Standing on my foot . . . not so good, but I understood. Stay. I lay on the ground and looked at my paws, I sniffed where I could sniff and stood up again trying to see myself I looked over my shoulder down the length of my back, I was different shades of blondes and my fur was unruly, I looked down to my chest, and could see different shades of blonde tufts and curls. There were a few longer strands. If I could’ve smiled I would have. My wolf’s fur was as unruly as my hair!

My examination of my body was interrupted by Jase nipping my hind leg, I swung around and nearly got my legs in a tangle, both my Father and Jase made a snorting sound and had their tongues hanging out . . . okay, another action to note - they were laughing at me. I gave an indignant flick of my head and stuck my nose in the air. I heard Jase walk towards me; he rested his head on my neck. With the assumed apology accepted I heard my father walking, we followed. We moved into the darkness of the trees.

I was amazed at how much I could see. Everything was intensified. I guess it was like looking at everything in HD, every tree, branch, shrub and rock was as clear as day. We pushed on up the steep incline and my father increased his pace. We were not quite walking, but not running at full speed. My legs felt powerful and charged, I wanted to see how fast I could go. I caught up with my Dad; he glanced over his shoulder at me. I could see he had a glint in his eyes, he took off and I gave chase. I nipped at my Dads tail - he swished it and flicked it in front of me, taunting me with it. Jase stayed close to my side, I looked at him and I’m sure he was smiling, his tongue was hanging out and his eyes looked so happy, big plumes of white spilled from all of our mouths as we ran.

My dad slowed down, the chase was over. We were near an old farm house with a couple of barns near the building. The windows and doors were covered with wooden boards and the area was fenced off. My father looked at the property through the fence and back to me and Jase. He gestured for us to follow him.

He hunkered down and belly crawled through a gap at the bottom of the fence. I watched him go through and then followed mimicking his actions, when I was through I got up and shook the wet leaves and muck from my belly. I waited for Jase and then followed my Dad. We walked around the house. Dad then went to one of the barns and put a paw on the door and pushed it open, he went in.

I stood still, I was unsure about going into someone else’s property. Jase nudged my rear and then followed my Father into the barn. A few moments passed and Jase stuck his head through the door and wiggled his eyebrows at me and then gestured with his head for me to go into the barn. I went, reluctantly!

Dad had settled on a patch of straw, he’d turned his back to us and it looked like he was trying to go to sleep. I went over to him and nudged him with my nose. He huffed and looked over at Jase and then flicked his head in his direction before lowering it to the floor. Did he want me to go to Jase? I took a couple of steps away and looked at Jase. He had that goofy grin going on. His tongue hanging out and was wiggling his eyebrows at me.

I slowly walked over to him, he turned and lay down on his side, and he lifted his head and put his nose on the side of his chest and waited. I stood over him not sure what I was supposed to do; he grabbed my leg with his mouth and pulled me off balance. I sank down in an un-graceful fashion but I suddenly knew what he wanted.

I moved nearer and put my head on his chest, he let out a noise that sounded like a contented sigh and proceeded to lick my head and ears. I slid off him, not used to my new shape it felt awkward. Jase changed his position and threw a paw over me, still licking my ears and face. When my thorough wash was over he snuggled his face into my fur around my neck. I let a contented sigh escape my mouth. I was happy. I realised my world was falling apart one minute and feeling so complete the next. Go figure!

I don’t know how long we stayed cuddled up together. Dad nudged my rear with his nose causing me to jump up and stumble, forgetting I had four legs and not two. Jase got up leisurely and stretched, he had his backside sticking up in the air. Once his stretch was over he came to stand at my side and nibbled my ear. My Dad led the way out of the building and we followed, he nudged the door closed and we belly crawled through the gap in the fence.

Jase nipped my tail and ran off, I looked to my Dad for guidance, was I allowed to give chase? Or would I get growled at? He glanced my way but kept walking. Jase turned in a wide circle and was heading back our way. He weaved in between trees and leapt over bushes. He looked amazing in his wolf form, he was powerful but graceful. His body moved fluently, each step was precise and every jump accurate. His breath was puffing out and he was running fast, but I could hardly hear him. I took my eyes off him for a moment. Big mistake! He leapt over the top of me, swiping my butt as he went. My Dad must have known that Jase was going to do this as he had dropped to his belly. Dad tore after Jase and I stood watching in awe.

Standing still turned out to be my second big mistake! They were charging towards me, I panicked and went to run, Jase went high and my Dad went low bumping into my side with his rear. I spun and nearly fell. I righted myself and saw they were standing side by side with goofy grins on their faces.

I hunkered down and pounced. They split up and ran in opposite directions. I decided that Jase was my target and gave chase. He weaved in between trees and was running slower to give me a chance, but him doing that made me more determined to prove that I didn’t need him taking it easy on me. I gave chase and charged after him. I saw a movement to my right and noticed my Dad was running parallel with me, getting ready to pounce. I put my head down and leaned to the right, I caught my Dad on his rear end and sent him flying I carried on running towards Jase. He was next and he knew it.

Jase swerved, changing his direction continually trying to throw me off his tail. It didn’t work! I nipped at his tail; he whipped it out of my way and headed towards some thick overgrowth. His body flew over the top and I heard him land so softly. I had to change direction as I wasn’t sure if I could jump over the shrubs and I didn’t want to fall flat on my face in front of them.

I slowed and walked around the patch of shrubs. I concentrated so hard to be silent watching the floor making sure that each step didn’t give me away. I heard two snorts behind me. Damn! Jase and my Dad had their tongues hanging out and grinning at me. I shook my head and stuck my nose in the air and walked away swinging my tail as I went. My Dad walked at the side of me and hip bumped me gently, he looked happy. Jase pulled on my tail and as I turned to glare he moved to my other side. We sauntered home.

My Dad looked at my clothes and then back to me, he wanted me to shift first. I thought about my body, I could feel my skin tingling and bones changing shape. My breathing came in short gasps. I was changing back. When I’d finished both Jase and my Dad were back to normal. Jase was just putting on his boxers. I looked away - embarrassed by the full frontal that I had just witnessed. I scooped my clothes up off the floor and I covered up as much of my body as I could and went into the house. I ran up the stairs to my room and quickly pulled on a pair of jeans and a top.

I rushed back down the stairs and went to the kitchen. I paused in the doorway and watched Jase. He was slicing bread and checking the grill. I breathed in the smell of bacon. My life was truly complete now. Dad was watching me with a proud smile on his face “So, how was that princess?” Jase looked up and beamed a smile in my direction. As I walked towards Jase I answered with a big smile of my own. “Euphoric I think would best describe it.” Jase put an arm around my shoulders and kissed the side of my face. “Glad you enjoyed it. Now, you need to eat. Go sit” He gestured to the stools, so I went and sat on one.

My Dad finished stirring the sugar into the cups of tea and put one in front of me. “You were amazing tonight Kat, you did  really well.” He cupped the back of my head and gently pulled me forward so he could kiss me on the head. He put Jase’ cup of tea close to mine and picked his up “I’m going for a shower, see you guys in the gym at 9.”

The bacon sandwiches were heavenly; I picked up my tea and drank it quickly. “Tonight was the best night of my life Kat” I bumped my shoulder into his and giggled as I said “only because you got to show me your wedding tackle.” As soon as I’d said it my cheeks burned with embarrassment “Oh, that’s just another bonus” He turned my face to look at him, true to form he wiggled his eyebrows. “No Kat, that’s not it. Although I have to say I’m not sorry you had an eyeful.” He kissed me on the nose “I know your Dad came with us and I have to say I was a bit disappointed when he said he was coming, but I’ve had the best time ever. Thank you.” He kissed me on the lips “Thank you?” he had a mischievous glint in his eyes “Yes, thank you! I’ve ran with the guys, your Mum and our Aunts but nothing and I mean nothing compares to running with you. Oh, and I can now officially say that I have slept with you!” he jumped of the stool and ran. I chased him to the lounge where I watched him launch himself onto the sofa. He patted the seat and I made myself comfortable and cuddled up with him.

I ran my fingers over his chest whilst he smoothed my hair. His muscles were really defined. I slid my hand down his body and ran my fingers over his abs drawing small circles on them. He reached over to grab the TV remote and turned on the T.V and music channel. His T-shirt moved a little and my fingers found bare flesh. Jase tossed the remote back on the table and rested back on the sofa. I eased my hand inside his T-shirt and spread my fingers out enjoying the feeling of his skin. Jase kissed the top of my head “Are you perving on me Katherine?” I looked up “No, no, no oh god sorry” I went to pull my arm out from under his top but his hand grabbed my arm and held it in place. “Don’t stop. It’s nice” I felt awkward now and my cheeks were glowing. “Kat I love you touching me, don’t be embarrassed” “what’s happening to me Jase?” he cocooned me in his arms. “Nothing that you don’t want to happen Kat, you’re safe with me, I promise.”

“Why am I so drawn to you Jase? I see you like you are now and I want to touch you, not in a pervy way . . . But I have an urge to put my face on your bare chest and snuggle up there. And when I first saw you in your wolf form something inside me ached so bad, but in a good way if you know what I mean.” “I do Kat” he kissed me long and hard.

“If I take off my top do you promise to behave?” I licked my lips and nodded. I sat up so he could remove his top. He sank back down taking me with him. I drew in a breath through my nose and pressed my cheek against his chest, wrapped one arm beneath his back and smoothed his chest with my free hand. “Jase?”  “Mmmmm?” “Thank you.” “Thank you?” “Yes thank you for staying here with me and letting me. . .” I let the sentence trail off and gestured to us lying together on the sofa he kissed the top of my head. He shuffled about a bit getting more comfortable and wrapped his arms around me.

I could hear my parents moving around, it took me a moment to get my bearings. . .I was still on the sofa with Jase, oh shit, my parents would be down and see that we had been literally sleeping together.

Panic was surging through my body “Jase, Jase quick you’ve got to go” I whispered to him and gave him a shake for good measure. He opened one eye and gave me a dopy grin. “Jase my parents will be down, please you’ve got to go, now!” I tired to get off him but he held me close “calm down Kat, they know I’m here.” Wait what? I pushed up a little and I must have looked shocked. “Well after your parents had hot and steamy sex, and whilst you slept cuddled up to me, your Dad came down to get drinks and stuff and came in here to turn off the light.” Oh shit! Wait? “So my dad saw you were here and didn’t kick your arse, wait . . .” something he had just said clicked into place “Oh my god - you heard them at . . .  it? Shit I’m so sorry” I covered my eyes with my hand and Jase gave a little chuckle “Yeah; I don’t think I will be able to look them in the face for a few days”

My Dad was whistling to himself as he made his way down the stairs, after a moment the smell of coffee permeated the air. I stood and Jase put on his top, we went into the kitchen and I noticed that my Dad had put 4 cups ready; he gave me an easy grin. “Morning princess, sleep well?” Oh god. . . Awkward!

After much embarrassment on my part, we drank our coffees and my Mum joined us. She was showered and ready for work. The conversations were normal, just like any other day. Jase kept grinning at me as I kept flushing up, but no-one else batted an eyelid at Jase stopping the night. “Your Dad told me that you went for a run last night Kat, did you . . . like it?” I was grinning from ear to ear as I told her how amazing it was and described the forest through my wolf’s eyes.

I described the details of our trip out, omitting details of cuddling up with Jase in someone’s barn. I didn’t think she would like to hear how Dad had made us trespass! “I’m really pleased Kat, both me and your Dad are so proud of you. Now we have been talking and wondered how you would feel about having a party at Lewis and Alex’s night club for your 18th?” a “Hell yeah” came from Jase and I seconded his shout of approval. “Good, that’s sorted then, it will give everyone a chance to get together and meet Jules at the same time. Rob can you let them know, right grab some breakfast guys. I’ve got to run.” and with that my Mum was gone.

Training in the gym was hard. Kyle pounded the punch bags and hardly spoke to any of us. Ash kept looking apologetic and shrugging. If it wasn’t for the music blaring it would have been impossible to stay in there.

Ash and Jase sparred together and I watched whilst running what felt like a marathon on the treadmill. We had been training for about an hour and I fetched drinks from the fridge for everyone. Kyle didn’t join us. He went over to the weights and started lifting them.

We were talking excitedly about the impending party. Kyle sat up on the bench and was listening. Ash said “I hope there will some hot girls there!” “Well I was thinking of going to Mallards Pike and seeing if Amber wants to come, she seemed really nice.” “You hear that Kyle? It could be a good night for you; she was really into you. . . I wonder if she has a hot sister?”

I was grateful that Ash was trying to put Kyle in a better mood. “Yeah invite her. I might as well get some action!” My jaw dropped. “You pig! Do you have to be such a jerk Kyle?” “Yeah I do. You don’t want me so I might as well get it elsewhere” Jase stepped in front of me “back off Kyle!” “Oh look at Jase, playing the hero” I went over to Kyle “Firstly I prefer hero’s to jerks; secondly you never stood a chance with me Kyle, so get over yourself.” As Kyle leapt to his feet the gym door opened and my Dad took 2 seconds to decide that Kyle looked angry at me “Kyle get your stuff together.” Kyle bashed into my shoulder as he went past. Jase sprang into action at the same time as my Father, but they weren’t quick enough. I had him sprawled on his stomach and had pinned him to the floor. “This shit ends now Kyle; I won’t have you treat me like this. Got it?” he gave a little nod of his head. I pushed down hard on his head and dug my knee into his back as I got off him. He got up and swiped his hand across his mouth; he didn’t look at anyone as he grabbed his shoes and left the gym with my Dad in hot pursuit.

With my good mood well and truly ruined I went up to the games room and settled on the sofa. Ash and Jase carried on sparring. I was aware of people coming and going from the gym. I was having a pity party on my own and wallowing in it. I heard soft footsteps on the stairs and Anthony crept into the room, I sat up a bit. “Hey Ant” “Hey baby girl, you need some cheering up?” I sighed heavily and Anthony crossed the floor. He lifted my legs and squeezed onto the sofa lowering my legs to rest on his and rubbed them gently.

“You know what you need?” “Chocolate?” he smiled. “Somehow baby girl I don’t think chocolate is going to solve this!” “Okay, shoot Einstein, if you have a better idea.” Oh he did look pleased with himself. “What you need is your knight in shinning armour to come and take you away from all this.” Knowing how my luck was going, it would be Kyle dressed in tin foil! “Really? So who is my knight in shinning armour? And where is he proposing to take me?” He made a cutting sign above his heart and said “You’re killing me Kat.” He held my hand smoothed the back of it with his thumbs “Your Dad has given me the afternoon off and I wondered if you fancied going to the city? I thought we could do some posh shops and get you a nice little outfit for your birthday.”

I didn’t need asking twice! I quickly changed, tied my hair up and grabbed some money from my drawer. Jase, Ash and Anthony were in the kitchen when I went down the stairs. “Aww c’mon man, you’ve got to be kidding me!?” Anthony leant back on the worktop looking casual “no kidding Jase, you know Robert don’t joke! He wants you to go to the new property with Ash. You’ve got some hard work to do for a change.” He looked at me and smiled. “Ready?” “Yeah, just got to grab a jacket then I’m good to go.” “I’ll be in the car. Enjoy boys.” He grabbed his suit jacket from the back of the stool and went outside.

Jase pulled me close and showered my lips with kisses. “Hmmm! I’m not allowed to come and play!” I laughed “Don’t pout, it doesn’t suit you. Will I see you later?” “You bet! But I’m about to go and get mucky with Ash!” “In the words of Ant . . . ‘enjoy boys’.” I kissed him again and grabbed my leather jacket off the hook on my way out.



Chapter Six

Anthony was leaning on the bonnet of his Audi sports car. He went around to the passenger side and held the door open for me so I could get in. “Okay, so here’s the deal for the day, no talking anything shifter related. No talking Jase or Kyle or any of the others, it’s just you and me! How about it baby girl?” It sounded so good. “Agreed, but on one condition” He was concentrating on driving. When we were on the main road he said “Hmmm condition, let me think. . . The Mall?” “You know me too well.” He gave a chuckle. “Okay baby girl, The Mall it is!” He turned on the car stereo and cranked up the volume. The journey went quickly as we sang our heads off to my favourite songs.

Ant broke our agreement straight after he parked the car in the huge car park. “Okay Kat, I just need to say something. Now I’m not trying to freak you out but you need to know how to control it.” “What?” He arched an eyebrow and then caught hold of my hand, “If you feel a shift coming on we will need to get you out of here really quickly. We can’t have you scaring the humans!” I felt myself blushing, I couldn’t help myself last night, but today I didn’t feel like my wolf needed to break free. “I think I will be okay Ant. We went on a good run last night, and last night I didn’t have any control, but today I don’t feel it at all.” “Okay that’s good Kat, but if you do, let me know somehow, and keep visualising yourself in your human form, don’t think about shifting.” “Will that help?” he nodded “It helped me when I first started shifting. I could hold it off for a few minutes, but I felt more in control knowing how to hold it back.” “Okay, that makes sense I suppose - any other little helpful tips?” he shook his head “Well in that case Mr Williams I do believe you owe me lunch for breaking our agreement!” A smile lit his face. “I was going to anyway!” “Hmmm well in that case, I choose where we eat!” He laughed. “I won’t argue with that.”

I was starving so we headed to the food court on the top floor. Anthony headed straight to my favourite restaurant and held the door open for me. We were shown to a table for two and ordered our meals. I had my usual. Their lasagne was to die for and Anthony had his favourite.

We chatted for ages about all sorts of things. He had a knack of turning a boring story into something funny. He was good company, handsome too and his body was in really good shape because he trained hard and did such a physical job. He wore expensive aftershave but his base scent was very similar to Jase’. Oh my god, where did that thought come from. I frowned trying to work out what was going on with me. Anthony rested a hand over mine “Baby are you okay?” “I keep having stuff pop in my head, and at the risk of sounding crazy, it’s like information, do you know what I mean?” he shook his head and laughed “Okay crazy lady, tell me what information so I know what you are talking about.” I took a sniff of the air and looked at him “I breathe you in Anthony and it’s like having Jase here with me. I never noticed before.” He gave a casual shrug “it’s because we are brothers Kat, now eat up and let’s get shopping”

The Mall was busy, I loved the contrast from living in the middle of nowhere with utter peace and quiet to the buzzing sounds of people chatting and going about their business. I was however, completely overwhelmed by the different smells of perfume - aftershaves and unpleasant body odours emanating from the crowds. Anthony must have noticed that I was struggling with this and whispered “try breathing through your mouth, I forgot how hard it can be” I smiled my thanks and switched to breathing through my mouth. Whilst it didn’t stop me from wanting to gag as I could actually taste some of the stronger, more unpleasant smells, it did make it more bearable.

On the escalator going down to the shops I noticed that people stood rigid. Only turning their heads to talk to whomever they were with. I smiled to myself remembering how when I was younger I used to love running up an escalator that was bringing people down from an upper level. Some people would tut and others would simply move out of my way. “What are you smiling at?” I looked at Anthony. “I was just thinking about when I was younger. I used to cause so much mayhem on these things.” I pointed to the escalator. “Yes I remember it well! I can’t remember where we were but I can remember that security guard chasing you!” He was smiling now at the memory. “I told him that you were ill and that you couldn’t help it!” “Did you?” He had a wicked glint in his eyes “oh believe me, I told him such a tale, the poor guy felt sorry for you!” I lightly punched him on the arm “Jerk” he smiled “Yeah I know and an arse!” He linked my arm through his and we made our way through the shoppers and headed to my favourite shop.

I slid clothes along the rails and half pulled out dresses that looked good on the hanger but would look awful on me. Any that I lingered over Ant would find my size and drape it over his arm. He even took the liberty of finding a couple of dresses that he thought would look nice on me.

An older lady stood near the entrance to the changing rooms and shook her head when we approached. “I’m sorry dear you can only take in 5 items” She pointed to a sign behind her. “I think we have 10 here.” Anthony counted the hangers “Yes 10, so how about I give 5 to my lady friend and I have 5 and we go into changing rooms next to each other. Then I can see how the dresses look and then we can swap them over?” “Oh I don’t know dear, usually only women go in to the dressing rooms.” I looked through the entrance to the changing rooms and saw that all the cubical curtains were open. “I’m not very good at choosing clothes, as you can see.” I pointed to what I was currently wearing and the lady nodded in agreement. Cow! “Well my partner has excellent dress sense and I would love for him to help me choose such an important dress. I wouldn’t feel comfortable having to keep changing my dresses and then coming and standing in the shop where everyone could see my . . .” I leant forward and whispered in her ear. She patted my arm. “Well dear, we’re not busy so there’s no harm in it.” She handed us two plastic tags that had a number 5 on. Amazing!

I chose a cubical at the far end near a large mirror and two leatherette tub chairs. Ant whispered “what did you say to her?” I took some of the dresses from his arm, smiled wickedly and whispered “What does it matter, if I’d wanted you to hear I would’ve said it out loud!” I disappeared into the cubical and swished the curtain closed. I hung up the dresses and decided which one to try on first.

I stripped off my jeans and top and stepped into the red halter neck dress. I could see my bra straps and decided that it would look better without them showing. I flung the bra on top of my clothes and did up the little zip in the small of my back and tied the straps at the back of my neck. I turned to look in the small mirror in the cubical but I couldn’t see that well so I stepped out to look in the bigger mirror.

Anthony sat up straighter and gave me a ‘not bad’ face. “Its nice baby girl” “I feel a ‘but’ coming on” his gaze shifted to my backside and then dropped to my legs “you have amazing legs, and this covers them up” I stuck my leg out and the dress came about 6 inches below my knees. I shut the curtain and tried on one that Anthony had picked.

Ant’s jaw dropped when I came out, I stepped in front of the mirror and saw that the sweetheart style bodice and close fitting skirt part of the dress fitted in all the right places and was a lovely shade of dark blue. I twisted to look in the large mirror at my rear end. “Wow Kat!” “Do you like it?” He came and stood next to me and untied my hair band. He gathered my hair and twisted it up so it looked like it was in a French pleat and teased some strands down to hang by my ears. “You look amazing baby girl. This colour blue suits your eyes in this light.” He let go of my hair and ran his hands down my arms until he was holding my hands.

He stepped back and gave an appreciative nod of his head “It looks lovely Kat, you look lovely.” “I’m not sure, I love the colour but it’s too revealing.” I lifted my hands up and gestured to my bare shoulders and chest area. “No you are wrong baby girl, you look feminine and the style shows off your lovely . . . curves!” His eyes were flitting over my body “You know what would look great with that dress?” Feeling amused by his enthusiasm I said “Oh my god Ant, you should be on the television styling young women! Okay shoot, what would look great with this very short dress?” “Some of those shoes with a platform and a stiletto heel.” “Maybe.”

I tried on a couple more dresses and got very little positive feedback from Anthony, all he kept saying was they didn’t look as nice as the second dress. I knew that it looked great but one false move and I would pop right over the top of it!

I took my personal favourite off the hanger and slipped it on. It was a close fit black dress that came to just above the knees and had silver sparkles all over. It had a plunging neck line into a V shape at the front and back with three quarter length sleeves. Simple, but lovely. I felt sexy in it but it wasn’t too revealing.

Again I went out of the cubical and stood in front of the mirror “Do you like this one?” “I think that one beats my choice baby girl” Okay, now we were getting somewhere! “Do you think Jase will like it?” His face briefly flashed an annoyed look but was quickly replaced by a smile “Forget Jase, I love it.” He came and stood behind me looking at my reflection in the mirror. He pushed my hair over one of my shoulders, wrapped his arms around my waist and kissed my neck “This is the one. It makes you look sexy and beautiful.”

I didn’t bother trying on the other dresses, I had made my choice. At the till Anthony pulled out his wallet. “I’ll get this.” “No, it’s okay Ant. I want to buy it for myself” I dug around in my jeans and pulled out my money. “Kat let me get it for you, it’s my treat. Call it an early birthday present.” I hugged him and thanked him. I knew that he would buy me something on our trip out. He always did, but it was usually after I had won a game of pool.

“Okay baby girl, now to find some shoes and a bag!” “Are you sure you haven’t had enough of shopping yet? You guys aren’t known for willingly traipsing around the shops after me unless there is something in it for you!” He gave a casual shrug and an easy smile. “Perhaps there is something in it for me.” I laughed. “Okay, so what menial job have you got in mind for me? Doing some paperwork or being your personal gofer for a day?” He gave a mock shocked expression, shook his head and with a glint in his eyes said “No baby, I get to spend an afternoon with you, and have you all to myself. That’s enough for me - for now.” My steps faltered “So no running around chasing my own tail for the day?” I laughed when I realised my pun. He wiggled his eyebrows “Damn! Now why didn’t I think of that instead?” I slapped him lightly on his arm and linked my arm through his.

I gagged as we left the shop, the various smell assaulted my senses. Anthony pulled me in close and reminded me to breath through my mouth. He tucked me in under his shoulder and we wandered around different shops looking for shoes and bags.

I found the perfect shoes. They were pointed, black suede with a small platform and silver stiletto heels. Anthony picked up a really cute clutch bag that would go with my outfit. I tried the shoes on and wondered if I would get the hang of walking in them. I was more of a flat shoe or trainer’s girl. I teetered about in the shop and Ant laughed as I did windmill impressions with my arms whilst trying to stay upright. I decided that this was something that I should practice in the privacy of my bedroom!

We went for a coffee before heading on home. He found us a table near the window and went to get the drinks. It wasn’t too busy so I risked smelling the air and I wasn’t disappointed, I loved the smell of coffee shops.

Anthony came back holding a tray of goodies. He placed the tray down and moved his chair so that he sat closer to me. He passed over my coffee and a couple of sugar packets. But it was the double chocolate chip muffins that had my attention now.

He left them on the tray to tease me. “Are you having a good day?” “Oh I see, you are holding the muffins to ransom until I say what a fantastic time I’m having and boosted your ego!” I bumped my shoulder on his and giggled and fluttered my eyelashes at him “Well Ant, I have had a lovely time. You have been great company and have managed to lift my gloomy mood. Is that enough ego boosting? Can I have a muffin now?” “Hmmm let me think about it . . . no. I need to hear about me a little bit more.” I did a spectacular eye roll and then launched into a speech about what a perfect gentleman he’d been, about his fabulous choice in clothing and about how one day he would make someone a lovely husband. “So baby girl let me get this straight, you’ve had a great time. I’m good company. I make you feel good. I’m the perfect gentleman. I dress well and I’m husband material . . . is all that correct?” I nodded my head smiling at his accurate re-cap “Yes all correct. Do I get a muffin now?” He passed me the plate and sat back with his ego inflated looking really pleased with himself.

God, the things I would say to get a cake. It would have been easier to fetch the drinks myself!

I picked up some new jeans, a pair of boots and some tops before we made our way to the car. I was surprised when we stepped outside of the Mall as it was starting to get dark.

Anthony opened his boot and put my bags in, then opened the door for me to climb in. I turned to thank him and saw three men approaching. Anthony sniffed the air and turned to see what I was looking at.

The bigger one of the three stepped forward “Got a light mate?” Ant turned so he was facing them. “No sorry, we don’t smoke.” I noticed the other two men flicked their cigarettes on the floor and took a step forward. Oh, this was going to be good. Ant moved protectively so that he was in front of me, but I peaked around him. “You got some money? Or have you spent it all on your bitch?” My eyebrows rose and nearly met my hairline!! I saw Ant’s body tense and his voice took on a hard tone. “Oh I have money but you won’t be getting a penny from me guys!” “That so - hot shot!?” He lifted his jacket to show he had a pistol tucked in the front of his trousers. I stepped from behind Ant and stood still, waiting for them to strike.

The shortest one of the three men had a huge problem with body odour and he was leering at me. Ewwww!! He licked his lips and said “The girl is mine!” Ya think? “Not in your lifetime or your friends.” I spat. The guy with the gun looked at me “She’s feisty, just how you . . .” Anthony had his hand down the guy’s trousers and had his weapon in his hand, so to speak! The shortest guy looked over to see why his friend hadn’t finished his sentence and the third guy was now backing away. A perfect round house kick to his head knocked him out cold “Way to go baby girl, I would clap but . . . you know!” He gave a little shrug.

Just body odour guy left to deal with! “So you like them feisty huh?” He took a step backwards and I took one forwards. Oh I was enjoying this. “You’re what 30? 35 and that’s me being kind.” My voice was dripping with contempt “I’m 17, and in my eyes that make you a pervert!” He held up his hands “I don’t want any trouble” I arched an eyebrow at him and sarcastically said. “Really?” Anthony’s guy managed to squeak out “We’re sorry, just let us go man.” Anthony pulled the guys weapon from his trousers and I turned my attention back to pervert guy. I moved closer “So you like them feisty do you? Try this for feisty!” After he received a few punches to his head I decided it was time for the knock out shot. He was down and out.

I looked at Ant who was currently passing the guy his gun back. The guy snatched it back and was looking at Anthony like he had lost his mind. Ant moved so fast, I heard a snap and the guy was face down on the floor. His broken arm was up his back and Ant was kneeling on it. The guy was crying out like a baby I crouched down in front of broken armed guy and lifted his head by his scruffy hair “For the record arsehole, I’m not his bitch.” I stood and kicked him full on in the face as hard as I could. There was an audible crunching sound and then peace and quiet. “You ready to go baby girl?” Anthony held the car door open and I climbed in. We high fived each other and started to make our way home.

After a driving for a little while Anthony pulled over into a parking spot at the side of the road. There were no street lights on this stretch of road and on either side of the road stood really tall pine trees. Anthony opened his door and got out and walked around to my side. The door opened and Ant offered his hand to help me get out. “Are you ok Ant?” He picked me up and swung me around and sat me on the bonnet of his car. “Yeah I’m good. I just wanted to have five more minutes on my own with you baby girl.” I looked up at the sky and breathed in the heavenly scents of the forest.

He was watching me; I could feel his eyes on me so I glanced his way and smiled. He stepped closer and ran his hand down the sleeve of my jacket, found my hand and held it gently smoothing the back of it with his thumb. “I’ve had a lovely day baby girl, well apart from those guys in the car park. Anytime you want to escape again, I’m your man. Thank you.” I pulled him in close and kissed the top of his head. “I needed this today. I needed to get away from Kyle and his . . . well you know. So I guess I should be thanking you.” He parted my legs and moved into the gap, he held me for a while. He stepped back and ran his hands through his hair. “C’mon then Kat, lets get you back.” I slid off the bonnet and Ant wrapped his arms around me, hugged me close and kissed the top of my head.

Anthony parked his car in his usual spot and I noticed that there were no lights on in the house and the gym was in darkness too. I shrugged to Anthony because he had a puzzled look on his face. We went into the house and found a note on the fridge.

Hi Kat,

Hope you have had a good time princess, have taken your Mum away overnight will be back tomorrow evening.

Any problems call Uncle James.

Have fun and be good.

Love

Dad xx

The mystery of the missing parents was solved. I grabbed a couple of cans from the fridge and went to work making some beef and tomato sandwiches. We went into the lounge and I sat in my favourite spot on the sofa. Ant pulled my legs up onto his lap and we watched a music channel on the TV eating our sandwiches. We had been back less than half an hour when Jase, Kyle and Ash joined us. We heard them before they came into the lounge, they were joking around like they usually did. I was glad.

Kyle sat on the floor and had his head resting back on the sofa. Jase squeezed in at the back of me so I was resting on him and Ash made Anthony move up and he put my feet on his legs. It wasn’t the most comfortable position that I had ever been in, but I wasn’t about to complain.

They were all in a good mood, Kyle included! The Darkness came on the telly and we all sang our hearts out, not really doing the song justice, but Ash’s ‘I believe in a thing called love ooooooo’ had us all trying for the high notes. Evanescence’s ‘bring me to life’ was a bit trickier, but I held the notes and was pleased with my performance, and the guys did a good job of the ‘wake me up’ bit and the growling parts.

When it looked like the guys were staying for the night I suggested that we play on the wii. Guitar hero was a favourite with all of us. Kyle went to the cupboard and fetched the guitars and microphone. I went to the dinning room and was reaching into the cabinet for some ciders when Jase came in. He cuddled me in close and rubbed my back gently. “I missed you princess” He trailed kisses along my neck, across my jaw and then kissed me thoroughly on the lips. My hand had found its way to the back of his head and I was twisting his hair in my fingers. We were both breathless. “Mmmmm, I missed you too.” He rested his forehead on mine and his eyes had taken on a shine that I was now recognising as lust. Mine probably had a similar shine now.  . I breathed in his scent and relaxed into him. Anthony shouted to tell us we were on next.

We carried the bottles of cider between us and played guitar hero for a couple of hours. I was starting to feel exhausted so I settled in my spot on the sofa. Anthony went and collected my bags from his car and put them next to me. Ash asked “Did you have a nice time this afternoon whilst we were slaves for your Dad?” Anthony lifted my legs and sat down and passed me my drink “I had a lovely time this afternoon, and I managed to find a dress for my party.” Kyle tried to peak into the bags “Nuh uh, no peaking.” Kyle looked shocked. I usually showed them my goodies when I got home from a shopping trip.

Anthony cleared his throat and began to tell the guys about our near mugging in the car park. Jase and Ash stopped playing the game and Kyle stopped picking up the various bags. Jase and Ash joined me on the sofa. There was lots of ‘you’re joking right’, ‘shit, what happened next’ and ‘nice one” throughout Anthony’s very accurate retelling of the near mugging.

Jase kissed my ear. “So are you ok?” “Me? Yeah I’m fine, and you can all stop looking at me like I’m about to break. I didn’t have a panic attack. I didn’t shift but what I did do was kick some perverts arse!” Ant laughed. “That you did baby girl, and you did it good.” He gave my thigh a squeeze and said “right guys lets get off so Kat can get some sleep. She’s had a long day and needs rest.” I mouthed the words ‘thank you’ to him as everyone started getting up. They tidied away the wii controllers and picked up the empty bottles. Oh yeah, my Mum had them all house trained!

After locking up I went up to my room, I was really tired. I snuggled under my quilt. I wouldn’t use my I-pod tonight, I didn’t mind being in the house alone, I wasn’t worried or frightened. I just wanted to be able to hear at all times . . . Just in case!

I woke around 8am to the sound of Anthony’s car coming along the dirt lane. I pulled the quilt up over my head and groaned. My Dad wasn’t here and I could’ve stayed in bed until 10 and he wouldn’t have known!!

I heard Ant’s keys in the lock and he shouted “I hope you are up and ready to go baby girl” eh? It was Saturday and as far as I knew I didn’t have to be anywhere. I heard him coming up the stairs. There was a quick knock on my door and then it opened. He looked surprised. “Oh. . . You’re still. . I’ll um. . “He started backing out of the room. “No it’s ok come in, you can’t see anything.” I wasn’t sure but it sounded like he said ‘mores the pity’ under his breath.

I tucked the quilt around my body making sure that nothing was on display as I sat up and I pushed my freaky hair down. “Loving the new look baby girl, but I don’t think stilettos would suit this look!” he was smiling as he said it. “Okay, shoot Gok Wan, what do you think I should wear?” with a mischievous look in his eyes he said “loose the quilt and put on the stilettos it’s all the rage” I flung my pillow at him “Pervert!” “Hmm I had better go careful, the last time I heard you use that word you were beating up a defenceless man” he scooped up my pillow and threw it on the end of the bed. “Right you - jump in the shower and I’ll make breakfast so that we can get out of here quicker. Do you want bacon?” I considered what he had just said “Okay, I’ll jump in the shower whilst you cook lots of lovely bacon for me but I have a question, where are we going?”

Anthony drove his car down a muddy lane. He went slow as it was quite bumpy. The lane was lined with big trees that had shed their leaves. Beyond the trees were open fields that were edged with the forest. The lane went around a corner and as we turned I saw a beautiful farmhouse at the end of the lane. Ant stopped the car but left the engine running. I turned to face Anthony he was wearing casual clothes but they looked too good for working in. “Uh huh, so I guess I was right yesterday!” he looked confused “You could’ve told me I was going to be your skivvy for the day, I would’ve dressed for the occasion” I pointed to my new jeans and boots “if these get ruined you will owe me big time!” “Relax baby girl I’m not letting you be my skivvy or my gofer for the day, I told you that yesterday, it’s your Dads new project.”

Ant put the car in gear and we made our way slowly to the house. He parked on some gravel at the side of the house and came to open my door. I recognised the barns at the back of the building and turned to look at the house. The wooden boards had been removed revealing traditional style leaded windows and a stable style front door. The fencing that surrounded the house and barns had been removed and it no longer looked like a derelict building. It was charming, just the sort of property that my Dad would buy.

A wolf whistle from an open upstairs window had me squinting to see who was up there; my tummy gave a little flutter. It was Jase. I gave a little wave and turned to Ant “So why am I here?” he looked awkward for a brief moment before saying “Your Dad wants you to get involved in this renovation Kat, and the guys.” It was a strange that my Father wanted me to be involved in this property. The closest I had come to being involved with any of our properties was choosing the colour schemes for my previous and present bedroom. All of my cousins helped my Uncle James and Anthony when they had big projects on the go. I think it was a way of helping them all learn a trade. “Come on lets go in so you can have a look around it.”

Anthony opened the front door, there was a little hallway and opposite the door was a set of stairs and a door on either side. We went through the left door and into a large room I stood in the middle of the room and slowly turned around taking in my surroundings. The ceiling had dark wooden beams that run the width of the room. In the middle of the outer wall there was a stone fire place and the grate still had ashes in. The paint work was really shabby and the carpet needed to be removed as the room had a funny fusty smell.

There was a door on the far wall opposite the window. The view from the window was lovely. The field and trees were framed and it looked very picturesque. “What do you think of it so far?” I smiled at Ant “This is the sort of room that could be so much nicer with the right colours and flooring. I don’t like the beams they are too dark. It’s a good size but I don’t know if it’s a lounge or a dinning room. It’s hard to say without seeing the other rooms.” I followed him through the door at the end of the room.

We stood in a smaller room, a door was on a wall to the right of the room, and would lead to another room. There was a window on the outer wall and the back wall. Through the side window you could see the fields and the trees in the distance, the room itself was non- descript. I could imagine it as an office or something like that but to me it was just a room. Ant looked and waited for me to say something. “Oh right, this room used to be an office or something like that. Again, get rid of the awful lino and give it a lick of paint and it will be alright.” “Would you want his room as an office?” I gave a little laugh “Who me? . . . No I can’t see me sitting and typing or answering the phone to people all day can you?” he shook his head but amusement lit his face. “No, I really don’t see you doing anything like that, perhaps seeing the rest of the house will inspire you”

We were in the kitchen after going through the door in the non-descript room. It was a large room and the cabinets looked like they were the original ones. The cabinet doors were hanging off and the grease was disgusting. Dark beams were in the ceiling and fluorescent strip lights lit the room. It was awful. There was a stable style door that led to the back garden, well a little patio area. More grass with a tree line about one hundred feet away. There was a big leaded window looking over the back garden and another door leading to the front of the house.

Ant cleared his throat and gained my attention. “This is the worst room of them all, but it has masses of potential.” “Really? Because all I’m seeing are the olive green units, wood for worktops and a red stone floor. All of it should come with a government health warning!” “So what would you do in here then?”

I turned full circle, taking it all in. “Well I would have to lighten the beams. I like them - they give character to the house, but they are all too dark for me. In here they should be a pine colour and have some chrome down lights in them.” Ant nodded in approval “Nice.” I was getting into my stride now. “Pine cabinets, but real wood, not that imitation stuff.” I walked around the kitchen touching the greasy items but imagining what I would like in its place. “Glossy worktops in black would look great. I would replace this crappy flooring with shiny black marble looking flooring.”

Ant watched me walk around the kitchen “You see! I told you. Masses of potential! This is what I love about going into a property that is a bit shabby and run down. You can go in and re-write it making it your own.” I glanced around again. “Anything else you would do in here baby girl?” “Yeah, I would have chrome accessories, cooker and hood, a splash back for the sink. Actually I would move the sink to where the window is so you could see out when you were doing stuff.” “Now I can see how you want this to look Kat, but I see peachy tones on the walls” “ewww no! Earthy natural colours would look great in here, not orange!” he laughed “its not orange baby girl its ‘peachy’” “small wall tiles in different shades of beige and brown, and pale walls.” “Now that would look nice. Right one last room down stairs to see and then I want to see what the guys have been up too”

He pushed the door open. It was a complete contrast to the other rooms downstairs. The floor had been sanded back to its original pine colour and the ceiling beams were amazing, no dark dreary colours. They were pine and had subtle down lights in them. A large stone fireplace was in the middle of the outer wall, this one looked lovely, quaint. All it needed were a few logs chucking on it and I would have been very happy snuggled up with Jase on a comfy sofa watching the flames flicker. “It’s all about seeing the bigger picture” Ant was grinning at me now.

He walked over and caught hold of my hand “So is this how you thought it should look?” “It looks amazing, so who is going to be living here? It’s not far from our house, too near for everyone to be comfortable with normal people living here. Is it anyone I know or is it a new member of the community?” Ant let go of my hand and rubbed his hands through his hair, he looked awkward for a brief moment before he said “Yeah it’s a new member in our community and one other but I don’t know who it is yet”

Three sets of feet came charging down the stairs, Kyle Ash and Jase came into the lounge. They were all hyped up and looking expectantly at me. . . “Oh, you guys did this right?” The three of them nodded their heads in unison “Wow, now I know who to call on when I’m setting up a home. It looks amazing guys.” They were basking in the complement and even Anthony looked pleased with himself.

“Can I take a look upstairs?” Jase stepped forward “Come on princess I’ll show you around.” He grabbed my hand and led the way. We went through a door that led us to the stairs and front door.

When we got to the upstairs landing he pulled me into an embrace. He kissed my neck down to my collar bone and all the way back up to my ear. He gave that a little nip and then caught his hand in my hair at the back of my head and kissed me deeply. Satisfied that he had made me breathless he reluctantly let me go and stepped back so I could see.

At the top of the stairs was a short landing, two doors on the left and two on the right. Nice and simple. Jase opened the first door on the right. It was a bedroom. The woodwork was in the process of being sanded down. The picture rail had previously been painted and the remnants of a fowl purple colour were still there in places.

On the window sill there was a couple of books of wallpaper samples, and paint charts. One wall had different colours painted on it in little squares. I looked up and was pleased to see the beams had been white washed and little down lights was on the sides and bottoms of the beams and were chrome. Jase saw me looking and flicked one of the two switches. The lights on the bottom of the beam were clear, but the lights that were on the sides changed colour, greens and blues and pinks. He flicked the second switch and the clear lights turned off leaving the ceiling swirling with the changing colours. The lighting was really fantastic.

I walked over and picked up the sample book. Jase came too and took it from me “I have been told to make this room fit for a princess, so I have been looking through trying to picture what wallpaper a princess would like.” I looked up at the lights on the ceiling, I had some fairy lights hanging by my bed that changed colour, but these were truly lovely.

Jase flicked through the book showing me samples that he thought would look nice in this room, but I found him a little distracting. I didn’t want to look at the wall paper samples I wanted to look at him. His hair was tied back, and he wore dark close fitting jeans that fitted nicely around his butt, and he had some work boots on. He was wearing a white muscle tee-shirt that clung to his abdomen and his pecks - when he moved his arms I could see his impressive muscles moving. He put the sample book down and cupped my face with his hands and smoothed my cheeks with his thumbs. “You’re driving me crazy Kat, I love you”

I reached up and pulled his head down so I could kiss him. I wanted and needed the passion that kissing him gave me. My tummy fluttered and felt like it was doing cart wheels. I absolutely loved the way he made me feel. We were both breathless and my heart was racing “I can’t get enough of you” I ran my hands over his chest muscles and trailed my fingers down his abdomen and across the waistband of his jeans. He tensed up and held his breath for a moment. I trailed them back up and ran them around his back and rested my face against his chest breathing in his scent. “I love the way you smell Jase, I couldn’t stand it if I could never smell you again” I gave a little embarrassed laugh and said “God that sounded dorky!” he let out what sounded like a contented sigh and said “No Kat, not dorky. It sounded perfect to me.” He kissed the top of my head and rubbed his cheek across it.

I could hear Uncle James’ land rover making its way down the lane. “Your Dad will be here in a minute, I’d better let you get on with choosing the paper” “Don’t you want to have a look?” he looked at me with pleading in his eyes “Nope. This is your project, I’m sure you will do it well. I love what you did to the ceiling and the lights are great.” He pushed some of my straggly hair away from my face. “You like it really?” “I love it, now go choose some paper.” “Mmmmm bossy, I like it.” he had a cheeky grin on his face.

Two more bedrooms with questionable colour schemes and a bathroom that was as disgusting as the kitchen. Anthony was right though this house was full of potential. The sound of wood breaking and hitting the floor had me running down the stairs. I found Anthony, Kyle and Ash ripping out the kitchen units.

Uncle James was lifting a piece of the unit out of the back door “Hi princess. What do you think? Do you like it?” “I love what you guys are doing to it; it’s going to look great. Hey do you know who is going to be moving in? I asked Ant and he wasn’t sure.” The guys stopped working to listen to the answer. Uncle James shook his head “Sorry princess I haven’t got a clue at the moment.” Another resounding crack and another piece of the unit broke off. “Do you guys want a hand taking the stuff out?” Anthony called me from the little non-descript room. Uncle James smiled. “No love it’s ok, this is dirty work and you’re in some new clothes. Perhaps you could go over some colours with Anthony, give it a bit of a feminine touch. Oh and some ideas for the furnishings”

Anthony was stood at the window over looking the back of the house and had his laptop on the deep window sill. On the screen I could see the layout of a room. “Hey this looks good.” Pointing to the screen I said “is that one of the rooms in the house?” he gave a little nod of his head as head moved the computer mouse. “It’s the kitchen. I’m just planning where everything should go.”

I wasn’t into computers or gadgets but I could see that Anthony was able to click on items and drag them into his cyber room. I watched in awe as the room came together. The kitchen cabinets were in place, the oven and hob and the sink. He could turn the room around and focus on a particular area. “Is this what you use to help plan all the renovations?” He nodded and made the floor turn into black shiny marble effect. Oh - now this was impressive.

I edged closer and was peeking over his shoulder. He stepped back and made room for me to stand in front of him. He reached around me and put one hand on the window sill and operated the mouse with the other. After a few moments I was aware that his front rested on my back and his chin was leaning on my shoulder. He started explaining that I could choose colour schemes and change the layout of the kitchen by clicking and dragging. He clicked on the save icon and said “why don’t you have a play and see what you can do.” I changed the units from white to a pine effect and clicked on the worktops to make them a high glossy black and then I spotted a marble effect that was black and glossy so I chose that one.

I dragged a large unit into the middle of the floor and tried to add a top to it but I couldn’t manage it. “What’s that baby girl?” “I’m not sure! It was supposed to be a square breakfast bar and the top hangs over the edges so you can have some stools around the outside of it.” Ant clicked on the items I had dragged there and removed them. A couple of clicks later - a rectangle unit and black glossy top was in the room. It looked so much better than my square one because the room was rectangle in shape. I gave a little clap and squealed “That’s it Ant, god you’re so good at this” there was stifled laughter from the kitchen.

My stomach let out a grumble and Ant gently held my tummy with both hands. “Come on let’s go back and get you some food.” He kissed the side of my face and stepped away. I went to see Jase before we left. He was sanding down the picture rail but stopped when I went into the room. We made arrangements to meet up when he had finished and showered. We shared another kiss and said our goodbyes.

Feeling full after a couple of burgers and salad Ant suggested that we went to the gym and do some weapon training. I changed into my sweat pants and sports top. I put my hair up into a clip and joined Anthony. He was already changed and was warming up. I kicked off my shoes and turned on some music. I did a quick warm up and when I was ready Ant went to the cabinet that held the weapons.

He unlocked it, pulled open the double doors and I stood looking in waiting to see what we would be using today. He pulled out a pistol. “I think after yesterday we should focus on some moves - so that you can gain control should anyone pull a gun on you baby.” Okay it made sense. We usually practiced with mock blades of various sizes or bows. The cabinet was stocked with replicas and real weapons. The real guns were locked in steel boxes. We made our way to the mats.

He stuffed the gun into the top of his sweat pants and left the handle sticking out a bit. “This is where the guy had it yesterday and I was able to grab it and position it so that I could’ve caused some serious damage, I want you to try.” “But you will be anticipating that move. At least I was able to cause a distraction so you could grab his loaded gun.” He wiggled his eyebrows “I can think of nothing better than you getting your hands on my loaded gun baby girl!” I did a dramatic eye roll. “You could be on your own Kat, it’s important that you get control of the weapon by whatever means, cause your own distraction, whatever it takes. You need to make sure that you gain possession and as quickly as possible, okay?” I gave a nod of my head and lunged for the pistol. He used my forward motion against me and I was hurtling past him, he had drawn the gun and was now pointing at me. Damn!

After several failed attempts we swapped and I had the gun stuffed down my pants. He lunged and I did a judo move that had him flat on his back. The gun was pointing at me. He had managed to grab it whilst I was busy tossing him over my hip. Double damn! Okay time for a new strategy.

We stood and Ant lunged, I blocked his hand and brought my knee up to his groin, he went down. Guess he forgot the protective gear my Father had purchased! I gave him a few moments to recover then he was back on his feet. I remained in control of the gun for a few more minutes, and then Ant as quick as a flash managed to take it from me.

With the gun down the front of his trousers I decided to switch tactics. He had said ‘cause your own distraction right?’ “Just give me a minute Ant.” I pulled my hair from the clip and let it fall around my shoulders. He was watching every action intently. Good! “God is it me or it really hot in here?” he didn’t answer; he knew I was up to something.

I grabbed the bottom of my top and slowly started to lift it up, his eyes left my face and he was watching my top slowly make its way to my breasts. I kept going and had pulled it above my bra. He licked his lips and was really distracted now. I pulled it over my head and went to throw my top on the floor close to him, as I did, I made my move and had the weapon in my hand and cocked it. I made a tutting sound with my tongue and winked at him. He looked up from my chest, ran his hands through his hair and managed to whisper “that’s not fair” I laughed and said “Check the rules on the door, last time I looked it said there are no fair or unfair manoeuvres and you said cause your own distraction.” He closed his eyes and smiled. “You got me there baby girl. Damn!”

I handed Anthony the gun, picked up my top and hair clip. I went to the fridge and pulled out two bottles of water. I grabbed a towel and wiped myself down. I was aware that Ant was still on the mats watching me and I was still in my bra so I shoved my top over my head and pulled it back into place. He scrubbed a hand over his stubbly chin and came over to have a drink. He was staring at the weights. “Are you ok Ant?” He nodded and smiled at me. “Yeah I’m okay. I just can’t believe that you pulled that shit!” I laughed and gathered my unruly hair twisting it and put the clip back in. He reached over and tucked a few straggly strands behind my ear. “Have we finished weapon training now? Because I want to use the treadmill” “Yeah baby girl, for today, but now I’m wise to your move you won’t be able to distract me so easily next time.” he patted me on the shoulder and went over to the weights.

I turned up the music and took my towel over to the treadmill. I kept glancing over and saw that Ant kept looking away when I did. I decided to stop looking and get on with a good run. I wiped sweat off me as I went and ended up leaving the towel around my shoulders that way I could wipe away any sweat before it reached my eyes. I had been on the treadmill for about 45 minutes and turned it to a slower pace. After a few more minutes I set it to a walk mode. So I could cool down.

Happy with my workout I jumped off the treadmill and went to fetch my drink. I stood watching Ant. He was putting some serious effort into lifting the weights. I would’ve only managed half an hour and my muscles would have been screaming for me to stop. “I’m going to grab a shower Ant.” He sat up on the bench and sweat started to run down his forehead. I chucked him my towel. He caught it and lifted to his face. I heard him sniff the towel. “Oh god sorry, let me get you a clean one.” Feeling embarrassed I turned to the worktop to get him a clean one. “No, this one is fine. It smells of you.” Ewww. Feeling grossed out I flung him a clean towel and went to collect my shoes.



Chapter Seven

I didn’t spend long in the shower, I was feeling restless. I thought that running on the treadmill for nearly an hour would stop this feeling that was growing in me. I grabbed my I-pod and listened to some heavy metal whilst trying to sort out my hair. I ended up tying it up out of the way. I shoved my I-pod onto my dressing table and I left my room.
I could hear Ant taking a shower in the guys room, it was one of our bedrooms my father had made into a kind of ‘locker room’ there was a shower room - toilet - fitted wardrobe where they could all store their gym gear and clean clothes.
I went to the kitchen and did the dishwasher and put the stuff away. I grabbed a cloth and some cleaning spray and wiped down the worktops. Ant came in and his smiley face turned to one of concern “Kat when was the last time you shifted?” I stopped cleaning and said “a couple of days ago why?” “Do you feel really jittery and stuff?” “Well if I knew what ‘stuff’ was then I might be!” He held up his hands “You’re not looking too good baby girl, and cleaning? You look like you are going to rub a hole in your Mums worktop” “I feel a bit wound up that’s all, I’m fine honest. I’ll finish doing this and then go and tidy up before they get home.” Ant looked around at the tidy room and then came and took the cloth from me. He gently held my hands “Kat, how you are feeling inside, angry and pent up, that is your body saying it’s got to shift.” “Don’t be daft, I’m fine. Now I’m just going to. . “ He gripped my wrists to prevent me from walking away and said in a sterner voice “Kat listen to me. You need to shift!” I broke his grip and shoved him out of the way. I went to the back door thinking some fresh air might make me feel better but a smell stopped me in my tracks.

I sniffed the air. Someone had been here. I knew it was none of my family. I frowned and thought about it for a moment. I knew I could smell Jase and Anthony, and I suppose my Father too but I now realised I could probably smell all of my family and just hadn’t realised it, until now. I sniffed the air again. I pushed the door open and shouted for Anthony. He came outside and instantly drew in a breath. He glanced around and then back at me. “Come back inside Kat” the urgency in his voice had my feet moving before my brain had registered it.

“Who is it Ant?” He shook his head and made his way to the phone. “Dad it’s me, I’m at Roberts’s house and he has been here.” I strained to hear what my Uncle James was saying, all I heard was ‘keep. . .inside . . . there’ “Okay Dad, yeah see you in a few.” Anthony put the phone back in its holder. “Someone has been outside Kat” “ummm kind of worked that out for myself Ant or should I say captain obvious!” He looked hurt “Kat please, now is not the time for dramas.” “I’m sorry Ant, I don’t know what’s wrong with me, I feel in a horrible mood.” “I know baby girl, just try and hold it together a bit longer and then we can shift when the others get here.”

My body responded to the thought of shifting I could feel it growing. I heard Ant shout “Shit no Kat” and he was on the floor next to me. “Concentrate Kat. Think baby think. Push it away. See yourself standing up and having arms and legs, you are human . . . You are in your room listening to your music; you are in the gym on the running machine. Come on Kat please stop this” my body was aching all over.

I was trying to fill my head with images of me in my room or on the treadmill in the gym. I was panting and breathing was really hurting. Every breath in and out burned. I tried concentrating on Anthony’s voice. “Walking around your favourite shops with lots of people.” I closed my eyes tight still gasping in the breaths. The door opened and I could hear Jase. “What the hell?” I heard him move closer and sit on the floor with me “Kat stay with me baby, its okay. You go Ant I’ll stay with her. Hey princess focus on my voice.” I listened as he coaxed me to keep listening. “I can’t wait until I can run my hands over you, imagine it Kat. Us, snuggled on the sofa together. You cuddled in close and me wrapping my arms around you like we did the other night that was amazing. Stay with me and we can go and cuddle up.” The back door banged closed I opened my eyes a little. Jase was so close to me, I wanted him to hold me and cuddle me up. I wanted to feel his hands all over me. I wanted him.

My breathing was slowing down and the burning sensation was easing up. I shifted position and got off all fours and sat on my bum. Jase scooted around the back of me and pulled me so that my back rested on his chest and he had his legs surrounding mine and he rubbed my arms gently. “I didn’t think you were going to stop that then.” “I can’t talk about it Jase or I will think about it and want it.” I licked my dry lips. “I need some air to clear my head.” He shook his head and said “it’s probably best if you don’t go outside for a bit, the guys are looking for whoever has been here.” “Oh” I looked down at my shaking hands “did smelling him trigger off your?” I shook my head “getting angry did I think.” “Let me get a sugary drink for you? You will probably need one now.” He helped me to my feet and grabbed us a can each.

We were snuggled up on the sofa in the lounge when Uncle James and the guys returned they headed straight for the kitchen and I could hear Ash organising the drinks. The fridge opened and the coffee percolator was switched on and cups were being put on the worktop. They were talking and we went to join them.

Uncle James smiled at me when I went in. “Are you ok poppet?” I gave a small smile “Yeah I’m okay, but can we not talk about it or it might start to happen again.” He gave a nod of his head in understanding. “It seems we have a male who is interested in you Kat.” I wiped my sweaty hands down my trousers. “Oh!” Uncle James gave my shoulder a squeeze “Yeah, oh! Just be aware Kat, it could be that he is looking for an opportunity to meet you. He can probably smell that you are an un-mated female.”

Kyle pulled me into an embrace, he held me so tight. I wrapped my arms around his back and Ash caught hold of my other hand smoothing that back of it with his thumb. Kyle spoke “But this is not our way, if he wanted to meet her why didn’t he get his Alpha to set up a meeting?” “Surely I have a say in this?” I saw Jase look at me and shake his head “No Kat, I’m afraid you don’t” the hell I don’t!

“I’m going to tell my Father that I don’t want to meet him.” Anthony spoke next. “If your Father thinks he is worthy of you Kat, then you will meet him, providing his Alpha contacts your Father.” I pushed the guys away. “Why? Why will he make me do something that I don’t want to do?” Anger was starting to surface again. Uncle James stepped forward “He could be your mate Kat, just like Uncle Trevor was Aunt Eve’s”

I was speechless for a moment. I scrubbed a tear from my face with the back of my hand. I didn’t want them to see that I was now crying. I was stunned into further silence when Kyle said “If you chose one of us as a mate you wouldn’t have to worry about others sniffing around” “That’s enough Kyle!” Uncle James yelled. I instantly lowered my head and took a step back. “You have been warned about this. I will not have it!” I was nearly out of the room by the time he had finished shouting. All of the guys were standing with their shoulders hunched and heads down. “Is he right Uncle James? Is what Kyle saying the truth?” Hysteria was setting in. . . . And so was a deep panic.

Jase scooped me up in his arms and carried me outside. He lowered me to the floor and I rolled so that I was on all fours. He was shouting at everyone to leave me. I opened my eyes and saw that he was pulling off his clothes and dumping them on the floor next to him. I watched as he made his way to me, calmly telling me that he was going to take off my clothes. I let out a growl through clenched teeth. Another pain gripped me and I tried again “grrrrroookayyyy.” He yanked down my jeans and pulled my boots off with my jeans one leg at a time. He pulled on my top so it went over my head and I managed to fling one arm at a time freeing the top and sending it flying. He dropped to the floor at the side of me as my bones changed shape. I couldn’t breathe and my lungs were burning. I panted and grunted and groaned my way through the shift and welcomed the noise that I knew signalled the last part of my shift.

I opened my eyes and saw Jase as a wolf standing over me, guarding me. Protecting me. He was magnificent in his wolf form. He let out a low growl and slowly turned away from me. Jase was still growling. Kyle, Ash and Anthony backed away slowly and I heard Uncle James say “Leave them. Kat needs her privacy” Kyle and Ash went into the house but Anthony stood still, now staring at me. Jase took another step towards his brother and let out another warning. “She’s beautiful Jase.” He nodded to Jase and went into the house. Jase huffed and came and prodded me with his nose. I got up and shook myself off. Jase headed towards the gym and I followed. He went into the nearest covering of trees and moved silently. I tried my best but I could hear the rustle and crunching of leaves under my feet.

We made our way up the steep incline and Jase disappeared into some heavy undergrowth. I could hear Jase scratching away at something and then I heard a dragging noise. His head appeared amongst the shrubs and gestured for me to follow. I slowly stepped into the undergrowth and found there was an opening in the hillside. There was a large piece of wood by the entrance. Jase nudged my rear but I stayed still. He huffed and went into the hole and made a little whining sound. I went in. He turned and lay with his belly touching the floor and was staring at me. I made my way over and ungracefully sat next to him.

He grabbed hold of my front leg with his mouth and pulled me down next to him. I grumbled as I went down. He thoroughly washed my ears and nibbled them and I found myself relaxing and letting out contented sighs. His front leg pinned me to the floor and he nipped the long fur around my neck, I wriggled and found that I could lick him on his ear. As I did, I felt a shudder go through him. He deepened the nipping on my neck. I nipped his ear and gave another lick. He lifted his head and rested his forehead on mine looking into my eyes. I slowly blinked and sighed and he did it back. He settled down and had his head on my back and a paw wrapped over me.

We sat up in unison and Jase moved in front of me. I cocked my head to one side listening and scanning the entrance, I could see that it was nearly dark . I drew in a breath through my nostrils, I could smell him now. His scent was drifting towards us. He was getting closer to the entrance of the hidey hole. Knowing that someone was out there following me and my fertile scent made my skin crawl.

Part of me wanted to go out there and see who was following me but an even bigger part wanted to stay hidden. I prodded Jase with my nose hoping he would know that I wanted to go outside and face whoever was stalking me. Jase swung his head and looked at me he shook his head a little, so I remained still. He turned back towards the entrance now and his ears were turning as he listened. We heard a little huffing sound and then heard him move away. He went slowly at first and then went into a full run.

We stayed still. My ears turned when I heard several pairs of feet hitting the floor, I let out a little whining sound and Jase turned to face me, he licked my face and rested his head on mine. Their feet slowed when they approached the undergrowth and I heard a couple of huffs. Jase made his way out and I followed. I hesitated when I saw four wolves all looking at me.

Jase looked back at me and then to the big wolf, he dipped his head and two of the wolves ran on leaving a big black wolf and a reddish one. I recognised Uncle James. The reddish one dipped his head and winked. Now I knew who he was. Kyle! I let out a big sigh, pleased that I recognised them.

A growl in the distance had us all moving, Uncle James in front and Kyle and Jase on either side of me. We ran fast and I saw an almost white wolf crouched with its teeth bared ready to pounce on what I presumed was Ash given the light brown coat when I recognised Anthony’s form as a large black wolf. He launched himself into the white wolf knocking him over. My hackles rose and anticipation slithered through me. My wolf was welcoming a battle, no male was going to stalk her and claim her like a prize.

We surrounded the fighting wolves and my Uncle James let out a loud and frightening growl. Ash and Anthony moved away and the white wolf got to his feet. He looked over to me and sniffed the air. His eyes took on a shine. I could hear Jase letting out a low long growl, a warning that he would fight if he had too. The white wolf ignored him and looked me up and down. I bared my teeth and launched myself at him. I had him pinned to the floor by his throat. My wolf knew what to do, instinct had truly kicked in. I was growling long and hard letting him know not to mess with me. He didn’t struggle, he stayed still. When my point was made I bit down just a little bit harder and then released him. I backed away slowly and stood next to Jase.

My Uncle gestured with his head to the white wolf for him to leave. Ash and Anthony moved apart and the white wolf backed away slowly through the gap. When he felt safe he turned and fled. We watched him go and listened until we couldn’t hear him in the distance anymore.

Satisfied that he was no longer a threat my Uncle James took his position up front. And I watched Jase and Ant fall in behind him. I was prodded in my rear and Kyle gave me a goofy grin and gestured for me to go. I didn’t want Kyle’s nose near my rear again so I moved in between Jase and Anthony. Kyle and Ash took up positions behind us.

They picked up the pace and we were running back to the house. Jase glancing at me from one side and Anthony from the other. We were coming out of the trees by the gym and I could see my Dad standing by the door looking over to where we were. He disappeared into the house, a whining noise left my mouth and Jase bumped into me and walked so that our sides were touching. I nipped his ear, my way of saying thank you. He gave me a goofy grin. We stayed in formation until we were just outside of the door. My Dad came out holding a blanket. “Hi princess, I’m going to wrap this around you okay? It will give you some privacy whilst you shift back.” I nodded my head and stayed perfectly still whilst he approached. When he was near the guys moved away and sat watching with interest. Uncle James let out a low growl and they all turned their backs.

With my shift complete I wrapped the blanket around my body and noticed that it was just me and my Dad there. “Where have they gone?” “I’m not sure princess; I was hoping you could tell me what’s been going on”

My Dad made me a hot chocolate and my Mum was franticly making a big pot of Chilli – Con - Carne. I told them the events leading up to my shift and then told them about the white wolf. “So he has been here?” I nodded “this is not acceptable.” He thumped his hand down on the worktop and my cup wobbled, I picked it up and held it in my hands. “This is not the way Kat. He should be going through his Alpha and be vouched for.”

My Mum, happy with her efforts for feeding everyone when they returned, pulled out a stool and sat beside me “I knew we shouldn’t have left her Robert, she didn’t know that she needed to shift.” Mum rubbed my arm “Kat when you were being unreasonable before your first shift it was our equivalent to pre-menstrual tension but now you have had your first shift your body will become fidgety and you will feel restless, this means that you need to shift okay?” I nodded. “I will know for next time I guess.”

My Dad pulled me in and kissed the top of my head. I put the cup down and held the blanket in place. “I can smell everyone now. I never noticed before, well apart from Jase, but I could smell him, the other wolf. Why is that?” My Dad planted another kiss on the top of my head before explaining that I will always recognise my families scent and I was so used to smelling them that they are just normal scents to me. He then went on to say that the white wolf’s scent stuck out so much because it’s a new scent to us. “So how is it that I can smell Jase’ so strongly?” My Mum looked at Dad and gave a little nod of her head. My dad smoothed my hair down “Princess whether you choose to acknowledge this or not is your choice but . . . He is your mate Kat, you love him.” My Mum patted my leg and stood to go and cook some rice.

“But what if he’s not Dad, what if I have a baby and die? And the baby dies?” My Dad was quiet now. I knew he was deep in thought and after about a minute he said “When you are in wolf form, how do you feel about him?” I told him my most private thoughts even though my cheeks burned. I needed answers! “Your inner wolf recognises what his is and who he is to you princess, and when you are Kat on two feet, how do you feel when you are with him?” Oh, now this was harder to explain. “I get a fluttery stomach and sometimes I feel like it’s doing cart wheels. Oh god, I can’t believe I’m going to say this to my Dad. I want him Dad, like you know . . .  we kiss and it’s . . . he makes me feel. .do you know what I’m trying to say?” “So what’s stopping you?” now it was my turn to think. “He’s my first kiss, the only one I have ever kissed, what if he isn’t the one?” Dad cupped my face and smoothed my cheeks with his thumbs “I believe he is princess, but as I’ve already said it’s up to you to acknowledge it” Mum suddenly wasn’t busy anymore “Oh and Kat don’t be ashamed or embarrassed, it’s normal to want to mate with your mate no matter how old you are” thanks Mum!

Thankfully all conversations regarding my parent’s sexual relationship came to a halt because the guys were back. I grabbed the blanket more tightly around my body and made my way to my room. I flopped on my bed and considered Jase as my mate. Just thinking about him had my heart racing, but was I ready to have babies with him? I really wasn’t sure. I threw on some clothes and went down stairs I was starving.

Uncle Trevor was sat at the table with everyone else and next to Jase was my empty seat. I sat and Jase held my thigh under the table, my pulse spiked. There was only one thing for it “Uncle Trevor can you spare me a few moments please?” “Of course little un, do you want to eat first?” I stood up. “No, I have a question and I need it answering.” The room slowly went silent and Jase looked concerned. Uncle Trevor stood up and we made our way to the lounge.

We sat on the sofa and Uncle Trevor did his best to look relaxed. “So Kat what is bothering you so much that you are prepared to leave all that lovely food on the table?” “Can I have sex and not get pregnant?” you could see surprise in his face, I think I had caught him off guard with my directness, “Ah, okay, no Kat, to mate at this stage in your cycle will lead to pregnancy.” “Can I use protection or the pill?” “Again no, neither of those work for our kind” I sank back on the sofa feeling defeated. “Kat what are you so worried about?” “I think I love him, Jase, but I have only been aware of these feelings for a couple of days and it’s a big gamble for a . . .  fondle that might go too far” He patted my leg. “Knowing when to say ‘stop’ helps if you are doubtful Kat.” I nodded. “Knowing I could die and kill a baby is enough of an incentive for me”

My decision was made. Keep physical contact down to a minimum. Oh and don’t be alone with Jase. I ate my chilli and joined in with the chatter. My Mum told us of a new baby that Uncle Trevor and she had helped deliver. They had travelled to Taunton to help with the delivery. There was excitement in the room as they announced that the Mother and her new baby daughter were doing well.

When it was polite to leave the table we went to the games room. Instead of playing pool and getting drunk I played the arcade machines and kept to myself.

Arms wrapped around my waist, it was Jase. He whispered in my ear “Are you okay? You can hardly stand to be near me. Have I done something wrong?” and that was all it took, I crumbled. I twisted in his arms so that I faced him, I held his face in my hands and whispered “its not that I can’t stand to be near you, but more like I don’t trust myself to be with you.” He rested his head on mine. “So, what now?” “I was trying to put some distance between us so I could work out how I feel about you but I already know. I’m just really scared Jase.” “Come on.” He held my hand and we left, the guys were so busy getting drunk they didn’t notice we had gone.

We snuck into the lounge and closed the door. Jase sat in his usual spot and I couldn’t wait to get into mine. I snuggled in so close and breathed in his scent. He lightly ran his finger down my back, and it sent shivers though me. We kissed and cuddled up together but it wasn’t long before exhaustion from shifting took over and I drifted off to sleep.

It was still dark outside when I woke. Jase was shifting position trying to get comfortable. I had spread out on the sofa and Jase was squashed. I shifted over and Jase wrapped an arm around me and pulled me close again.

After a couple of minutes I asked “Are you still awake?” “Yeah I’m awake princess.” I tipped my head so I could see him “You know I needed to ask Uncle Trevor a question earlier?” He smoothed a few strands of hair from my face “Yeah, are you okay?” I smiled “Yeah I’m fine, I was asking him about birth control” Jase went still. “We can’t use anything Jase. We will have to be really careful.” He gave me a sad smile. “Kat I won’t risk your life and that of a babies on uncertainties, and I told you if you choose me as a life mate but don’t want children that is fine. Whatever makes you happy.” “So if I choose you and no children we couldn’t . . . you know for 5 years?” He kissed me on the nose. “That’s right princess, but I would wait, you know that right? I would never pressure you into anything you didn’t want to do.” “So you don’t want to . . . You know?” He lifted me up so that I was on top of him and kissed me. When we were both breathless and my heart was pounding he said “Of course I want to make love to you princess, but only when you are ready.” “And this is one of the many reasons why I’m falling in love with you Jase.” He kissed me again and said “Good, because I freaking love you princess”

It was daylight when I opened my eyes. The smell of bacon and eggs had drawn me from my heavy sleep. Jase came into the room carrying two plates. He had already put two cups of tea on the end table near the sofa. “Morning princess” he bent over and kissed me on the forehead. I sat up and took the offered plate of goodies. “Did you make this?” He smiled “Call it a joint effort, your Dad and me trying to impress our ladies” My tummy let out a groan in anticipation of the bacon, eggs, mushrooms and toast. “I could get used to this” Jase glanced sideways at me and quietly said. “That’s what I’m aiming for” and beamed me a smile.

I could hear my parents getting ready for the day, taking showers and a hairdryer blasting Mums hair. It was a normal day. I hoped it stayed that way. Jase was flicking through the TV channels and settled on a music station. “What do you want to do today? We will have to be careful though because of . . .” he let the sentence drift off at the end. I gave a nod of my head in understanding I didn’t want to run in to the white wolf again either. “Do you and Anthony still have your quad bikes?” Jase obviously liked this idea if his face lit up. “Hell yeah” we bumped fists. Today was looking good so far.



Chapter Eight

“I’m not saying that you can’t ride the quads Katherine, I’m saying that I want you where we can keep an eye that all” He sounded exasperated and I had only just begun complaining! “But you are not going to be here!” He ran his fingers through his hair “Look just ride the damn things on the grounds of the new house!” “Can we at least ride them there then?” Dad drew in a fortifying breath before answering “No Kat. You are not riding them to the property, Uncle James will gladly take them on the trailer and you can ride them once you are there.”

I looked to Jase and I gestured for him to say something to my Dad to reassure him of my safety, and Jase spoke up “No problem Uncle Robert, I wouldn’t do anything to put Kat in danger and I fully understand why you don’t want her out in the forest without the protection of the pack.” I couldn’t believe he was being such a suck up! I gave him an incredulous look and he was grinning and wiggling his eyebrows. I stomped off yelling “You jerk” over my shoulder.

From my room I could hear Uncle James’ land rover and trailer making its way down the lane. Jase was waiting for them when Uncle James pulled his vehicle into its usual spot. Anthony climbed out of the passenger side holding what looked like his all in one leather suit and a crash helmet. Uncle James opened the back door and grabbed a matching helmet and all in one suit and passed it to Jase. They were chatting and Jase was being very animated with his hands and Uncle James and Ant nodded at whatever Jase was saying, even straining my ears I couldn’t hear them.

My Mum was carrying large plastic boxes and putting them into the back of Uncle James’ car. My Father was loading stuff into the boot of his. Wait; was that a bbq going in? I grabbed my old boots and shoved them on. I was still feeling a bit sorry for myself for not being able to go off with Jase on my own for a day of fun. If the white wolf was lurking about in either human or wolf form I would send him packing once and for all. There was no way I was going to end up like Ellie.

As I climbed out from my Dad’s Land rover I noticed that three of my Uncles cars were already parked up by one of the barns. I grabbed the BBQ and took it to the back of the property and stood it on the patio. I entered the house through the back door and was astonished to see that the grotty kitchen was no more. Dad stood behind me and I noticed that he looked pleased as he glanced around the empty room.

I walked through the little non-descript room and into the room with the grotty carpet and shabby paint work to find my Uncle Allen and Ash rolling up the carpet. Aunt Alice beamed a smile at me as I entered the room and I found myself offering to help rather than ride that quad bike. Luckily for me, Alice wouldn’t hear of it and insisted that I needed to have some fun. I didn’t bother having an internal debate, she was right; fun was definitely what I needed after everything that has been happening.

Aunt Alice was in her element, she had packed a kettle, cups, plates, and cutlery and had tea, coffee, milk and sugar all packed into plastic storage boxes. I helped carry some of the boxes from their car and we put them on the deep window sill in the kitchen. From one of the boxes she pulled out cleaning spray and a cloth and set about cleaning, I made a hasty retreat and headed in another direction.

I could smell paint and heard Uncle Eric and Aunt Chrissy talking in the other room at the front of the house. I pushed the door open to see they were wearing overalls and painting a wall a soft warm beige colour. Kyle was sat on the floor at the other end of the room replacing the old socket covers with chrome covers. “Wow you’re all busy; it’s looking really nice in here.” Uncle Eric put his paint roller in the tray and hugged me being careful not to get any paint on me “do you like it?” I smiled “I love this room, it feels really homely, I love the colour by the way” Kyle finished putting in the last screw and got up saying “now for the moment of truth!” he went to the kitchen and came back with Aunt Alice’s kettle and plugged it in. I took a step back just to be safe; he gave a little chuckle and shouted “BANG” when he flicked the switch. I jumped a mile and the three of them fell about laughing.

I managed a “jerk” before I laughed. He put an arm around my shoulder and said “Did you really doubt my skills kitty Kat!” I elbowed him in the ribs and he made an “ooff” sound and rubbed his ribs “Play nice kitty Kat or I wont change the other covers and light switch.” I scowled at him “And that will affect me how exactly?” before he had chance to finish Uncle Eric said “Now that the kettle is on, why don’t you see who is ready for a cuppa Kyle?” looking flustered Kyle left, I took pleasure knowing that he was now stuck making drinks for everyone.

I heard Uncle James’ land rover coming along the muddy lane, the trailer was clattering away. Feeling excited I went outside to help get the quad bikes off the trailer. Uncle Trevor was emerging from one of the barns with Lewis and Alex. Aunt Eve was chatting to my Mum near the entrance to the barn. Lewis and Alex waved and jogged over to me. After the usual greeting of hugs and nuzzling into my neck we chatted about my impending party. My excitement was growing for my party but I was intrigued about Alex’s potential girlfriend, so I asked about her. Lewis made an excuse and left Alex and me talking.

“She’s amazing Kat, you will love her, I promise. She reminds me of you a bit: she can be wilful and witty, she is kind and caring, and she knows what she wants out of life and lives it.” surprised that Alex has described me this way I raise an eyebrow and ask “And she loves you?” he paused for a moment a flash of emotions crossed his face, l saw love and hope before he gave me a coy smile and answered “I hope so Kat. She is excited about meeting everyone and in particular you. So play nice ok?” I punched him on his arm and giggled “I have it on good authority that my bitchiness was down to a long bout of pmt.” He gave a chuckle “that’s right you’ve shifted now and it’s all been a bit . . . mad.” He closed his eyes briefly and looked sad “Sorry I haven’t been there for you baby.” He pulled me into a hug and I hugged him back “it’s ok Alex, I’ve had the guys looking out for me.” he looked amused as he looked down at me “Yeah I can imagine” he kissed my forehead and pulled back a little so he could see me properly “If you need to get away until the white wolf has been dealt with, you could come and help me at the new club.” I studied him for a moment taking in the serious look on his face “Thanks Alex, if I need a bolt hole I will take you up on your offer.” I figured it was better to keep my options open!

The quads were on the grass and there was no sign of Jase. I found him looking at the wall paper samples in the bedroom. “How hard can it be to choose some paper?” He held out an arm and I went and I cuddled into him. “You ready to ride? Or do you want to do this?” I pointed to the samples. “No I know what paper to put in here now.” He smiled at me and he tossed the samples back onto the window sill. Jase pulled me close and tipped my head up so he could kiss me. I felt my pulse quicken in response to the kiss, Jase pulled back and I felt breathless. With an amused expression he said “Let’s go and get ready to ride” I watched him purposefully stride out of the bedroom and found myself wanting . . .  more.  I gave myself a mental shake and followed him down the stairs.

Jase passed me his all in one leather suit. “Do I have to wear it really?” He looked a bit sheepish “Yeah you’d better wear it or you won’t be able to ride” I snorted and said a little tartly “Says who?” Dad stuck his head into the little non-descript room “I did, so no arguing. Just do as you are told for once” Speechless I donned the ridiculously large all in one suit and shoved on the helmet. Dad watched my every movement with a stern look on his face, but when I was dressed appropriately his expression softened and he altered the chin strap. “So . . . this treating me like an adult is a little hard to do is it?” my voice dripped with sarcasm. Dad tapped the helmet and said “There is no point taking chances princess when you don’t need too.” With his little speech over he turned and went into the garden, but not before I caught a smug look on his face. I glared at Jase; he just shrugged and carried on putting on his gear. I watched him zip up the leather all-in-one suit and he bent to put on the boots. I had an over whelming urge to slap his tightly clad butt. Jase must’ve sensed me looking, he glanced over his shoulder and I was rewarded with a goofy grin and a wiggle of his eyebrows “Are you perving on me Katherine?” I wiggled my eyebrows back at him and gave him a wicked grin of my own “I do believe I am.” Looking satisfied Jase caught hold of my hand and led me outside to the quads.

I gave out a delighted squeal. I had been so busy chatting to everyone I hadn’t noticed that they had made a couple of ramps from what looked like the worktops that used to be in the kitchen. “Did you know about this?” Through the gap in his helmet I saw his eyes sparkling. “Yeah I knew, I asked them to do this because I knew you wanted to have some fun today and riding around on some grass wouldn’t be challenge enough for you.” I launched myself up onto him and wrapped my legs around his back and hugged him hard. We bumped helmets as I tried to kiss him “I knew there was a reason I hated this gear!” he laughed and lowered me to my feet.

We took it slowly at first mapping out a track that would be used for racing against one another. The ramps didn’t look that high but riding at the side of them now I realised you would have to go fast on the approach to get a decent jump off them. Excitement coursed through me and I couldn’t wait to start, unfortunately for me Jase had the same idea, he twisted the throttle and left me standing, I could hear him whooping over the noise of the engines!

Giggling like a school girl and feeling care free, we did a couple of laps of the track. Jase was in the lead so I took a short cut to get in front, we were having a blast and the worktop ramps gave us the opportunity to show off, letting go of the handle bars whilst in the air or standing up for the jump and lifting a leg. Jase would cut in front of me to gain the lead and when I had the chance I would slide across in front of him causing him to slow down so I could get ahead.

After about an hour Jase stopped the quad at the far end of the field and I went and parked at the side of him and turned off the engine. Jase held out a hand to help me off the quad bike and undid the strap of my helmet. I took it off and hung it from the quads handlebars. Even though our suits were all muddy we hugged and kissed. Jase stepped away; he turned me so I could see the storage box and blanket.

“Was this your idea as well?” His eyes sparkled and he beamed a huge smile at me over his shoulder as he spread the blanket on the floor “Yeah, is this ok?” he gestured to the blanket and box of goodies “Is it ever, I’m starving!” He chuckled as I lowered myself onto the blanket being careful not to get my muddy boots on it. Jase leaned over and took off my Dr Martins and put them near the edge of the blanket, he took off his boots and placed them besides mine. He turned over with a lustful smile and crawled over me on all fours making my lie down. He straddled my hips with his knees and pinned my hands above my head and I let him. Deep inside of me ached for him. My insides were doing triple flips instead of cart wheels.

He kissed me on the lips gently at first but with each opening of the mouth his kiss deepened and intensified, he let go of my hands and was cupping the back of my head with one hand and gently placed the other on my chest, well the leather all-in-one suit, making sure that he didn’t touch my breasts. “Your eyes look beautiful Kat, the way you are looking at me; you are seriously doing things to me now.” He sat up but I wasn’t done yet. He started to get off me and I moved fast knocking him over onto his back, I pinned his hands above his head and bent over to kiss him. He automatically bucked to throw me off and then grinned a wicked smile when he realised I was moving in for a kiss. I let go of his hands and he moved them down and gripped hold of my hips pulling me closer to him - to his manly area.

I broke the kiss and slowly sat up “I’m sorry Jase, I was. . . “ Sheesh what was I doing? Sex education at school certainly hadn’t prepared me for these strong emotions. I had never any sort of physical relationship and really was an innocent, and here with Jase I was behaving like a slut! He sat up with me and pulled me into a hug. “Don’t ever apologise for doing that to me” he was breathing forcibly slower. I could feel little shivers running through his body and mine. I cleared my throat and slowly climbed off him. He pulled me close so I couldn’t move away to hide my embarrassment “Kat don’t, I love the way you make me feel. There is nothing to be embarrassed about.” I let out a sigh and tried to relax. God, what is with me?

“Hungry?” I smiled and replied “always” Jase tugged the plastic box closer and lifted the lid. We ate the contents of the box and had drunk the two drinks that Jase had put in there. I flopped onto my back with my hands behind my head and Jase lay next to me on his side, propped on one elbow. He gently stroked my cheek with the backs of his fingers and smoothed my hair. “If I was a cat I would be purring now.” Jase chuckled and said seductively “Anytime you want to climb on my lap so I can stroke you, be my guest.” I turned to see that he was wiggling his eyebrows at me “perv!” he bent over and kissed me, and again I was left wanting more.

Ash was making his way across the field to where we lay. “Hey guys if you’ve finished making out can we have a go?” My eyebrows shot up and Ash laughed “No, oh god. I meant can we have a go with the quads!” Relieved I got up and passed him the helmet. “Your Dads lighting the bbq if you’re still hungry after feasting on Jase” I smacked him on the arm and called him a jerk, he got on one of the quad bikes and rode it back to where Kyle was waiting. Jase gathered up the blanket and plastic box and passed me his helmet. I put it on and sat on the back of the quad, one arm holding the blanket and box, the other wrapped around Jase’ stomach as he slowly rode back.

The afternoon went quickly, we watched all the Uncles take turns on the Quad bikes, my Dad thrashing them and doing wheelies when he had won. At heart he was still a big kid. My mum cheering him on and whooping with delight when he’d won, then rushing over to him to embrace and kiss him. I watched my Aunts giving their respective husbands consolation hugs and kisses. As I watched them, I realised that they all still really cared so deeply for one another. It was the way they looked at each other adoringly, it warmed my heart.

Jase came and stood behind me and wrapped his arms around my waist “Are you ok?” I made a dreamy “Mmmmm” sound and Jase gave a little squeeze and kissed me on my neck. I felt a pair of eyes burning into me. I glanced around and Anthony looked away, running a hand through his hair. As far as I knew I hadn’t done anything to upset him, but he looked annoyed. I would have to ask him later when we were on our own.

My Aunts and Uncles were slowly going back their own houses and Ash and Kyle had left with their parents. Lewis came and found me near the barn. I had just stored one of the quad bikes in there and was just going to grab the other one “Hi sweet cheeks, how’s it going?” “Yeah good thanks Lewis, what about you? You’ve been quite today.” He nodded “Yeah, I guess I have been quiet.” There was a long pause, I was expecting him to tell me why but he just stood there. I gave him a hug and said “Lew what’s wrong?” he half hugged me in return and patted my back. “Don’t worry about it sweet cheeks” he stroked my face and went to walk away but I held onto his hand “Lew?” he turned back and hugged me hard.

“Lewis you know you can talk to me right?” I heard him breathing in my scent and he slowly released me. “I want you to know that when Alex sets up home with Jules I am going with them. I had kind of hoped that you and I could be together, but after seeing the two of you together, well it made me realise that we could never have anything as special as the two of you have got.” I went still. I couldn’t say anything because my brain was trying to make sense of what he had just said. Oh no, no, no! “Lewis I don’t. . .you know, and I’m so sorry” He cupped my face gently and tipped it so I looked into his eyes “It’s not your fault sweetness, it’s just hard watching Alex and Jules and you and Jase, I wonder if there is a girl out there for me, that’s all.” He pulled me in close and rubbed his face across the top of my head. I felt really bad, he was so kind and sweet I hope that he finds his special someone. “Are you leaving because of me?” he rested his forehead on mine “no cup cake, I’m moving on to pastures new, new club, new life and maybe a new girl.” He popped a kiss on the end of my nose and left me to my thoughts. I sank down on the floor of the barn. Had they all really been waiting for me to pick one of them as a mate? My life officially sucks!

I heard my parents saying their goodbyes to Uncle Trevor, Aunt Eve, Alex and Lewis. I closed the door of the barn and padlocked it and made my way over to the house. Anthony was in the kitchen when I went in, he bent down and slid his laptop into the messenger bag and put the strap on his shoulder. “Has Lewis told you he’s going to leave if Alex and Jules set up a home together?” He nodded and looked a little sad. “Yeah he is finding it hard seeing Alex getting together with Jules and now you’re getting all loved up. I guess we all are!” he said it like he was disgusted with me, like I had no right to be with Jase. He went to walk away and turned back to say something, but whatever he saw in my eyes stopped him cold. Perhaps it was the tears that were waiting to fall or maybe it was the hurt that they surely displayed. He reached out to me but I couldn’t take anymore. I turned and ran.

Tears fell as I ran, I’d been hurt by Kyle, then Lewis and now Anthony. Could my life get any harder? I’d gone from a girl feeling like a freak, to a baby making machine that was up high on a pedestal. And all this, in less than a week. I wanted my life where I knew nothing of shifters, nothing of all my family being shifters and not feeling like all the guys had grown up waiting and wanting me for their own. I had thought that this was how family life was, all looking out for each other and now . . . now I’d become a trophy prize and the ultimate goal, to mate with and produce a girl.

The more I thought, the faster I ran. I could hear Anthony calling after me and I heard Jase shout my name, but I’d made it to the trees and I kept going.

I now knew they could follow me if they wanted, they could track me and find me, but I wasn’t running from them, not really. I was running to heal my hurting heart, running to make myself feel better by hurting my own body. The scratches from the brambles and ferns were a welcome pain.

I headed into shrubs and bushes and let low branches scrape up my arms and legs, and deliberately let them scratch my face. I swiped the blood that ran freely down my cheek. It made me feel better seeing the blood, it made the pain I was feeling inside seem more real, and they would all be able to see it now. And weirdly that brought me comfort too. They had all caused this, all of them. Keeping what I am a secret, and wanting me for what I could give them. I found the hidey hole that Jase and I had gone into. I dragged the piece of wood across the entrance and curled up into a ball.

He found me, I don’t know how long I had been in there sobbing and grieving for my old life. I heard him pace about outside and sit close to the entrance. The others came, I heard him ask them to leave, and then I heard him order them to go. I could hear them talking and blaming each other as they left. My Father bellowed at them, the force of his shout had me cowering in my little hidey hole. They went silent as they moved away.

He was playing the waiting game now, waiting for me to make the next move. Yes he had found me but that didn’t mean that I wanted to see him, but I was trapped by my own stupidity. I had gone to one place that I couldn’t escape from. One entrance in, the same one out and my Father sitting waiting for me! He was in for a long night.

It was cold, I could see my breath and my teeth chattered, but I was in the ground with some wood offering a little bit of protection from the chill of the night. I sat up and listened to see if he had given up and gone home, I heard him rubbing his hands against his clothing trying to rub some heat back into himself. He went quiet as I moved around changing position he was listening to my movements trying to hear if I was going to come out.

My top was stuck fast against my chest from the blood that had dripped of my cheek. I heard him whisper “Oh Kat. . .I’m sorry baby, so, so sorry” I didn’t want his apologies. It was far too late for them. I wanted to kick his arse. Anger started to bubble, a rage so deep I didn’t think I could contain it.

I kicked the wood out of the way and my Father slowly stood. He took in my appearance and looked full of grief. He went to come to me but I held a hand up in a warning to him. I went down the hill and came out close to the gym. I pushed the doors so hard they clattered. Four sets of feet came down the stairs from the games room. They stayed on the stairs looking at me, Kyle Ash, Anthony and Jase. Jase went pale and started to come to me. “No!” I held up a hand and warned him to stay away he looked hurt but that was nothing compared to the hurt he would feel if he came any closer. I kicked off my shoes and waited, I knew he would come.

My Father pushed opened the door to the gym. He assessed me coolly and asked them to leave, this time they went quietly over to the house. They wouldn’t go home, not with me behaving like a nuclear reactor waiting to go off. He saw that I had taken off my shoes and was waiting for him. “No Kat, I won’t fight you.” I stood in my fighting stance, he shook his head. “No Kat I’m not going to fight you!” He took a step closer. “Princess please, let’s talk.” I sneered at him. “Talking time is over Daddy dearest!” He took another step nearer. “Baby please, you need to let me explain” I had lived for nearly 18 years and at no point until less than a week ago had they tried to explain or talk about things. No. He’d had his chance.

I launched myself at him and rained punch after punch down on him. He blocked some and a few made contact. He tried to grab me but I was ready, I sent him flying across the room. It seems Daddy dearest had trained me well. “Kat please, I know your hurting” “you did it, all of you freakin did this!” I scissor kicked him and he stumbled back but remained on his feet.

The gym door opened and Uncle James came in my father nodded to him and James came onto the mats. Now this I was looking forward too, the Alpha and his second in charge. I was between them now. Uncle James was holding his arms out to show that he wouldn’t hurt me, but I knew that he had come to protect his Alpha; he wouldn’t let me deliberately hurt him. He couldn’t.

Two against one was nothing new to me as I faced that in my training regularly, they had better step up their game or they would get hurt. I was here to fight and fight to win!

Neither of them hit me or fought back, I kicked, threw and knocked them off balance but they kept coming back for more. Trying to hold me or use my moves against me and get me to the floor so they could pin and hold me. I didn’t want to find out what would happen if they managed to get me to the floor, so my plan for now was to stay on my feet and hurt them in a physical way, and boy did it feel good. The more I hit them, the angrier I became.

The gym door opened a little and I caught a glimpse of my Mother, I couldn’t worry about her seeing me like this I had to dodge my Father and James, make sure they didn’t get hold of me. Mum hid her hand behind her back. She made her way over to the mats. “If you think you are going to stick me with a needle to knock me out you’d better be prepared for when it wears off!” My voice was venomous. It was completely unrecognisable as mine. At a flick of my Dads head she turned and fled the gym. I heard her make a stifled sobbing sound and it gave me great pleasure that she was suffering too. My rage had intensified. My own Mother thinking she could control me by knocking me out. One by one they were all hurting me, and they were all going to pay! I launched into another attack on James and my Father. I was relentless, using my training to my advantage. Using my knowledge of their own fighting skills against them. Predicting their restraining attempts and counteracting their moves to be enable me to hurt them.

Jase came into the gym and stepped onto the mats, nodding once at my Father and then looking at me with a tears streaming down his face. Oh no, Jase!. . . I faltered and couldn’t follow through with my move. He pulled me into a hug and I just stood there, cocooned in his arms and felt my anger subsiding. I felt numb. I stood staring at nothing, I knew they were talking but I couldn’t care what they were saying. Jase scooped me up into his arms and carried me to my room. He laid me gently on my bed and got on it with me, wrapping his arms around me sobbing onto my shoulder.

I should’ve offered him comfort, I should’ve hugged him, but I couldn’t. He begged and pleaded for me to forgive him for upsetting me, for keeping the fact that we were different from me. He stayed by my side all night, he smoothed my hair and stroked my cheek and finally exhaustion took over and he slept for a couple of hours.

The door opened a couple of times and my Father looked in, presumably making sure I was still in my room and hadn’t made a break for it. I kept staring at the ceiling, just like I had been since Jase put me on the bed.

Jase woke and it was daylight, he kissed me on the head and patted my leg, he gently got off the bed, he went into my en-suite and used the toilet. I heard him wash his hands and he came back over to my bed. “Hey princess do you want a drink?” He stood staring at me for a while, silently willing me to reply. He left my room, I heard him tell my Father that I hadn’t spoken a word all night, they were talking quietly I couldn’t hear what they were saying, or perhaps more accurately - I didn’t care.

The smell of bacon cooking wafted up the stairs but now the smell repulsed me. Normally my stomach would get excited by the smell and let out groans of anticipation, I was thankful that it remained quiet even when Jase placed a sandwich on my bedside cabinet with a cup of tea. They were removed a while later and replaced with more food that remained un-touched by me.

I got off my bed to use the toilet, I heard him coming up the stairs. I heard my door open a little. I used the toilet and lay back on my bed turning my back on him and the door. I was aware that the door opened and closed several times during the day, and that it was getting dark out. I felt the bed sink down as Jase climbed on and lay down close behind me, his chest on my back and the front of his legs touching every inch of mine. He smoothed my hair and nibbled on my ear, he rubbed his hand down my arm. I could hear and feel the anguish surrounding him but I felt no compulsion to offer him comfort. Finally he gave up trying to get a response from me, and he popped his arm over me trailing his fingers over my skin. I felt his actions grow slower and slowly he went to sleep.

Doctor Trevor visited and checked me over before his morning surgery. I closed my eyes, refusing to acknowledge that he was in the room. He tried to engage me in conversation but gave up after about half an hour, promising me he would come later when he had seen the patience on his list. He continued to speak to me advising that I ate and had a few drinks to re-hydrate myself.

My body started to feel fidgety but I was exhausted. I knew I was going to have to shift but I didn’t know if I would have the energy or what would happen if I tried to shift and failed. Would I end up partially shifted? Panic started to take over, I knew I had to get away. I didn’t want to shift with any of them watching.

I left my room. Jase and my Father watched as I walked down the stairs, they both looked weary and as if they hadn’t slept in days. My Father tried to catch hold of my hand but I snatched it away and made my way outside. I didn’t bother closing the door; there would been no point. It would only be opened seconds later as they followed me to wherever I was going.

I went back up to the hidey hole. The wood was still flat on the floor from where I had kicked it a couple of days earlier. I tried to stand it on its end so I could cover the hole whilst I shifted but I didn’t have the strength. Jase’ hands were there in an instant lifting the wood onto its side. He didn’t talk he just stood with his head bowed down. I went into the hidey hole and Jase leant the piece of wood across the entrance, he had left a gap at the bottom so I could get out as a wolf.

I heard Jase sit on the dirty floor and heard his anguished sob. I shut out all thoughts of Jase. I wouldn’t feel guilty because he needed me. My shift started. It was really painful this time. I could hear myself screaming and groaning in agony I could hear Jase pacing the floor and coming to the entrance. I heard him whisper “oh my god . . . Kat” I saw his fingers on the wood. He was going to come in and then changed his mind. I could hear him rub the wood as if he was rubbing my back when I was sick.

My screaming blended into the noise that completed my shift, I was lying on my side panting and I heard myself make a whining noise as I tried to stand. The wood covering the entrance was ripped away and Jase was talking calmly to me. His voice sounded so controlled but his actions were anything but, he ran both of his shaky hands through his hair “Let me check you over Kat please . . . please let me do this, and then I will leave if you want me too, but I need to see if you are ok.” As he spoke he slowly came towards me. I lifted my head off the ground and I whined some more. “I know baby. I know it hurts” he smoothed my fur and felt down my legs and along my back. I was so tender all over. “Kat baby, I’m going to go and get you a drink and something to eat please stay here, I promise I won’t be long.” I couldn’t answer him and I couldn’t move, so what did it matter anyway.

Jase slowly made his way into the opening. He looked apologetic as he got a bowl and a bottle of water from a bag. He set the bowl down and poured in some water. But that wasn’t what I was interested in, I could smell chicken. My nose lifted and I winced at the pain but I couldn’t do anything other than sniff the air. He settled on the floor close to me “hungry?” I dipped my head a little and he reached for the bag. He pulled out a plastic box and took off the lid and put it on the floor next to my head. I huffed in disgust and Jase picked up the box. “I don’t blame you princess. I wouldn’t want to eat from a bowl either. If I feed you the pieces do you promise not to bite my fingers off?” he looked apologetic. I did an eye roll and Jase took it as a promise. Jase fed me pieces of chicken and when it was all gone I licked his fingers clean. I rested my head on his legs that were stretched out in front of me and he smoothed my fur down with one hand and held onto my paw with the other.

He spoke quietly to me non stop. He told me about when he realised that he had feelings for me and when he was younger how he plagued my Dad to let him be the one to do everything with me. He spoke of the arguments he’d had with his parents because he so desperately hated knowing that we were shifters and thought I should know. How he had come so close to telling me so many times but the consequences were too great, he would’ve been forced to move away and he couldn’t bear to live without me.

He spoke so earnestly from the heart. I lifted my head and looked him in the eyes, gauging if he was telling me the truth. He cupped my jaw and rested his forehead on mine “I freaking love you Kat, I always have and I always will. I know you probably hate me now, but believe me - I hate myself more.” He kissed the end of my nose and stood up. “I’ll leave you now Kat. You’ve probably had enough of me baring my soul to you.” He turned to leave and my wolf whined after him. He turned to face me. “Do you want me to stay?” I dipped my head. Jase sank back to the floor and looked relieved. He went to touch me but I moved away, he looked confused for a moment and then realised that I was going to shift back. He looked concerned and finally said “this will hurt, but not as much as earlier.”

I was braver this time, I clenched my teeth together hard to try and stop the sounds escaping my mouth. I scrunched my eyes closed and thought back to when I was younger, I remembered running around the garden with Jase in hot pursuit, I had just soaked him with the garden hose, the laughter echoed in my head. My memories whizzed by, us watching a scary movie and me hiding my face in his chest and him laughing and calling me a wimp, him consoling me when Ellie died. The images kept coming along with the pain that went with shifting.

He was watching me, I could feel his anguish I opened my eyes for a brief moment and the noise consumed me. I lay on the ground naked gulping in the air trying to clear the burning in my lungs. Jase smoothed away the sweaty hair from my face. He reached over to the bag and pulled out the remains of the water and handed me the bottle. It was nice and cold and soothed the burning in my throat.

He didn’t ogle my body. He kept his eyes on my face “better?” I gave a little nod and sat up. I tried to cover my nakedness with my arms, and Jase took off his shirt and passed it to me. I put it on and held the collar to my nose and breathed in his scent. He shuffled over to me and wrapped his arms around me. He felt my tears soak his chest, he scooped me up and sat me on his lap and gently rocked me.

When my tears stopped coming I twisted so I could see his face “All of those things you said to me, I believe you. I don’t hate you Jase, I never could and I never will.” He kissed me tenderly. There was no passion in this kiss. It was a kiss full of promises that he would never hurt me again.

We stayed in the hidey hole for a long time, just holding one another healing our wounded hearts. When I felt mended enough to face the world I took Jase’ hand and we walked together back to the house. I wrapped his shirt around me and tugged him past the staring faces from the kitchen and led him up the stairs to my room. He filled my bath tub and put in some bubble bath whilst I sat on my bed. When it was ready I tugged off his shirt and walked from my room into the en-suite and climbed in.

Jase stayed be my side and helped to wash away the grim reminders of the past couple of days. I climbed out of the bath tub, his hand steadying me and passed me a white fluffy towel so I could dry myself.

“We could leave you know? We could go together I could get a job and find a place for us to stay” I snuggled into him and breathed in his scent “no Jase, I’m not running.” I felt him relax “so what now?” “Now I go and drink some of my Dads finest whiskey and work out how to make peace with everyone.”



Chapter Nine

I went alone to the games room. Jase had offered to come with me, but this was something that I needed to do on my own. The gym was empty when I went in. I flicked on the lights and switches as I went and filled the room with the familiar sounds that I loved. The room burst into life. My life. I drew in a deep breath and filled my lungs with the familiar smells. Feeling fortified I grabbed the bottle of my Dads finest whiskey and poured myself a large glass. The first couple of sips burned on the way down. I took the glass with me and slowly made my way around the room running my fingers across the pool table as I passed it. Happy memories flooded me and made me feel calmer.

My father came up the stairs and carefully assessed me as he came into the room. He picked up a glass and the bottle of whiskey and came to join me on the sofa. He poured himself a glass and set the bottle down near my glass. I moved my legs and he sat down beside me. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a set of keys and passed them to me. They were house keys, all shiny and new looking. There was a keying attached to the keys, it was a silver letter K. “The house that the guys have been working on is for you.” I frowned and opened my mouth to speak but he cut me off “I’m not trying to buy you Kat, I had already bought it for you. It was for in the future but now I fear that you will leave us, so I’m giving it to you now so you can stay close and take time to decide your future. You can choose to live independently from us or include us in your life.”

He had rehearsed this speech, he had prepared and I had . . . nothing! No words would come into my mouth. “I don’t want to lose you Kat, none of us do. So by giving you this I am hoping that you will stay and that we can sort out the mess that I have created.” I picked up my glass and my hands were shaking, I took a large gulp and let the burn slide away. I passed him back the keys. “Do you want me to leave?” He shook his head and looked at my shaking hands. “No Kat, I don’t want to you to go, I love you but I’m not sure that you will ever forgive me.” I studied his face, raw pain was evident, he was full of regret “I love you too Dad, I want to forgive you, I really do but I have something that I want to say to you.”

He picked up his glass and took a long drink. He nodded and was ready for me to say whatever was on my mind “I’m sorry that I hurt you, something inside of me snapped. The guys made me feel like I’m a prize to claim. I’m not Dad. I never will be.” He looked full of remorse. “Oh princess it was never meant to be like this.” “No? They all want me for what I can give them, a shifter baby.” He shook his head. “No Kat, you are wrong.” I took a slow sip from my glass and my Dad topped it up from the bottle, he was trying to work out what to say.

“They have the knowledge of having a female shifter in their lives; they know that if you truly love them that you can have a shifter baby. None of the guys would want you knowing that you never loved them. The loss would be too great. I think they all want to be the one that you love. They all love you in their own way and display it in different ways.” He gently patted my leg “I know that Ash wants to be a part in your life no matter whom you choose to be with. He knows you don’t feel like that about him and has accepted the fact.” I nodded my agreement “He has already told me that, but would he truly be happy watching me, watching me and whoever I choose, wouldn’t he be wishing it was him?” he regarded me for a moment “Yes I believe he would be happy. He will always be looking for his someone special to share his life with but he has chosen to stay with you and live as part of a pack with you if that is what you choose.” “Lewis told me he was going to leave if Jules is Alex’ mate.” My father nodded “yes, he is finding it hard at the moment. He asked me if I would vouch for him to go with Alex and I have. The other pack will welcome him.” I bit back a sob “Everything is changing Dad” “Yes it is poppet.” He pulled me into a hug and waited for my emotions to calm. “Are you going to be okay Kat?” I said softly “I really don’t know Dad”

The gym door opened and we heard the guys creeping about. “Are you ready for them?” I shook my head. “I want to talk to Anthony. Alone.” One set of feet made their way up the stairs and Anthony crossed the floor. My Dad kissed me on the head and left us to it. I heard him say “Come on guys, Kat needs her privacy.”

Anthony stood near the pool table. I went to him and hugged him. He pulled me close “I’m sorry baby girl, I’m a jerk!” I smiled “I agree, but I need to say some stuff to you and you probably wont like me after.” He pulled away a little “Hey baby girl I will always like you, you know that right?”

I took a breath it was now or never. “I heard you the other night when I was a bit . . . lost. I heard you tell Jase that he was confusing me and that I had said that you were husband material. Ant I know I said those things but I only said them in fun, I said what you wanted to hear. I never meant to hurt you.” He kissed the top of my head and breathed in my scent “I know baby girl, I know. I thought if you heard me, heard me say it in front of everyone then you would know how I feel about you. I’m such a jerk! I love you, but I also know that you don’t love me, I was just hoping that one day you would.” He smoothed my hair down and cupped my chin so I would look at him, I could see the sadness in his eyes and I tried to turn away but he held on. “Is it Jase?” I closed my eyes briefly and nodded.

He rested his forehead on mine. “Does he know?” I shook my head slowly. “Are you sure?” “Ant I” “I know baby girl, scared witless I would imagine but I just needed to check. I’m kind of happy for you, but . . . you know?” I did know. I felt like I was breaking all their hopes and dreams and I were the big bad wolf, so to speak.

He grabbed a glass from the bar and walked over to the little table and helped himself to my Dads whiskey. “I don’t want to lose you Anthony, but I will understand if” he cut me short “don’t even say it baby girl, I’m not Lewis!” He turned to face me. “I can’t help wanting you, but I will try. You will always have a special place in here.” he placed my hand on his on his chest over his heart “Always baby girl, I want to be a part of your life and if that means you truly love Jase and you have children, I want to be a proper Uncle to them.” I could feel tears welling in my eyes, he picked me up and swirled me around. “Is that a yes?” I managed a “yes” whilst holding back the need to sob again. “I know this is a lot to take in but did you accept the house?” I shook my head and bit back my sob. “No I gave him the keys back I don’t” he held a finger up to my lips. “Not now baby girl but in the future you will want it. Can I convert one of the barns so that Ash, Kyle and me can stay close?” I gave a shrug “It’s not my house Ant I can’t say what happens to it.” He was quite for a moment before he said “All of us have been putting a lot of effort into making this house right for you Kat, Kyle, Ash, Jase and me. We have all sworn a pact if you like, and as long as you want us we are your weird family. With or without a baby, it makes no difference to us so long as we all have each other we can get through anything.”

The tears finally fell. I know that they all love me in their own way, they all wanted me for a mate but, could they really live with me and forgo a life of their own? I suspected not but was glad that for now they were all choosing to stay with me. I need them, all of them - to keep me sane.

My stomach grumbled and Anthony smiled. “Come on baby girl lets get you some food.” He caught hold of my hand and led me towards the house. Before we went into the house he pulled me close cupped the back of my head and kissed me, I felt his passion and need but I also felt his acceptance when I didn’t reciprocate. He gently pulled away and had the decency to look a little bit embarrassed. He smoothed my lip with his thumb and cleared his throat. “That is the first and last time I will do that Kat, I promise.” I was stunned into silence and Anthony smoothed my cheek with the back of his hand “I’m sorry baby girl, I shouldn’t have done that” I gave a bob of my head and pulled him close breathing in his scent. “Are we going to be okay Ant? Can you really be happy for me?” after a brief moment he gave a curt nod of his head “Yeah baby, we’re good.” He opened the door and the smell of lasagne filled my nostrils.

We could hear them talking as we went in but soon their chattering stopped. They were listening to see if Anthony was alone. He gave my hand a reassuring squeeze and mouthed “Are you okay?” I took a calming breath and pushed all thoughts of Ants kiss to the back of my mind and we went into the dining room hand in hand. Jase’ eyes were looking directly at our hands and he closed his eyes for a moment he ran a hand through his hair and put on a brave smile for me. Anthony pulled out my seat next to Jase and I thanked him and sat down. My Dad smiled and nodded and my Mum looked stricken. He took her hand gently in his and smoothed it with his thumb.

The lengthy silence was really awkward. “Listen, I’m really sorry guys. Mum I’m sorry for everything that I have put you through.” I saw Jase tense up. I smiled and took his hand then looked around the table “I love all of you guys, each and everyone of you but not in. . . That way.” Ash smiled and nodded to me and mouthed “Thank you” Kyle had a resigned look about him and gave me a quick bob of his head, Anthony winked at me and I turned to Jase.

“Jase you mean the world to me.” He nodded his head but still looked tense. “Jase I love every freaking thing about you.” He looked up at me “I thought you and Anthony.” I shook my head “no, but I was hoping you and me?” he cupped the back of my head and rested his forehead on mine and closed his eyes and whispered “you and me.” I waited for him to look at me. Slowly he looked up and I nodded. I heard his sharp intake of breath followed by a sigh “you and me?” I cupped his face gently and said “is that a yes?” his eyes glittered and swirled and his face lit up “Damn right it’s a yes” He kissed me on the head and lifted me into his lap whispering promises that he would never hurt me again and that he was going to make me the happiest girl in the world. Even though my Family with the strange dynamics were all talking excitedly about our relationship it felt like Jase and I were the only ones in the room. I nuzzled into his neck and drew in his scent and felt Jase doing the same. We both let out contented sighs and beamed a smile for each other.

After we had eaten I cleared the plates and left the guys all talking together with my Mum. I was loading the dishwasher when Kyle came into the kitchen to help. “Are we going to be okay Kat, me and you?” I managed to give him a stern glare, even though inside, my heart was leaping and doing a happy dance “If you can handle me and Jase being together then yeah, well be fine.” There was a bit of challenge in my voice, I guess I was letting him know I would no longer be taking any crap from him over my choice. He nodded his head and smoothed my hair “I’m sorry I made you lose the plot for a while Kitty Kat.” I couldn’t get annoyed when he called me that, he was tying to make me feel normal again. “It wasn’t just you Kyle, I just couldn’t deal with everything all in one go, and my brain was on overload.” He was thoughtful for a moment. “Are you okay now?” I gave a bob of my head “Yeah so long as I have you lot to keep me sane!” We shared another hug and Kyle nibbled on my ear. “Yeah, we’ll keep you sane Kat.”

The guys had made their way into the lounge and my Uncles, Aunts and parents were making their way to the sitting room that they used when everyone was over. I turned on the dishwasher and wiped over the surfaces. Dad came into the kitchen and handed me the set of keys that he had tried to give me earlier “I want you to take these princess” I shook my head but he pressed them into my hand and cupped his hands around mine. “You will need some space every once in a while, some alone time with Jase and I would rather you went to the house where you can lock yourselves away and know that you are safe.” I gave a little nod of my head. My Dad pulled me in close “The guys will get it ready for when you want to move in, but there is no rush Kat, take your time it’s a big step but we will all be there for you, all of us.” He kissed the top of my head. “Now go and have some fun with the guys” I caught hold of his hand preventing him from leaving “Is Mum okay with me?” he smoothed my cheeks with his thumbs “of course she is, she’s your Mum and loves you no matter what Kat. And so do I, it’s our job!” he winked and left the room.

I woke to the sounds of the guys downstairs. After a quick look at my clock I discovered it was just after 7am. I don’t know how they did it, they had all been drinking heavily the night before and now they all sounded in good form. I was feeling a bit sorry for myself. I had washing machine stomach syndrome and a headache. I riffled through my bathroom cabinet and found some tablets.

After a quick shower I shoved on my gym gear. I twisted my wet hair and put it in a clip and went down to grab some of the bacon that was being cooked. Jase was slicing the bread and Kyle was cooking the bacon. Ash handed me a cup of tea when I went into the kitchen and Anthony pulled out a stool for me to sit down. I managed to grunt a “good morning” and “thank you” and the guys joined me for breakfast.

Feeling a little more human after my breakfast we went to the gym for a workout. Anthony went easy on me at first. He had us working on our katas. When we had finished our combinations Ant had us lined up at the punch bags. He had us practicing our punches and kicks on the bags instead of each other. We lined up and Anthony set the bags swinging, we had to dodge the bags and do some rolls, head kicks and low punches.

He told Jase to go on the treadmill. Ash to lift some weights and Kyle was on the rowing machine . . . that left me on the mats with Anthony. He went to the weapons locker and pulled out the pistol and I groaned out loud, his answering smile told me that he was going to enjoy this! “Right Kat, today we will be concentrating on you gaining control of the weapon. You can use any form of distraction that pleases you or me, I will be ready!” he wiggled his eyebrows suggestively and made me laugh. I knew that there was no way I would be removing my top as a form of distraction, ever again.

Whilst I hadn’t managed to gain full control of it, I had managed successfully to knock it from his hands several times whilst he was pulling it from his trousers. The guys cheered and whooped when I had knocked it from his hand and thrown him to the floor and pinned him down. They considered it a win as he couldn’t get to the gun, but - Anthony didn’t!

We broke for a drink and Ant told the guys that my Father would be at the property and would be expecting them to be there around 10am. I went on the rowing machine and watched the guys sparring until they had to leave.

Anthony stayed behind and was sorting the weapons locker. I frowned, this was unusual. “Ant have you been told to stay with me?” He stood from his crouched position, ran his hands through his hair and I knew the answer before he replied. “Sorry, but yeah. Your Dad wants someone with you whilst you . . . adjust” I stopped rowing. “So does everyone get baby sitting services when they first start shifting or is it just me?” He scrubbed his chin with his hand. I closed my eyes and did a sad smile. Ant was looking at me sympathetically when I opened them. “Tell you what baby girl, lets get out of here for a while and do what normal people do for a couple of hours” “oh Ant, take me somewhere that I can get sweaty and dirty” a broad smile lit his face with excitement “so, you want to get dirty and sweaty with me huh?” I smacked his arm playfully “caving should cover all bases”

I gripped the rock face and pulled myself out of the dark cave into bright sunlight. I turned off the little light on my helmet and waited for Anthony to haul himself up. When he was safely out of the cave I removed the rope that was attached to my harness. He sat on a huge rock and pulled his rucksack from his back and pulled out a flask and two plastic mugs. He had made some delicious hot chocolate and it was needed after being in the cold damp caves. “So do you still feel like I’m baby sitting you?” I shook my head and took another gulp letting the heat warm me. “No, thanks for getting me out of there, I needed this.” I pointed down into the hole that we had just surfaced from “I’m not going to go psycho on you Ant; I hate the fact that you all saw me when I was at my worst. It was a lot to take in.” he topped up my thermos cup with more hot chocolate “I know baby girl, and we all want to make sure that you really are okay and that it don’t happen again. I never want to see you like it again, so for now - you are stuck with us 24/7” he smoothed my cheek and turned to put the flask back in his bag.

I took off my knee and elbow pads and shoved them with my gloves into my rucksack and I let the sun warm up my skin and leant back against the rock that Anthony was sitting on. I was just finishing my drink when Anthony jumped off the rock and removed all of his safety gear. He looked at his watch “shall we grab a bite to eat before we go to the house?”

With the rucksacks and equipment loaded in the car Anthony drove to a small little village called Clearwell and parked in a pub car park. We headed inside. It was a lovely old fashioned pub and had old farming equipment hanging as decorations on the walls. There were only a few people inside, so finding a table was easy. The locals were sat around the bar drinking so I chose a small table in one of the windows.

Anthony went to the bar and ordered us our food and returned to the table with a large orange juice for me and a tomato juice. Ant sat down and we talked about the new house. Inwardly I groaned but I could see that he was really passionate about the work that they were all doing. I tried really hard to be enthusiastic and interested, but now I knew it was mine I found it too scary to consider. 17 years old, nearly 18 and expected to move into a house that in effect was in the middle of nowhere with no job to support myself and have babies with my less than a week old boyfriend.

We talked about my worries whilst eating the wonderful steak pie and chips that Anthony had ordered for us. He explained that my father would take care of any bills and that the guys were now employed by my Father and would contribute some of their wages towards food and luxury items that we wanted. He smoothed the back of my hand with his thumb and told me to stop worrying and that everything would work out fine. I only wished I shared Anthony’s optimism.

On the way back to the car a smell caught my attention and I sniffed the air. Anthony froze and I scanned the area, he was here somewhere. Anthony caught hold of my hand and propelled me to the car. I was bundled in and the locks clunked into place. A few choice swear words left my mouth, and I banged the window hard when Anthony disappeared out of sight. He was gone less than a minute and retuned opening the car and climbing in. “His scent was fading and I lost it going into the forest” meaning that he had been there earlier and probably didn’t know that we were in that particular village. I breathed a sigh of relief.

He drove straight to the new house, my house. Instead of slowly making our way along the muddy and bumpy lane Anthony was driving quite fast. I gripped the sides of the seat so hard that my knuckles turned white. When we pulled up beside the house Ant fled from the car and went to find my Father and his Dad.

I grabbed my rucksack from Anthony’s boot and went into the house. My Father was just coming down the stairs, his expression softened when he saw me. “Are you okay princess?” I nodded my head “Yeah I’m fine Dad, stop worrying.” He was now at the bottom of the stairs; he cupped my chin and said so quietly “never princess.” He pulled me in close and gave me a cuddle.

Jase was stood at the top of the stairs “Do you want me to come with you?” Dad shook his head “no Jase I want you to stay with Kat, lock up when we leave” Uncle James and Anthony came into the little hallway, my Father kissed me on the head and left through the front door. Jase made sure that the door was closed and checked that the bolts on the stable style door were firmly in place.

I heard Anthony’s car rev up a little and he sped off doing a little wheel spin as he went. Jase went to lock the back door, again checking that the bolts were in place before he pulled me in for a hug. “It’s all a bit extreme isn’t it?” I said wryly. Jase pulled away and said “No. not really. They want to make sure that you are safe, that’s all.” He tugged on my hand and led me to the lounge door.

“Where’s Kyle and Ash?” Jase ran a hand through his hair. “Jase?” “Uncle Allen picked them up to go and choose some furniture for the lounge.” All I could manage was an “Oh.” “I’m sorry Kat; they just really want to make it nice for you. I told them it was too soon but they thought if the lounge was the first room to be ready you might like to hang out over here and get used to it.” I gave a little smile and pulled him close “It’s ok Jase, don’t worry about it. I guess everyone is really excited about it?” his expression changed to that of an excited puppy for a brief moment and then he calmly said “yeah I guess they are.” “Are you excited about the house Jase?” He tried to look like he wasn’t bothered and said “I’m trying not to be until you are, but I keep imagining us here snuggled up on cold nights on the sofa in front of the log fire.” I smiled now “Jase before I knew who the house was for I saw that fireplace and fell in love with it. In my head I pictured us on a big comfy brown leather sofa watching the flames all snuggled up together.” he gave a mischievous grin and pushed the lounge door open.

I let out a gasp as my hand flew to my mouth “Oh my god Jase.  . . But I thought you said they have gone to get furniture?” His smile was still firmly in place. “Oh they have gone to go and get tables and stuff for in here. I umm, I went with your Dad this morning to chose the sofa and chairs, and he persuaded them to deliver straight away”

Jase looked really pleased with himself as he went to sit on the sofa. He patted the seat next to him and I swung my feet up so we were in our usual positions. It was perfect. Aunt Chrissy’ choice of colours was spot on, the room felt really homely. My hand gently stroked the soft brown leather and a contented sigh left my mouth “Jase I didn’t think it would feel right. But being here like this with you, feels . . . perfect” I turned my head so I could see him and he kissed me passionately leaving me breathless and wanting more. I was beginning to understand my Dad saying that Jase and I would want some alone time, and as we were here alone . . . we had better make the most of it.

Anthony’s car was coming down the lane, we jumped off the sofa and straightened our clothes and Jase smoothed down my hair. He let out a groan of frustration and I muttered curses whilst trying to get my breathing back under control.

“We tracked his scent as far as we could before we got confused with his trail.” I rubbed my temples wearily. “It looks as if he has been here for some time and the trail that we were following split into several directions which would suggest he has been tracking you for some time Kat!” My heart rate picked up in alarm. It was Anthony who spoke “So I’m afraid Kat sitting duties will continue until he is gone” I let out a groan of frustration before saying “Surely he will just give up and move on?” My Father and Jase shook their heads. It was Jase who spoke next “No Kat, he won’t move away whilst there’s an un- mated female in the area.” As soon as he had said it he looked apologetic and came and sat beside me. “I’m sorry Kat, I didn’t . . .” I put a finger to his lips. “Its ok Jase, I know you didn’t mean anything. You were just saying what everyone is thinking.” My Father nodded in agreement “Okay, my guess is that he has picked up your scent throughout the forest and is perhaps trying to find you when you are on your own. He won’t be far away, but rather than waste our time looking for him I’ve decided that it would be better to make some calls and try and find out if he has been to other communities and see if anyone knows who he is”

My Uncle James spoke quietly “Kat it might not be anything to worry about, he might just be showing an interest” I gave a bob of my head to acknowledge what he was saying, he was being logical, if he had wanted to hurt me he would’ve tried when he had the chance.

Dad decided that he was going home and that I was going with him. We pulled up at our house and he parked his land rover in his usual spot. As he climbed out he sniffed the air and when he was satisfied that all was okay he gestured for me to get out. “Is this what its going to be like until I . . .  you know, do the deed with Jase?” My Dad glanced my way and gave a little sigh “unfortunately Kat, yes it is, I’ll go and make some calls and see if we can shed some light on our visitor.” “And if you can’t, what then?” he patted my arm as we made our way to the back door to the house “if I can’t - then I’m afraid we will have to bring in our best trackers to find him and question him”

He unlocked the door and went in before me sniffing the air as he went. “The thing is Kat when Ellie was raped we knew that there was a stranger amongst us and we assumed that he was just someone showing an interest, wanting to get to know her and be considered by her as a mate. Only Ellie had come across his scent which is why it was hard to track him until the baby was born.” “Dad why didn’t Ellie have the baby terminated when she found out she was pregnant?” my Dad guided me to sit on a stool in the kitchen and manoeuvred another so he could sit close to me. He took hold of my hand and smoothed the back of it with his thumb “Ellie had grown up knowing about our kind, she knew the risk she was taking having the baby. She believed that we had evolved and the mating rules would no longer apply. She said that she had the right to bring a baby up surrounded by love even though it wasn’t conceived by love. She truly believed that loving the little one inside of her would be enough” my Dad pulled me into his embrace and held me as I struggled to understand why anyone would take such a risk.

We hit the gym so I could burn off some of my frustration. I jumped on the treadmill and set it on a medium speed, and I watched my father pound the punch bags and I’m sure that he was burning up some of his own anger. I was bringing up Ellie a lot and making him relive the events. It must’ve been hard on him too. I wasn’t sure who would’ve been responsible for killing and disposing the rapist but I figured that Uncle George, Deano and Jake would’ve played an important part in it.

I was finding Ellie’s beliefs and consequent death a bit hard to swallow. If she’d had a termination yes it would’ve been hard but she would still be alive and have the chance to find love settle down and have a baby.  I know that she wouldn’t have been short of male suitors, Uncle George’s boys Deano and Jake would’ve done anything for her along with Alex, Lewis and Anthony.

“Dad I want to go for a run later but I’m worried that my scent will attract the white wolf, can we go somewhere and run together?” My Fathers expression lit up. “Sounds like a plan to me Kat, but how about we all go?” I turned off the treadmill and fetched two bottles of water from the fridge. “I was thinking just you and me Dad” He shook his head. “I was thinking your Mum, and all the guys, Aunts and Uncles, all of us Kat.” I could feel the wolf in me getting excited and I had to steady my breathing. My Dad rubbed my back gently and said “I’ll take that response as a yes princess” I gave a bob of my head whilst panting slowly. My Dad chuckled and said “I’ll arrange it, come on let’s get out of here and go find something to eat.” My tummy rumbled and I felt my wolf subside a little.

My Dad put on the coffee percolator and pulled a large chocolate cake from the fridge, my mouth watered. I grabbed a couple of plates and a knife and cut two large slices. My Dad disappeared into his office and I took mine to my room.

I pulled the earphone from my ear unsure if I heard someone knock my door. I turned my head slightly and listened intently. I made my way to the door and pulled it open to find Kyle leaning against the wall opposite my door with an easy smile on his face. I held it open and he ambled in and sat on my bed. I went and sat near my head board and pulled my knees up close to my chest and wrapped my arms around them. I was a bit worried that Kyle was going to turn this visit into a 50 reasons to go out with him instead of Jase moment but to my surprise he didn’t.

Kyle chatted about his new job with my Father and he was quite excited about it. After he had been in my room for about 20 minutes I realised that Kyle wasn’t flirting with me or giving me suggestive innuendos. It made a nice change, I felt like I had seen a rare glimpse of the real Kyle Taylor and I liked it. As we chatted I could hear the house downstairs filling up with our family members, they were gathering for our run together later. The smells of spaghetti bolognaise drifted upstairs and Kyle smiled. “I can see by the drool hanging from your mouth that you are hungry, come on let’s go and get you some food.” He stood and waited for me to get off the bed and pulled me into a hug before leading the way downstairs to the dinning room where I took my seat next to Jase and Kyle took his seat with his parents.

Jase’ hand found mine under the table and he smoothed the back of it with his thumb. I looked around the room and everyone seemed charged and full of energy. The guys were hyped up and wanting to get out on a run. Jase pulled me close, tucking me under his arm so I could rest my head on his shoulder and whispered “It will be fine Kat, I know you are probably feeling scared right now but I promise I wont leave your side.” Scared wasn’t what I was feeling . . . well okay, maybe a little, but more that that, it was not knowing what to expect. Would I freak out seeing everyone in their alternate forms? Would they accept me in mine? Could I do this? I gave myself a mental shake. Yes! Yes I can do this, this is who I am. I repeated the mantra a couple of times then swallowed the lump that was forming in my throat and decided that I shouldn’t think about it or I ran the risk of bringing on my change.

I could hear my mother’s hostess trolley being wheeled along the hallway to the dinning room, my Father held the door open for Mum to bring it in. She pushed it against the wall and told everyone to help themselves. My Family did it in their usual ordered way. My Aunts collected drinks for their husbands and themselves, then my older cousins helped themselves and then it was Kyle, Ash, Jase and my turn. Jase held up a hand as he always did and fetched me a drink from the trolley, he placed a large glass of orange juice in front of me “Drink, you need to build yourself up ready for you shift later.” I knew that he was right, there was no way that I ever wanted to be in that much pain ever again. I picked up the glass and drained it in one go. Jase nodded appreciatively and refilled my glass.

Mum wheeled another trolley down the hallway, this one was loaded with a big pan of twisted pasta and another pan of bolognaise. The plates were stacked neatly at the side of the pans, and on the other shelf underneath the trolley was a couple of bowls of salad and some buttered crusty bread. My family got the food the same way that they had got their drinks, it was such an orderly fashion, but it worked.

Jase had loaded up my plate and sat next to me with his leg touching mine as we ate. I was beginning to wish that I hadn’t suggested a run with my father earlier. The atmosphere was electric as everyone was finishing off their meals. My Mum was joining in with excited chatter and my Father was sat back looking around the room looking like a proud man.

He stood and addressed the room when everyone had finished eating. “Tonight we will run together as a pack, I am sure that most of you are looking forward to this and I am sure that Kat is absolutely terrified, you have nothing to fear from us princess. We are your family.” I drew in a steadying breath and gave a nod of my head, my inner wolf was gaining control now, and she wanted this. No, she needed this and she needed it now. I felt my breathing change, the air beginning to burn my lungs. I heard my father say one word “Jase!” and then I felt Jase tug on my arm and help me out of the room.

My breathing was speeding up and I was becoming sweaty. I heard Anthony, Kyle and Ash following us out of the house. I was in the first stages of shifting, my breathing was burning my lungs and my joints were beginning to ache. Jase tugged on my trousers and I stepped out of them before dropping to the floor on all fours. Ash Kyle and Anthony stood so that they surrounded me but had their backs to me. Jase removed his clothing and started his own shift next to me.

I closed my eyes and let the inevitable pain take over my body and when the noise was over I slowly opened them to see that Jase was fully shifted and sat watching over me. Oh . . . that wasn’t too bad. I slowly stood and gave myself a bit of a shake, testing if I hurt anywhere. To my surprise I felt good. I cast a glance at Jase, he slowly blinked at me. I tried to smile to reassure him that I was fine and was rewarded with a goofy grin from him. He bounded over and licked my face a few times before rubbing himself the length of my body. What was the protocol here? Was I supposed to rub myself against him? I really had no idea. I guess I should ask him later.

The guys started removing their clothing and dropping to the floor but I wasn’t watching them. Mum and Dad had come outside and my Dad was standing behind my Mum resting his chin on her shoulder and cuddling her as she looked over at me. She was smiling and I heard her say to my Father “oh, she looks beautiful Rob”. I dipped my head at her in thanks and she kissed my father and started removing her clothes. I looked away. Would I ever get used to seeing my family naked? I laughed internally at myself, so I was grossed out seeing my family naked, but accepted them in their wolf forms . . . I smiled to myself, yes, yes I could do this.

My whole family were now coming out of the house to shift. I really didn’t want to see them naked, so I concentrated on cleaning Jase’ ears and nibbling on his neck. He knew of course that I was avoiding seeing everyone in their birthday suits. He even managed an eye roll before offering me his other ear, I bit down on it and felt Jase’ surprise. He nipped at mine and then licked it quick to take the sting away.

With everyone shifts nearing completion I looked around, four wolves approached me and something inside of me recognised them straight away it was Uncle Trevor Aunt Eve, Alex and Lewis. Although colours looked different in my wolf form I could see the light ring surrounding their dark eyes and Aunt Eve had a shiny chocolate brown coat, just like her chocolate brown hair. Uncle Trevor cocked his head to one side; I wasn’t sure what he was asking so I stepped forward and rested my head on his neck. Aunt Eve rubbed herself along my body and so did Alex. Lewis rested his forehead on mine and looked at me for ages. He looked so sad I started to pull away and he licked one of my eyes and rubbed himself along my body. He tried to sniff when he got towards my rear end but Jase’ low rumble was warning enough to Lewis. He dipped his head and backed away to stand with his Mum, she nuzzled into his neck and slowly he stopped looking at me and closed his eyes.

I pushed away my pang of guilt. I wasn’t responsible for any of their feelings towards me, and I had made my choice. I looked at Jase, my magnificent Jase and knew that I loved him with everything that I am. My insides started to do a little dance of happiness, but Jase nudged me and I looked around to see that my family wanted to greet me. It was going to be a long night, and that was before we got to run!

I knew that this was important; it was so I could smell my family and they could smell me. I know that Jase’ scent was stronger when he was in his wolf form. We were kind of marking each other I suppose as each others territory. I got to see what each of my family member looked like as a wolf, and they got to see me. The thought suddenly dawned on me, they all do this in human form one way or another, sniffing my hair, rubbing their cheeks against mine, nuzzling and nipping me with their teeth.

When my Mum approached her eyes were glistening, she looked like she was crying but she was definitely smiling at me. Dad stood along side her and they shared one of those looks that all parents share, one where they have their own private conversation with no words and they understand each other completely. My Mum rubbed herself along my body but as she did she licked me, it was as if she was kissing me as she went. She dipped her head and bounded off and joined my Aunts that were now being surrounded by the males.

Jase nudged me in the side and when I looked at him he licked the end of my nose, Anthony came and stood in front of us. Ash stood on my left side and Kyle was at the back of me. Ant slowly made his way past the gym and up the steep hillside and we walked quietly in our little formation. I kept looking to Jase and he kept giving me reassuring glances and dipping his head. I looked behind and could see that my family walked in a similar formation, the women were completely surrounded by the males as they made their way following us up into the forest. I took a step to my right and walked next to Jase with our sides touching, I needed to feel him next to me, apprehension was starting to get the better of me and I wanted to run. Jase was my rock, he glanced at me and I knew he could feel my rising panic. He nipped at my ear and grinned at me. That was all it took, that simple gesture from Jase and all felt right in the world again. I trusted him, simple. I drew in a breath and continued to follow Anthony into the darkness of the forest.

We had been walking for about half an hour when a huffing noise made Anthony slow down, they guys edged closer to me and we stood and watched my family parade past us. My Father winked as he went by, they all went off into little groups. The females huddled together at the base of an old large tree opposite us and they lay down or sat, they were all facing in our direction. I noticed that Uncle James was one side of the females and Uncle Allen was the other side, both of them were guarding the women. They were glancing around and cocking their heads listening for any imminent danger. Anthony sat down on my left and Jase sat on my right side, when I looked behind I saw that both Ash and Kyle were sitting behind me glancing around. Kyle winked at me when he saw that I was looking and Ash did an eye roll. I dipped my head in thanks and rested my head against Jase’ neck.

A short, sharp, howl made my ears prick up and I was on my feet in an instance wanting to flee, the guys moved with me. Anthony blocked my way and the guys had moved in to protect me. Jase put his paw on mine stopping me from bolting. He gave me a reassuring look and nuzzled into me. I felt my panic subside once more.

Uncle Eric and Uncle Trevor moved so fast, they ran past me and into the darkness, I watched them disappear and then a howl from a different position had them running past us again. I saw my Father make his way through the undergrowth and realised that Uncle Eric and Uncle Trevor were looking for my Father. As they came charging past my Father leapt from his position and shoved Uncle Trevor over, I sat and watched their displays of testosterone and watched how they used their powerful legs to knock each other over and made a mental note in case I needed it in the future.

They were playing a game that reminded me of tag, Lewis was being chased and even my Aunts were joining in with this game. My body was thrumming with excitement and the need to join in was over whelming. I whined a little noise at Jase and his face lit up.

True to his word Jase stuck to my side like glue and Kyle Ant and Ash stayed with me too, they took the brunt of playful attacks and nudged me away or leapt in front to defend me. I saw my Mum and my Dad watching from a distance and they tracked our movements. They looked so proud of me and my guys.

We took on my uncles who were providing a barrier between us and my Aunt Alice. I couldn’t see Lewis or Alex but knew that they would be hiding, waiting for us to break through their defences, I could see Aunt Chrissy and Aunt Eve on my left and Aunt Shannon was on my right. I made a break for it soaring over my uncles and leaving Anthony and the guys to distract them. Jase had made the leap with me and stayed at my side anticipating the imminent attack from Lewis and Alex.

I had nearly caught up with Aunt Alice. She headed towards some heavy undergrowth and I knew that we had been set up for an ambush by Lewis and Alex. Kyle, Ant and Ash had made a break for it and were catching us up, I signalled for them to go behind it and Jase and I ran in front of the undergrowth in the same direction as Alice. My other Aunts were giving chase to us now trying to stop us from reaching Aunt Alice. I could hear Kyle Ash and Ant taking on Lewis and Alex. My insides were responding to all this excitement, I felt powerful, alive and unstoppable. It was a heady intoxicating feeling.

I pushed myself harder and leapt towards Aunt Alice and caught hold of her tail. I was triumphant and made a snorting sound through my nose. My Aunt slowed down and looked so pleased that I had caught her. She turned to face me and kissed the end of my nose and rested her head against my neck. I gave a little nibble on her ears and went to stand with Jase.

Ash wandered close to his Mum and she dapped him on his head with her paw and then rubbed herself down the length of him. As he turned to walk away she swiped at his backside and ran in the direction of Uncle Allen. I watched these displays of love and affection and knew I would never give up my family. I wanted this life. It was the best of both worlds.

I looked around and found my Father watching me, I went to him and he nuzzled my neck and nipped at my ear. My Mum rubbed herself down my side and I turned and rested my head on her. My Dad licked my ear and nudged me away from my Mum and gestured towards Jase. He had wandered into a bit of shrubbery and lay down and signalled for me to join him.

My wolf responded instantly and I ran to join him. I sank down and rolled onto my side so that he could thoroughly wash me. I nipped at his ears and licked them, he was trembling and my body went into little shudders as his tongue slithered its way across my face. He made my body respond in ways that I could never explain. The way he looked at me both as a wolf and as Jase made my toes curl and gave me butterflies in my stomach every time. I desperately wanted to tell Jase that I loved him.

I moved and this caused Jase to flop over, I rested my head on his and hoped that he could see in my eyes what I was truly feeling. His eyes widened and then he closed them and let out a contented sigh. I licked his nose and nuzzled into his neck. Ash, Kyle and Anthony were play fighting in front of us and when they had finished they came to lie down around us but had they their backs to us keeping watch.

My father and my Uncles and cousins took up their positions around the females. Jase, Ash, Anthony and Kyle took up their positions around me, Anthony in front and Jase on my right, Ash on the left and Kyle behind. I guess I was going to have to get used to Kyle looking at my rear after all!

The mood was playful as we made our way back home, Ash would nip at Anthony’s tail or hind leg and they would lift onto their hind legs and wrestle each other to the floor, Kyle would take Ash’s place and walk by my side and glance at me and wink or give me a goofy grin and when Ash and Anthony had joined us again Kyle would automatically fall back to take up his position at the rear. I could see my Uncles behaving in the same manor, nipping and play fighting as we went.

The pack became a tighter unit as we got closer to the house, our feet becoming silent and careful. Anthony set the pace for us. He lifted his ears and cocked his head and sniffed the air as he went. When he was happy that everything was okay he led us back down the side of the gym and to the house.

The guys turned their backs so I could shift back. I glanced to see that my fathers group was holding back at the edge of the forest. At least I didn’t have to shift in front of everyone else, and they guys here with me now were doing a good job of giving me some privacy.

When I could, I grabbed at my discarded clothes and covered my lady bits and ran for the house. Jase held the door open for me. He was naked but had managed to shift before me again even though I started my shift first. I ran up to my room and Jase headed for their changing room. I paused in my doorway and watched him go into the room. He knew I was watching, he clenched his bum cheeks and then did a sexy wiggle that made me laugh.

I went into my en-suite and turned on the shower. I needed to wash away the dirt from under my nails and wanted my hair to smell of strawberries and not wet leaves. I let the water wash away the grime and found myself smiling and feeling relieved that the run had gone well. Inside, my wolf felt contented . . . I wondered if we were two separate things, I mulled it over for a moment and decided that - I am the wolf and that I am contented. I hugged myself and let my mind wander over Jase’ fantastic body.

Feeling a little more human I wrapped my white fluffy towel around my body and one around my hair and went into my room to find Jase sprawled across my bed. He lifted his head and watched me make my way to the mirror. I started brushing my hair when Jase joined me and took control of the brush. He gently pulled it through my hair and twisted it around, grabbed a clip and held my hair in place.

He trailed kisses along my neck and stroked the top of my shoulders gently with his fingers, I reached up and gripped his wet hair with one hand and held my towel in place with the other. He turned me around so that we faced each other. He kissed me long and hard and I responded with eagerness and soon my body was aching for his touch. We were breathless and trembling when Jase moved away and stood in front of my window and ran shaky hands through his hair. He stared out of the window and rubbed his chin or ran his hand through his hair again before saying “oh god Kat we have got to be careful” I waited for him to look at me, when he did I said in my sexiest voice “But what if I don’t want to be careful Jase?” I felt the colour rise in my cheeks.

I had a definite sway to my hips as I made my way to my bed and sat near the head board tucking my feet under me as I went. I pulled a few strands of my hair free from the clip and played with my hair, twisting it through my fingers until Jase had himself under control. He picked up my wet towel from my hair and flicked my arm with it as he went into my en-suite to deposit it in my laundry basket.

Jase joined me on my bed, catching hold of both of my hands and looking shyly at me. My heart rate increased and my insides began to cart wheel. He gave me a decidedly wicked grin before saying “You are so beautiful Kat but you need to put some clothes on now or the guys are going to see you.” Shit . . . I jumped off the bed, ran to my wardrobe dropping the towel as I went. I heard Jase’ sudden intake of breath and when I glanced at him over my shoulder at him he gave me an appreciative look and ran a shaky hand through his hair and growled the word “Damn!” I couldn’t help the satisfied grin that spread across my mouth. I enjoyed knowing that I was getting to him and that he had it bad.

I managed to throw on a top and jeans just before the door was flung open and Anthony came in, he scooped me up, spun me around a lowered me to the floor before depositing a kiss on the top of my head. “How was that baby girl?” I wanted to say disappointing but then I would have to explain that he had just interrupted my attempt at seduction so I opted for “oh god Ant it was amazing.” He pulled me in close and over his shoulder I could see Jase smiling wickedly at me.

Kyle and Ash waited outside of my room, Jase pulled open the door and invited them in. I did have a sense of pride come over me. My guys all together, I was just going to launch into a speech about how lucky I was that they had all decided to stay in my life when I saw Jase look towards my bedroom door. My Father pushed it open and came in. He pulled all of us into his embrace and stood back with a huge smile upon his face “I’m so proud of you guys. You all did an amazing job of looking after my princess. I know that when she is ready to leave and you guys go with her she will be safe. Thank you. All of you” I couldn’t have put it better myself and I hugged them this time. “Now, come on guys, we are having drinks to finish off the evening”

The guys followed Dad out of the room and Jase wrapped his arms around me. “Happy?” I gave a nod of my head as I sank into his embrace. He kissed the top of my head and tugged me from my room to join everyone for a drink.



Chapter Ten

The rest of the week flew by. I had practiced walking in my killer heels, and perfected putting on my make up. I was determined that I was going to be able to dance my butt off at my party, and look good whilst doing so.

In between perfecting walking in high heels and several, failed attempts at seducing Jase, the guys had kept me busy taking it in turns to spend time with me. My Father had insisted. Even though the subject was off limits they didn’t mind reminding me every time that I grouched about not having any time for myself ‘that it was not safe for me to go out on my own.’ The worry of blonde spikey haired boy still played on everyone’s minds although no one had seen him and conversations about him had ceased in front of me. I had heard a hushed conversation between my parents one night when they thought I was either sleeping or listening to my I-pod. The white wolf’s scent was still fresh in the forest indicating that he was still in the area.

I quickly changed into my sweat pants and hit the gym and did a quick warm up session before I set the punch bags swinging. I dodged, kicked and punched my way through them and did a floor roll followed be a fancy flip that got me back upright, straight into jumping kicks on my way back. I loved to hear the chain holding the bags make a noise and see the bags swinging after I had made a powerful move on them. I was in the middle of doing a combination of moves on one punch bag when the hair on the back of my neck began to rise. I steadied the bag and glanced around. I listened and could hear no one around. I shook my head at myself and got back to the punch bag. I gave it a good workout and paused to grab a bottle of water from the fridge and a towel from the shelf. I wiped the sweat from my head and neck and was just draping the towel around my neck when Jase burst through the doors sniffing the air “he’s been here, I thought he’d . . .” he disappeared back outside. I was running across the mats when he came in “Are you okay Kat?” “Yeah I’m fine Jase, what do you mean he’s been here, who’s been here?” Jase pointed to the doors to the gym “he’s been here, the white wolf” Oh crap!

I stepped outside and could smell him really strongly. My mouth went dry and I stumbled. Jase rubbed my back “I thought he’d tried to, you know hurt you” I shook my head “no, I didn’t even know he had been here Jase.” he cupped his hand around the back of my head and pulled me closer so he could kiss it. “Where’s your Dad?” “He’s in the house working in his office” Jase grabbed my hand and pulled me with him, we ran across the grass and he froze by the door to the house. He crouched and sniffed. Satisfied that he had not entered the house Jase led the way in and found my Father in his office.

Once Jase had told Dad that white haired boy had been outside of the gym whilst I was training my Dad sprang into action. He was stripping off his clothes and running to the back door as he went. He literally dropped to the floor and shifted in seconds. Jase ran for the phone and called his Dad. The hunt was on.

My mind went into overdrive and in the space of 30 seconds I had gone through a variety of scenarios, none of them I was too keen on! My stomach clenched and fear started to get a hold.

Jase locked up the house and stayed with me. He had made lunch in an attempt to distract me, but I guess I just wasn’t hungry. “Jase if we mate, he won’t want me anymore, right?” I saw a quick flash of anger cross his face and then he looked disapprovingly at me. “Are you suggesting that we mate - just to stop him from stalking you?” he sounded incredulous. I let out a frustrated groan “No, not to stop him stalking me, but that is his ultimate goal right? To impregnate me, well if we do it, he wont want me. . . . I’m just saying it makes sense for us to do it” I felt his anger rising and could see fury burning in his eyes. I wanted to look away and cower in the corner. His fists clenched and un-clenched a few times and then he calmly said “I want you Kat, I want you so much, but I’ll be damned if we are going to ruin what will be the best first time in my life because some wolf wants you.” He ran a shaky hand through his shaggy hair and turned his full gaze on me “when we make love Kat, it will be because you want me, not because of an inconvenience.” he stomped across the room and went to unlock the door.

A while later, all of my Uncles returned with my Dad in their wolf forms, and once they had shifted back they came into the house. They did not look happy. I turned on the coffee percolator and grabbed the coffee and walnut cake out of the fridge. My Uncles muttered their thanks and grabbed a slice of cake and their coffee’s and disappeared into my Fathers office. I grabbed a drink and went to follow them but the door was already closed firmly into place. I let out a frustrated groan and bit back my own anger. When are they going to start treating me like an adult?

Feeling rejected by Jase and my family I headed into the lounge and switched on the T.V. I found my favourite music channel and got comfortable on the sofa. Jase came in a few minutes later with two pieces of the cake and sank down on the sofa beside me. “Well I guess that was our first argument Kat.” he bumped his shoulder into mine and passed me a piece of cake. “it was hardly an argument Jase, you lost your temper with me because I want you.” He put the plate that he was holding down and pulled me close “Oh Kat, is that what you think? That I don’t want you? I ache with wanting you Kat, I want you more than you can imagine, but not like this Kat. Not just because some guy is trying to gain your attention. I want it to be special.” I snuggled onto his chest happy knowing that I was going to make tonight a very special night for the both of us.

My Uncles and Jase left, so I set my plan into action. I ran a bath and filled it with Jasmine and bergamot scented bubble bath. I shaved my legs and other important places and when I was dry I rubbed in body lotion that matched the bubble bath. I wrapped a clean white fluffy towel around myself and sat in front of my mirror and set to work on my hair. At nearly 18 years of age you would think I would be able to tame my hair, but sadly that wasn’t the case. My hair had a mind of its own, and often liked to play tricks on me. I would blow dry it straight and within half an hour it would curl and become a frizzy mess if it was humid outside. Hair straighteners helped, especially my GHD’s (another prize after winning pool against Anthony). After blow drying it I found my GHD’s and set about taming my hair. I found my spray and parted my hair into sections being particularly careful not to burn my scalp, straightening my hair and smoothing it into style.

I loved the feel of it once it was straight and shiny. The different shades of blonde that were usually mingled together somehow looked like they had been done in a hair salon. Pleased with the overall finish I grabbed my make up and spent ages blending colours that would show off my eyes that shone either blue or green depending on the light. I ringed my eyes with grey/black eyeliner and applied mascara. I fluttered my eyes in the mirror and smiled to myself, Jase was going to have a hard job keeping his hands off me.

I pushed at the clothes hangers in my wardrobe and pulled out a pair of hipster skinny jeans and a low back halter neck top. In my chest of drawers I found the sexiest knickers I possessed and stepped into my clothes, I didn’t bother with a bra. I was going for outright sexy. I tried on several pairs of shoes and decided on my kitten heeled ankle boots. I studied myself in the mirror, Oh yeah he was going to find it hard to keep his hands to himself! Damn, I looked good . . . even if I said so myself.

A quick check of the clock revealed it was nearly four and the guys would be finishing at the house soon. I snuck down the stairs and grabbed a bottle of vodka and a few cans of coke from the dinning room. I shoved my goodies into a bag. I stuck a note on the fridge so Mum and Dad wouldn’t worry about me, I knew that dad would freak about me sneaking off on my own, but there are just some things that your parents shouldn’t know about, and attempting to have hot sex with your boyfriend is definitely on that list, probably right at the top!. I put on my little leather jacket, grabbed my house keys then headed out of the back door.

With my senses on high alert I made my way cautiously to the house, I found myself scanning the area and sniffing to make sure that blonde spikey haired boy wasn’t in the forest. I stuck to the well worn paths that the hikers and visitors used, and made it to the house without any problems . . . thank god.

I hung about by the barns waiting for the guys to leave. I was paranoid that they would smell me and prayed that any scents were being blown away from them. I think luck was on my side as no-one seemed to notice that I was lurking around.

I saw Kyle and Ash get into Uncle James’ Land rover and watched Uncle James drive away. Anthony was shouting that he would see Jase later for training. I smiled to myself, this wasn’t part of my plan, but it was perfect.

Ant slowly made his way along the mud lane and when he was out of sight I ran across to the house and let myself in the front door. I quietly slid the bolt across. I heard Jase upstairs. He had some music on and was whistling to the tune.

I walked on my tip toes so that my shoes didn’t make a noise on the wooden floor and went into my favourite room in the house. It had changed since I was last in the lounge, there was a big flat screen T.V - mounted on the wall. A large pine coffee table sat on the middle of the floor, and the window had some dark brown curtains that were tied back. On either side of the window were little end tables that matched the coffee table. On them were a couple of lamps, the base of each lamp were made of chrome and had tasteful lampshades that matched the darker beige on the feature wall. The sofa and chairs had simple cushions on that matched the paler walls. I was taken aback by how much thought Kyle had put into this room, it was amazing.

I got the stolen bottle of vodka and cans of pop out of the bag and put them on the coffee table. I doubted that there would be any glasses at the house so I opened a can and drank some then topped it up with some vodka. I sat on the sofa and I waited. I smiled to myself as Jase sang his heart out whilst working in a bedroom. After about ten minutes I heard Jase turn the music off upstairs, I could picture his every move from the sounds that I was listening too. He went into the bathroom and was washing out brushes, he was just coming out of the bathroom and he went silent. I could no longer hear his feet on the floor but I could feel him getting closer. My heart hammered in anticipation. I heard him make a little “Mmmmm” noise, he knew I was here.

He opened the door slowly and I watched him take in my appearance, he first looked shocked and then his eyebrows lifted slightly and his eyes shone. A wide smile spread across his face as he closed the distance between us. I stood and wrapped my arms around him. He nuzzled and nipped his way down the length of my neck breathing in my scent as he went. “You smell as delicious as you look Kat” his lips crushed into mine, it was all passion and heat.

My stomach did a whole new dance and it was Jase that was making it. He tugged at my jacket and pulled it down and I shrugged my arms free of it, I heard him make a little gasping sound, or maybe it was me who gasped when his hands stroked the bare skin of my back. His fingers sent little waves of pleasure all over my skin. His hands slid down the length of my arms and he caught hold of my hands and stepped back, the heat in his eyes burned me everywhere he looked. I tugged him towards the sofa but he pulled away “let me lock up, or the guys will be back if they think we are here.” I watched him disappear out of the door.

He had regained some composure when he came back in the room, I handed him a can and topped mine up with some more vodka, and he had a couple of mouthfuls then poured some vodka into his can. He went over to the fire place and opened a box of firelighters and placed them into the fireplace that already had coals in. He struck a match and lit the fire and poked around for a few minutes until it had caught and was chucking out a nice heat. He got himself comfy on the sofa and I kicked off my boots and snuggled into him. Jase was slowing things down now, trying to make sure that we didn’t go too far.

I twisted myself around and pressed myself into him, I nipped and kissed my way along his neck and moved his T-shirt so I could trail kisses along his collar bone, I could feel him tensing up, I needed to back off a little. . . and apply more alcohol!

“The house is starting to look really good. Kyle has made this room look fantastic. I think when we all move here that this room will be occupied with Kyle and Ash watching the latest action films and our special time in front of the fire will be limited” I pulled a sad face and Jase smoothed my hair. “Oh no Kat, their time in front of the T.V will be limited, I intend to spend as much time as possible with you.” He shifted position and leaned in for another breath taking kiss. “When they convert the barn we will make sure that they have the games consoles and a big screen so they will want to be over there and not intruding on our time” he kissed my forehead and stood, holding out a hand for me to take. He led me up the stairs to the room he had been working on. Oh my,. . . had Jase got the same intentions as me? My heart leapt to life and my insides did cart wheels in anticipation.

He slowly pushed the door open and flicked on the lights. The floor was covered in a pale cream carpet and three of the walls were covered in pale cream wallpaper that had a delicate pattern embossed on it and the fourth wall was a deep red that had the same delicate pattern. The lights changed colour and the cream walls reflected the soft colour of the lights. The big double bed was dressed in cream satins and had a deep red runner and matching cushions. Jase walked over to the window and pulled a cord and a roman blind in the same deep red covered the window. “Oh my god Jase it’s beautiful” I stood still and glanced around the room in awe at what he had done in here.

I started to notice the small details in the room, the headboard, runner and cushions all had the delicate pattern from the wall paper. There were two bedside cabinets that had been whitewashed to match the ceiling beams and on then were two cream lamps. The wardrobes and dressing tables had been whitewashed too.

I walked over to the bed and ran my hand over the satin materials. Jase was still by the window, he was smiling I guess my reaction was what he was hoping for. “Jase . . . I’m speechless!” he casually walked towards me, his grin broadening with each step “so, is it fit for a princess?” “Well, this princess loves it. Thank you Jase, thank you for making it perfect.” I lifted my arms to wrap them around him and he picked me up, swirled me around and placed me on the bed. I scooted back so that he could sit on it with me. He lay on his side and propped his self up on his arm. I pushed his hair back off his face, cupped his cheeks in my hands and rested my forehead on his “I think I have just found my favourite room in the house.” He looked genuinely pleased that I had just renamed my favourite room in the house. I snuggled down next to him, pushed up his top so that I could rest my face against his bare chest. Jase sat up and pulled his top off and lay back down. My pulse spiked some more, if he wasn’t careful I might combust before I had my wicked way with him, and that would never do!

I heard myself saying ‘take it slow, take it slow, take it slow’ in my head, but in another part of my head I heard ‘oh god hurry up, oh god hurry up’ my insides tingled and it was spreading throughout my body and making me feel. . . sexy.

My fingers drew small circles across his muscular suntanned chest and I trailed feathery kisses up his chest towards his collar bone and neck. Jase smoothed my already straight hair its full length, then skimmed his fingers up and down the bare skin on my back, the movement made my body quiver in response. Our kisses became almost desperate and his hands explored me through my layers of clothing. “Oh god Jase I love you, I really love you. I don’t want this to stop” his hands cupped my face “I love you too Kat” I rolled so that I was on top of him, I sat up and had my legs straddled on either side of him, he ran a shaky hand through his hair pushing it away from his face and I lowered myself so that I could kiss him some more.

Something deep inside of me was changing, I could feel a fluttering sensation low in my tummy, and my skin was becoming clammy. It wasn’t lust that was making me feel this way, not that I was really experienced in this emotion. It was something more. The sweaty film that clung to my skin was so sweet and floral smelling. Jase’ eyes widened and his nostrils flared as he breathed in the heady sweet scent. He lifted up and nuzzled, nipped and licked my neck tasting and breathing in my scent through his nose “do you truly love me Kat?” I grabbed a fistful of his hair and pulled his head back so he had to look at my face, his eyes scanned mine and I saw a little smile crinkle the corner of his eyes as I kissed him hard trying to show him just how much I loved him. When I pulled away there was energy between us that seemed to bounce from me to him and back again. I opened my mouth to answer Jase, the energy seemed to pause waiting for my response. My wolf stirred, it was as if she was waiting to claim her mate, perhaps she was? I took a steadying breath “Jase Williams I truly love you, you are my soul mate, my now, forever and always. I love you” passion took over, intensifying the heat that was burning between us.

Jase tugged and pulled at my clothes frantically trying to remove them. I pushed my feet into my jeans helping to shove them off. Jase leapt of the bed and dragged them off my legs. He scrambled back onto the bed and crawled over me. His eyes had a spectacular shine to them, I’m sure they twinkled in the light from the lamp. I undid his jeans and freed him of the fabric and Jase pulled off his remaining items and slowly lowered himself on top of me taking his weight on his arms. He breathed in my scent once more before burying himself in me.

Jase was gentle and passionate whilst we made love, he took his time cherishing and worshiping my body. Something inside of me – something soul deep - was connecting to Jase. I felt my wolf stir one more, she wanted this union and welcomed all that Jase had to offer. “Oh god Kat, can you feel it?” I could, I knew in an instant that these feelings were the joining of our wolves. They were mated. My body started shaking as the feelings in my tummy intensified. Jase gently cupped my face “don’t look away Kat, keep looking into my eyes” I couldn’t have looked away from his eyes even if my life depended on it. They swirled and became brighter. I saw so much love in them. It was my undoing. We came together, me crying out saying “I freakin love you Jase” and Jase crying out “oh god Kat I love you”. We collapsed into each others arms and caught our breath.

He propped himself up on his elbow and smoothed my hair away from my face “So . . . you freaking love me?” he was wiggling his eyebrows but gently cupped my face “yes Jase, I do” he kissed me gently on the lips “did you feel it, the power?” “I felt something zipping back and forth, what was that?” he stroked the side of my face and locked eyes with mine “that was you giving your heart to me, the whole giving off that scent before we made love was all part of it, as soon as I could smell that I knew that you truly love me Kat . . . Thank you Kat, thank you for loving me.” I pulled his head down so we could loose ourselves in more passion, but Jase pulled away a little “no regrets?” my answer came between gasps for breath during a long and passionate kiss.

I shifted position and a coppery smell permeated the air, Jase could smell it too. He got off the bed and scooped me up in his arms and carried me to the bathroom, and started filling the very old - but now clean bath. “You knew this would happen, right Kat?” His voice was full of concern for me. I have to admit that the amount of blood was freaking me out a little. I wiped at it again and dropped the yucky toilet roll into the loo. “Yeah I guess” He smoothed my hair “it will slow down after a bath, I um, well I took the liberty of making sure that you would have everything you would need for when we . . . well for when we got together.” He looked a bit embarrassed. My insides leapt to life again “and there it is, one more reason why I love you, you think of everything” It was a strange moment, I should have been really embarrassed at what was happening to my body, but it just felt so natural with Jase there guiding me through it and taking care of all the little details. I would never ever doubt that he truly loves me.

With my hair piled and pinned on the top of my head I relaxed back into the bath and watched Jase organise the things I would need. He carried deep red fluffy towels and white fluffy towels, and he deposited one of each in the bathroom along with some sanitary wear and my clothes. He hung two white fluffy towelling dressing gowns on the back of the bathroom door and handed me some liquid soap. I could’ve kissed him it was Jasmine and bergamot, my favourite. He grabbed a wash cloth sat on the edge of the bath watching me with shiny eyes and a smile on his face. “This is all my dreams come true Kat, you, having a soak in the bath after hot sex and me perving on you.” I flicked water over him and laughed, he was just scooping a handful of water to get me back when he stopped and cocked his head to one side. Oh great . . . my Father was driving his land rover down the mud lane to the house. Jase kissed the end of my nose and went to let my Father in.

I dried and dressed in record time, I guess I didn’t want my Father to know that Jase and me had been intimate, but on entering the lounge where Jase and my Father were sitting I knew that he had worked it out. “Hello princess, I came to see if you would be joining us for tea and training, I also came to tell you how unimpressed I am that you have been wandering around the forest on your own but I can smell that you have been busy.” My Dad had a huge grin on his face. “I am pleased for you both and obviously your Mum will be delighted. I want Uncle Trevor to check you out in a few days - once everything has settled down.” He stood and pulled me into a hug and he patted my back “do you need anything?” He whispered into my ear. I shook my head slightly and he gave me a puzzled look. I whispered “Jase” in his ear and he squeezed me on the shoulder then released me to embrace Jase and clap him on his back. “I have always known that you love and care for my princess and I am pleased that it has worked out for you Jase.” as he took a step back he spotted the bottle of vodka and arched an eyebrow at me. “From now on you won’t be able to drink very much . . . okay?” I gave a bob of my head and Jase stood behind me and wrapped his arms around the front and gently rubbed my tummy. “Yeah Kat it’s not good for the little un” my insides warmed up at the touch of his hands and the thought of having his baby inside of me. I was consumed by an overwhelming love coursing through my veins. My Father cleared his throat and I saw that his nostrils were flaring. I really needed to get my emotions under control!

“Forget any training both of you. I will bring you some provisions. Stay here and enjoy these new emotions of giving your heart to Jase.” he turned to leave and I followed. When we were alone near the front door he pulled me close, kissed the top of my head and smoothed my hair. When he looked at me his eyes were moist and he looked proud. He didn’t say anything. He left looking over his shoulder and grinning as he went.

Jase had drained my vodka and coke can and replaced it with a new can of pop. He had removed the vodka from the room and was re-lighting the fire when I sank down on the sofa. “I was hoping we could’ve kept this just between us for a while but I guess they will all know soon enough.”

Jase came and sat beside me and rubbed my leg. “Kat they will know as soon as they smell you, we have mated now. Your scent is different now that you have chosen a mate. You no longer give off the hormones to attract a male.” I looked down at my hands and begun to twist my fingers together and wring my hands. Jase rested his hands on top of mine. “Before we made love your scent sharpened, and that scent was designed for me to mate with you, an aphrodisiac if you like, just for me. It told me that you were giving your heart to me.” “So, when I was asking you before to make love to me . . . you didn’t because my scent didn’t change?” He gave a nod of his head. “Believe me Kat I wanted too, but I couldn’t risk letting go of my emotions until I was sure. Some wolves don’t get what we have, they mate still not knowing if they are truly their partner’s hearts desire or true love, and because your scent hadn’t changed I wouldn’t risk your life or that of the baby that we created.” He rubbed my tummy affectionately “and now, we are lucky Kat, we know that there is no risk to you or our baby.” He lent forward, gently kissed my tummy and again my veins were flooded with love so strong for Jase and the baby that we had created. Wow, a baby, I smiled and shook my head, I didn’t want to think about this now, this was our time, time to revel in these new emotions and get caught up in the moment.

We heard my Fathers land rover coming along the mud lane and Jase went to let him in. My Mum was with him and was beaming at me as she came into the house. They were so going to spoil their new grandchild when it arrived.

After congratulatory hugs and depositing items in the kitchen they left after we promised to join them for lunch the next day.

Finally alone we snuggled on the sofa together and shared our inner thoughts of our love making. I could see Jase’ eyes shining and swirling with so much more than lust as he described the intensity of our shared moment. My body responded and so many emotions flared through it, filling my veins with heat and desire and need. Jase’ nostrils flared and he wiggled his eyebrows suggestively at me. “why Kat, I do believe you have a need of me again” I giggled and nodded loving the new sexy feeling that was coursing through my body.

Jase scooped me up in his arms and carried me up the stairs, he gently lowered me to the bed and he lay on top of me kissing every inch of my bare neck. He cocked his head and let out a low growl and sat up “Damn them! Perfect bloody timing!” I ran my hands down his chest and gripped his hips. He bent over me and kissed me pulling away when Ash shouted through the letter box. “We come bearing gifts” We tried to ignore them, pulling the satin sheet up over our heads and giggling like small children, but they were insistent. I heard the letter box open again and the smell of pepperoni pizza was drifting up the stairs. My stomach let out an appreciative moan and Jase beamed a smile at me “lets go and feed you two up!” again those simple words had a fierce love flare through my system. Judging by the grin that was on Jase’ face he could either smell it or felt the same way. I would have to ask him later when we had got rid of our house guests.

Jase trotted down the stairs and I followed. He opened the door and Ash stepped through carrying two big trays that were covered in foil, Kyle was carrying some cans of cider and a couple of cartons of fruit juice. “Anthony will be here soon, so we had better save him some pizza or he will be after my blood.” Kyle passed the drinks to Jase and hugged me hard and the patted Jase on the back. Ash stepped forward and nuzzled into my neck and smoothed my hair “I’m pleased for you Kat.” he kissed my cheek and then did a man hug with Jase.

Kyle turned on the T.V and found a music channel. The food was spread out on the coffee table and drinks shared out. Jase went into the kitchen and found a small glass for me so I could celebrate our union with the guys. Ant arrived about five minutes later. Luckily there was still plenty of pizza to go around.

Jase pulled me into our usual seating arrangement and Anthony had the backs of my legs resting on his lap and Ash had my feet on his. Kyle sat on the floor in front of me and it was comforting to know that despite mine and Jase’ relationship changing everything else between all of us was the same. We munched our way through pizza and the guys drank the cider and goofed around as usual.

The guys had all left us at around 10.30 promising to be at my parents for lunch. It was going to be a family affair. I was pleased that they all cared enough to be there for me. I was immersing myself in my thoughts when Jase asked if I wanted to go for a run. My hands automatically went to my tummy and Jase grinned wickedly “It won’t harm the baby Kat, the wolf gene is in its blood, and we won’t go far, we will stay close to the house.” My body wanted this. I could feel sweat dripping down my spine and my hands started shaking. Jase caught hold of a hand led me outside whilst I ripped off my top and tugged at my jeans.

We explored close to the house, luckily I could only smell my family and there were no signs of the white wolf. I felt my body relax and enjoyed running with Jase, my Jase. Even in wolf form he made me feel cherished. He ran at my side, keeping pace with me, giving me looks that made my heart speed up. God I love this man. I saw his nostrils flare and he wiggled his eyebrows at me. I winked and pushed myself a little bit faster heading towards home. Our home - the place where we would bring up our babies together.

I came to a halt when I was close to the house. Jase stood over me, watching and waiting for me to shift back. I thought about how our lives had changed. I imagined what our baby would be like and imagined him to look like Jase. I saw Jase holding him began to panic that my shift would harm the baby. My shift started and my body trembled as I tried to remain in my wolf form. My thoughts became jumbled and fear was gripping me.

I collapsed on the floor after shifting back into my human form making whimpering noises. Jase smoothed the hair off my face. He was kneeling on the floor next to me. “Are you okay Kat?” I licked my lips. “Yeah I’m fine, I guess I was just worrying over the baby that I couldn’t focus on shifting back.” He grimaced “You have been struggling for about five minutes you scared the crap out of me!” He sat and helped me shift position so I was resting on him. I ran my hands over my belly, I didn’t know if everything was okay, but things still felt the same. Jase smoothed my unruly hair back into place and after a few minutes said “are you ready to move yet?” I gave a nod of my head and Jase carefully helped me to my feet.

He gathered up our clothes and led me straight up the stairs to the bathroom where he collected items that I would need and ran me a small bath.

Feeling more human I wrapped the bathrobe around myself and went into the bedroom, Jase was casually lying across the bed. He was wearing his jeans but nothing else. My body responded and I ached to be held by him. “Better?” was I ever, I deposited the dressing gown on the floor and slid under the satin sheet. Jase held me all night. I woke up several times to him kissing my bare skin or nuzzling into my hair. He smoothed my arms and stroked my face, but it was the gentle kisses to my belly that had me awake fully. “Morning birthday girl, it’s nearly eleven, we had better start getting ready or we will be late.” We finally left the bed at twelve and rushed to get ready.

Anthony’s car slowly making its way down the mud lane had us opening the blind and straightening the bed and rushing down the stairs. I grabbed the empty cans from the night before and went into the kitchen. I stopped in awe at what had been accomplished in here; I guess I was too wrapped up in seducing Jase that I never noticed.

The black marble effect flooring was down and wooden carcasses that would soon be kitchen units were in place. The tiling looked awesome. Little one inch squares of earthy tone tiles brought the walls to life. Ants shape filled the other side of the door so I went and let him in. I hugged him hard “Ant” I gestured to the kitchen, “wow! It looks amazing.” He planted a kiss on the top of my head. “It will do when it’s finished baby girl, or should I say birthday girl . . . Right I’ve been sent to pick you guys up, are you ready to go?” Jase came into the kitchen smiling like a Cheshire cat. “Yep ready to go, thanks Ant.” They bumped shoulders and hugged and as I climbed into Ants car and Jase locked up.

When we had pulled up at my parents house Anthony rushed around to open my door as Jase climbed out of the back of the Audi. My Uncles cars were all parked in their usual places and I noticed an arch of pink and white balloons around the back door. His warm hand found mine and we walked into the house with Anthony following.

I opened the door to the dining room to a chorus of ‘Happy Birthday’, and lots of smiling faces. Jase gave my hand a little squeeze and stepped back as my family all stood to greet - hug and wish me well.

I could smell Lasagne cooking and fresh bread, my senses were on overload. I excused myself and went into the kitchen. Several loaves of Ciabatta bread were cooling on the racks and they were still warm, I tore off a huge chunk, spread lashings of butter on it and was just taking my first bite when my Dad came into the kitchen. He gave me a knowing look. “Your Mum couldn’t resist fresh bread when she was expecting you. She only had to smell it and she was gone!” He stroked my face “You enjoy it princess.” He pulled me close and kissed the top of my head “18 years ago you were the best gift possible, and 18 years on you are still bringing joy into my life.” He stroked my face once more and placed his hand on my belly.

“Come on, bring the bread with you, no one will mind and lunch will be ready soon.” He led me back to my seat. I chatted with my family around mouthfuls of bread and was glad when my Mum wheeled in the hostess trolley.

With lunch eaten and enjoyed by all Ash disappeared and came back in the room holding an enormous birthday cake. It was a layered cake, 5 squares, at the bottom a large cake and decreasing in size and the cake got higher. Each layer had different coloured icing and ribbons, and number 18’s in co-ordinating icing covered each layer. On the top of the cake were lit sparklers and candles for me to blow out. I glanced around the room and saw that Aunt Alice was sitting proud, I mouthed “Thank You” across the table to her and she gave me a little nod of the head before mouthing “You’re very welcome.” Everyone burst into the birthday song and when they had finished I blew out the candles and made a wish. Who didn’t right?

We all went into my parents lounge. The coffee table was laden with presents for me. When I was younger I used to love this bit, receiving presents, but now I sat here in my Dads chair and I realized that my life had completely changed in the space of two weeks. I had been just a normal boring girl, with a dysfunctional family, and now I was a wolf, a shifter who was madly in love with Jase, had given her heart to him and was now carrying a baby. I had a ready made family who would stick with me through thick and thin and a dysfunctional family who would help, guide, love and cherish me and any children that I gave birth too. I suddenly felt like the luckiest girl alive.

My Mum handed me a leather folder, it had a red ribbon tied around it. I pulled off the ribbon, opened the folder and found paperwork to the new house. I flicked through and could see that there were the purchase papers, all in my name and approval from the council for the barn conversions. I gave a little sob and tears ran down my face. Mum patted my leg and had an amused look on her face “Well that wasn’t the reaction we were expecting Kat.” She was smiling and shaking her head whilst gathering up all the paperwork and putting it back in the folder. Dad handed me a tissue and put a steadying hand on my shoulder “This is our gift to you princess, we hope that you will be really happy there.” He pulled an envelope from his pocket and handed to me. I slid my finger under and opened it. Inside was a cheque for a considerable amount of money. “We set up a trust fund when you were born and it has matured. This will make your life comfortable and you will want for nothing.” With shaky hands I slid the cheque back into the envelope and stood to hug my parents. I was sobbing. They held me up until I had regained control. I kissed them and whispered my thanks. I lowered myself back into the chair and threatened that if anyone else made me cry today I was going to kick their arse.

Luckily for them I didn’t need to kick anyone’s butt. They had all been really kind, and I made my way through my family thanking them for their wonderful gifts. Jase handed me a small wrapped box. I opened it and let out a little gasp, he dropped to one knee “Kat I know that we are young but I have loved you for a very long time, will you accept this ring and marry me?” The room was silent but I didn’t care who was here watching this. I could only see and hear Jase, my Jase. I gave a little bob of my head and Jase let out a sigh of relief. Cheers erupted from my family and Jase picked me up and swirled me around before kissing me. He slid the ring onto my finger and pulled me into a bone crushing hug.

Mum passed around champagne flutes and Dad popped the top off and poured everyone a glass. Feeling deliriously happy we accepted our thanks to our family as they toasted our happiness together. The day was perfect.

As the afternoon progressed my family slowly drifted to their homes to get ready for tonight. My party and meeting up with Jules, Alex’s female shifter friend and possible girlfriend/mate. I wondered if they had become mates like Jase and me or if they were taking it slowly.

I knew that we were moving fast but, we didn’t have to do the whole getting to know each other first. I looked at my left hand, the ring was beautiful, a simple gold band with a large stone surrounded by lots of little ones. “When I shift will I have to take this off?” Jase caught hold of my hand and ran a finger over the ring. “Yeah you will have to take it off when you shift.” He studied my face. “Are you okay with things? I’m not going too fast?” I pulled him close. “No, you are not going to fast, and yes I’m okay with things.” I went upstairs after kissing him as much as I could with the guys in the room.

I hit the guys showers as I only had a bath in my en-suite, I made sure that I had everything close to hand and was just washing out the shampoo from my hair when my Mum came into the room. “Jase is worried about you Kat, he said you shifted last night and took a while to shift back. How are you feeling?” Oh god, day one and she was already fussing over me. I smiled at my complaint. I liked her fussing over me. I realised the problem was Jase telling on me! “I’m okay. I think I was just worrying about the baby. I wasn’t sure if shifting would hurt it.” “No baby.” she turned into super nurse – complete with super sweet voice and continued to explain things to me “the shifter gene wont harm the baby, you will be safe to carry on shifting right up to when you have a show . . . which is a bleed that will happen usually a couple of days before you give birth. When you are in your wolf form and the baby is bigger it will be harder to jump but you will still be able to run about.”

I ran some conditioner through my hair. “Will I go to the hospital for check ups and things?” “Uncle Trevor will look after your antenatal and will deliver the baby Kat, and I will assist him. You will be under our care and not the care of any hospital.” I gave what she was saying a moment to sink in. “Is it safe to not be under a hospital and see midwives and stuff?” Mum handed me towel. “It is our way Kat. It is perfectly safe, we look after the well being of other expectant shifter Mums and the health of shifters in other communities too” This was a surprise to me. “Really?” “Yeah we do, after you started school I trained to be a nurse and have worked with Uncle Trevor ever since. We cannot be seen by normal doctors Kat. We have the wolf gene and have chosen to live as shifters so, if for instance a normal doctor took your blood for analysis they would detect an abnormality, which of course is the shifter gene and that would cause quite a stir.” “Okay . . . I can see I still have so much to learn!” She patted my arm and gave a sympathetic smile. “Everything will be okay Kat, you are just learning of our ways and taking it all in your stride but if you have any questions you know that we will all answer them as best as we can” “Yeah I know, thanks Mum”

“Oh and Kat - this will not be like a normal pregnancy.” My eyebrows lifted, and she rubbed my arm. “It’s okay, don’t panic. You will be pregnant for about half the time of a normal baby.” I sucked in a breath “why?” “Because of the shifter gene, the best way I can explain it to you is to say that the baby’s normal gestation period is speeded up by the shifter gene. You can expect to have this baby in about twenty weeks time Kat” I rubbed my belly “This is so scary Mum.” “We will do an ultrasound scan in about a week’s time Kat and you will be able to see how this little one is doing.” She patted my tummy and gave a big beaming smile. “Scary and exciting Kat, and I for one am excited” she kissed me on the cheek. “Right I’ll leave you to get ready”

I grabbed my fluffy bath robe and wrapped it around and went to my room. I grabbed my diary and counted on the weeks to give me a due date and worked it out to be the 16th March. It didn’t seem possible. I stood in front of my mirror and studied my tummy. Jase opened my door and came into the room. He stood behind me and slowly pulled off my bathrobe. He dropped it on the floor to the side, and skimmed the side of my knickers with his hands, then wrapped his arms around my front and placed his hands gently on my tummy. My insides flared to life, filling me with such a strong feeling of love and utter joy. I drew in a little surprised breath and basked in the feeling it was euphoric.

Jase smoothed my tummy with his thumbs “when you touch my tummy I get this feeling, deep inside that spreads all through my body” Jase turned me around so that I was facing him. “Is it a nice feeling?” “Oh god yes it is, its amazing, like a fierce love . . . does that sound silly?” He lifted me up and I wrapped my legs around his waist. He walked towards my bed nipping my ear as he went. “Not silly at all, it’s because this baby was conceived when you had just given your heart to me.” He lowered me down on the bed and crawled his way over the top of me. He wasn’t putting any weight on me. He paid lots of attention to my neck and collar bone and then sat up, he was straddled above me and his eyes drifted over my naked body. Oh god I wanted him, but it was so not going to happen given the blood loss.

His nostrils flared and his eyes took on that lovely shine, he bent over to kiss me and I held a hand to his chest. “So. Not. Happening Mr. Williams!” I admonished. He wiggled his eyebrows at me “later maybe?” “But I’m bleeding!” I pulled a face, Jase leant over and gently kissed me on the lips “I’m a shifter, and so are you. A bit of blood isn’t going to stop me from wanting you. And we can shower or bathe after!” “But . . .” He put a finger to my lips “Stop thinking of things in human terms, and forget the sex education that you had at school. Think instinct, pure animal instinct” he beamed a sexy crooked smile at me and wiggled his eyebrows whilst lowering himself so he could nuzzle into my neck. I giggled and squirmed. Jase sat up and cocked his head to one side and let out a little sigh. “Right it looks like I’m going back home to get ready, I will pick you up at 7.30” “You mean Ants picking me up at 7.30?” He tapped the end of his nose and gave me an all knowing look. “No I’m picking you up at 7.30.” He cupped my face and we kissed. He spun and left the room leaving me breathless and wanting more. I groaned out loud and flung my pillow at the door and heard him chuckle as he trotted down the stairs.

I settled on my bed and put on some music. I was feeling a little bit tired but put it down to the late nights and shifting. My Dad knocked on my door. I pulled my earphones out and dumped the I-pod on my bedside cabinet. He pushed the door open and the smell of bread made my mouth water. He looked pleased at my response. “I thought you might like a beef sandwich.” “Thanks Dad” I licked my lips and tucked straight in.

Dad sat on the edge of my bed. “Are you going to move into the house right away?” I shook my head “No, I don’t want to move in just yet, but I would like to stay there sometimes if that is okay? You were right about me and Jase needing some alone time!” “Yes I can imagine. The guys are excited about the house and moving in with you and Jase, but you must tell them to back off if it is too much.” “No the guys are fine, considerate really. They came last night and hung out for a while and then left so we could have some time together.” “They are a good bunch Kat, they will do you proud.” After smoothing down my hair Dad left me to get ready.

I quickly applied my favourite jasmine and bergamot body lotion and put on my dress. I had a look through my various hair accessories and found a fancy clip. I brushed and twisted my hair into place and put in the clip. I plugged in my curling wand and teased some hair near my ears out of the clip. Whilst the wand was heating up I applied silver and charcoal eye shadows and lined my eyes with black eyeliner. I quickly put on some mascara, blusher and found a nice shade of lipstick. The little light had gone out on the curling wand so I got to work making ringlets that would hang in front of my ears and frame my face.

I put on my heeled shoes and stood in front of my mirror. Whilst smoothing t down the dress I twisted and turned in front of the mirror. I grabbed a wide black and silver belt and put it on. It gave the dress a nice look. I found my new bag and put my lipstick and purse inside of it. I was almost ready. I made my way to my parents lounge and found the jewellery set that Anthony had given for my birthday. I put on the silver necklace and bracelet that had little black stones going all the way around. I smiled to myself and thought he really should be related to Gok Wan! It went perfectly with my chosen outfit.

I could hear my parents in the kitchen so I went to grab a can of pop from the fridge. I walked into the kitchen and their conversation stopped as they took in my appearance. “Well Kat, I’d say it is a good job that you have chosen a mate or you would have they guys fighting over you tonight. You look beautiful.” Dad crossed the floor and hugged me. “Thanks Dad, you’re looking very dapper too!” and he was. He always looked powerful and business like and tonight was no different really other than the colour of his shirt and tie. Tonight he wore a deep red shirt and black tie with his tailored suit. “You really do look amazing Kat, where’s the camera Rob?” “It’s in the unit in the lounge Carol; do you want me to get it?” Mum shook her head and went to fetch it herself, squeezing my arm and beaming a smile at me on her way out.



Chapter Eleven

I cocked my head and listened as a large and heavy vehicle approached my parent’s home. My parents wore knowing smiles on their faces. “Jase has organised this Kat, this is all his doing!” I picked up my can and drained it fast. Jase knocked the door and I went to answer it.

He looked so smart he took my breath away. He was wearing black suit trousers a grey shirt and tie and had a black waist coat that made the muscles in his arms look really big. He had put a styling gel in his hair and swept it back on the top, it hung down in little curls all the way round, touching the collar of his shirt. He looked me up and down and ran a hand over his hair. “God Kat, do we have to go tonight? Can we not just go and f” my Father cleared his throat and Jase smiled wickedly. “Kat what I’m trying to say is you look amazing” but the gleam in his eyes already told me that. I ran a hand down my dress “so . . . you like?” “Hell yeah!”

I took the offered hand and Jase led me to the side of the house. My jaw dropped to the floor “Oh my god Jase, that’s amazing. Are we seriously riding in that?” before me was a bright bubblegum pink fire engine. The guy that was driving it climbed out and opened a door for me to climb in. Heavy rock music was playing and inside from the ceiling hung a disco ball and flashing coloured lights lit the inside. There was a mini bar with a neon sign and optics with various drinks in and corner cream leather sofa so we could ride in style. Mum and Dad had followed us out and Mum started snapping photos. Jase pulled me close. “I said I would be picking you up.” He kissed the top of my head and we posed for a couple more photos before Jase gave me a hand to climb in. Although grabbing my rear and squeezing doesn’t really count as helping!

Jase poured me a very weak white wine and lemonade and grabbed a bottle of beer. I noticed that there was a four foot rubber square on the floor and wondered if it was a little dance floor. The driver slid open a little window that separated the main cab from where we were sitting. “Okay guys we are going to be making a move now. When the vehicle is moving can you stay in your seats but when we stop feel free to have a dance.” He slid the window closed and the fire engine started to move.

“Thank you, this is perfect.” “We are going for a little drive together then if it’s okay with you we are going to pick up the guys.” I would have been more surprised if he didn’t let them to ride with us! “You have just made something that was perfect even better.” Jase leant forward and scooped up my legs and lifted them so they rested over his legs. He ran a hand down my leg and lifted my foot twisting it this way and that “I love the look, but can you seriously walk in them?” I gave a nod of my head, omitting the fact that I had pranced around my room complete with a hairbrush singing my head off to see if I could dance in them. “And have I told you that you look beautiful?” I looked up to see his eyes had taken on the shine that I knew was lust. I licked my lips, his eyes followed the movement and he grinned at me some more.

I quickly adjusted my position so I was straddled across his lap, my chest touching his “I’m glad you like it. Now, have I told you how handsome you look?” he shook his head whilst suppressing his smile “Jase you look totally hot, can we not just go and fu” his lips crushed mine he pulled me closer and ran his hands down my back until his hands were on my hips, he gripped them and shifted his position underneath me. He wiggled his eyebrows “what about here?” “So not happening!” he ran a hand over his hair “Damn!” I giggled and pressed closer whispering “later” in his ear, I nibbled it and trailed kisses down his neck.

The fire engine was slowing down I scrambled off Jase’ lap and sat next to him. The little window opened. “So, are you ready for me to make the pick up and then head to the club?” Jase leant forward so he could see the driver. “Yeah that would be great, thanks” he closed the window and Jase relaxed back into his seat draping his arm across my shoulders. He looked pleased with himself, and quite rightly so.

We could hear the guys making whooping noises over the engine noise and music as the driver parked up. Jase kissed my cheek then went to the mini bar and started to get the guys a drink. They climbed in “this is totally epic!” I looked up to see Ash smiling and looking around the fire engine. Jase passed him a bottle of beer and Ash held up the bottle in my direction “Happy birthday Kat” Kyle winked at me “looking hot kitty Kat” he took the bottle of beer that Jase offered and sat on the sofa. Anthony and Jase shared a man hug and patted each other on the back. Ant pulled me up into a hug “looking good baby girl.” He nibbled my ear and trailed kisses down my face. Jase passed him a beer and they all toasted my birthday. The little window opened and the driver spoke “Are we good to go?” the guys did a chorus of “hell yeah!” the driver turned the volume up even more and pulled away. The guys goofed around singing and head banging and playing air guitar as we made our way to the club.

We pulled up outside Lewis and Alex’ club ‘The Rising Moon.’ The guys climbed down first. When I got to the door I could see all my Aunts and Uncles standing around waiting for us. Alex had his arm around a girl about my height. She beamed a beautiful smile at me and tugged his arm pulling him nearer. The guys swamped her, pulling her into hugs and rubbing their cheeks across her head. She was still smiling, so all was good.

I smiled and shook my head and turned to climb down the little ladder to get off the engine. Hands gripped my hips and swung me around, I was dangling upside down over Anthony’s shoulder, and he carried me over to Alex and Jules and deposited me on my feet.

Jules stepped forward and pulled me into a hug “No girl should ever have to ride in a fire engine and not have a fire mans lift! You must be Kat, I’m Jules” I drew a breath through my nose and could smell a delicate floral smell, although it wasn’t strong it made you want to keep breathing it in. it had a soft subtle musk smell mixed in too. I wondered if that was an un-mated female scent and would ask Jase later. “Hi Jules, sorry about the guys I err . . .  well I haven’t house trained them yet!” “Hey no problem, I’m shifter remember, I’m used to this sort of attention.” She ran a hand down my arm and held onto my hand and stepped back to look at my outfit “I am so going shopping with you next time. I love what you are wearing” Oh she is so going to be my new best friend. “Thanks, and I would love for you to come with me next time, but we will have to take Anthony when we go, he is the original Trinny and Susannah with a little bit of Gok Wan thrown in.” Anthony looked pleased with my assessment or perhaps it was the fact that he had just been invited to go shopping with two female shifters.

Jase wrapped his arms around me from behind and rested his hands on my tummy and sent my insides roaring to life. Jules’ nostrils flared and she stood glancing between Jase and me. She suddenly looked embarrassed. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to stare at you guys. Can we talk later?” I gave a bob of my head. “If it’s too noisy in there why don’t you and Alex come over to mine tomorrow?” Alex and Jules both answered together “Yeah we’d love that.” They turned to face each other and I saw such adoration for each other and love in their eyes I knew that Alex would soon have his mate.

My mum had us all standing together for yet more photo’s Lewis stuck his head in the club and a few moments later one of the bouncers came out and was handed the camera ensuring that Mum could be in the photos as well.

We all filed into the club and Lewis said that the drinks for us were on the house. The guys let out a cheer and Ash headed straight for the bar and collected drinks for us. My Father found seats along one side of the club, and we all made our way across to him. I could smell that there were wolves in the club. The hairs on the back of my neck rose and panic started to flare inside of me. Lewis patted my arm sensing my alarm. “It’s ok Kat, come and meet Jordan and Joshua, they are from Jules’ community, they are lending a hand here tonight. They work for us at the other club that we are opening. He led me over to the bar and introductions were made, they, like Jules, seemed down to earth and well - normal. I guess it was me that had to get used to the fact that not everyone was human and that not all wolves were a threat. Lewis gently tipped my face to look at him “are you okay with them being here? I don’t want you feeling uncomfortable Sweet cheeks.” His gaze studied my face and when I relaxed a little he smoothed my cheek and gave a little nod of his head. “Yeah, I’m good. Thanks Lew.” He pulled me closer and kissed my forehead “Good. They are good guys Kat, they wouldn’t be here if they weren’t” I pulled away a little and Lewis held my hand and stayed with me whilst I stood and chatted with them.

I noticed my Father watching us. He seemed perfectly relaxed and was obviously used to meeting with other wolves, but it was still reassuring to know that he was here. Arms wrapped around me. I jumped a little but realised it was Jase and felt myself relax again Jase rested his chin on my shoulder. Lewis gave my hand a little squeeze before releasing it and patted Jase on his back before wandering off and disappearing through a door that said Staff Only.

Jules and Alex were sitting with the family, chatting happily and everyone was getting on like a house on fire. I could hear Aunt Eve asking Jules all sorts of questions, and I saw Uncle Trevor roll his eyes at Alex.

Lewis beckoned Jase away. He squeezed my hand before going behind the bar and disappearing with Lewis through the door. He returned a few minutes later looking pleased with himself. “Okay your birthday present has arrived!” “What do you mean? I thought the ring and ride in the fire engine were my presents.” Jase lifted my left hand to his lips and kissed my finger with the ring on. “No Kat. The ring was not your birthday present!” I lifted my eyebrows. “So what has just arrived then?” he tapped the end of his nose and said “you will have to wait and see!”

One of the bouncers came into the room and announced that he was opening up in 10 minutes. The music up stairs flared to life. Upstairs held another bar and a dance floor. One of the other shifters went up the stairs. He was really broad at the shoulders and had a small waist. His long sleeved black T-shirt clung to his defined muscles. His jeans were close fit and made his legs look powerful. “Are you checking Jordan out?” I felt horrified that Jase would think such a thing “Oh god no, no I was” He chuckled and stroked the side of my face. “its okay Kat I was only playing” “I’m not checking him out in that way, it’s just I can’t believe that everyone I know is a shifter and have really impressive muscles, defined and they look really fit” “I’m not really sure if all shifters workout, I’ve not met enough to say, but your Dad has always made sure that we workout. Jules doesn’t look toned and hasn’t got the muscle definition that you have, so I guess she doesn’t train like we do.” I smacked him on the arm. “Been checking her out have you?” He scrubbed his chin with his hand. “No not like that! She’s young and not mated yet, I guess my wolf was just curious” I experienced a flare of pure jealousy. Anger briefly flashed through veins before I shrugged at Jase and turned away.

Jase turned me back to face him and kissed me. “You’re the only girl for me Kat, always have been and always will be. You know that right?” I did know, but I guess hearing that he had been looking at Jules made me feel a bit jealous. “Jase does her scent attract you?” He shook his head. “No, I thought it would and I wasn’t sure how I would handle that, being in love with you but finding another female attractive, but her scent did nothing for me” I found this news reassuring. “Good, because no-one else’s scent does it for me either!” I ran my hand down his back and pulled him close resting my head on his chest. He rubbed his face across the top of my head and kissed it.

I could see all my family making their way up the stairs, my father gestured for us to go up with them. I think they were making sure they had seats before the club opened its doors to the public.

Jase stopped me before I went up the stairs. “How you are feeling now, is how I felt when you trained with the others or went off with Anthony for the day. I hated feeling like that.” He ran a hand down my arm and held my hand. “I love you Kat, I would never hurt you, never” he tipped my head up and kissed me making me want more.

We went upstairs and found the others. A band was setting up on a small stage area doing quick sound checks, and the D.J was testing his equipment. Jase pulled me in the direction of the band. “Do you remember these guys?” I cast my gaze over the band members. “Oh my god Jase!” I did know this band. I had made Jase take me to see them when they played in Cardiff last year after I’d won a game of pool. Anthony had come too, offering us a lift, he love rock music as much as me.

Jase wore a huge smile. “Happy Birthday Kat” I jumped up and wrapped my legs around his waist and my arms around his back and planted lots of kisses on his face. My dress was now just about covering my bottom, but at that moment I couldn’t have cared less who I was flashing my legs at. Jase made a low chuckle sound and squeezed me closer before lowering my back to the floor “How? How did you organise this?” he tapped the end of his nose before tugging me forward to meet the band members.

The female singer from Access Denied was a petite and pretty little thing, but I knew that looks could be deceiving. She had man handled a member of the public who had climbed on stage whilst they were performing and literally chucked him off, so, kudos to her and no peeing her off.

I shook hands with all the members and thanked them for coming. They handed me a goody bag. I looked inside and was thrilled to find a CD, T-shirt and posters inside and all of the items had been signed by the band. Mum snapped away with the camera and as people started drifting in we made our way over to where my family was sitting.

The D.J hit the lights and the music began to play as the room started to fill up. The different perfumes and aftershaves that permeated the air were a bit overwhelming, but it was reassuring after looking at the guys I wasn’t the only one suffering with it. I gagged a couple of times and Jules suggested we went to the ladies to freshen up.

The toilets small windows were open and cleaning products scented the air but it wasn’t as overwhelming as in the club. “Try breathing through your mouth as much as possible, it will help” I lifted my head from the toilet and managed to smile my thanks but retched again. She rubbed my back. “You poor thing, I’m used to it now after helping Alex in the club, but I can remember when I first came in it had a similar effect.” “it’s never been this bad before” She smiled sympathetically “Ah, but you wasn’t pregnant then” Jules did have a valid point “True” I went to splash water in my face and Jules rested her bum on the edge of the unit the held the sinks.

“How did you know that Jase was your true mate?” I looked at her reflection in the mirror. She was staring at a toilet door and then looked at me. “I didn’t. Well I hoped he was, but I didn’t really know until we were nearly . . . you know” “and that was when you knew? Was it just like my Mum told me it would be?” I made a scoffing sound “At least you know what to expect!” She regarded me for a moment, and said in a soft voice “yeah there is that, but if you didn’t know for sure that you truly loved Jase, why were you going to mate?” I went quiet. “Sorry, it’s none of my business” I felt my cheeks flame but decided that I would tell her about trying to seduce Jase to stop unwanted interest from blonde spikey haired boy. It was only fair that she was aware that he was about.

She blew out a breath after I had finished explaining “So really, you took a gamble?” I shook my head “No, Jase would never have . . . you know, if things were not right” and even as I said it I knew this was true. He would never do anything that would risk my life or that of a baby. He knew about the scent changes and the charged sensation that pulsed between us as I gave him my heart. “Do you think Alex would be able to stop if the signs weren’t there?” I nodded “Yes I do, all the guys have been bought up knowing what will happen if the female hasn’t given her heart, we lost a cousin a few years ago because she was raped by a male shifter.” Her eyes widened and an incredulous look flashed across her face before she regained control of her emotions “I’m sorry.” I patted her arm “Don’t be, just be sure that you love Alex enough so we don’t loose you too.” The door opened and two giggly and probably drunk girls, if the smell coming off their breath was anything to go by, came into the toilets.

Jules held the door open and followed me out. “Thanks Kat” I lifted my eyebrows “I haven’t done anything for you to thank me yet” she smiled her beautiful smile “Yes you have, you have just helped me make an important decision!” and judging by the smile on her face Alex was going to be one very happy guy.

Jase had ordered me an orange juice and patted his thigh wanting me to sit on it. He surrounded me with his arms and whispered “everything ok?” I nuzzled his neck and whispered “I think Jules and Alex are going to get it together.” “Yeah I know, you told me that the other night.” “We have just been talking and well let’s just say her parting words were - you have just helped me make an important decision.” He patted my thigh. “So, she was asking you about us?” Because the band had started playing and even with wolf hearing I doubted he would have heard me, I gave a quick nod of my head. He smiled in understanding and mouthed the words “I love you” and kissed me hard.

Jase stood up and held his hand out to me and led me across the floor. We dodged groups of people bopping about to the band and found some space on the dance floor. All the guys and Jules joined us and we rocked it out for a few songs. A high pitched squeal in my ear had me spinning around. “It is you, God am I pleased to see you guys again, you never came to see me before the season finished. And I see Mr Hottie is with you” Amber looked lovely, she wore a dress similar to the one that Anthony had chosen for me and had her hair piled up on the top of her head. “Hey Amber” I shouted by way of a greeting, and she shimmied her way over to Kyle. Ash nudged my arm and rolled his eyes “Still wondering if she has a hot sister?” Ash made a gesture as if praying to god and I laughed. My eyes widened as I noticed Amber was beckoning another girl to join her.

I made the mistake of breathing through my nose and gagged a little. Jase led me off the dance floor and got me a glass of ice cold water. Jordan rinsed a bar towel in cold water and handed it to me. I patted my forehead with it. I sat on a stool at the bar, Jase stood behind me and wrapped his arms around and rested his hands on my belly. The sickly feeling left and in its wake was a fierce love that I now knew only happened when Jase touched my tummy. The way things were going Jase would have to have his hands permanently attached to my tummy so I wasn’t actually sick.

Feeling better I took Jase’ hand and we made our way through the crowds to the dance floor. Amber did indeed have either a sister or close relative with her. Ash gave me the thumbs up sign and carried on rocking out with her. Kyle was looking amused. Amber had hold of one of his hands and was holding his hand to her hip and moving suggestively. I smiled at him and had to hope that he wouldn’t carry out his threat of getting something out of her that I wouldn’t give him. Jase pulled me close and said “He may be a jerk but he wouldn’t do that, he wouldn’t risk losing his family to be with her.” I gave a nod of my head and danced with Jase. I became that rock goddess, the one from in my room and started to really enjoy myself.

The band played for about an hour and a half before stopping for a break. The D.J took up where they left off and Jase went to buy them all a drink. Anthony swirled me into his arms, the movement had me wobbling on my heels but he held me up. As we danced I noticed that Jules was completely unaware of the people surrounding her, she only had eyes for Alex.

Lewis was rocking out with Kyle and Ash and enjoying the company of Amber and her friend. The D.J slowed down the tempo and played a rock ballad, this had my parents and Aunts and Uncles on the dance floor, we were in a big group on the floor and everyone seemed to be in good spirits.

I started to make my way across the floor to join Jase and the band at the bar but a hand grabbed my bum and squeezed it hard. I turned to see a male, mid twenties leering at me. “If you touch my arse again sweetheart I will make sure that you won’t touch another one tonight” he mumbled something so I turned to walk away. His hand snaked around my front to grab my breast. I quickly caught hold of his hand and yanked him forward and elbowed him in the face as he went by. I twisted my hand as he fell - so the he was flat on his back on the floor and had the heel of my shoe pressed firmly into his throat. “Perhaps I should have made that clearer arsehole, I should have said touch me again and I will make sure you don’t touch anyone again tonight . . . my bad!” He coughed and blood spewed out of his mouth. For good measure I took my foot of his throat crouched over him and said “Keep your hands to yourself in future!” “Fu” I punched him in the face and knocked him out before he finished his sentence. As I stood up my Dad was at my side in an instance closely followed by Jase and the guys. Joshua and Jordan lifted the guy and carried him towards the stairs. “Are you ok princess?” I beamed an innocent smile. “Yeah, I’m good” Dad shook his head and smiled then led me to our tables.

I had just finished telling them what had happened when Amber and her friend bustled over “That was amazing Kat, you will have to show us some moves so we can look out for ourselves.” She looked at Kyle and touched a muscled arm “Although if I had a big strong boyfriend I wouldn’t have to worry about men like that!” She fluttered her eyelashes at him and he did a dramatic eye roll before saying “Kat has a big strong boyfriend and stuff like that still happened to her” She ran a hand down his chest and stopped just before she touched the waist band of his trousers. “Perhaps you could teach me? I think I would like to play a little rough with you!” My Dad nearly choked on his drink, he was coughing and laughing at the same time. When he’d recovered enough to talk he said “I’m sure there are some self defence classes at one of the local community centres girls, you should find out about them” Amber narrowed her eyes at him. “knowing my luck I would end up with a balding fat guy teaching me, just so he could cop a feel” Kyle had a flash of indecision cross his face before saying “I could maybe spare a couple of hours showing you some basic moves” She leant into him and rubbed her chest across his “I’d like that” Kyle stepped away but not before he saw that I was desperately trying not to laugh. He shook his head slightly and Amber tugged his hand leading him back to the dance floor.

Jordan came over and apologised for the behaviour of the guy that had just been escorted from the premises “Pretty nifty moves you’ve got going there Kat, how come Lewis or Alex haven’t got you working for them?” I laughed and he patted me on the shoulder before going back to the bar.

Jase cocooned me in an embrace “Remind me never to grab you in your special places without asking first” he had a wicked smile on his lips “you can grab my special places anytime baby” his eyes took on that special shine and he kissed me passionately.

I felt my hackles rise and I sniffed the air trying to sort out the various smells. I found myself gagging but I honed in on one scent. He was here. I saw my Father stiffen. He had caught the scent too.

My uncles and the males in my family all banded together forming a protective circle around the females Joshua and Jordan had joined the circle of men helping to protect Jules and the female shifters.

My Father and Uncles James broke away and scouted around the club looking for the other shifter. I found it hard to be in a public place acting as if nothing was wrong, but on glancing around I could see that the males were on high alert. They looked like they were chatting to one another with friendly smiles planted on their lips but on studying them further I could see that they were taking in details of everyone around us and passing on their findings. Jules moved nearer to Alex. He ran a hand over her shoulder and bent to whisper in her ear.

My palms were becoming sweaty and it was getting harder to breath. I concentrated on drawing breaths in and out of my mouth. The putrid air was burning my lungs. I focused on staying in my human form but I couldn’t feel the shift easing. On looking around I saw that Amber and her friend had joined us and were chatting away with Jules and the immediate males. I needed to get away whilst I still could. I caught hold of Jase’ hand and gave it a sharp tug. He took one look at me and I saw him say “Oh Shit!” before he scooped me up into his arms. Lewis sprang into action leading the way behind the bar and out of a fire escape. Jase carried me quickly down the metal ladders to the bottom where Anthony, Kyle and Ash were waiting. They ushered Jase and me across the car park away from the normal people and ran towards the alley that led to a disused trading complex.

I was lowered to the floor and my clothes and jewellery were tugged away from my body. The clip holding my hair in place was tossed onto my dress and someone was removing my shoes. Jase was down on the floor with me, using his voice to persuade me to stay in human form. I fought the change as hard as I could but the wolf in me was winning.

I heard Kyle moving away from us shouting something as he went. He was going to the alley way that we had just come through. I glanced at Jase through my tear filled eyes. He smiled and was still talking to me, coaxing me to stay human. I whispered that I was sorry just before my bones began to stretch and my face started to elongate. I heard Anthony barking out orders to the guys and saw that Jase was stripping off his clothes. The noise overtook my senses and I collapsed on the floor in my wolf form.

I heard male voices shouting angrily. It was close and panic set in. I ran in the opposite direction of the noise keeping to the darkness that the disused trading estate could offer. My wolf’s eyes taking every detail in, trying to find an escape route. I turned my head and saw that Anthony and Jase were running slightly behind me keeping pace. The panic eased a little but something was still telling me to keep running and get away.

We were out of the complex and running on the road that trucks would have used. It was lined with hedges and gateways into farm land. Anthony pushed on slightly ahead of me and herded me into one of the fields. Jase moved into position once we were through the open gate and they ran either side of me and gently slowed up the pace that we were running at. We went once around the large field and made our way back to where I had left my clothes.

Lewis, Alex, Kyle and Ash waited in human form for our return. I cautiously made my way closer, flanked by Anthony and Jase. I sniffed the air and my hackles rose. I snapped and growled through clenched teeth. I could smell him.

Kyle stepped forward “Kat you need to calm down, he has gone okay.” Another growl left my mouth and I stamped a paw into the ground in frustration. Kyle took another step closer “He’s gone Kat, I chased him out of the alley and he’s gone.” Jase went to the edge of the alley and sniffed the air. Satisfied that he was no longer a threat Jase walked back to me and rubbed himself down the length of my body. Kyle spoke again. “You need to shift back, we need to get back to the club and make sure that everyone is okay.” I dipped my head in understanding and hoped that Kyle understood me. Ant and Jase stayed in their wolf forms whilst I shifted back and the others moved away guarding the entrances.

I was putting my jewellery back on when Jase and Anthony’s shift was over. They were dressing and I tried to put my hair back into the clip. Jase pulled a few strands of hair from the clip and teased them so I didn’t look like I had been dragged through a hedge backwards. The guys surrounded me as we made our way back to the club and Kyle told us that he gave chase to the guy and that my Dad and Uncle James had joined the pursuit and told him to come back and bring me back to the safety of the club.

Dad and Uncle James arrived back at the club a while after us. He had managed to get away again. His trail had ended at the edge of a road and the conclusion was that he had got in a car. Emotions were running high and I was feeling drained. Amber and her friend picked that moment to drag me onto the dance floor. My guys stood and we moved in unison. On the dance area the guys spread around us in a loose circle and goofed around to make me smile, but I could see them taking in the slightest details of the people around us. I put on a brave face determined to show that I was fine.

After a while Jase tugged me to the bar where we could hear ourselves talk. “Our ride is picking us up in about an hour, do you want to stay or shall I get him here earlier to take us back?” I shook my head “No, he is not going to spoil the efforts that you have gone too to make it a special night.” he cupped my face “apart from the whole big bad wolf turning up thing, has it been a good night?” I wiggled my eyebrows at him “I plan to show you just how much I appreciate your efforts when we get home, but right now I need to get these off” Jase lifted me so I was perched on a bar stool and I slipped off both shoes and rubbed my heels. I would give anything right now to have my flat ballet pumps on!

Jase ordered us some drinks and Ash and his female companion joined us at the bar. Ash was clearly enjoying the attention that she was paying him, she pushed some of his hair back into place and was rubbing his arm as he pulled a bar stool up for her to sit on. He lifted her on and she wrapped an arm around his shoulder. “Kat, Jase this is Jade, Amber’s sister.” Jase whispered in my ear “looks like Ash got his wish then” I beamed a smile at Ash and Jade. “Hi Jade can we get you a drink?” “That would be lovely thank you.”

She asked Jordan for a drink with a strange name and a few seconds later Jordan placed the concoction on the bar. It was bright green. “Good god - what is that?” She took a sip and offered me her glass “Midori and lemonade, want to try it” I shook my head “it looks toxic!” she laughed and offered the glass to Ash, I watched in utter amusement as she held the glass to his lips and he drank. “It’s not bad actually, we must get some Kat you will love it” I held up my glass of orange juice and he had an ‘oh yeah’ expression cross his face.

She looked at the shoes on my lap “Ah, a girl after my own heart, my feet are killing me too.” she bent over to remove her heeled shoes but Ash held up a hand. “Allow me” He ran a hand down her shapely legs and slowly took off her shoes. He put them under the stool and when he stood she pulled him close and said in a giggly voice “I could take you home” Ash blushed and picked up his drink that Jase had ordered.

I could see Jules moving towards me so I slid off the stool and stood at the side of Jase. “Are we still okay to meet with you tomorrow? Only I would love to get to know you better, its hard being the only young female around and I could do with some girly time if you know what I mean.” “That would be lovely, do you think Alex will be up in time for lunch?” she laughed “if food is involved I’m sure he will be.” “Ok meet at mine around 1 and hopefully we can fire up the bbq” she crossed her fingers then hugged me and Jase before heading back towards Alex. I beamed a smile at him and gave him the thumbs up.

The D.J announced that the band was coming to the end of their set. Jase raised an eyebrow and said “Fancy another dance before we go?” I put my shoes on and headed for the floor. My whole family joined us and we took over most of the area. Kyle and Amber seemed to be getting on great and Ash had his hands full with Jades antics. She was attached to him and had her legs wrapped around his waist and had them crossed behind his back.

The band played their final song and we made our way back to the tables that we had taken over and finished our drinks. Dad insisted that Jase and I travel home with them and that we let Ash and Kyle take Amber and Jade home in the fire engine. I knew it made sense but it didn’t stop me from grouching about it.

We left the club all together to try and cause as much chaos as possible in case blonde spikey haired boy was around although none of us could catch a fresh scent. Amber and Jade were helped up into the fire engine and the guys signalled that they would be leaving in a few minutes. My Dad pulled his car up at the side of the fire engine and Jase and I climbed into the back and kept low.

The pink fire engine was drawing a lot of attention from the clubbers. The guy was handing out cards with details of prices and stopping people from climbing aboard. Chaos was surrounding us and it was the perfect opportunity for us to move away from the club. My Uncles and Dad all pulled away in their cars and we made our way home.



Chapter Twelve

Jase was getting comfortable on my bed when I came out of my en-suite. He had already removed his clothes and was just wearing his boxers. He pulled back the quilt and invited me to join him. I grabbed a pair of short pyjamas and shoved them on and joined him in my bed. We snuggled down and I drifted off to sleep quickly with Jase smoothing my hair.

When I woke Jase was gone and the bed was cold. I checked my clock, it was 8.45 am. I groaned. I had only been in bed just over 4 hours. I pulled the quilt up over my head and settled back on my pillows.

Jase woke me up a short while later, but he was forgiven as he came bearing gifts of the food variety. He put the steaming mug of tea on my bed side cabinet and passed me the plate filled with a full English breakfast. When I was tucking into it with gusto, Jase announced that he was going shopping with Anthony to pick up items for the BBQ with Jules and Alex. He suggested that got ready whilst they were gone and that they would pick me up on the way back as Anthony had some things to do at my house. I corrected Jase, from here on in it was to be called our house!

I grabbed a quick shower and packed a holdall with some of my clothes. I was going to make sure that when we had stayed the night at ‘our house’ that I had some clean clothes there so that I could either lend a hand to renovate it or be able to go for a run close to the property.

I carried the bag downstairs and my Father eyed the bag and then looked at me with a raised eyebrow “Are you going somewhere Kat?” I hugged him close “Don’t be daft! You don’t get rid of me that easily. It’s just a few clothes so that I have some clean ones there” he handed me a coffee and indicated that I sit on the kitchen stool. “I see you are ready for a workout” I looked down at what I was wearing “uh huh” “Well from here on in there will be no training unless someone is with you. Got it?” I knew that it would come to this. Blonde spikey haired boy had really got to us all.

Kyle and Ash came in and Kyle told us that they had been to Amber and Jades house to give them a basic self defence lesson. A smile played across his lips. “So are you seeing her again?” He shook his head “No, she’s a bit too hands on if you know what I mean!” he had a wicked grin on his face “they smell Uncle Robert.” my jaw dropped open “that’s not very nice Kyle!” he chuckled, but then his face straightened “no, not like that! The both of them smell of female shifters. It’s weak and covered with more humanly scents, but when she had me pinned to the floor I could smell it in her . . . well, her arousal. I’m telling you, it was an un-mated female scent.” my eyebrows shot up and met my hairline. “I know right! Just my luck! I thought I might get a bit of action and then I got freaked out, made an excuse and we left and came straight here”

My Father rubbed his temples wearily. “Okay, let me get this straight, you lads have been with the two females from the club last night . . . and you’re saying they smell of female shifter?” Ash spoke “Yes Uncle Robert. We took them home and they talked us into going to their house this morning. Their parents were out when we got there and we spent some time showing them some basic self defence moves.” He looked at Dad and me and then continued “ showing them how to throw someone if they attack from behind and stuff like that, and then we did a few judo moves and let them do them to us . . . they both definitely smell of female shifter “ Dad drew in a breath and scrubbed his hand across his forehead effectively covering his frown and smoothing away the deep furrow “Okay lads, lets take this to my office so I can find out exactly what has been going on between the four of you” they followed my Father to his office and I heard the door click firmly into place.

I heard Anthony’s car long before he pulled into his usual parking space. I wondered if my abilities were becoming more finely tuned now that I was shifting more. I would ask my Dad when he wasn’t so busy. But right now I had more important things to talk about.

I rushed outside to fill Jase and Ant in on what had occurred between the lads and Amber and Jade. They both looked shocked at my revelation and Jase said he was going to join them in my Fathers office. He jogged across the garden and disappeared into the house.

I could see by the look on Anthony’s face that his mind was racing. “So they are definitely sisters, right?” “Well you saw them last night Ant, if they aren’t sisters they are definitely related somehow, besides they said they were sisters, why would they lie?” “It can’t be! If a female shifter has a girl first they don’t reproduce again. I was close to them, they didn’t smell any different to regular girls. Did the subject of being shifters come up?” “No, but how could they mention that they are shifters, they don’t know us, they presumably don’t know what we are. It isn’t something you can just drop into a conversation ‘hey love your shoes, by the way I shift shape’ if they had said that to me a couple of weeks ago I would’ve thought they were mad” he made a little scoffing sound and then wrapped an arm across my shoulder “Yeah baby girl, you’re right. And hearing you put it like that makes me realise just how much you have had to come to terms with. Are you truly okay?” I hesitated for a moment before answering “yeah, I’m fine, but I’m going to need my boys to keep me sane!” he pulled me close and wrapped his arms around me nuzzling the top of my head and quietly said “always baby girl, always.” He caught hold of my hand and we walked back into the house and went to my father’s office.

The door was still closed, Ant gave a shrug and tugged me to the kitchen and grabbed a couple of cans of pop out of the fridge. “Ant what happens to the babies of female shifters that have chosen a human mate?” he took a long drink from his can and then lent on the worktop. “I think that is a valid question, but one that I don’t have the answer to.” I pulled the tab off the can and turned the can in my hands. “Ant, if the female is exiled from the community because she is with a human male how do we know what happens to their children? They could be . . . I don’t know how to phrase it in case I cause offence” he placed a hand on top of mine “Kat firstly a female doesn’t get exiled from her family, she makes a choice, and secondly as far as I know the children are just normal” “But that’s my point Ant, no one will know because further contact with the pack ceases the moment she chooses a human male. Their children could be cross breeds or . . . I don’t know hybrids or whatever the right word is for it”

My Dad made me jump. He had somehow managed to make it into the kitchen without me hearing him. “Kat you might just have something there! I will give it some thought and in the meantime the guys are going to be giving the girls some extra self defence lessons so we can try and get a bigger picture. Right you had all better get over to the house as your guests will be arriving soon.” He crossed to the other side of the kitchen and turned on the coffee percolator and get out several mugs “your Uncles are coming here so we can discuss the events of last night and we will also be discussing Amber and Jade. I will throw in your theory Kat and see what they think.” “Will you come later and have a bite to eat with us?” he checked his watch “you guys go and have your BBQ and I will bring take away for tea, how does that sound?” it sounded to me like he was going to be thinking strategies and battle plans for the afternoon with my Uncles “sounds great Dad, see you later.” I stood up and kissed him on his cheek. He rubbed my tummy and said “Make sure you take it easy young lady, you need to rest” I gave a small salute and said “got it! Make sure I’m sitting on my butt chatting to Jules all afternoon whilst the guys do the food and generally become my slaves” Ant chuckled and my Dad said “you got it princess.”

We made our way to the house. Uncle James’ land rover was parked on the gravel and he was coming from the back of the house “I’ve put an old garden table and some chairs out the back for you guys to use, your Mum has just ordered a new set and thought that you could use the old one” “Thanks Dad, that’s great” I hugged Uncle James “Thank you, but I’m sure there was nothing wrong with your old one!” he gave a little chuckle “no princess, nothing at all, but you know what Aunt Shannon is like!” he helped unload the car and came in for a drink.

I heard a car approaching and looked out of the window to see Alex’s red Porsche slowly making its way down the muddy lane to our house. Jase patted my arm and rose to go and greet them. Jules and Alex came in carrying a box filled with bottles of juice, probably from the night club. Jase took them into the kitchen and made drinks for everyone. Uncle James left after he finished his drink telling us that he was needed at my parent’s house.

Jase lit the bbq and we made our way outside. There was a slight chill in the air but the sky was blue and the sun was shining. Ant was fitting cupboard doors to the kitchen units and asked Kyle and ash for some help but as soon as the food was ready they grabbed a plate of food and a bottle of juice and joined us outside.

Jules was easy to get along with and really lovely with it, she was as comfortable in our presence as we were in hers and after an hour in her company we felt as if we had known her for a long time. Anthony, Kyle and Ash flirted and joked with her and she took it all in her stride. I kept glancing at Alex expecting to see annoyance cross his face because of the way the guys were behaving but Alex was looking completely relaxed. I guess they really were used to each others flirtatious ways and he obviously didn’t see them as a threat to their relationship.

I showed Jules around the house and the barns we managed a bit of girl time in the lounge before Jase came to see if we were ok and to mention that they were getting the quad bikes out before it got too dark to ride. Jules’ face lit up and she went off to find Alex.

I sat with Jase and watched Alex and Jules whiz around the track that we had made and smiled when she’d gained the lead by non ethical means. Jase wrapped an arm around my shoulder and pulled me in for a hug.

“So how did it go with my Dad earlier?” Jase ran a hand through his hair. This was something he did when he needed to think about his answer. “He grilled Kyle and Ash about becoming intimate with non shifters and he basically told them to keep their hormones in check!” I arched an eyebrow. “Then, after they assured him that their intentions were to stay with us and that their behaviour was not that of lustful horny teenagers - he listened to them.” “Do you think their intentions were to teach them self defence?” he gave a shrug “I think they got caught up in the moment of having two girls practically throwing themselves at them, who wouldn’t? But I do know that once things started to get out of hand and they could smell the shifter side of them they backed off”

I twisted the ring around on my finger before I looked up “do you think they know what we are?” Jase lifted my hand with the engagement ring on and kissed my finger “Shhh now Nancy Drew, let your Dad handle it. We need to find out if they know what they are before we find out if they know what we are. He will tell us what he wants us to do. He wants Kyle and Ash to spend some more time with them and to get to know them. He wants them to meet with their parents to see if they can find out if it’s the Mum or the Dad who is the shifter. Now you know as much as I do and when I know more, I will tell you.” He rubbed the side of my face and gently kissed me.

Jules’ laughing made us look in their direction. Alex was wiping thick mud from his face and chasing after Jules on foot. She was running towards us shouting over her shoulder “there is the true meaning of eat my dirt!” she shrieked as Alex flung some of the mud in her direction.  Alex tackled Jules to the floor and was wiping his face over hers whilst kissing her.

Anthony, Kyle and Ash made a run for the quad bikes. Ash shouted obscenities at Kyle and complained loudly that he had cheated as they rode off on the quads.

Jules suggested that we go inside as she needed to clean up and would love to sit comfortably for a while. Really I think she was doing her bit to make sure that I was comfortably resting, and I appreciated her efforts. It was getting colder out and the blue skies from earlier were being replaced with heavy grey clouds.

Jules came into the lounge after cleaning up and Alex followed shortly after. I could hear that the guys were still whizzing about on the quads and noticed that Jase was missing. I knew he wouldn’t be able to resist a challenge that one of the guys would have made.

“It’s been great getting to know you Kat, but we had better be making tracks soon. Alex’s Mum has invited us over for tea and I wouldn’t want to upset her.” “Yeah it’s been good meeting you. I hope we can stay in touch?” she leaned over to hug me and whispered “little does he know I’m not planning on going home tonight” I gave her a hug back and when I looked up Alex had a shine to his eyes that suggested he had heard her comment. Oh Alex was going to be in for a treat. He said a quick goodbye and all but pulled her out of the house, she giggled and I could hear her telling him to slow down and that she liked her arm attached to her body.

I sank back on the sofa feeling exhausted. I could hear Jase and Anthony talking about the appliances for the kitchen. Anthony told Jase that they would be arriving tomorrow between 1 and 5pm. I felt a little surge of excitement. Soon I would be able to cook a meal for us.

The guys joined me in the lounge. They all took up their usual positions around me. Ant gently rubbed my legs, Ash traced little circles on my foot with his finger, Jase nuzzled the top of my head and had his arms wrapped around me and I played with Kyle’s hair as he flicked from channel to channel on the T.V.

“What time did your Dad say he was coming?” “He said he would be here later, he didn’t say a time. He’s bringing take away for us.” Just the mere though of food had my tummy rumbling. Jase patted my tummy and my insides flared to life, responding to Jase’ touch. I let out a little gasp and the guys all froze. “What is it Kat?” Ant sounded anxious. I shook my head “nothing, just . . .” They all looked at me now, concern crossing all of their faces. I plastered on a smile and said “relax guys; I just had a fluttering sensation in my tummy, that’s all.” They looked sceptical and Kyle said “It’s probably wind!” “Cheers for that!” I said dryly.

We carried on watching the T.V but I was becoming agitated. My Father still hadn’t showed up and I was hungry. I got up and went upstairs to put away the clothes from the holdall. I looked at the scenery from the window. The forest was calling to me. Calling to my wolf, and she wanted a run.

“Who wants to come for a run?” Jase frowned “are you sure you are up to it?” “I need to do this. I want to be familiar with the area. My wolf wants to explore. We won’t go far and then we will hear Dad when he turns up” the guys shrugged and followed me outside. I drew in the scents of the forest. I cocked my head and listened to make sure that no-one was walking close to the house. My eyes drifted over the tree line and I studied it for a moment. Satisfied that it was okay for me to shift I asked “is it okay?” Anthony gave a curt nod of his head. He was studying the tree line and sniffing the air. He smiled and said “when you’re ready.”

I started removing my clothes but glanced around at my audience. They turned away and let me shift with some dignity. When my shift was complete the guys dropped on all fours and began their shift.

Ant took the lead and the guys fell into formation around me and we made our way in to the tree line at the back of the house. We walked quietly, our feet making as little noise as possible. When Anthony felt we were safe to run he lowered his head and ran at full speed. Kyle and Ash broke ranks and gave chase.

I half jumped onto Jase’ back and nipped at his neck, forcing him down to the floor, he rolled and leapt back onto his feet, tugged my front paw and ran off, I gave chase and heard paws hitting the floor at the side of me, a quick glance to the left and I saw Anthony moving in for an attack. As he leapt I crouched down but carried on running, he sailed above then hit the floor - hard, I darted to the right and used him as a spring board, bouncing off his back.

Feeling pleased with myself, I ran towards Jase. He was waiting for me and when I was close, he ran ahead. Anthony was in hot pursuit. I lowered my head and ran toward the undergrowth that Jase had run past. Kyle and Ash joined the chase, they nipped and nudged my rear and I let out a low growl warning them to back off. They dipped their heads and Ant bumped his shoulder into my side causing me to stumble. Pay back!

A scent stopped me in my tracks. I sniffed the air trying to define it. I cocked my head listening for any sound that would help to identify it. The guys slowed and came to stand beside me and Jase cautiously made his way back to me. He watched me sniff the air. He lowered himself down, making himself small and gestured with his head for me to go to him. I took tentative steps in his direction and the guys walked with the same caution beside me. I followed his gaze and found a deer with her baby. I sniffed again and Jase gave a little bob of his head confirming that the deer was what I could smell.

I watched them for a few moments and moved away, not wanting to spook them. I took a few steps backwards. The female must have caught our scents. She nudged the baby and herded it towards an area that was overgrown. I heard them scampering off.

Jase settled on the floor and I lay with him. The guys carried on their games, they were on their back legs biting each other and trying to knock each other down. They made low growls and were huffing white plumes from their mouths. I watched them, trying to see if this playful fighting was something I could use in my wolf form. I had knocked the white wolf down and pinned him to the floor when he was attacking the guys, but it wasn’t something I had learned, it was just instinct.

Jase licked my ears and face, he nuzzled into my neck and I sighed contentedly. I looked at Jase, his eyes held so much warmth as he cared for me, gently nibbling his way along my neck and back up to my face. I nuzzled into his neck and rested my head on him.

The forest around us was such a peaceful place, I could smell wildlife as I never thought I would, I could hear animals scurrying around and the beat of a large birds wings. I cocked my head trying to listen to the distant sounds; Jase lifted his head and listened with me. He raised an eyebrow, as if questioning if I had heard something, I’d heard Dads land rover making its way to our house.

Anthony nudged Jase and flicked his head to one side gesturing that it was time to move, Jase huffed but rose and had a stretch. I rolled and stood and Ant led the way back home.

The smell coming from the carrier bags literally had me drooling. I rushed past the guys to get closer to the food, I could hear Dad laughing.

I concentrated on my human form; I felt the transformation taking place as my body responded to my thoughts. The shift was painful and I could hear myself whining and could hear the guys joining in. My Father raised his voice “Enough! Back away and let me help her” I opened my eyes enough to see that the guys had taken several steps away and all but Jase had turned to face away from me. Dad was crouched down at the side of me. He held his hand in front of my face and gently smoothed my head. “Its okay princess, you need to relax and let it happen, and when it has, you can eat.” He was gentle and coaxing. He rubbed along my side and placed his hand on my belly. “Let it happen Kat, let’s get this baby some much needed food.” That was all the incentive that I needed. My baby needed food and I was going to provide it. I let out a half groan, half growl and thought about the baby, a human baby growing inside of my human body. I felt my body contort and bones contract and lengthen. Pain, deep pain, ripped through my muscles and bones and I heard grunts and whines leave my mouth but the noise in my head began to drown them out.

I lay sprawled on the floor covered with my Father Suit jacket gasping for breath and unable to move. My hands and arms were wrapped around my belly protectively. Jase wiped my sweaty hair from my face “Are you okay?” I licked my lips and gave a small nod of my head but the movement hurt. “Let’s get her to bed and then you boys are going to tell me why you let her shift without making sure she had eaten and had plenty to drink!” he sounded so stern it made me wince. Jase scooped me up in his arms, the movement made me cry out in pain. “I’m sorry princess, I know it hurts. Just let me get you into bed and you will feel better soon.” He took a step forwards and I gasped and held my breath, not wanting everyone to know how much pain I was in.

He laid me on the bed and collected some underwear and sanitary wear that I needed and helped me with them. He grabbed one of his T-shirts and tugged it over my head and helped pull my arms through the holes. I felt pathetic, but not too pathetic not to notice that he was stark naked. I let my arm run down his muscular back and gripped his bottom. A huge grin on his face replaced the concern that was there a moment ago “Let me get you some food and build your energy back up, you are going to need it!” he had a devilish grin on his face and as he left the room he wiggled his bum cheeks making me laugh and then groan because it hurt. Jase spun on his heels “Are you okay princess?” “Yeah, I’m just peachy!” he ran a hand through his hair before making his way down stairs.

I drifted off to sleep. it was sheer exhaustion. I could hear talking and a beeping sound. I tried to open my eyes but even that was a struggle. I breathed in through my nose. Doctor Brooks was in the room. I forced my eyes to open a little and heard him speak. “Rest easy little un, I’m just checking you over and then I’m going to pop a little needle in to give you some fluids.” I knew I should be arguing with him about sticking a needle in me but I didn’t have the energy to speak. The beeping sound continued and lulled me back to sleep.

Whispered voices got my attention. I managed to clear the blurry vision and saw Jase. “Hey princess. Feeling better?” I licked my lips and breathed in his scent. “Mmmmm better now.” He kissed me gently on the lips and smoothed back some hair from my face. I frowned, the beeping continued. I turned my head and saw that I was rigged up to a variety of machines. I pushed myself up to a sitting position and had some discomfort in my hand. I lifted it and saw that a tube was disappearing under a bandage. I muttered a few curses and my Dad stood in the doorway. “I take it as you are swearing we can all relax as you are feeling better!” “Sorry, it’s just . . .” I lifted up my hand with the tubes and bandage “you know I hate needles!” Uncle Trevor aka Doctor Brookes chuckled “Well Kat, when I have removed them and you are at full strength, and only then, you can kick my arse!” I put on my most chastising voice “And don’t be thinking I won’t Uncle Trev! You know if I had been up to it I would’ve kicked your butt rather than let you jab me!” “Oh I know little un, but if you had been up to it, I wouldn’t have needed too now would I?” I smiled and said “Thank you, I really didn’t feel too good.” Jase cupped my face in his hands and kissed me tenderly again. He rested his forehead on mine “Don’t ever scare me like that again” I closed my eyes and let his scent flood my senses. I had no intention of scaring him or myself like that again. Ever!

I looked around the room, it was daylight. “What time is it? I went to sleep and it was dark.” My Dad stood at the side of the bed and gave my hand without the bandage on a squeeze “I think the question you should be asking princess, is, what day is it?” I frowned and rubbed my forehead “have I missed the take away then?” “Only you Katherine could think about food at a time like this!” he patted my thigh and shouted down the stairs “Anthony get the bacon on, Kats hungry” “I’m on it”

Doctor Brookes stepped closer “I don’t suppose you two will leave us so I can examine my patient?” they chorused “No way” he made a tutting sound and then pulled the quilt back. He laid his fingers on my belly and gently pushed his fingers into my tummy and then changed their position and did it all again. He picked up a little blue box and placed it on the bed. He tugged up my top and pushed my shorts down a little and squirted on a cold gel. He lifted what looked like a little microphone and put it on my tummy and moved it around. I could hear a heartbeat going really fast. Jase gave my hand a little squeeze and was beaming. “That’s our baby Kat. Uncle Trevor wanted to listen yesterday but I asked him to wait until you were awake, I thought you would want to hear it too” Anthony, Ash and Kyle came up the stairs and crowded the doorway. Anthony had cooked me a bacon sandwich and had a steaming mug of tea in the other. He smiled and moved forward putting them on the bedside cabinet.

Doctor Brookes moved the Doppler to another position and the heart beat sounded like it had an echo. He looked at Jase and me and said “That’s your babies heart beats.” I breathed a sigh of relief and rubbed my tummy “So it’s okay? I haven’t hurt it or anything?” Uncle Trevor put the Doppler on the bed and perched on the edge of the bed. My heart beat hard and fast, and fear for my baby gripped me. Jase squeezed my hand hard and was holding his breath and Anthony ran a hand through his hair. “Kat there is nothing wrong so calm down. I said babies as in two! It looks like you are having twins.” Oh. . . A rush of air left my mouth. I guess I was holding my breath.

My Father faltered as he spoke “are . . . are you . . . well sure?” “As sure as I can be, here listen over here” he moved the Doppler. “and over here” sure enough two quiet heartbeats could be heard, my Dad sat on the bed and picked up the little blue box and stared between it and my tummy. Jase spoke quietly to Uncle Trevor “and is everything ok?” Uncle Trevor nodded “Yes everything is fine, and now we know there are two it explains Kats exhaustion” Jase leant over me and hugged me so tenderly “we don’t do things by halves Kat.  . . Twins” he said the word “twins” with such awe I cupped his face “Twins Jase, freaking twins.”

Uncle Trevor placed a hand on my leg “any questions?” “Just one, how?” he chuckled low and hard “I’m sure you have worked out the how Kat. I want to check you again in a week or so, in the meantime, shift a couple of times but don’t over do it, an hour maximum of running around. Make sure you eat straight after a shift and ideally before. Training, keep it to about an hour a day, maximum.” He looked at my Father when he said that. My father nodded “yes Kat, treadmill and light training from now on” I started to complain but Jase held a finger to my lips “he’s not saying you cant train Kat, besides it will give you more of a chance to help get the house ready for when the babies get here” he ran a hand over my tummy and my insides flared to life. A reaction that was definitely Jase’ doing.

Uncle Trevor picked up the Doppler and was about to put it in his bag. “Trevor, can you put it back on so I can hear my grandchildren again please?” My Father looked so proud standing in the room listening to the fast beats of my baby’s hearts.

Dad cleared his throat “Right guys, let’s leave Kat in peace. I want you guys to carry on stopping here until my princess is back on her feet properly.” I had a feeling I had slept away something important. “Why have the guys been stopping here?” My Dad gave a simple shrug and lifted his hand effectively silencing the guys “because they have been worried about you, that’s all.” I lifted my hand effectively silencing the bullshit “let’s cut the crap shall we, how about you tell me what’s really going on!”

Anthony came and sat on the bed and Kyle and Ash moved nearer. Jase tightened his hold on my hand and I knew I wasn’t going to like what he was going to tell me. “You have been basically unconscious for three days Kat, a lot has happened. The white wolf has been scented in the forest close to your house” he paused watching me closely for a reaction. I raised my eyebrows and nodded my head a little. I guess it wouldn’t take long to find out where we lived. The forest covered a large area but all he had to do was follow one of our scents and it would lead him here. “And I have met with Amber and Jades mother.” I shifted in the bed. Now this I was interested in. “she wasn’t very accommodating I’m afraid! It seems she chose her life to be away from pack communities and is insistent that they are left alone to live their lives as humans.” I snorted softly “Do Amber and Jade know that they have the shifter gene?” “I think it’s doubtful given that the mother wants them to live a human life. Anyway I have made it clear we won’t interfere in her life.”

Ash put hand on the quilt and found my foot. He gently rubbed it. An action that I think was meant to comfort me but comforted him at the same time. “I take it that they guys aren’t able to continue to get to know them.” “No, it’s for the best.  . . Right, now Kat, you need to rest.” I arched an eyebrow “So this conversation is over? I don’t get a say in who stays here?” Jase smoothed my hair and whispered “let it go Kat, you are in no state to win any arguments with any of us.” And with that they all went down the stairs.

I pulled the quilt down and attempted to get out of bed. The room spun and the tube that went into the back of my hand pulled. I was in the middle of cursing when Anthony came into the room. “Hey baby girl, you getting all in a tangle?” “If I wasn’t attached to all this. . .” I gestured with my hand to the intravenous drip “I might be able to go to the loo!” a look of understanding replaced the boyish grin and he set to work clamping off the drip so I could take a much needed trip to the bathroom. “I’ll wait outside and walk you back to bed Kat, just to be on the safe side.” Great an escort, just what I needed!

It turned out to be a good thing that Ant waited for me. By the time I had freshened up and brushed teeth and hair I was feeling exhausted again. Ant practically lifted me onto the bed and pulled up the quilt. He reattached the drip and set it running again before he sank onto the bed and pulled me close. “We’ve all been really worried about you baby girl. I will never forget hearing you trying to shift, and then you were out of it for so long, I thought we were going to lose you.” He nuzzled into my neck and breathed in my scent. “I’m okay Ant, just tired. I promise to be more careful when I need to shift. I will eat and make sure I have plenty to drink. You don’t need to worry.” He smoothed my hair from my face and kissed my forehead “I will always worry baby girl. I know you and Jase are together but I will always care about you.” I let out a contented sigh, snuggled onto his chest and promptly fell asleep.

Anthony was gone when I woke and Jase was curled up at my side with his head on my pillow sleeping. He looked so tired, he had stubble across his face and his hair was all dishevelled. I reached over and gently pushed back his hair. His eyes shot open “are you okay princess?” “Yeah, I’m fine. I’m sorry that I frightened you Jase. You look like you haven’t slept for days.” “I haven’t. But don’t worry about me.” I rubbed his face and my fingers found their way to play with his hair. I shifted position and trailed feathery light kisses down his neck and across a shoulder. I glanced at Jase and the shine in his eyes made my insides ache. His nostrils flared, such a simple action that had my heart beating faster.

“Oh god Kat, I thought I’d lost you.” His lips claimed mine, a bruising passionate kiss that made my toes curl and left me feeling dizzy. I trailed my fingers up his arm, his body quivered under my touch, I nipped along his neck, grazing my teeth across his skin, licked his ear and whispered “I love you so much Jase” his hand skimmed across my skin making me gasp in a breath, he chuckled cupped the back of my head and whispered “I love you too but we had better slow down or I wont be able to stop” I nibbled on his ear and whispered “who says I want you to stop?” he pulled back a little “we can’t. You need to get your strength back.” In a husky voice I said “okay so how about I lie here and let you do all the hard work and I just enjoy it?” his nostrils flared again and his eyes were positively twinkling. “Oh god I freaking love you and I’m going to show you just how much” he was a man of his word. We drifted off to sleep in each others arms as the sun was just coming up.

I had clearly forgotten our house guests! I groaned out loud when I heard the guys clanging about in the kitchen. Jase propped himself up on an elbow. He was looking very amused. “Kat don’t worry, if they plan on living with us they will have to get used to it because I plan on doing that or something similar every night of our lives.”I burst out laughing and cupped his face. “You Jase Williams, are a very bad man and have obviously forgotten that in about 19 weeks we will have two very demanding babies to look after.” He wiggled his eyebrows and beamed a smile before straddling my hips and kissing my neck “well in that case we had better make the most of it” I giggled and shrieked. Three sets of feet came charging up the stairs.

Jase sat up and ran a hand through his hair. “Yeah, yeah. I know. Kat needs rest!” he let out a groan and got off me and grabbed a pair of boxers from a drawer and stepped into them. “Do you want some breakfast?” “Mmmmm, hot sex followed by breakfast in bed. Yes please”

Jase opened the bedroom door and the guys were stood outside the room. “I’m feeling a bit embarrassed here guys.” I covered my face with my hands and peered at them through my fingers. “I’m sorry that you had to listen to that.” Kyle had a wicked grin on his face “well that was quite a show Kitty Kat, I’m going to cancel the subscription to the adult channel” I cursed a few choice words and launched a pillow in his direction. Kyle and Ash high fived each other and went down the stairs laughing as I shouted “Jerks” after them. Kyle was still laughing as he replied “Yeah, we know! And Arses”

Anthony stood coolly assessing me, his eyes widened as he took in the crumpled bedding. He shoved a hand through his hair and frowned. He opened his mouth and closed it again, as if he was going to speak but changed his mind. He turned away and looked back at me his expression impassive, gave me a nod of his head and went to join the others.

Jase came back a few moments later telling me that I needed carbohydrates to boost my energy. He handed me a bowl of cereals and put a plate with some toast on my bedside cabinet. “Surely I need protein to make it a balanced diet?” he smiled his sexy smile “You really are feeling better aren’t you? And surely you need fruit not bacon to make it a more balanced diet?” I eyed the toast “I have fruit. You put jam on my toast!” I corrected in a teasing manor. “You got me there princess, okay, bacon coming up”

Uncle Trevor called in before his morning surgery and removed the intravenous drip. He checked me over taking my pulse and blood pressure and had a little feel of my tummy. “Lots of food and rest for you little un. You can get up for a little while and sit downstairs, but no training for another couple of days. Okay?” “Okay Uncle Trevor. I shall be good.” I batted my eyelids and looked a picture of innocence. “You were in a bad way for a while Kat, the drip has replaced fluids and given you a boost but you still need to be careful. You will probably feel like shape shifting, don’t fight it Kat, but make sure that the guys are with you. Ideally I would like to be here for when you change back, just to make sure that everything is okay with you and the babies.” My humour was quickly replaced by concern “do you think there will be a problem?” he gave a little shrug that did nothing to comfort me “I don’t know Kat, that’s why I want to be here.” “I don’t feel like I need to change, but I am worried about it, especially given that it seems to be causing me a lot of pain and then wiping me out completely.” He looked around at the equipment in the room. “We will leave the medical stuff in here until you are back on form Kat.” he looked at his watch “Right, I’d better get to surgery. Call if you need me and I will come.” He bent and kissed me on the head. “Remember what I said. Rest”

Jase ran me a bath once Uncle Trevor left. I heard the beep of horns as Uncle Trevor and Uncle James passed each other on the mud lane that led to our house.

I hurried into the bathroom hoping that I could lock the door as I had no intentions sharing a bath with Jase whilst his Father was here, but he was already stripped and climbing in before I could complain. I mouthed the word “jerk” and climbed in with him, but any other insults died on my lips as he took a foot in his hand and massaged it.

His fingers worked their way up my legs and eased some of the ache in them. I turned in the bath so that he was facing my back, not the most graceful movement in the world! Jase worked his fingers on the knotted muscles in my back and then set to work on my neck. Little sounds of pleasure escaped my mouth as he used small circular movements with his thumbs.

I was jerked out of heaven when uncle James shouted “I hope you two are finished in the tub, the water is off now” I shot forwards and Jase gently pulled me back so that I rested against his chest “Kat it’s fine” I turned my head so I could see him and whispered “no it’s not fine Jase, he knows we are in the bath together!” he was trying not to smile and I was getting annoyed “Kat my parents share a bath all the time, to us it’s normal.” My eyebrows shot up “really?” he chuckled and said “yes Kat, so relax, I haven’t finished with you yet” I could feel the unfinished business pressing into my back and whispered “nuh uh, no chance!” and scooted forwards and turned all in one action.

Jase grabbed the soap and with a smile washed himself, inch by every glorious inch. My eyes followed his hands as he lathered soap across his muscular chest his hands dipped lower, and then lower again. He was watching me - watching him. There was something very, very, sexy about that. He cupped the bath water, lifted his hands to his chest and let it fall. I watched droplets of water fall down his magnificent body and licked my lips. I cursed out loud as my need for him surged to life.

He laughed as he got out of the bath and said “there is something very satisfying in watching you drool over me!” he planted a kiss on the top of my head and began to dry himself. Two could play that game. I slowly made sure that I lathered every part of my body that was visible above the waterline. Jase wrapped the towel around his waist and tucked in the end. Oh, he was enjoying the show that I was putting on just for him!

I felt like the sexiest person in the world. His eyes never left me. I could see passion swirling the dark depths of his eyes and could smell lust in the air. I made a graceful exit from the bath and Jase wrapped me in my white fluffy towel and kissed me leaving me wanting so much more.

“Better now?” I let out a contented “Mmmmm, you can do that again anytime you like” he kissed me and went to go out of the bathroom, and let his towel drop to the floor “I’ll hold you to that Kat.” I watched his naked but very exquisite body head in the direction of our bedroom. Damn his Father and the guys for being here!!

With my lustful thoughts under control and my towel wrapped firmly around my body, I went into our room to dress. I put a brush through my hair and tied it back. I looked in the mirror and didn’t like what I saw. I had dark rings around my eyes and I was really pale. I rubbed my hands across my cheeks to try and give myself a bit of colour.

I made my way down the stairs and joined everyone in the kitchen. Uncle James took in the sight of me and concern flickered across his face before he replaced it with a warm smile. “Go and put your feet up Kat and I will put the kettle on” “it’s ok Uncle James, I will do it, you’re busy” he put an arm around my shoulder and walked me into the lounge “I said I would do it, now sit or I will get your Dad here! Actually he will be here soon anyway” he slipped out of the room and I heard him switch on the kettle.

He joined me in the lounge and put two cups of tea on the table before he sat in a chair. “We are really pleased that you are having twins Kat, Aunt Shannon is so excited, it was a job to keep her away. She’s probably knitting right now!” I smiled as I imagined the squeals of delight that Aunt Shannon would’ve made when she was told the news. “Now, I’m sure everyone is going to be giving you lots of advice and stuff but I need to say this to you” he ran a hand through his hair a trait that both Anthony and Jase had. “When you are being told to rest, it really means sleep, and looking at you now I’m guessing that there wasn’t too much sleeping going on last night” my mouth dropped open and my cheeks turned bright red. I gripped the arm of the chair in an attempt to keep my temper in check. “Now don’t go getting all annoyed with me princess, I’m just making an observation. I will be telling my son the same thing.” I groaned in frustration. It seemed everyone knew that we had had a night of passion!

Jase came and stood in the lounge close to me. He did a dramatic eye roll for my benefit. “Dad, Kat’s really not too weak to kick your butt if you are going to embarrass her like this!” Uncle James smiled and shook his head. “I know Jase, it’s just I don’t think she realises how hard it is on her body carrying twins.” “Oh, I think I’m beginning to realise!” I said drily. He held up his hands to ward off my hostility. “Okay, okay. I’m sorry I’ve embarrassed you, but I’m just thinking of you and the babies. Just be careful poppet, that’s all I’m asking.” I couldn’t help the sarcasm in my voice as I said “All concerns are noted, and I will be careful.” He picked up his cup of tea and left us to it, whistling as he went.

“I guess our sex life and my inability to change from wolf to human are going to be the topic of conversation for a while?” I sighed and ran a hand across my forehead. Jase sank onto the sofa and pulled me close so I could rest my head on his chest.

He rubbed his face across the top of my head and kissed it gently “Yeah, I know that they have your best interests at heart, but they don’t mean to make you uncomfortable talking about us.” He smoothed my hair down. I lifted my head and looked at him “it’s just . . . well private” his thumb smoothed my cheek “we have incredible hearing Kat, they will always hear us when they are in the house. The guys have to stay here until things are resolved with the white wolf and I don’t know about you, but I have no intention of not having amazingly wild nights with you just because they are here.” “Amazingly wild nights huh?” his eyes took on that special shine “incredibly, amazing, wild nights” I breathed in his scent and held a hand on his chest to stop him making advances on me “Nuh-uh! I need rest remember!” amusement lit his face “then rest good today baby because your going to need your energy later” loud groans emanated from the kitchen. Jase wiggled his eyebrows and got up. He passed me my cup of tea and went to join the others.

I lay on the sofa listening to the guys working away. I had been there all morning, drifting in and out of sleep, waking to the noise of power tools and then falling back to sleep when it went quieter. I felt guilty. I could do a bit of painting to help out. I got up and decided that I would argue that I could sit and paint, therefore resting and doing something useful.

I was most surprised to see that the worktops were on and all the cupboard doors were fitted. I had black glossy appliances, even the kettle and toaster matched. Anthony had certainly worked his mojo in here, it looked fantastic.

Jase was wiping down the worktops and removing any sawdust and muck, and Dad was filling up the kettle from the swanky tap that was on the black sink. My Father Beamed at me “you go and sit down princess and I will make you a drink” I leaned a hip against the new worktop “I have been resting for hours whilst you have all been busy, I should be making the drinks and you should all be sitting and resting” he said “but they are not in the early stages of learning to shift and just pregnant with twins, now go and rest, Doctors orders!”

Ash caught hold of my hand and led me to the lounge. I let out a sound of annoyance and heard Jase say “I’ve got another how many weeks of this?” I picked up a cushion of the sofa and flung it through the door “I heard that!”

Jase squeezed on the sofa behind me and smoothed down my hair “We’ve got a fridge full of food thanks to Anthony. Kyle is just finishing putting it away and Ant is just going to get a takeaway he won’t be long. I must’ve slept the sleep of the dead with how much they had done and all the coming and goings! “That’s great, I’m starving.” Kyle must’ve heard me. He came in carrying a bag of jam doughnuts.
We were munching our way through said doughnut when Ant came in. the food smelled delicious, I picked out the various dishes by smelling the air, my tummy let out a groan and with humour in his voice Ant said “blimey Kat give me a minute” Dad went and got some plates, knives and forks and deposited them on the coffee table. Ant put the carrier bags down and the guys helped to sort out the meals. I was handed a plate with three large chicken portions that were coated in spicy breadcrumbs and some spicy potato wedges.

Whilst I was tucking in Anthony told us he had seen Amber and Jade in the village. It was Ash who spoke “did you talk to them?” between mouthfuls he said “Yeah, they were moaning that their Mum had stopped them from seeing you guys” he took another bite “They said that they were going to the lake to clean down ready for the winter.” Ash got a bit fidgety “were they going there now?” My Dad cleared his throat “You have been told to stay away boys, their mother was quite insistent.” “Yeah, I know. I just wanted to see her, I really liked her. We clicked.”

My Dads gaze shifted to Kyle and he raised an eyebrow. An unspoken question hung in the air “I don’t know Uncle Robert, she really annoying, really full on and in your face if you know what I mean, but I do like her, and I hate that I have been told I cant see her.” Uncle James spoke “it would benefit the pack to know more about them, but given that the mother left her pack we have no right to interfere.” I had an idea “but if we went out for a jog and say . . . went by the lake?” Dad looked at me, studying my face “I had no idea my daughter was so devious.” I snorted “You have no idea!” he smiled “Obviously!! Okay, I like Kats idea. Eat up and you four get your gear and go for a jog. I want you back here by 3.30pm. We still have a lot to do.” I sank back on the sofa “So what am I supposed to do whilst they are gone?” amusement played across his lips “How about you go to bed and actually go to sleep?” Great!

Shouting woke me from my peaceful sleep. It took me a moment to realise that it was my Father. Instantly fear ran through my veins because he rarely shouted, and I had never heard him bark out orders like he was doing now.

I flung the quilt off and ran down the stairs and skidded to a halt in the kitchen. Uncle James was running for the tree line in wolf form and Dad was locking the doors to the house. “What’s going on dad?” “Kat it’s nothing for you to get worried about. Pop yourself back upstairs.” “Dad for Christ’s sake, tell me what is going on!” he ran through the houses and slid the bolt across the front door. He went around checking that all the windows were in place. “Shit, it’s him isn’t it?” the Alpha in him chose that moment to shine through “Kat, go upstairs now! Do not open the door to anyone and stay inside!” I backed away with my head lowered. God I hate the whole Alpha thing! Once out of his glare I ran upstairs slammed my door closed and flung myself on the bed. I grabbed a pillow and found myself punching it. Anger surged through my veins, invading my every fibre.

I realised the low growling noise was coming from me. I took deep slow breaths to try and calm myself down but the anger was too deep rooted and too consuming. With a shaky hand I pulled open the drawer of my bedside cabinet so I could grab my I-pod. I shoved in the earphones and turned up the volume.

I concentrated on the music and tried to stop the panic that was building up. What had happened to make Uncle James shift and run and my Dad bolt the doors? My breathing was coming out in short gasps. The air was burning my lungs and pain flared all over my body. My joints ripping apart and my face ached so bad. I flipped onto my hands and knees and heard myself cry out. I could feel my waistline elongating and felt the ripping of my skin as my tail exploded from me. The noise was so loud and hurt so much I prayed it wouldn’t go on too long. The ground shifted and I knew I had changed into my wolf form.

I went to the door and could go no further. In my fit of temper I had slammed it shut and effectively caged myself in. I paced across the floor and back to the door again and again. I jumped up to look out of the window and cocked my head listening to . . . nothing. The forest had gone quiet. I paced some more and caught sight of myself in the mirror. I had a vain moment and twisted and turned checking myself out. Well who wouldn’t? I pulled away from the mirror and gave myself a mental shake. Now wasn’t the time to be looking at myself, although even I had to admit I looked good.

I let out a huff of frustration. I didn’t know what was going on, and had no way to find out. Uncle Trevor wanted to be here when I shifted back and to be truthful I didn’t want to shift without someone with me. I didn’t have many options I wasn’t about to turn into an untrained house dog and chew my way out, so I decided to curl up on the bed and wait until someone came.

I heard Dad and Uncle James close to the house. They were talking quietly to one another. The barn door opened and I heard heavy chains being moved. Finally the key slid into the lock and my Father shouted to let me know he was coming in the house. “Kat, where are you?” I jumped off the bed and went to the door. I heard him say “Shit, hang on princess I’m coming” he ran up the stairs and pushed open the door and rushed in. The white wolf’s scent permeated the air causing my hackles to rise and a low warning growl to escape my mouth. Dad took a step closer and I snapped and snarled baring my teeth. “Katherine enough!” I lowered my head and my snarling slowly stopped. Dad knelt on the floor and held his hands out to me “It’s me princess, let me take a look at you” I sniffed his hands and snorted in disdain. “I know darling. I reek! Can you wait until I call Trevor?” I gave off a little mumble and bobbed my head. I hope he understood that as I will try he stood to leave me and I couldn’t help the whine that came from deep within. “I need to call Uncle Trevor Kat.” I settled down and rested my head on my paws and watched my Father leave the room.

I waited a while, but curiosity got the better of me and I used my newly honed skills of walking without making a sound, and left the bedroom. The stairs were a bit tricky, but by the time I had made it to the bottom of them I realised my Dad was no longer in the house and he had left the door wide open.

I silently made my way to the barn. I listened and heard flesh hitting flesh and a gruff voice say “I’ve already told you, I didn’t take her!” flesh met with flesh once more “Christ! What are you going to do beat me to death? I didn’t take her” I froze, not sure whether to run back to the house or stay and find out who had gone missing. My Fathers cool voice drifted back to me “Your scent was all over the place. Now where is she?” “I don’t fuc . . . oof” the chains moved and Uncle James spoke “We are very patient people and can inflict a lot of pain whilst we wait for an answer” he cried out in pain and was breathing hard. I stepped to the opening and saw that a chain was wrapped around his wrists and attached to a beam in the roof and his feet were chained together and the chain was attached to the floor. They were stretching him. His anguished gaze pinned me to the spot “Tell them, tell them I never hurt you.” I backed away from the barn and paced whilst I got my head back in the right place.

Uncle James came out and wiped sweat from his head before running a hand through his hair. “Uncle Trevor is on his way. Are you going to be okay?” I really didn’t know if I was ever going to be okay again after nearly two weeks of hell, but I dipped my head and let out a huff. Uncle James grabbed hold of the barn door and started pulling it closed “Best if you go back in the house Kat, you might find this upsetting.” The door gave off a little creak as he pulled it closed.

His scent was so strong. It was in the air and drifting towards me. Wait? My senses went on high alert and my hackles rose. I crouched down low and slowly made my way to the back of the barn. I heard a weapon being cocked, I had to act fast. I raced around the corner launching myself at him. He fired the gun and pain exploded in my shoulder. I crumbled before I hit him and he sprinted towards the tree line, blindly firing the weapon over his shoulder as he went. Sounds drifted in and out I heard my Dad shouting “Noooo!” and then darkness claimed me.

The familiar beeping noise was starting to piss me off. I forced my eyes open and blinked everything slowly into focus. “She’s back with us . . . Hey little un, I’m just going to give you some pain relief.” He lifted my hand and pointed to the tube coming out of the back of it. I winced and gave a slight nod of my head.

Mum appeared at the side of me and held a glass of water to my lips. “Take a little sip baby, just enough to wet your mouth a little” she lifted my head a tiny bit and pain rolled through my body causing me to gasp, even the sudden intake of breath hurt. She lowered my head back onto the pillow and picked up a piece of sponge and dipped it into the glass and wiped it across my lips. “Is Dad okay? And” I licked my lips “And Uncle James?” Mum cupped my face in her hands “they are fine, not even a scratch, where as you . . . you nearly got yourself killed. What were you thinking?” “Where is Jase?” “Shhh now, try and get some rest. He’ll be back later.” She nodded at Uncle Trevor and he squeezed the syringe full of liquid into the tube and I tried desperately to fight the sleep that was claiming me.

I inwardly groaned. Sleep had won. The machine was beeping steadily and I could detect no-one in the room. I concentrated on my hearing. “Begging to let him go, he said that he will help search.” “No way. I don’t trust him. We gave him a chance to tell us what he knew and he didn’t. He waited until my daughter was shot before telling us. He can rot in hell for all I care” “They will be back soon and they need to eat and rest. Allen and Eric will be here soon” “Okay, grab something to eat and a drink. Alex and Lewis are on their way back from Jules’ community and they are bringing Jordan and Joshua with them. They are going to help track him. When they get here we will head out. I’m going to check on Kat.”

I opened my eyes as he entered the room. He gave me a warm smile, but it didn’t reach his eyes. “I didn’t know you were awake. Do you need some pain killers?” I licked my dry lips but I couldn’t moisten them. My Father ran a wet sponge over then and applied some petroleum jelly on them. He picked up a glass of water and helped me lift my head so I could take a sip. “It hurts Dad. I hurt so much. “ he grabbed a syringe that was already filled with a liquid and went to take my hand with the canula in. “No, don’t” he frowned “Why princess?” “Because that shit make me sleep, and right now I want to know if my babies are okay?” “Uncle Trevor checked on them earlier with the Doppler and they were both fine and showing no distress” “who was taken?” he scrubbed a hand across his stubbly chin “Kat, you don’t need to worry about any of this” I gave an incredulous snort and instantly regretted it as pain rolled through my body “not telling me doesn’t change anything” I took shallow breaths “I still got shot.” I waited for the pain to ease “He could’ve killed you or Uncle James” sorrow flashed across his face “I would’ve rather he shot me than see you like this.” he carefully sat on the edge of the bed and smoothed my wayward hair off my face “I saw him, he must be his brother, they. . .” my Dad nodded and picked up the conversation “it is his brother. The one we have locked up confirmed it. It looks like he has taken Jade. The guys are out trying to track him and find Jade.” “Why Jade? What does he want?” “A mate Kat. He wants a mate.” Oh god no!

Dad held my hand and smoothed the back of it with his thumb. “His brother, Samuel, the one we have tied up said the he doesn’t think he will force her to have sex. He thinks he has taken her so that she can get to know him and make her fall in love with him.” “Why Jade?” he drew in a breath and slowly released it “It would appear that her shifter scent came forward again after a passionate kiss with Ash.” I moved a little and held my breath as the pain gripped and then slowly eased. “And he was close?” Dad nodded “Yeah, their scents criss-crossed and was hard to follow. What we didn’t know of course was there was two of them and that there are slight subtle differences between them!” he leaned forward and kissed my forehead “Let me worry about this. Everyone is out looking for them. Amber and Jades mother has joined the search and they are out in force. We will find her.” I winced again as I tried to make myself more comfortable. “I will send Uncle Trevor in when he returns, but in the meantime will you at least have some pain relief?” “Not if it means sticking the knock out juice in this” I held up my hand with the canula in. “okay, what about some paracetamol?” “Yeah, that would be great.”

Dad left me soon after administering the paracetamol. The beeping of the machine lulled me back into a fitful sleep.



Chapter Thirteen

I woke to hear Lewis asking his Dad if I was going to be okay. Uncle Trevor spoke quietly “she’ll be okay Lewis, she’s a fighter and so are the babies.” I could hear the continual beeping and now the steady rhythm of heartbeats. I opened my eyes and waited for everything to come into focus. “Hey sweet cheeks, how are you doing?” I wetted my lips and shifted position. It was clear that I needed more than just paracetamol!! “Oh, just peachy! Have they found Jade?” he shook his head and caught hold of my hand “shit Kat, this is messed up!” he pushed my sweaty hair back and kissed the top of my head and breathed in my scent. “Everyone is out looking, Jase came back a while ago and you were sleeping, it’s getting dark so he has gone out again with the guys. They have taken the one they had locked up, they think that he is our best chance of finding him . . . Them”

Doctor Brookes held a glass of water and a tablet for me to take and Lewis helped me into a sitting position. I let a few curses fly from my mouth and Lewis sat behind me so I could rest against his chest. I took the glass and with a shaky hand managed to take a couple of sips. “It’s an antibiotic little un, it wont hurt your babies, but you need to have it. The wound is becoming infected.” Great, could my life get any worse? I cursed and opened my mouth so the tablet could be placed on my tongue.

I had just finished swallowing the tablet when all hell broke out. We had all heard a car driving fast towards the house. It skidded to a halt the engine died. A door opened and slammed shut and a set of feet were running towards the back of the house. Alex shouted “we’ve got company, let’s go!” Lewis jumped off the bed apologising for hurting me as he went and they ran down the stairs and joined Alex outside. A shot rung out and the barn door was opened with such force the noise boomed through the night. “Where is he? Where is my brother?” no-one answered. Another shot filled the silence.

I was stuck in the bed with my bad arm strapped to my body and my good arm supporting various drips. I felt useless and fear was gripping me.

I tugged with my teeth and managed to free my arm of the canula. The machine went crazy. I hit a button to mute the sounds and concentrated on not passing out as I made my way to the top of the stairs. My instincts were telling me to get to the car but my heart was telling me to help the guys.

I gripped the rail and used it to aid my descent down the stairs. I slid the bolt across and slowly and quietly opened the front door. I breathed in, and if my senses were working properly he was still at the back of the house. I could see the car, but the problem was that he could probably see the car from where he was too. It was open ground. I didn’t know if Jade was in the car and I had no way of knowing without getting closer to it. Heroism wasn’t a speciality of mine, but I couldn’t pass the chance of at least looking to see if Jade was in the car.

I rubbed my tummy and prayed that god was on my side once more and that the darkness would somehow hide me. Adrenaline was flowing through my veins and if I waited any longer I might not go through with it.

A noise sounded and another shot was fired “what the hell have you done with him? Last chance or I go after the girl” did that mean she wasn’t in the car? I hesitated for a moment longer and then tried to run towards the car. The pain was unbearable. I ground my teeth together to try and stop any cries of pain escaping my mouth. I stumbled and my feet were no longer quiet. Shit, he had to know someone was going to the car. I pushed myself harder biting back the screams that were on my lips. I fought the bile that was rising in my throat and concentrated on not fainting.

Another shot filled the silence and I felt pain in my leg. I crumbled to the floor and hit it hard. I wasn’t far from the car. I ignored the stinging in my leg and half lunged and half crawled my way to the other side of the car. I was still on the floor but managed to open the door. Jade made a muffled sound of alarm and threw herself sideways out of the car. I dragged and pulled at her with my free hand so that she was on the ground. Relief was evident in her eyes but we weren’t out of the woods yet.

I pulled the duct tape from her mouth and signalled for her to be quiet and set to work undoing the rope that tied her hands together. Once her hands were free I used the rope to tie off my leg to try and stem the bleeding. Not an easy thing to do with one hand but I was learning that my teeth could be used for many things in an emergency. I bit down hard on the end of the rope and pulled it tight with my free hand. It wasn’t perfect, but it would have to do. She removed the rope that tied her legs together and I signalled for her to run to the trees. She whispered “I can’t leave you, let me help you” I couldn’t see me making it to the trees “Go, the others are out there, I can hear them. Keep running and don’t stop until they are with you.” “But” I tired for my fiercest voice but it came out more of a hoarse whisper “GO!” I watched her go and slid to the floor exhausted.

I opened the drivers door and saw that the keys dangled from the ignition barrel. My luck had surely changed. I pushed my self up onto my knees and was trying to work out how to get in the car when I heard feet hitting the floor and heading in my direction. I heard a growl, long, low and mean sounding. I pushed away from the car and tried to run.

I turned and saw Alex, Lewis and Uncle Trevor running behind blonde spikey haired boy giving chase. Emerging from the trees was my family. They were spread out and all running towards me. Jase was in his wolf form and ahead of everyone else. He bolted past me and charged at him. I spun and saw that blonde haired boy had a weapon pointing at my back. I lost my balance and as I fell I heard the weapon cock and then the bullet firing from the gun. I screamed. Jase crumpled in a heap on top of him. The gun had landed a couple of feet away. Jase wasn’t moving.

I found my last bit of strength and somehow managed to get to my feet and went back to them. The blonde haired guy was shoving at Jase trying to get from underneath him. I picked up the gun and pointed it at his head. My hand was shaking but if I needed to pull the trigger I wouldn’t miss. The coppery smell of blood drenched the air that I was trying to breath.

“Jase?” his eyes opened and he looked straight into my eyes, I heard him make a small whimpering sound and my heart stopped beating. I knew that this was it. His last moment. “Jase, no, don’t go. I love you” he did a slow blink and looked at me once more before his body relaxed and his eyes closed. “Oh God. Noooo  . . . Jase!”

Uncle Trevor took the gun from my hand and I went to my knees. Alex caught hold of the blonde haired boy and dragged him from underneath Jase. I ran my hand through Jase’ fur and kissed his face. Rubbing my face across his and nuzzled into his neck, breathing in his scent. Blood soaked into the ground and I pulled back my hand, it was sticky and covered with Jase’ blood. The words “He’s gone” registered in my head and I heard screaming. It was me.

Dad scooped me up in his arms. I buried my face in his neck and let him hold me. I heard someone say “Give me the gun. I need to end this.” I lifted my head and watched Uncle Trevor give the guy who had been tied up the gun. Bile rose in my throat. I needed justice for Jase’ death, but I didn’t want to be the one who gave it. The blonde haired boy looked shocked as the gun fired its final shot.

Mum put a shaky hand on my arm “We need to get you back Kat. Can we bring Jase?” I looked to Uncle James. He had picked up Jase’ lifeless wolf body and was waiting for an answer. “I don’t know . . . I don’t know what to say . . . help me someone, tell me what to do!”

Aunt Shannon was stroking Jase’ fur. She was silently crying for her loss. She looked up and said “It is only right that Jase is with you Kat, he loved you and died for you. He should be buried in your garden so he is always close to you and you to him” tears streamed down my cheeks, she was right. He had died for me. I let out an anguished sob and Dad pulled me in closer and waited for the sobs to subside. “Do you want Jase to come back to the house Kat?” I gave a nod of my head we made out way back to the house.

Lewis, Alex, Uncle Trevor and Aunt Eve were with the guy who had been tied up. Aunt Eve hugged him close. He was staring at his brother who was lying on the floor dead. I cried out when I saw them. “I know princess, I know.” Dad nuzzled into me neck as he carried me and I felt his tears mingle in with mine.

I was placed on the sofa and Mum set to work on my leg. It didn’t hurt. The pain in my heart was too great. The bullet had skimmed my thigh. I closed my eyes and could see Jase’ face, his wolf’s eyes looking at me, the relief in them when he could see that I was okay. The brief look of love that shone through the pain that he must have been in. I rubbed my tummy and whispered “It will be okay. You will know him; I’ll make sure of it.” Mum started crying and held me close. “We will all make sure they know how much he loved you and them.”

Dad laid the quilt off our bed over me. I pulled it up and pushed my nose into it, breathing in his scent and the scent of our love making. I rubbed my face into the quilt trying to absorb as much of Jase as I could. The scent was so strong he could’ve been in the room with me, but I knew that was never going to happen again. My chest ached so bad. The loss I felt was immense. How would I ever function without Jase in my life? I choked back another round of sobbing and nuzzled into the quilt some more. “Is it okay if everyone comes in Kat?” “Just give me a minute.” He stroked my cheek “Okay princess.” They were all gathered in the garden waiting to be told to come in? I just wanted to curl up in a corner and die, not sit and chat. “Can I see Uncle James Aunt Eve and Anthony?” he went to find them. I could hear hushed voices and females crying.

This was my fault. If I hadn’t gone to the car Jase would still be alive. How would they ever forgive me? How would I ever forgive myself? Would our children blame me for their father’s death? Anthony came in first. His head was hung low and his eyes bright red and swollen. My voice cracked “I’m sorry Ant” he looked up “Oh baby girl, you have nothing to be sorry about.” “Yes, yes I do! If it wasn’t for me, Jase . . .” Tears fell and I swiped them with my good hand. Eve and James came and Uncle James spoke “Kat you are not to blame. Anyone of us could’ve been killed today.” “Yes but . . . oh god!” I chocked back a sob and Anthony knelt on the floor and cuddled me.

Aunt Eve sat on the edge of the sofa and rested her hand on my tummy. “Are the babies okay?” “I don’t know. When Jase put his hand on my belly I could feel them, I could feel, oh I don’t know, warmth and fluttering sensations spread from my tummy out, but it only happened when he touched me.” Anthony wiped away my tears with his thumb. Uncle James made a noise and swiped his tears away. He spoke quietly “they were responding to his touch, and it was pure love that you were feeling princess. Did he know?” “Yes, I told him.” his expression changed, become softer and not so distressed “Good. Then he knew that they loved him too.”

Mum and Dad came into the room. Mum had the Doppler in her hand “do you want to hear them Kat?” I couldn’t speak. I wanted to know that they were okay, but Jase had insisted that I was awake to hear them and now he would never hear them again. I swallowed down a sob and Anthony smoothed my hair. “I’m here for you baby girl. Let’s have a listen just to make sure.” “I can’t Anthony. I can’t think about them now and talk about anything and everything apart from Jase. I want to curl up and sleep, or die. I just can’t”

A female voice cut through my sobbing “I’m sorry, but I can’t stay out there a moment longer and listen to you talk this way.” I looked up and saw an older version of Amber and Jade. My Dad stepped forward and said with a slight edge of anger in his voice “I’m sorry but I’m going to have to ask you to leave.” “I just want to say that I’m sorry. I really am, but I also have to thank you.” Dad took hold of her arm and started to tug her from the room “No wait, let her come in. It has been a traumatic time for all of us. Come and sit?”

Ant helped to sit me up and perched on the arm of the sofa behind me. I was grateful that he hadn’t sat where Jase used to sit. That thought made tears stream down my cheeks. “Is Jade okay?” “She has had a shock. Your Uncle is looking after both of the girls, and Ash and Kyle are with them.” “They are good guys, they will look after them.” She gave a small smile “Yes, I believe they will. I can see that this community is very different from the one I was bought up in.” she looked at my Father “you have outstanding members in your pack. They are loyal to you and other members in the pack. If you would allow it I would like my girls to be apart of this community.” Dad assessed her coolly for a moment “We need some time to get over our loss and you need to explain things to your girls. Starting with you. Let them make the choice. They might not be able to handle it.”

She stood up from the chair and stepped forward and held up a hand “may I?” I nodded and she crouched down and caught hold of my hand, holding it to her heart “I know it is going to be hard for you, but you must never give up. Your baby is going to need you. You are not responsible for the death of your mate. The low life who took Jade was the one wielding the gun.” She lent forward and kissed me on the head. She turned to my Father and shook his hand “I don’t even know your names, but I truly owe you so much. Thank you for helping to find Jade.” “I’m Robert and my wife is Carol.” She nodded her appreciation of the names “I’m Ruby. I wont take up any more of your time, but I beg that you allow Kyle and Ash to continue their friendship with my girls. If I was in a community like yours Robert then I think that my life would have been very different.” Dad handed her a business card “Okay Ruby I will consider your request but right now I have more important things to deal with.” He glanced back at me and Ruby clutched his hand “I wish you all well and I am very sorry for your loss. I will be in touch soon.” She gave it a final squeeze and released his hand before saying “I’ll see myself out.”

Alex called my Father from the room. “The area is ready, would Kat like some private time with Jase?” I wasn’t ready to say goodbye. “Come on baby girl, let me help you.” He put the quilt on the chair and helped to swing my legs so I could stand up. With as much gentleness as he could manage he helped me stand and steadied me as I walked. The voices of my family quietened as I went through the kitchen. They were still waiting in the garden. Damn!

He led me to the small room off the kitchen. He hugged me and backed away so I could go in on my own. I pushed the door open. Jase was lying on a rug and had his red fluffy towels partially covering him. I moved closer and sank onto the rug. My leg ached but my heart ached more. I wanted to run my hands through his fur and bury my face in it. But one arm was still strapped to my body.

I smoothed his fur on his head and pushed the shaggy lengths away from his eyes. I would give anything to see him wiggle his eyebrows in either his human form or his wolf form. I wanted him to touch my belly and feel it flare into life. But mostly I wanted to hold him and tell him that I loved him. I shifted position and knelt closer. I cupped his face as best as I could and rubbed my face across his. I kissed his cheek and whispered “oh god Jase I freaking love you. I’m glad we got together, I’m glad that I’m carrying your babies and they will love you the way I do. I’m going to miss you so much. I hurt Jase. I’m hurting so bad baby.” I nuzzled into his neck and breathed in his scent for a final time. I didn’t want it to end. I wept tears of regret, tears of guilt and tears for Jase because he was gone forever.

My mind took a jump back to when we were children; I saw the same look in his eyes that he had given me earlier today. I saw his disarming smiles and wicked grins that he would give me. He really had loved me for a very long time. He always made me feel cherished, even when we fell out. He would go out of his way to make things right between us. He was my . . . everything. My someone special, and now he was gone. I buried my face into his neck and lost myself to sobbing onto him, somehow hoping that he would hear me and come back to me.

Mum and Dad left me for a few minutes before coming into the room and hugging me close. Slowly I was helped to my feet and led outside. My family had gathered close to the back of the house just outside of the window of the room that held Jase. We stood close to the hole that had been dug.

Anthony carried him and Kyle and Ash stood either side of him. They had wrapped the rug around him. Lewis and Alex stepped forward and the five of them helped to lower him into the ground.

My Father spoke about Jase. His voice carried across the night. I didn’t hear the words my internal screaming drowned him out. I knew when it was over as my Father scooped me up and carried me into the house and gently placed me back on the sofa. The house filled with my family. They were making drinks and plates of food.

Ash made me a coffee and bought it into the lounge. There was an awkward silence, something I had never really experienced with the guys before. I looked up at him and he looked away. He didn’t know how to be with me, or what to say. I didn’t want to talk about Jase or how I was going to cope with out him in my life, so I just held my hand to take the cup and managed to say thanks. He made a lame excuse and left the room. I put the cup down, threw off the quilt and went upstairs out of everyone’s way.

I made it as far as my bedroom door. This was my favourite room in the house. Jase had taken his time making sure it was perfect for me. Every detail had been thought through, every piece of furniture restored or bought with me in mind.

The medical equipment dominated the room, my bed messy from jumping out of it only a couple of hours ago, when my life was messed up, but also complete.

Now there was me, me and my unborn babies. No loving partner who made me feel so special - always. No future husband. No Father for my babies.

I made my way to the bed and curled up into a ball on Jase’ side of the bed and used his pillow. I breathed in his scent and my insides ached for him.

Uncle Trevor came upstairs. He saw me on the bed and came into the room. “Hey little un, we need to give you your antibiotic.” “Uncle Trevor, give me something to make me sleep. I want to just sleep and not feel for a little while.” He perched on the edge of the bed and frowned at me “Are you sure Kat? I will have to put in a canula.” “Look after my babies for me. It’s just too much; I don’t want to feel anything for a little while.” He gave a little nod of his head “I understand Kat.” He set to work without any complaints from me and I drifted off into oblivion.



About the Author
I was born in Coventry in the U.K and moved to Weston-super-Mare when I was a small child. I live with my husband and 3 children. I have 2 step daughters, 3 grandchildren and another on the way.
Reading was a chore when I was younger, but now I am often curled up with a good paranormal book until the early hours of the morning. I surprise myself with how little sleep I actually need – I drive my husband nuts when I climb into bed and talk to him about the book I am reading, and now he has to listen about my story and the characters that I am creating. He deserves a gold medal for putting up with me.
I love creating the characters in my books and often discuss them with my 17year old daughter and she has come to love them too. I’m sure if they were real, a few of them would be ideal boyfriend material.

Connect with me Online
Smashwords:https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/Kirstiejones
Facebook:http://www.facebook.com/ForestOfDeanWolves?ref=hl

Coming Soon.
Book 2
TRUSTED



Continue reading for a sneak peak of book two Trusted.
T’is the season to be jolly. . . Yeah right. Jolly wasn’t going to be on the agenda for a very long time – if ever. How could it be? I glance out of the window one more time to Jase’ resting place and tears fill my eyes once again, just like I knew they would. I wipe them away with the sleeve of my jumper and look down at my tummy and give it a gentle rub “Okay babies, Mummy is going to pull herself together and then we are going to go to Nana and Grandpa’s for Christmas eve supper and pretend that everything is okay.” I feel them move inside me, as if they are responding to my every word and it soothes me - makes me feel calmer. I guess it’s the knowing that despite loosing Jase, my sole mate, my . . . everything - they offer me hope and a lifeline because if it wasn’t for them growing inside of me I think I would have either gone mad or even considered . . . no, maybe not. I give myself a mental shake and tell myself not to go down that dark path again.

Anthony knocks on the door to the little non-descript room. I must stop thinking of it as that now that Ant has made it into a cosy little room just for me. He called it my ‘time out room,’ but really it’s where I go to think, or where I can go to be on my own.

It’s hard with the guys living with here with me. I cry and they don’t know what to say or how to be with me, they try and offer comfort and give me a hug but I can feel them reigning in their emotions so that they don’t make me cry more. This is where I can go to cry in private when things get too much for me. In here I don’t feel guilty for crying.

He has made it really nice, I have a little two-seater sofa and coffee table, blinds and curtains at the windows and little reading lamps and a small bookcase filled with supernatural thriller books. I guess when he was choosing them he didn’t want any romantic books on the shelves that might make me upset. Anthony has put framed photos of Jase and me on the walls, photos from when we were younger right up to the days just before he died. Some days I cry just looking at them and other days I smile, and then I cry because he is gone.

Anthony slowly pushes the door open and brings me back into the moment and out of my continual overwhelming grief. “Are you ready to go or do you want a few more minutes?” my eyes dart from him, then to where I know Jase is laying and back to Ant again. I draw in a fortifying breath and slowly push my self up and onto my feet. “Just give me two minutes to put on something smarter than these.” I point to my scruffy jogging bottoms that are stretched to the limit and my bobbled jumper that has seen better days. Ant smiles and steps into the room and offers me his hand which I gladly take. He slowly pulls me from the room and turns off the lamp before closing the door.

Anthony follows as I make my way up the stairs and heads off into the bedroom that he is using. I don’t know how he ended up taking a room upstairs, I think it’s because I keep having nightmares and waking up screaming or running before I’m fully awake enough to realise that it’s just a dream. I know that on a couple of occasions I was jostled awake by sliding. . . no - falling down the stairs and then the guys spending the rest of the night curled up on my bed or on the floor and having to be poked and prodded by Uncle Trevor every five minutes to make sure that my babies are okay.

Since Ant moved into a room upstairs I haven’t fallen down the stairs and he is with me the moment the nightmares start. Waking me and holding me until I drift back off to sleep again. I have told him countless times that he doesn’t need to do this, but he disagrees and to be honest I can’t be bothered to argue anymore. It seems that the whole family agrees that Anthony needs a room close to me so that he can prevent me from falling down the stairs or having bad dreams, I’ve joked that I will get him a super hero cloak for Christmas, but in all honesty, I haven’t bought a single thing.

On my bed I find a fancy gift bag, big bow tied to the handles and a gift card stuck to the bag. I slowly lift the flap and pull out the small card.

Dear Kat.

I saw this and thought of you.

Love

Jules and Alex

Xx

I take a peep inside the bag and find a lovely long black dress and a sparkly shrug, a new maternity bra and some bigger knickers. For the first time in a long time a genuine smile crosses my lips. The girl thinks of everything. I strip off my clothes and don the new items and look at myself in the mirror noticing the dark rings surrounding my eyes and how lifeless my hair is. I tug a brush though my hair, find a fancy clip and twist my hair up and secure it. I know that this kind gesture from Jules was an act of kindness, but I can’t help feeling that it is her way of saying “Pull yourself together now Kat.”

Everyone will be together for the first time since Jase was murdered. I find a pair of comfortable flat shoes that go with my new outfit and go and find Anthony.

He is sitting on his bed staring at the floor looking deep in thought. It’s a tough time for him too. He has been caring for me non-stop since Jase died and has become my full time carer really. When I’m resting or in my little room he works hard on the house trying to get it functional. Kyle, Ash and Uncle James and my Dad have been working on the barn conversion. I haven’t had a look at what they have been doing; I have gone outside a couple of times but can’t quite bring myself to go over to the barns. I cross the floor to him and wrap my arms around him pulling him close. “We’ll get through this together Ant. The first of everything is always hard.” I swallow hard, determined that I am not going to cry again today. He plants a kiss on my belly and wraps an arm around me and rests his hand on my tummy. “Jase loved Christmas Kat.” I feel his shoulders start to shake and know that these are the first tears that Ant has shed in front of me apart from the day that Jase died. I lean forward and kiss the top of his head being careful not to breathe in his scent and get fooled into thinking its Jase.

I have had too many moments nearly kissing him after waking from a bad dream thinking it was Jase consoling me. Ant has always been the perfect gent and stopped me before I actually kiss him. Afterwards I always feel remorseful and deeply embarrassed, but Anthony assures me it’s just because I want it to be Jase there holding me. I know he is right and after a few tears I feel better knowing that Ant won’t make a big deal out of it.

I sit on the bed next to him and pull him closer still; wrapping my arms around him and let him gently lower us back onto the bed so that we are lying down. He nuzzles into my neck and I feel his warm, wet tears slide across my skin. I smooth his hair and whisper reassurances that everything will be okay. It has to be.

I feel one of the babies move and so does Ant. He lifts his head up and shifts position so that he can place both of his hands on my tummy. His face is one of wonder as he gently moves his hands following the baby’s movements. Once the baby settles into what I assume is a more comfortable position Ant sits up and helps me to sit up too. He wipes away the tears that have fallen and rubs his thumb across my neck wiping away any evidence of his breakdown. We don’t speak about it. He simply takes in my appearance for the first time, noticing that I’m wearing the new dress and smiles. “Ready to go Baby girl?” I give a nod of my head and Ant helps me to my feet. I smooth my hands across his suit jacket and straighten his tie before we make our way outside.

Now that I’m getting bigger, climbing into Anthony’s new Mitsubishi Outlander is somewhat an ordeal. Actually, climbing into any vehicle is an ordeal, I’m only about half way through my 20 week pregnancy carrying twins, but my belly is huge.

Once I’m sitting comfortably in the car I allow myself to wonder how much bigger I am going to get and how much longer I will be able to take a ride in a car. Perhaps Anthony should’ve got a car with a tailgate that lowers so I could sit and roll into the car. The thought brings a small smile to my face and Ant notices “What’s so funny?” “I was just wondering if I am going to fit in your car in another couple of months.” A smile lights his face and he replies “don’t worry Baby girl, we have a plan.” I arch an eyebrow and wait. He arches his eyebrow back mimicking me and says “well, when I say we, I mean Kyle . . . Kyle suggested removing the seats and hauling you in with a winch” I give a half hearted laugh “it might just come to that Ant.” He pats my leg before starting up his car and heading over to my parents.

I’m glad to see that my Mum and Dad have decorated the house. Everyone is tiptoeing around me, afraid that I will break - which given how I have been lately should come as no shock. I think it was my words of; “Christmas is coming whether we like it or not, so we might as well face it head on!” has prompted Mum and Dad into action. They probably saw it as a sign that I am coming to terms with losing Jase.

Ant catches hold of my hand and we both take a steadying breath. We know that Samuel will be joining my family for supper. Whilst I know that he is not directly responsible for Jase’ death I still lay the blame at his door. His integration into my family has been one step at a time. I can tolerate him in short spells, usually 2 minutes at a time before his scent muddles my brain and causes me to have a full blown panic attack bringing on my need to shift shape. In preparation for not having a panic attack, I chose to shift a couple of times today in the privacy of the forest that surrounds my house.

Tonight is going to be a test of my own inner strength. He offered not to come tonight and even though the mere thought of him sitting at our table having a family meal does something to shred each and every nerve in my body, I have to give kudos to him for thinking of me. I agreed to his presence as he is slowly being accepted by the rest of the family and proving his worth. It seems that Samuel landed on his feet when Uncle Trevor and Aunt Eve offered him a place to stay so that he could recover from killing his own brother. Apparently his carpentry and plastering skills are exemplary and my Father has had him working on another property that he recently purchased. So he has been going to work and then training in the gym with the others and staying with my Aunt and Uncle. I hear regular reports on what a nice guy he is from my Aunts, whom all seem to have developed a soft spot for him, even Aunt Shannon, which is a complete mystery to me given that it was his brother who killed her son.

Ant gave my hand a little reassuring squeeze before opening the door into the house. The happiness emanating from the house slams into our bodies and we freeze not sure whether to continue on in or make a run for it. I look to Ant for guidance. He is really un-helpful and gives a shrug and mouths the words “it’s up to you” I close my eyes briefly and suddenly feel braver when I remember that Uncle George, Deano and Jake will be there for Christmas.

They took care of Eli and disposed of his body, ensuring that there were no traces of DNA left. Uncle George, Deano and Jake are not related, they just banded together and have certain skills that ensure that crimes from wolf shifters are dealt with. They are excellent trackers and are the ‘go to’ guys if there is a problem. They deal out punishments, even death if they feel that the shifters crimes could result in our discovery by humans. They hunted Ellie’s rapist and Uncle George disposed of him at the crematorium where he works, but not before Deano and Jake had their fun with him. I’m sure that this information was only imparted to me so that I knew that my Dad wasn’t responsible for killing the male that raped Ellie.

I somehow manage to get my feet moving and manage to make it into the house. Anthony tugs me into our old lounge where Kyle and Ash are waiting for us.

They look so smart in their suits and ties. Kyle leans forward for a hug and I can smell Amber on his clothing, he kisses my cheek before releasing me and checks out my appearance “Good job I’m taken Kitty Kat or I might make a play for you tonight. . . Looking hot.” He steps away quickly before I can thump him. Ash steps forward and gently places a hand on my tummy and speaks to the babies “I hope you two are going to behave tonight and not give Mummy heartburn.” He cups my face in his hand and studies my face before saying “it’s a full house tonight Kat and we are here for you. If you want to go, just say the word and we will all leave together. Got it?” I give a quick nod of my head and he kisses my forehead before letting go. I love my guys.

Now that we are all together I allow myself to breathe through my nose and sift through the assortment of smells. The first thing I notice is how delicious the food smells. No sign of Chilli-Con-Carne tonight, thank god. I think the spices don’t agree with me now that I am pregnant. Roast beef and all the trimmings fill my nose and I let out a happy sigh. The guys smile and Kyle gestures on his own tummy that it will be big after tonight’s feast. And it reminds me that I owe him a thump. I move as fast as I can muster and manage to catch him on his arm. He rubs it and frowns before asking me “what was that for?” Ant steps forward and says “I told her about the winch idea and she wasn’t taken with it.” his expression changes from a frown to a full blown smile “Now, Now Kitty Kat, don’t be like that or Santa wont come.” I snap “If you carry on calling me Kitty Kat I will definitely be on Santa’s naughty list for a very long time!” he grins harder and says “ah, but you have to catch me first and it’s going to be a while before you can manage it, so I plan on making the most of this advantage I have.” The guys high five each other and I can see how my night is going to play out, them, making me the butt of their jokes, but me, secretly enjoying the normalcy of it.

I take another shallow sniff of the air and find that Jules is here, Amber, Jade and their Mum too. I look to Anthony who nods his head in agreement. I draw a deeper nose full of air and find Samuels scent. Kyle takes my hand and links his fingers with mine and I hear him whispering “we won’t let anything happen to you, you are safe. I promise.” I open my eyes to see three pairs of eyes staring intently at me, trying to determine if I’m about to run for it. I blow out my breath through my mouth and lick my lips before taking another breath. I repeat the mantra in my head I can do this; I can do this, I can do this. Kyle sensing my internal battle is waning - smoothes the back of my hand with his thumb and croons “well done Kat, you’re doing great.”

It takes a moment for me to realise that the house has fallen silent. They are waiting for me to make my move, bolt or stay. Talk about pressure! The guys take a step backwards letting me make the choice. It makes me proud to know that they will come with me if I decide to run.

I hold onto Kyle’s hand and grip it tight. “I might make it through first course if your promise to stay close.” I’m sure I heard everyone in the house let out a collective sigh of relief. Anthony pulls me into a hug and whispers “like glue baby girl, like glue” we move in unison, Ant in front, Kyle and Ash on either side. It is the formation we take when we run in our wolf forms. Kyle flanks my side but hangs back a little bit protecting my rear at the same time, at least, that’s what I tell myself when I think about him being so close to my butt!

Ant opens the lounge door and we hear the volume in the dining room increase. It is clear that they are trying to make everything as normal as they can and not to do anything that might cause me to run or have a panic attack. I anticipate that when we enter the dining room it will be my parents that greet us and slowly others will acknowledge our presence.

I’m not disappointed with my newly acquired skills of reading a situation - either that or they are becoming so predictable. But then, if they are, then I guess they have all spoken and anticipated how I might react. The thought makes my tummy flutter, and not in a good way. I swallow the bile that is now threatening to come out and pause at the door. The guys step close, so that they are each touching me in some way - a hand on the small of my back, a rub on my arm, a squeeze of my hand. Offering reassurances without words.

Ant opens the door and my parents turn to greet us. Dad pulls me close and plants several kisses on the side of my head. When he steps back to take in my appearance his face lights up “you look radiant Kat” my appearance gets me another round of kisses on the side of my head and a kiss on the cheek. He steps away a little to allow Mum closer, she catches hold of a hand and pulls me towards her. Before kissing me she whispers “well done, little steps at a time. If it gets too much, try going for a walk in the garden.” I give a nod of my head and pull away. The guys step close and we slowly make our way towards the table.

I frown when we get to where we would normally sit. I flick a glance towards my Mum but she is now heavily involved in a conversation and so is everyone else in the room. This - I hadn’t expected. My newly honed skills have failed me! Little name cards are placed around the table. I let out a sigh of relief. I have not managed to sit at this table since Jase died. Even though the chair was taken from the room, the empty space still remained. Just like the empty space in my heart. Right on cue the babies start to move around, reminding me that they are here and not to get too sad. They seem to have built in radar, picking up on my emotions and earlier Ants? I give a mental shrug and say to myself it’s just coincidence.

Ant holds my elbow and leads me around the table until he finds my name. There are that many extra people to sit at the table tonight, it is difficult to say whose seat I really am sitting in. From the position of our seats I would think its Uncle Steve and Aunt Stella’s place at the table, even though they never join us anymore since leaving the pack. I am grateful that my parents have seated me close to them and relieved to see from the other name cards that tonight I am surrounded by my guys and Amber and Jade, along with their Mum Ruby. I wonder what their father makes of them coming over for supper on Christmas Eve, when really this is a time for family gatherings.

I see Jules and Alex taking their seats close to ours. Jules looks amazing. Pregnancy clearly suits her. Her skin looks flawless and her hair shines under the lights. She beams a smile and comes over to stand by me. I stand and we compare baby bumps. Jules’ is compact and perfectly rounded. Mine looks colossal in comparison. “Are you sure it’s only twins?” she pats my tummy and lets out her tinkling laugh. “Lets hope so, I don’t think I could stretch much further” I gesture to my new clothes “Thank you for the clothes Jules, they are perfect.” “Ant and Alex took me shopping and I couldn’t resist picking you up a few items. Ask Anthony for the rest when you get back, it should see you right for a little while at least.” I start to protest about spending her money on me but she holds up a hand and says “It’s already taken care of.” I flick a quick glance at Anthony and see that he looks guilty. I’m guessing he played a big part in getting me this new outfit and probably the other items that Jules has mentioned. I decide to let it pass as I actually feel okay about being dressed up.

Jules makes her way back to her seat and Lewis and Alex are waiting to greet me. I stand and go to them as others are starting to take their seats and still wanting to greet me.

I make a decision to go around the table to greet everyone. This has one purpose , to get it out of the way. As I start tom move I feel Ant press his hand into the small of my back letting me know he is with me. I turn and offer him a smile of thanks over my shoulder.

As I make my way around the table giving hugs to my family and wishing them a ‘Merry Christmas’. I know that I am getting closer to Samuel without looking or breathing through my nose. The emotions in the room are becoming palpable. I feel tension rolling of those close to me. I see Uncle George, Dean and Jake move towards me out of the corner of my eye; they too must be waiting for me to strike. I look up and pin them with a look. I give a brief nod of my head indicating that I am okay. Uncle George holds up his hands but slowly continues forwards showing he wishes me no harm. I get the feeling of being stalked and freeze on the spot. I try to look as if I am still in control and take measured breaths instead of the big gulps that I feel the need to take. Dad positions himself in front of Uncle George and nods for me to continue. All eyes are on me now. There is no escaping the worried glances from my family.

I approach Samuel. He has his head bowed down and slowly raises it so that he can look at me. I see various emotions flash across his face, but the one that stays there is remorse. His eyes drift back down to my tummy and then flick back to my face. I get the impression that he is deciding whether to run or stay and face what ever I do next. I hear gasps from around the room as I thrust my hand in his direction. I hold it out to shake his hand “This must be as awkward for you as it is for me. I’m not sure what the protocol is for this, but I hope you accept my hand shake as a step in the right direction.” He stares at me for what feels like forever, before holding up a hand and shaking mine. He looks humbled and very quietly replies “Thank you Kat.” I move on and find Uncle Trevor who folds his arms around me and holds me until I stop shaking. I manage to make it back to my seat without running or having a panic attack. I feel good.

The volume level slowly picks up in the room and I let out I sigh of relief. My eyes find Ruby’s and I feel her smile is one of approval. Amber and Jade decide to take the limelight and have loud conversations with everyone in the room. I’m glad that they are here really. They chatter incessantly, but it’s all good humoured stuff and quite entertaining.

I sit listening to their tales. They show no malice towards Samuel, maybe they would if Jade had been raped by Eli, but I take notice that they go out of their way to include Samuel in their conversations. The food is bought into the room and in the usual rehearsed way . . . well, apart from me getting my own food instead of Jase getting it for me. The food gets dished up and everyone waits until the last person is seated before we begin to eat. Slowly others take Amber and Jades lead, and before long the room is filled with conversations and what has just played out in front of them all, drifts into insignificance.

Accept I keep finding Samuel looking at me. He looks away when he see’s me - watching him - watching me.

The babies shift position and I swear you could see my dress move. I rub my tummy and see Ash looking expectantly at me; I smile and glance down at my tummy. Ash thrusts his hand on my tummy and beams a huge smile “steady on in there guys” he admonishes, but even I can’t help smiling. The babies are going to wrap him around their fingers and run rings around him. “I hope you are going to be around to keep these guys in check once they are born” his smile drops and he looks studies my face looking as if I have just hurt him “I told you Kat, I will always want to be a part of your life.” Tears threaten to spill over, I manage to say a croaky “thanks” before Ash pats my tummy and says “that’s better boys!” he gives my knee a squeeze and Jade captures his attention, enabling me to get myself back under control.

The main course goes without a hitch, although I do feel a bit achy after sitting for so long. I stand and make my way to the kitchen. Kyle has shadowed me this time and grabs a cold bottle of water from the fridge and hands it to me. “Are you sure you won’t come here tomorrow for your Christmas dinner? Your Mum would be so happy.” I shake my head and take a swig from the bottle. “No, I just want to be alone tomorrow.” Kyle sighs before asking “do you think Jase would want you to be alone at Christmas?” Kyle is probably the only one brave enough to ask such bold questions. Everyone else wants to pretend that my decision to spend Christmas day alone is because I’m tired because of the twins that I am carrying. I narrow my eyes at him and try for a firm voice but it comes out as a strangled whisper “no, I don’t expect Jase would want me to be alone . . .” my voice trails off and I struggle to finish the sentence. He pulls me close and surrounds me in his arms. I rest my cheek against his chest and he nuzzles the top of my head “see how you feel tomorrow.”

We can hear Mums hostess trolley being loaded with plates and I know that there will be a flurry of activity in the kitchen in a few minutes. I glance at my tummy and wrap a defensive arm across it. I wrinkle my face at the thought of my Aunts and Mum coming in here and all having a poke and prod of my tummy. I cock my head to one side listening as the wheels start to turn on the hostess trolley. I tug Kyle from the kitchen and head out into the garden to get some fresh air.

I lean against the brickwork of the house and close my eyes, letting the peace of the forest fill my senses. I breath in the heavenly scents and let them wash away Samuels. “you are doing great Kat, we can go back in or I can take you home. It’s your call.” I open my eyes and study him, much the same way that he is studying me “Just a few more minutes out here, please?”

My teeth start chattering after a while and Kyle opens the door and we make our way back into the dining room. I feel all eyes take in my appearance and feel the room relax, they have obviously seen that I haven’t needed to shift and that I haven’t ran. My eyes find Samuel; even he looks surprised that I haven’t panicked. Anthony stands to make it easier for me to return to my seat. Once I am sitting comfortably he leans in to ask if I am okay. I give his knee a gentle squeeze and give a little nod of my head before I place a gentle kiss on the side of his face “Are you okay Ant? Do you want to get away yet?” he lets out a little snort “and miss your Mums Eaton Mess? No way!” Mum pushes the trolley into the room, and sure enough dishes and dishes of Eaton Mess are strategically balancing on the trolley.

Dad stands and hits his champagne glass with his spoon to gain everyone’s attention. My breath hitches and I feel panic starting to flare from deep within. I’m not ready to hear how we have to look to the future and what a good year it has been. I stand and excuse myself and Deano and Jake stand, halting Anthony and guide me from the room.

Jake flicks on the lights to the games room as we make our way up the stairs. Even though they don’t visit very often they know what switches turn on the arcade machines and which turn on the lights. The room thankfully remains silent. Jake pulls out a bar stool and I concentrate on manoeuvring myself so that I am sat on top of it without their help. Dad’s whiskey gets poured into two glasses and a fruit juice gets poured for me. I scowl at Deano but he just laughs and ruffles my hair.

They each choose a stool, making sure that I am sandwiched between them and each take one of my hands. Deano brings it up to his lips and kisses each knuckle “you know princess; I don’t think I have ever met another who could ever be as brave as you have been tonight.” Jake’s thumb smoothes the back of my hand “you have handled everything just fine poppet.” I give a half smile and manage to say thanks before a tear makes its way down my face.

Deano scoops me up into his strong arms and carries me across to the sofa and sits down so that I am sat on his lap and my face is snuggled into his broad and muscular chest. Jake kneels on the floor next to us and smoothes my hair and wipes away the tears. These two guys have got reputations as people who you never want to cross - your worst nightmare come true - if ever you are unfortunate enough to cross them and here they are cradling me like a baby whilst I cry my eyes out, whispering soft words of encouragement promising that they will be here when I have the babies.

As if on cue at the mention of them they begin to shift about. Deano freezes in position before cautiously lowering his hand to my tummy. Jake watches as Deano moves his hand across my tummy following the movements. Jake lifts his hand and half attempts to put his hand on my tummy but looks at me for permission. I take hold of Jakes hand and place it under my ribs, sure that they will hit out in that direction soon. Jake doesn’t have to wait long. He waits for the movement to stop before saying “little miracles, that’s what they are. They offer hope. You have been through so much and these little angels hang in there with you, showing their strength and determination - just like their Mum.” As I smile I realise that he is right. I have feared that I would lose them on many occasions but they are strong, and are hanging on in there.

They do offer me hope, a reason to carry on regardless. A little bit of Jase growing inside of me waiting to be nurtured. For the first time since Jase’ death I know I am strong enough to make it. I know that I will be the best Mum ever, because Jake has just made me feel like I’m the proudest Mum in the world of my two un-born babies and Deano has made me feel like I am the bravest, strongest person in the world. Even though my tears fall freely down my face belying any bravery I was just feeling, I thank them for making me feel a million times better about myself. I am going to be okay!

I drain my juice and pluck up the courage to go back into the house. Deano and Jake escort me to my seat and Anthony, Kyle and Ash look on with bemused expressions on their faces. They see my reddened eyes and assume that they have given me a talking to.

I hold my head high and take my glass of juice and stand gently hitting the glass with a spoon. I wait until I have everyone’s attention. “I know you were all expecting me to fall apart at the seams today, I’m glad that I have managed to keep it together pretty well. I would like to make a toast. Please join me and raise your glasses.” I look around the room and see that this is being received with apprehension. “tonight I have been called strong and determined, I don’t feel strong and determined but I thank you for your kind words.” I gesture with my glass towards Deano and Jake “I would like you all to raise your glasses to yourselves and I thank you all from the bottom of my heart for the support that you have all given me, even though you have all suffered a loss too.” I take a sip and watch everyone in the room sip their drink with me. “Samuel that last part included you too. I can’t imagine what this feels like for you.”

I watch my Fathers face and see that he is about to have a coronary so I hold up a finger asking my Father to wait until I have finished. “I don’t know where this alliance will go, but I wish to thank you, I want to thank you for allowing me space to get used to having you near. It has been a challenge for me. So when I say this next line, don’t expect us to be best buddies, but, welcome to the family, I hope that you prove your worth and don’t let anyone down.” I lean forward and chink my glass with his before taking a sip and sit on my chair before I fall down.

The sounds of glasses chinking together dies down and I finally risk looking up from my knotted hands. I see Deano and Jake raise their glasses in my direction and then they take a sip. I get a nod of approval from both.

I feel Anthony squeeze my knee under the table, it wasn’t particularly gentle. I lower a hand and hold his smoothing the back of it with my thumb. “That was quite a speech there Baby Girl.” I hear the anger in his voice. It wasn’t my intention to upset him, maybe I should’ve warned him before I tried to make peace, I hadn’t planned it, it just kind of happened.

Before I can make any further response a bowl of Eaton Mess gets put in front of me by Uncle James. “I made sure that we saved you some, eat up princess.” I look at my desert and wonder where the hell my little speech came from? I take a moment and think about why I made the speech and decide it was to make things easier with my family, perhaps they will consider me stronger and coping . . .  yes I like that Idea but I suspect my real motive was so that I can attempt to move forward, I don’t mean forget Jase or anything like that, I mean so my life can move forward and take me on to the next chapter in my life. I want to be able to enjoy my pregnancy and not be reminded that Jase is dead because of Samuel and his brother and as a result my babies have no Father, but, from here on in, I want to enjoy knowing that a part of Jase is growing inside of me, well two pieces of Jase really. I see the way my family like Samuel and it kind of makes it hard to hate him quite so much, so if I can get over so much hatred perhaps my life can be a little bit better? And there it is again, a little bit of hope, something that we all need to get us through life.

We say our goodbyes and Anthony and I head back to my house. Kyle and Ash are staying with their parents tonight. I tried to convince Anthony to stay with his parents tonight but he wouldn’t leave me. To be honest though, I think he doesn’t want to stay with them in case they aren’t coping as well as they appear to be.

The house is chilly so Ant throws some logs and coal into the fire place and sets it alight. I snuggle onto the sofa and watch as the wood and coals burn. I smell the hot chocolate before the mug is put in front of me. Ant tugs the fur throw from the back of the chair and joins me on the sofa. I lift my legs and he slides underneath them and covers us both to keep us warm until the fire heats the room. “Do you mean what you said about welcoming him into the family?” I shrug, always a helpful stalling tool, whilst I thought of an answer. “I honestly don’t know. I think because everyone else seems to like him that hating him is a wasted emotion, but, now that I have said it . . . I feel like I am betraying Jase” I feel one of Ants hands rest on my belly and his fingers draw small circles as he thinks about what I just said. “I don’t know that I can be that forgiving Kat. I guess I have hidden my emotions behind you if you like. I’m glad to leave when you run from the room. It means that I don’t have to stay and make small talk with him.” I move Ants hand to where one of the babies is moving about. “I’m proud of myself tonight Ant, even if I upset you in the process. I hate the fact that he could see my weakness, and that my weakness was him: The sight and the smell setting off panic attacks and making me vulnerable because I needed to shift.” Ant let out a heavy sigh “when you put it like that - I had no right to be hurt by what you said.” Ant leans over and kisses the side of my face “I’m proud of you too Baby girl”

I climb into bed and hear Anthony hit the shower. My mind drifts over the evening and I pick at it, what I could’ve said or done. I question whether I should’ve punched his lights out for even daring to sit at our family table. I go through every emotion possible as I dissect my actions and what I said. Slowly I drift off to sleep.

Hitting the floor and coming to holding your leg, screaming out in pain is not a pleasant way to wake up. I had been dreaming of when I got shot in my leg for a few nights in a row, but actually falling to the floor and gripping my leg because I’m in agony - is a first.

Ant is at my side in seconds, assessing me and feeling my leg as I am still writhing around in pain. I realise that I have cramp and feel a little bit foolish that cramp could cause such a reaction. Ant kneads my thigh muscle being careful to avoid the entry point from the bullet. My shifter gene speeds up the healing process and the bullet wound is little more than a pale pink scar.

I manage with a little help to stand and straighten my leg; I find that this helps immensely. “You’re in the second trimester right?” I look blankly back at Anthony. He’s still rubbing my leg when he explains “I’ve read up on this Kat, you get heartburn and cramp in the second trimester.” “I don’t know Ant, Uncle Trevor tells me all this stuff but I just switch off and not really listen.” I feel my cheeks begin to redden and judge myself to be unfit to be a Mum. Ant cups my face gently with his hands and he kisses my forehead “let me be your birthing partner Kat, I am here when your Mum or Uncle Trevor give you a check up but you never let me stay whilst they do it.” I shake my head and see that I am hurting him once again. “I cant Ant, this is something I need to do on my own” “Says who? If you wont have me as a birthing partner will you consider my Mum?” this throws me and I am speechless as his words take hold. Would I want him or his Mum there whilst I am giving birth? “Let me think about it okay?” “Do you mean you’ll think about me or my Mum?” I roll my eyes at him and he gives me a lopsided grin “I just want to help Kat, that’s all, and I think you need someone in with you who will actually listen to what is being said.” “I promise that I will pay attention from now on and I will even ask Mum to explain what I have missed” he smoothes my hair down and lifts my quilt “good, now get in. You need sleep.” “I would be asleep if I hadn’t dreamt I had been shot” Ant covers me in the quilt and pulls up the blanket from the bottom of the bed and covers himself before he snuggles into the back of me.

I wake to find Ant still with his arm draped over me. This is unusual for him, he usually stays with me until I’m asleep and then goes to his own room. I lift his arm and try to slide out from underneath him without waking him. I make it to the door before he murmurs something un-intelligible, he remains asleep. I make a quick bathroom stop before going and starting to make breakfast, something that I have not done for myself since I moved into the house.

As its Christmas I decide on a full fry up today. I set everything cooking and make my way into my cosy little room. Looking out to where Jase lies I silently wish him a Merry Christmas. I decide not to stay too long in this room and head back into the kitchen. I congratulate myself for not crying and for feeling like making breakfast.

I hear Anthony coming down the stairs. He beams a smile at me and notices that I have set two cups of coffee on the centre island and that breakfast is nearly ready. “Do we wish each other a Merry Christmas? How do you want to do this Kat?” I can see that he really doesn’t know what to make of my overnight transformation. I’m not a gibbering wreck and appear to be back to normal . . . what ever that is! “Merry Christmas Ant.” I pull him close and kiss the side of his face. I let him hold me for a while before I pull away and head straight over to the cooker. As I dish up he replaces my coffee with a glass of juice but before he dumps my coffee down the sink I grab his cup and gulp it down. I smack my lips together loudly and smile an angelic smile at him “you are not supposed to have caffeine Kat!” “Probably not, but today I feel like breaking all the rules. I want to go on the quad bikes and go horse riding.” I see Ant go pale and I feel a bubble of laughter make its way up my throat and come out of my mouth. “See, a coffee is nothing compared to what I really want.” Ant shakes his head and smiles “No Kat I suppose a coffee is a safer option.” I put the plates down on the counter top and we begin our breakfast.

“Do you feel like a hike this morning?” Anthony looks out of the window to check the weather and then his eyes rest on my bump before he looks at my face. “Do you think you should be walking about in your condition?” “I’m pregnant not ill. Besides I need to do something today so I don’t fall apart. I was thinking of taking a picnic.” “A picnic and hike as apposed to a Christmas diner with all the family?” I give a nod but can already see that Ant is having second thoughts. “I can’t Kat. I need to spend some time with Mum and Dad.” I had already guessed as much “that’s fine Ant, I’ll just hang around here, I don’t want to be with everyone today.” “Will you be okay on your own?” I smile to reassure him “yeah, I’ll find something to do to keep myself amused.” I gather the plates, load the dishwasher and go and grab a shower. When I go into my bedroom several bags are on the bed. I know that this is Ant’s way of buying me Christmas presents; I had made it clear to everyone that I wasn’t buying for them and that they were not to buy for me. I let out a frustrated groan and hear Ant chuckle. His body fills the doorway and I see that he is looking mighty pleased with himself. “Ant . . .” before I finished my sentence he holds up a hand “don’t go giving me grief woman, just enjoy.” I turn back to the bags on the bed and hear Ant wander to his room.

It seems that Gok Wann knows how to dress a pregnant girl too. I pull the items from the various bags, looking in the mirror and holding them in front so I can see what they will look like. Maternity Jeans, Smart trousers, blouses and tops, sports wear, god knows where he managed to get them from, and a couple of long evening dresses. I know that these are intended for Christmas day and New Year. I put the clothes back into the bags apart from the sweat pants and top deciding that I will put them through their paces.

It’s so nice to be wearing gym wear that fits properly. I grab my keys and put on my trainers before setting off in a gentle jog to my parents. I need a work out. I feel fidgety and I know it’s not because I need to shift because I’d shifted twice yesterday.

I hear feet running after me and glance over my shoulder. Ant looks furious. I stop jogging and wait for him. “What the hell do you think you are doing?” feeling the anger that is pouring from him I take a step back and snap “whoa!!” I hold my arms up telling him to back off and I try for a calm voice “I’m going to the gym for an hour.” He runs a hand through his hair and I am immediately reminded of Jase. I start my mantra, I will not cry, I will not cry, I will not cry. His voice is gentler this time “I don’t want to argue with you Kat, come back and let me take you in the car.” My eyes narrow of their own accord “No. I am being careful Ant. I’m not about to risk my health or the health of my babies.” He tries to grab hold of my arm but I hit it away and put as much venom into my words as I can manage “you wanna do this?” I alter my position into a fighting stance and get ready to fend off any attempt he may make to grab hold of me. Ant looks shocked and takes a couple of steps away before running both of his shaky hands through his hair. “Shit Kat, I’m sorry. I just panicked because you went off without me. I can’t keep you safe if I’m not with you.” And there it is, the real reason why Ant is behaving like an arse.

Sure, I hear the pain in his voice and see that he is regretting his actions but it is suffocating. This is the first time I have not depended on him and have gone off by myself. I need to do this. As much as I hate hurting him, he needs to see that I am not his responsibility, he needs to see that I want control of my life again. “I’ll be back in a couple of hours.” I turn and continue my casual jog, but now instead of feeling good about myself, I am left reeling.

I make it to the gym without any complications. I’m still reeling as I push open the door and his scent fills my nostrils. I pin him with a look and he mutters that he will leave. “No. stay.” I make my way over to the punch bags taking my trainers off before I go on the blue mats. “I’ll come back later Kat.” I turn and give a shrug of indifference “stay if you want to train, if I can manage to eat in front of you I can do an hours training.” I turn back to the bag and start my relentless attack on it, burning up some of my pent up anger. I feel his eyes watching me before he continues working on a kata.

I hear Anthony’s car pull up outside my parents and the door to the gym fling open. He stands watching me before striding in. Samuel makes a hasty retreat and for that I am grateful.

I watch as Ant takes off his shoes and comes onto the mat. He is trying to keep his temper in check but I know the signs now, the clench of his jaw and the muscle that clenches near his temples. He has a calm expression on his face but I notice that his eyes are hard and cold. “You should be on the treadmill” I don’t even bother to stop punching the bag as I reply “and you should mind your own business” “you are my business Kat, you and the babies.” This makes me stop and face him. “Since when does being the babies Uncle give you the right to boss me around?” “Since my brother died and I swore that I would not let anything happen to you or the babies and that I would look after you!” I start my mantra and realise that I’m not actually going to cry, I’m too damn mad to cry. I shove him out of the way and grab my shoes on the way out of the gym.

My Father is standing just outside of the gym, I’m in no doubt that he has been listening to Ant and me. “Want to chat Kat?” I keep walking “No.” “Are you okay?” I glance over my shoulder shouting “Fine” in my best stroppy voice and stomp away from the property and make my way home.

I go straight to my room and strip off the clothes that Anthony bought me and shove on an old pair of jogging bottoms and one of Jase’ t-shirts. I wrap my fluffy dressing gown around myself and go downstairs and light a fire.

I’m still restless and angry, what the hell is the matter with me? I had shut down my emotions and decide to become the stronger person that everyone wants me to be and suddenly all I can manage is anger? I know what will make me feel better, I feel it wanting to get out and burn off it’s energy. As I make my way outside I start to strip and leave my clothes just inside the door so they don’t get damp and cold.

I drop to my knees and take up my position for shifting. I imagine myself in my wolf form and feel the shift start to take place. I welcome the pain as my joints elongate and bones change shape. My tail rips out of the base of my spine and I hear myself groan and grunt. I look at my feet as they turn into paws, nails transforming into claws. I hear the noise start up in my head, it’s mingled with the noise from Ant’s car, but the noise in my head becomes louder.

As soon as my shift is over I run into the tree line at the bottom of the garden trying to put as much distance between Ant and me as I can. Just as I disappear into the dense trees I hear him climb out of his car and go into the house. I hear the door open again and him shout “damn it Kat!” I know that he will shift shape and come looking for me.

He probably only came back to boss me around, but I was no pushover and in my wolf form I feel formidable, my wolf is stronger both in body and in mind. My wolf responds to my Alpha, and his second, Uncle James, but Ant Kyle and Ash have no such control over my wolf, she a rebel and today she feels frisky.

I criss-cross between trees and loop around again, enjoying laying a false trail for him. He will be so muddled he won’t know what direction to go in, but I had better be quick. He is fast at shifting.

I set a good pace now and head towards the little stream that is near to the property. The water is slow running and I catch glimpses of my distorted shape. A noise in the distance alerts me and I take cover in some undergrowth and listen as the forest falls silent. I sniff at the air and cautiously try to get myself into a more comfortable position. I can’t smell anything out of the ordinary, so I concentrate on my hearing. It’s all quiet. I feel fear starting to creep up on me. I feel my wolf freeze and her confidence disappears.

My breathing increases, causing little plumes of white to leak into the air. The more I try to stop it, the worse it seems to get. A howl rips through the forest. My heart beats so hard I think it might actually burst out of my chest, and to top it off - the babies begin a frantic workout trying to hide, no doubt.

Why oh why didn’t I wait for Ant to run with me? I hear an answering howl so close to where I am that my blood runs cold. I hold my breath trying hard not to make a sound or give away my position. But it’s too late. My wolf’s senses are on overdrive, she wants to flee and I struggle to hold her. I hear three simultaneous snapping of teeth and can pinpoint each one. I am surrounded and know that I have no chance of escaping . . . shit!

No-one makes a move. I wrack my brain trying to decide if I should come out fighting, but in my condition doubt I will fare very well. Do I make a run for it? Again I’m really not very fast at the moment. I take a much needed breath and sift through the scents; I let out a frustrated growl and clamber out from my hidey hole.

I’m instantly lowering myself into the submissive position, swamped with the power that is emanating from each of them, its nearly as powerful as my Fathers. I’m unable to look at any of them as they all let me know that they are un-happy with me. Ant is the worst. He bares his teeth and snaps them at me growling deep in his throat. Deano and Jake seem really imposing and step closer, standing over me, growling in a deep and menacing way. I have never seen Jake or Deano in their wolf form but I don’t dare stare at them now. I back away slowly with my head lowered to the floor and when I feel safe enough I turn and run back to the house with my tail firmly tucked away between my legs and my head down.

I struggle with the door handle but feel a little bit smug when I manage to get enough purchase to make the handle go down so the door opens. My smugness intensifies when I nudge the door closed. I picture myself in human form and let my shift happen.

I slowly push myself upright when I have stopped whimpering and take a few moments to feel around my tummy making sure that everything is still in place. Satisfied with my findings I bend to grab my clothes.

The door burst open and one very angry Deano stands stark naked filling the door frame. “Kat you can’t go running off on your own. What the hell were you thinking?” I try to cover myself with my clothing. Sheesh, have they no respect for a girls privacy! He see’s that I am desperately trying to cover myself and he takes a few steps in my direction “it’s a good job that I’m a decent bloke, I could be one of the shifters that we scented in the forest and then what would you do? Do you think that one of them would pop by to make sure you are okay?” I’m just about yell at him to get out when his comments sink in. “Whoa . . .  back up a minute. What do you mean - shifters in the forest?” Ant and Jake both come into the kitchen, thankfully they have taken the time to put their clothes on, well, their lower half is covered. Ant pulls his top over his head and shoves his arms through before risking a quick glance in my direction. I’m standing waiting for an explanation; hand on hip and eyebrows arched, dignity forgotten! But Deano is looking to Ant with a similar stance and expression on his face. Jake I notice is looking at Ant too. It seems that he is the one with the answer and has been holding out on me. “Are we going to stand here all day or is someone going to tell me what the hell is going on?” Deano looks back at me and points in my direction “I think it would be wise for you to put some clothes on first or I will find it hard to concentrate.” I let out a groan in frustration and leave the room. On the way up stairs I hear him say “it’s hard to stay mad at her when she looks like that.” I hear Jake reply “yeah, I hear ya man” do they mean I look a mess? I am grieving here!
