



Wendy & the Lost Girls
Part 1

By
Tom Doganoglu



Copyright © 2021 Tom Doganoglu    All rights reserved




To all the Lost Girls and Boys in the world, for daring to believe.



To read profiles of the characters, see their pictures, watch the trailer, and for all other things Neverlandish, please visit the web site at:
 www.wendyandthelostgirls.com


Chapter 1: The magical portal

The Darling School for girls was always immaculate. The hedges were trimmed perfectly, the windows cleaned regularly, and anything that could be maintained was thoroughly maintained. Even though it was fall, there wasn’t a single leaf to be found lying on the property grounds or even in the nearby pond that nestled beside and wrapped around the large brick building that was the school. 
The Darling School for girls was always immaculate because Headmistress Darling insisted it would always be immaculate. She watched over every element of the school’s upkeep, including the education of the girls that enrolled in it and made it their home. Everything was always at the highest possible standard. It was said that even the birds that made their nests in the trees had to seek out a permit from the Headmistress before they were allowed to lay down a single twig. Of course, no permits were ever found on any of the birds, but the rumor was still repeated by the young girls that attended the school.
Headmistress Darling was a stern educator. The girls had to be awake at seven sharp, dressed and at the mess hall by seven thirty. Classes always started at eight, and if any of the girls were a minute late they got detention and extra homework. There were a lot of young girls that had to get a lot of extra homework before they learned just how unbending the Headmistress truly was.
But it had to be that way. The Headmistress took great pride in her school, believing that shaping and preparing the future for the young girls at her school was the single most important thing she could do. That was why the grounds were immaculate, that was why the school’s curriculum was so difficult, that was why the Headmistress held all her teachers, girls, and even the birds, to the highest of high standards. Not a single element of their education was not thought out, planned, reworked, and then executed with grueling precision to the dismay of the overworked girls at the school. 
Their entire day was planned, down to the last minute, to be filled with learning and preparation. Even their sick days were planned, with the headmistress possessing an uncanny ability to predict when each girl was going to get sick, and then allotting her the appropriate amount of days, or in some cases, hours, to get better.
If the young girl was still sick after the Headmistress deemed that she wasn’t supposed to be sick anymore, then she got detention and extra homework. It wasn’t long before the girls found ways to strengthen their immune systems and avoid being sick for longer than absolutely necessary. It was either that or learn to fake feeling better while sick, another skill that the girls learned very quickly.
It wasn’t so much the extra work that was so terrifying, it was the detention that really made the girls work so hard. No one wanted to have detention, because detention meant being alone with the Headmistress for a great length of time. And no one wanted to be alone with Headmistress Darling for any amount of time, let alone a great deal.
During a typical detention the Headmistress would place a chair in the middle of her office, then she would place her own chair right across from it, not even an arm’s length away. The unfortunate girl would have to sit in her seat and face the Headmistress, who would sit in the other chair, and talk to her.
Normally, talking wasn’t such a bad thing. In fact, the girls at the school found talking quite enjoyable, only slightly more enjoyable than listening, which was harder to do. But talking to Headmistress Darling was quite another matter altogether. Talking to Headmistress Darling could be quite close to terrifying on a good day, and horrifying on another. Unfortunately, it ended up being difficult to figure out which day was which, so most girls ended up leaving detention both terrified and horrified. They then went and quickly talked about it to all their friends, who did their best to console the uncontrollably sobbing girl. Incredibly enough, the girl would manage to quickly recover the next day and avoid any further detention.
No one quite understood how it was possible to be both terrified and horrified at the same time until it was their turn to have detention. It was an experience that couldn’t quite be explained, it had to be experienced, and then quickly buried in the deepest corners of memory, to be truly appreciated. 
No girl had ever had detention more than once. No girl, that is, except for Wendy Darling. Wendy was in no way related to the Headmistress, and would probably have disliked it immensely if she was, but every girl at the school was an orphan. After the school took them in and became their legal guardian, they were all fortunate, or unfortunate, enough to have the Darling surname added to their more preferable first name. 
Wendy was no different, except when it came to detention. Unbelievably enough, even though the other girls did whatever they could to avoid having detention, Wendy had detention on an almost regular basis. She had detention so many times that the girls at the school lost count. There were some rumors that Wendy had been to detention over a hundred times. Other rumors put it closer to a thousand. The truth was impossible to know because, unlike other girls, Wendy never spoke about her detention. 
Also, unlike other girls, Wendy never left Headmistress Darling’s office crying. 
Some girls had even said that it was the Headmistress who cried when Wendy left the office, but the girls who had experienced detention would quickly end those rumors with a very frightened and powerful response.
No one was sure what it was about Wendy that made it possible for her to withstand so much detention, but everyone knew why it was that she got so much of it. Wendy would always challenge the Headmistress. She would always talk back, question, and denounce anything that she thought the Headmistress got wrong. And no amount of detention was able to change her fiery ways. Headmistress Darling, of course, was all too happy to keep handing out detention for Wendy’s behavior, so Wendy would repeatedly meet with her, sit across from her, and talk to her.
Today was no different.
Headmistress Darling sat in her office across from the other empty chair, and looked at the clock. She had a stern expression that never quite seemed to leave her face. Her hair was done up in a tight bun that was slightly old fashioned, and her clothes were a dull gray. Her brown hair had streaks of gray in it that seemed almost precise in their placement, mirroring and paralleling other streaks of gray in her hair. Not a strand was out of place, gray or otherwise. Her thin, high arched eyebrows sat above a steely blue eyed gaze. She never shifted or adjusted her position. She didn’t even seem to blink as she watched the seconds tick away on the overhead clock above the door.
She sat frozen in her pose until, finally, the door opened.
Wendy stepped into the room. 
Wendy had long, blonde hair just past her shoulders, with a slight wave to it. Her hair was wild, and shifted and flowed as she moved. Her face was youthful, even for her young age, and she looked like the type of girl who always had a laugh and a smile ready.
She was neither laughing nor smiling now. Her intelligent, blue eyes quickly took in the room and the Headmistress, sitting in her chair and staring back at her. 
Wendy, like all of her close friends, had just turned fifteen. They were all orphans, and some didn’t know when their actual birthdays were, so they were assigned birthdays in groups. Wendy’s group had just had a birthday. They were all allowed to stay up fifteen minutes later, and have a cupcake. But no singing, hats, cakes, or presents were allowed. Wendy had stayed up twenty minutes later, and now she was in detention because of it. She had never even eaten her cupcake. 
Wendy closed the door behind her, walked over to her chair and sat down without a word.
Headmistress Darling regarded her sternly.
“You know why you are here,” she said as much as asked.
“I know why I am here,” Wendy replied, looking directly back at the Headmistress, a feat most other girls wouldn’t even dare.
“Then we shall begin,” the Headmistress said.
“Did we ever end?” Wendy asked, referring to her previous detention.
“Indeed,” Headmistress Darling replied.
There was a knock at the door.
The knock was not part of Headmistress Darling’s plan, so she was quite annoyed by it. To add to the insult the door opened without even being instructed, to reveal the plump, round face of Pamela Misgivings, the school’s secretary. She was a short woman, younger than the Headmistress, but old enough, or worry prone enough, to have deep lines of age etched into her face. She had kind eyes, and an easy smile, and always kept her barely shoulder length brown hair in a state of disarray and untidiness. She loved the girls at the school, and did everything she could to help ease their troubles and make life as bearable as possible for them under Headmistress Darling’s tutelage. 
Pamela gave Wendy a quick smile as she stepped in. 
With her head turned away from the Headmistress, Wendy couldn’t help smiling back.
“I prepared that inventory list for you to look over,” Pamela told the Headmistress.
“Not now, Pamela,” Headmistress Darling said, barely looking at her.
“If I don’t order it tonight, we’ll be short in the kitchen for a couple of days.”
“Then that is exactly what we will be.”
“We also need to go over the payment schedule for the overpriced electrical bill,” Pamela pressed on.
Wendy knew what Pamela was doing, she was trying to help get Wendy out of her umpteenth detention in a row, trying to give her one night of peace and rest. Wendy silently thanked her for it, but she knew it was not going to work. It never worked. Pamela had a fiery spirit, Wendy knew she did, unfortunately, no one ever saw it.
“Not. Now. Pamela,” the Headmistress clearly enunciated each word.
Pamela flinched and then started backing out, mumbling her apology and then closing the door with a long squeak, and then opening it again to apologize for closing it so loudly, before closing it again just as loudly the second time.
Finally, she left. Headmistress Darling waited a little bit, just to make sure she had really left.
“Now, we will begin,” the Headmistress stated again.
The two of them talked long into the night. The moon rose up above the school, bathing it all in a soft white glow. The lights in the girl’s rooms went out one by one as bedtime was called, and still the light from Headmistress Darling’s office stayed on. 
Everything at the school was as it should be, which is to say, everything was as Headmistress Darling wanted it to be.
Finally, after what seemed like forever, Wendy was allowed to leave the office. She shuffled through the darkened halls of the school, stifling a yawn. Portraits of strangers long gone who used to work at the school stared down at her as she walked past. Wendy took no notice. She had seen them a hundred times, had even asked about them on occasion, but was long past caring now.
For all of them, that is, except one. There was one portrait that hung above the entrance to the school that looked surprisingly like Headmistress Darling. The hair was done differently, even more old fashioned than the Headmistress currently kept hers, and the clothes were different. But the expression and the steely eyed gaze were the same. 
Wendy had always assumed it was a relative of some sort, but she couldn’t help feeling like the Headmistress was watching her whenever she went past that painting.
Wendy went past it again, feeling only slightly better when it was staring at her back. She went up the stairs and into the wing of the house where her room was. 
Everyone had gone to sleep a long time ago, Wendy’s detention had lasted even longer than normal. She continued dragging her feet on the rich carpet, willing herself onward until she reached her room. Hardly slowing, she turned the knob, opened the door, entered the room and closed it in one fluid, mechanical motion.
Her bed and blessed rest lay before her. Wendy walked over to it and face planted herself onto the soft mattress.
A head popped up from the other bed across the small room, Elizabeth had stayed up waiting for her friend and roommate. It always took her forever to fall asleep, and that night was no exception. Elizabeth liked to keep her straight, jet black hair extremely long, so that it hung down to her waist and got in her way when she was having a hard time sleeping. She parted it so that her green, cat like eyes, could look into the dark of the room. Those eyes had a keen attention to detail, they missed nothing, so that she missed nothing when she took aim at it. 
“Wendy? Is that you?” she asked, knowing perfectly well that it was.
“No,” Wendy replied, her voice muffled by the pillow.
“Okay, stupid question. Are you okay?” Elizabeth asked.
“Another stupid question,” Wendy’s muffled voice replied.
Elizabeth nodded, conceding the point, even though Wendy couldn’t see it.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Elizabeth prodded.
There was a pause before Wendy finally replied.
“No.”
“I know you don’t like to talk about your experiences in detention, and from what I’ve heard there’s a good reason for that, but it’s a good idea to get your feelings out. I know you don’t believe it, but it sometimes helps to have someone just listen and sympathize with what you went through, someone who happens to be exactly like me.”
Elizabeth paused, listening for Wendy’s response.
There was none.
“Wendy?”
In the quiet room, Elizabeth could hear a soft snoring coming from Wendy’s bed.
Elizabeth sighed and shook her head, “I was practicing that speech for over an hour.”
Elizabeth turned over and laid her head back down on the pillow. It took her a long time to go to sleep, but then it always did. 
Meanwhile, after Headmistress Darling was done with dispensing her detention duties, she made her own way through the large, darkened school and over to her room.
 She sat, hunched over her desk, planning and writing out further events and lessons with her meticulous detail, in her meticulous handwriting. 
Everything was as it should be at the Darling School for girls. Everything was exactly as Headmistress Darling wanted it to be. So it was probably with a lot of nerve, and not a little presumption, that the magical portal chose to open itself within the large pond beside the school. Its soft, yellow glow was mostly lost amongst the depths of the water and the pale moonlight reflected against the surface, further helping to conceal the magic within. 
And anyone who might have noticed it, or could have noticed it, had long ago gone to bed. And anyone who would have noticed it, would have most certainly told Headmistress Darling about it. And Headmistress Darling would not have approved of a magical portal opening on her school grounds.
But there was no one to tell her. So the portal opened, and it stayed open, waiting for the thing that all portals wait for: someone to go through it.

*  *  *  *

In a long forgotten room, buried deep in a mysterious land, a dark and powerful Queen tried to work magic that should have been forgotten a long time ago. The land, called Neverland, was a place that everyone knew about when they were in it, and didn’t when they were not. It took a very dedicated mind to remember its magic and wonders when more pressing things fought for distraction. 
The Queen, Magenta was her name, was regal, both in her bearing and dress. Long black robes hung down her willowy frame, spilling onto the hard stone floor and spreading out from her in all directions. Her hair was as black as her robes, and fell freely from her head. Her skin was pale, and looked hard as marble, almost shining in the poor light of the room. She looked unnaturally young, with only her eyes and the edges around them betraying a wisdom and knowledge far beyond her deceptive youth. Those eyes took in everything, and gave back nothing. They were too blue, the depths of an ocean, but they had a golden ring around them, giving off a predatory nature that lurked beneath the beauty. Her arms were outstretched, and she was concentrating on the empty space before her. 
All around her was darkness. Above her was the only source of light. A fire, burning nothing for fuel, suspended in the air. Whispers seemed to come from the darkness. They would build in volume, before dying out and being replaced by other voices. A slithering noise, something moving, something being pulled or sucked away, something crying. The Queen noticed none of it, she focused entirely on the empty air, even when the sounds of sobbing threatened to deafen her.
This was magic that hurt and killed. This was magic that perverted and destroyed. This was magic much too dark, and much too horrible to be practiced by such a beautiful looking creature. But if her beauty was more than skin deep, this Queen would never have been in that room.
Queen Magenta exerted her will, pulling at the darkened space before her with some invisible force. At first, nothing seemed to happen. But, little by little, the darkness at the edge of her false light began to creep in. Little wisps of shadow were pulled slowly from the dark, elongated strands tore free and began to form before the Queen, collected in a small dark ball that was beginning to grow.
The Queen focused more, and larger strands of shadow were ripped and stuffed into the ball. The shadows would not relent so easily, and the ball would pulse and bulge with the power of the dark trying to be free.
Queen Magenta gritted her teeth and tried to will more of the shadow stuff to fall under her control, but her grasp was slipping. The ball began to bubble and boil. It spawned aberrations that grew like pus upon the smooth, solid surface she was trying to shape. They grew in number, feeding and spilling and drowning off each other, until the ball was more a lump of melting liquid that burst apart in a shower of sludge. 
The black, tar like substance splattered against the Queen, hissing and burning her skin like acid. Queen Magenta stared grimly at the empty space where her ball had been, letting the tar burn and disfigure her.
“Not powerful enough,” she told the dark.
She closed her eyes and concentrated, and her marble skin knit itself back together and smoothed over the burns. Queen Magenta opened her fierce eyes. She stared into the darkness, angry, rejected, not willing to accept defeat.
“I need more,” she said.
Unseen feet shuffled in the darkness, and numerous hands thrust a young, wide eyed faerie into the middle of the light.
The faerie, just a bit shorter than the Queen, fell to her knees and quickly looked up at the regal form of Queen Magenta, standing in the light but living in the darkness.
The faerie flew to her feet in a flash, her eyes darting around and looking for a way to escape.
“Do not be afraid,” Queen Magenta told the faerie.
But if the faerie was anything, it was definitely afraid. It fluttered its wings furiously, and released specks of faerie dust that fell slowly to the ground around her.
The Queen eyed the dust, not able to hide her covetous nature.
The faerie flew up higher, barely dodging the floating flame above in her haste. 
Queen Magenta reached out her hand and some unknown force stopped the faerie in the air. Slowly, the Queen reeled in the frantic faerie. It pulled and yanked, strained and screamed in furious desperation. But it also got closer and closer to the Queen.
“Do not be afraid,” Queen Magenta told the faerie again, settling it down on the ground in an invisible net. The faerie was forced to lie on its side.
The Queen walked around it, kneeling before it and stroking its head. 
“I need your help.”
The faerie wasn’t listening. Its wings were restrained, pressed down into her, but it struggled to move them all the same.
“I’m not powerful enough to yet work the dark of the shadows. But with your help, I will be.” The Queen said.
She reached out her hand to the faerie.
“With your help, I’ll be powerful enough to save the world. All I need, is everything you have.”
The faerie screamed.


Chapter 2: The sharpness of a sword

“You let your guard down,” Wendy pointed out.
“I didn’t think I was guarding at all,” Elizabeth said.
“I was being kind.” 
The girls were in a large gymnasium in the school, dressed completely in fencing gear and standing opposite each other on a long mat. Elizabeth swung her sword through the air several times.
“How is anyone supposed to fight with this? It’s so archaic,” she said.
“Does that mean you are ready to go again?” Wendy asked, settling into her attack stance, watching her opponent warily through the mesh. 
“If you call what I did the first time as being ready,” Elizabeth said.
“I would call it a good start.”  
“But then you were being kind,” Elizabeth replied.
Wendy smiled through her mask.
All around them a similar scene played out, with girls separated into twos and fencing against each other. Instructors walked about the gym, observing the girls’ attack and defense patterns and making comments and corrections where necessary.
Headmistress Darling stood at the far end of the room, watching everything with a stern, disapproving gaze.
Balconies were fixed into one end of the wall, allowing other teachers and students to watch the proceedings without taking part, as the Headmistress felt that learning came from both observing and doing.
Elizabeth settled into her own stance and raised her sword.
“I’m ready,” Elizabeth said.
As soon as the words were out of her mouth Wendy lunged forward with a killing strike. Elizabeth barely parried the strike before dodging to her right to escape the next two attacks. Wendy was fast and precise, and Elizabeth tried her best to stay a step away from her dizzying sword display. She soon had no more room to dodge and had to stand her ground, so Elizabeth parried each strike Wendy threw at her with a manic desperation.
The sounds of their swords clanging against each other rang out in the large gymnasium, and it wasn’t long before their intensity had the other girls stopping their own exercises and gathering to watch the display. The crowd around them grew and grew until soon they were the only ones fighting. But the girls never noticed, they were locked into such a fast paced array of attacks that the first person to blink and let their guard down was going to lose.
Elizabeth gritted her teeth, each strike from Wendy’s sword left her arm shaking and her muscles aching that much more. Wendy went high, Elizabeth had to parry high, then Wendy would attack low and Elizabeth had to keep guessing where the next strike was going to come. Wendy was so fast that Elizabeth couldn’t even think of counterattacking.
But somehow, someway, Elizabeth managed to keep her defenses up and Wendy couldn’t find a clear strike.
The two girls ducked and weaved through their sword play, each thrust, parry and dodge becoming an intricate part of their dance. 
Wendy studied Elizabeth’s moves through the mesh guard she was wearing. Her breathing was loud in her ears, and her sweat soaked hair was beginning to stick to her face. Gradually, Wendy started applying the same attack pattern numerous times: up, up, low, and a strike from the right. Wendy kept doing it until it became a little too automatic for Elizabeth, locking her into the familiar pattern. She kept doing it until she could see Elizabeth bringing her sword to the designated area before Wendy moved to strike at it.
Wendy smiled to herself. It was time.
Up, up, low, and a strike from the left.
Unbelievably, as complacent as Elizabeth had become, she actually realized her error and reversed her sword to block the new strike from the left.
But Wendy was better than that, she was never going to strike from the left, it was a feint. Wendy swept in low and delivered the very first move she executed in their fight: a head on lunge for the heart.
Elizabeth was caught completely open, and the blow sent her reeling backward onto the ground. The gathered crowd murmured in astonishment.
Wendy laughed playfully as she removed her helmet guard and let her blonde hair spill out around her shoulders.
“Ouch,” Elizabeth said, staring up at the ceiling and not moving.
Wendy tucked her helmet under her arm and offered Elizabeth her hand.
“I’m thinking of just lying here for a little while,” Elizabeth said.
“It doesn’t hurt that bad,” Wendy said.
“How would you know?” Elizabeth accepted the offered hand.
Wendy helped Elizabeth stand back up.
“Want to try again?” Wendy asked.
Elizabeth took off her helmet, letting her straight, raven black hair fall down to her waist. “No.” 
Wendy laughed and hugged her friend.
“Sloppy, and poorly executed.” 
Everyone turned to see the Headmistress standing at the edge of the mat. She was dressed in full fencing gear, with a sword in one hand and her helmet in the other.
“It seems my lessons haven’t been as effective as I thought,” the Headmistress said.
She put her helmet on and stood at the edge of the mat, facing Wendy and Elizabeth.
The two girls looked at each other, unsure what to do.
Elizabeth helped clear up the confusion by taking a slow, obvious step off the mat, leaving Wendy alone facing the Headmistress.
“What are you doing?” Wendy hissed.
“You’re better than me,” Elizabeth replied.
Wendy looked at her friend, at the gathered crowd, and at the impassive face of the Headmistress as she waited for her, unmoving.
Slowly, unsure of herself, Wendy put her helmet guard back on. Headmistress Darling pointed at Wendy’s edge of the mat with her sword and continued to wait for her.
Wendy went over to her place and slowly lifted up her sword.
The entire gymnasium was completely silent. No one had ever seen anything like this before. The two combatants faced each other, each waiting for the other to move first. 
Pamela, on the edge of the crowd, pushed her way through with a worried and anxious face. “Headmistress, there seems to be a problem with the school’s alarm system. I might need you to have a look at the switchboard.”
“Not now, Pamela,” the Headmistress replied, keeping her eyes on Wendy.
Pamela looked like she was about to say something else, but she couldn’t think of any something else to say, so she ended up simply saying, “Yes, Headmistress,” before taking her place alongside everyone else. Watching, waiting.
Wendy knew Pamela was looking out for her, but she also knew that there was no stopping the Headmistress when she had made up her mind. Wendy was going to have to look out for herself.
No one moved, no one breathed.
“Whenever you are ready, dear,” the Headmistress said.
Wendy stepped forward half-heartedly and executed a simple strike at Headmistress Darling. In a flash, the Headmistress parried her sword with tremendous force. Wendy’s mouth hung open as her arm went out wide to her side. Without waiting for her to recover, the Headmistress darted forward and pierced a killing blow over Wendy’s heart. The impact from the strike sent Wendy reeling backward onto the mat, flat on her back.
The girls around them started murmuring instantly.
Elizabeth looked down at her. “See? It really does hurt,” she said as she offered her hand.
Wendy looked up at Elizabeth incredulously. 
“She can get up by herself,” Headmistress Darling said as she impassively took her place at her end of the mat.
Wendy slowly got up and faced the Headmistress again. “Thank you for the lesson, Headmistress,” Wendy said.
“Do you take defeat so easily? The lesson has hardly begun. Unless, of course, you wish to quit?” the Headmistress asked.
Wendy got into her ready stance.
The headmistress followed.
“Are you actually ready this time?” Headmistress Darling asked.
“Yes, Headmistress,” Wendy replied.
“Then do better this time,” Headmistress Darling said.
“Yes, Headmistress.” 
Wendy was clearly nervous. She balanced on the edge of her feet, shifting her weight and her center of gravity slightly as she prepared to react.
Without warning, the Headmistress darted forward again, straight for the killing blow. Wendy was slightly off guard as the attack came at her, and it took everything she had to parry the blow, and then the next one after that, and then the next one after that.
Wendy was desperate, swinging wildly and barely keeping the Headmistress’s sword at bay. All she could see in front of her was a flurry of steel, a whirlwind of strikes that Wendy was surprised she stopped each time she stopped them.
The force of Headmistress Darling’s attacks vibrated up Wendy’s arm and into her whole body, rattling her teeth and shaking her to the core with each strike.
Wendy could feel her arm going numb, and she wondered how she was able to even hold onto her sword from the vicious onslaught. Wendy could see Headmistress Darling’s face through the mesh guard, it was the same stern, impassive face she always had. She didn’t even look like she was focusing too hard, or exerting much effort. It took everything Wendy had to stay in the fight and the Headmistress looked like she was barely present in the moment.
That angered Wendy.
Which made her concentration slip.
Which allowed Headmistress Darling to bat aside her sword one more time. 
But this time the sword flew from Wendy’s hand and into the crowd. The crowd screamed and ducked for cover as the sword sailed past.
The Headmistress didn’t stop attacking. While Wendy’s attention was diverted to her lost sword, Headmistress Darling lunged forward, sword extended, piercing Wendy’s uniform over her heart and sending her flying backward through the air. Both Wendy and her sword landed on the ground at around the same time, although Wendy felt it more.
Without a word, the Headmistress resumed her spot on the mat.
“Someone bring Wendy her sword. Do try to hold onto it this time,” the Headmistress scolded.
Wendy winced as she picked herself up. She was in a lot of pain. Elizabeth handed her a sword.
“Thanks,” Wendy said.
“Don’t mention it,” Elizabeth replied.
Wendy slashed through the air angrily.
“Maintain your composure at all times,” the Headmistress lectured.
“I don’t need any more lessons right now,” Wendy shot back, to the shock and alarm of all the watching girls.
“As you wish. Show me what you have learned,” Headmistress Darling challenged.
Wendy drove forward with a yell, slashing and stabbing with reckless abandon. The Headmistress easily parried the blows before counter attacking, forcing Wendy on the defensive yet again. Wendy was confused and off balance, surprised that she had lost her momentum so quickly. 
The Headmistress charged forward, forcing Wendy back step by step. The slashes and stabs were coming from all angles, and Wendy was barely staying in the fight.
Headmistress Darling pulled back for a moment and then lunged forward, a killing blow. Wendy twirled out of the way and then slashed her sword upward, forcing the Headmistress back to defend. Wendy then followed her strike with two more from the side and one from beneath.
Before anyone knew what had happened, Wendy was on the offensive. She had forgotten her anger and had let herself get lost in the rhythm of the fight. Time seemed to slow down for Wendy as she executed strikes, feints, and the occasional parry to keep the Headmistress guessing and off balance.
Wendy couldn’t be sure, but she even thought she detected a bit of worry in the Headmistress’s stern expression. Maybe her lips were pressed a little too tightly? Maybe her gaze a little too intense? It didn’t matter, because Wendy was finally in her moment. Her strikes became an improvised dance made up of multiple choreographed fighting routines. She used them out of order, out of place, and mixed them together to create a confusing and dazzling display of swordplay that had the Headmistress stumbling backward faster and faster.
The edge of the mat was quickly coming up behind the Headmistress and all the girls in the gymnasium held their breath as Wendy’s victory became certain. Wendy never relented. She remained focused and continued her beautiful dance.
Finally, they were at the edge of the mat. It was time for Wendy to finish it.
Wendy battered Headmistress Darling from the right side, strike after strike, before reversing and following up with strikes from the left. Just as the Headmistress was regaining her footing and defending better from the left, Wendy went right again, only to circle back left and follow behind the trail of the Headmistress’s sword arc. Using the Headmistress’s momentum against her, Wendy struck her sword as hard as she could, bringing it out far too wide.
The Headmistress was completely open to attack.
Wendy pulled back and prepared for the killing strike.
But Headmistress Darling darted forward, right at Wendy, too close for swords.
She flipped Wendy’s helmet guard off of her head, pulled back her first and punched Wendy across the jaw. Wendy staggered backward, blood spilling from her split lip. Before Wendy could react, the Headmistress brought in her sword and scored a victory point in the middle of Wendy’s chest.
“The point is mine,” the Headmistress said.
Wendy cupped her bleeding, swollen lip, staring at the blood on her hand.
“You cheated!” Wendy blurted out.
Headmistress Darling held out her sword to be taken away.
“That is the lesson for today. Just because you play fair, you must never expect your opponent to do the same,” Headmistress Darling said.
“I had you beaten! So you cheated to keep from losing,” Wendy continued.
Headmistress Darling spared Wendy a withering glance.
“Get to the infirmary,” she said, and then walked off without another word.

Chapter 3: The dungeons

The castle was perched atop the peak of a snowy mountain with only one road leading to it. Multiple spires rose from the castle at different points, with none higher than the central spire with its red tinged sides. Far below, the mountain sat at the base of the sea. The ice floes continually bashed and wore it down, so that it looked like the mountain, and the castle atop it, were leaning over and preparing to crash into the icy waters.
This was the castle of Queen Magenta, an unfathomably dark place, where she practiced the most dangerous of magic. Many of the castle’s residents had been twisted and warped by her magic, becoming monstrosities with unimaginable strength. Unimaginable to all, but Queen Magenta, who constantly wanted more power and more magic. She wanted to rule Neverland like the sorcerers of long forgotten times, wanted to be as powerful as the Faerie Queens who had made Neverland from the magic of their own essence. But unlike those queens who had sacrificed themselves to become the land, Queen Magenta wanted to rule the land, to have it serve her will and purpose. And so while the Faerie Queens had created Neverland, Queen Magenta had created her castle. And none who visited it were ever the same.
The road that led to the castle twisted and wound its way through the snow, somehow remaining clean and untouched from the unrelenting blizzard. James galloped down that road, urging his horse faster, fighting the animal’s base instincts to turn and run from the approaching doom that loomed before them.
“It’s just a castle, old girl. Press on,” James urged his horse, but it was clear the animal knew better.
It whimpered and resisted slightly, but ultimately gave in to its familiar rider. The horse’s hooves beat against the old road, kicking up the black dirt that sprayed onto the nearby snow and melted through it like acid. James turned and looked back at the snow and then down at the road they travelled on, shaking his head. The road carved through the snow like a scar, keeping the snow at bay with its dark power.
The horse seemed to want to gallop higher and higher into the air, limiting whatever contact it had with the tar like substance. But gravity always brought it back down, and it was getting tired of leaping so high.
There was no other way, the snow rose up too high around them on either side to travel on, making it more like a corridor they rode through, than a road they rode on. And that corridor led to only one place: the dark, majestic castle on the top of the mountain.

*  *  *  *

Queen Magenta, the self-proclaimed ruler of Neverland, took great pride in her dungeons. While others might have had them as an afterthought, the Queen went out of her way to design and improve upon them with the latest research into dungeon despair conducted by a little known race of beings that lived in the caves of the snowy mountains. From them she had learned to create a honeycomb of cells, all overlooking a central area where interrogations and tortures could be carried out in full view of the other occupants. Often it was enough to get information out of a prisoner just by having them watch what happened to another and knowing their turn was next. 
The Queen did such a good job with her dungeons that it had the odd side effect of keeping the population in order and the dungeons mostly empty. Many had thought that the dungeons had outlived their usefulness, but the Queen knew that keeping the dungeons intact would help keep order intact. And nothing was more important to the Queen than order.
It was in one of these intelligently created dungeons that Peter found himself standing in. Peter could be about fifteen years old, if years ever made any attempt to claim a number on him. He had short brown hair and sparkling blue eyes. His clothes were more brown than green, but also seemed to be made without seams. He had boundless energy, almost manic, that seemed to want to phase his body around if he was standing still for too long. His eyes took in everything with excitement, discovering for the first time over and over what he had seen in a million. Peter was complete joy and fun and wonderment and more. He always wanted more, wherever he could get it. 
He stood in front of the bars of his small cell. He was, unfortunately, on the wrong end of those bars and stuck within that small cell. He looked out into the central area, where a lot of other cells like his lined the walls. Except for a lone skeleton in a nearby upper cell, Peter seemed to be the only person currently in the dungeon. While it was said that Queen Magenta’s magic was known to keep her soldiers alive long after death should have claimed them, the unmoving skeleton seemed to have lived out the rest of his days in the dungeon. 
Peter was bored and had nothing to do, so he tried pacing over to different areas of his cell. When that didn’t seem to do anything, or be particularly fun, he went back over to stand at the cell’s bars. Peter looked at the door a moment, a thought coming into his mind. Slowly, he reached out his hand and tested the door. It was locked, but it was always worth trying.
Peter tried it again, just to be sure. Still locked. Then Peter grabbed the bars of the door and started shaking it like crazy because you never knew when something wasn’t built just right. This door was.
Peter gave up with a loud sigh, resting his head on the bars. The sound of approaching footsteps jolted him up. He quickly backed away from the door and lay down on the small cot in the cell, pretending to be asleep.
James sauntered into the courtyard that all the cells adjoined. He was a tall, thin young man with medium length dark hair that always fell into his eyes. James seemed very sure of himself, and always wore a jeweled sword at his hip. He had grown up with privilege, knew nothing but privilege, but he had gone out of his way to understand that others had less than him and were, in fact, less than him, so he tried to pretend to treat them like equals, even though he knew they weren’t. 
Spotting Peter’s cell, James made his way over to it.
“Peter,” James said as he saw his friend lying on the cot.
Peter kept pretending to be asleep, for no specific reason he could think of. But since he also couldn’t think of a specific reason to stop pretending, he kept on doing it, if only to remain committed. 
“Peter!” James said, much louder.
Peter pretended to groggily wake up from his pretend sleep. He glanced around the cell until he made a showing of seeing his friend James.
“James? Is that you? I must have fallen asleep,” Peter said.
James looked at Peter with a wry look on his face.
“I heard you shaking the cell door,” James said.
Peter sat up and pointed to the skeleton in the nearby cell.
“It was him,” Peter said.
“It wasn’t him, he never shakes the bars,” James said.
Peter looked at the slumped over skeleton and conceded the point. He jumped up out of the cot and approached James. 
“Then you must have been hearing things,” Peter said, coming to stand right beside his friend on the opposite side of the bars.
“I must have, because I heard that you helped a faerie escape,” James told him sternly.
“Who told you that?” Peter feigned surprise.
“The pirates,” James said.
“What do they know?” Peter asked.
“My mother also mentioned it,” James said.
“What does she know?” Peter asked.
James leaned in close.
“You also talked in your sleep, when you were really sleeping,” he said.
“What do I know?” Peter asked, exasperated.
James shook his head and regarded his friend.
“Why do you aggravate my mother so?” James asked.
“It wasn’t my fault, she’s easily aggravated,” Peter replied.
Peter tried standing in another area of his cell, to see if it felt different.
“While that may be true, it won’t help you if you continue to get on her bad side,” James said.
Peter had concluded that it didn’t feel any different between standing in one spot of his cell or the other, so he went back to the first spot. 
“Isn’t that her only side?” Peter asked, eyeing yet another spot to stand. 
“Yes, actually, it is. What are you doing?” James asked, watching Peter walk about the cell and stand in different spots.
Peter waved the question away as unimportant.
“Look, clearly I’m not on your mother’s side, because I’m in here. And clearly you are, because you’re out there. Perhaps it’s time for you to reconsider which side you’re really on?” Peter asked.
“I know exactly which side I’m on, I’m on the side that can get you out of the dungeons every time you find yourself back in them,” James explained.
“Ah,” Peter said, pretending to think it over. “Good strategy.”
James looked Peter in the eye, getting very serious.
“It is a good strategy. What’s not a good strategy is freeing faeries,” James said.
“It was Belle,” Peter pointed out.
“Don’t give it a name,” James said in disgust.
“I didn’t, she already had one.” 
It was clear from the way they were talking that they had had this conversation about faeries many times before. It was also clear that they had never reached a common ground to think about them in.
“They’re just faeries, Peter. They’re not real people,” James said, for what felt like the hundredth time.
“Your mother,” Peter started.
“Queen Magenta, the ruler of all the land,” James cut him off.
“Not all the land,” Peter said.
“Not yet,” James added.
“She’s capturing all the faeries for some unknown reason. Unless, of course, the unknown reason is known to you?” Peter asked.
“It isn’t,” James conceded.
“I didn’t want Belle captured for whatever that reason is. At least not until we find out what that reason is, and even then it’s probably not a good enough reason to want to be captured by anyone,” Peter was trying to work out his logic out loud.
James sighed loudly, shaking his head as he looked at his friend. “Do you hear yourself sometimes?”
“I hear myself all the time.”
“They’re just faeries, Peter,” James said again, knowing it wouldn’t make a difference but needing to say it anyway.
“Her name is Belle,” Peter said again, not willing to let the importance of the idea die down.
“I don’t care! And neither should you!” James shouted.
“Clearly your mother, the Queen, does care,” Peter said, beginning to raise his own voice as well, although not nearly as much as James was.
“That’s right, she is the Queen. I’m glad we can at least agree on that. And you’d best stay out of the Queen’s business if you know what’s good for you,” James said.
“I’ll do my best,” Peter said.
James looked at him for a moment, not believing it for a second.
“You better,” James said, not convinced.
“I will,” Peter tried to say solemnly.
“You won’t!” James concluded.
“How do you know?” Peter demanded, finally beginning to get his voice almost as loud as James.
“Because you talk in your sleep,” James yelled.
“I wasn’t sleeping, I was pretending!” Peter yelled back.
They both glared at each other for a moment, frustrated and angry that they couldn’t get their friend to see things from their point of view.
“Are you going to open the door or not?” Peter asked.
“I’m wondering what the point is, since you’re going to find yourself right back in there anyway!” James said.
The two friends launched into a tirade of yelling back and forth at each other, trying to raise their voice louder with each successive line.
“Well, do it or don’t, I’m missing out on some much needed sleeping!”
“You already admitted you weren’t sleeping!”
“All the more reason I need it now!”
“Fine!”
“Great!”
“Okay!”
Peter thought on this a moment, lowering his voice from their shouting match to lean forward. “Okay you’re going to open the door? Or okay you’re going to leave me here to sleep?” he asked.
“I’m opening the door!” James yelled back.
Peter nodded, finding his place in the shouting match. 
“Get on with it then!” he yelled.
James angrily fumbled for the keys, dropping them in his haste. He leaned over to pick them up and hit his head on the cell door. Holding his head in pain and glaring at Peter as if it were his fault, which, in a way, it was, James finally got the door unlocked and open.
“There! It’s open!” James said needlessly.
“I can see that!” Peter replied.
“Then get out before I change my mind!” 
Peter stuck his foot straight out and took an exaggerated step out of his prison cell.
“Happy?” Peter asked.
“Unbelievably,” James responded.
While the two so called friends were yelling at each other, the skeleton from the only other occupied cell raised its head and watched the proceedings with an unreadable expression, which skeletons find quite easy to do. Apparently, the skeleton had not yet lived out the rest of his days, and the last thing he wanted to do was continue to listen to the arguing. Unfortunately, it looked like the two of them were going to go on forever. The skeleton shook his head and sighed. 
“Would you two keep it down over there!” the skeleton yelled at them.
Peter and James instantly stopped yelling and turned to the source of the sound. They looked at the skeleton apologetically, not being alarmed in the slightest that a skeleton was telling them to be quiet. There were things that happened in Neverland that never happened anywhere else.
“Some of us really are trying to sleep!” the skeleton continued.
“Sorry,” Peter called out.
“We’ll be leaving now,” James added.
James tried to close the dungeon door as quietly as possible and cringed when it clanged shut. 
“Quiet, you’re going to upset him again,” Peter admonished in a hushed tone.
“It’s a heavy door, it makes noise,” James tried to defend himself.
The skeleton watched from his cell as the two friends continued to bicker back and forth as they made their way out. This effectively left the skeleton as the sole occupant of the dungeons, not counting rats and invisible creatures, which no one was able to prove or disprove existed.
“Out so soon?” the skeleton said to itself as it shook its head and watched Peter leave.
The skeleton tried resting its head and draping its arm against the door of its cell, shifting slightly before it found a comfortable spot. “Amateur.”

Chapter 4: A ballroom of enemies

When it came to magnificence and making an impression, Queen Magenta spared no expense in time, money, or effort. She believed that to humble your enemies with a show of wealth and power was the best way to win a war that hadn’t yet started. And in Queen Magenta’s mind, all wars were inevitable, just waiting for their time to start.
So every year she invited all her enemies to a magnificent ball in her magnificent ballroom, in her magnificent castle. Everyone was required to attend, and everyone always attended, even though they were scared of Queen Magenta, and her castle, and the unknown things that lurked within it. They always pretended to have a good time, and always left shaken and a little disturbed at the depth of Queen Magenta’s ambition.
The ballroom took up a large part of Queen Magenta’s castle, with an incredibly high ceiling and windows that almost stretched the length of it. Light was a major factor of importance in the huge room, day or night, light was designed to bounce off the various reflective surfaces and make its way over to shine on Queen Magenta’s throne. And the light always did what it was supposed to do, or the Queen would simply not be happy with it.
Queen Magenta’s throne was usually where someone could find Queen Magenta, if there was anyone who actually wanted to find her. The throne was a beastly thing, enormous, elegant, with gems, rubies and diamonds set throughout its hulking structure. There were dragon heads carved into its base and around the arm rests and rising up on either side of the headrest, making it look like two massive horns extending from her head. If that wasn’t imposing enough, the heads actually moved, tails slithered, forked tongues would extend and lick her hands as she sat and surveyed her guests. The Queen would feign ignorance at the level of unease her throne would evoke, but she knew how much dread it helped create. 
Her guests, for their part, did their best to try and look like they were enjoying the ball. They would take turns mingling as near to Queen Magenta and her throne as they could stand, before making their way back and letting some other unfortunate soul pay their due. The Queen would watch them as they talked, danced, or ate. A cold smile always on her lips. She would watch them pretending not to watch her out of the corner of their eyes and she would relish their suppressed fear. Creating fear and dread were her favorite things. It was so much easier to rule an empire when people feared you, it would be so much easier to rule Neverland if the land feared her. 
The only problem was, of course, that she didn’t rule Neverland. That was the one thing that always remained just out of her grasp. And she badly, badly wanted to rule all of it. Queen Magenta came from royalty, and by all rights her family should have continued ruling Neverland for centuries, if not forever. What had stopped her family’s reign, or more specifically, her own, was the largest and most technologically advanced city in Neverland: Nevinia. 
Nevinia was a marvel, a shining city of splendor and steam powered contraptions. All manner of creatures made Nevinia their home, and its power slowly grew over the ages. 
It had soaring towers, and sprawling underground caverns. It had its own commerce, businesses, paved streets, and even street lights that came on at night. It had culture, and legal systems, and political influence. 
Unfortunately, it didn’t realize it had political influence until that influence was almost unstoppable. Nevinia challenged her family’s monarchy on some ridiculous notion that all sentient creatures should be equal and have a say on any matters regarding Neverland and its fate. So Nevinia created a silly little voting system to make it so. What started as a small taste for choosing something, anything at all, soon grew out of control to wanting to make their own laws, to elect their own officials, and to create laws to elect officials to create even more laws. 
Before anyone had known what had happened, Nevinia had elected a Governor to share the rule of Neverland with the Queen, whether the Queen liked it or not. And the Queen most definitely did not. The Governor did his best to bring the will of the people, at least the ones that lived in Nevinia, to the forefront of any ruling matter. 
Of course, the pirates of the seas around the land didn’t like that one bit. And as lawless and mischievous as they were, the pirates were all for any order that involved having them control whatever order there was. So the various pirate captains formed a ruling council of their own that was then ruled by Captain One Eyed Blackbeard of the three lands of the six seas. 
Captain Blackbeard was known for plundering and taking what he wanted, so now he was blundering and making various laws for the various pirates involved in the pirate council, which was pretty much all of them. Not to say that there wasn’t a pirate council before Blackbeard, there most certainly was, but now there was a pirate council that cared about what happened not only on the seas, but on the land as well.
It was a perfect triumvirate of disharmony, but it somehow helped keep the peace. The people were okay with it, and even wanted it. And so, without any doubt in her devious mind, the Queen hated it and was not okay with it, and wanted nothing short of the rule of Neverland reserved solely for herself. 
Giving people a say in how they would be governed? What a preposterous idea! People needed to be told what to do, and shown how to do it. They always got into trouble when they tried to think for themselves. 
But Nevinia had too much power to be stopped, at least openly, so they made a commoner into a Governor. They even made the Governor his own castle! And gave him guards and joined in his army. 
And anyone who couldn’t, or wouldn’t, get behind Nevinia and its Governor either stayed out of its way, joined the Queen, or became a pirate. So the pirates spread in numbers like never before, and built more ships and fought harder against the Queen and Governor’s armies. That is, when they weren’t fighting for votes and laws to build their own armies. 
It was the most ridiculous thing the Queen had ever heard of and it had been going on for far too long. But there was nothing the Queen could do about it in the present moment. The sole rule of Neverland was beyond her grasp. 
In fact, Queen Magenta had never known what it was like to rule Neverland for herself, something that was a first amongst her family, and she had no one left to share in the misery of this farce. Her sister, her only surviving family member, had been so disgusted with the whole thing that she had simply up and left, leaving Queen Magenta to pretend to treat the commoners and the pirates with respect and dignity. 
How absurd!
She was the Queen!
It was her birthright to save the people from themselves, to rule and guide them and tell them what was best for them. To that end, she worked tirelessly to dispose Nevinia and its Governor, and the pirates, and throw down the convoluted system of madness the commoners had forced upon all of them.
Her display of dread and power was simply the first weapon in her coming war to retake her land and status. She would play their little games for now, throw her displays of greatness, and pretend to follow their rules while she built up her power in manipulating the dark of the shadows. And when she had the shadows, she would have Neverland. And then she would save it from the ancient threat that was coming. 
So she sat on her throne, and she watched them, and she planned her coming war. In the end they would thank her, they would follow her, they would worship her, and she would save them, she would save them all. And in that end she would finally be the true Queen of the land.
She could be satisfied with that.
Queen Magenta rose from her throne, suddenly and decisively. 
The crowd gave out a quick gasp as those pretending not to be watching her stopped in mid dance, or mid conversation, and just stared at her and waited. She swept her gaze over them and they quickly remembered to continue pretending to do whatever it was they were not doing while they were really watching her.
The Queen smiled.
Dorian appeared quickly at her side, standing quite comfortably beside the animated dragon throne.  He was extremely tall and thin, with straight white hair that was probably a bit too long. He had pale, almost transparent skin, that was probably stretched a bit too tight over his bony frame. Dorian was very old, but in spite of his age and lack of weight, Dorian had a tough, dangerous feel about him. His body seemed filled with tightly coiled muscle, weathered and aged, but strong and thick like tough leather.  
Dorian’s age was a favorite guessing game among the people, for even the oldest among them remembered a time when they were young and Dorian was still old. It called to mind whispers of words like unnatural, and magical, but no one ever dared ask the grim, old man just how old he really was. There were some who thought that he was the first pirate lord of the seas, but he would have to be much too old to be that. 
“I hate it every time you throw one of these things,” Dorian told her.
“I know,” she replied. 
Whatever Dorian was, or however old he was, he was the one person who was unperturbed by the Queen. He seemed, if such a thing were possible, almost to be her equal.
She scanned the crowd, watched as the people quickly looked away.
“Has the Governor arrived?” she asked Dorian.
Dorian didn’t look out among the crowd for the answer. 
“Why should I care?”
The Queen snarled, barely containing her anger.
“He’s doing this on purpose. Keeping me waiting as a sign of his importance, or power, or whatever it is he thinks he has,” she said. 
“He thinks he has the will of the people of Nevinia. And he does.”
“I will abolish this silly tradition of electing and equality. There can be no equality in a world where power exists.”
“The pirates are strong, they will fight you.”
“That’s why I have you and your pirates.”
“You don’t have us forever.”
The crowd parted slightly, and the Governor stepped forward.
“Governor, so good of you to come. We were just talking about you,” the Queen said, plastering a wide smile on her face and descending the steps from her throne.
“As if I had the choice,” the Governor said as he made his way through the crowd.
The Queen gave out a low, evil chuckle.
“Of course you didn’t,” she said, delighting in his misfortune to be so near her, even though it was also her misfortune to be so near him. 
The Governor was a large, round man with graying hair and sagging skin. He didn’t look like he cared much for appearances or politeness, his arena was action and decisiveness. He was an old army general, who wanted nothing better than to lead his army. It was a shock, at first, when the people of Nevinia voted him into power. But he soon learned to put up with the politics and social maneuverings, even if he didn’t fully understand them. In the end, the Governor knew his place, it was standing right in front of the Queen and making sure that her lust for power didn’t doom Nevinia into an unending age of tyranny.
“We must dance,” the Queen said, indicating the watchful people around them.
The Governor took her cue and huffed and snorted, not liking the idea at all.
“Get on with it then,” he managed.
“With each other,” the Queen clarified.
She stepped in close and put her arms around the Governor, adding a little spell that cooled her body and chilled the Governor until his teeth started chattering.
“Have you no end to tricks?” he asked, staring at her as coldly as he felt.
“No end at all,” she assured him.
The two danced around the ball, weaving and twirling through the crowd who applauded and smiled as they passed.
“Nevinia wants to vote to lessen both our armies,” the Governor told her.
Queen Magenta laughed.
“Feel free to lessen yours whenever you like,” she said.
“No one wants war,” the Governor said.
She looked into his eyes, deep into his eyes, holding his gaze locked as they continued to move about the ballroom.
“I do,” she said simply. “I want war, and destruction, and death. Mostly yours,” she clarified.
The Governor, seeing a true glimpse of Magenta, was unable to stave off his shock. Even after knowing years of the horror of war, something about Queen Magenta unnerved him to the core.
“Why?” he asked.
“Because I don’t like you,” she said. “And because I want to rule Neverland as my family was meant to rule, to usher in a new age of prosperity and harmony.”
“We have that now, with the people given some voice and control to the way they want their lives run,” the Governor said.
“What we have now is a farce that can never last,” she said with a snarl. “Nevinia’s citizens don’t know what is good for them, they only think they do. They need to be led, and shown, and told what to do. They need me, in all my glory and beauty. Not you, a pathetic substitute.”
Queen Magenta pushed the Governor back as they danced, forcing him into a dip. The Governor quickly got out of the Queen’s grasp and straightened up, looking around, embarrassed.
The Queen just laughed.
“I should kill you right now,” the Governor hissed in an angry whisper.
Queen Magenta spread her arms out wide on either side of her, an invitation.
“You should, this is the best chance you’ll get. But you won’t. Because you are now a noble, whatever you think that word means. Because you live by some code, whatever you think that code gets you. And because you are weak, in every possible way, weak.”
She stepped toward him as she spoke, her eyes never leaving his, her step steady and firm.
“There is an old power in the world, and it is gathering strength. Neverland needs true leadership if it is to survive the coming storm. I will destroy you and take back Neverland and insure that it survives. And I will use your grave as a monument to all those who would ever think about rebellion. You will be famous, as the last Governor who was foolish and misguided enough to ever dare stand up to the Queen.”
The Governor held his ground as she approached, until their faces were just inches away.
“Your suffering and death will be the tale of legend,” she said to him.
They stayed in that moment, locked like statues, neither willing to back down first.
“I know a thing or two about legend,” a voice said from their side.
They both turned to regard Captain One Eyed Blackbeard.
He stood apart from the gathering, or at least, the gathering stood apart from him. He took off his pirate hat and bowed low, his thick, black, messy hair spilling all over itself to mingle with his equally thick and messy black beard from where he got his name. He had a patch over his left eye, and scars marked his face completely. His clothes were mismatched, torn, yet functional. And he wore a heavy, weathered brown coat that looked older than he was. Blackbeard straightened up and put his hat back on his head, giving them a smile filled with gold teeth. He looked as out of place at a ball as it was possible to look.
“Blackbeard, of the three lands of the six seas, at your service,” the Captain said, surprisingly polite for such a fearsome looking pirate.
Standing respectfully behind him and off to the side, was a young woman with fiery red hair which fought to come free against the various pins she used to keep it up. She wore similar clothes as Blackbeard, without the coat or nice looking pirate hat. She kept her head down, her gaze lowered.
“My first mate, Mary,” Blackbeard said, not even bothering to look behind.
Mary looked up and gave an embarrassed smile before returning her gaze to the ground.
“What are you doing here?” the Governor asked with contempt, using the pirate’s entrance to get some distance from the Queen.
“I was invited,” Blackbeard said, adjusting the patch on his eye, and scratching incessantly just underneath it. “This thing itches terribly so. Isn’t that right, Mary?”
Mary smiled and kept her head down, not bothering to answer because Blackbeard wasn’t bothering to wait for one.
“If I must tell you again, I will. The people of Nevinia don’t recognize a pirate as having any authority over the ruling of the land,” the Governor told him with contempt.
“The people of the land, maybe, but the people of the sea have quite a lot to say about it, don’t ye doubt,” Blackbeard assured him.
The Queen chuckled, though there was no mirth.
“As if you two would know anything about ruling over anyone. This matter is quite beyond the both of you, I assure you,” the Queen told them.
“Nevertheless, the pirates stand united, and ready to fight for what’s ours.”
“What do you mean fight for what’s yours? What’s currently yours is the business of attacking and stealing from other ships,” the Governor said incredulously.
“And a hard business it is,” Blackbeard assured him.
“This is preposterous,” the Governor concluded.
The Queen turned back to her throne.
“It is temporary. Enjoy our little truce, for as long as it lasts. In short time the only thing the people of the land or sea will be voting for is how the two of you will be executed.”
Queen Magenta sat back down on her ornate throne.
“Enjoy the rest of the ball,” she said, and waved her hand dismissively at them.
The Governor and Captain watched the woman with contempt.
“I do hate that woman,” the Governor said.
“On that, if nothing else, we are agreed,” Captain Blackbeard replied, scratching vigorously at the patch over his left eye.
The Governor watched him, his lip curling in disgust.
“You’re probably going to get that infected,” he said.
Blackbeard finally stopped itching to give him a gold toothed smile and a chuckle.
“It’s always infected, lad,” the Captain said, before turning away and parting the crowd.
“Mary!” he called out behind him.
Mary snapped to attention, bowing quickly to the Governor and then following along after Captain One Eyed Blackbeard, of the three lands of the six seas of the infected missing eye.


Chapter 5: The last detention

Wendy lay fast asleep in her bed, her arms and legs sprawled out in all directions, the blankets thrown about every which way. She had a swollen, split lip, from where the Headmistress had punched her and was deep in sleep, the kind only reached by a hard day’s effort. She would have liked to go on sleeping for a very long time, and possibly miss the next hard day’s effort, but a hand reached out and grabbed her shoulder, shaking her violently.
“Wake up!” Elizabeth said to her urgently.
Wendy opened her eyes in confusion and alarm. She took a moment to figure out her surroundings and focus on her friend and roommate. Finally realizing her friend wasn’t a threat, or anything to be confused about, Wendy turned away from Elizabeth, trying to gather the blankets around her.
“Not yet. Just give me a few more days,” Wendy mumbled.
Elizabeth reached out and pulled all the blankets off of Wendy and the bed.
“If you thought Headmistress Darling was tough on you in fencing class, you do not want her shooting at you in archery practice,” Elizabeth said.
Wendy, still half conscious, made a feeble effort to grab the blankets and get them back. Elizabeth watched Wendy’s hand pawing at the air for a moment, nowhere near the blankets.
“What are you doing?”
Wendy looked up and saw the great distance between her hand and where Elizabeth held the blankets. She dropped her hand and head back down to the bed in surrender. 
“When am I ever going to need to shoot arrows in the real world?” she asked.
“I don’t recall you asking that question when you were beating me in fencing,” Elizabeth responded.
“That’s because I’m better at fencing than you are,” Wendy said.
“And I’m better at archery than you are, so we’re going. Get dressed,” Elizabeth said.
Wendy sighed dramatically, she sat up and swung her legs out of bed.
“Is Alexandria ready?” she asked.
“It’s your turn to find out,” Elizabeth said.
“Can we at least do it together this time?” Wendy pleaded.
“I can be standing beside you when you find out.”
“Fine.” 
Wendy stood up and wiped the sleep out of her eyes.
“Do you really think Headmistress Darling would shoot me?” Wendy asked thoughtfully.

*  *  *  *

Wendy and Elizabeth stood outside of a closed dorm room, staring at the door and not moving. The door had a variety of warnings taped all over it, telling people to stay out, keep away, and that intruders would be dealt with swiftly. It was the only door that was decorated at the school, and the only door that was allowed to be. The girls at the school often wondered why Alexandria was allowed this level of expression when none of them were. Most thought it was because the Headmistress enjoyed the fear that Alexandria created through her various experiments and inventions. Others thought that it was a justified warning against a very real threat of harm. Whatever it was, Wendy and Elizabeth seemed to be taking the warnings seriously, as they both stood in front of the decorated door in silence, neither of them willing to open it.
“Go ahead,” Wendy said.
“You open it!” Elizabeth said a little too quickly. “It’s your turn, remember?”
Both girls stayed rooted to the spot.
“She probably wouldn’t do anything to the door, right? I mean, she has to use it also,” Wendy reasoned.
“Right. So why don’t you try it?”
“I thought we agreed you were going to try it,” Wendy said.
“That was last time. I did it last time. I still haven’t forgotten last time,” Elizabeth said.
Wendy reached her hand out for the door. Elizabeth held her breath. Wendy pulled her hand back quickly and both girls jumped.
“Did you feel something?” Wendy asked nervously.
“No.”
“Did something just go off?” Wendy asked.
“I don’t think so,” Elizabeth said as she scanned the door, wide eyed.
“Okay,” Wendy said, but still didn’t move.
Elizabeth watched the door, and then Wendy, and then the door again.
“You’re stalling,” Elizabeth said.
Wendy gathered up her courage.
“Right, together then,” she said.
Elizabeth took a step away from the door.
“No together. Hello? Last time, remember? This is all you. I agreed to stand beside you while you get whatever it is that’s coming to you.” 
“Are you willing to reconsider?” Wendy asked.
“I am not,” Elizabeth told her.
“I’d be eternally grateful,” Wendy tried.
“Not worth it.”
There was nothing else to be done about it. If they wanted the door opened, then Wendy would have to be the one to open it. Wendy cringed and reached out her hand, slowly she rested it on the knob and looked at Elizabeth.
Nothing happened.
So she turned the knob, also very, very slowly.
Nothing happened again.
Elizabeth urged her to keep going. Wendy shook her head and slowly, agonizingly slowly, opened the door. The door creaked ominously as it opened into Alexandria’s dorm room.
Nothing happened for the third and final time. 
From the relief on the girl’s faces, it was clear that whatever they expected the door to do, besides open, it was not going to do it today. 
“I guess we go in,” Wendy said, exhaling deeply.
“I guess so,” Elizabeth said.
Through the open door, they could see a room filled with notes and formula scrawled quickly on various bits of paper and taped to the walls. Sometimes the written equations went off the papers and onto the walls themselves, only to be picked up by another taped piece of paper somewhere else along the wall. Part of the lone window was painted black, and then left abandoned, allowing the sunlight to filter into the room, if it dared. The floor was covered with a variety of gadgets and tools. Wastebaskets were strewn around the room, most of them empty as things lay about the floor that were supposed to be in the wastebasket. Wendy and Elizabeth peered further into the room to see Alexandria standing on a desk and writing on the ceiling.
Alexandria had medium to short, purple wavy hair. It kept getting in her eyes, and she kept blowing it off. She had sunglasses perched on her head with one of the lenses missing. Her eyes darted everywhere, to what she was currently writing, to what she had written across the room, to the half painted window, trying to take in everything, trying to move as fast as her thoughts. She wore a band on her forearm with a variety of pens and pencils attached for ease of access. As she was writing, her pen stopped working. Alexandria threw it on the floor without much thought and grabbed another from her band and kept on writing.
There was an odd substance in the room, bits of white, hardened foam, and it was all over the place. It was on the ceiling, on the walls, stuck to the desk and floor. A bit of it trailed down the painted black window.
“You two going to come in or what?” Alexandria asked, not looking away from her writing or giving any other indication that she had even seen her two friends. 
Wendy and Elizabeth took a step inside, trying to stay in the center of the room and not touch anything.
“We’re in,” Elizabeth confirmed, much too scared to move.
But Wendy’s curiosity got the better of her. She approached some of the hardened foam on the wall, bent over to get a better look, and pressed it with her finger. Elizabeth kept shaking her head as Wendy did it, knowing it wouldn’t end well.
“What is this stuff?” Wendy asked in wonder.
Alexandria continued to write on the ceiling as she spoke.
“Latest experiment, didn’t quite work out according to plan. Whatever you do, don’t touch any of it,” Alexandria said.
Wendy immediately straightened up and pulled her finger away. She started trying to wipe the foam remnants from her finger onto the wall.
“What happens if you touch it?” she asked in worry.
Alexandria was lost in thought staring at the equation on her wall. She started mumbling to herself. “But if I carry the energy from the end and loop it back onto itself, it should have enough heat to continue,” she thought out loud.
“Alex! What happens if I touch it?” Wendy asked, much more forcefully.
Alexandria tapped her pen against her cheek as she thought.
“But where would the heat go?”
“Alex!”
“If you’re lucky it will just numb your hand for a few months,” she said absentmindedly.
Wendy intensified her efforts, dragging her hand back and forth along the wall vigorously.
“If you’re not lucky it might melt off part of your hand, seeping inside and laying little tiny eggs that would replicate and slowly eat their way back out,” Alexandria continued.
“Alexandria!” Wendy yelled up at her friend.
Alexandria finally looked down at the two of them and smiled.
“Just kidding, it’s harmless. Well, mostly,” she said as she abandoned her equation and hopped down off the desk.
“What’s mostly harmless mean?” Wendy asked as she stared at her hand, looking for any traces of the white goo.
“Are we late for archery practice?” Alexandria asked, ignoring the question.
“We are,” Elizabeth said, still standing perfectly in the middle of the room, away from everything, her hands pressed tightly to her sides to make herself as small as possible.
Alexandria snorted as she laughed at Elizabeth. “Like you would ever miss it,” she said.
Wendy looked around the room, absently continuing to wipe her hand on things.
“Didn’t you have a roommate?” Wendy asked, seeing the empty second bed.
“Her name was Nancy,” Alexandria replied.
“Was?” Wendy asked, sharing a look with Elizabeth.
It was hard enough for Wendy and Elizabeth to even enter the domain of Alexandria’s dorm room, but to imagine a poor girl forced to live there was more than either of the two girls could manage.
“Nancy still is, but Nancy is leaving,” Alexandria clarified.
Wendy and Elizabeth let out the breath they didn’t know they were holding.
“Didn’t Nancy just get this room with you?” Elizabeth asked.
“She did. But now she’s requesting a transfer. They’re going to put her in a room of three, something this school just doesn’t do, but for Nancy’s sake, I mean case, they decided they would make an exception,” Alexandria said as she busied herself with getting ready for class.
“You luck out every year with your own room,” Elizabeth said.
“Luck has nothing to do with it,” Alexandria replied.
“Everyone’s scared of her and her experiments. I’m scared of her and her experiments,” Wendy explained.
“Thank you,” Alexandria knew full well her reputation at the school, even if she pretended otherwise. She decided she quite liked the aura of fear and awe her intelligence brought out around the girls.
But as smart as she was, Alexandria could be prone to fits of losing her train of thought, daydreaming when she should be paying attention, and simply not caring about what it was that people around her wanted her to care about. So she picked up another notebook and started writing the ideas down for a new invention she had just thought of.
“Remember archery practice?” Elizabeth prompted.
“I hate archery practice,” Alexandria said.
“Everyone hates archery practice,” Wendy said.
“Not true, remember something I can finally beat you at? We’re all going. Not least because we’ll get detention if we don’t,” Elizabeth said.
The thought of detention snapped Alexandria out of her note taking and into her getting ready to go mode.
“You’re right, we should go,” she said, with the same look every girl who had ever had detention with Headmistress Darling got when thinking about getting detention with Headmistress Darling again.
“We should go right now,” Alexandria concluded forcefully. 
Alexandria walked over to her closet and opened the door. As soon as she did, Wendy and Elizabeth heard the sounds of frantic mumbling coming from within. Curious, and also a little scared, the two girls crept forward and peered into the closet. There was Nancy, stuck inside, covered almost completely in the white, foamy, sticky sludge that was all over the rest of the room. Only her head and parts of her limbs were visible. Her mouth had a heaping of the stuff plastered over it, keeping her from talking.
“I’m going now. The foam should dissolve away in a bit of time. Don’t worry, it’s quite harmless. It actually could be beneficial for whitening your teeth. Probably. Try to be packed up and gone before I come back,” Alexandria said curtly.
Nancy tried to muffle out a response but Alexandria closed the door, not really caring what she had to say. She turned to go, and then had a thought. She opened the closet door again.
“And make sure you clean the place up before you go,” Alexandria said before closing the door again.
She took a step away from the door, had another thought, and took a step back, opening it again.
“Oh, and one more thing: If you have archery practice right now, you’re going to miss it.”
Alexandria closed the door again and left the room, not even waiting for Wendy and Elizabeth to catch up.

*  *  *  *

Elizabeth stood in a perfect pose, bow in her hand, quiver on her back, arrow pulled and ready to fire. Beside her Wendy stood hunched, bow barely held in her hand and half on the ground, quiver fully on the ground on her other side. 
The girls were all lined up on one end of a long field, on the other end at varying distances were an assortment of targets, from standard circles, to various objects, to some even resembling humanoid targets.
“Are you going to stand there all day or are you going to fire?” Wendy asked, looking extremely bored and irritated.
“Just let me have my moment,” Elizabeth said, basking in her own glory.
“You’ve been having your moment for the past few minutes. Either it’s come and gone, or it’s never going to be,” Wendy pointed out.
“Fine, have it your way,” Elizabeth said, aiming and firing at one of the further targets.
Her arrow flew straight and true, embedding itself in the center of her target.
“Believe me, this is not having it my way. Nice shot,” Wendy said.
“Wasn’t it?” Elizabeth said as she quickly spun around, grabbed another arrow, turned and fired again.
Dead center again.
“You could like this a little less,” Wendy said as she struggled with her bow, fighting to get the arrow in, trying to aim and then letting her arrow fly wide.
“Nice shot,” Elizabeth said.
“Missed again,” Wendy replied.
“Yes, but the arrow actually got airborne this time,” Elizabeth pointed out.
All around them other girls held similar bows and fired at their respective targets, with instructors walking up and down the line and checking form and giving instructions. It was a beautiful day, the sun was up and shining, and there was no hint of any kind of a mysterious portal or other world. It was the kind of day that Wendy could really enjoy, if she didn’t have to attend archery practice.
“Missed again.” 
“Are you even aiming?” Elizabeth asked as she hit two targets in quick succession.
“I’m aiming, it’s the hitting part that’s getting lost in translation,” Wendy replied.
Beside Wendy, Alexandria stared thoughtfully at her bow, not even trying to use it. She held it up, looking at it from different angles.
“There’s an invention in here somewhere,” Alexandria said to herself.
“Missed again,” Wendy said.
“You didn’t even fire an arrow that time!” Elizabeth pointed out.
“Yes, well, I thought I’d just skip to the end result,” Wendy explained.
As the two girls talked, they could see in the distance Headmistress Darling making her way down the line of girls. She was mostly shaking her head disapprovingly and giving instructions on the lack of performance she was witnessing. Pamela walked beside her, smiling encouragingly at the girls and giving them pats on the back, mostly when the Headmistress wasn’t looking. 
Wendy and Elizabeth shared an uneasy look.
“She’s heading right toward us,” Elizabeth said.
“Maybe she’s heading right past us?” Wendy offered hopefully.
“And giving up an opportunity to harass you?” Elizabeth asked.
“Unlikely,” Alexandria said, not looking up from her slightly tilted and thoroughly examined bow.
Elizabeth brought up her bow and took aim at another target.
“You should probably pretend to be trying,” she said.
“I was trying!” Wendy replied.
“Try harder,” Elizabeth let fly another arrow that found another bull’s-eye. Wendy tried to ignore the approaching Headmistress while she worked on her stance, leveling her bow and nocking her arrow. She aimed at a nearby target with her wavering bow, trying to steady her breathing and focus. Wendy adjusted her stance, bow, and aim several times. She let out a breath and focused. She was focusing for a while before she realized that all sound had stopped. There was no shooting, no girl’s talking, no laughter or really any kind of sound at all. Even the birds had completely stopped.
Slowly, she turned her head to see the Headmistress standing right beside her.
Everyone else had stopped what they were doing to watch what was going to happen to Wendy. Wendy very badly wished to be everyone else at that moment.
“We haven’t got all day, Wendy,” Headmistress Darling said.
“Haven’t we?” Wendy asked weakly, slightly lowering her bow.
“Bow up!” Headmistress Darling commanded.
Wendy shot her bow back up to the ready position with a startled instinct born from years of being yelled at by the Headmistress.
“Stance secure!” the Headmistress barked again.
Wendy found herself finding her footing without really meaning to. She cursed her mind for belonging more to the Headmistress than herself.
“Target sighted!” the Headmistress barked the next order that Wendy blindly followed. 
Wendy aimed at the nearest, biggest, most colorful target in front of her, something she was bound to hit if she could only get the arrow to cooperate and fly through the air properly. She took a deep breath and stilled herself.
“Too close! Pick one of the further targets!” 
Wendy almost jumped out of her skin and shot the arrow wildly. 
“I can’t even hit the closer one.” 
“What did you say?” the Headmistress asked.
Wendy wisely kept quiet while retrieving another arrow. Through some measure of self control, she managed to hold onto her bow with shaking hands and find a target that was further away. She looked sideways at the Headmistress for approval, but Headmistress Darling was eagerly watching the target and waiting. Wendy looked around, all the other girls were eagerly watching the target and waiting.  
“Take aim and fire,” the Headmistress said in a somewhat softer voice, which was to say the Headmistress wasn’t yelling at her quite as loudly. 
Pamela nodded encouragingly at Wendy. She could do this. 
It was now or never. Wendy did her best to still her nerves. She looked at the target she knew Elizabeth could have shot in her sleep. It wasn’t that far away. She could do this. She would do this, if only to avoid detention for another day. Wendy took in a long breath and held it, she focused on the target until it was the only thing left in the world. Then she closed her eyes and fired.
She heard the wonderful sound of her arrow hitting the target. Unable to believe it, Wendy opened her eyes to confirm that her arrow was, in fact, embedded in a target. It was a little closer to the edge than the middle, but that didn’t matter. Wendy jumped into the air and gave out a small victory yell.
Wendy looked at the Headmistress, smug with pride. The Headmistress did not look impressed. But then she was never impressed. Wendy looked around at the other girls to see that they still had worried looks on their faces. Why wasn’t everyone happy that she hit a target? 
Wendy looked over to Elizabeth and saw her slowly shake her head.
“I hit the target,” Wendy said to the Headmistress.
Headmistress Darling turned her slow, measured gaze onto Wendy and sighed.
“You hit Alexandria’s target,” the Headmistress told her.
Wendy recoiled, and then looked onto the field. In her excitement she had failed to notice that the target she had hit was indeed slightly to the right of her range of targets. But it wasn’t that far to the right, it was close enough.
“Doesn’t that still count?” Wendy asked, even though every fiber in her being was telling her not to, her instinct and sense of survival urged her to run.
But Wendy couldn’t help herself. She stared back at the Headmistress, daring her to respond. Headmistress Darling had always pushed Wendy harder than the other girls. Ever since she could remember, it seemed that the two of them clashed about anything and everything, almost always to Wendy’s detriment.
And it wasn’t fair. Why should she be singled out all the time? Why should she be pushed harder and given more homework and have inordinately more detention time than all the other girls put together? Surely whatever pleasure the Headmistress took from making Wendy suffer would run out some day. Wouldn’t it?
“You’ve been neglecting your archery practice,” Headmistress Darling told her.
“But my fencing is far beyond the other girls,” Wendy just couldn’t keep quiet.
“Detention, my office, after classes are done,” the Headmistress said.
And there it was again.
“Thank you, Headmistress, I look forward to it,” Wendy said.
“As do I.”
Yes, the Headmistress did treat Wendy more unfairly than the other girls. But, to be fair, Wendy did her best in making sure the Headmistress had every opportunity to treat her more unfairly than the other girls. 
Without another word, Headmistress Darling walked away from them. Pamela gave them an embarrassed smile and then quickly did her best to follow along behind the Headmistress. Once the Headmistress was gone everything seemed to go back to normal. A light breeze started up, a few birds chirped their songs, and the surrounding girls returned to their archery practice.
“I think you like getting in trouble,” Elizabeth said.
“It’s still a target,” Wendy pointed at her triumph on the field.
Elizabeth quickly took aim and shot one of Wendy’s targets dead center.
“You can tell her that in detention,” Elizabeth said.
“I will,” Wendy replied curtly, knowing she had no intention of doing any such thing. “How do you hit everything all the time?” Wendy asked in frustration.
Elizabeth shrugged. “I see it first in my mind. The rest is just lag.”
Alexandria continued to inspect her bow, having had not fired a single shot that day yet still managing to escape the Headmistress’s wrath. 
“I think I can automate this,” she said to the bow.

*  *  *  *

Headmistress Darling sat at her desk, surrounded by various pieces of paper spread out before her in a haphazard way. The Headmistress was furiously scribbling something on one of the pages. It was often pointed out that, whatever the Headmistress was doing, she was doing it furiously. Some of the students even imagined that she approached bedtime the same way, put out and angry that she had to lie down for several hours a day and do nothing but sleep.
Bringing up the page and reading what she wrote, the Headmistress scowled and crumpled it into a ball. She got out a fresh new page and began again. 
There was a knock at the door.
“Enter,” Headmistress Darling said without looking up.
The door slowly creaked open and Wendy stuck her head in.
“I’m here for detention,” Wendy said.
“Of course you are, it’s practically an extra class for you.”
Wendy came into the room and closed the door, listening to it squeak in protest all the way until it was shut.
“Sit, preferably on the seat,” the Headmistress said as she continued to write furiously.
Wendy paused, did the Headmistress just attempt a bit of humor? Wendy searched Headmistress Darling’s face, but she seemed too intent on whatever it was that she was writing. If any attempt at humor had been made, it seemed that Headmistress Darling was not aware that she attempted it.
“Yes, Headmistress,” Wendy said as she sat down on the seat across from the desk.
Wendy waited while the Headmistress wrote.
She looked around the familiar room, having spent quite a lot of time in it. Aside from the pieces of paper, it seemed that everything in the room was in exactly the same place as it was countless times before. Even the furniture and other small objects were afraid of the Headmistress too much to change their place.
“Will you be long?” Wendy just couldn’t resist trying to get herself into more trouble. “Because I can come back at a more convenient time.”
“I’m sure you will be back at a more convenient time, and several more times after that,” Headmistress Darling said as she looked at her newly written piece of paper before putting it aside and giving Wendy her full attention.
“You are probably right. It seems I can’t help myself,” Wendy agreed.
The two sat and stared at each other in silence.
The sound of a ticking clock that Wendy couldn’t quite find filled the room with its steady beat. Wendy felt that the clock was getting louder.
“Do you know why you are here?” the Headmistress finally asked.
“You told me to come here,” Wendy replied.
“And why did I ask?”
“You enjoy tormenting me?” Wendy offered.
Headmistress Darling sighed and shook her head. “So much potential…”
“Thank you,” Wendy said.
“Completely wasted. You are here because you keep disappointing me, Wendy,” Headmistress Darling said in a matter of fact tone.
“It’s one of my strengths,” Wendy said, without skipping the clock’s beat.
“I daresay it’s your only strength,” the Headmistress said on the next beat.
“I don’t think you really believe that.”
“You can do better, Wendy. You can be better. You are failing to meet expectations.” Headmistress Darling leaned back in her chair, massaging her tired eyes.
“Maybe if your expectations weren’t so ridiculously high,” Wendy said.
“Stop talking,” the Headmistress told her.
In spite of all her bravado, Wendy did exactly as the Headmistress said. She sat in her chair, and looked away, pretending to study the various useless, antiquated things that filled the cramped office. The Headmistress, for her part, sat and studied Wendy. 
The clock, unperturbed by the tension in the room, continued its steady beat. Everyone was waiting to see what the Headmistress would say next.
 It was not what Wendy expected.
“I won’t be around forever, you know,” Headmistress Darling finally said.
The comment caught Wendy off guard, and for a moment she let her defenses slip. It was probably the closest the two had ever come to beginning a real conversation. But then, unsure of what to do, Wendy ruined the moment. “Pity. Are you going somewhere?” she asked.
“We all go somewhere, Wendy. It’s just a matter of when and why,” Headmistress Darling said as she leaned forward. “My expectations are high because they have to be. People will expect you to be twice as good as you are to get half as far as you want to go.”
Wendy paused, trying to choose her words carefully. She ran her finger over her split lip, the one the Headmistress had given her during fencing class, and then, in frustration, she settled for whatever words first came to mind.
“When will the world expect me to fire arrows? Or fight with a sword? Or repel down the side of a building? Or survive in the forest without food? Or do half the other crazy things that this school expects that no other school would dream of? When will I use these ridiculous things?” Wendy asked in frustration.
“I educate you here not so you can ask when the world will require your skills. I educate you so that you will have your skills when the world needs you to have them,” Headmistress Darling said the word world as if it were some kind of bad joke, something to scoff at and brush aside. “You should be so lucky as to never need whatever it is that you learn here,’ the Headmistress concluded.
Wendy was going to say something, but the Headmistress raised her hand for silence and got up from her chair, circling around the desk.
“But make no mistake, you are an orphan, all of you are, with the Darling School as your registered legal guardian. You will do what is expected and required of you, even if you lack the foresight to see the value of your lessons. And then one day, long from now, when you graduate from this school and are an adult in your beloved world, you can make your own decisions on what lessons you think are worth your time and effort. And perhaps, when that moment comes, you will have learned enough here to be able to face this world of yours and find your place in it.”
Wendy said nothing, she did nothing but stare at the Headmistress, trying to figure out if her perspective on life was really as crazy as Wendy thought, or if maybe, perhaps, Wendy lacked the experience to accurately judge what should be called crazy in her confusing and struggling time.
For some reason, maybe it was the way the Headmistress was talking, maybe it was the comment about being an orphan and the school being her guardian, maybe it was for a variety of reasons which the neutral ticking clock just added to, but for some reason, Wendy got teary eyed. 
She looked down at the floor, unable to look Headmistress Darling in the face anymore.
“Why do you hate me so?” Wendy whispered to the floor.
For a moment all was silent, except for that insistent, inconsiderate clock. Wendy just wished she could melt into the floor and disappear.
“Look at me,” Headmistress Darling said.
Wendy didn’t.
“Look at me, child.” 
It was probably the hardest thing she ever did, but Wendy managed to look up off the floor and at the Headmistress, a lone tear escaped her eye and ran down her cheek. Wendy refused to wipe it away.
The face Wendy looked at was still a hard one, with rigid lines set over years of maintaining order. But there was compassion in those eyes, there was caring, if only deeply hidden within the mask of discipline.
Headmistress Darling opened her mouth to say something. Wendy’s whole world stopped as she waited to hear what it was that this woman thought of her. Why she pushed her so, why she made things seem ten times harder for her than for any of the other girls. It was a moment that would define their relationship for a long time.
“Everything has a place in the world, and you do not understand yours. You have a potential that you are falling far short of. You are simply not good enough.”
The words stung, and left Wendy feeling more abandoned than she had at any other moment in her life. 
“The world will kill you, Wendy Darling. It will kill you unless you can be stronger, smarter, faster, better. Always that, always better,” Headmistress Darling said to her.
Wendy sat there, hurt far more than any other time she had ever had detention. She had had enough, she could only be pushed so far, and Wendy already felt that she had been pushed beyond that point. 
“The world will kill you, Wendy,” Headmistress Darling said again. “Maybe not in one moment, but a little at a time, taking from you, lessening you, until the person left behind is not the one you were born to be. It is my responsibility to teach you to fight back, to protect yourself, to survive. To be who you need to be.” 
Wendy stood up suddenly, facing down the Headmistress. “I choose who I want to be. Not you! I choose.”
Wendy was passion, fire, and fury.
The Headmistress was calm, cool, and stillness.
The two stared at each other, the clock ticking between their moment.
“Then choose,” Headmistress Darling said simply.
And Wendy did. She headed for the door, stopping short and turning around. “This is the last time I will ever have detention with you,” Wendy told her.
And in spite of it being a ludicrous thing to say, from a student to a teacher, both of them knew it to be true.
Wendy opened the door and left the room, closing it softly behind her. Headmistress Darling watched the closed door for a long time, unmoving, alone in the room.
“Good girl,” she said.



Chapter 6: Dangerous Waters

It was said the seas that surrounded the island of Neverland were enchanted, made long ago by the great faeries that created the island, born from their tears of joy at having witnessed what they brought to life. The waters moved and sparkled in a way that water wasn’t supposed to, and little diamond fragments floated on the surface and would catch the sun, intensifying and reflecting the light so that it would be both blinding and mesmerizing.
The enchanted water housed all manner of mystical and dangerous beings, from leviathans to mermaids, giant octopus, crabs, and even monstrous whales that could fly as easily as birds. Most of these creatures were never seen, but the skeletons of enormous behemoths would sometimes wash up onto shore as a reminder to everyone that they were still waiting, watching, under the depths of the surface.
To sail the magical waters of Neverland was a perilous and foolhardy act, but as the large island grew and prospered, it became a necessary one. It was almost impossible to transport cargo through the lush and suffocating jungles of Neverland, so a network of outposts sprung up along its shores, strategically placed so that ships could be loaded and unloaded near the major settlements.
But the waters were still perilous, and did not allow their dangers to be forgotten. For every four ships that made it safely to an outpost, in whatever condition they could make it in, another was never heard from again, with all hands and cargo lost. The people whispered of the monsters that lurked beneath the depths, blaming them for the lost ships. Or the mesmerizing quality of the waters, lulling the crew into a false sense of safety until they smashed into the surrounding rocks.
But the truth was far more practical. Because of the lucrative and efficient system of transporting goods by sea, piracy was able to grow and thrive along its waters. When a pirate caught a ship and stole its cargo, the crew were allowed to join the pirates or sink with their ship to the bottom of the sea. Hardly anyone ever chose to sink with their ship, even the captains who were supposed to, and many of them found new, more productive lives by learning to take other things that didn’t belong to them. If a ship was particularly formidable, and a crew much too large, it wasn’t even sunk at all, but allowed to join the growing fleet of Captain One Eyed Blackbeard, of the three lands of the six seas.
For Captain Blackbeard was the pirate lord of all the other pirates, ushering in a new age of organized piracy that saw captains of ships ceasing to attack each other, and focusing only on attacking the ships from the many outposts that marked Neverland.
Unfortunately, since pirates didn’t agree on things like other people did, it took quite a lot of bloodshed to figure out who the pirate lord over all other pirate lords should be. There was a terrible war at sea, ships were sunk, crews drowned or joined other crews with different banners, and the fighting didn’t stop until the only major captain left was Blackbeard. Captain Blackbeard immediately called a truce, and allowed seven pirate lords to lord under him, carrying out his wishes and plundering the seas in his name.
Queen Magenta, seeing how the pirates had organized themselves, didn’t much like having her ships sunk or taken from her, so she created bigger ships with at least forty cannons on them. They were fitted with bigger masts and oars to help the ships sail faster in calmer winds. When she felt she had enough bigger ships for her fleet she created the biggest one among them, her ship of the line, the deadliest ship to ever sail the waters of Neverland. It had twice the cannons and oars as her other ships, and needed twice the crew to wield them. It had reinforced plating on the hull, a magical substance sturdier than wood but not as heavy as metal. She called the ship the Queen’s Knife, and proclaimed it unsinkable. And only her son, Captain James Hornwood, was allowed to captain it.
So it was natural that when the Queen’s Knife was on the waters, James was at its wheel. And he happened to be at its wheel when the Old Man, who had spent almost his entire life sitting up top in the lookouts of many other ships, yelled down to him from that particular ship in alarm. 
“Pirates!”
James was jolted out of his quiet thoughts. He scanned the sea before him and saw nothing. He looked up at the Old Man.
“Where?” he yelled back.
“Starboard,” the Old Man pointed off into the distance.
James looked, and saw a small speck, far away.
“Spyglass!” James yelled, holding out his hand.
“I’ve already got one,” the Old Man called down, thinking James was thinking of him.
“Another one then,” James called impatiently.
Several crew around him ran about to search for another spy glass.
“Pirates!” the Old Man called again.
“Yes, you’ve said. Starboard,” James said.
“And more to port!” the Old Man pointed to the left.
James squinted back and forth at both sides of his ship, trying to see.
“Where is that spyglass?” James yelled impatiently.
“Pirates!” the Old Man yelled.
“Would you stop saying that?” James yelled back at him, quickly losing his nerve. The Old Man looked down in confusion for a moment.
“What would you like me to call them?” he asked.
“Pirates,” James confirmed. “I know, starboard and port. And?”
“And behind us!” the Old Man yelled.
James turned around and felt dread.
While he couldn’t see the other ships to starboard and port, he could definitely see the one that was peaking out from the far away rocky shore of Neverland. The ship was completely black, with black sails and rigging. It had multiple rows of cannons, both above and below deck, and a single solitary flag perched at the top of the ship: a black background with a white picture of a skeletal crow’s head.
“It’s the Midnight Crow. That’s Blackbeard’s ship,” James said quietly.
“What?” the Old Man called from above.
James turned around and tried to look again at the other specks of ships.
“They are trying to trap us. I need full speed. Where’s my spyglass?”
One of the sailors ran up to James apologetically. “Beggin your pardon, sir, we can’t find any spyglasses.”
“What do you mean you can’t find any spyglasses?” James asked, bewildered.
“I mean there aren’t any other spyglasses anywhere on the ship, top or bottom, we looked in everyplace,” the sailor tried to explain.
James was about to argue back when he saw an object hurtle down at him from above. He reached out instinctively and caught a spyglass. He looked up to see the Old Man beaming down at him.
“I keep the spyglasses up here in the lookout, where I can use them.”
“How many do you have up there,” James asked, scowling.
The Old Man looked down and counted, using his fingers to help him.
“About more than ten,” he said after a moment, reaching the limit of his tools.
James shook his head and looked through the spyglass, finally able to see the two other ships coming at them from both sides. He turned back to the sailor in front of him.
“We can try to outrun them if we sail past before they can close ranks. Get me all possible speed.”
“Right you are, sir,” the sailor turned to carry out the order.
“And execute that man,” James pointed to the Old Man above him.
“What was that?” the Old Man called down.
The sailor paused, not sure what he should do.
“Don’t really execute him, but give him a good talking to,” James said. “And make him mop the deck tonight. If we’ve still got a deck to mop.”
The sailor nodded, and ran off with his orders.
“Could you pass that spyglass back up when you’re done with it?” the Old Man asked.

*  *  *  *

Behind the Queen’s Knife, and gaining rapidly, the Midnight Crow opened all its sails and leaned into the wind. Captain Blackbeard stood at the wheel, a smile on his face and a hand resting on the sword at his side. First Mate Mary ran up to him, pausing to sweep the red strand of hair that was falling out of its clip and into her eyes.
“The other ships are in position, and we’re gaining speed. We should have them caught on three sides in a matter of moments,” she told him.
“Aye, that we will. And when we take the Queen’s most prized ship, we’ll see how quick she is to make war with the pirates of Neverland,” Blackbeard mused aloud.
“Your plan is coming together perfectly,” Mary said.
A nearby pirate hustled by, catching part of their conversation as he went. Both Blackbeard and Mary looked at the pirate out of the corner of their eye.
“Yes, it’d be my plan that’s working. My plan that always works!” Blackbeard said loudly.
Blackbeard left the wheel and hurried to the side of his ship, Mary quickly following behind and keeping her head down in deference. They watched as the Queen’s Knife came into close view, hemmed in on multiple sides by Blackbeard’s three ships.
Captain James stood on the deck of his ship, his sword out in a gesture of hostility. Mary looked at the Captain and couldn’t help thinking how handsome he was.
An Old Man in the lookout sat hunched down, looking at them through a spyglass even though they were close enough to see normally. When Mary spotted him he ducked down out of sight and whimpered.
“Are you lost, sir?” James called out to Blackbeard when they were close enough.
Blackbeard smiled an evil smile, and rested his hands on the side of his ship. Mary stood several paces behind, head lowered, looking up at James from under her pirate hat.
“It seems the three of us have all got lost together. Perhaps you’d be so kind as to show us directions to the Queen’s ship of the line?”
“You know very well that this is the Queen’s Knife, her ship of the line,” James answered.
Blackbeard made a mocking show of looking at the ship again. “Is it now? I thought she might be bigger.”
“If you know anything about this ship, you know that she has over eighty guns on her multiple decks, with most of them pointing at you, sir,” James said.
“Aye, that be a lot of guns. Far too many for a simple pirate like myself to count. And while we be poor pirates, without the means to have that many guns on one of our ships, it does seem that we have more than enough on the three of our ships that you see before you,” Blackbeard said.
At a nod from James, his men pulled out their swords and held them up high.
“Attacking this ship is an act of war.”
Captain Blackbeard raised his sword up high. Mary quickly lifted hers behind him.
“As I said, we be pirates. We don’t engage in acts of war, we engage in acts of piracy. Full ramming speed!” 
The Midnight Crow’s oars dipped into the waters and started turning the ship so that it headed toward the back end of the Queen’s Knife.
James looked on the bow of the approaching ship, and the massive, skeletal crow that was its figurehead. Too late he realized the true purpose of the crow’s protruding beak that rested just off the waters, and was pointed directly at the back of his ship.
“Fire!” James yelled.
The Queen’s Knife fired her cannons one after the other. Most of the shots went wide, flying harmlessly into the water, but a few of them managed to punch holes into the Midnight Crow or sail over her decks and slam into some of her crew.
But if she felt it, the Midnight Crow didn’t show it as she came charging in. The large, skeletal crow rammed its beak into the back of the Queen’s Knife, tearing through the wood and impaling itself all the way up to the crow’s head.
James and his crew couldn’t keep their feet, and fell to the ground as their ship shuddered beneath them. The crow’s beak had opened up a hole with jagged lines that reached down beneath the sea. The Queen’s Knife began quickly taking on water.
“It seems the might of yer ship might have been slightly exaggerated. I think it’d be boarding time!” yelled Blackbeard.
His crew cheered and charged, leaping over the small distance between the two ships or swinging in on lines built for just such a purpose.
“Men, to battle,” cried James as he struggled to stand.
A swarm of pirates leaped onto the deck of his ship. 
“Fight them, strike them down to a man!” James yelled, only to find himself staring up at the tip of a sword held by a woman with fiery red hair.
First Mate Mary looked down at him with a devilish grin. Gone was her meek nature and subservient attitude. She looked like she was born to swordfight. “Strike them down to a man? I don’t know whether to be insulted or flattered,” she told him, holding her sword steady.
“You should be both, and prepared to surrender,” James said.
“Blackbeard doesn’t surrender,” she said.
“I was talking about you,” James quickly rolled back and brought up his sword, finally regaining his feet and facing her evenly.
Mary actually laughed, it was playful and fun spirited.
“I will give you that little theatrical move and nothing more,” she warned him with a grin.
The sounds of battle came at them from all around. Swords ringing on swords, men yelling both in encouragement and despair.
“I am the Queen’s son, nothing is given to me,” James said.
Mary cocked her head to the side. “Isn’t that a contradiction?”
James yelled and charged in, leading with his sword. Mary parried and dodged, using James’s own momentum to send him reeling toward the rail of the ship.
“Careful you don’t fall, it’s a long way down,” Mary teased.
James righted himself and turned around, fully aware that Mary could have easily struck him down while his back was turned.
“You’re enjoying this!” 
“It’s not often I get to let my hair down,” Mary said, fixing another red strand that was threatening to come loose.
James charged in again, sword thrusting and slashing, feints upon feints designed to get Mary to fall for them and miss the real strike.
Mary focused on the sword intently, picking out the feints and not fully committing her own sword to a block that would find nothing but air. She backed up as she focused, allowing someone to try and sneak up on her from behind. But James was very honorable, and didn’t want to see Mary beaten by such a cowardly move.
“Behind you!” James yelled, alerting Mary to the attack by one of his own men.
Mary quickly turned and then ducked as the sword passed inches above her head. She rolled to the side and thrust out, catching the sailor in the sword arm, causing him to yelp in surprise and drop his sword.
“Thank you for that,” Mary said as they both watched the sailor back up and run away.
“I will give you that warning, and nothing more,” James paraphrased her line back to her.
“Well then, it seems we are all out of gifts.”
“That it does,” James agreed.
“Nothing else for it then. Shall we continue?” Mary asked, bringing up her sword and readying herself.
“Unless you wanted to surrender?” James asked.
“I don’t surrender.”
Mary darted forward and struck from the left, James blocked, and Mary continued her attack, launching strike after strike from the left side. James parried, blocked, and tried to dodge the relentless attacks. Every time he thought of launching a counterattack, Mary would throw in a strike from the right side, causing James to lose his balance and focus, before resuming her attack from the left.
Her attacks were so focused and predictable, that James tried to counterattack only to setup her strike from the right side. She would throw him off again by continuing to attack from the left, frustrating his efforts and causing him to lose his footing. He was beginning to learn that her predictable attacks were nothing more than traps.
“Watch your footwork,” she warned him.
He stumbled more, and she was able to entangle him in a series of parries.
“Keep your focus up.”
“Would you stop giving me advice!” James barked in frustration.
“I said keep your focus up, on the swords,” Mary scolded.
James gritted his teeth and tried to follow her advice while getting more and more annoyed with her.
“Be careful of the mast behind you,” Mary warned.
She was pressing her attack, forcing him backward, and James barely had time to sneak a quick look behind before sidestepping to avoid running into the mast.
“I thought we agreed not to give each other any more gifts,” James pointed out.
Mary shrugged. “I’m a pirate, I lied. And I’m kind hearted, so I like helping you try to avoid your unavoidable defeat.”
Mary kept attacking, and it was clear that as good as James was, he had no hope of winning this sword fight.
“You’re awfully sure of yourself.”
“If there’s one thing in this life you need to be sure of, it’s yourself. Otherwise everything else ceases to exist,” she said.
Mary kept attacking until James backed up against the rail of the ship. He cried out in surprise and Mary flicked his sword out of his hand. James watched helplessly as his sword fell into the depths of the water behind him.
It was only then that he got a good look around at the rest of the battle on the ship. All his men were on their knees and had their hands behind their heads. It was already over. Mary pointed her sword tip against his neck, forcing his attention back to her. She smiled at him and shrugged.
Blackbeard walked slowly across the deck, his heavy footfalls loud in the still air. He surveyed the results of the battle, stroking his beard and then scratching at his eye patch. He made his way over to James and Mary.
“Do you yield?”
“Of course he does,” Mary said, not taking her eyes off James.
“We are the Queen’s army, we will never yield!” James yelled.
Mary’s smile faded, and she shook her head imperceptibly at James, trying to advise him against continuing the fight. 
Blackbeard circled around, like a predator stalking its prey. He chuckled as he looked at James and then at the rest of his crew. “We do things in a simple manner on the Midnight Crow. Every ship we sink we give its crew two choices: They can join us, or they can die.” 
“Our ship has not sunk!” James cried defiantly, refusing to admit what was becoming more and more obvious.
Blackbeard pointed to the skeletal beak of the Midnight Crow, its beak still lodged deep into the hull of the Queen’s Knife, opening it up to the water below.
“Make no mistake, this ship is sinking. The Crow dealt ye a mortal blow.”
James looked over the side of his once proud ship, saw the devastation that was done to her hull, the gaping wound that was taking on water. He closed his eyes and bowed his head, accepting the inevitable.
“This is the part where you say ‘I surrender’,” Mary nudged him with her sword.
He finally opened his eyes and looked at her. A red strand of hair had come loose and trailed down her face. She looked very beautiful, and very deadly.
“I’m not sure that I can,” he told her softly.
Captain Blackbeard stormed over, the anger blazing in his eyes and evident in his footsteps. “Don’t be looking at her, it’s with me yer fate is tied.”
Blackbeard turned to all the men on their knees, raising his voice to shout in the quiet stillness that the day had become. “You all have your choice. Join with me, become a pirate and be free, or stay in the Queen’s service, for as long as that will get ye.”
The men exchanged glances, unsure, but steadfast, no one wavering. James saw his men hesitate, it swelled his courage. He stepped away from Mary’s sword, and walked up to Blackbeard, looking up at those cold, dark eyes.
“We swore oaths, upon our friends and family, upon our honor, upon Neverland! We are the Queen’s men! We will never turn. We’ll fight you till our dying breath! And we’ll go down with our ship if we have to!”

*  *  *  *

James sat in a rowboat, suspended in the air by ropes just off to the side of the Midnight Crow’s rail. His entire former crew stood on the deck of the Midnight Crow and everyone watched as the Queen’s Knife sunk under the cold, magical waters of Neverland.
Captain Blackbeard had his hat off and pressed against his chest, his head bowed. There was a moment of silence.
“Never a good thing when a ship goes under. I would have saved her if I could, and added her to my fleet,” Blackbeard said, putting his hat back on.
“How noble of you,” James said with scorn.
Captain Blackbeard walked up to the rail. “You should be showing some courtesy, young captain. Yer place was on the deck of that ship as it went down.”
James bowed his head, knowing that he had failed not only in winning the battle, or keeping his crew, but in going down with his ship as well.
“But if it’s any consolation, yer life has hardly been spared. The row back to shore is a long one. Be minding those oars, there be sharks about, and possibly mermaids. And if they don’t get ye, then the starvation and dehydration surely will. Lower the boat!”
Captain Blackbeard walked off and started ordering his new crew about, integrating them in with the old.
Mary walked up to the boat. “You fought bravely.”
“A lot of good it did me,” James said.
Mary pointed to a small bag in the corner of the boat. “Food and water. You’ll need it to have any chance for shore.”
James looked at her, confused as to why she was helping him.
She shrugged.
“I look forward to beating you again. So make sure you survive.”
The boat jolted as several of James’s former crew started pulling on ropes and lowering him down the side of the Midnight Crow. He looked up and watched Mary leaning over the edge and looking down at him, slowly getting further and further away. The boat settled into the water. James got both hands on the oars and began to row.
From up high on the Midnight Crow, the Old Man had found a new lookout on a new ship. He held the spyglass up and centered it on James.
“Good sailing, Captain!” the Old Man called out.
James could only shake his head and watch as Mary and the Midnight Crow began to sail off into the distance.



Continue the adventure at www.wendyandthelostgirls.com






