Werelove: Dusk Conspiracy

by Lakisha Spletzer
Illustrated by JD Hollyfield

Smashwords Edition 
Copyright 2010 Lakisha Spletzer.  All rights reserved. http://www.kishazworld.com
Cover and Interior Images design Copyright © 2010 JD Hollyfield. All rights reserved.  http://www.jdhollyfield.com

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely incidental.
Without limiting the rights under the copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted in any for or by any means (electronic, mechanical, by photocopying, recording or otherwise) without the prior written permission of the copyright owner and the publisher of the book. 
The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book via the Internet or by any other means without the permission of the author is illegal and punishable by law. Please purchase only authorized printed or electronic editions and do not participate in or encourage electronic piracy of copyrighted materials. Your support of the author's rights is appreciated.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given
away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase
an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not
purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com
and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Author Acknowledgments

This is my second novel but without the usual suspects, the novel would still be sitting around. I want to thank Lyn Ehley and Earl Ehley, Sr., for enduring the grammatical error fest that they had to wade through as they edited Werelove: Dusk Conspiracy.

I have to thank Meredith for reading and critiquing the very first draft of this novel. Your suggestions and questions helped improve the story. 

I must thank JD Hollyfield, my gifted, talented and awesome cover artist. You make my novel shine.

I want to thank Dianne Dykstra for all the discussions we had about Were-creatures. Your insights helped tremendously.

Thank you to the Lakes Region librarians who oohed and aahed in all the right places when I exuberantly talked about this novel and showed them JD's awesome artwork.

I also have to thank and remember with respect, Nelson “Grandpa” Williams. He was a great friend, educator and motivator. If he hadn't challenged me to actually finish something before he died, Werelove: Dusk Conspiracy would have joined my other unfinished story ideas.

Special thanks also go to my oldest daughter who constantly wanted to know what Laylah and the other characters were doing. My daughter's boundless interest kept me motivated.

Last, but not least, I have to thank Elissa Malcohn for showing me a flyer back in 2006 for an event called "NaNoWriMo" (National Novel Writing Month). It was during this event in November 2008, that Werelove: Dusk Conspiracy's first ten chapters were written.





Chapter 1
Fall 2207:  Floyal City, New Florida Territory

Zina McFin stared at the giant, almost-impenetrable Sevicorps research lab. It was chilly, but not cold enough to form snow. Inside, Dr. Henry Le Croix, along with humans and some misguided Weres, gathered under the banner of “mutual scientific advancement” to find a way to subdue the genes that made Weres unique. She ran her fingers through her bobbed, blond hair and pondered how to make the Were traitors pay for their part in this mockery of science. 
 Zina hated humans and their callous disregard for lives unlike their own. Just the thought of those pathetic fools made her stomach roil. Since the beginning of time, humans had taken, pillaged, and destroyed everything that came in contact with them. Weres, like her, had been no exception.
“You need to control yourself.” Stefan McJeysen’s brown-eyed stare collided with her gaze in a momentary battle of wills before Stefan looked away. His shaggy, dirty blond hair fell forward to shield his face.
“I don’t have to follow anything you say or suggest. Or have you forgotten, Stefan, that you don’t hold the rank of Beta anymore?” Her voice held a hint of barely leashed anger.
“Of course not, my Alpha. I have not forgotten, nor did I mean any disrespect.”
She watched him, aware of his insolence, but chose to let it slide. Other things were more important, such as the lab before them. She could not, would not, allow the research. Weres had right and, come hell or high water, those rights would be kept and maintained.
“The troops are in position, my Alpha.” 
The messenger’s words brought Zina’s thoughts back to the task at hand. She growled happily. “Let’s go! Kill any who get in your way, no matter what age!”
Ignoring Stefan’s shocked look, Zina slipped by him and headed for the field where her troop prepared to shift. Unlike Stefan, they eagerly welcomed bloodshed. Killing humans excited and ignited Were-hunger and bloodlust. Both emotions were all consuming, almost living, breathing things that could topple governments and decimate enemies.
“We are ready, our Alpha!” the group roared.
“Death to those who oppose our will!” Zina bellowed.
The assembled Weres gave voice to their bloodlust and malice making the very air reverberate with the weight of it. The group charged the building, shifting mid-run into their various Were forms. Felines, wolves, horses and even avian animals rushed at the human guards barring the entrance. 
The Weres in the lead smashed into the electric fence, screeching and yowling their intent as several lost their lives. An audible pop and crack signaled the eminent end of the gate. With a thunderous boom, the energy barrier died and howls of triumph filled the yard. 
Belatedly, alarms blared, but the Weres paid no heed, swarming over the top of the fence and attacking the guards.
“My Alpha, the males have the scent of Henry and are tracking him now. The females have distracted the remaining guards and mercenaries with their…feminine charms.” Stefan reported as he stood to Zina’s right, his eyes on the fighting below.
“I want Henry, his wife Helena, and their brat Laylah brought to me. Challenges to my authority and the established order of Were society will not be tolerated.”
“Yes, my Alpha.” Stefan bowed and swiftly left to deliver her instructions.
Fifteen minutes after it began, the assault on the Sevicorps lab ended. Triumphant shouts reached Zina’s ears and she watched the progression of a group of felines as they herded a man, woman and child to the spot where she stood. The small family was unceremoniously pushed to the ground in front of her feet, making Zina smile. A malicious glint filled her eyes.
“Should have known it was you, Zina! Still striving to destroy things you can’t control?” Henry snarled.
Zina laughed at Henry. “Now, now, there’s no need to get your fur knotted. You, of all people, should recognize that your union, and the resulting abomination it spawned, would not be accepted by the clans. Nor is your research on ways to get rid of our very essence being embraced. Face it, Henry, you are twice the fool!” 
Zina licked her lips and eyed him. Henry was a gorgeous specimen of what could go right in a Were. Giant, powerful six-foot-two frame, with piercing blue eyes...such a waste.
Henry glared at her. Zina calmly stared at him, her eyes shining with cruelty.
“Our child is not an abomination!” Helena snapped and hugged her frightened little girl closer to her body. The little girl trembled, glancing back and forth among the adults.
Stefan mocked Helena's defense of her child. “Oh, do get over yourself, Helena. Just because you chose to whore yourself to the Le Croix clan does not give you the right to pretend your union to Henry is pure. There is a reason why we do not mix tribes.” 
“Love does not recognize imposed boundaries. We’re happy and content. Why can’t you respect that and leave us be?” Helena implored.
Henry shifted closer to Helena and took their trembling daughter into his arms. “It’ll be all right, Laylah,” he murmured. 
Zina stood there gloating. She would end this madness tonight. Before she could react, Helena shifted into her panther form and was headed for Zina. Dimly, Zina heard Henry shouting. She was too busy fending off Helena's claws that ripped into her clothes and left deep gouge marks on Zina’s chest. With a snarl, Zina leaped at the other woman. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Henry and Laylah escaping.
::Stefan, stop Henry! Kill the child!:: Zina telepathically commanded and advanced on Helena. She didn't look to see if her orders were obeyed. No matter what, tonight would be the end of Helena Le Croix.

Chapter 2
Spring 2209, Ohcale Valley Hospital

Jacques Lyser stood outside the intensive care unit staring blankly at the white walls. This couldn't be happening. He didn't understand any of this, but he was going to get some answers. 
"Scowling will not help her, Beta."
Jacques stiffened, smoothed out his expression and turned to face his Alpha and friend of many years. "Henry, glad to see you could make it." He knew that his words had a bite and he didn't care. For almost a week, Jacques had been at this hospital watching anxiously as the doctors fought to save his young charge. Repeated calls to his Alpha to come to the hospital were ignored. He didn't know what Henry's problem was but he would be damned if he'd let his Alpha take it out on others.
"Watch it, Beta. I might take your disrespect to heart," Henry warned as he stopped beside Jacques and glanced in the window before returning his attention to Jacques. "What are the doctors saying?"
"Well, my Alpha, they are saying that Laylah is very sick and they cannot find the cause of it.  I don't think you should have brought her here. What do human doctors know of Were physiology? Absolutely nothing. You should take her to one of our Were doctors."
Henry snorted at Jacques' words. "My daughter is not Were enough to need a Were doctor. She is human and to the human doctors I brought her."
"Henry, you're being stubborn. Just because Laylah is mixed blood doesn't make her any less Were. She needs your support, not your anger. She can't help being of two tribes. That fate was determined by you and Helena." Jacques ran his hand over his bald head and sighed. "Laylah has been asking for you. You should go inside and see her. I'll give you some privacy and keep the doctors away."
Henry frowned and Jacques thought his Alpha would refuse. Henry turned and stared at Laylah's prone figure through the viewing glass. "Fine."
Jacques let out the breath he'd been holding. "Good! Fifteen minutes and then the doctors will descend on you. They need some paperwork signed by you."
"I'm sure they do," Henry retorted. 
Jacques only laughed and walked away to head off the duty nurse who was coming their way.
Henry waited until the hallway was clear before entering the ICU room. He stood and stared at his slumbering daughter. His expression changed and he growled low and menacing for a few seconds before shaking himself and going silent. He peered about, but didn't see any monitoring devices. Smiling, he pulled a shot injector from his pocket and hurried to Laylah's side.
He touched her arm and grimaced. She was burning up. Not quite what he expected, but he didn't have time to try again. This was the perfect opportunity and he wasn't going to waste it. Henry found a vein and quickly injected Laylah with the drug. If his calculations were correct, she should start showing improvement within 24 hours. 
Henry regarded Laylah again. She was such a quiet child and had always been even when Helena was alive. He slammed away the memory of his wife and let out an angry snort. He didn't have time to indulge in what might have been. No, he lived in the present and, if the drug worked, it would make him rich beyond imagining.
He spun around when the door opened and froze. Jacques stared at him in horror and it took Henry a second to remember that he held the shot injector in his hand. "You're back early," he drawled and dropped the injector into his pocket.
"Henry, what did you do?" Jacques snarled and took a step closer.
"Don't bother, Jacques. I already gave her the injection. It's what she needed anyway." Henry smiled, but it wasn't a nice smile.
"You've been drugging her? Why, Henry? What is it you're trying to prove?" Jacques was livid and his body tensed with barely held control.
"Don't play naive, Jacques. I'm a scientist first and foremost. I've been trying to find a way to help Laylah with her dual natures. This is the best course. It will keep her calm, meek and, above all, obedient. And we will not have to worry about her shifting. I have solved all my problems with a simple serum that you and Naiya will continue to administer to my daughter."
"I won't do it." Jacques straightened, his eyes shifting to amber.
Henry laughed. "Would you shift in here, old friend, and scare her? How would you like Laylah to see you as a monster?" he sneered.
Jacques growled but made no move. Henry chuckled. Jacques was lethal but, when it came to Laylah and how she viewed the man, Jacques was weak. He would do anything for Laylah. Henry had taken that it to consideration and now he would set his plan fully in motion.
"There will be no more shifting from any of the staff. I know we can't curb the beast completely, but if any staff member has to run as wolf, they are to go into the forests behind the house and do so. I will have the supply of serum delivered. She must be given it twice a week. It can be put in her food or drink. The serum is tasteless and odorless. Do I make myself clear?"
Jacques glowered and Henry could see that the other male wanted to tear him to pieces. As much as he welcomed the challenge, fighting in the human hospital would be bad form.
"And what if I refuse, my Alpha, to participate in this madness?" Jacques clenched his fists and shifted his stance.
"You will be replaced. I have other Betas besides you. Make sure she goes home tomorrow. If the doctors give you any trouble, inform me." Henry looked at his watch. "I have to go. You know what to do, Jacques. Don't fail me in this like you did last time." And with that parting barb, Henry left the room.

Chapter 3
Late summer 2211, Invarnash Mansion

Naiya stared at the food simmering on the stove. Her gaze traveled over to the vial laying on the counter. For two years she had put the drug into Laylah's food and drink. It really pained her to do it, but trying to disobey an Alpha's power was like slamming one's head into a concrete wall. Utterly useless and death-dealing.
She sighed. Though Laylah seemed healthy, the little girl was unhappy. Naiya knew why. Laylah missed her father. Henry did not come around much. It tore at Naiya's heart to watch Laylah's hopeful expression slide into disappointment. So Naiya had decided to throw a secret party for her young charge. It would put a smile on Laylah's face and would give the rest of the staff a reason to relax.
The door to the kitchen opened and Jacques strode in with a grin. “The food smells great, Naiya.”
Naiya chuckled and patted at her graying hair. “I just hope she'll like it.” She paused when she caught Jacques' angry expression. “What's wrong?”
“Nothing, I just saw the medicine, that's all.” Jacques straightened and his expression changed to neutral.
Naiya nodded sadly. “I don't like it either, Jacques, but Laylah seems to be better off taking it.”
“That's not the point. We should be teaching her to love herself, not suppress it and make her into something she's not,” Jacques countered.
“I know that, Jacques, but please feel free to take it up with our Alpha. If Henry changes his mind, I'll stop administering the medicine. Until that time, I will do as I've been ordered.”
“Doesn't it make you feel guilty?”
Naiya frowned and studied Jacques. Something else was going on with the Head of Security. She opted for truthfulness. “All the time, Jacques. All the time.”
“I'm going to go pick her up from school. Will you have everything done?”
“Of course. After all, I am the cook,” Naiya laughed and bowed.
Jacques merely grunted and left.
Naiya shook her head and decided to run out to the garden to grab some strawberries to add to the side dish. She grabbed a basket and stepped outside. She had only gone a few steps when she felt the presence of another. She stopped and turned toward the forest.
Standing inside the shadow of the treeline was a white wolf with a gray foreleg.
“You shouldn't be here! Get going! You're not welcome here!”
Naiya and the wolf glared at each other for a few minutes before the wolf flattened his ears, bared his fangs and raced back into the forest.
Relieved, Naiya hurried to get the strawberries. She had other things besides the wolf to worry about.

Chapter 4
Fall 2220: Invarnash,  New Florida Territory

“Fight, fight, fight!” The chant from the gathered students echoed loudly in the cafeteria. They stared at the two combatants in the middle.
It wasn’t the crowd that worried Laylah Le Croix. No, what bothered her was the spiked heel of Violet Spritz’s boot that pressed against her chest, right above her heart. She was so tired of this! Why did Violet dislike her? As far as she knew, she’d never harmed the other girl in any way, but that didn’t seem to matter. Even avoiding her nemesis didn’t help.
Violet's eyes glittered with malice. “How many times do I have tell you, you little red-haired, brown-skinned freak, not to look my way?” She tossed her hair away from her face. “Hey, stupid. I’m talking to you!” Violet snapped her fingers in front of Laylah’s face. “Stay away from my man or you’ll be sorry.”
“Vi, get off her. She’s my biochemistry tutor. If you beat her up, she’ll get reassigned to someone else and I’ll fail. And it will be you my father blames. I’m sure you don’t want that to happen,” Jared Lang calmly pointed out as he stepped through the circle and up to Violet.
With a final glare and a toss of her golden locks over her shoulder, Violet slowly moved her foot away. “You’re lucky, geek girl, that I have things to do today.” She snagged Jared’s hand. “C’mon, we have to go.” He didn’t resist as she dragged him past the disappointed onlookers.
Laylah stayed in place, careful to breathe slowly. She was sure to have a bruise after this little incident. She acutely felt the stares of the other students and wished heartily that she were somewhere else.
“What y'all staring at? Go on, git!” A plump brown-haired girl pushed aside some of the lingering bystanders. 
Several boys groaned. “Aw, Britta, don’t spoil the moment!” 
Britta put her hands on her hips and glared. The boys gave her dirty looks but stepped back.  She shook her head, exasperated. “I swear, Laylah, I leave you alone for one second and you get into trouble!” 
Britta tsked Laylah and picked up Laylah’s dropped books. Ignoring the irritated looks of other students returning to their lunches, she pulled Laylah to her feet and dusted her off. “What was Violet’s problem this time?”
“I don’t know, same as usual. I’m not a mind reader. Britta, I was only going to sit down in our spot. Violet pounced before I made it there.” Nervously, Laylah tugged at her braid. 
Britta Newsome was Laylah’s self-appointed bodyguard and best friend. They were extremely close and Laylah cherished the friendship they shared. No one messed with Britta, not even Violet. 
The same, however, could not be said for Laylah. No one was afraid of her. Citrus Academy’s various bullies always seemed to find time to torment her.
“Hello, Earth to Laylah.” 
Laylah blinked, her gaze focusing on her friend. “Sorry, Britta. I was thinking.”
“Yes, I noticed. Maybe if you did less thinking and more self-defense, I wouldn’t have to save your butt all the time.” Britta handed the books to Laylah and tucked a stray strand of hair behind Laylah’s ear. “You look a little less hassled. But really, Laylah, we have to do something about your clothes.”
“Ha, ha. Aren’t you the funny one?” Laylah gave Britta a sour look before running her hands down her clothes, uselessly trying to get the dirt stains off.
“I’m saying, Chica, you should take a self-defense course next semester. It’ll make Violet and her cronies think twice before messing with you.”
“You know Father won’t let me, Brit.”
Britta snorted in disgust and put her hands on Laylah’s shoulders, giving her a small shake. “Chica, honey, you’re 17, practically an adult. It's 2220, not 2100. This isn't the dark days of New Florida's past. Daddy Dearest shouldn’t be telling you what to do. Suggesting, yes. Telling, no. Unless you make him change the way he treats you, he’s going to keep viewing you as a child.”
“I know. I know! Look, I’ll think about it, okay? I want to eat. We’ve got fifteen minutes left and my next class is History. I can’t be late for it.”
Britta threw her hands up in the air. “Fine, then! Change the subject. It still isn’t going to make a difference with your problem. Remember, striking first is best.” Britta slid her arm through Laylah’s and headed for their table.
Laylah grimaced. Britta was right, like always. Things did need to change, but she couldn’t seem to get her father to understand that. Hurrying, she finished her food and the friends ran to history class. Britta made it in first, as the late bell rang. Laylah was behind her and slid into her seat, but wasn’t fast enough to avoid Mr. Mozar’s stern glance. 
Laylah slumped in her seat, relieved that, for the moment, he wasn’t going to berate her. Her history professor did not tolerate tardiness, no matter what excuse. 
“Today, Class, we will discuss the history of how our ancestors settled New Terra in 2105.”
A collective groan was heard and quickly silenced. Mr. Mozar turned on the 3-D display and dimmed the lights. “I expect good notes to be taken for the quiz and five-part test you will be given on this topic at the end of the week.”
Laylah only half-listened. Her mind was pondering the problem of Violet. She really did try to escape the other girl’s viciousness but kept failing miserably. She wasn't sure why her red hair and skin color bothered Violet so much. If anything, Laylah was envious of Violets blonde locks and pale skin. If only there was a way…
THWACK! Mr. Mozar's cane hit her desk. Laylah muffled a small scream, her eyes wide as she stared at Mr. Mozar in surprise.
“Miss Le Croix. Last time I checked, sleeping was not listed in the syllabus for this class.”
“Sorry, Sir!” Laylah stammered the apology, her face bright pink.
Other students tittered, then quieted at Mozar’s glare. “No sleeping, eating or talking while I’m lecturing. Even the most simple-minded adult could follow those instructions. Or perhaps you feel that you know more on this subject than I, Miss Le Croix?” 
She felt the heat of his beady little eyes on her face. “No! No, Sir! I don’t feel that way, Sir.” Panic crept into her voice. Laylah hated being singled out. Mozar was king of the tongue lashing. She’d experienced it once already this month and had hoped to avoid another.
“I don't believe you. Since my lecture is obviously too easy for you, Miss Le Croix, I want an essay on my desk tomorrow on the topic of the founding of New Terra and the issues its two very distinct settlers, the humans and the Weres, faced as they acclimated to their new home. Do...I...make...myself...clear?” Mr. Mozar leaned down so that they stared at each other eye to eye.
Laylah gritted her teeth, hating his condescending tone. “Yes, Sir.  I understand. History essay due tomorrow.”
“Very good. At least I know your hearing does indeed work. Now....” he turned away and continued with the lecture.
Laylah slouched in her seat and paid attention for the rest of the class. Britta kept shooting her sympathetic looks, but that didn't make Laylah feel any better. She bolted for the door the moment the bell rang and was out before anyone else. Literature class brought no joy   and once it was finished, Laylah was first out again. Belatedly, she realized she was running and slowed down as she neared the pick-up stop. 
Parked at the curb was her father's stretch limo. Elation warred with wariness as she approached.  Laylah frowned and then plastered a smile on her face when her father's head of security, Jacques Lyser, emerged from the driver's side.
“Jacques!” she halted a foot away from him. Her father had said he would dine with her tonight. Laylah couldn't keep her disappointment at her father's absence from crossing her face.
“Hiya, kiddo. Your father is working late tonight. Need a ride?” Jacques gave her his best woeful look and smiled when she giggled. “That's better. No frowns allowed on my watch.” Opening the door with a bow, he helped her inside. 
Laylah saw the smile leave his face when he shut the door. She knew she hadn't fooled him. On the drive home, he kept checking the rear-view mirror and it made her nervous. A nosy Jacques was always bad. It meant he would stop treating her like a person and more like an object. She hated it when that happened. 
Soon the six-lane highway changed to four lanes and then to two. For all its modernization, Invarnash still had rural areas because the forest sections were protected under the Were-Human Compact of 2110. The humans had wanted the more ferocious and dangerous Weres away from their cities, and the Weres had desired to roam freely, unrestricted by human laws and ways. 
The towering gates swung open and the cobblestone driveway flowed into the distance, the overhead weeping willows swayed gently in the breeze. A few minutes later the mansion was in sight. Jacques maneuvered the limo alongside the circular marble steps and shut off the engine.
“Laylah, we're home.”
Laylah stirred and slowly she sat up, brushing at the wrinkles in her school uniform. Sliding across the seat, she got out and stood, blinking from the late afternoon sunlight. “Thank you, Jacques.” 
She rubbed her eyes and gave herself a moment to adjust. Home. Yeah, right. This building before her was nothing more than a place she came to for rest and food. It hadn't been a home since Grand-mère Cecily moved to Tampah. Her father worked nonstop and, though Laylah loved Jacques and the rest of the staff dearly, she still considered them her jailers. 
On her father's orders she wasn't allowed to leave the premises, have any friends over, and was absolutely forbidden to date. Any semblance of a social life was laughable at best. Britta was right about her father's views being archaic. On that, Laylah whole-heartedly agreed.
“Penny for your thoughts? Or maybe something else of value, since you look like you're burdened down with the world's woes,” Jacques gently teased.
“I'm afraid my thoughts aren't worth anything to anyone. Thanks for asking though.” Laylah knew he was trying to cheer her up but it was useless. She began the slow climb up the marble steps, reluctantly opened the door and entered.
She stood in the foyer, gazing at the elegant spiral staircase. The ivory railing was accentuated by the pure gold rose seam decorating its top and sides. The walls were painted a warm honey color in an attempt to offset the cold and masculine feel of the place. Marble statues and busts of deceased ancestors and other important family personages were strategically placed, instilling awe, fear and intimidation.
This was her prison; this cold and forbidding atmosphere seemed almost like a living thing. Beautiful to the eye, it masked the hurt and apathy underneath. Most of the employees came, did their jobs, and left quickly, unwilling to remain any longer than necessary in such an emotionally draining place. Only Jacques and Naiya stayed in the house with her. Even her own father spurned his home, choosing instead to live at his lab, content to work on some new genetics breakthrough.
Laylah had yet to make another move. She stood in the same spot for ten minutes, musing over the interior design of the house. She twitched when Jacques touched her shoulder. “Yes, Jacques?” She couldn't bear to look at him at that moment, not when her feelings showed on her face. 
“Naiya cooked your favorite meal today. She has it ready and waiting in the kitchen.”
“Thank you. I'll be right back after I put my stuff away.” She eased away from his hand and went upstairs to her room.

Chapter 5

Jacques watched Laylah retreat to her room. He sighed and made his way to the kitchen. He stopped outside the door and grinned when the sound of giggles reached his ears. He stifled a laugh when a man's cajoling voice added to the noise filtering through the wooden door. He rapped once and chuckled at the scrambling going on in the other room.
The door opened and a blushing Naiya patted her graying hair into place. “Jacques! Back early, aren't you?”
“Apparently so. Aren't you a little old to be robbing the cradle?” Jacques peered around Naiya at Thaniel, who whistled innocently. Jacques couldn't understand what Naiya saw in the younger man. 
Thaniel was brash, loud and useless when it came to gardening, the job he'd been hired for. Jacques had reassigned him to the kitchen at the insistence of Naiya. It wasn't until later that Jacques learned the two were a couple. It didn't bother him any. Besides, it amused Jacques and gave him reasons to tease Naiya. 
Fifty-five and spry, Naiya often left Thaniel exhausted with her energetic ways. The other employees joked that the thirty-year-old man had met his match.
“How is her mood?” Naiya didn’t look up as she stirred the pot of corn she was cooking.
“Not good. Henry is my friend and I’ve known him for years, but he’s so intelligent that he’s dumb. Laylah is very unhappy. She needs her father. But, of course, Henry can’t see past the fact that she’s getting high marks in school. His reasoning is that if she’s doing so well grade-wise, how could she be emotionally upset? It’s another excuse he uses not to come see her. And it annoys me.” Jacques punched his right hand into his left palm and thought of how Henry needed a good smack to instill some sense into the absent father.
“Henry feels unqualified, even though everyone assures him that all parents feel inadequate at parenting. He sees a young lady and panics. So, to compensate, he forbids her from dating, socializing, or having any friends, except for Britta. It isn’t healthy for either of them. Laylah’s loneliness consumes her and I fear that soon she’s going to do something drastic to change it.” Naiya wiped her hands, crossed her arms over her chest and stared off in the distance.
Jacques blinked. “What do you mean Laylah’s going to do something about it?”
“Think about it, Jacques. She’s seventeen. Many her age, including Britta, are dating or out enjoying life. True, Laylah’s never been in a relationship with a boy, but that doesn’t mean it won’t happen. And when it does, Henry will get upset and overprotective and do something rash. Life won’t be the same for either of them after that.” Naiya opened her mouth to say more, but Thaniel’s quick cough warned of Laylah’s approach.
The door pushed open and Laylah slid inside. Her frown was replaced by a grin when she spotted Naiya. 
“Jacques said you made my favorite dishes. Thank you so much Naiya!”
“None needed. I love cooking for healthy appetites.” Naiya shot Thaniel a sultry look that he returned with equal heat.
Jacques laughed and Laylah blushed at the adults’ display of obvious affection for each other.
“Sit, child. Sit before the food gets cold.” Naiya placed a plate on the counter-top. Two more joined the first. “Everyone, sit and dig in. Good cooking should not go to waste.”
Laylah’s mouth watered as the smell of food assaulted her nose. Naiya sure knew how to chase away hunger and bad days. Digging in with gusto, she didn’t notice Naiya’s assessing gaze. Several minutes later, Laylah slowed down enough to savor her meal instead of inhaling it.
“Laylah, what happened at school today?” 
Naiya’s casual question had an immediate effect on Laylah, who choked on her mouthful of food and hastily gulped down some water to swallow. Laylah sullenly looked down at her plate and mumbled, “Nothing.” She didn’t want to talk about school and hoped Naiya would take the hint and speak of something else.
“Don’t dodge the question, young lady! You only eat that fast after that girl has been picking on you at school.”
“Naiya!” Laylah wailed, abashed by Naiya’s bluntness. A quick glance at Jacques confirmed her fear. She hadn’t wanted him or her father to know about her bully trouble. Full of guilt, Laylah glanced at Jacques again before looking down at her plate, her appetite gone. An uncomfortable silence descended, but Laylah didn’t break it. She was too busy feeling embarrassed and ashamed.
“Laylah, is this true?” Jacques gently put his fingers under her chin and lifted her head up, forcing her to meet his eyes. “Laylah, why didn’t you tell me? I could have helped you.”
“I don’t need your help! All you ever do is butt in when I don't need you! I’m not a child! Stop treating me like one!” Laylah jerked away, anger blazing in her eyes. Quickly she slid from the bar stool and stood, hands on her hips. “I’ll fix it without your help. I can do this!” Her voice quivered as she fought back tears. 
Laylah didn’t need Jacques acting protective. It was mortifying enough to have been knocked down and have her books scattered by Violet. She didn’t want Jacques to “fix” her problem. The three adults gaped at her. She knew why. It was because she never yelled and always took things in stride.
“Laylah.” Jacques reached for her, but caught only air as she spun away and fled the room.
“Hmm, that didn’t go over well, did it?” Thaniel looked to Naiya. “What?” He demanded and backed up when Naiya growled.
“Forget it. I’ll check on her later. Right now she needs space.” Naiya drummed her fingers on the counter-top.
“Who is the girl that’s bothering her at school?” Jacques stood, popped his knuckles and looked expectantly at Naiya.
“None of your business, Jacques Lyser, and I trust you to respect Laylah’s choice. If she wants you to know, she’ll tell you. Until then, I’m not saying anything else on the subject.” Naiya picked up the plates and headed for the trash unit.
Jacques watched Naiya walk away but he didn’t agree with her. He would find a name and investigate the other girl. He would not let anyone make Laylah sad.

Chapter 6

Dr. Henry Le Croix stood in front of the 3-D display of a DNA strand and contemplated the data. Outside it was starting to grow dark, but he hardly noticed, so intent on the problem in front of him. If only he could find an answer….
“Dr. Le Croix? Sir? Sir, the timer just went off.”
Henry grunted and muttered to himself as he turned to the young intern. Honestly, he could do without the fawning lot, but to keep his government loan, he had to have employees. That being said, this current group was not too bad, overeager to impress, yes, but on the whole not too bad. “What is it?”
“Sir, the timer went off on the sequencer.”
Henry stiffly stood and brushed by the intern, unbalancing the young man who flailed to keep himself upright. He stretched before going to the microscope and reviewing the DNA below. Humming excitedly, Henry jotted down notations on the chart. “Very promising. Yes indeed.”
Someone coughed behind him and with an irritated snort, Henry turned. “What?”
His personal assistant Delilah stood, data stylus in hand, ear comm affixed "just so" to her ear. “Mr. Le Croix, there is a call for you on line two.”
“Not now, Delilah. Take a message or something. I’m in the middle of trials.”
“Sir, it is Mr. Jacques. He says it’s urgent.”
“Fine, fine,” Henry growled. Angered by the interruption, he stomped by his assistant and went to his private office. 
“Play call." Henry watched as the screensaver on the communications display changed to reveal Jacques. “What is it, Jacques? What is so important that you have to disturb me? Can’t it wait? I’m busy here!”
“Henry, you always say that, and no, it can’t wait. You need to come home for dinner. Laylah needs you.”
“My daughter does not “need” me. She has you and Naiya to guide her. Now, if there’s nothing else, I’m leaving. I have lives to save.” A sudden long beep and empty screen greeted his words. “Must be that time of the month.” Henry returned to his work, whistling as he continued his trials.

~***~

The crash of glass breaking brought Naiya running to the kitchen. She looked at the remains of the china set and sighed. She stared at Jacques' back. “Problem?”
“He may be my friend, employer and my Alpha, but he can be such an ass!” Jacques stared at the broken plates and ran his fingers over his bald head.
“That bad, was it? Speaking of which, what exactly did he say when you called?”
“That Laylah doesn’t need him because she has us. The same nonsense he always spews to avoid the question. I’m getting real tired of it, Naiya. In all other matters, Henry charges forward, always with intent and purpose. With Laylah, it’s the opposite. He doesn’t even see how hard she’s trying to please him.”
Naiya clucked disapprovingly. “A young lady always needs her father. Henry is doing her a disservice.”
Jacques turned to Naiya. “Well, no use trying to worry about it now. Laylah needs space and time to calm down. I hate seeing her sad. It tears at my heart.”
“I know. It worries all of us. But go on now. Check security or whatever you always do. I’ve got a kitchen to clean.” Naiya pointedly looked at the smashed dishware and Jacques gave a rueful chuckle.
“Yeah, surveillance needs to be checked.” He walked out the back door, thinking about ways to help his young charge cope with the bully

~***~

Laylah sat on her bed, staring at the history text in front of her. She sighed and picked up her e-stylus to check her work. She slowly read over it, looking for errors.

In the twenty-first century, the Earth and its peoples were steadily reaching technological highs that were unheard  of centuries and even decades past. Within these many nations lived those who were disturbed by such advances. While they welcomed some changes, they feared others.
Because of this fear, these individuals began to reach out across the Internet and through language barriers to come together. Not all were common men. Many came from the upper echelons of society. They all shared one ideal--a desire to preserve their heritages. There was, however, another reason some answered this call. They were a group that lived in secret, blending in with humans. But the Earth was getting too crowded for them and the desire to run free in their natural environments was strong. 
And so the Weres approached their human counterparts and a bargain was struck. They pooled their assets and, with the help of covert government agencies, began building a ship to take them to the uncharted reaches of space in search of a home to call their own. Construction began on the ship, Terra Freedom, in the year 2000 on a protected and unexplored island in the Pacific.

Laylah stopped, her thoughts not on the assignment. She lay down her e-stylus and picked up a picture frame from her bed stand. Idly she traced her fingers over the glass. She remembered the day the photo was taken. It was the last time Father had done anything fun. They’d gone to West Sparks River Beach, played in the waves and built sand castles. He had carried her on his shoulders to the end of the pier and together they had watched the sun set.
Eight years old and, to her, Father had been her whole world. After that day at the beach, he’d changed, growing colder with the passing of time. It was little things at first--missing meals, breaking promises. Then it changed to outright verbal refusals to speak to her and, finally, hiding out in his lab for days and weeks at a time. 
Confused, she turned to Jacques and Naiya, who became surrogate parents. And though they filled a spot in Laylah’s heart and affections, it was her father she yearned for. His approval, even some kind of  acknowledgment of her presence, would have been welcome. She even entered into the genetic degree program at the academy, just like her father. Still, nothing worked and she, at last, admitted defeat.
The shrill ring of her ear comm scattered her morose thoughts. Laylah sighed, grabbed it, and hit the activate button. Before her eyes a 3-D display appeared. “Hello?”
“Hey girl! Thought I’d check on you.” 
Britta’s cheerful voice made Laylah wince and she managed a weak smile for her friend’s benefit. “I’m fine, Britta. If you’re calling about my essay for Mozar, the answer is no, I haven’t started on it yet. If this is about Violet, I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Not worried about the essay; that should be a breeze for a genius like you. As for Violet, I already told you what to do. Take some self-defense courses, for heaven’s sakes!”
“Oh. Uh, if it’s not either of those, what are you calling about?” Laylah was now curious.
“I’m throwing a party in two weeks and I want you to come.”
Laylah was speechless. Britta always mocked the extravagant parties the popular crowd threw, comparing the hosts of such events to peacocks with something to prove. It seemed all pretty and accessible, but,  in reality, was ugly with access granted to an elite few. To hear Britta say she was having a party was mind-blowing and confusing. Was Laylah going to lose her one and only friend to life's other pursuits, just as she’d lost her father?
“Uh, hmm. Laylah? Hello!” Britta’s worried tone penetrated her thoughts. 
Laylah scrambled to remember her friend's last few sentences. “Britta, I don’t know. I’m not good in social settings and besides, Dad won’t let me go. You know how he is about me doing anything fun.” 
Thoughts glum, Laylah stared at the peach colored bedroom walls and wished she had a different life or different parent or something. Most people would think she was crazy, wanting some intangible thing when she was surrounded by her father’s wealth and prestige. Those two things didn’t make a person happy. All she had to do was look at herself.
“Stop being such a downer,” Britta chided. “I’ll make whatever concessions, promises and oaths I have to, but you, my best friend, will be at my party. I’m not taking no for an answer. The invite should arrive tomorrow. I expect you to R.S.V.P. immediately.”
Laylah started to protest again about the impossibility of pulling this off, but Britta interrupted her. “Not another word, Laylah. Humor me, okay? Now, I have to make some calls. Catch ya later, Chica!”
The silence of the ended call was loud in Laylah’s ears. She turned off the ear comm and put it back on the bed stand. Moody and troubled with thoughts, she stared at her three paragraphs. 
“Well, better write that essay.” She grabbed the e-pen and after a moment’s hesitation, resumed writing.

~***~

Outside the mansion, past the walled-in gardens and over the wooden bridge spanning the tiny brook that ran through the grounds, stood a wolf. Even from a distance, his white shaggy fur and large size were double that of any local wildlife. The wolf walked down the bridge, lifted a leg and peed on the post.  He turned his gaze to the eastern wooded area behind the Le Croix mansion. 
The wolf’s ears perked up at a sound only he could detect and he scented the air for danger. His tongue lolled out and, with one last longing look at the place, he ran to the north toward civilization. The only creature to mark his passing was a tiny frog on a lily pad.

Chapter 7

Laylah woke the next morning to the smell of eggs and biscuits. She rubbed the sleep from her eyes and headed for the shower. Her stomach growled at the thought of food. Any meal Naiya cooked was delicious and she couldn’t wait to sink her teeth into it. 
She wasn’t a morning person, but once up she did everything at a nice, quick pace. As Laylah put on her jeans, she smiled at the tee-shirt she chose to wear. The shirt was a favorite that Britta gave her.  Its saying “Keep putting off tomorrow, what you put off today” was always good for a laugh, especially when Laylah felt down.
“Laylah, breakfast!” Naiya yelled from downstairs.
“Coming!” Laylah grabbed her backpack, brush and hair scrunchie before running down the stairs. She nearly knocked Jacques down in her dash to get to the kitchen.
“Whoa! Slow down!” he admonished.
“Sorry, Jacques!” Instead she burst through the kitchen door, startling Naiya. With a laugh Laylah dropped her backpack and sat down.
“Lord, girl, scare somebody!” Naiya shook a wooden spoon in her direction. “Sit before it gets cold.”
“Or before I get a giant plateful.” Jacques grinned as he sat down next to Laylah. “I’m glad to see you’re feeling better.”
“Yep. I guess dreaming about Britta’s party helped.” Laylah grinned and reached for the bread basket, missing the adults exchanging glances. “I still can’t believe she wants to have one in the first place. She’s always accusing our classmates of being shallow, petty and a waste of space every time one of them throws a party. I don’t understand her reasons, but if it makes Britta happy, it can’t be a bad thing.”
“Laylah, don’t go making plans without talking to your father first. And don't forget your veggie drink.”
Naiya’s concerned look made Laylah sigh. “Okay, I won’t commit myself to going, but Britta really, really wants me to go. Father can hire a hundred bodyguards if he wants, but I have to go. How would it look if her best friend didn’t show up? Britta’s counting on me.” 
Laylah made a face as she drank the veggie drink. Though she wasn't fond of it, she'd been having a veggie drink twice a week ever since she was seven years old. Naiya joked that it kept her strong, but Laylah personally thought it was another one of her father's strange orders designed to make her life miserable.
Excited by thoughts of the party, Laylah ate quickly. The party meant a shopping trip with Britta, something Laylah did mind doing because her friend would find a way to foster some uncomfortable styles on her. Laylah liked her baggy clothes. Comfort was her thing, not showing skin and wearing clothes so tight they threatened to rip if a person moved the wrong way.
Laylah helped Naiya clear the table, grabbed her backpack and followed Jacques to the limo. The ride to school was uneventful and she went inside. 
Her happiness disappeared when Violet’s number one follower, Teresa, shoved her face first into a nearby locker. Laylah didn’t break anything, but it hurt enough to bring tears. This brought on taunting from Teresa and her friends who came to watch the bullying.
“Aw, look. Daddy’s rich little princess is crying. Maybe, the tears are for her face that’s now improved by that red nose. Ha, ha, she’s bawling like a baby!”
Teresa’s mocking laughter made Laylah blush and angrily she brushed away her tears. The comment upset her more than the bullying did. People who thought her father gave her everything her heart desired were all wrong. True, he gave her things, but what she wanted above all else, he denied her. All she wanted was his love. Laylah backed up two steps before fleeing from the bullies’ malicious laughter.



Chapter 8

The shabby walkway and building served as a reminder of how quickly the past could be forgotten. How ironic that this particular part of town was shown so little respect. Stefan McJeysen stared at the huge brick structure in the center of the plaza. Once upon a time, this great building had held court for saints and sinners who came through its doors.
Commonly known as the “Old Courthouse,” the once proud structure had fallen into neglect and disarray as later generations stopped caring about historic landmarks. Instead of cherishing the past, most chose to live for the moment and some nebulous future only they could dream of. It was deplorable and inexcusable, yet that was the way things were.
Stefan casually ran his fingers through his dirty blond hair and continued to muse on the places and things people had forgotten. He was getting too old to be playing Were politics. He’d lost his taste for it back in 2207. Quickly, he turned his mind away from those thoughts. He needed to focus on the here and now. 
A crackle to his left made him ease his pace. He had a follower, but Stefan didn’t stop. He didn’t want his pursuer to know he was aware of being hunted. He slipped around the nearest corner and froze, using all his senses to seek out his unwelcome guest. 
With a burst of speed, Stefan leapt from his hiding place and crashed into his stalker, sending them both rolling. He landed two solid punches before a throw flung him into the a nearby lamppost that buckled from the impact. Stefan came to his feet with a grunt, fists ready.
A harsh chuckle filled the air, raising Stefan’s hackles. He recognized that evil noise. “Drayden Morales! Could’ve gone another few decades without seeing your ugly face.”
“You always say such nice things, Stefan. Too bad you never learned to keep them to yourself. If you had toed the line, you would’ve been Alpha instead of that cur, Henry Le Croix.” Drayden straightened from his crouch, his seven-feet-two frame towering head and shoulders above Stefan.
“Why did you bring me here? The message was vague and delivered by a scared pup.” Stefan was in no mood for games and Drayden played dangerous ones.
“All business today, I see.” Drayden pulled a dagger from his boot and cleaned under his nails. “The Council wishes to speak with you about an assignment.”
“Uh-uh. No way. I’m not getting involved in anyone’s private little wars again. That’s how I got screwed the last time. And though I might be slow, I’m not dumb. Tell them to find another lapdog. Not interested.” Stefan pulled his baseball cap from his pocket and jammed it on his head. “I’m outta here.”
“If you won’t do it because they asked, do it for your niece.”
Drayden’s last words hit hard and Stefan pushed off the wall. His hackles raised at Drayden for playing the one trump card guaranteed to make him curious about the Council’s offer. Stefan turned his back on the other man. “Fine. I’ll come.”
“Be there tomorrow night, Stefan, don’t be late,” Drayden warned and sheathed his dagger.
“Don’t worry. I’m always on time.” Stefan threw a bitter look in Drayden’s direction before jogging away.

Chapter 9

Laylah sought refuge in the girls’ bathroom. She heard the late bell ring and groaned. Yet, she made no move from the stall she’d barricaded herself inside. Laylah hadn’t seen Britta, a first, because her best friend never missed school and always managed to save her from the bullies. Laylah tried to take steadying breaths to calm her racing heart. 
Lately she noticed her panic attacks increased whenever she arrived at school. Most of them happened when Violet harassed her. Thinking of the bully made her stomach churn.
The bathroom door squeaked open, startling her. Laylah tensed, ears straining to catch the voice of the person entering. If it was one of the bullies, she had no escape. If it was a professor, she’d be in trouble. Maybe she would luck out and it could be another student at Citrus Academy.
“Laylah? Hey, are you in here?”
Hearing her best friend’s voice, Laylah let out a relieved sigh, unbolted the door and crept out. “Britta!” 
She ran to her friend and hugged her. “I’m glad it’s you.”
Britta laughed and patted her on the back. “I’m glad it’s me, too, but what are you doing in here? First period has already started.” She stepped away from Laylah.
Laylah hunched in on herself at the frank gaze of her friend and tensed when Britta touched her cheek, still wet with tears. 
Britta cursed and then growled, “Laylah? What happened when you got here this morning?” 
Laylah flinched and tried to pull away, but found herself held in place by Britta’s sudden, tight grip on her arms. 
“It’s nothing. I’m tired and cranky and I let things get to me that shouldn’t. I need to go to class.” Laylah hung her head, stared at her feet and hoped Britta would let it go. She admired her friend’s stubbornness, but not when used on her. Britta’s probing gaze made Laylah squirm.
“All right, Chica, but this conversation is not over.” Britta let go of Laylah’s arms and stepped aside.
Laylah knew that look. Squaring her shoulders, she walked out of the bathroom with Britta right behind her. They made it a few feet down the hall before it occurred to Laylah to wonder how Britta found her in the first place. “Brit, how did you know I was in the bathroom?”
“Remember when we were little and played hide-n-seek? You always hid in the bathroom.”
“Oh.” Laylah laughed. “I forgot about that.”
“Seems you forget a lot of things, Miss Le Croix.” 
Laylah knew that voice! She stumbled to a stop, eyes wide as she caught Britta’s panicked expression. They were so busted!
“When I’m speaking to you, ladies, you will show respect and face me.”
“Mr. Mozar, I can explain!” Laylah quickly faced her history teacher, hand raised in entreaty. Britta stood quietly by her side. “I was feeling sick and went to the bathroom. Britta came to check on me. Please, sir, I’m sorry.  We’re on our way to class right now.” 
Mozar eyed the two of them. “Get to class, now, and I won’t report you…this time.”
Laylah gaped but Britta reacted first, tugging her hand to get her moving. The last she saw of her professor, he was heading toward the teachers’ lounge.
“Whew, that was close!” Britta giggled.
After a moment, so did Laylah.


Chapter 10

The red, two-seater car with the top down sped along the highway. Traffic along D-7 was light and that was the way Zina McFin liked it. The feel of the wind ruffling her hair reminded her of the runs she took in the forest as a wolf. The memory of the prickling of grass under her paws, the stirring of fur from a breeze and the scents of the animals she hunted made her grin.
Of course, none of it would matter if she didn’t finish what she started thirteen years ago. Henry Le Croix had never stopped craving human approval nor their wealth. His quick mind, much sought after inventions, and cutthroat Alpha mentality made him a hot commodity to half of the Were community. The rest, the group Zina traveled to see, vilified him.
She took her Brayshell exit and slowed her speed to enjoy the lights and sounds. Glancing down at the 3-D map guide, she took a right on to a dirt side road. While the surrounding areas grew more modernized and crowded, towns like Brayshell and Wyldway maintained their rural nature.
Her communications link gave a shrill beep, breaking the silence. Jerking her ear piece out of the box, Zina put it in and turned it on. 
“Yeah, what?” not quite a snarl, but enough warning to give the caller pause. “Well? I’m waiting!”
“Ma'am, we're all here as you requested.”
Zina rolled her eyes. The young male on the other end of the line was the reason she hated working with pups. Had to hand lead them through everything. “Yes, Devin, I know. I will be at the location in one minute.” His weak gasp of relief irked her. “Devin,” she growled.
“Yes, Alpha Zina?” Nervous humming filled the line.
“Devin, darling, if you ever disturb me again with such a trivial message, I will personally rip you from limb to limb. Do you understand?”
He gulped and stammered, “Yes, yes, Alpha Zina!”
“Now, be a good male and hang up.” Zina laughed when he disconnected before she could berate him further. Men. They were a waste of space most days, but occasionally had their uses. 
She brought the car to a stop. Ahead, gathered around a picnic table, stood ten men. Most were outcasts from their families and each had an useful skill. She had snared them all with teasing promises and whispered words of hope of becoming an Alpha mate. Others she'd bought off. “Hello, boys,” Zina purred. Her nose caught the scent of rising pheromones and she hid a smile. Yes, so very gullible, but highly effective. “Gerard, is everything in place?”
“Yes, my Alpha. The scouts have the route memorized and our prey's daily schedule is consistent, never changes. We are ready.”
“Excellent. We will go after the prey tomorrow. Until then, send out the scouts to secure their posts. I want no screw-ups. Understand?”
“Yes, Alpha!” 
The males' enthusiasm for the hunt was building. She would triumph this time and neither Henry nor the Were Council would stand before her might. This plan had taken thirteen years to ready and she could almost taste success. It was that close. Zina would rule them all and her enemies would cower before her or die. She grinned and the men, mistaking it for approval, cheered. 
“Come! Let us eat.” Leading the way, Zina headed into the woods and toward the game she knew would be there.

Chapter 11

Jacques was waiting for Laylah at the usual pick-up spot. She wasn't smiling, but she didn't appear sad like yesterday. He took that as a good sign. “Laylah, I've got a surprise for you.” That perked her up and he was pleased by her reaction.
“Surprise? Is it in the limo, Jacques?”
He laughed. “No, not in the limo, saucy girl. You have to wait until you're home.”
“Why are we waiting then? Let's go!” Laylah climbed inside and Jacques chuckled at her eagerness, as he steered the limo toward home.
Jacques had barely parked before Laylah flung open the door and ran up the front steps and into the house. He shook his head and followed at a more sedate pace. He entered and saw an impatiently pacing Laylah. 
“Well, Jacques? Where is it?”
“Patience is a virtue, Laylah. Besides, you need to get dressed for this surprise.” He saw the joy leave her face. She paled, no small feat, considering her olive colored skin. “Laylah?”
“Maybe we should forget about the surprise. I mean, you know, I have a ton of homework and a paper to input.” Laylah edged toward the stairs.
His eyes narrowed. “Laylah Cherie Le Croix, freeze!” Jacques strode toward her until he stood directly in front of her. He cupped her face in his hands and peered into her eyes. “Laylah?” It was a demand for answers and a question. He didn't understand which of his words changed her mind so fast. Jacques continued to stare into her eyes, waiting for her response.
She gulped, her gaze going everywhere around the room, refusing to settle on his face. “The only time you tell me to “get dressed,” it means we're going out to see Father or attending one of his social functions.”
“Don't you want to see him?” Jacques decided to switch tactics.
“I do, but....”
“But what, Laylah? And it'd better be a good reason.” Jacques wasn't going to let a silly response stop him. He and Naiya plotted for weeks to get father and daughter together for dinner. He thought Laylah would be pleased, but she acted like she was heading for an execution.
“It's just…well.” Uncertainty shone in Laylah’s eyes as her shoulders sagged. “Never mind. How formal does the dress need to be?”
“Black and white affair. Your father is meeting you at the 911 Restaurante in Heyendo. The reservation is for 6:00 pm. That means you have an hour to get ready.”
“Guess I'd better get a move on, then.”  Laylah’s sad expression contradicted her cheerful tone. Hastily she headed upstairs.
Jacques waited until he heard the bedroom door close and growled, “If you want to know what's going on, Naiya, all you have to do is ask instead of skulking in the shadows eavesdropping.”
Naiya stepped from her hiding place with a grin. “Don't get yourself in a twist, Jacques. You know I'm a mother hen any time Laylah has to go see Henry.” She glanced upwards. “We can't keep forcing them together. I think I'm about ready to give Henry up as a lost cause. Laylah, however, she'll be an adult next summer. She has University to look forward. Maybe then she can enjoy life and make some friends.”
Jacques grimaced. “This is the last time, I swear. I know it's not in my job description to keep her happy, but the kid grows on you. Well, gotta change. You know how strict the 911 is about their dress code.”
Naiya laughed. Jacques gave her a mock salute and went to get ready.


Chapter 12

“Dr. Le Croix? Sir, it's 5:30 and if you don't hurry, you will be late for the dinner at the 911 Restaurante.” Delilah tapped Henry on the shoulder.
“Not now, Delilah, this is delicate work.” Henry focused on dropping the nanos onto the DNA on the slide before him.
Delilah patiently waited until Henry glanced up in irritation. “Why are you standing there?” He glared at his assistant.
“Sir, remember? Your dinner meeting? You now have fifteen minutes to clean up and get there. No matter what you do, you will be late.”
Henry frowned. “I don't recall seeing it on my calendar.”
“Trust me, sir, it's been there for weeks.” Delilah pointedly glanced at her watch.
Henry huffed and stood. “Fine, fine. Is the limo ready?”
“Yes, sir. Your clothes are in the bathroom and so is a razor.” She closed her PDA. “I'll go inform the driver that you will require a few more minutes.”
“Thank you, Delilah.” Henry went to change and shaved his several days' growth of facial hair. He  made his way to the lobby  where Delilah handed him his coat. He went outside and got in the limo. 
As his chauffeur Boris drove, Henry read the latest reports and smiled. If the next set of trials yielded the same results, he would begin testing on volunteers. He was so close to finishing the serum. The profits would be huge. He could almost feel a Tri-Science Prize in his hands as he got what he deserved.

~***~

Laylah fidgeted, but stilled at Jacques' look. “Sorry,” she mumbled and then tugged at the straps of her black cocktail dress. Her hair had a multitude of braids in it, courtesy of Naiya's deft hands, and Laylah wore lipstick and eye shadow. She wished she were somewhere else. She felt exposed looking like this and the stares she was getting made her uncomfortable.
“Laylah, it'll be fine. Besides, you look lovely.” Jacques smiled encouragingly.
She blushed. Her gaze dropped to the table and her tightly clenched fists. The butterflies in Laylah’s stomach threatened to consume her. She glanced at the wall clock. 6:15. Father wasn't going to show. She felt Jacques staring at her and Laylah shifted in her seat. She knew this was going to be a disaster. The clock's numbers, 6:20, blared mockingly at her. Jacques had said if Father didn't come, they would leave at 6:30. Ten more minutes to go. She was almost giddy with relief, but disappointed too. So typical of her father.
Jacques drummed his fingers on the table and glanced at the clock, the doorway and then Laylah. “We can stay and eat or we can go home. I'd rather stay and get some food, since you haven't had any time away from the house or school in a while. Just a suggestion, but tonight is yours, so whatever works best for you.”
Laylah rewarded him with a tiny smile. “I really, really want to go home and get this stuff,” she pointed at the makeup, “off me. And I want out of this dress too. I want my oversized Pis and normalcy.”
“Laylah, if all you ever go for is normal, how will you enjoy life?” Jacques' chided. 
“I'm sorry.” Stung by his words, Laylah automatically dropped her head. She heard Jacques' irritated growl.
“Laylah....Henry!” Jacques stood as the hostess and Henry neared the table.
Laylah froze, eyes wide, her breathing a little too fast. 6:29. Her father had arrived with one minute to spare. She fought for calm and found none. She heard the faint rumble of her father's voice and Jacques' deeper bass tone. Too afraid to look, she kept her eyes locked on the table's edge that she held on to with a death grip.
“...come and sit. Laylah's been waiting.”
Laylah didn't need this stress. Already her shoulders ached with tension.
“Oh, very well.” Her father stopped at the table and stared at her.
Three very simple words, said in his annoyed tone, struck Laylah’s heart and she shrank back from him, cheeks pink with shame. The other customers whispered and she wanted to hide away and never see the light of day again. The onlookers had front row seats to her father's obvious distaste of having to eat dinner with his only child. 
It was too much. Laylah pushed her chair back hard, quickly rose and circled away from her father, and headed for the door. Unshed tears pooled in her eyes, but she refused to let them fall. If her father didn't want her there, then she would go home.
“Laylah, wait!”
She ignored Jacques. This was his fault! If he hadn't set this up, she wouldn't be getting humiliated in front of everybody. She should have stayed home. Laylah wasn't looking where she was going and bumped into something. Her gaze shot upward to collide with her father's angry blue eyes. Time slowed and she felt all the anguish of not having him around slam into her emotions. She gulped, tried to speak and failed.
“Young lady, you will go sit down and stop making a scene.” Her father's glower held her in place. Though he'd spoken calmly, the heat of his temper scorched her and like a coward she slunk back to her seat. For one second, something inside Laylah urged her to be defiant, but she squashed it. Jacques' look of disapproval didn't help either. She felt cornered and her one and only instinct was to hide.
Her father's eyes traveled over her from head to toe. Without looking at Jacques, he growled, “Leave us.”
   Laylah watched Jacques stiffen and then her only supporter left. She was alone with Father. This couldn't be happening to her again. She should have told Jacques no. She had plenty of time to fret about her situation as Father ordered the meal. An uncomfortable silence fell. She didn't know what to say to her father. 
Should she talk about school or ask him about work?  Should she talk about her best friend Britta, whose party she badly wanted to attend? 7:00. In that moment Laylah envied the clock. Time could go fast and no one would care. It didn't have to be subjected to such things as dealing with issues and people it didn't understand. 
Laylah’s nerves finally got the best of her and unconsciously she began humming.
“Stop that,” her father snapped.
Laylah twitched and went silent. Tentatively she spoke, wanting to explain. “I'm-I'm sorry. It's a nervous habit. Jacques says I've done it for years and that I'll grow out of it sometime soon.” She knew she was babbling, but she couldn't help it.
“You are too old to behave in such a childish manner. You are sixteen years old. You should handle yourself better.”
“Seventeen,” Laylah ground out, her eyes sparkling with hurt and a hint of anger.
“Excuse me? Did you say something?” 
Laylah ignored his warning tone. “You said 'sixteen years old.' I'm seventeen, Father. I had my birthday in June.”
Her father waved her explanation off. “Then you definitely should act in a more mature fashion. People watch everything we do, and when you do not behave properly, it reflects badly on me.”
   His glare bored into her and she muttered, “Yes, Father.” She wanted to rail at him, even hit him for being so mean. Fear and a little of the needy child she once was kept her from following through with her thoughts. 
 She considered leaving. She didn't get the chance. The waiter arrived with their meal. She picked at her food. 7:05. The clock was still mocking her.
“Why did you bring me here tonight? I have important things to complete.”
Father's question caught her off-guard. She hastily swallowed her food. “Me? I didn't invite you here. Jacques did.”
“I see.”
Laylah squirmed at his expression and stared down at her plate, afraid to look at him. Things were not going well, not at all. “Jacques wanted to cheer me up.” She would defend Jacques' idea even though it was turning out to be a huge mistake. “He thought we should spend time together.”
“I don't pay him to think. He is supposed to keep you safe from bodily harm and escort you to school. That's all, nothing else. He is not your emotional nursemaid. Maybe he should be replaced.”
“No!” Laylah's head came up and she locked eyes with her father. “You leave him alone! He didn't do anything wrong!” Laylah was shouting and she didn't care that people were whispering and pointing.
Her father blinked and his eyes narrowed. Laylah understood, seconds too late, that she'd said the wrong thing.
“When I want the opinion of a timid, whiny, frightened child, I will ask for it. Until that time, you will keep your mouth shut unless given permission to speak. Since you seem to think that being rebellious is a great thing, you are grounded.”
“Gr--, grounded! You can't do that!” Laylah weakly protested, shock at his words numbing her mind. 
“You are not in charge. I am your father and you will do as you are told, Laylah Cherie Le Croix, or you will face a more severe punishment. Do I make myself clear?” 
His eyes glittered with intensity and wrath and she knew she'd lost. “Yes, sir. How long?” Laylah whispered the last as she fought back tears.
“For as long as I want it to be. You are going to learn respect, Daughter, or you will be taught it. Either way, you will remember this lesson. Dinner is over. You will go home and tomorrow you start being grounded.” Her father wiped his mouth, put the napkin down, took one last drink of his wine and motioned for the waiter. “Check, please, and send for her driver.”
“Of course, Dr. Le Croix,” the waiter murmured and removed the dishes from the table.
Laylah woodenly stared down at her feet and her black high heels and wished the earth would swallow her up. 7:29. In one hour, her father had ruined her appetite, belittled her, taken away what little freedom she had and crushed her feelings. 
She wanted to weep but the tiny little bit of pride she had kept her from doing so. No way was Laylah going to give her father the satisfaction of seeing tears roll down her face or let him know how much his words had hurt her.
The waiter returned with a frowning Jacques. His glance slid from Laylah to Henry.
“Jacques, thank you for your promptness. Laylah needs to go home. I do not believe she feels well.” Her father stood. “Make sure she rests while she is grounded.”
“Grounded? Henry, what's going on?”
“I will call you later with the details. For now, get her out of my sight. I don't have time for worthless individuals.”
Laylah gasped, her face turned bright pink and Jacques opened his mouth to speak.
She put her hand on his arm. “Please, Jacques. Father is right. I do feel a little sick and somewhat tired. Besides, I have an essay due tomorrow that I need to get done.”
Jacques’ expression was inscrutable as he glanced at her father before patting Laylah’s hand. “Of course, let’s get you home.”
Together, they left her rigid father standing by the table.

Chapter 13

The tense return trip home was filled with Laylah's angry silence. She’d tried to not let her father get to her, but like everything else in her life, she failed miserably. He treated her like a five-year-old and it hurt. The dinner idea was an unmitigated disaster. And to make it worse, she would not get to go to Britta’s party. Laylah’s eyes hurt from holding back tears. She refused to cry, preferring instead to wait until she was alone. 
The limo stopped and Jacques opened the door. “Laylah, I’m sorry it didn’t go as planned.”
The pity was too much for her. She stormed by him, fury and humiliation burning her soul. Laylah ignored Jacques’ command to stop and ran inside. She rushed by a surprised Naiya and took the steps two at time before going into her room and slamming the door. Her tears broke free as she slid down the door to the carpet. She heard footsteps and she reached up, locking the door.
“Laylah, can we talk?”
“No, Naiya. I want to be left alone, please? Please, leave me alone!”
“Laylah, if you don’t let it out, you’ll make yourself sick.”
Laylah gritted her teeth. She hated it when Naiya sounded so…so reasonable. “No, I’ll be fine. I’m going to bed. Night.” She sniffled, angrily wiping away her tears. She heard Naiya sigh and several minutes later Naiya left.
Laylah got up and woodenly shed her clothes on the way to the shower. She made the water as hot as she could stand and stepped inside. Snatching up the makeup remover, she scrubbed her face until it hurt and all the makeup was gone. Still, the inner chill of knowing her father didn’t care about her lowered her self-esteem. She must be the worst daughter in the world to have a parent that would rather run in the opposite direction than talk to her. 
 Laylah unbraided her hair, letting the water soak into it. Even the scent of the shampoo failed to cheer her up. By the time she finished showering, the water was cold. She shivered and turned the water off. She grabbed two towels, one for her body and one for her hair, and wrapped herself in them.   
She went to the bedroom, got her pjs and smiled at the koala bears design. They were cute and she felt better looking at them. They had been a best friend gift from Britta two years ago. Laylah forced her mind away from thoughts of Britta. She was not looking forward to telling her friend the bad news about being grounded. She towel-dried her hair, brushed out the tangles and headed to bed. 
On her way, she snagged a stuffed panther toy from her bureau. Yeah, she was still collecting stuffed animal toys. Britta teased her about it, but Laylah didn’t mind. She felt at home with them. The toys, at least, never condemned her.
Laylah flopped on to the bed, lay back on the pillow and snuggled the panther. “It’s you and me, Protector.” All her animals had names and even though the lion was king of cats, there was something about panthers that made her love them more. Their glossy fur, sleek muscles, and intelligent gaze--all admirable qualities. Her toys were custom-made with special synthetic fur that felt like the real thing. Incredibly soft to the touch, she stroked it and felt calmness come over her. She yawned and gave herself over to sleep.

~***~

The room was not hers, yet Laylah knew it would still welcome her. The opulent tapestries and drapes, the burgundy furniture--all were familiar. This dream was the same one she’d had for the last two months. Each time, more details were added and each time she woke from it, she felt unhappy and incomplete.
This time, however, was different. The room was filled with more animals than the two who normally kept her company. There were felines of all types, wolves, birds, snakes and some type of reptile she didn’t recognize. They perched, sat, paced and lounged on the furniture. And she sat in the middle of them on silk pillows, dressed in a harem style top and pants made of sheer material that bared her belly. 
Any other time she would have felt exposed at showing so much skin, but here she felt almost overdressed. To her left lay a white wolf with a gray foreleg. His dark eyes seemed old and held the weight of knowledge that made Laylah shy away from gazing too deeply.
It was the warning growl of the white wolf that had her head snapping up, eyes going to the double doors that swung open. An eerie silence descended and fear raced through her body. The animals were never silent. Always, they made some noise. She threaded her fingers into the wolf’s ruff, eyes wide as she waited for whatever it was to come through the door. The growling grew to a crescendo, and then abruptly ceased. Laylah stiffened and knew, with certainty, that this moment would change her. “Come inside. I’m not afraid!” Her voice echoed in the stillness.
She blinked and there stood a man. She gasped. Mustering her courage, Laylah forced herself to look. The man had no shirt on and his bare chest and muscular shoulders were hypnotizing. Her eyes moved from his chest to his stomach where his clearly defined abs proved he took care of himself.  She flushed with embarrassment from ogling him. Laylah glanced at his face – his face was blurred!
Rubbing her eyes, Laylah checked her vision, but he remained the same. Terror seized her and the other animals reacted with warning cries.
“Enough!” His voice whipped out with force, commanding instant obedience.
Laylah could taste her fear but felt a surge of an emotion she didn’t understand. The fear made sense. After all, this man’s dominating presence reminded her of the school bullies and her father. The wolf growled again. She forced her attention back to her visitor. 
“Who are you?”
He tilted his head to one side, watching her until she squirmed. He took a step forward but found his path blocked by a lioness.
“You afraid?”
His voice washed over her and she shivered. The animals would protect her if she asked it of them. That she did know, but…She ignored her cowardice and decided to take a chance. 
“No and yes. I’ve never seen you before. I don’t dream of boys, let alone men.” She stared at his blurred features. “And I can’t see your face, well, at least the parts that matter,” Laylah complained.
The man laughed. “Such honesty is refreshing. Most girls play games.” He grinned at her. “Are my features that important to you?”
Laylah thought about it. “I suppose not. No one ever pays attention to me anyway. I’m a nobody. Besides, I’m not some drop dead gorgeous person like my best friend or even Violet. Nope, I’m ordinary.” She shrugged. Let him think what he wanted of her; everyone else did.
“You are more than ‘okay.’ Perhaps it is time someone showed you.”
Laylah’s heart sped up, her mouth dry. The man’s words sounded almost like a purr. She felt hot, her skin tight and her thoughts…they were strange, uncomfortable and exciting. 
“Oh my! I don’t understand.” She pulled her knees to her chest, gaze on the floor. The wolf pressed against her side, growling in earnest. “Shh, my friend, I’m okay.” Laylah tried to calm herself by stroking his fur. “This is a dream, Laylah. Wake up and it will be over,” she muttered to herself.
“But do you really want to wake up? Do you want this dream to be over?”
His words had her blushing and it made her angry. She didn’t like feeling these strange emotions. She lashed out.
“You don’t know what I want! No one does! Everybody thinks they have me figured out but you’re all wrong!” Tears rolled down her cheeks, but she didn’t notice. “You’re making my heart beat too fast and my body feels funny. I don’t like it, make it stop!”
“You poor thing. They’ve sheltered you too much. You don’t even recognize what’s happening to you.”
“Stop giving me pity looks! I am not sheltered!” Laylah protested, but she knew he was right.
“I mean, Beautiful, sheltered from your passion and feelings. Have you never had a crush on a boy before?”
Laylah squirmed at the man’s probing gaze. “No,” she mumbled.
He took a few more steps toward her. The lioness, who had blocked his way the first time, came between them, hissing.
“Please, let me help you.” He held out his hand and waited.
Laylah stared at his outstretched hand for a long time. Should she take it? She was tired of not being like the other girls who had boyfriends. Even Britta had dated a boy or two. Why couldn’t a boy like Laylah that way? She knew the answer.
“Because I’m a freak,” Laylah whispered.
“No, not a freak, Beautiful. Different and unique. Let me show you. Take my hand.”
Tension sang in the air and she waged an inner battle with her feelings and her mind. She wanted this. If the only way to have a boyfriend was to dream one up, then so be it. Laylah stood, ignoring the concerned whine of the wolf. Carefully she nudged the lioness aside and came to stand a foot in front of the man. His features were still blurry, but it didn’t bother her as much.
Gently, he took her hand, his fingers stroking her palm.
“Oh.” Her mouth parted in surprise at the feelings he was creating. 
“I see you like it. This will make you smile.” He lifted her hand up to his face and placed four, slow kisses, starting at her fingertips and going to her wrist.
Laylah felt her knees go weak and focusing was an issue. She was so hot, burning inside. She had the crazy urge to purr and rub her chin along his hand…That thought scared her and Laylah jerked away from him with a yelp. “No! No! I can’t do this! I have to wake up now!”
“Wait! I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to frighten you!”
He reached for her, but Laylah was already running away from him and toward the ring of animals. She turned, took one last look at him, and willed herself to wake up.

Chapter 14

“Laylah? Laylah, wake up, Sleepyhead.” Naiya frowned. She went over to the balcony doors and flung open the curtains allowing the full brightness of the sun’s rays to hit Laylah’s face. She laughed when Laylah groaned and jerked the pillow up as a cover.
“You’re evil, Naiya!”
“Get up, young lady. You need to get dressed and eat so you will be on time for school.”
“Can’t I stay home? I’m tired today, Naiya. I don’t feel like going.”
“Why would you be tired? You went to bed around nine last night. Plenty of rest time.”
“I had trouble sleeping and I had really strange dreams.” Laylah rolled over to her side, and slowly moved the pillow away from her eyes, giving them time to adjust to the brightness. She sighed, pushed the covers back and sat up. Her hair had come free from its braid and fell past her shoulders, cascading down her back. 
The red tresses came from her mother as did her green eyes. She grimaced and brushed her bangs out of her face. Laylah really didn't want to go to school. How was she going to explain to Britta about having to miss the party? Why did Father have to be such a jerk? Laylah left the bed, grabbed a baggy sweater, jeans and her most comfortable shoes and hurried to the bathroom to change.
“Laylah, when you get finished, breakfast is ready downstairs,” Naiya called through the closed door.
“Thanks, Naiya!” She stared at the shower. True, she’d taken one last night but her body felt stiff. A quick glance at the clock assured her that there was time for a quick one. She turned on the water and got in, taking a moment to enjoy the smell of her French Vanilla wash. It was her favorite scent above all others. Something about it made her feel girly and almost pretty. She peeked around the curtain, saw the time and got out. 
Laylah dressed quickly, grabbed a hair tie, her backpack and her data stylus for class before running to the kitchen. She made a beeline for the table when she saw the pancakes. “Naiya, they smell great!”
Naiya placed the plate of food and syrup in front of Laylah. “Yes, they do. Sit. Eat. What did you dream about last night that kept you from sleeping?” She put Laylah's customary veggie drink in front of the plate.
Laylah paused mid-bite, a blush heating her cheeks. “Just this and that.” She loved Naiya, but her dreams, especially last night’s dream, were private, not to be shared.
“You don’t have to give me details. As long as it wasn’t a nightmare, I wouldn’t worry.”
“No, not a nightmare. It was…interesting.” Laylah went back to eating and ignored Naiya’s nosy look. 
“Drink your juice,” Naiya reminded her. 
Laylah sighed and did as she was asked to do.
“That dream was more than interesting, judging by the pinkness of your cheeks. I don’t recall ever seeing you blush this much during a conversation.”
Laylah was saved from answering by Jacques’ arrival. “Well, gotta go!” She jumped up, scooped up her backpack, and hurried past Jacques. She heard him mutter about impatient teens as he followed her out to the limo.
On the way to school, she took time to braid her hair into its usual single braid and spent the rest of the ride pondering her dream. In the light of day, Laylah felt silly for running from the man. He hadn’t hurt her. Once again she’d choked. Loser in life and loser in her dreams. She could have had an interested guy, and what did she do? Sic her animals on him and run like a wimp. She tugged on her braid and chewed on her bottom lip. Laylah knew the real reason she’d fled. He had offered her something, and in her little world, things offered had hefty price tags that she couldn’t afford.
“Laylah? Laylah, wake up. You got to go inside before you’re late.”
 Jacques' words registered and Laylah scrambled to grab her things. She got out, ran hard to the front door, flung it open, and continued her mad dash to first period. She ignored the “Hey, watch out!” from a professor as she rounded the corner and rushed inside the classroom as the late bell rang. Laylah flinched at Professor Cormack’s stern look. Oh Great! She was in trouble already and her day hadn’t even started yet. To her surprise, the professor started class without rebuking her for being tardy. Relieved, Laylah dutifully took out her data stylus and started her notes.


Chapter 15

Jacques returned to the mansion, his thoughts on Laylah’s behavior. She'd acted different this morning. Happier, in fact. Not that it was a bad thing, but he’d watched the spark of hope that made her pray for Henry’s love progressively diminish. Henry might be married to his work, but Laylah should come first and she didn't. His Alpha's excuses were weak and illogical. 
Last night’s dinner had gone worse than anticipated. Jacques had seriously considering telling Henry to take a long walk off a short pier, but restrained himself. Henry’s rough handling of Laylah's feelings had hit Jacques hard. His duty was to protect her, and though it did not specify emotional protection, Jacques wanted to provide that, too.
He parked the limo and sat for a few minutes thinking about the strange behavior of the rich, the loss of trust by the young, and the reasons why he stayed with this very dysfunctional family. He sighed, got out and froze. Something was wrong. 
Jacques shed his jacket, pulled his gun from its shoulder holster and stalked toward the front door. His eyes constantly checked his surroundings as he climbed the stairs. He noted the door was ajar. Tightening his grip on his weapon, Jacques nudged the door open enough to slide inside.
Silently he checked each of the five downstairs rooms. All were empty. He put his ear to the kitchen door, listened but heard nothing. Tense now, Jacques cautiously pushed the handle down and eased the door open. The skylights flooded the kitchen with light. In one sweeping glance, he saw the overturned trash can, broken plates and flour covering the floor around the stove and sink. 
Jacques’ eyes narrowed and keeping low to the floor, he crept toward the flour. He stopped and examined the paw prints that were visible. Growling when he recognized that the prints were from a wolf, he knew there would be trouble. He knew who those paw prints belonged to.
Jacques ducked as he heard the hiss of the dart gun. He rolled to the right where he crouched with his own gun ready. “Might as well show your ugly mug, Gerard.”
“You always had the best eyesight,” chuckled Gerard Draco as he came through the pantry doorway, a savage grin on his face. “But such bad taste in Alphas. You should come join a winning team.”
“Only an ex-pack member would think that.” Jacques sized up his opponent. Gerard had filled out somewhat in the last thirteen years. No longer a youth, Gerard was a broad shouldered man and dangerous. Jacques was going to have to tread carefully here. Even as a boy, Gerard had cheated at games and wasn’t adverse to dirty fighting. 
“I smell her stink on you. Why’d you go to her? What did Zina promise you, Gerard? Chance to be an Alpha mate, perhaps?” Jacques saw the tension around his unwelcome visitor’s mouth and knew he’d hit a nerve. “She did, didn’t she? I swear that woman needs to learn some new tricks. Of course, you can’t teach an old dog new tricks,” Jacques mocked, weapon ready as he waited for Gerard to take the bait.
“Don’t talk about Alpha Zina that way, you disgusting cur!” Gerard charged, enraged at Jacques’ words.
Jacques fired at the younger man, leaped up and around and punched with his left fist. People forgot he was a southpaw, an advantage he used in fights like this one. The blow connected and Gerard stumbled. Jacques was on him, pummeling him, forcing the man to retreat. He didn’t give his opponent time to think as he followed him into the foyer. Jacques’ intent was to take Gerard down. He couldn’t kill him because only Gerard knew where the staff was. Jacques circled his opponent and waited for an opportunity to end the fight.
Gerard growled and warily watched Jacques. He jumped when Jacques fired a shot that clipped his left arm. He howled and grabbed the wound. “You’ll pay for that!”
The look in Gerard’s eyes gave Jacques pause. He had only a second to wonder before he was bowled over from behind by a giant snarling leopard. They crashed to the floor and the gun skittered out of reach. Jacques swore and tried to buck his attacker off, but the leopard raked its claws down his back. 
Jacques grunted and, with a hard twist, snagged the leopard’s hind leg, yanking the creature off him. He punched it in the head and watched it go still. The giant cat wasn’t dead but it would sleep for a while. Jacques came to his feet, eyes focused on Gerard’s gaping mouth. “You honestly didn’t think a cat could take me down, did ya, boy?”
“Maybe not a leopard, but he can.”
 It was then Jacques heard the heavy breathing. Pasting a smile on his face, he turned around. “Hiya, Alexis. Long time, no smell. And did I mention that your breath still reeks of dead things?” Jacques saw the giant grizzly paw coming at him. He ducked, but couldn’t escape the second paw that slammed into him, knocking him unconscious.

~***~

The ear comm buzzed and Zina clicked it on. “Yes?”
“Alpha Zina, we successfully infiltrated the Le Croix estate. All resistance has been neutralized.”
“Including Jacques?”
“Yes, my Alpha. He fought, like you said he would. He wounded Devin and me but Alexis put him down.”
“Good job, Gerard. You are my favorite soldier for a reason.” Zina put enough admiration in her tone to make him growl happily. Everything was falling into place.
“We will proceed with the plan. It’s 10:30 am right now. We have six more hours before the brat gets home from school. Are we allowed to have fun with our captive before we leave?”
“By all means, Gerard. It can be an educational lesson for the younger males, especially Devin. And Gerard?” Zina’s chuckle was filled with malice and violence. 
“Yes, my Alpha?”
“Make sure Jacques knows why he bleeds. I want him to remember his failure as Beta and Chief Enforcer to the Le Croix family.”
“Yes, my Alpha. It shall be as you command.”
Zina grinned and hung up. She turned on some music and started singing, her day much better after hearing Gerard’s news.

Chapter 16

Sixth period was Laylah’s favorite class of the day. Usually she would come to Literature class in a bad mood because Professor Mozar would have humiliated her several times during History. Laylah couldn’t wait to escape from that hell and come to her Lit class where Professor Lipps welcomed her with a kind smile and helpful words that made the rest of the afternoon seem better. 
Laylah could still remember when her Lit professor had informed the class that they should and would be calling her Miss Lipps because Professor made her feel old. That had been the moment Laylah knew she would always get along with this particular instructor. She also discovered that she and Miss Lipps shared a love of books. 
Among their favorite classics were authors Elissa Malcohn, J.R. Tolkien, Andre Norton, Octavia Butler and Michael Crichton. They were writers from the old Earth, and to Laylah, they were tale spinners who helped her leave misery behind and find comfort in characters who could not be disappointed.
With a light step and smile, Laylah hurried to her class and her favorite teacher. “Hello, Miss Lipps.” She hugged her backpack to her chest.
“Good afternoon, Laylah. Did you enjoy the book?”
“Oh yes! I like the main character’s ability. He talks to animals. And his title, “Beast-master” is appropriate for what he does and who he is. Something about it appeals to me. Maybe I’m jealous he gets to have such intriguing adventures with his animal friends.”
“Very good observations. I thought you might like the story. There are a few more books in that series if you wish to read them.”
“May I, please?” Eagerly, Laylah handed her book over and took the three Miss Lipps held. Hearing others coming, she stammered her thanks and headed for her seat.
“Laylah! Chica, you really know how to run when you want to escape Professor Mozar. Are you sure you don’t have cheetah in you somewhere?” Britta teased.
Laylah giggled. “Sorry. I like this class better. Besides I had to turn something in.” Lovingly, she caressed the books on her desk. Miss Lipps was a firm believer in paper books. Everything could be found on data crystals and data stylus pads, but Miss Lipps said it took away the joy of curling up in a chair, book in hand and mind ready for adventure and amazing journeys.
“That’s okay, Chica. I forgive you. Hey, Laylah.”
“Hmm?” Laylah was imagining what fun and danger lived in this new book. Would different aliens be introduced? More characters? The possibilities were endless.
Britta snapped her fingers in front of Laylah’s nose. “Laylah? Wake up, Chica.”
“Oh, sorry. Did you say something, Britta?”
“We need to talk. Not now, but next period,” Britta whispered before sitting in her seat as Miss Lipps began to teach.
The entire time, Laylah wondered what her best friend felt was so urgent. She really hoped it wasn’t about the party. She still hadn’t told Britta that she wasn’t allowed to go. Too soon, in Laylah’s opinion, class was over. Britta grabbed her arm and hurried her to their last class of the day. When her friend led her past their usual seats, Laylah blinked, opened her mouth to object, but a shake of Britta’s head silenced her. Britta finally stopped in the back of the room and peered around.
Laylah nervously glanced at her friend. Study hall was held in a giant auditorium-sized room that held 500 seats. The only students who sat this far in the back were boys and girls looking to “swap spit” as Britta often called it. So why had her friend dragged her here? 
“Britta?”
“Shh. I want you to pay attention to what I have to say. Then you can talk. Okay?”
“Uh, okay.” Laylah was baffled by Britta’s behavior, but listening never hurt anyone and that was one thing she couldn’t mess up.
“Laylah, have you noticed how strange everyone is acting today?”
“Strange? I don’t understand.”
“You’ve made it through the whole day without getting picked on by a bully or yelled at by a professor. Not even once.“
Laylah stared at Britta and thought about what she was saying and knew her friend was right. “Oh.” The weight of comprehension made Laylah speechless.
“Yeah, ‘oh.’ Don’t you find it odd? Not to say that I enjoy you being picked on or publicly humiliated, but when it suddenly stops…it’s strange.”
“What do you think it means?” Laylah was now afraid. Was Violet cooking up something horrible to do to her? She felt sick to her stomach and dug its way into her heart.
“I don’t know, but let’s be careful, okay? I don’t think they’ll do anything today. After all, it’s Friday and they’re all worried about Violet’s party tomorrow night. Speaking of parties….You are coming to mine, right?”
Britta’s sly look made Laylah tense. She fidgeted, nervously playing with her braid. “I, uh….” She coughed, tired to clear her dry throat and failed. “Britta, I...”
“Don’t. Don’t you even bother to say 'I can’t come,' because if you do, I might start yelling.”
 Laylah clutched her books to her chest, eyes downcast. “I’m sorry,” she whispered. She felt horrible for letting down her one and only friend. “Father got mad and grounded me. He wouldn’t even tell me for how long.” Laylah’s voice broke and she sucked in a breath at the tightness in her chest. She heard Britta sigh but she dared not look up, not able to take the disappointment Laylah knew she would see in her friend’s eyes.
“Oh, Laylah. Come here.”
Being hugged surprised Laylah into glancing up. Britta was crying! Bewildered, Laylah hugged her friend hard. “Don’t cry, please. It’s my own stupid fault I got grounded.”
Britta stepped back from her. “How do you figure, Laylah? Your father’s never around and when he does come, he stays long enough to tie you into emotional knots before he leaves again. He comes in like some dictator, doesn’t even bother to ask you how you feel, just barks commands. I’m sick of it. Maybe I should tell him off.”
“No!” Panicked she grabbed Britta’s hands. “No, please, don’t! He’ll take you from me, too. My life sucks enough without losing my only friend!”
“Okay, I won’t. I’m saying, someone should,” Britta grumbled as they went back down to the main section of the room and sat down.
 Laylah was uneasy. Her mind was in a flurry and she tried to calm down. Maybe Violet had decided to take a day off from picking on her. Laylah doubted it though. She could count on being bullied like she could count on Jacques picking her up on time every day from school. Finally the bell rang and she gathered up her books and backpack, hugged Britta and then made her way outside to her pick-up spot. 
She sat down and started reading and became engrossed in the adventures of Beast-master. A hand touched Laylah’s shoulder and she swallowed a scream. Slowly she turned around and let out a relieved breath. “Miss Lipps! Hello. What are you doing here?”
“Laylah, do you know what time it is?”
“I don’t know. Around 3:45, why?”
“It’s 4:35. You’ve been out here almost an hour.”
“No! That can’t be right!” Laylah jumped up. “No, Jacques always comes on time. He’s never, ever late. Never!”
“I’m sorry, Laylah. Is there anyone else you can call?” 
Laylah stared at Miss Lipps before answering. “No, I don’t have anyone else,” she whispered.
“Come, we’ll go call a cab.” Miss Lipps took her hand and together they went back inside the school.

Chapter 17

Henry’s Ohcale staff had spent all day tiptoeing around the lab. He was in a foul mood and no one wanted to be on the receiving end of his temper.
“Where is the DNA sequencer data?” Henry stormed toward the seated interns who cowered at his approach. “Well?” he snapped.
“In the orange file cabinet, second drawer from the top,” the black haired female intern replied, a hint of rebuke in her tone. “You put it there yesterday.”
Henry glared at her before going to the cabinet and riffling through the folders until he found what he was looking for. He pulled the file, slammed the drawer and went back to his desk. He was jotting down notes when Delilah interrupted him.
“Dr. Le Croix, the security alert to the main house is flashing.”
He whipped around. “What!”
“You told me to tell you when the security light on the switchboard ever lit up. Well, it’s lit and flashing. I came immediately to inform you about it.”
Henry was out of his seat and running down the hall to his office. He looked at the wall with the 3-D view of all his properties. His assistant was right. His property in Invarnash was blinking which meant there were uninvited guests in his home. “Delilah!”
She hurried into the office. “Yes, Doctor?”
“Keep everyone working. An emergency has come up and I must take care of it at once.”
“How long will you be gone, sir?”
“I don’t know. If I’m not back by quitting time, send the interns home and lock up.”
"Yes, Dr. Le Croix.”
Henry grabbed his coat and ear comm and headed for the garage where Boris would be waiting with the car. It was a forty-five minute drive from Lower Ohcale to Invarnash. Henry had some calls to make. He was taking back his house. 

~***~

Miss Lipps stayed with Laylah until the cab arrived. Laylah got in. “Thanks for waiting with me.”
“It was my pleasure, Laylah. I’ll see you Monday.”
“Bye, Miss Lipps.” Laylah watched her teacher walk away and she gave the cab driver her address. Her thoughts were jumbled and all she could think about was the fact that Jacques had not come. Nor had he answered his ear comm when she’d called it first before getting the cab. She tugged on her braid and stared at the trees. 
Soon the weeping willows came into view. Laylah sat up and clutched her pack to her chest, as the cab pulled to a stop. She paid the bill and walked up the marble steps, but hesitated at the door. Glancing around, Laylah spotted the limo in the garage and frowned. Where was Jacques? Unease hit her and she considered not going inside. 
“Stop it, Laylah, you’re being silly,” she muttered. Squaring her shoulders, she turned the door knob and walked in.
“Jacques? Naiya?” Laylah peered about, but no one came out to greet her. Uneasiness was fast giving way to fear. It was too quiet. Slowly she made her way to the kitchen door, pushed it open and froze in the doorway. Why were the skylights closed? Why hadn’t someone turned on the lights? 
Laylah took a step into the kitchen and noticed the pantry door ajar. There was a light on in there. Silently she crept to it and pushed it open. Horrified at the sight before her, she stood in the entrance as her mind struggled to process what she saw. A man’s hand was underneath a huge pile of empty boxes.
“Oh my God! Jacques!” Laylah’s shock was lessening but her mind was still struggling to understand. She felt her legs moving and then she ran to him. Her foot slipped and she fell on her butt. 
“Ow!” Laylah tried to get up and yelped when she got a good look at the floor. It was blood she now sat in. Scrambling to stand, she ran the last few feet to Jacques. She tossed the boxes off him and paled. Hastily she backed away, turned and retched. Something had ripped into his body, and, unless she was wrong, most of his intestines were spread outside his body.
“Laylah?” Jacques’ voice was weak and very hoarse.
“Jacques! Oh thank heavens, you’re alive!” Wiping her mouth with the back of her sleeve, Laylah’s tears began to fall and she went to his side, dropping to her knees. “What happened? Who did this? Where’s Naiya and the others? Are they hurt? How did we get broken into?” The questions poured out of her mouth and she couldn’t seem to stop them.
“Laylah! Hush! Listen to me. Get out of here, now!”
“I can’t leave you! You need help. Pressure, that’s it. Pressure stops bleeding!” Laylah put her hands over the jagged tear on his stomach and tried to squeeze close his flesh. Blood continued to seep out and she felt faint at the sight of it.
“Laylah, I need you to listen to me. Get out of here. Run and get help.” Jacques wheezed and tried to push her hands away.
“Help? Yes, help! I need to call for help!” Laylah let go of his skin and fumbled with her pants pockets, trying to get her ear comm out.
“Forgive me.”
“Forgive you?” Laylah glanced up and the impact of his slap knocked her sideways into the pool of blood. Stunned, she lay there staring at him.
“Move your butt, Laylah Le Croix!” he roared.
The guttural shout, coupled with the shock of being hit by someone she trusted not to harm her, was too much. Laylah scooted backward before getting to her feet. She ran from the pantry, sobbing in confusion and hurt. She didn’t look where she ran as she left the kitchen and went out the side door that led to the backyard.

Chapter 18

Blinded by her tears, Laylah ran. Her side ached and she was forced to slow down. She wiped at her eyes and noticed that she was in the forest behind the house. Laylah didn’t remember coming in this direction, but somehow it felt right. Strangely enough she felt at home in this place, surrounded by trees and birds.
 Laylah caught her breath and pondered about what happened. Jacques had hit her! She couldn't believe it. Why had he hit her so hard?
The sting of the slap remained with Laylah as she looked about, trying to figure out how to get back home, or at least find someone to help Jacques. It was starting to get dark and she hated nighttime. She started walking, not sure what direction to take.
The snap of a twig froze Laylah in her tracks. She strained to hear and noticed that the forest was quiet. Her heartbeat sped up and the familiar hand of fear touched her. She took two steps and the air was suddenly filled with menacing animal calls. Stifling a scream, she turned and ran.
Behind her, twigs snapped and the sounds of the pursuing animals grew louder. Laylah glanced over her shoulder to see and tripped over a tree root. Her ankle popped as it twisted the wrong way and she fell to the ground writhing in agony. Hoarsely, she screamed as the pain radiated up her leg. She saw the bone sticking out of her flesh and she almost fainted.
::Get up! You can’t lie there:: 
The voice in her head frightened her into an amazed and scared silence. 
::Get up, now, or they will rip you to pieces!::
“Who are you?” she whispered, her ankle throbbing. She must be going crazy.
::You are not crazy, but you’re going to be very dead if you don’t move that cute body out of harm’s way.::
Cute body?  Now she knew she was dreaming, but something about the voice compelled her to her feet. She didn’t want to die, but she was hurt and there was only so much she could do. “Where do I go?”
::Follow my voice. I will get you to safety. Now, run!::
Laylah obeyed, but the pain slowed her down to a fast hobble hopping movement that still managed to jar the injury. There was barely any light left and she was exhausted. The voice continued to urge her on. The sounds of the animals hadn’t gotten closer, but neither had they stopped. She knew that they would close in soon.
::You are almost there. Give it everything you’ve got. Hurry, Beautiful.::
She snorted. “Sweet talking won’t help me move any faster,” she snapped, but the howl of a wolf nearly brought on a panic attack. 
"I can’t do this!” she wailed, her strength waning.
::You can and you will. You’re here! Now climb, Beautiful, climb.:: 
“No way!” Laylah stared in dismay at the hill in front of her. “I’m not going to make it!” Panic set in when the second wolf howled. The setting sun’s dying glow gave her the first glimpse of the animals hunting her. She blinked and gasped. Two wolves, a giant leopard, a horse and one enormous grizzly bear had cleared the forest and were making a beeline for her.
::Climb!::  the voice shouted, startling her into obeying. 
 Her entire body hurt and the pain in her ankle was excruciating. It had long gone past being tolerable. Laylah slipped when she reached for a handhold, slid down and cut her exposed belly on a protruding rock before catching herself. Panting, she fought exhaustion and continued climbing. She tried to ignore the unhappy and angry noises the animals were making below her. She wanted to be safe.
Finally, her hand touched the top and she reached with the other to anchor herself. She felt fingers wrap around her wrist. “Hey! Let go!” but the words died in her throat as she was hauled upward. 
Laylah had one confused moment to catch sight of the person grabbing her — blue eyes, dark brown hair, man — before being tossed behind him. She screamed in agony from the pain that lanced her body as her hurt ankle hit a stick lying on the ground. Tears ran down her face as she fought to manage the throbbing from the injury.
She heard a growl and she wildly jerked her head up. Amazed, she stared at the wolf that stood on the edge. How had it gotten up so fast? It wasn't possible! She'd barely made it up and she had hands! Laylah’s rescuer stood two feet in front of her and she felt afraid for him. He also was blocking her view. She struggled to sit up and the sight that greeted her made her want to hide. 
All the animals were on the hilltop with her and the mystery man. Everything was quiet, so still you could hear an eyelash fall. The creatures in front of her rescuer seemed to shimmer before the popping of bones filled the air and the creatures began to change. Features slid away becoming more human as the five animals went to their hind legs and grew until men stood in their place.
“You’re...you’re....” Words failed Laylah. Eyes wide in marvel and terror, she stared, unsure of what her sight was telling her. Wait a minute! They were naked! Her cheeks flamed pink with embarrassment. Laylah averted her gaze and threw her hands up, covering her eyes.
“Well, well. If it isn’t the mighty Donil,” sneered the man who had been the big brown wolf.
Laylah peeked underneath her fingers, making sure to look at the men’s faces and not lower. The one who spoke first, seemed to be the leader of the chasers. His voice had that same cruel tone Violet got whenever the older girl was about to bully Laylah.
“Hello, Gerard. What an unpleasant surprise,” her savior retorted.
Her mystery man’s voice was pleasant to the ears, but held a bite to it. The two men were obviously not friends.
“Move out of the way, Donil, and let us have our prey.”
Prey? What did he mean by that? Wait a minute, was he talking about her? Didn't he know it was illegal to hunt humans? Laylah was starting to get that helpless feeling and along with it, a little anger at her current situation.
“She’s nobody’s prey, Gerard. Take your flunkies and get off my land.” 
 Donil shifted position and kept himself in front of Laylah.
Gerard snarled and his gang shuffled about. “No can do. The boss wants her, the boss gets her. Get him, boys, and bring me the girl.”
“With pleasure,” growled the giant man who had been the grizzly bear.
 Laylah squeaked in fear as the nude men charged. Mid-air, they slammed into something invisible that bounced them away, tossing them several feet. In disbelief, she stared at Donil and wondered who he really was.
“Very impressive, Donil. I see the rumors about you are true. You are strong. But I didn’t come here to lose.” Gerard growled low and his gang stopped where they were.
Laylah felt the hairs stand up on her body and she shivered. A faint pressure touched her and suddenly her body grew heavy. Fear hit her and she struggled to remain upright but her body refused to work as she was forced to the ground. “Help me,” she whimpered.
“Don’t worry, I will,” Donil assured her.
“Ha! Don’t make promises you can’t keep, Donil. You’re weak, like the rest of your family,” Gerard sneered.
“You can be such an idiot, Gerard. Maybe that’s why your Alpha really keeps you around.”
Laylah was amazed her protector could remain so calm and still be standing. Her own heart was racing. She wanted to live, not die on a hilltop.
“Go home, Gerard, and take your pups with you.”
Gerard tried to stare down Donil and lost. “This isn’t over.”
“Oh, of that I’m sure. Send my regards to your Alpha.”
Gerard gave an impotent snarl, barked orders to his men and they all changed back into animals and ran away with super speed toward the west.
Once they were gone, the invisible force that had pinned her down vanished. Laylah made an attempt at rising but was too spent. “Please.” She didn’t know what to ask for but she needed help. 
Donil turned and squatted down, putting his face close to her. She found herself lost inside his gaze. Blue eyes, not sea blue but not dark blue either, stared at her in concern. He grimaced, breaking the hold his gaze had on her. 
 Laylah gulped, blushed and ducked her head, confused by her reaction to him. Why did she feel so hot? Her heart was racing, but she wasn't scared. What was happening to her? She knew her cheeks had to be a bright pink because she was extremely uncomfortable. She yelped when his fingers touched her ankle.
“Sorry about that. It’s broken. I need to get you to a doctor right now.”
Laylah clutched at his arm. “Please. Jacques needs help. He was bleeding and…and.” Her body began to shake so badly her teeth chattered. “What’s wrong with me?”
“You’re going into shock.”
“Shock? Oh, is that why I feel lightheaded?” Her vision swam and Laylah knew she was going to do something silly. “I think I’m going to faint.” She moaned, not liking the dizziness.
Donil scooped her up. “I’ve got you, Beautiful. I’ll keep you safe.”
“Oh, good.” She sighed, closed her eyes and let unconsciousness take her.

Chapter 19

The clacking of Zina’s heels echoed in the hallway of the Brayshell Community Center. Her army had gathered and eagerly awaited orders to begin their takeover of the Council and Le Croix Industries. With still no word from Gerard whether or not they had the girl, Zina was growing impatient. Her ear comm rang and she turned it on. “Speak.”
“My Alpha, we are en-route to you.”
“Very good, Gerard. I will see you when get here.” Zina turned and held up her hand for silence. 
“Many of you have been with me since the beginning. We suffered a major setback thirteen years ago, but we learned valuable lessons from that failure. And now we are here, ready and strong to take down the Council who branded us traitors and outcasts.
“No longer will we be dominated by our brethren who believe themselves superior to us while not being subject to the same rules they hold us accountable to. No longer will we allow abominations to be born and cherished as if some great gift from God. No longer will we allow the humans to control our lives with their antiquated laws that show their fear and prejudice. 
“Now is the time for all pure Weres to rise up and let their voices be heard. Our deeds will blaze across the world, showing the way for the lost to make their way back to the light. We are superior to all others. We are the best, the strongest, the brightest, the most powerful! They will kneel before us or be crushed underneath our feet!”
The assembled men and women roared with one voice, bloodlust in their eyes as Zina worked them into a feverish pitch. “We will no longer skulk in the shadows, waiting for our day in the sun. We are the future and it is here! Our time is now! Rise up, my brothers and sisters, and let us take what we are owed!”
“Zina! Zina! Zina!” The chant swelled in volume until it shook the walls. 
Zina's smile grew wider when she heard a vehicle pull up outside. “And my friends, we shall begin with the abomination that started it all--the daughter of Henry Le Croix!” 
Zina turned, hand outstretched to the door that opened to reveal Gerard and the men who had gone with him. Her eyes narrowed and she stormed toward Gerard, her hands changing to claws. The other men flinched except for Gerard and Alexis who stood stoically in the face of her wrath.
“Where…is…the…girl?” Zina was nose to nose with Gerard.
“We ran into a snag, my Alpha. Donil Silentshadow was there protecting her. He used his Alpha shielding. We couldn’t get to her.”
Zina backed up a step and, with a furious swipe of her claws, ripped Gerard's shirt and flesh. “Why did you not call for backup?”
“You set a strict deadline. You told us not to deviate, my Alpha.”
She gave him a vicious slap that staggered him. The entire building had gone silent as the gathered Weres watched in fear.  
“I told you that I needed that girl! Without her, Henry will not bow down and the Council will back him. You are a disgrace, letting one newbie Alpha stop the five of you!”
“My Alpha!” Gerard’s face was bleeding from the slap. Her claws had cut into his cheek. “Donil may be new to his Alpha powers, but he is stronger than most. Alexis and I combined our powers and still couldn’t get past him.”
Zina’s fury was still hot, but she listened to what Gerard said. This could change things. If the Silentshadow clan sided with Le Croix, she might be defeated. No, she could not allow this alliance. Once again, it was the abomination’s fault. 
She moved away from Gerard and came to stand in the center of the small stage. “Listen, my people. This is a taste of what we can expect. A pure Were turned on his fellows for one reason only--to protect an abomination that shrouds itself in deceptive innocence and beauty, but underneath is the downfall of all we hold dear. If even our strongest is susceptible, it is even more vital that we get rid of the problem. I want volunteers for a mission to take the abomination from its minions so that we can be rid of it! Who wishes this honor?”
“I do!” a voice shouted from the assembled.
“No, I want it!”
“Good, good. I will make my selection and tomorrow we will set the plan in motion. Let us hunt and celebrate what it means to be pure!”
Still ignoring Gerard and his disgraced group, Zina led the way outside to the forest that stood behind the community building. She flung back her head and howled as she threw off her dress. Smoothly she transformed into the tan and brown wolf form that she gloried in. Sleek, lean and lethal. All around her humans were turning into various animals. She howled again, announcing the hunt and the predators as one entered the forest.

Chapter 20

By the time Henry arrived in Invarnash, his Betas and Enforcers had made it to the mansion and freed all the employees. Jacques was being tended by the Le Croix family doctor. Ignoring the greetings of the household staff, Henry strode inside to the den. He found Jacques lying on the table cursing the doctor.
“Mason, how bad is he?” Henry demanded as he came to a stop a few feet from doctor and patient.
“He’s going to scar. They used silver to line the tear and that kept him from healing properly. He needs eight hours of sleep and he’ll be good as new. I’ve removed all the silver too.”
“Hurt like the bloody blazes,” Jacques snarled. “Can I get up now?”
“One second.” Mason tied off the last stitch and cut it. “You’re lucky we got to you in time. You might have died from silver poisoning if we’d been an hour later. As it is, your body’s going to be sluggish from the silver that is in your blood. It will be expelled in a few hours. Rest, now. I’ll give you a sedative and pain meds.”
“No, to both. We have to find Laylah.” Jacques swung his legs over the side of the table and swayed.
“Look, Jacques. I did not spend the last thirty minutes patching you up so you can go undo it by chasing down the girl!”
“She is not just some girl! She is Henry’s heir and daughter. Besides, Gerard was the one who came here to kidnap her.”
“What!” Henry’s roar made Jacques and Mason wince, but it was his intense gaze boring into Jacques that had Mason backing away from the two men.
“He was here with a wolf I didn’t recognize, some young leopard and Alexis the Grizzly.”
“Wait, you mean, the infamous Alexis Grizzly Bear, known for his successes as an assassin?” Mason interjected, looking horrified.
“Yes, that one. There could have been more but they were the ones who took me on.”
“Why did they want Laylah, Jacques?”
“Henry, they wanted to take her to Zina.”
Henry threw back his head and let out a hair-raising howl that spoke of death and rage. He ignored Mason and Jacques, who sank to their knees, heads lowered in submission.
Henry stopped and snarled, “That bitch never could leave well enough alone!” He looked up as Naiya, Thaniel and Boris entered the room at a run.
“Alpha?” Naiya glanced from Mason to Jacques and then to Henry. “Is it true, my Alpha? Did Gerard take her? The trackers say they’ve followed her scent and it went into the forest as did Gerard and his gang.”
“I just got here and do not have all the reports. Bring Byron to me now.” Henry turned to Boris. “Contact the Council. Let them know that a certain meddlesome she-wolf is back.” He went to his desk and sat, ignoring everyone. He knew they would carry out his orders. 
The staff hurried from the room to do his bidding. Henry turned on the communication console and accessed his work files. He decided he might as well be profitable while waiting. A few minutes later, Byron arrived, followed by Naiya, Boris, and Jacques. 
“Well?” Henry impatiently waited on Boris’ response.
“My Alpha, the Council has been informed. They said “no bloodshed” but that force is allowed to retrieve what is yours.”
Henry slammed his fist down on the oak desk and watched a crack appear. “Of course they protect Zina. Her father still sits on the Council, doesn’t he?” Bitterness filled his tone. 
“Yes, my Alpha, he does, though there is talk of replacing him soon.”
“Is that so, Boris? Good to know. Now, Byron, you are my best tracker. Find Laylah and bring her back here.”
“Henry, please, my Alpha, let me do it!” Jacques stepped forward with a grim look of determination. “It is my fault she fled the house. I should be the one to bring her back.”
“Permission denied. Byron is more than capable. You need to figure out how they got through a security system that costs me millions to maintain. If Zina’s people can get in here, then my other properties are vulnerable. I use the same company for all my security work. I refuse to be blindsided again.”
“But!”
“I have spoken. That is all. Byron, go with Naiya. She can give you something of Laylah’s to track her by. I want results, People. Dismissed!”
Henry noted their departure and Jacques’ disgusted look. “Going to challenge me, old friend?”
They stared at each other for a long time before Jacques lowered his gaze. “No…Alpha.”
It didn’t escape Henry’s notice that Jacques purposefully left off the “my” in his reply. He was going to have to keep Jacques under surveillance. His friend was good and brilliant with strategy. Jacques was also a very strong Beta with the potential to be Alpha. Yes, he would keep an eye on his Chief of Security. Henry waited until Jacques left and pulled out his ear comm to check on Delilah and his interns.

~***~

Donil Silentshadow regarded the unconscious girl in his arms and a soft smile lit his face. She was beautiful with that olive skin, red hair and green eyes filled with innocence and pain. Such a contradiction, but an intriguing one at that. How Henry Le Croix could have produced such a child boggled the mind. Of course, one couldn’t forget Helena Le Croix, the mother of the girl he held. Helena had been sweet-natured and gorgeous but when angered, possessed all the fire of her panther side.
 He pondered all these things and more as he gently laid the girl down in the backseat of his car. He needed to stop calling her Girl, Donil admonished himself as he got in and drove toward his home. En route, he contacted his mother to explain what had happened. He laughed when she chided him for the near fight and she assured him she would be ready to treat his guest’s injuries.
The drive took thirty minutes and soon Donil was turning down a dark, unlit road. He followed it until it dead-ended in front of a large log house. Several lights were on inside.
Donil got out of the car and waved a greeting to the two women who stood on the porch steps. Carefully he got Laylah out, cradled her close to his chest and went up the stairs. He ignored his sister Mya’s pissed look and his mother’s chuckle as he went inside. His mother’s office was at the far end of the house and that’s where he took Laylah. His mother was a doctor, specializing in Weres, though she helped humans too. Many came to her when they had nowhere else to go.
“Donil, put her on the examination bed so I can take a look at her.”
“Yes, Mom.” Anxiously, he laid his precious burden down and stepped back to let his mother do her work. 
“Hm. Looks like someone hit her.” She pointed to the large bruise on Laylah’s right cheek. She ignored Donil’s angry growl. “Her ankle is fractured but it can be repaired. I see other scrapes and bruises but nothing life-threatening.” She checked her patient’s vitals, took some blood samples and X-rays of the ankle. 
She made notations on a chart before turning to Donil. “I’m going to give her a sedative to keep her under while I reset the bone and put a cast on. Don’t want her to wake up in the middle of that.”
“Good idea, Mother. I really need to talk to you after you’re finished here.”
“Yes, Dear. Now go, get cleaned up and I’ll be ready to give you more details on your lady friend.”
“Thanks, Mom.” Donil kissed the cheek she offered him and headed for his room.
The shower calmed Donil and he did feel better. It also helped ease…other things. His previous girlfriends had been plentiful and some he’d actually been serious with for more than a month. At twenty-two, he was still single but, for the first time, he’d felt something different. Being around Laylah affected him like nothing else had. It wasn’t just her appearance. She was gorgeous, but there was more to her. Things were hidden deep, even slumbering. They called to him, made him want to help her access them. 
Grinning, he went to the kitchen where he knew his mother would be. It was her second favorite spot in the house, the first being her office where she treated her patients.
“There you are, my lad. Come. Sit. I made you a hot ham and cheese sandwich.”
Donil laughed. “You know me too well, Mother.” He slid into a seat. “Mm, you melted the cheese, just right. Ah, yes, this will hit the spot.” He took a bite, savoring the taste. It was the simple things in life that made him happy.
“Well, my boy, the good news is that her ankle has been reset and put into a cast. Other than the bruise on her face, minor scrapes and cuts and slight dehydration, she’s fine.”
“I hear a “but” coming.” Donil put down his food.
“Not really a but, more a question. Do you realize who she is, Donil?”
“Yes, Mother. I do. She’s Henry Le Croix’s daughter.”
“You did a good deed and saved her life, but given your past history with Henry Le Croix, I’m afraid that your kindness will backfire.”
“It’s a chance I’m willing to take. Mother, Gerard was one of the hunters chasing the girl.” Donil saw her surprised look but he continued. "And he had Alexis with him as well.”
“That means Zina is in the area. That is bad business all around. We need to have our people be prepared. Just in case.” 
“I defer to your wisdom in such matters, since my experience is limited. I know that Gerard was intent on grabbing Laylah. No way was I letting that go down.”
“Donil, she told you her name? When did that happen?”
 He caught his mother’s sly look. Holding up a hand to forestall any more questions, Donil quickly answered. 
“I know her name because I read the society papers and her name was under a picture she was in.” He hoped that would satisfy his curious parent.
“Ah, right. The society papers. Speaking of guests, yours will be awake in the morning. You need to get some sleep yourself.”
Donil finished off his sandwich, gave her a kiss on the cheek and went to his mother’s office first. He needed to check on Laylah. He stood by the bed and stared at her for several long minutes. She was resting peacefully. Donil was glad. She deserved it after the harrowing day she’d had. Smiling, he left and went to his own room.

Chapter 21

Jacques was incensed. It was almost midnight and no word on Laylah. And Henry…Never would Jacques have believed that his friend and Alpha would actually care more about his security system than his own daughter. A soft knock at the door broke his concentration. Frustrated, Jacques ran his hand over his bald head and barked, “Come in!”
“Jacques, I brought you something to eat.” Naiya held a plate of steaming food in one hand.
“Thanks, Naiya, but I’m not hungry or in the mood.” He heard her sigh. “Sorry. It’s Henry…dangit! He sent only one tracker, Naiya. Just one! As if Laylah was some stray dog that doesn’t deserve the time of day or the effort of being looked for. She’s his daughter for heaven's sake!” Jacques got out of his seat and punched the wall, needing to take his aggravation out on something.
Naiya put down the plate and walked over to him. She put a comforting hand on his arm. “She’s safe, somewhere. Of that, I’m certain. If she were dead, we’d know by now.”
“That doesn’t mean squat or make this situation any better! We all know how ruthless Zina is. She’s a crazy Alpha bitch who loves to inflict pain on helpless victims! Yeah, she’d keep Laylah alive to taunt Henry, but that doesn’t mean with body and mind in one piece. God, I can’t sit here!” 
Jacques jerked away from Naiya and stomped toward the door. He was not going to hang out working a useless angle. Laylah had grown on him and he loved her like his own pup. No, he was going to find her and the consequences be damned.
“Wait, Jacques! If you go against Henry’s orders, he’ll make you an outcast and how will that benefit Laylah? Your replacement will be some no nonsense, unfeeling jerk. Is that what you want for her?”
Jacques stared at Naiya and fought for self-control. “I don’t like it, but you’re right.” He sat back down. “I suppose being hungry isn’t helping me concentrate on how Gerard got in here in the first place.”
She pushed the plate to him. “A full stomach can work wonders. I’ve got to clean up the mess our unwanted visitors made.” Naiya patted his hand. “You will figure this out.”
Jacques smiled sadly. “Let’s hope your faith in me is not misplaced.”
“I know it’s not.” She waved and left Jacques to his work.

~***~

The first quarter moon’s light, obscured somewhat by the trees, cast a dim shadow over the clearing Stefan found himself standing in. Every ten years the Council would move their headquarters. For the current decade they held court in Homesa. 
His sensitive nose caught the smell of water and smoke from a recent campfire. The crackle of a leaf disappearing under a shoe alerted him to the newcomer. Stefan pulled his gun from its side holster.
“Now, now, Stefan. Is that any way to greet a friend?” Drayden emerged from the shadows.
“I have no friends. Let's get this over with.”
“You’re still so broody, Stefan. Some things never change. And yet, some do. We’ll see if the new favors you or not.”
“And what exactly does that mean, Drayden? And don’t play coy,” Stefan warned.
“Remember that blood ties are important and should be used when everything else fails. Now, come, they’re waiting.”
“Yes, let’s not make them wait.” Stefan knew the Council hated insolence. Tough titty. That’s what he was all about. A rule breaker.
Drayden snorted and led the way to a run down shack. They stepped inside and Stefan wasn’t surprised by what he saw. A long corridor stretched out before them. Dimly lit, it was designed to intimidate visitors and supplicants. It served as a reminder that the things that went “bump in the night” were alive, well and dangerous.
Stefan had long ago lost his fear of the Council’s inner chambers and of the Weres who ran it. He could thank Zina for that bit of confidence. He wasn’t arrogant enough to believe that he couldn’t die by their hands.  Stefan did respect the power they wielded but, unlike the rest of his kind, the Council was not on a pedestal and worshiped as god. They could bleed like any mortal creature. That was knowledge he’d gained first hand at Zina’s side.
He and Drayden stopped at the double doors. Until they opened, the two men could go no further. Stefan took a moment to admire the artwork. It was priceless and beautifully drawn. The artist, Alayah Fields, had loved animals and, when approached by the Were Council to do this commission, she had happily taken it. Animals of all shapes, sizes and tribes decorated both doors. The details were amazing. Slowly, Stefan traced his finger over the wolf. The doors started to open and he pulled his hand back. Time to face the Council. He schooled his features and entered with Drayden by his side.
 The two men went to the giant circle in the middle of room. Known by all as the Reckoning Circle, a Were could find salvation or punishment within it. Stefan had yet to find the first and plenty of the second. He tried to do the right thing, but what his heart told him was right ended up being wrong. Maybe this time would be different. Somehow he doubted it. 
Pulling his thoughts together, Stefan entered the circle, and stood with his head held high to let them see he was unafraid. He ignored the murmurs of the Weres who stayed at court with the Council, but were not part of it. Many of them were like fawning pups, hoping to curry favor with a Council member with the dream of rising in station.
“Stefan McJeyson, the Council bids you welcome.”
Stefan gave a curt nod to the female who had addressed him. He recognized her. Isabella Santos was a Werebear from the Alaska Polar Bear Clan and the current leader of the Council. She was a tiny woman at five-feet-three, but her presence was large and demanding. She was one Alpha he’d never cross. People that angered her tended to disappear. “My Lady.”
“Always so polite. Knew there was a reason why I liked you.” 
Hazel eyes stared at him, searching for something. Patiently, Stefan waited for her to tell him what task they wanted done. His gut told him that it wouldn’t be to his liking.
“Stefan McJeyson, thirteen years ago you sided with a female Alpha in her bid for power. You watched as she wiped out Were families, took down Alphas and murdered several Council members. You were her second-in-command and her lover. You even allowed her to attack humans, resulting in the deaths of several and creating a PR nightmare for us. All this, you did to get back at Zina’s object of obsession, Henry Le Croix.”
“That is past history and I paid for my part in that rebellion. Even after my punishment ended, I cut ties with Zina and went into self-exile, where I’ve happily been minding my business and not bothering anyone. Next thing I know, you’re sending Drayden to play fetch and bring me before you.” Stefan ignored the other man’s growl. “You have disrupted my hard won peace and quiet. Let's get to the point. What’s so friggin’ important that you had to drag me here in the middle of the night to talk?”
The room erupted in hisses, mutters and growls as the assembled Weres took offense to his words.
“Silence! There will be order.” Isabella rose from her chair and grinned at Stefan.
 Stefan took a step back. Her grin was not a friendly one. No, it was one of calculation and bad intentions.
“Stefan, Stefan. Come now. We don’t call unless there’s a good reason. She’s back, you know, and stirring up trouble.”
 The news stunned him and he managed to keep his expression guarded. “Your point?”
“My point is this, Omega. We need you to lead our forces against hers. You know how she thinks, reacts, the moves she’ll make.”
Of all the scenarios Stefan had considered, this was not one of them. He was silent too long. One of the prominent Council members, Javier Morales, surged to his feet.
“Think you’re too good for this assignment, Omega? You have no status. You are nothing. You should be licking our feet and thanking us for this chance!”
Stefan laughed. “No, I don’t think I’m too good. My involvement with Zina was the very reason you banished me thirteen years ago and is the reason you need me now. Ah yes, the irony. I want to make something very clear. I’ll do this, but it won’t be for you, for pride or money. No, I’m doing this for the one female who matters to me.”
“Still pining after that Alpha bitch? Once a failure, always a failure. We’ll be watching you, Omega!” Javier partially shifted and bared his fangs and claws.
Stefan gave him a mocking bow. “You and your opinions do not concern me.” Pointedly, he looked at Isabella who chuckled.
“Smart wolf, you are. Just remember, Boy. One wrong move and I’ll personally snap your neck.”
“Touché. Are we done?” Stefan pretended boredom, but was fed up with all the grandstanding.
“Yes, for now. We’ll send our General and Captains to you on Sunday. If you pull this off, you can name your reward.”
“Isabella! He is an outcast, not even a true Omega!” Javier protested.
“Quiet! I lead here, not you.” She whirled on Javier. “Unless you’ve grown a spine and wish to challenge me?” Her voice was soft, the words menacing.
Stefan watched the byplay with interest. Time had changed the power base within the Council. Javier had been top dog thirteen years ago but now Isabella was in control. She ruled with fear and commanded respect. Stefan was impressed and smothered a chuckle as Javier rethought his next words.
“No. No challenge, Isabella. A little surprised at such…generosity.”
“We can afford to be. Keeps the underlings happy. After all, they are the ones doing all the work while we benefit.” She turned her gaze from Javier to Stefan. “Anything you desire will be yours. Now get out. The Council has other matters to attend to.”
Stefan and Drayden bowed, backing slowly from the circle. Nothing else needed to be said. Stefan waited until they were outside before berating Drayden. “Whose bright idea was it to suggest I be pitted against Zina?”
“Easy there, Wolf Boy. I couldn’t stand your moping around and wasting your skills on Humans. I might have dropped a hint or two in Isabella’s ear.”
“Next time, Bear, keep your great ideas to yourself!”
“Oh, come on, Stefan! If you pull this off, you’ll be able to see her, instead of watching over her from a distance.”
Drayden didn’t see Stefan move and was caught by surprise when Stefan’s fist sent him crashing to the ground. Before he could recover, Stefan’s knee pressed on his throat. Shock flickered briefly in his eyes as did respect. 
“Just because you’re bigger than me, Cub, does not make me less dangerous. If I find out that she gets harmed because of this scheme you and your uncle are running, there will be no place on the planet where you can hide from my wrath.” His face was an inch away from Drayden’s. There was more animal in the threatening look Stefan gave the bear, but he didn’t care.
Drayden held his hands up in a placating way. “Don’t worry, Wolf, I feel you. Now get off. You need to go rest. I have other jobs to do.”
Stefan removed his knee, stood, and pulled Drayden to his feet. They regarded each other and Drayden walked away, leaving Stefan to wrestle with his thoughts.

~***~

On the hilltop beyond the forest behind the Le Croix property, a large gray wolf stood, bathed in the moon’s light. The girl’s trail had stopped here. He shifted from wolf to human. He crouched down, examining the paw prints, footprints and tire tracks that filled the area. Whoever had the girl had taken the vehicle and headed northeast. 
Byron stretched, working out the kinks in his muscles. He would give his Alpha the bad news, but at least Jacques’ version of the story was validated. Byron recognized the paw prints of Gerard and Alexis, as well as their scents. The other three were a mystery to him. He liked puzzles. He’d get an answer soon.
::My Alpha, I have followed the trail as far as I am able. She was removed from the area by a vehicle that went in a northeast direction.::
::Good work, Byron. I will have the other trackers come up with possible hideout locations. Come back to the mansion. You cannot do anything else tonight.::
::As you command, my Alpha.:: Byron closed their shared mental connection and transformed back to wolf. He howled once and headed back to the mansion.


Chapter 22

Kattcha Silentshadow stood by the bed watching her patient. Her son, Donil, was clearly smitten. The girl was a beauty, like her mama,  Helena, had been. There was no way Henry Le Croix would ever let his daughter be with Donil. Kattcha sighed and hoped he would cure himself of his infatuation quickly.
A moan came from the bed and Kattcha looked down. Sleepy green eyes locked on her face. Confusion, then fear filled them. Kattcha readied herself for histrionics, just in case.
“Where am I?”
The calmness with which the question was asked surprised Kattcha. She had expected hysteria, aggression, even wailing. Not calmness. Nonplussed, she simply stared.
Laylah fidgeted and averted her gaze.
Maybe the girl was still in shock, thought Kattcha. No one was this calm after an ordeal like last night. Kattcha finally found her voice. “You’re safe. You’re safe.” 
“Safe?” Laylah lay on the bed and stared at the ceiling. “So, no animals changing into nude men here? And none that want to kidnap me?”
“No, child. You’re safe. I promise you. How do you feel?”
“Achy and my ankle hurts, but not as bad as when I injured it. Please, what time is it?”
“It’s 9:30 am and it’s Saturday. You’ve been out like a light since 8:30 last night.”
Laylah paled and began to cry, which confused Kattcha. Gently, she pulled the young woman into her arms and hugged her tightly. “I’m here if you want to talk about it.”
“Jacques, he was counting on me to get help and I failed. He’s probably dead and it’s all my fault!” Laylah cried, deep wracking sobs that shook her body.
Kattcha rubbed her back and murmured soothing words to her distraught guest.
That was how Donil found them fifteen minutes later when he came into the office to check on Laylah. He paused in the doorway, unwilling to intrude on the pair. His mother heard him and beckoned over Laylah’s shoulder for him to enter.
“Hello, Laylah. Good morning, Mother.” 
Laylah’s reaction was comical. She squeaked in surprise at his appearance in the room, whirled free of his mother’s arms and almost hit his mother in the process. She turned a lovely shade of pink before dropping her head.
“I’m sorry that we were not properly introduced last night.” He held out his hand. “Hello, I’m Donil Silentshadow, and this lovely woman you were talking with is my mother, Kattcha Silentshadow.” He gave Laylah a roguish grin, hoping to put her at ease.
She blushed again and shyly took his hand and shook it. “Hello, I’m Laylah Le Croix.”
“Well, Laylah, I’m glad to see you’re awake and feeling better. After yesterday’s events, I worried about you.”
“Thank you for being concerned but I’m fine. Stiff and aching, but alive. That’s something to be thankful for, right?”
Donil heard the cheerful words, but her eyes told a different story. They spoke of cautious hope and fear of rejection. He did not like that she believed she would be rebuffed. He wanted her to feel secure and know that her hope was valid. 
“Laylah, you don’t have to pretend to be happy for our sakes. In this house, honesty is valued, not trampled on. Without honesty, there can be no respect or trust.”
“Oh!” Laylah wrung her hands together, distressed.
::Donil, you are a smart man, my son. But at this moment you are being rather dumb.::
::Dumb? What do you mean, Mother?::
::She’s scared, in a strange place with nothing familiar to ease her fears and you’re lecturing her about trust issues. Timing is everything and yours right now is bad. Son, I raised you better than that.:: 
His mother gave him “the look” that made him blush when he understood his mistake. The mental conversation took only seconds and Laylah appeared oblivious.
“Laylah! I’m so sorry. That was rude of me. I didn’t mean to fuss at you. Please, can you forgive me?” 
Laylah glanced up at him, nodded and added a very timid, “Okay.”
He grinned and his mother smothered a laugh at Laylah’s behavior. Donil stared unabashedly at Laylah, while she shyly did the same. His mother tsked him.
 “She needs to get dressed, Donil, and she needs to eat. So out! We’ll see you in the kitchen.”
Donil chuckled and kissed her on the cheek. “Yes, Mother.”
Kattcha rolled her eyes as he whistled and left. “I swear he takes after his father. Now, my girl, how about a shower and some clothes?”
“That would be nice.” Laylah glanced at the nightgown she had on. “Did you put this on me last night?”
“Yes. Couldn’t leave you in what you had on. It would have been very uncomfortable. Come, swing your legs over the side and I’ll get you to the bathroom. You can shower, too. Let me cover the cast with a plastic bag to keep it dry.”
“Please, I need to call home. I need to know if Jacques and Naiya are all right.” Laylah got her legs in position and, with Kattcha’s aid, shakily stood.
“You can call after the shower. That way you’ll feel more human and be able to focus better on what they tell you.”
Laylah tugged on her braid and shuffled about before agreeing. “Yes, a shower does sound nice.”
“Good, it’s settled. This way.” Kattcha helped her to a side room that contained a simple shower stall, toilet and sink. With quick efficiency, Kattcha put a large trash bag over the cast, tying it tight with some cord and helped Laylah into the shower. “Here’s your towel, soap, washcloth and clean clothes. I’ll be back in forty-five minutes. Oh, here is some shampoo.”
“Thank you, Ms. Silentshadow.” Laylah hugged the items to her chest.
“Kattcha, my dear. Just Kattcha.”
“Thank you…Kattcha.”
She patted Laylah’s hand before leaving her alone with her thoughts.

Chapter 23

The blaring of the alarm woke Jacques. Bleary eyed, he stared at the blinking number. It was mid-morning. He had a crick in his neck from sleeping on top of the keyboard. He blinked and sat up with a start. He did a double take at the monitor screen. Upset by the images before him, he jumped to his feet and ran from the security center to the mansion. 
He burst through the door, flinging it open so hard it broke the hinges and scared Naiya into eyeballing him. She backed slowly behind the counter and out of his way.
“Naiya! Where is Henry?”
“Last I saw, he was in the den on the ear comm. What’s going on, Jacques?
“Nothing except me doing my job! Gotta go!” He jogged by her and out to the foyer before going to the den. Jacques had to find Henry and lock down the grounds. He knew Naiya had expected him to answer, but he couldn’t. Not yet. Not until he talked to his Alpha. 
Jacques slowed to a walk and knocked on the den door. He heard Henry call out, “enter,” and he went in. He noticed Byron, Boris and, to his surprise, Kenneth Dupre and his cousin Michael Haleston. Both men were Betas who ran some of Henry’s other properties. Everyone was seated around the 3-D presentation center, looking at the information displayed there.
Fighting back a snarl at being excluded from this meeting, Jacques calmed himself enough to give Henry the proper greeting. “My Alpha, I have the evidence we need as to how Gerard and his thugs managed to get inside the grounds.”
His words silenced all conversation. Henry studied him, and Jacques returned the favor. He let Henry see his fury at being regulated to Omega duties, for not being allowed to help find Laylah and for being kept from this obviously important meeting of all Henry's Betas.
“Indeed? Then tell me, Jacques. How was it done?”
“Simple. We have a traitor among the staff.”
Kenneth and Michael came to their feet first, shouting denials. Boris appeared thoughtful and Byron bared his teeth in challenge. Jacques ignored them. His attention was on Henry.
“Silence! This raises some questions, considering the fact that you and I, old friend, handpicked all the employees here.”
“I know, my Alpha. And believe me, when I replayed the footage to be sure, I was flabbergasted at the identity of the culprit. It really was the last person I expected that would wish harm to Laylah.”
“Boris, Bryon. Gather all my employees and take them outside to the game court. Use the wolves that came to assist as enforcers. Jacques will go with you to take a physical count to make sure all are accounted for. The traitor will be revealed and answers given. And then, maybe, playtime with a new toy.”
Jacques saw Henry’s cruel expression and wondered when the friend he’d known for over twenty years had changed. “Yes, my Alpha.” The men filed out ahead of Jacques, his mind on his Alpha’s strange behavior. 

Chapter 24

Laylah let the water wash over her as she scrubbed and shampooed her hair. It had really gotten dirty last night, she thought. She studied her scrapes and bruises and once again thanked the Universe that she was alive and not badly hurt or, even worse, dead. The busted ankle sucked, but if that was the worst that had happened, she was fine with that. She peeked around the shower door to check the clock.  She had fifteen minutes before Kattcha’s return. That was just enough time to rinse out her hair and get dressed. 
Sighing at her thoughts about last night, Laylah pondered why that man, Gerard, had looked at her in such a hateful way. She couldn’t fathom such hatred, especially when she hadn’t done anything to deserve it. She didn’t know what they wanted from her and that bothered her, too. They seemed to expect her to understand their reasons for wishing her harm. 
Laylah’s knowledge of Weres was limited. Were History was taught in school beginning in the fifth grade and continued every year after that. The powers that be didn’t want humans to forget about the Weres. They wanted everyone to remember the Human-Were War that began in 2150 and ended a decade later. And besides, the laws were clear. Neither group should attack the other and anyone caught breaking the law faced jail time or even death. 
So why had they risked it? Laylah hated puzzles and this one was making her head ache. The water was cold and she got out. Somehow she managed to get herself dressed. 
“I’ll have to thank Kattcha for giving me a skirt instead of pants. It's easier to wear and doesn’t bother my cast or get in the way of my walking,” she mumbled to herself. Laylah hobbled to the bathroom door and peered out. No Kattcha, but she did spy a pair of crutches against the wall. Gratefully, she took them and maneuvered her way to the plush couch near the desk and sat. Exhausted, she grabbed a pillow and dozed off.

~***~

Mya stood in the kitchen, angrily chopping onions for the omelette she was preparing. How dare Donil bring that girl in their home! Had he lost his mind! Had he no shame?
“Morning, Sis.” Donil strolled in, his usual boyish grin firmly in place. 
It was too much for her already offended sensibilities. “She needs to leave. Now!” Mya didn’t waste any time voicing her opinion.
His smile vanished. “No, Mya. She is our guest and will be staying for a little bit while she recovers.”
“Fine! If you’re too weak to kick her out, then I will! We don’t need her brand of trouble here! Or have you so easily forgotten what happened the last time you tangled with the Le Croix family?” Too worked up about their visitor, she failed to heed Donil’s warning growl and narrowed eyes. “She’s going to bring problems down on us that we don’t need, want, or deserve!” Mya glared at Donil when he took a step toward her, daring him to come at her.
“Mya Angela Silentshadow, you will quiet that tongue, young lady. Immediately!”
Guiltily, Mya jumped at her mother’s command. She glared first at her mother who stood in the kitchen doorway with hands on her hips and then at her brother. They didn’t get it. Being bleeding hearts had cost them dearly before. Why were they so intent on repeating past history?
“You will apologize to your brother and then take yourself outside and cool off. Really, Mya, I raised you better than this.”
“So, sorry, Brother, that you can’t handle the truth about your little pet.” Mya slammed the knife down on the cutting board and stalked out of the kitchen.
“Whew! It’s getting close to that the time of the month apparently. Why did you give her all the moody genes, Mom?” Donil teased as he calmed down and tried to lighten the tension.
“It’s a hereditary thing. Your Aunt Brenda was like that too. All fire and vinegar.” She tilted her head and smiled. “I do believe your girl is coming down the hallway.”
“Good! Let me go help her. Be right back.” He ran by his mother, ignoring her laugh at his eagerness.
“Laylah!” He made sure she saw and heard him before he approached. He’d noticed how timid and easily startled Laylah was.
“Oh, Donil! I’m not in trouble am I? I know Kattcha said she was going to get me after forty-five minutes, but she wasn’t there and I got sleepy. I woke up and saw the time and figured I’d try to find the kitchen. My stomach’s growling and, well, um….”
Laylah spoke rapidly and was pulling on her braid again, a nervous habit that he found endearing. Donil made sure to speak soothingly, wanting to keep her calm. “You’re fine. I was coming to get you. We missed breakfast and I hope you don’t mind having brunch instead.”
“No. I mean, not at all do I mind. Uh, shutting up now.” She blushed and fidgeted about.
Yes, she really was cute when she blushed. The pink stained her high cheekbones, making them stand out and captured his interest. And Laylah's eyes--a beautiful emerald green. That particular shade was rare and highly prized by Feline Weres. It fascinated Donil. Correction, Laylah fascinated him.
“You’re staring at me.” 
He blinked. “Sorry, Beautiful. Just thinking.”
“Thinking?” Laylah gulped.
“About different things. Come on, Mom’s waiting and I’m starving.” Donil took her to the kitchen.
::She’s famished! I can hear her belly growling all the way in here. Get that child in here, Donil, before she faints from hunger!::
::But of course, Mama. Can’t have her fainting.:: Donil held the door for Laylah, who hobbled by on the crutches. The clothes his mother had given Laylah fit the girl like a glove. 
Laylah wasn’t too curvy or too skinny but somewhere in between. Long legs and hair that fell to her butt, added to her beauty. Idly, he wondered how her hair would look out of its braid. And then how it would look on a silk pillow…His thoughts were taking a decidedly interesting turn.
::Donil Vince Silentshadow, leash those thoughts this instant! And stop broadcasting your fantasies. The whole house doesn’t need to hear them. Remember there are children in this house.:: His mother scolded while serving Laylah a plate of food.
::Sorry, Mom! I’ll behave. Feline’s honor.::
::Cheeky boy. But I do love you.::
Donil took the offered plate and dug in. His eyes constantly strayed to Laylah. He noticed the shy looks she gave him when Laylah thought he wasn’t looking. It pleased him that she was curios. She tried to hide it, but it was there. He waited until Laylah slowed her eating before questioning her about last night.
“Laylah, if you don’t mind me asking, why were Gerard and his boys chasing you?”
She put down her fork and stared at her plate. “I don’t know.” 
Laylah glanced up at him and that lost look was back again. It ate at Donil and he wanted to comfort her. “Please, take your time and start at the beginning. Maybe we can find clues as to the reason for the chase.” He reached over and touched her tightly clenched hands. Donil stroked her fingers, feeling the tension in her. “You’re safe and we’re here to listen.”
Laylah started speaking, her voice so soft that even though he was directly across from her, he had to strain to hear.
“Jacques didn’t pick me up from school and I had to take a cab home. When I got there, I didn’t see anyone. So I went to the kitchen. Jacques...Jacques was in the pantry.” She breathed harshly and stopped speaking.
“Laylah, I’m here. It’s okay.” Donil increased his gentle stroking of her cold fingers. The horror in her eyes was too much to bear. He had to get her past the memory. “Laylah, walk me through what happened next. What happened to Jacques after you found him?”
“He was bleeding and he had a giant tear over his stomach. His…his intestines were outside his body. Oh God!”
Laylah flinched, yanked her hands from Donil's and covered her eyes. She sobbed and Donil started to stand, but sat back down at his mother’s look.
::Let her get it all out, my son. She needs to do this.:: 
Donil didn’t like it, seeing Laylah hurt. All his protective instincts were roused and he wanted to slay the demons that haunted her. His mother was wise and knew emotions better than anyone he’d ever met. And though it was killing Donil to sit there and not hold Laylah, he would do it. He watched Laylah take several deep breaths before continuing with her eyes covered. He frowned and listened to the rest of her story.
“I know I was freaking out and I know I started rambling, but Jacques was hurt and I panicked. I didn’t know how to help him. He kept telling me to run, to get out, but it felt wrong to leave him there alone. I tried to close the wound, but he was insistent that I leave. I didn’t listen and he slapped me for not obeying him.”
“Jacques was the one who hit you?” Donil slammed his fist down on the table, angry on her behalf. “How dare he! Maybe I should teach him a lesson in manners!”
Laylah’s head whipped up, her eyes blazing with fury. “You leave him alone! He was trying to protect me! And if you hurt Jacques, I’ll never speak you ever again, Donil!”
He stared at her, stunned by the fire in her eyes. And a little hurt. Didn’t Laylah know he was offering to punish Jacques because of how he felt about her?
“But, Laylah! He put a bruise on your face. He didn’t need to hit you. There are other ways to make a person follow orders.”
“He did the best he could. I was hysterical and acting stupidly. I deserved that slap. Besides, it made me run away and get out the house which is what he wanted in the first place.”
“Yeah, and sent you right into a trap.” Donil snarled. He couldn’t fathom her defense of Jacques. Did she value herself so little that she’d take anything, even physical abuse, from those in her life?
“Jacques would never send me into danger. Father has told me before to never, ever go in the forest. Yet that’s where I went. Jacques didn’t send me there.”
Donil decided to let the issue of Jacques’ behavior go, at least for the time being. “Okay, what happened after you got in the forest?”
“I heard noises and then animal sounds. I started running and fell over a tree root and broke my ankle. I thought I was going to die, but then I heard a voice in my head telling me to get up and run. It kept me moving even though I wanted to give up. That voice got me to the hill and to you, Donil.” She abruptly stopped and blushed as her eyes connected with his.
“That’s some story, my girl, but I’m proud of you for sharing it with us.” Kattcha patted Laylah’s shoulder. “How do you feel now?”
“Better. I thought at first it was all a dream, but you don’t feel pain in a dream and my ankle in a cast proves it did happen. What I don’t get is why me? I have to admit, even though they were scary and trying to kidnap me, watching them shift was magical. I’ve never seen anything like it before. And the way it happened wasn’t even like the description our school textbook has on the subject.”
Donil exchanged glances with his mother. Casually, he touched Laylah’s hand and, when she didn’t pull back, started to again stroke her fingers. He nodded to his mother, letting her know that he had established a mental connection with Laylah. He was tuned into her thoughts. When she answered his mother’s questions, he’d know if she was lying.
“Laylah, my dear, are you positive you don’t know the Weres who chased you?”
“I’m sure, Kattcha. I’m good with faces, but I’ve not seen any of them before.”
::Truth.::
“You’ve never seen a Were shapeshift before?”
“No and it was amazing. Well, all except the bones popping. That was disturbing. Oh, and the whole naked thing when they go from animal to human - that was embarrassing.”
::Truth.::
Kattcha laughed. “Yes, I’m sure it would be a strange sight. Has your father or Jacques ever let you meet a Were before?”
Laylah shook her head. “No way! Father says a lot of Weres don’t like his research and that I had to steer clear of all Weres as a safety precaution.” She sighed.
“What’s wrong, Dear?”
“It’s...well, when I watch or read things about Weres, I feel like I should know what is going on. Like I should understand the whole picture even when I don’t. And sometimes, when I’m alone, I like to pretend that I’m a Were and I try to imagine how different my life would be.”
::Truth.:: 
Laylah had melted Donil’s heart with her honesty and stroked the fire of his anger at her father. Henry was a cold-hearted bastard to treat his daughter in such a manner.
“Better how, Laylah?”
“Better in that my father wouldn’t hate me, but would love me, be proud of me. My mother would still be alive and for once in my life I’d be happy and not sad!”
::Truth.::
“Why do you think your father hates you?” Kattcha sat down next to her.
“He doesn’t come to the mansion unless he’s tricked into being there. His office is an hour away and he treats it like home. And the few times that I do see him, he’s usually yelling at me and I end up grounded. He says I’m a disappointment and a waste of time.” Laylah whispered as her eyes filled with tears.
“Oh, Laylah. I am so sorry. Come, let me give you a hug. You deserve one, honey.” Kattcha held her arms open and waited.
Donil released Laylah’s hands, watched her struggle with her feelings. She flung herself into his mother’s arms, sobbing quietly into Kattcha’s shirt as his mother rocked the distraught girl back and forth.
::Mother, she doesn’t know! How could her own father make her ignorant of who she really is? It’s inexcusable!::
::I agree. Right now, she needs love, support and understanding. And those we can give her. There is one more question I wish to ask before we have her call home.::
::And that would be?::
::The voice she heard when she was chased in the forest. I know it was you, my son, guiding her to safety. But do you not find it odd that she easily accepts telepathic voices in her head without believing she was crazy? It is a contradiction of everything else she has told us about not knowing much about Weres. We are all telepaths, but she doesn‘t seem to know that or is pretending. Either way we need to find out the truth.::
::Ask, Mother. Laylah will respond truthfully.::
“Laylah, dear, can you answer one last thing for me.”
Laylah lay against Kattcha’s chest, still sniffling, but managed to nod.
“You said “the voice” kept you moving. Whose voice? I thought you were by yourself once you got in the forest?”
“Oh. That.” Laylah pulled back from Kattcha’s arms. “You’ll think I’m crazy, but I’m not. I hear voices in my head because Father employs telepaths. All the staff have the ability. And I know everyone’s mental tones. It is another safety measure that Jacques and Father agreed should be done to protect me. The voice from the forest doesn’t belong to anyone I know.”
“Isn’t that strange, having the whole staff able to read your mind?” Donil was curious as to her reasoning. Laylah was too accepting of the strange things in her life, yet she didn’t even know the truth about herself. Her ignorance had almost gotten her killed by Zina’s minions. Donil didn’t believe for one moment that Gerard planned to keep her alive, had he caught her.
“I don’t question Father’s orders, not if I want to keep what little freedom I do have. Please, I’ve told you everything. I really need to call home now.”
“Donil can take you. There’s no rush. Take your time with the call. I’m sure they’re worried sick about you.”
“Sure, I can take you. Come this way. The comm is in the other room.” Donil stood and waited for Laylah to get her crutches. “Mom, we’ll be back in a few.” He helped Laylah through the kitchen door.
::Donil, be careful when you call.:: Kattcha warned.
::Don’t worry, I’ll be discreet if they demand answers or ask questions.::
::I know you will, but remember Henry is cunning and so is Jacques. Be careful.::
::I will, I promise.::

Chapter 25

Naiya stood with the rest of the employees on the game court and wondered what was going on. She had cooking and laundry to do. Maybe it was news about Laylah. If anything happened to that child…she couldn’t bear to finish the thought. She would keep hoping that Laylah was safe and had been found. She looked up when Henry arrived followed by Jacques, Kenneth and Michael. This couldn’t be good if they were here. Boris and Byron were already outside with the rest of the staff.
“Ladies and gentlemen. As you know, yesterday afternoon we experienced a breech in security. My mortal enemy sent some of her pets here to harm what is mine. This is an insult I will not tolerate and shall repay. At the heart of this attack is something even more disturbing. One of you is a traitor,” Henry announced.
The assembled staff began shouting at once, proclaiming innocence and denying the charge.
“Be quiet! There is a traitor and evidence to support this. Michael and Kenneth, please be kind enough to fetch my traitor and bring that person to me,” Henry ordered. 
The cousins fanned out and slowly walked through the crowd of nervous employees until they stopped at Naiya. There were gasps of surprise and Naiya’s heart beat painfully fast. It took her panicked mind a moment to realize that Kenneth and Michael had grabbed Thaniel and were dragging him to Henry.
“No!” She moved to stop them, but found her way blocked by Jacques. “Move, Jacques! They’re mistaken. I have to clear this up. It can’t be him!”
Jacques gently shook her. “No, Naiya, I can’t let you interfere. We have him on the surveillance footage. He turned off the alarms and let them in, Naiya. He let that monster in to hurt Laylah. I’m so sorry. I know you two are together. He means the world to you, but he’s with them. He has to be removed.”
Naiya covered her mouth and sobbed, sagging against Jacques in grief. How could Thaniel do it? How could he help Zina? It made no sense. Thaniel was stoic, not one protest when the cousins grabbed him. She didn’t want to believe it, but Jacques wouldn’t lie about something this serious. She couldn’t force herself to look as Henry started speaking again.
“Thaniel, I took you in as a pup. Cared for you, gave you employment, a home and a life. And what thanks do I get in repayment? You fling open the doors to my home and let the enemy waltz right in.”
Thaniel smirked. “Yes, you gave me a lot, Henry, but you lost the one thing that mattered to me. The one thing I swore I would avenge.”
“Meaning what?” Henry snarled and his dark brown eyes changed to amber.
“Helena. She was always so kind to me. Taught me how to be a person. Showed me how nice life could be. But then that day at the lab, when Zina attacked…you didn’t try to protect Helena. None of it should have happened if your Chief of Security had done his job. More lives could have been saved.”
Jacques was moving before Naiya even registered the fact that he was gone from her side. He was up front and near Thaniel, an incredulous look on his face. “You mean to tell me that you let them in because you blame me for Helena’s death?”
“Yes, I do. I wanted to watch you suffer as Gerard took what was most precious to you, Jacques--Laylah. You worship the ground she walks on! Treat her like she’s your pup. I wanted you to suffer the same pain I did, knowing that I couldn’t save the most precious thing to me!”
Thaniel’s triumphant look sent Jacques over the edge. He swung a fist and punched the younger male. “You stupid little prick! If they kill her, I’ll rip you into so many little pieces, they’ll have to use a DNA scanner to know it’s you!” Boris and Byron pulled him away from Thaniel who continued to smirk at Jacques’ loss of control.
“Thaniel! Thaniel!” Naiya pushed her way through the crowd and stopped at a glare from Henry. “My Alpha, please.”
“Let her through. Be quick Naiya. I haven’t got all day.”
She approached Thaniel. Naiya had eyes only for the bitter young man before her. “Thaniel, did I mean nothing to you?”
Thaniel seemed to waver and then he glanced away from her. “You were a means to an end.”
His cold words seared her heart, and, with a sob, Naiya ran from the court. 
“Let her go! We have an example to set,” Henry ordered as some in the crowd tried to stop Naiya. “Bring the traitorous cur closer.”
Kenneth and Michael put Thaniel a few feet away from Henry. They forced him to his knees and awaited their Alpha’s next order.
Henry studied the defiant young man. “Such a waste. Let him shift. The cur shall fight for the right to live.” He continued above the howls of approval from his people. “If you can beat me, you get to live, boy, but you will be outcast. If you don’t beat me, you die.”
Thaniel spat at Henry. The spittle missed and earned him a punch to the gut from Kenneth, knocking the air out of him.
“Release him. Time to fight and live, or fight and die.” Henry’s last words came out as a growl for he was in the midst of shifting. A large gray wolf with a white left foreleg stood in his place. 
Thaniel looked around at the crowd of his former friends. He saw only angry, eager faces. None would help him here. With a snarl, he changed into a brown wolf that was one-third the size of Henry’s larger wolf.
The two wolves squared off, circling and sizing up each other, while plotting their attacks. Thaniel made his move first. Dashing in, he aimed for Henry’s flank, trying to knock the older wolf over. Henry spun, moving his hindquarters at the last second, causing Thaniel to overshoot him and go sprawling.
Henry was on the younger male, his teeth snapped and sank into flesh. He jerked backward, pulling fur and skin off to leave a giant wound. Thaniel howled, snarled and barely managed to get free. The hole was on his left side and blood flowed from it. Thaniel bared his fangs, his eyes on Henry.
There was a tense moment, and then Henry charged toward Thaniel’s injured side. Thaniel twisted but Henry anticipated his movement. Henry was already there and his jaws closed over Thaniel’s windpipe. With one hard chomp, he broke it. Thaniel’s whimper died in his throat. 
Henry whipped his head back and forth until he heard Thaniel’s neck snap. He growled with disdain, tossed the body aside, flung back his head and howled his victory. All the assembled Weres went down to their knees and groveled as Henry reaffirmed his status as their Alpha.
Henry remained in wolf form for a moment longer as he trotted over to Thaniel’s body and peed on it, the final act a physical reminder of what would befall any others who crossed him. Satisfied, he changed back. “Anyone else want to join my enemy? No? Dismissed!”
The staff scattered, giving the body a wide berth. Jacques, Byron, Boris, Kenneth and Michael stayed behind with Henry. He eyed his Betas. “Let’s go. We have strategy to discuss and I’m famished.” 
Henry walked back to the mansion, completely unconcerned about his nudity and entered through the kitchen entrance. The comm rang, shattering the quiet. He snatched up the ear piece. “Hello?”
“Fa-father?” 
Henry’s eyes narrowed. “This is Henry Le Croix. Who is this?”
“Father! Please, it’s me. It’s Laylah!”
“Oh really? I’m in no mood for games. However, I know someone who enjoys a good story.”
“Father, wait!”
Henry handed the ear comm to Jacques. “Take care of this.” He left the kitchen and his five baffled Betas to wonder at his change of mood.
Jacques put on the ear comm. “This is Jacques.”
“Jacques! Oh, my god! You’re alive! You’re alive!”
Startled, all Jacques heard were squeals of joy. He gathered his wits and held back his excitement. “Laylah?” He saw the other men straighten, intently watching his face.
“Yes, Jacques! It’s me. I’m alive and ok! Please, tell me that you’re not hurt, Jacques.”
“I’m fine, Laylah. Where the heck are you?”
“I’m at Kattcha Silentshadow’s house.”
“Kattcha Silentshadow!” Jacques was so surprised at her answer that he angrily growled and then cursed his temper when he heard Laylah’s breathing speed up in fear. “Calm down, Laylah. How did you get there?”
“Donil saved me from five Weres that chased me to a hilltop. Please, Jacques. Is it safe now? Can I come home?”
“Yes, come by cab. I’ll be here to get you.”
“Okay.” A pause, then she cleared her throat. “Jacques, is he mad at me?”
“No, Laylah. It’s been hectic around here trying to figure out who broke in and what happened to you. I know your father was worried and he’ll be happy to know you’re safe.”
“Okay, Jacques. I’ll be there in an hour. Bye.”
Jacques turned off the ear comm. “We have to get this place cleaned up before she gets here. Someone remove the body and dispose of it.”
“I’m on it.” Boris left the kitchen, whistling some tune only he knew.
Jacques sighed and gave the others a look that sent them hurrying from the kitchen to get the house ready. Laylah was safe, but for how much longer? And knowing Donil, what had the man told Laylah about Donil’s connection to the Le Croix family? Jacques hoped that Donil had revealed nothing. Otherwise, things would be very messy around the house for years to come.

Chapter 26

Laylah stared at the ear comm. Her father hadn’t even spoken to her. Instead he handed her off to Jacques. She was glad that Jacques was alive, but was hurt by her father’s brush-off.
“Hey, it’s okay. I’m here,” Donil assured her.
She gave him a wan smile. “I don’t know why I bothered hoping this time would be different.”
He cupped her face in his hands and peered into her eyes. “Because, Beautiful, that hope is a part of who you are as a person. It’s the part that makes you special. It can even inspire people to be better than what they are. Never forget that. Now, let’s get you ready to go home.”
She didn’t move, simply stared back at him. ::His hands are so warm against my cheeks. And his eyes…so kind, caring, sincere.::
Donil heard her thoughts and returned her stare with his own frank admiring gaze. He saw the hurt from her father’s rejection reflected there and wanted to erase it. He gently tilted her face up and kissed her.
Laylah tensed, her hands going to his arms while her eyelids fluttered closed. She opened them when his lips left hers. She felt bereft.
Their gazes collided and they both blushed. She looked away first, eyes downcast. She was so confused! And yet, she wanted more of the same. “Oh, wow!”  She had no other words to describe the riot of emotions playing havoc inside her head and heart. She snuck a peek at him from beneath lowered lashes.
“I agree. Wow!” Donil smiled and brushed his thumb across her bottom lip. So lovely. Laylah was precious and special to him. She really had no clue how much she meant to him.
Laylah's pupils contracted and her eyelids slowly closed. Her heart was threatening to beat out of her chest and the heat…the heat was intense!
“I would love to kiss you again, but Mom would tan my hide if I don’t get you home,” Donil stated, breaking the silence.
Screw home! Laylah wanted to be with him! He, who made her feel alive. The thoughts were bold, daring and so unlike her that she panicked. She jumped away from Donil as if scalded, her hand automatically reaching up to tug on her braid. She yanked on it hard several times as she fought for calm.
“Laylah?” Donil stood still.
His concern almost made her run back to him for comfort, but she stopped herself. Barely. “Whew! Look at the time. I told Jacques an hour. I’d better get a move on or he’ll worry.”
“Laylah.” Donil tried to reach for her, but she evaded him, a feat in itself since she was on crutches. She was out of the room and halfway down the hall before he caught up to her. 
“Laylah!”
“No! Please, don’t! I can’t do this. If I touch you, then I’ll start to hope and then it’ll be dashed. Please, I need to go home!”
Donil ran his fingers through his hair and regarded her. After a moment, he nodded. “Mom will take you home.”
“Oh, no. I can’t ask that of her. I can take a cab.”
“No. No cab, Laylah. You’re our guest and it would be rude to do that. Besides, she wants to take you. She has patients out that way that she needs to visit so it’s not a hardship to take you home.”
“If you’re sure?” Laylah was tugging on her braid as if her life depended on it.
“Yeah, I’m sure. Mom!”
“Keep your shirt on, Son, I’m coming. Yes, Dear?” His mother emerged from one of the rooms.
“Laylah is ready to leave.”
“Oh, good! Come on. Donil, pick her up. Get her off that ankle. I’ll carry the crutches.”
“Hey! No! Wait a minute!” Laylah protested, but Donil scooped her up into his arms. She forgot to breathe as the smell of his cologne hit her nose rendering her speechless, her cheeks bright pink in mortification. 
Donil took her to his mother’s truck and put Laylah on the passenger side. His mother put the crutches in the truck bed.
Donil lowered the window, closed Laylah’s door and leaned on it. “I’ll see you soon, Beautiful.”
“I’d like that,” Laylah whispered, her shy gaze met his teasing one.
“You’re adorable when you blush.”
Laylah gasped and tugged her braid. He thought she was adorable? A handsome guy liked her! Heart soaring, she mumbled a thank you. His chuckle made her look up.
“Bye, Beautiful.”
“Bye, Donil.” She waved as Kattcha started the truck. They pulled out and Laylah watched Donil until they rounded the bend and the cabin was no longer visible. She closed her eyes and began savoring the memories she’d made.

Chapter 27

Jacques was relieved that Laylah was alive, but not thrilled that Donil found her. True, the land beyond the forest belonged to the Silentshadow clan. What were the odds of the Alpha of that clan being on that hilltop at the exact moment when Laylah needed help the most? Jacques didn’t believe in coincidences or chance. Could Donil be in league with Zina after all this time? 
“I need to clear my head. I can’t do it here.” A quick run in the forest would provide clarity and give Jacques enough time to get back for Laylah’s arrival. He wasn’t about to talk to Henry, so he reached telepathically for the person he knew best. ::Naiya, I know you’re grieving about Thaniel, but you’re the only one I trust. I’m going for a run. I’ll be back soon.:: 
He felt her acknowledgment though she didn’t speak. Jacques hoped she didn’t grieve over the traitor too long. Laylah was going to need Naiya’s guidance.
Jacques left the mansion, shed his clothes and changed into a black wolf. Letting out a joyful howl, he ran into the forest. He fell into a rhythm--paws striking dirt, scents wafting into his nose and the loud cawing of the crows above. It’d been a while since his last run. 
Henry didn’t want Laylah to know about her Were heritage, so the staff was forbidden to shift on the grounds. They could do so in the forest or away from the mansion in some other part of Invarnash. This handicapped Jacques. He was always on duty, watching over his young charge. His inner beast was restless and the need to assuage it fully was overwhelming. But he kept it in check.
He slowed to a trot, panting as he surveyed his surroundings. Jacques was a little slow in his wolf form, which was not good. He was going to have to schedule weekly runs for himself and his security members. Gerard had shown him that the house security wasn’t up to par. He was going to fix that immediately. The cawing of the crows changed in pitch and Jacques halted. He scented the air and a low growl started in his throat. He knew that scent. Jacques couldn’t believe the other male’s audacity.
Into view trotted a white wolf with a gray right foreleg. The newcomer stopped and simply stood, tail stiff, ears up and alert.
Jacques approached cautiously, ears flat, and hair standing up as he circled the interloper. He growled a warning and then shifted to human. The other man did the same.
“Stefan, what an unpleasant surprise. Why are you on Le Croix land? You know the penalty for being here,” Jacques spoke harshly.
“That penalty expired after ten years. You need to learn to read the fine print in Council contracts. I’m not here to try to claim my half of Le Croix lands from my twin. Henry always did have a better head for business than me.”
Jacques was skeptical. Stefan and Henry were fraternal twins and polar opposites. Stefan had thrown his lot in with Zina because of jealousy, going so far as to change his last name to McJeysen to further cut ties to his family. Jacques had grown up with both men. Stefan had been the wilder and more adventuresome twin, while Henry had pursued knowledge and learning. The brothers had fought constantly, but never over girls until Zina came along. 
Henry hadn’t liked Zina's clingy, obsessive ways while Stefan had loved her unconditionally. She’d rejected Stefan’s suit and hounded Henry. She changed her mind when Henry married Helena forcing the she-bitch to take Stefan back. Zina then used him against his family and her enemies.
After the rebellion had been crushed, Henry disowned his brother and Stefan lost his right to the Le Croix fortune. He’d been banished by the Council and Henry made him outcast to the clan. If Stefan ever returned to Le Croix territory, he was to be executed immediately. That was the pact Henry had made with the Council. Jacques was certain there was no expiration on the banishment, but he would worry about it later. Right now he needed to know what Stefan wanted.
“Yeah, Henry is the one with the brains. You still haven’t answered my question, Stefan. I’m a patient man, but not that patient. State your business, Outcast.”
“I came to check on my niece.”
It was the last thing Jacques expected Stefan to say. “Excuse me? Why?” He knew he sounded baffled, but Stefan had managed to surprise him.
“I was told Zina is back, and though I don’t give a flying monkey’s butt about my twin, I do worry about my niece. You’ve kept her in the dark and, if Zina does get her, Laylah will believe the lies Zina will feed her.”
“You don’t know Laylah. She’s a good kid with a head on her shoulders. She wouldn’t fall for Zina’s lies.”
“It is you who don’t have a clue about her. Did you know, Jacques, that Laylah gets bullied every day at school? That, on Wednesday, she was flat on her back in the middle of the cafeteria with an older girl’s stiletto heel pressed into her chest, inches away from Laylah’s heart? Did you know that she gets slammed into lockers, knocked down constantly and daily made fun of by her peers? And, did you know, and this is the kicker, that Laylah has only one, count them, one friend?”
Jacques simply stared at the irate Stefan. How did he know all that about Laylah? For one crazy moment, Jacques wished that Laylah was Stefan’s daughter. Stefan, at least, would have showered Laylah with love and attention.
“We...I didn’t know, Stefan. Laylah doesn’t talk about school and I don’t pry.”
“It’s not that you don’t pry, Jacques. It’s easier to ignore the misery of one child to appease your boss. You used to fight for the weak and those that suffered. What happened to that Jacques? Where is that man?”
“He grew up when one of his best friends tried to kill him and take away everything that mattered.” Jacques’ fury was mounting.
“We could sit here all day exchanging words and insults, but that’s not why I’m here. The Council has asked me to lead their army in an attack against Zina. I know they’re going to send their General and Captains tomorrow to discuss strategy and I want you there as well.”
“Me? Why?”
“Stop being so suspicious, Jacques. I need you because you don’t take crap from people. And because you know the Were political scene better than I. I’ve been a lone wolf too long. I don’t know which families are gone, who is feuding with whom, and the like. You know, the usual BS.”
“How come we’ve not heard anything from the Council about this?” Jacques tensed, prepared for treachery. It would be his luck to have bad things happen in succession. 
Stefan shrugged. “How should I know? Maybe because they know Henry would have a cow if he heard about my appointment. Maybe they’re afraid of leaks. Regardless, I need to know that you’ll be there at the Heyendo Pub and Eatery at noon tomorrow.”
The two men studied each other for several tense moments.
“Fine. I’ll come, but only to get the lay of the land,” Jacques grudgingly agreed.
“Thank you, Jacques. And don’t worry; you’ll still have your job with Henry. He won’t go against the Council.”
Jacques wasn’t so sure that Stefan was right, but wisely said nothing. He waited until Stefan changed to wolf and took off through the trees before Jacques did the same and headed back to the mansion.

Chapter 28

Laylah was silent for most of the drive home. She was amused by Kattcha’s strange music tastes. The sounds were interesting. Nothing like the stuff they heard in school.
“It’s called rock and roll. It was popular on Earth several centuries ago,” Kattcha explained. “If you don’t like it, I can change it.”
“No, no, it’s fine. I like it.” Laylah hummed along. Her thoughts were on the kiss she and Donil had shared. She felt her face heating up and, nervously, she dropped her head and tugged on her braid.
“You should wear your hair down.”
“What?” Laylah turned to look at Kattcha.
“I said you should wear your hair down. It’s too pretty to be kept in a braid all the time.”
“Oh, uh…I’m not allowed to cut it or wear it loose. Father pitched a fit a few years ago when Naiya suggested we cut my hair. It was so long and I was burning up from the heat. Father said no, and that was the end of that. She asked if I could wear it loose then and the answer was the same. Naiya taught me how to braid it in one plait and that’s the way it’s been ever since.”
“Pity. A shorter cut would frame your face better. Something to keep in mind,” Kattcha suggested.
“Yes, Kattcha.”
“And maybe some makeup. A woman feels sexier when she wears makeup.”
“They do? I don’t feel like that. I feel uncomfortable. Like everyone is staring at me or something.”
Kattcha chuckled. “Laylah, you have no idea how beautiful you really are, do you?”
“Me? Beautiful? Ha, ha. Good one. That’s funny.” Laylah scrunched down in the seat. “I’m not all that good looking. If I was, wouldn’t people be nicer to me? I see the beautiful people at school. No one treats me like they treat them.”
“Laylah, people see only what they want. Sometimes, they do see your true worth, but are threatened by it. Don’t let them put you in a box filled with their ideals about who you are. You’re how old?”
“I’m 17.”
“Okay, that means you’re almost an adult. Don’t you think you should take the high road and worry about yourself and your future, instead of what your narrow-minded classmates think?”
“I suppose, Kattcha. Britta is the only one who doesn’t treat me like that. She likes me the way I am.”
“I can tell. You smiled when you said her name. True friends are rare so make sure you don’t lose her.”
“Turn here, please.” Laylah pointed at the gates.
“My, my. This place sure has changed,” Kattcha muttered.
“Did you say something?” Laylah turned from her window to look at the older woman.
“No, Dear. Reminding myself about the errands I have to run and the patients I have to visit.”
“What kind of doctor are you exactly? I know you fixed my ankle.”
“I’m a Were doctor. I specialize in Were physiology and ailments.”
“Oh!” Laylah gaped at Kattcha. She started to ask another question, but was distracted by the welcoming committee waiting outside on the marble steps. She slouched down. “Oh, God! The whole staff is outside. This is mortifying!”
Kattcha chuckled. “Why? Because they’re showing that they care? Sit up, child. Be thankful they worried about your safety.” She parked the truck and got out to get the crutches.
“Easy for you to say,” Laylah mumbled. She was grateful that Kattcha kept everyone from swarming the vehicle. She locked eyes with Kattcha and refused to look anywhere else as she was helped from the truck. Laylah got her crutches situated and felt the silence that had fallen over everyone. She knew her face was pink and the feeling of being exposed persisted. “Please, I want to get to my room,” she whispered to Kattcha.
“Whatever you want, my dear.”
Laylah managed to take a few steps, but halted when she heard her father’s voice.
“Well, look what the cat dragged in.”
Laylah’s head snapped up and she cringed at her father’s enraged expression. 
“Henry Le Croix, a pleasure as always to see you.” Kattcha’s reply was pleasant, but Laylah heard an undertone in the woman’s voice. 
“I was not aware that you had found her. That is unwelcome news.”
“Father!” Laylah hobbled forward, putting herself in front of Kattcha. She missed the speculative look Jacques gave her and the stunned looks of everyone else. Never had she stood up to her father in front of so many people. Laylah’s heart was beating so hard she was afraid it would explode. “Don’t speak to her that way. She treated my injuries, fed me and kept me safe. She doesn’t need your anger!”
Kattcha touched Laylah’s shoulder. “It’s all right. I got you home. Jacques will take care of you. No more runs into the forest at night for you, okay?”
Laylah turned her back to her father and hugged Kattcha. “No more runs, I promise.”
“And stay off that ankle today and tomorrow. You should be okay on Monday and the cast needs to be checked by your family doctor in a week.”
“I won’t forget. Thank you.” Laylah’s eyes were filling with tears.
“Hey now, my dear, no tears. Happy thoughts. I’ll see you again.” Kattcha hugged her once more and then stepped back. Kattcha nodded to Jacques, gave Henry an inscrutable look, got in her truck and drove off.
Laylah watched her go and felt alone. True, she was home, but the chill from her father’s gaze made her shiver. She didn’t want to turn around and face him. She felt a hand on her arm and she looked sideways at Jacques.
“Jacques, you look awful!” She clapped a hand over her mouth, eyes wide. “I’m sorry, that was rude of me,” she whispered.
“Hey kid, it’s the truth. I’m going to carry you inside. When Kattcha gives medical instructions, it’s always a good idea to follow them.” 
Jacques picked Laylah up and handed the crutches to Byron. He walked up the steps and went by her father, not giving him a chance to say anything to Laylah. 
She lay quietly in Jacques’ arms too afraid to say anything lest she draw her father’s anger down on her. She didn’t speak until they got to her room. “Thank you, Jacques.”
“Laylah, that was a very foolish thing to do. Challenging your father like that. What were you thinking?”
“What was I thinking? You know what?  I’m tired of people asking me that! You act like I can’t make decisions or think things through. Father was being rude, Jacques. Rude to a person who provided aid. What kind of impression is that going to leave on Kattcha? Father is always going on about appearances and the proper way to behave in public, yet I watched him break all the rules he’s constantly lecturing me on! I’m tired of it! I have feelings too and no one cares about them!” Laylah didn’t realize she was screaming until she noticed Jacques’ grim scowl.
“Number one, you will not raise your voice at me again, Laylah. Number two, we all know you can make decisions and reason out things. Number three, we do care about your feelings. As far as your father is concerned, he is your parent and you need to respect his authority. You don’t necessarily have to like it, but you will obey it. Is that clear, Laylah?”
Laylah glared at him, but he wasn’t budging. Finally she snapped, “Yes, Jacques.”
“Now that we settled that, you rest. Naiya will check on you in a bit.” He went to the door and turned around. “Kattcha wasn’t the one who found you, was she?”
“I told you on the phone, Jacques. Her son, Donil, found me and saved me from the Weres.”
“Just making sure.” Jacques left, closing the door behind him.
Laylah smacked a pillow off the bed in frustration. Once again she was being ignored and treated like a child. Would it ever end? Groaning, she rolled over and went to sleep.

Chapter 29

Laylah looked around and gave a surprised laugh. She was in her dream room again. She noticed that some of the animals who had once filled the room were missing. Also absent were both of the wolves who had previously graced her side. What had happened? Why were they all leaving her? 
Panicked, she looked about and shivered. The air suddenly felt heavy, oppressive and evil. The few remaining animals clustered around her. The female lioness in the front and center, yowled a challenge.
Laylah’s fear escalated. Something was coming, something that meant harm to all she loved and held dear. Her eyes were glued to the door that was violently shaking. 
“We have to get out of here!” she yelled to the animals, but she couldn’t get her body to move. Terror had her rooted to the silk cushions. The hair was standing up on her body and she squeezed her eyes closed, not wanting to see death coming to her.
“It’s all right, I’m here.” 
The man from her earlier dream! Her eyes flew open and there he was, standing in front of her with a saber in his right hand and a whip in his left. 
“What are you doing here?” she demanded and found herself suddenly able to move. She jumped to her feet and grabbed his left arm. “We have to get out of here, now!”
“No, we can’t. This is my domain, my arena and I will not be upstaged in it by amateurs intent on feeding off your fears.”
“What are you talking about?” Her gaze went to the door which was starting to buckle outward. “Oh, that’s so not good!” she yelled and pointed.
“You must confront the fear or else be terrorized for the rest of your life. Stand with me, Beautiful. Let’s take them on.”
Wait a minute. Only one person called her Beautiful. Hope filled her heart. She tugged on his arm. “Look at me…please.”
When he turned, his features were blurred for a moment before they solidified into Donil’s handsome face.
“You! You’ve been in my dreams! But how? I don’t understand.” Laylah was too elated to be angry over his intrusion into the privacy of her mind.
“I’ll explain it to you one day, just not right now. You’re about to have an unwanted guest.”
“Donil, what do I have to do?” 
“Be the warrior you secretly wish to be. In our dreams, everything and anything is possible. You have to shape it to your will.”
“I’m not a warrior. I mean I’m not a fighter. I get my butt kicked all the time at school! How am I supposed to fight?”
“The instincts are there. They are a part of you. Call on them, Laylah, because here comes trouble!”
She yelped as the door exploded and a monstrous thing entered. Laylah’s eyes hurt as she tried to get a sense of what it was. It looked like someone had taken every imaginary monster and slammed it into one creature.
“Get behind me, Laylah!” Donil stood proud and ready. Laylah looked at all the animals who had formed a protective circle around her and Donil. The lioness was in the front facing off against the intruder.
Laylah threw her hands over her eyes and cowered. This was not happening! When she peeked between her fingers, she saw that Donil, the lioness and two other large felines were taking turns attacking the creature. When the thing’s claws injured the cheetah, something in Laylah snapped. 
She was tired of hiding! If Donil believed she could be a fighter, then she knew it had to be true. She felt a tingling along her body. Laylah glanced down. Her clothes had changed. She was in some kind of Grecian dress, but in her hand was a bow and a quiver full of arrows. She grinned. 
When she was younger, Jacques had insisted Laylah take some sort of weapons training. She’d been failing at nearly everything put in front of her until a bow had been given her. In that moment, Laylah knew that was the weapon for her.  For five years she’d practiced and even won a few competitions here and there. Father had found out, flew into a rage and smashed her bow and arrows. He'd forbidden her from archery. Laylah remembered the feel of the bow and how strong she felt using it. 
“No one harms my friends!” She fired off an arrow and watched as it changed into a burning missile that struck the monster in the chest. The creature let out a bloodcurdling shriek and exploded, showering the room with its bloody pieces. 
“Ew! Gross! That was nasty!” Disgusted, Laylah brushed off bits from her shoulders and pulled some out of her hair.
Donil laughed. “You know, you’re cute when you’re angry.”
“You owe me an explanation, Donil! You shouldn’t be able to be in people’s dreams. It’s not possible.”
“Yeah well, about that…I’ll explain it fully when I see you again in person.  You need to wake up. I have to go.”
“Donil! Not fair!” Laylah pouted.
“I know. I promise, I’ll explain. Now wake up. You’ve been asleep long enough, Lazybones.”
“Lazybones! I’ll show you lazy!” She chased after him through the door and then she was falling….

~***~

Isabella sat up with gasp, her body soaked in sweat. Flinging back the sheets, she slid from the bed and walked over to her dresser. She looked in the mirror and smoothed her hair back.
“My lady? Did it go as planned?” Drayden stepped up behind her, his eyes looking her over longingly.
“Yes, although with a surprise or two.” 
Isabella picked up her fan and tried to cool her body down. “How long has Donil Silentshadow been an Alpha?”
“He took over when his mother relinquished her right to lead three years ago. He doesn’t play politics like the others and he tends to stick to his ancestral lands and territories.”
“Hmm, interesting. Who administered the Alpha test?”
“I believe my Uncle Javier and Lord Dayid Yon of the Jaksenville Wolf Clan did. Why? Is there a problem?”
“No, at least not yet. I need to see the results from Silentshadow’s Alpha testing. I want it here in five minutes.”
“Yes, my lady.” Drayden bowed and quickly left the room.
Isabella stood and admired her nude body in the mirror. As a rule, her kind generated lots of body heat as bears and in human form. She preferred being naked. She donned a simple dress and pulled her hair back into a bun. Isabella sat at her dresser and waited for Drayden to return with the information she had requested. 
Each Alpha, in addition to the Alpha shield, a telekinetic body armor of sorts, had a secondary power. Any type of dream ability was rare. Isabella’s secondary talent lay in creating nightmarish creatures and feeding off the fear they generated. Now, however, it appeared that Donil Silentshadow had a dream ability, too. What it was, she wasn’t certain yet. She only knew that he had been in the dream with Laylah Le Croix and had inspired the normally scared teenager to fight back.
“My lady, here is the data crystal.” Drayden held it out to her.
Isabella placed it in the reader and spent the next two hours watching the testing. She paid particular attention to the comments made by the testers. It was Lord Yon’s final statement that caught her interest.
“…I believe that Donil Silentshadow was holding back, that he was not giving us his full power. But since he passed the test with flying colors, there is no reason to prevent his acceptance into the ranks of the Alphas.”
“How right you were, Lord Yon. How right you were,” Isabella murmured. Donil was a wild card and needed to be watched very, very carefully. “Drayden, I want you to assign a tracker to follow Alpha Donil Silentshadow. Let me know when, and if, he makes contact with Laylah Le Croix.”
“Yes my lady. Is there anything else my lady requires?” 
Isabella waggled her fingers at Drayden. “No, that is all.” She saw the disappointment in his eyes, but it did not bother her. He was another little fish in a sea of males. She wanted only the best. So far she hadn’t found that man. Oh well, all good things come to those who wait.

Chapter 30

Henry stomped around the den, throwing things in his rage. His daughter was getting out of control. She was defying him and that was unacceptable. He had slaved over this family, making it the powerhouse it was. Henry was not about to let one little teenage girl tear it down. And the nerve of Kattcha Silentshadow, showing up on his doorstep! She knew good and well that she and her family were not welcome on Le Croix territory.
Adding insult to injury, his brat had defended the woman! Had the universe gone mad? And then there was Zina. That bitch still was a thorn in his side. Henry had tried to warn the Council that she should be killed. They had decided to spare her life and only banish her. It was the stupidest move they had ever made and now it was coming back to kick them in the gut.
A sharp knock on the door stopped Henry’s raging. “Enter!” he snapped.
The door opened and Jacques stuck his head in. “Are you okay now? Is it safe or will I have something thrown at me?”
“I’m still deciding. You keep choosing my daughter over your allegiance to me. If you think you can do the job of Alpha, challenge me and let us see who the better wolf is.”
“I’m not going to challenge you, Henry. And I’m not going to indulge your rage. You knew this would happen when you decided to raise Laylah as human. She sees everything through their eyes, including manners and treatment of guests. She doesn’t understand Were protocol or rules. You can’t have it both ways, Henry. Either you stick to playing human or you tell Laylah the truth about what and who she is.”
“No! I will not tell Laylah. Zina might be the bane of my life, but I will not give her power to destroy what I’ve built.”
Jacques shook his head. “You should hear yourself, Henry. God, you sound like your father. All you harp about is your power and your things and how to protect them all. You even refer to Laylah as a thing. She loves you even when you’re kicking her after she’s down. Why can’t you love her back, Henry? Or at least show her some attention other than yelling at her. She’d be ecstatic if you spoke a kind word to her.”
“Are you telling me how to be a father?” Henry had stopped moving, his body still as he stared at Jacques.
“Yeah, I guess I am because someone needs to! You’re driving Laylah away, Henry, and when she graduates, she’s going to fly away far from your reach. She has no reason to stay in this lonely, empty place. Naiya and I are like family to her, but those ties will not hold Laylah here. And you know what? I wish Laylah the best when she does go. Anything is better than being the bird in the golden cage that sees freedom beyond the bars it can’t escape from.”
Henry charged Jacques, his rage unleashed. His hands had changed to claws and he roared his intent to maim.  He swiped at Jacques, who ducked out of the way.
“Get a hold of yourself, Henry! You’ve got bigger problems than your daughter! Like Zina. She wanted Laylah for a reason. You need to focus on the why.”
Henry froze, breathing heavily as he regarded Jacques. He felt disgust at his loss of control and shifted his claws back into hands. Henry grabbed a glass, threw ice in it and poured a drink before slamming into his seat. “Why can’t that woman leave me be? She should have stuck with Stefan. He’s the one who loved her. Why he did will always be a mystery to me. Even our father couldn’t figure it out.”
“Maybe Stefan wanted power since that seems to be a theme in this family,” Jacques quipped.
Henry waved his hand about. “I don’t care. He’s turned into some kind of mercenary, the last I heard, pandering to the humans he once scorned. But Zina, she’s not going to lie quietly. No, she’s as bad as the snakes, always coming back to inflict more damage. She probably wanted to make an example out of Laylah. Zina never could stomach the fact that I chose a werecat over her, a full-blooded werewolf.
“And it definitely didn’t sit well with her or the other purists when Laylah was born. Not that I care what they thought. Helena wanted a child and I made sure she had one. I didn’t want a child. I was happy with Helena, but the joy on her face after she’d given birth to Laylah was worth all my misgivings about the pregnancy.” Henry clenched the glass in his hand so tightly it cracked. “Then that night, when Zina and my brother came to destroy everything I built, Helena chose to die to save our child. I would have traded our child’s life for hers.”
“Henry!” Jacques stared at him in horror.
“Why so surprised, Jacques? Did you really think I wanted to be saddled with a kid? What place did one have in my life of corporate elbow rubbing and scientific research? None. I did try. For four years after I lost Helena, I tried. When my father died and Mother and I talked about my becoming an Alpha, I recognized the fact that I would be adding even more responsibility into my hectic schedule. 
“I decided to leave the care of the child to you and Naiya. She always wanted one, but couldn’t have any and you work at your best when you’re defending something. It gave both of you purpose and relieved me of a problem.”
“Henry. I don’t want to hear this.” Jacques stiffened and took a step toward the door.
“Oh? Why not, Jacques? Sorry to shatter your “image” of me, old friend, but I’m a cruel bastard and proud of it. I want things to run smoothly. Things that are a hindrance will be eliminated. End of discussion.”
“I see. I’ll make sure that Laylah toes the line. Don’t want her to mess up your perfect system,” Jacques snarled. 
Henry watched Jacques storm from the room and he gave a hollow laugh. He didn’t need help. He liked being alone just fine.


Chapter 31

Kattcha made her last house call and headed home. It was nearing seven at night. Her mind, however, was on one lonely girl. Henry had behaved like she expected him to--arrogant and spiteful. Hurtful, too, judging by the expression on Laylah’s face. That man was never meant to be a parent. 
Helena had been her best friend growing up and Kattcha remembered how they’d talked of families and handsome boys. No one was more shocked than she when Helena had fallen for a werewolf. She’d tried to talk her friend out of it, but Helena had always been stubborn. Henry and Helena had eloped and both families had to adjust to the idea of a werewolf/werecat pairing. When news of Helena's pregnancy came, all hell broke loose.
Many old-timers had screamed for an abortion of the unborn child. Others thought mother and baby should die for daring to violate the law that forbade inter-tribal marriages. Surprisingly, the Council sided with Helena. Kattcha suspected that the Council was intrigued at the possibilities and powers the baby might possess. 
Once the child was born, the Council watched her, but Laylah seemed rather human. Most Were children at least had telepathy. Laylah did not speak telepathically, though it was determined she could hear telepathic messages. When Laylah’s fourth birthday came and went without her shifting, the Council grew tired of waiting for some change and moved on to other pursuits. The festering resentment at Laylah being allowed to live grew in the Were community.
It culminated in a fiery attempt at a coup by Zina and her zealots. Many lives were lost and the Council barely managed to stop Zina in time. Among the casualties had been Kattcha's husband, Gustav, who died trying to protect a human from Zina’s henchmen. That night had been the worst. 
Zina had attacked Le Croix’s lab and Kattcha had made the horrible discovery that her son, Donil, had inadvertently given Zina the location of the lab. Donil had come to her sobbing and beaten up. Kattcha dragged the story out of him. She'd rushed to give Helena the warning, but was too late.
When Zina stood trial, Donil’s part in the coup came to light, but the Council showed leniency, citing his age and inexperience as factors. Henry had never forgiven her son for his part in Helena’s death. And the two families, which had been such close allies, became enemies. 
Kattcha rubbed her eyes and pulled up in front of the house. She turned off the lights, got out and froze. “I know you’re out there. Might as well show your face.”
“Man, I forgot how good your hearing is.”
“Stefan Le Croix, what in the blazes are you doing here?” Kattcha put her hands on her hips and tapped her foot.
“It’s Stefan McJeysen now. And I came, Madam, to see your son.”
Kattcha grew cautious and studied him for a moment while contemplating what Stefan could possibly want. “Well, I don’t know if that’s a wise thing to do.”
“Oh, come now, Kat. Your family is treated like trash and people think I’m trash. Together, we’re a match made in heaven.”
Kattcha laughed, she couldn’t help it. “You always did have a way with words. All right, you can come inside. We can all talk in the study.”  She led the way and made sure to send Donil a mental summons to be waiting. Once inside the room, she offered Stefan a seat. Donil sat behind the mahogany desk.
::You look tired. What have you been doing?::
::Nothing much. Just keeping Laylah’s dreams safe.::
::Donil Silentshadow, what on earth?::
::Not now, Mother. Later, I promise to explain.::
::I’m holding you to that, my boy.::
“What can I do for you, Stefan?” Donil demanded.
“I see you are like your father, wanting all the information immediately. All right, I need you tomorrow at noon at the Heyendo Pub and Eatery. I’ve been commanded by the Council to take down Zina. The Council’s General and Captains will be there. I need help. I’ve already enlisted Jacques’ aid and I need yours. Your innate talent for spotting a lie will be useful tomorrow.”
“And why should I help you? If I recall correctly, you watched as Zina’s pet fighter beat the living daylights out of me thirteen years ago.” Donil drummed his fingers on the desk.
Kattcha watched. Her son was a grown man, capable of making his own decisions. Whatever he decided, the clan would back his choice.
“I wanted to help you, Donil, but you were like all the other flunkies. You couldn’t see past your hero worship of your older cousin nor your infatuation for Zina, which blinded you to her true colors. I'd hoped that if they beat you up enough, you’d run back home where you’d be safe, and it worked. I’m sorry you suffered through a trial. But right now, I’m trying to protect something important to both of us and I can’t do that without your help.”
“And what could you and I possibly have in common?” Donil came to his feet and paced.
“My niece, Laylah. I’ve been watching over her for quite a while. Pretty impressive the way you saved her from Gerard and his gang of misfits.”
Donil froze. “You saw them chasing her and you didn’t help?”
“No, you had the situation well in hand. Laylah doesn’t even know I exist. Henry removed all photos and evidence from his homes that prove I’m real and her relative. Besides, nothing like a love struck cub saving the girl he loves to add spice to an already interesting situation.”
“You’re as bad as Henry! All you two seem to be able to do is use people as pawns!”
 Kattcha saw Stefan move and, too late, cried out a warning. Stefan grabbed Donil by the throat and slammed him into the wall. “I am not like my brother! He doesn’t have a kind bone in his body! Did you know that he only sent one tracker to search for Laylah once she’d disappeared? One tracker and it wasn’t even Jacques. Not knocking Byron’s skills, but come on! And he prevented Jacques from looking for Laylah. Henry was more upset about his costly security equipment failing than he was about my niece’s life! So don’t you dare compare me to him! You hear me?”
“Yeah, I hear you.” Donil wheezed for several seconds after Stefan released him and stepped away.
“I’m glad to see your passion still flows, my dear, because I was beginning to wonder.” Kattcha shook a finger at Stefan. “Next time, you decide to make a point, don’t use my son to do it.”
“Sorry, Kattcha, it’s been a rough day. I don’t expect to be treated with any sort of respect but the comparisons to Henry are getting on my last nerve. So, boy, do I have your support?”
“Yeah, I’ll be there. Noon tomorrow.”
“Good. Well, I bid you both a good night and I’ll show myself out the door.”
Mother and son watched him leave. Donil flung himself into his chair. “Man, he’s scarier than I remember.”
“That’s because the last thirteen years have not been kind to him. Now, I do believe you were going to explain why you’re exhausted.”
“I did a dream walk into Laylah’s mind to check on her. She was caught in a nightmare, not of her making. Someone’s been invading her dreams and siphoning off her fear. Together we were able to push them out of the dream but it worries me. Who is doing this to Laylah and why? What can they hope to gain from it?”
“I don’t know, but don’t run yourself ragged trying to help her. Laylah needs to learn to fight if she wants to keep alive.”
“I know, Mother, I know. Look, I’d better get some sleep. Talking with Stefan is exhausting and, if I have to deal with Council members, then I need to be extra alert.”
“Wise choice, my son.” Kattcha accepted his kiss on the cheek and watched him leave. She sent a silent prayer out to the powers above that they keep her family safe.

Chapter 32

Stefan ran through the woods of Pheasant Grow. He ran as fast as his legs would carry him, enjoying the wind running through his fur. His thoughts were that of man and animal. So many things to worry about--Zina, Laylah, Henry, and the Council. 
His primary concern was Laylah. Beautiful Laylah. She looked so much like her mother that it was heartbreaking. He remembered one of the few times he’d seen Helena joyful and full of life. God, was it really that long ago….

~***~
October 2202, Invarnash Mansion


It was a cool fall day, but Stefan didn’t mind. He was busy spying on his brother’s wife. Helena Le Croix was gorgeous and had the decency to not flaunt it. She had a grin that could seduce a man into doing anything and everything the tiny beauty could dream of. She was the only one besides Stefan’s mother who didn’t treat him like crap. 
Maybe those of the female persuasion really saw the man he was while his father and twin only looked at him as a big failure. So what if he didn’t have Henry’s knack with numbers? He was talented in his own way.
“Boo!”
Stefan yelped, rolled and came up in a crouch. “Geez, Helena, you startled me!”
“Don’t pout, Stefan. It looks really strange on a grown man,” she chuckled.
“I’m not pouting.” He tilted his head and looked at her. “There’s something different about you.”
“Yes, but can you guess what?” Helena batted playfully at his hand.
He grinned and wriggled his fingers at her. Stefan knew werecats loved movement and Helena was no exception. “I don’t know. You’ve got new clothes on?”
“Nope, guess again.”
“Henry’s finally going to take you somewhere romantic like the New Brooklyn Territory?”
“Nope, you’re cold, so cold!”
“It’s something closer to home?”
“Now you’re starting to heat up.”
“You’re getting a new house?”
“Nope, I don’t need another one. I’m happy with the one I got.”
“I don’t know, Helena, I give up.”
“I’m pregnant!”
Stefan was stunned. “How can you be pregnant?” he blurted out, dazed by her news.
“Well if you really want to know….when a man and a woman hop into bed together....”
“Okay, stop right there! I know how! I mean-um-congratulations?”
“Thank you!” Helena squealed, grabbing him in a hug and squeezing him.
“So, when are you due?”
“June 2203. I’m so excited. I’m already looking at baby names.”
“Does Henry know?” Stefan saw a shadow cross her face and then Helena smiled brightly.
“Not yet, Stefan, but I’m telling him tonight. I didn’t want to jump the gun until it was confirmed.”
“Makes sense. Well, I wish you both lots of luck and happiness.” And Stefan meant it, at least for her. He could care less about his brother. Upset by the news, he left to go find Zina. She always knew how to make him feel better.

~***~
Present, 2220

Stefan came out of the memory and noticed he was on the hilltop where Donil had rescued Laylah. Why had his paws carried him here? Longingly he looked out across the land and wished that he’d made different choices. But now, Stefan would have to make amends and keep alive the one person left for him to love.

Chapter 33

The morning sun cast its light across the land, not that Jacques noticed. He made up some excuse to get away from the mansion and Henry who was still there. Any other time, his Alpha would have left in a hurry for his lab. Jacques didn't have time to care. He got into his personal vehicle and left the mansion.
The drive to the Heyendo Pub and Eatery took exactly thirty minutes, but Jacques wanted to arrive early. He got there at eleven and chose a spot that gave him the best view of the bar and dining area. He watched the clock and was surprised to see Donil stroll in around 11:15. The two men eyed each other.
“Morning.” Donil’s tone was light and wary.
“Morning yourself. Why are you here?” Jacques demanded.
“Stefan asked me to come, and since I have nothing better to do, I came.”
“Hmm, he asked me here too. What is he plotting, I wonder?”
“I have no idea, but I’m not doing this for him. I’m doing it for Laylah.”
Jacques growled a warning and Donil did the same. Irritated that the younger male was not backing down, Jacques decided to be blunt. “Listen up, Boy. You stay away from Laylah. Her father has other plans for her and they definitely do not include you!”
“You can yell all you want, Jacques, but I will keep her safe which is more than I can say for Henry’s little outfit.”
“Why you little punk!” Jacques was on his feet and moving toward Donil when Stefan interrupted by stepping between them. 
“If the two of you can stop snarling at each other, we have a job to do. It’s kicking Zina’s scrawny behind back to the hole she crawled out of. Now, I can sense the General and the Captains approaching, so please play nice,” Stefan admonished before walking over to a giant table with a 3-d display. 
Grumbling, Donil and Jacques put space between themselves. Next time, Donil mouthed, his eyes promising Jacques a good fight. 
Jacques gave Donil a bored look and sat with arms crossed to watch the door for the General's arrival.
A few minutes later, ten men entered and Jacques hid his unease. He knew each and every one of them. They all came from the major tribes and were known for their skills in fields such as assassination and clan takeovers. They were the Council’s strong arm and the tactics they employed were anything but clean. 
Stefan waved the arrivals over to the table. A quick round of introductions ensued and the men stared at Stefan. 
“Gentlemen, sit. Here’s what I propose. You need to infiltrate Zina’s group, but it has to be someone, a civilian, that she would never suspect. Use him to get us in. Heck, you can even feed Zina tiny bits of information that push her closer to our trap. Remember, whoever you pick has to be able to act the part of religious zealot with ease and sound like the most bigoted person on the planet. If you can satisfy all those requirements, we might have a chance of taking Zina down with minimum amount of bloodshed.”
“And what if we can’t find a civilian? What then?” demanded the youngest looking male in the group.
“Ah, Captain? I don’t believe I caught your name.”
“Asegrad, and you didn’t answer my question.”
“If infiltration fails, then we go to Plan B, which is a frontal assault.”
“And where do you propose we find this civilian? Zina knows practically everybody.”
“Captain Asegrad, it will have to be a youngster, preferably one under 20 that she would not have met and who comes from a non-New Florida clan. That would be our best bet.” Stefan stared at the men. “Are there any other questions?”
“I think this little meeting is a joke, but then again, so are you,” sneered the bald General with tattoos down the side of his neck.
“Ah, I do remember you, General Nancer. You always take such negative views of situations. Normally, that wouldn’t bother me, but today, I think I’ll take exception to that.” Stefan lunged at Nancer and chaos erupted.
Donil and Jacques stood at the bar watching the fight.
“Should we help Stefan?” Donil glanced at the Jacques.
Jacques winced when Stefan got punched in the face. “Nope.”
“Yeah, I was thinking that too,” Donil agreed as the combatants continued to brawl.
“Another drink, please!” Jacques turned his back on the fight and waved at the bartender.
“You know what? I think I’ll join you.” Donil sat down. “I’ll have whatever he’s having.”
The bartender grunted and returned with two drinks. Both men waited until the furor died down behind them before checking on the fighters’ conditions.
Stefan had pinned General Nancer firmly to a table, keeping the General's arms in a pretzel twist. Nancer bucked, but the movement was stopped by Stefan’s hard jerk on the General’s arms, eliciting an enraged hiss from the pinned man. 
“I may be only an Omega, General, but I am leader of this plan. You will yield or go back to the Council with your tail between your legs!”
“I yield,” Nancer ground out.
Stefan held him down a few more seconds before releasing him. “Now, Captains, are there any other questions?” He regarded each one. 
Most met his gaze with looks of boredom. A few were filled with animosity and one held only polite interest. “All right, I’ll submit our plans to the Council and they can act on it or not. Makes no difference to me. Good day, Gentlemen.”
Stefan turned off the 3-D display, walked past the muttering group and stopped at the bar. “Come, you two. We need to talk.” Stefan didn’t wait for Donil or Jacques to object as he went outside. He took a deep cleansing breath and was glad to get the cigarette stench from his sensitive nose. 
It was one of the downsides of being a werewolf. Smells were always magnified. Eyes closed, he listened for the telltale crunch of gravel that signaled Donil's and Jacques' arrival. “Glad you could join me today. I appreciate your help.”
“Quit playing games, Stefan. I have other things to do besides speak with you,” Jacques snapped.
“I forgot how stuffy you can be, Jacques. Relax, breathe, and remember that having your head stuck so far up Henry’s butt is an unhealthy place to be.”
Jacques tensed and Donil chuckled. Stefan fought the urge to sigh. He opened his eyes, turned around and studied the two before him: one guarded, world-weary and conflicted, the other wary, inexperienced and passionate. 
“You gonna stare all day or you gonna tell us why you really brought us here?” Donil demanded.
“So impatient, Donil. Good things come to those who wait.”
“Waiting can get a person killed in our world,” Donil pointed out.
“True. Listen, I want you both to keep watching over Laylah. Henry may think he’s safe from Zina and that’s probably true. Laylah, however, is not. Jacques, you have to get Henry to increase her guards, maybe even consider varying her daily routine. You know Zina’s methods. Patterns of any kind are her specialty. That’s why Gerard almost succeeded in his first attempt at nabbing Laylah.”
Jacques bristled. “Just because the Council gave you an assignment doesn’t mean things have changed. You are still outcast from the Le Croix family. Heck, I shouldn’t even be here. Henry’s on edge and snapping at everyone. He keeps trying to pick fights, but I’m not in the mood for that crap.”
Stefan snorted. “I didn’t think Big Bad Jacques was afraid of anything. Has my brother truly turned you into a lap dog?”
Jacques snarled, took a step, and stopped. “Not afraid, Stefan. Being prudent. Big difference.”
“So you want increased protection, but what does that have to do with me?” Donil interrupted and locked gazes with Stefan.
“You’re handsome, smart and have charisma, Donil. Use those traits to help my niece become more confident and capable of defending herself. She’s going to need it if we fail.”
Donil shook his head. “I’d already planned on helping her in those areas. I can’t stand the fear of rejection in her beautiful eyes. I want her happy, not miserable.”
“Good! That’s all I ask. I want her safe, even if my own brother doesn’t care,” Stefan agreed.
“Anything else, Stefan? You know, maybe we could even gift wrap Zina, put a bow on her for you, while we’re at it,” Jacques sneered.
Stefan sighed. “Look, Jacques, I’m not criticizing you! You did save Laylah’s life. And I know how serious you are about any work you do. Zina will be counting on your habits and routines to take another crack at grabbing Laylah. I don’t want that to happen so I’m telling you how best to minimize Zina’s chance of success.”
“Fine! I’ll check to see what things can be altered. I have to get going.” Jacques ran his hand over his bald head before turning to look at Donil. “I don’t care what Stefan told you. Stay away from Laylah. Henry’s already pissed at her for taking help from your family. Don’t fan those flames, Donil. You hear me, Boy?”
“Yeah, I hear you. I’ll do what is best for her. Have a good day, Gentlemen.” Donil whistled all the way to his truck and drove off.
Jacques and Stefan stood and sized each other up. Stefan’s low chuckle made Jacques frown. “Don’t worry, old friend, Laylah’s not leaving yet, at least not for a while.”
“You talk too much, Stefan.” Jacques stomped off, got in his car and peeled out of the parking lot, spraying gravel in his wake. 
Stefan stood there, a huge grin on his face.

~***~

Laylah woke slowly and noticed the afternoon sunlight filling her bedroom. Surprised that she’d been allowed to sleep in and not roused from bed, she took a moment to gather her thoughts. She had to admit that the excitement of the last few days had finally caught up with her and she lay there, content to not move. Even Naiya’s knock didn’t move Laylah to action.
Naiya entered and Laylah frowned. Her caretaker seemed tired and sad. She wondered why. Laylah was sure Naiya hadn't looked like that two days ago. She sat up and studied Naiya once more to be sure she wasn’t seeing things. The red eyes, pinched look and absence of Naiya's customary smile alarmed Laylah. What had happened while she was gone?
“Naiya, you’ve been crying! What’s going on? Is Jacques hurt?”
Naiya stared at her and began laughing. Laylah felt the hairs stand up on her neck and she flinched, pressing against her pillows, her gaze focused on Naiya’s crazed expression.
“Oh yes, I’ve been crying. You want to know what happened? Do you?”
Laylah shook her head, too frightened by this side of Naiya to speak.
Ignoring her, Naiya continued ranting. “Your precious Jacques is fine. In fact, he’s just peachy! My poor Thaniel. He’s the one who needs your sympathy. He helped set you up to be kidnapped. Imagine that! We were together for two years, yet I never knew he was a traitor.”
The word traitor confused Laylah. She fidgeted and tried to figure out a way to calm the woman before her. “Naiya.”
“They watched him die and did nothing. He could’ve been saved!” Tears pooled in Naiya's eyes and she stopped talking.
Now completely baffled, Laylah tugged on her braid and pondered her next action. The decision was taken from her when Jacques hurried into the room.
“Naiya! There you are! Did you know the food you’re cooking was burning?”
“Ha! Have you come to shut me up, Jacques? Afraid the girl will learn the truth?”
Jacques gave Naiya a hard look. “You’re drunk!” he accused and glared.
“Yeah, whoopee do. Why do you care anyway? You didn’t help him. You’re useless, like the rest! Always kissing Henry’s butt. Backing his every wrong decision. You’re not a real man. You’re a pansy!” Naiya jabbed her finger in his chest.
Laylah winced at the venom in Naiya’s tone. Such hateful words. She felt sorry for Jacques, but the things Naiya was rambling about made Laylah curious. 
Jacques grabbed Naiya’s arm and jerked her toward the door. “You’re setting a bad example for Laylah. Come on, I’ll take you to your room to sleep it off.”
Naiya resisted and Laylah inched toward the bed’s edge.
“Laylah, stay! I will help Naiya. You rest like Kattcha ordered.”
“But, Jacques!”
“No buts. Just obey. I’ll bring lunch after Naiya is settled.”
“Yeah, eat the food, Laylah. It goes good when served with a pack of lies,” Naiya sneered.
“That’s enough, Naiya!” Roughly, Jacques dragged her from the room, leaving Laylah stunned and wondering what had happened.

Chapter 34

Donil had wasted little time after leaving behind Stefan and Jacques at the bar. Too much had happened and he needed to think, so he’d driven an hour and half to Brockshill. He loved this city, mostly populated by various clans of werecats. Predominant were the lions and leopards followed by the panthers, wildcats and wolves. There were some other tribes that rounded out the Were population. Of course, one could not forget the human populace. Not that they mattered. Their numbers roughly equaled the Weres so neither group completely controlled the city. 
A rare peace existed in this area. It was also one of the twenty sanctioned sanctuaries for outcast Weres. In order to stay, they had to swear a blood oath and sign an agreement to abide by the very strict rules governing the city. Anyone caught breaking the laws were executed on the spot. 
The real reason he loved this place was Grandpa Hans and Grandma Ruby. Both in their late sixties, they still remained active members of the Were community. Grandpa Hans had served on the city council as mayor for three terms before retiring. 
Donil chuckled as he parked his truck outside the light blue house with green trim. In the yard stood a wooden sign with a bright pink background, entwined hearts and the words “Soul Mates, Inc.” written on it.
Still grinning he went to the front door and raised his fist to knock. The door was flung open and Donil found himself enveloped in his grandma’s arms.
“Donil, my dear boy! You should have called! I would have cooked you something delicious.”
“I know, Grandma Ruby, and I’m sorry for not giving you a heads up. Things have been hectic lately.”
“It's all right. I was teasing you. Come in. Come in. Your grandpa is in his study.”
Donil stepped inside and breathed deeply of the aromatic scents. “I smell cinnamon apple and...sage?”
She laughed and poked him in his side. “You’re getting better. It’s not sage. It's thyme. I have some herbal candles for your mother, so don’t forget them.”
“I won’t. I do need to speak with you and Grandpa though.”
His grandma cupped his face in her hands and peered into his eyes. “So serious. But then again, matters of the heart always are. It’s break time for Hans, anyway.”
Donil followed his grandma through the living room, past the dining room and to his grandfather’s study. The door was ajar and he could hear Grandpa Hans muttering. He smothered a laugh before knocking.
“Come in, Donil. Ruby, did Isabella call back yet?”
“No, dear. I’ll let you know as soon as she does.” Ruby pushed the door open and walked by Donil.
Donil laughed and sat down near the coffee table. He chuckled when she tsked him for kicking off his boots and propping his feet up.
“Honestly Donil! You were not raised in a barn,” his Grandma scolded.
“Are you sure about that?” He held up a hand to forestall her retort. “No, don’t answer that Grandma. Seriously, I did come for a reason.”
“I’m all ears, especially for my grandson.” Hans turned off his s-comp, his dark brown eyes focusing on Donil.
“Zina is back and causing trouble.”
“What?” Ruby surged to her feet. “I thought she was outcast by the Council!”
“She was, but didn’t get the message about dying once you’ve been outcast. She’s in town, chasing after Henry Le Croix’s daughter.”
“That woman never did know when to quit,” Grandpa grumbled.
“Why not Henry instead?” His grandma went to stand by Grandpa, her light brown eyes studying Donil.
“I’m not sure, but I have a vested interest in finding out.” Donil dropped his feet to the floor and straightened. “I can’t let Zina hurt Laylah.”
“Laylah? You’ve met the girl then?”
Donil contemplated how much to tell his grandparents. If he voiced his theory, his grandma would nag him to death. If he said nothing, and later she found out, he’d never hear the end of it. “Grandma, I had to save her from Zina’s thugs.”
“Oh my! Where were you when that happened?”
Donil fidgeted and braced himself for the outburst he knew would happen at his next words. “I was at the boundary between Le Croix and Silentshadow lands.”
“Donil Vince Silentshadow, have you lost your senses?” Grandpa Hans roared. Grandma Ruby looked horrified.
Donil sighed and ran his fingers through his hair. “I know I’m not supposed to be near Henry’s holdings. I stayed on our side of the line. If I hadn’t been there, Gerard would have kidnapped her!”
His grandpa was not mollified and opened his mouth to berate Donil some more when Grandma’s hand on his arm gave him pause. Shrugging, he sat down.
“Donil, why were you there in the first place?”
Donil twitched under his grandma’s scrutiny.
“Donil.”
He hated it when she used that tone. “I’ve been…visiting Laylah.”
“There is no way Henry Le Croix would allow you within walking distance, let alone within five feet of his daughter.” Grandpa Hans stared at him. “So explain how you’ve been ‘visiting’ her.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Donil muttered. “I’ve been building a friendship with Laylah. I heard her fear and went to help. End of story.”
“That’s not the end, is it, my grandson?” His grandma came to Donil and shrewdly looked him in the eyes. “You’ve been visiting her in her dreams, haven’t you?” His stubborn silence made her sigh. “Donil, what is so important about this girl that you’d risk being outcast by the Council for violating the Zina-Henry contract we all signed thirteen years ago?”
Donil stood, turning his back to his grandparents. “She’s my future mate.” He winced as the chair screeched from his grandfather’s abrupt rising.
“What? Donil, this is no time for games!”
“Really, Dear, do you think it wise to make such a claim?”
Donil's head began to pound. He'd come to seek guidance, not be lectured. “In my defense, I didn’t know who her father was until I rescued her. Second, in the dream realm, I never showed her my face. She didn’t have a clue who I was.”
“And now?” His grandfather’s growl made his own hackles rise.
“Laylah knows I’m with her when she sleeps and is not fearful. I promise to go slow and tread carefully. I don’t want to lose her. That’s what will happen if Henry learns of our bond. Besides, she doesn’t even know she’s Were.”
“You’re joking, right?”
“I wish I was, Grandpa. She has no knowledge about herself, Henry or those living with her.”
“Henry always was, and still is, an idiot. Are you going to tell her, Dear?”
His grandma was such a tender heart and Donil loved that about her. “Not right now. I’ll wait until the time is right.”
“Don’t wait too long. If you don’t tell the girl, someone else will. Does she know you’re a Were?” Grandma Ruby gave him an assessing glance and Donil squirmed.
“No, Grandma, we haven’t gotten that far in conversation yet.”
“Better get that in the open as soon as possible, too. No female likes to be treated disrespectfully. Not telling her the truth falls into that category. So please, tell her soon.”
“Yes ma’am! Your wish is always my command.” Donil bowed to his grandma.
“Cheeky boy,” his grandfather complained and laughed. “Go on, git. Your Gran and I have work to do. Give our love and regards to your mother.”
“I will do that. Thanks to you both for hearing me out.” Donil shook his grandpa’s hand. Then he hugged both of them. “I love you and again thanks.” He left the room, grabbed the candles for his mother and went outside, smiling as he thought about Laylah.

Chapter 35
December 2220

Zina sat at the bar and brooded. Her master plan had encountered snags and she was furious with her underlings. Incompetent fools. And to add insult to injury, Gerard had been stopped by that pipsqueak upstart Donil Silentshadow. Even as a kid, Donil had been a problem. Smaller than most, the younger male had tried to prove his worth to everyone older than him. She hadn’t wanted him around back then, but his cousin, Matt, wouldn’t leave him behind. In the end, Donil proved useful as a source of inside information about the Le Croix family and their progress on the new drug. It was his one innocent comment that helped her almost complete her rise to power thirteen years ago.
Zina blinked and then glared at her empty beer mug. Present events were not working to her advantage any more than they had in 2207. Two months ago, the kidnapping of Laylah Le Croix had failed. This time she would make sure it succeeded. 
The mighty Le Croix dynasty and the Were Council would fall and she would stand on the ashes of the old and rule the new world. She shook her head no when the bartender offered her another beer. “It’s great to be me,” she purred. “Keep the change.” 
She tossed a fifty cred chip on the bar and sashayed out of the building, ignoring the catcalls of the male patrons.
Gerard and Alexis stood outside by the van. Without a word, Gerard opened the door and she climbed inside. He closed the door, Alexis got in the back and Gerard took the driver’s seat. 
“Take me to the girl’s school. I want to see the freak that keeps eluding me.”
“Yes, my Alpha.” Gerard started the vehicle and headed north, leaving behind Brayshell.
The drive was silent, just the way Zina liked it. Her two companions were on her mutt list and had been trying to redeem themselves ever since their failure to capture Henry’s whelp. Despite that, they were still her best fighters, which is why they were with her right now. 
Trees gave way to abandoned buildings as they drove into downtown Old Invarnash. The once beautiful Lake Hendershen, home to boaters, fishermen, alligators and other aquatic life, lay dead, unused and polluted. Humans had blamed Weres for the contamination and destruction, which was absurd since many aquatic Weres had called the lake home. Once Zina seized control of the Were community, humans were next on her "To Be Eliminated" list. Only the fittest should survive.
“My Alpha, we’re here. The prey should be coming out in five minutes from the east entrance.”
“Park close by, Gerard. I want to see the brat who inspires such devotion from others.”
Gerard obeyed, parking the van across the street. The wait was short. The end bell rang and students poured out of the school.
Zina caught the scent of a few youthful Weres, but couldn’t pick them out of the crowd. She knew her presence would go undetected, for the van was downwind and its passengers hidden by the tinted windows. She continued to study the teenagers. One of these stupid, hormonal nobodies was her unknowing prey.
“There she is!” Alexis pointed to two girls who emerged from a different entrance. “She’s the one with the purple backpack.”
Zina studied the girl. The baggy clothing obscured the girl’s true shape and that annoyed her. A woman should be proud of her figure, not ashamed of it. Long red hair, olive colored skin and an air of nervousness clung to the girl. Zina completed her once-over of the teenager. She couldn’t see the prey’s eyes from here, but more than likely, they were ordinary. 
“She’s average looking, nothing special in the looks department. Why all the fuss by the other Weres to protect her?” Zina had spent most of her life wrapping men around her finger, but sometimes their tastes and whims were beyond her. “Who is the human with her? I was led to believe that she has no friends.” 
“She has only the one and that is who you see with her. And, my Alpha, the prey’s daily routine has been changed.”
“What do you mean changed, Alexis?” 
“Her pickup spot is different as are the times when Jacques arrives. Sometimes her human friend walks with her as well. That is why it took us two months to even get this close. I know you desire to have the prey by winter’s end, but we are unable to figure out the pattern and snatch her.”
Zina growled and her hands changed into a wicked set of sharp claws that she started tapping on the dashboard, her eyes on her subordinates. “Why was I not informed sooner?”
Gerard flinched, his eyes watching her drumming fingers. Alexis didn’t respond right away. He, too, watched her claws. Zina could smell their fear. They needed to be afraid for she did not tolerate failure! 
“We believed that they would continue to be predictable after the first attempt had failed. When that didn’t happen, we did the same as the first time, looked for a pattern. Only it didn’t work as planned.”
“None of Henry’s underlings are that smart. Someone is helping them.”
“We thought of that too, my Alpha. We interrogated everyone in our inner circle that had knowledge of your plans. They all were cleared.” 
Alexis’ appeasing words grated on Zina’s nerves and flamed her mounting fury. “If the two of you continue being incompetent, I will rip your entrails out and force you to eat them for dinner! I want the abomination caught and brought to me by week’s end or you will face a very slow, painful dismemberment before my troops. Do I make myself clear?”
“Yes, Alpha!” Sweat dotted both men’s brows, but they kept their eyes on her.
“Now,” her tone became flirty as she shifted her claws back into hands. “Let’s go home. I have things to do. Must get work out of the way before playtime. Isn’t that right, Gerard?” She caressed his bared arm with a finger and grinned when a growl escaped him. The spike in the pheromones flooded her nose. Her eyes changed from blue to yellow. “Drive!”
“Yes, Alpha!” Gerard obeyed.
Zina spared one last glance in the direction of her prey and smiled.

Chapter 36

“Britta, look, I appreciate that you canceled your October party because I couldn’t go. I’m telling you now, Father will find some way to keep me home. I can’t even breathe without someone being right there watching. It’s been that way ever since those men tried to kidnap me.”
“I know, I know. You have to try though. Tons of people will be there, Laylah, including Donil.”
Laylah stopped abruptly. “Donil! Wait, how do you know him?” Shock and jealousy hit her hard. Quickly, she squashed it. She should have known that a handsome man like that would not be interested in someone like her. Besides, he'd never called Laylah after that day when he kissed her....
“His mom provides veterinary care for my father’s horses.” Britta grinned. “He’s muy caliente, no?”
A blush heated Laylah's face at her friend’s words and she glanced away, missing Britta’s knowing look. “I wouldn’t know.”
“Oh, I think you do. Donil is always on the move and is a ladies’ man. At least that’s what Father says.” Britta giggled and draped her arm over Laylah’s shoulders. “Come now, Chica. What aren’t you telling me? I’m your amiga and we don’t keep secrets.”
“It’s...I mean,” Laylah struggled with her feelings. She’d only told Britta the barest of details about her would-be abductors. She’d left out certain parts about Donil and his mother. She also failed to mention that the men were not human, but Weres who had chased her that day in the forest. She felt guilty at first, but some instinct told her it was the right choice. She wasn’t having one of those moments right now though. She decided honesty was best. 
“I met him two months ago when he saved me from those guys. Those men turned out to be Weres. I met his mother, too. She was really nice and fixed my ankle.”
“Those men were Weres! Did you report it? You know what the law says, Laylah!”
“I know what it says, Britta, but Jacques and Father both wanted to keep the whole thing quiet, so no police.”
Britta sighed, moved her arm away and stood in front of Laylah. “Oh, Chica. Why didn’t you tell me? I saw your face. You felt bad about keeping silent. It’s okay. There are some things I don’t tell anyone either. You like him though, don’t you?”
“Who? Donil? No! I mean, yes, he’s nice,” Laylah mumbled.
“Ah, ha! More than nice. You’re blushing again!”
“Am not!” Britta’s laughter made Laylah squirm. “Okay, maybe a little. He’s not like the boys here at school.”
“That’s because he’s an hombre. Muy machismo, as my mama would say. So, now, will you come to my party?”
“Britta! I don’t think….” Laylah threw up hands in defeat at her friend’s pleading look. “All right, all right! I’ll try.”
“No try. As a little green man said in that 20th century Earth film that Father and I watched last week 'Do or do not. There is no try.' You will be at my party, no matter what or how.”
Laylah rolled her eyes. “You watch too many old vids.”
“Hey, you have to admit those people in past centuries had lots of creativity and could come up with the most memorable quotes. Talk about entertainment! Better than the junk they put out these days. So boring! Who wants to watch vids of trees swaying in the breeze? Father agrees with me on that one. And the music back then…it had beat and rhythm.” 
Britta hummed a few bars of a song that Laylah didn’t recognize. Laylah laughed at her friend’s silliness and wished she had parents like Britta. Parents that listened and didn't bark orders. 
“Laylah! Hey, Amiga, wake up!”
“Huh?” Laylah blinked and squeaked in surprise when her mind registered the addition of a second person beside Britta. Flustered, Laylah backed up. For two long months, she’d agonized and despaired over her confused feelings for the man now before her. Too shocked to do much, she simply stared.
“Cat must have her tongue.”
Donil’s teasing words struck a nerve. Laylah felt tears threatening to come as her fury grew. How dare he mock her! Without a word, she gave him a venomous glare, spun away from the pair and stormed off, ignoring Britta’s concerned shout. 
“I will not be made fun of by him!” Laylah angrily muttered and headed for the pickup spot. She wanted to get away from her feelings and the man that caused them.

~***~

Donil was baffled by Laylah’s reaction to his arrival. He was thrilled to see her and had hoped that he could get her to smile. Instead she’d stormed off.
“Ow! Cut it out, Britta!” He threw Britta a reproachful look. “Why’d you punch my arm for?”
“You’re an idiot, Donil Silentshadow!” Huffing, Britta shoved past him and ran after Laylah.
“An idiot? Hey, Britta, wait!”  He chased after her. He would never understand females and their crazy moods. Donil rounded the hedge and froze as a faint scent caught his attention.
“Impossible!” Warily he studied the immediate area, but didn’t see anything. Donil moved to the curb and inhaled deeply, allowing the flow of smells to filter through his nose. His eyes narrowed in fury. 
Zina, Gerard, and that Russian, Alexis, had been here recently. Donil had to get Laylah out of the area now. He stepped back from the edge and leaned against the brick wall. Not caring who saw, he closed his eyes and focused on the mental bond he shared with Britta. In seconds, Donil had a fix on her and jogged in that direction.
He slowed when he heard the two girls arguing.  Donil was relieved to find them unharmed. Now he needed to get Laylah to safety. Keeping to the bushes, he decided to eavesdrop. It would make it easier if he knew why both were upset with him. Then he could concentrate on protecting the ones he loved most.

~***~

Britta planted herself in front of Laylah. Dangit! Both Donil and Laylah could be so stubborn and silly when it came to emotional issues.
“Move, Britta!” Laylah snapped.
“Nope, can’t do that, Chica. You’re being ridiculous. Stomping off like some kid throwing a tantrum. That’s no way to handle a guy like Donil.”
“I don’t care! He can fall off a cliff or something! That works for me.”
Britta found herself sighing. Lately, she’d been doing a lot of that around Laylah. Her friend’s severe mood swings made it difficult for Britta to keep up. Quiet, unassuming Laylah was turning into a new person, and it was hard to adjust to the changes. She focused on her friend. The hurt in Laylah’s eyes couldn’t be disguised. “You do care and that’s why you’re acting like this. Admit it.”
“He didn’t even call me, after all that stuff happened,” Laylah whispered brokenly.
Britta wanted to throttle Donil for being so inconsiderate. Had he no shame? What had he done to make Laylah this wound up?
“I thought he liked me because he kissed me!”
“He did what! When?” Britta tapped her foot and scowled as she waited for her friend’s answer.
“After he rescued me from the Weres. It was the next day, right before his mom took me home. I guess I wasn’t good enough. He didn’t bother to call or try to see me again. I’m pathetic. I mean, look at me! Too ugly to be loved or wanted!” The tears flowed as Laylah sobbed miserably.
Britta could handle anything or anyone, but she couldn’t stand to see Laylah cry. 
“Oh, Chica.” Britta wrapped her arms around her friend’s stiff body and hugged her, occasionally making soothing sounds as she held her. “I’m here and I don’t think you’re ugly or unlovable. I want to be around such a smart, funny, beautiful friend. So hey, no more tears, ok?”
“Okay.” Laylah nodded and wiped away her tears.
At one glance at Laylah’s red eyes, Britta reached in her purse and pulled out a bottle of eye drops. “Here.” She put it in her friend’s hand. “If you don’t use them, Jacques will aggravate you about it until you cave and tell him.”
Obediently, Laylah applied the eye drops. “Thanks. Do my eyes look better?”
Britta peered into each eye. “Yes, much. Now listen, I’ll talk to Donil and find out his reason for such poor manners. I’ll give him your e-number and he’ll message you. It’ll be up to you whether or not you talk to him.”
“Britta, I....”
She covered Laylah’s mouth with one hand. “Shh. No excuses, Laylah. Give him a chance before you blame him and toss a possible relationship aside.” Britta could hear the low purr of the Le Croix limo and knew Jacques would be there any moment. “Promise me, Laylah.”
“Fine! I’ll hear his explanation. Now, I have to go. There’s Jacques. See you tomorrow, Britta.”
The limo came to a stop and Jacques’ bulky form emerged from the driver’s side. “Hello, Mr. J!” Britta waved and smirked as he grimaced at the nickname. 
Jacques opened the back door and Laylah climbed in. He didn't answer Britta until he closed the door. “Good afternoon to you too, Miss Newsome.”
Britta threw him a cheeky salute and grinned at his chuckle. His abrupt silence made her glance around. She spotted Donil near the bushes and took note that he and Jacques were locked in a stare down. 
“Enough! I swear! Mr. Jacques, por favor, take Laylah home. She’s had a long day.”
She watched Jacques hesitate before giving Donil a dismissive look. “Stay away from her. I’m warning you now, Donil.”
“No can do, Jacques.  Besides I’m on public property. Henry doesn’t rule here.” Donil’s eyes glittered dangerously.
Britta groaned. She knew what that look meant. Donil was about to antagonize Jacques into a fight. Laylah didn’t need that happening right now, not with the state she was in. Making a snap decision, Britta ran over to Donil and slugged him in the stomach. She knew it wouldn’t hurt him, but it did have the desired effect. He glanced down at her.
“What, Britta? Can’t you see we’re a little busy here? And what’s the deal with all this hitting?”
“Yeah, busy being an idiot again!” Britta heard the limo pull away and was relieved. “You know, for someone who’s supposed to be wiser because of age, you sure don’t possess any common sense!”
“Britta, that is not true. I do have sense and, one day, all this macho chest thumping as you call it, will be made clear.” Donil’s eyes followed the limo as it turned the corner and disappeared from view. “We have to go. Mom and your parents are expecting us for dinner.”
Britta was puzzled by Donil's strange behavior. She would call Laylah later. Maybe this day could at least end on a better note for her friend.

Chapter 37

Stefan marched into the Council’s large assembly hall with a scowl. The Council had asked for a plan to stop Zina. He’d given them two. The problem was that they'd done nothing. True, Laylah was safe, at least for the moment, but his own trusted group of informants warned him of Zina’s impending strike. He needed the Council to protect Laylah.
“Stefan McJeysen, to what do we owe this honor?”
Isabella’s silky honey tone grated on Stefan's ears. She had qualities similar to Zina and it concerned him. He would not allow himself to be goaded. “Lady Isabella, it is a pleasure to see you and the Council.” He really didn't think so, but he had to play the part. “I’ve come to discuss Zina.” He knew he was being blunt, but time was running out.
“Bold, isn’t he?” growled Javier.
“Not bold. You asked me a couple of months ago to help you get Zina. So far nothing has happened. Why?”
“Your insolence knows no bounds, does it? It is not for you, Omega, to tell us when to act,” Javier sneered.
Stefan gritted his teeth. He dearly wanted to smash his fist into the Werebear’s face but now was not the moment. The longer the Council delayed, the greater the chance Zina’s plan would succeed.  He chose to ignore his challenger and concentrated on Isabella. 
“My lady. You asked. I gave. Yet, here we are, twiddling our thumbs. Zina has gathered an army like before. They are fanatical followers, like before. And if you continue this procrastination, it will end badly, just like before! Consider yourselves warned.”
The assembled Weres booed and hissed, but Stefan didn’t care. Stupid, the whole group was stupid! He’d done his good deed. All that mattered was her. He had to keep Laylah safe. Not waiting to be dismissed, Stefan turned his back on the Council, head held high, and left them to their fate.

~***~

Laylah stayed quiet on the ride home, despite Jacques’ repeated attempts to start a conversation. He was being nosy and lately it had begun to irritate. That feeling of being smothered kept returning. The number of rules had increased, too. She had to have someone with her at all times. The drop-off and pick-up spots rotated to the point that she thought her head would explode from trying to remember it all.
“Laylah, we’re home.”
She blinked and stared out the window. The gentle breeze ruffled the weeping willow branches. She felt like crying.  She got out and ran inside. Jacques was right on her heels.
“Laylah.”
“Don’t start, Jacques!” She threw a hand up dismissively; angry at what she thought was going to be a lecture. Laylah attempted to sidestep him. She wasn’t in the mood to listen to anyone, not while her feelings were such a mess.
Jacques' fingers wrapped around her right forearm and jerked hard. Thrown off-balance, Laylah twisted and slammed against his body. Shocked, her gaze flew upward to his face and she paled. Never had Laylah seen that expression on Jacques’ face before. Always concern, sometimes laughter, but never anger.
“Laylah Cherie Le Croix, I’ve had about all I can take of your attitude! I told you to stay away from Donil Silentshadow, and what do I find?”
“But, Jacques!”
He cut her off with a sharp dig of his fingers in her arm. “You and Britta, outside where everyone can see you chatting with Donil! Have you lost your mind! Do you have a death wish, Laylah? Do you?”
“Ow! No, I don’t! Jacques, please stop!”
“Be silent!” Jacques bellowed and Laylah flinched. “I’m trying to do my job and keep you safe. I’m also trying to keep you from getting into trouble with your father. You are not making it easy! He will not be so forgiving if he learns Donil is hanging around you.”
“But why? Donil saved my life two months ago. Father should thank him, not hate him!”
Jacques shook her, his expression harsh. “Do not question your father’s motives or orders, Laylah!”
Laylah stared at Jacques, her mind numb from dealing with too many shocks. First seeing Donil, then having Britta fuss at her, and now Jacques. It was too much.
“Jacques! What are you doing? Let her go!” 
Laylah felt his grip loosen and Jacques stepped away, his body rigid. She saw Naiya off to the side with a peculiar look on her face.
“Go to your room, Laylah. You have homework to do,” Jacques ordered.
Angry at his resigned tone, Laylah glared at him and ran upstairs. She slammed her door. Childish, true, but it made her feel a little better. She threw her backpack on the bed and stomped over to the balcony doors.  Pushing them open, she was blinded by the evening sun. She blinked a few times to clear her watering eyes.  No, not watering. Tears were falling.
She was bawling like a baby. Laylah hated to admit it, but she was more embarrassed than angry. Jacques’ fit of temper was the kind a parent would display. The idea brought her up short. Did Jacques view her as a daughter? It would explain the way he’d been treating her lately. She had always considered him and Naiya like her parents, but she hadn’t known if the feelings were mutual. 
“I’m so confused!” Laylah wailed and leaned on the railing, staring at the forest. Agitated by the day’s events and miserable at the thought that Britta and Donil might be together, Laylah went back inside, flung herself on the bed and cried herself to sleep.

Chapter 38

Donil stayed annoyed with Britta during the drive from the school to her parents’ house. The teenager had yet to stop harping on his lack of finesse in dealing with Laylah. If she called him an idiot one more time.... Donil felt bad about his behavior. He really shouldn't have acted all Alpha but, dangit, Jacques was too arrogant for a Beta. Donil had to show the other male he was the boss.
“Yo, chico! I’m talking to you!”
He grimaced at Britta’s sharp tone. “What? Run out of ways to insult me? Or have you invented some new ones?”
“Working on it. You hurt her feelings, Donil. You might as well have stabbed her. And Laylah doesn’t get over such things quickly like most people.”
Donil ran his fingers through his hair. “Look, I said I’m sorry. And I’ll call and apologize to Laylah, later, ok? Now, can you please drop it?”
“Sure.”
He saw her grin out of the corner of his eye and wondered what it meant. Donil had to give Britta credit. She had definite ideas of how the world should work and was known for fixing problems accordingly.
“So, about your party…. Is it humans only or are Weres invited?”
“Of course, Weres are invited! I’m asking you to be there, aren’t I?”
“True, but that doesn’t mean others can, Britta.”
“I don’t discriminate, ever. Anyhow, my new boyfriend is a Were.”
Donil glanced at Britta in surprise. “Wait a minute! When did you get a guy?”
“Are you jealous?” She batted her eyelashes and blew him a kiss.
“No! You’re like a younger sister to me, Britta. Besides, I’m interested in someone else.”
“Oh? Found another conquest from your groupies?”
Donil saw her glare and grimaced. “Big deal if I have women following after me, Britta. I’m a grown man with needs. One day you’ll understand.”
Britta sputtered indignantly, but Donil was saved from a tongue lashing when his ear comm rang. “Sorry, got to take this.” He answered the call and was unhappy when he heard Stefan’s voice. “What do you want?”
“No need to bristle, Kitty Cat,” Stefan taunted.
“Don’t call me that!” Donil growled, almost missed his turn, and had to quickly jerk the wheel to go down the lane to Britta’s home. He didn’t need this kind of distraction right now.
“You are too easy to tease, but that’s not why I called.”
“If there’s a point you need to make, old man, then spit it out before I disconnect.”
“Young people, always so impatient. How do you get things done when you’re always in such a hurry? Tell me, Donil, what made you think you could visit my niece without ramifications?”
“How did you know I saw her?” Now on guard, Donil focused on Stefan’s next words.
“I told you that I keep track of Laylah. I watched you face off with Jacques. Very stupid, by the way. You don’t have much fighting experience and he could kill you if he chose to. By showing up at her school, you’ve now made it twice as hard on her at home because of your little stunt.”
“What do you mean, 'twice as hard'? Spill it.”
“Henry has all his Betas watching Laylah. There has also been an increase in activity in his Ohcale office. He’s plotting something and I don’t think it bodes well for my niece.”
Donil felt his blood turn cold. “What can I do? How do I help her?”
“You need to contact her, find out what she knows. And, for once, be discreet. I’ll come by your place tonight to share more information with you and your mother.”
“All right.” Inwardly, Donil bristled at Stefan’s attitude. He was Alpha, not Stefan. He should be giving orders, not taking them. Dead silence followed, signaling the end of the conversation. Donil felt Britta's intense stare. “What?”
“Fine! Don’t tell me,” she huffed.
“You don’t need to know everything, Nosy Butt. Ah, there’s Mom and your parents.”  Donil parked the truck and got out. “Hello, Mr. and Mrs. Newsome.”  The older man’s grip was firm as they shook hands. 
Donil noticed the gray in Mr. Newsome’s black hair and thought about his age. Ahdum Newsome’s assessing hazel eyes took in everything and his shrewd mind made him a formidable Tri-Ruler of the Citrus Unified District. It helped that his hulking stature and deep rumbling bass voice cowed most criminals into repentance and confession.
His wife, Mahriah Newsome, was vivacious and stood only five feet tall. Mahriah was content caring for her family. She only participated in a few community activities, despite numerous offers to join more. Adding to the black haired beauty’s list of talents was a warm heart and great cooking.
“Mrs. Newsome, you are looking very lovely today. May I ask, what’s for dinner?” Donil grinned when his mother laughed.
“You’ll have to excuse Donil’s manners, Mahriah. When the bottomless pit he calls a stomach starts growling, we all have to watch out.”
Mahriah grinned. “Nothing wrong with a healthy appetite, Kattcha. Come, dinner is served.”
Talking happily, the group headed inside.

Chapter 39

Drayden Morales was parked thirty feet away from the Newsome home, bored to tears. He glanced at the time. He had come on duty when the Silentshadows joined the Newsomes for dinner. That had been over two hours ago. Every hour, Isabella demanded updates on Donil’s doings. The female Alpha had chuckled over Laylah Le Croix’s cold-shoulder treatment of the Panther Alpha.
He wasn't surprised by it. If Laylah was anything like her old man, she probably thought she was better than Donil and his family. She might even toy with the Panther Alpha before stomping on his heart.
A sharp rap on the window startled Drayden. His right hand automatically gripped the pulse pistol on the seat next to him. He lowered the window when he saw Stefan’s reflection in the side mirror. “What do you want?” 
Stefan’s wolfish grin made him tense. The car limited Drayden's mobility, but he was still lethal if he had to be.
“I find it interesting, Drayden, that you’ve been following Alpha Donil. I wonder how he would respond to the news of his invisible stalker.” Stefan carefully inspected his nails and waited.
Drayden gritted his teeth. Isabella would be pissed if she found out Stefan was snooping around and interfering with her plans. “Donil should feel honored. Alpha Isabella only puts a watch on those she considers potential allies or potential threats.”
“Which category does the good Alpha Donil fall into?” Stefan grinned.
Drayden shrugged. “I’m not in my Lady Alpha’s mind to know her thoughts. I only do as I’m told.”
“Still sniffing after a prize you can’t have, Cub?” Stefan chuckled. 
Pricked by his words, Drayden snarled, his grip tightening around the pulse pistol as it squeaked in protest from the pressure. 
“Stay out of this, Stefan. You only have temporary Omega status. You can always go back to being scum. You told me before that you don’t play the politics game anymore. You should stick to your words.”
“True, I did say it. That was before you involved Laylah.” Stefan leaned forward, his brown eyes shifting to wolf yellow. “If you destroy anything that makes my niece happy, then you will pay with your life.”
“Is that a threat?”
“No, Drayden, it’s a promise.” Stefan's eyes changed back to normal. “You have a good night, Cub.”
Drayden bristled at the condescending tone, but chose to let it pass. He watched Stefan disappear into the darkness and pondered how upset Isabella was going to be with his report.

~***~

Light from the imposing Sevicorps building sliced through the evening's fog. Outside, guards patrolled the ten-mile protective fence. 
Inside, Henry harassed his interns. He was in a foul mood and lashed out at his staff. They might not like his treatment of them, but they knew who paid their salaries and their silence. Resentment brewed, but greed and the hope of getting a cut of the profits if the drug was successful kept them all working.
Not that Henry cared. Over the last two months, he’d pushed his staff to the breaking point to get more results. He needed the drug ready now. His financial backers were getting antsy. He glared at his 3-D display. Henry could not get his trials to match the first test results from the original source. What to do? What to do? He needed answers and time was running out. 
It was moments like these that he missed Helena most, her quick mind, her teasing smile. Her encouragement that moved him to go above and beyond his limits. Henry grieved for her more than he ever let on. Seeing his daughter only made his heart hurt more. Why had Helena saved the brat? He and Laylah had never really bonded. 
From birth, she’d always clung to Helena. Laylah would cry hysterically if he came near her. Henry had wanted to wash his hands of his only child and heir, but his wife’s gentle, yet firm, insistence that he try harder paid off. By the time Laylah was one, she enjoyed being around him as much as her mother.
He'd had it all and then Zina interfered. That crazy female. Never could take rejection well. The one thing he hated most in a woman was arrogance. True, being an Alpha tended to instill that quality in an individual, but Zina took it to extremes.
Zina had taken Helena from him, leaving him angry and vengeful. She had the audacity to try to take Laylah, his last link to Helena. 
Henry cared nothing for his daughter’s welfare, but he would not let Zina score a victory against him. He would crush the female Alpha, once and for all. And Henry had the perfect bait — Laylah.
The intercom chimed and Delilah’s voice intruded on his scheming. “Dr. Le Croix, a Mr. Yon is here to see you.”
“Ah, yes. Send him to the conference room. I’ll meet him there.”
“Yes, sir.”
Henry left his office and took the elevator to the conference room on the third floor. This building was not his only lab, but it was the largest at fourteen stories. He walked in, checked to make sure the coffee was fresh and sat down at the head of the table. 
A few minutes later, Henry heard Yon’s footfalls as the older man drew near. He gave a feral grin. Henry couldn’t stand the Jaksenville Alpha. But when he’d needed capital for his scientific research, Dayid Yon had been one of the first to sign a contract. Of course, there were stipulations attached. Not that Henry cared. The reward was so much greater than the claims laid out in their agreement.
Henry glanced up at Yon’s knock. “Enter.”
Yon strode in and without preamble started speaking. “Henry, we need to talk!”
“Indeed? Why not calm yourself and have a seat.”
“Don’t take that tone with me! I am older than you. I am an Alpha. Or have you forgotten how to behave around your own kind?” Yon folded his beefy arms across his chest, rage flashing in his eyes.
“Peace, Alpha Yon. Peace. No need to bristle. Coffee? It’s imported and quite good.” Henry rose, his gaze on the surly Alpha. Yon stood an impressive 6'7” and, though he had many vices and lived extravagantly, Yon's bulky girth was more muscle than fat. 
In his youth, Alpha Yon had been a promising amateur wrestler. He’d given it up to become Alpha of the Jaksenville Wolf Clan. Under his guidance, the clan had grown in reputation and financially. He was not a man to cross. Rumor had it that Yon was seeking a Were Council seat.
Yon stared hard at Henry before seating himself with a grunt. “Make it black.”
Henry nodded and poured two cups. “Why are you here?” He set a cup in front of his visitor.
“You said that the Silentshadow issue was handled.”
Henry stiffened. “It has been.”
“Hmm, interesting. Then tell me, Henry. Why was he was at Citrus Academy today talking with your daughter and her friend?”
“I see. I was not aware, Alpha Yon, that you were that concerned with my clan affairs.”
Yon laughed mockingly and Henry growled. 
“My dear Henry, everyone’s dealings, especially in New Florida, concern me. Even more so with you, since things that affect your image impact our various agreements.”
Henry took a sip of his coffee and regarded Yon. His ally was more ambitious than he’d anticipated. He needed to have Yon watched more closely. “Our contracts are solid. I will handle this issue tomorrow.”
“That’s all that I ask. Now, I’m off to dinner with that actress Bongita.”
Henry laughed. “That’s one thing you can’t be accused of — poor taste. Have fun.” 
“But, of course.” With a chuckle, Yon heaved himself to his feet and left.
Henry waited until he could no longer hear Yon’s steps before stabbing buttons on the comm console. “Delilah!”
“Yes, Dr. Le Croix?”
“Set up a comm conference with Jacques and Kenneth immediately!”
“Yes, sir.”
Henry fumed while he waited. Why had he not been notified about Donil’s whereabouts? It was only 8:00 pm, plenty of time for either of his Betas to report in. He snarled in disgust. Henry was sure of the reason why Jacques hadn’t informed him about his daughter’s transgression, but that did not explain why Kenneth had failed to report in.
The comm chimed and the 3-D display split into two views. Kenneth’s long blond hair was pulled back in its customary ponytail and his intense baby blue eyes focused on Henry. Jacques looked pissed and wary.
Henry resisted the urge to verbally rip into his two Betas. Jacques was keeping secrets, a fact Henry was going to have to address soon. His trust in his Invarnash Beta was almost gone. Maybe it was time for fresh blood. He knew he could find loyal young men looking for a jump in pack position. 
“My Alpha!” Both men replied formally as they bowed, momentarily disappearing from view.
“Rise! I want to know why I was not informed about Donil’s contact with Laylah.”
Jacques squirmed and Kenneth appeared surprised. Henry decided to work on him first. “Well, Beta Kenneth?”
“I wouldn’t know, my Alpha. Byron was on duty today, not I.”
“That’s not right, Kenneth. Your days this week were today and Friday,” Jacques interrupted.
“The memo said next Monday and Wednesday. Byron was there and we read it together. I swear on my honor that it is true.”
“Jacques, I see that not all traitors have been rooted out. Find out who they are immediately, and bring them to me. Jacques?”
“Yes, my Alpha?”
“I will be in Invarnash tomorrow to meet with you and have a talk with my wayward daughter. Disobedience will not be tolerated. Good evening, my Betas.” Henry terminated the feed before either man could respond. He rose from the chair, went to the giant bay windows and stared at the twinkling Ohcale contemplating his next move.

Chapter 40

Kattcha watched her son fidget for the majority of dinner and wondered at the cause. She couldn’t ignore the irritated looks Britta was shooting in Donil’s direction either. Britta only behaved that way when she was on a personal crusade. Kattcha pondered all of this while engaging in light banter with Ahdum and Mahriah.
She and her husband Gustav had met the Newsomes when Gustav tracked and captured a rogue Were killer back in 2195. Ahdum had been a hot shot law enforcer with an impressive conviction record and ambitions of becoming a Tri-Ruler. With Gustav’s help and the backing of the Were Council, Ahdum succeeded. He was the first person they went to when a Were committed a very public crime, especially if it involved humans.
“…. So Kattcha, do you think Winning Images is ready for The Derby?”
“Perhaps. He is your best gelding at the moment. He’s also the fastest. Besides, I have faith in my daughter's jockey skills. If anyone can coax a win out of a horse, it’s Mya.” 
Ahdum laughed. “She is fiery, but that seems to work best with my horses. Back on Earth, they would have called Mya a horse whisperer.”
“I’ve heard the stories of people who seemed to know what horses thought and felt.”
“Of course, who knows the truth? That was in another place and time,” Donil cut in. “Wow, look at the time! Mother, we really need to get going.”
Kattcha frowned. Donil was being unusually rude. “I wasn’t aware of any deadline, Son.”
“Something important slipped my mind. Mrs. Newsome, excellent food as always. Mr. Newsome, I’ll see you tomorrow then? Ten o’clock, bright and early.”
“Yes, ten is fine, Donil. I’ll have the Trial Court Attorney meet us. We can go over your evidence at that time.”
::Mother, I’ll tell you after we leave, I promise.::
::I’m holding you to that, my lad.::
“Thank you, sir. Good night, Britta.” Donil stood.
“Whatever. You’d better remember to do a lot of groveling,” Britta primly reminded him.
“I will, Britta.”
::Groveling? Donil, you have some serious explaining to do!::  Kattcha snapped at him as she rose from her chair. 
“It was a great meal, Mahriah. Next time, I’ll make sure Mya comes. My daughter is good with horses, but her social skills are lousy.”
Ahdum laughed. “Yes, I’ve seen that up close. Have a good night, Kattcha, Donil.” He escorted them to the front door and watched as they got in their vehicles.
Kattcha closed her door and started the truck. She waited until Donil drove away before giving a final wave at Ahdum. She took her time on the return trip as she considered the evening’s conversations. Unsaid things were going on between Donil and Britta and she would get to the truth of the matter at home. Added to her worries was Mya’s brooding. Kattcha grimaced when she thought about the public confrontation between her children during the monthly family dinner.

~***~
Two nights ago, Pheasant Grove

“Mya! Donil! Hurry up and finish setting the table. You know the rest of the family will arrive on time and expect to eat without having to wait!” Kattcha hollered down the hallway before returning to the kitchen with an exasperated sigh. She loved her two eldest children but sometimes, like now, she wanted to take a switch to them for lollygagging around.
“Calm down, Mother. I have it all under control,” Donil assured her as he sauntered in, arms full with tablecloths.
“Don’t just stand in the doorway, Lad! Go put them on the table. Besides, I think I hear your grandparents' car pulling up.”
Donil bowed and chuckled while nimbly dodging the wooden spoon Kattcha threw at his head. Kattcha whistled and went back to cooking. Twenty minutes later everyone, forty family members in all, had arrived and sat outside, enjoying the afternoon sun. 
Food was handed out, conversation flowed and laughter filled the air. Kattcha noticed Donil picking at his food.
::Is something wrong, Son?::
::Nothing that time won’t cure. Please, Mother, be patient. I may need your peacemaking skills after my announcements.::
She heard the determination in his tone and worried. ::Donil, please, do not be rash.::
::It’s all right, Mom. This is one time that I’ve thought things through completely.::
Apprehension filled Kattcha as he stood and raised his hand for silence.
“My family, I once again welcome you and thank you for coming to this dinner. I have a few announcements to make, so here we go. Mr. Newsome has made Mya head jockey of his racing team.”
The clapping was loud, along with shouts of congratulations. Mya blushed and smiled broadly.
Kattcha grinned. She knew Mya had coveted that position for two years now. It was good that she finally got it.
“After careful consultation with my mother and my grandparents, I’ve decided to court my mate. And that mate is Laylah Le Croix.”
Silence descended as the Silentshadow family stared in shock, dumbfounded by Donil’s words. Mya recovered first, jumping to her feet, her face red with rage.
“You, what!”
Donil turned to gaze at her. “I’m going to court Laylah Le Croix.”
“But, but, you can’t do that!” she wailed.
“Yes, I can, Mya. I am Alpha here. My word is law,” Donil sternly reminded her.
::Tread carefully, my son. Your sister is hot-tempered. We don’t need her going off on some innocent.:: Kattcha wasn’t surprised by Donil’s decision, only disappointed. Laylah was a nice young lady, but that wasn’t the point. She’d hoped her son would see past his hormones and realize the danger in pursuing Henry’s daughter.
Mya’s outburst released the others from their silence as denials, angry mutterings and pleadings from the family filled the air. Kattcha watched Donil stand his ground and she felt pride. She listened to Mya’s agitated pleas that Donil be sensible and forget the brat.
“Enough!” Donil roared, silencing them all. “This is not open for debate!”
“You’re right, it’s not open for debate, but you’re an idiot, Donil Silentshadow! She is a Le Croix and the only things they do well are lie and survive. What’s a few backstabs among friends? That’s their motto. Do you wish to disgrace us by bringing that kind of filth in our home and bloodlines?”
Kattcha knew the moment the words left her daughter’s mouth that it was the wrong tone to take with Donil.
“Excuse me, Mya. You think we’re better because of a mostly pure bloodline. That's simply not true. Laylah is nothing like her father. In fact, she’s the complete opposite. And even if she wasn’t, she is my mate. I’ve felt the bond.” Donil stopped because chaos broke out. 
People were on their feet shouting. Some advised calm; others settled for giving Donil disapproving glances.
Kattcha feared that this would happen. The family had never forgiven Henry Le Croix for turning on them thirteen years ago. She stood and a hush settled on the group. She eyed each one before turning her gaze to her son. 
“I give my full support to my Alpha, Donil Silentshadow. I pledge it as his mother and as a member of this family.” Calmly, she stared at each member one more time, driving her point home.
When Hans and Ruby rose, she was relieved. Hans’ approval alone would have been enough to quell any dissent over the Alpha’s choice. Adding Ruby’s support effectively sealed the deal. Proudly Kattcha regarded her in-laws and waited for Donil’s next move.
“Thank you. Now, on to a more pressing matter. Zina has returned.” Donil held up a hand to forestall any outburst. “The threat to our family and my mate must be addressed. Laylah has to be protected for it is she that Zina seeks. Our enemy wants to strike at Henry and mistakenly believes that the way to do this is through his daughter.”
“Why do you say Zina is mistaken?” snarled Mya. 
“Because, my sister, Henry cares nothing for his daughter. And he has done the unthinkable — denied Laylah knowledge of her heritage.”
Everyone was speechless.
“You can’t be serious? The very idea is ridiculous! We all know the oh-so-mighty Henry is all about a strong power base. Having his heir firmly on his side would be a necessity. Not to do so would be stupid and Henry is anything but,” sneered a stocky man, with dark brown hair.
“True, Matt, but even Alphas make costly mistakes. Or have you forgotten the part you played in Zina’s plans thirteen years ago? The only thing that saved you from the Council’s wrath was the blame I took for you, Cousin, and the fact you helped set Zina up for the fall.”
Kattcha cleared her throat and gave Donil a pointed look. Wisely, he took the hint.
“Listen, I wanted to apprise the family of the situation. We are working on solutions to our problems. Until then, no one do anything crazy and we should be fine.” Donil stared at each person until they submissively lowered their heads. “Now, let’s eat!”
Kattcha felt a pang of loss as she watched Donil be the man she and her husband had dreamed he would be. Her son was no longer a child. Gustav would’ve been proud. After a while, the uneasy atmosphere gave way to laughter and relaxation as the shock of Donil’s announcements wore off. Everyone seemed happy, except for Mya, who sullenly helped serve dinner before disappearing into the house.
Kattcha shook her head and thought about her daughter’s increasing ire at the Le Croix family, and Laylah in particular. She needed to check that misguided hatred before harm befell Mya.

Chapter 41
Present, 2220

Kattcha sighed and thought about her son. Donil owed her an explanation about his behavior at the Newsome’s home and Britta’s cryptic remarks. She turned off the car, got out and took a cleansing breath of night air. She froze when she caught a whiff of a familiar scent.
“This is becoming a bad habit, Stefan. One that I won’t encourage. Showing up unannounced, very rude.” Kattcha watched Stefan emerge from the shadows with a genuine smile on his face.
“Come now, Kat, you know that games are a feline’s forte.”
“Maybe for some, but this feline is getting too old to play them. Speak your mind, Wolf. I’m tired and would like to sleep.”
“Always loved that about you, Kat. Forthright and dependable. I need to speak with Donil as well.”
Kattcha considered Stefan’s request and decided to hear him out. “Come inside. My son is in the study hoping to avoid his nosy mother.” She chuckled and led him in the house.
They went straight to the study. Kattcha gestured for Stefan to wait and then entered first. Donil grimaced, no doubt imagining what she would scold him about. To forestall his excuses, she spoke first. “We have a visitor.” Turning, she shouted, “Stefan, hurry up and get in here. We don’t have all night.”
“Sheesh, woman, announce my presence to the world!” Stefan growled.
Kattcha smirked. “Serves you right. Every time you come by and want something, I end up with gray hairs.”
“Well, if it makes you feel better, blame it on Henry’s indifference and the Council’s refusal to assist me. Oh, hello, Donil.”
Donil had risen and was glaring at their visitor. Kattcha grinned as her son tried to intimidate the other male. Donil was very powerful, but Stefan was seasoned at winning power plays. The tension rose and her nose caught the smell of increased testosterone mixed with the sharp tang of Alpha power from both men. She regarded Stefan more closely. He had never had the feel of Alpha power like Henry. Perhaps time had caused it to emerge in him. An interesting thought, and something to watch for.
“Did you forget, Little Kitten, about our e-comm conversation?” Stefan goaded as he watched Donil’s face.
“Conversation? He called you, and you didn’t tell me?” Kattcha glanced at her son and saw him flush in anger.
“Yeah, I was letting him know I had information about Laylah and the Council. I also came to warn your brash son to lay low and not bother my niece because Henry will react badly.”
“You saw Laylah today? Donil, you promised to be cautious!” Kattcha gave her son her full attention, disappointed that he was behaving rashly.
“Mom, I was there to pick up Britta for the dinner tonight. Laylah happened to be there at the same time. That’s it. I didn’t plan anything. Oh, and Jacques showed up too,” Donil hastily amended when Stefan coughed.
“Donil Vince Silentshadow! I raised you to use your head! Not go off and do stupid things that could get you killed!”
“You know what? I’m getting tired of everyone questioning my judgment. I know what I’m doing! You act like Henry is some monster who will destroy Laylah if she’s seen with me. He may be a cold, ruthless, self-centered egomaniac, but I can’t see him harming her.”
“See, you proved your mother’s point,” Stefan snorted. “You can’t be that naïve, Alpha Silentshadow. Henry is all about power and control. Laylah is a possession. And like any object, she can lose value and be traded for something worthwhile.”
“Meaning?” Donil’s tone lowered and he gripped the desk hard enough that it creaked in protest.
“If you continue to pursue her, Henry will move her out of your reach permanently.”
Kattcha’s breath caught. “He won’t kill her! Even he wouldn’t go that low. She’s more valuable alive. I wouldn’t put it past him to put Laylah in some isolated place out of spite.”
Stefan looked unhappy. “I don’t know, Kattcha. My twin becomes more unfeeling by the day. No, that’s not true. He does feel, just not the kinder emotions. And having Zina around complicates things.”
“He’ll never help Zina!” Donil’s adamant denial was immediate. “Zina killed Helena and we all know how Henry felt about his wife. I agree Zina’s return is a cause for concern, but I think more for Laylah than the rest of us. Zina wants Henry and, to her, Laylah is the final roadblock. She’s not above a little murder.” 
Kattcha saw Donil’s eyes change from blue to emerald green as his feline half threatened to emerge. “Calm down, my lad. Remember you’re not the only one Zina has hurt.” She spoke soothingly and waited for reason to reassert itself. Stefan stood to her left, silent and thoughtful. 
Donil struggled and regained his composure. He gave them an apologetic look. “Sorry. Every time I think of Miss Crazier-Than-Thou harming Laylah, it makes my blood boil.”
“Good, it should, especially if Laylah is your true mate. And your Alpha instincts will keep you both alive longer. You need to know that the Council will do nothing to help until the last possible moment. I, however, will watch your back and do what’s best for my niece.”
“We believe you, Stefan. It’s after ten. Some of us need to sleep. I’ll see you out.” Kattcha gestured for Stefan to follow.
“Very well. Donil, one last piece of advice. When you hurt a girl’s feelings, lots of groveling is good.”
Kattcha saw her son turn red. She stared at Donil. Embarrassed, he ducked his head and ran his fingers through his hair. She gave him a grim smile. “Don’t think I have forgotten about our little chat we will have, my lad.”
Donil grimaced and Stefan laughed before following Kattcha from the room. She wished Stefan a good evening and watched him disappear into the night.
She stood quietly for several minutes pondering Stefan’s warnings. She’d hoped the Council would solve the Zina problem but now it appeared, that true to form, they would do nothing until too late. Fine, then. Kattcha had her own plans in place to protect her family and Laylah. First, she and her son needed to have a chat. Satisfied with her thoughts, she went back to the study.
Donil sat in the comfortable desk chair, drumming his fingertips on the desk. He was brooding and she stifled a chuckle at his martyr’s expression when she closed the door.  “Come now, my son. I’m not going to spank you and send you to bed with no supper.”
“Very funny, Mother. Please, no teasing. And don’t yell either. Look, I hurt Laylah’s feelings today though I wasn’t trying to. The good news is that she stood up for herself and made me proud and ashamed all at once.”
“Donil, how did you upset her?”
“Well, um, last time she was here, I promised to keep in touch but didn't. And besides….” He squirmed, rose and started pacing.
“And?” Kattcha’s eyes narrowed, her arms crossed as she fixed her son with a look.
He stopped moving and kept his back to her. “I might have stolen a kiss.”
“You, what! Donil, have you no shame! You don’t kiss a girl and forget to call. That’s what you did, didn’t you? Son, I know you’re a grown man, but sometimes you have the brains of a teenager!” Kattcha did not relent at his woeful expression. 
“No wonder Britta is on the warpath! You’ve upset her best friend! You listen to me, young man. You find a way to apologize to Laylah, preferably without physically being near her.” Kattcha huffed and shook her head. “I’m going to bed. Sweet dreams.”  She smirked at his surprise and left him to his thoughts.

~***~

Britta stared at the calendar. Her party was in two days. This time, she was going to make sure Laylah was there. It was 10:30 pm and the perfect time to contact her friend. She picked up her ear comm and called Laylah. Impatiently she waited until a sleepy Laylah answered.
“Hey Chica! I’m sorry to wake you.”
“No, it’s all right,” Laylah mumbled.
“So, did he call?” Britta curled up in her bed, brimming with curiosity as she waited for Laylah to get her thoughts in order.
“No, no one’s called except you. He’s not going to either.”
The hurt and conviction in her friend’s tone sparked Britta’s temper. “Stop it right this instant, Amiga! I’m not going to let you wallow in self-pity any longer. Donil is crazy about you! He’s going about it all wrong. Men can be dumb that way sometimes. And they don’t get it when a woman doesn’t act like they expected. It’s funny, really. Please, give him a chance, Laylah. That’s all I’m saying. Can you do that for me?”
Britta heard Laylah's sigh of defeat and smiled. A little guilt never hurt anyone. “Change of subject. You ready for my party Friday?"
“Britta, I want to come but I don’t think…it’s the same as before. I know Father. He’ll find something to ground me for. I know that any party you throw will be great. I don’t think I’ll be allowed to go.”
“Well don’t give up yet, Amiga. You will be there. I’ll make sure of it. Now, get some rest. Donil will probably call you tomorrow.”
“Um, ok. Hey, Britta?”
“Yeah?”
“Thanks for being my friend. I don’t think I can ever say it enough.”
“Hey, now. Don’t get all mushy on me,” Britta replied gruffly. “If you cry, I will too, Chica.” She heard her friend’s choked laugh and smiled. “Much better. It’s off to bed for me. Catch you in the morning.”
“Night, Britta.”
Britta put away her ear comm and stared at the picture on her nightstand. She and Laylah had taken it at the mall last year. It was one of the few times her friend had been relaxed enough to smile. Britta touched the frame. “I promise, mi amiga, you will be happy and free from your crazy father.” She reached over and turned off the lamp, satisfied with her plan.

Chapter 42

Donil had spent the last three hours pacing and contemplating his choices. The right thing to do was contact Laylah, apologize and try to make it up to her somehow.  But Stefan, his mother and Jacques were telling him to stay away. Then there was the issue of Zina: too many variables and not enough options.
He knew his family and friends were skeptical about Laylah being his mate. He didn’t care. In his heart and soul, Donil felt the mate bonds that bound him to her. Laylah probably felt it too, but didn’t understand the feelings. Donil desperately wanted to tell her the truth about her heritage. He wanted to see the joy in her eyes as she discovered what being a Were really meant.
“Not yet, though. Soon. And I have to tell her about me.” The clock’s red 1:00 am glared at him. “She should be asleep now. Laylah, I’m coming.” Decided on his course of action, Donil left the study and went to his room.
The air was cool against his skin. Weres ran higher body temperatures than humans and winter tended to be a favored season. At least, it was his favorite at any rate. Donil considered the type of dream he wanted to give Laylah. Nothing overly romantic that might scare her or make her angrier. “Hmm, I think I know.” He flopped on to the bed, concentrated on his telepathic and mate bonds with Laylah, and reached for her sleeping mind.
“Sweet dreams,” Donil whispered as his eyes closed and he pulled them both into the dreamscape he wove.

~***~

At first, the darkness confused and frightened Laylah. Where had the room with her animal friends gone?
A bright light blinded her and she cried out, instinctively shutting her eyes. Laylah stumbled backwards and bumped into something that grabbed her. She shrieked and fought to wake up. This wasn’t a dream. It was a nightmare!
“Shh, Beautiful. I’ve got you.”
Arms wrapped around her in a hug. That voice, she would know anywhere. “Donil? Please, help me! I can’t see!”
“I know. I’m sorry. Give me a minute.”
Abruptly the light was muted and, after a few hard blinks, Laylah was able to see. “A garden! Where did this come from? I don’t dream of gardens!”
“Calm down, Laylah. I did this. I picked this setting.”
“But why?” She turned around, reluctant to step free of his arms. It put her flush against his body, but the familiar fear of being close to another didn’t surface.
“Trying to talk with you while your zoo of animals eye me is uncomfortable. I thought I’d bring us some place neutral. I hope you don’t mind.” Donil rested his chin on top of her hair and breathed in her scent. It was a heady mix.
Laylah wanted to be angry but she had to admit his choice was a good one. She felt at peace here, surrounded by the beautiful scenery and him. “Don’t think because you gave me a pretty location that it makes up for the last two months.” 
He chuckled, the sound vibrating through his chest, and Laylah gave Donil a mock glare.
“I know it doesn’t, but at least it’s a start. C’mon. Let’s take a walk.”
He moved away from her and Laylah felt bereft. Her heart gave a painful thump and she wondered why she felt so lost at such a simple movement.
“My lady.” Donil offered her his arm.
With a giggle, Laylah accepted and they spent several minutes strolling and admiring the myriad of flowers that he pointed out. Covertly, she watched his every move. He looked tense. Had she done something wrong?
“It’s funny how one moment of forgetfulness can cause so much pain,” Donil whispered as he stopped and faced her.
Laylah froze and her breath caught in her throat. She felt panic and was afraid that he would tell her that he wasn’t interested in her except as friends. She stiffened and he snarled which only succeeded in making her flinch. 
“I’m sorry, Beautiful. I don’t mean to scare you. You got that beaten look in your eyes and I don’t like to see it. I can feel your fear and I don’t want you afraid. I blame your family for making you this way.”
“What do you know about my family? Why do Jacques and Father dislike you so much? How long have you known Britta? Are you dating her?” Laylah couldn’t seem to stop the flow of words from her mouth. This was her only chance to get answers and she was going to take it, even if it wasn’t what she wanted to hear.
Nonplussed by Laylah’s burst of questions, Donil collected himself and tried to respond. “Slow down, Beautiful. I’ll answer as best I can, but some truths should come from your father or Jacques.” He put a finger to her lips when she started to object. “We do it this way or not all. Your choice.” He stood watching her.
“Fine, Donil. Your way.” Laylah wasn’t happy, but she said nothing else and looked down at the ground.
“I know quite a bit about your family. Your parents used to be good friends with mine. Then things changed. My dad and your mom died, and life was never the same after all that.”
At the mention of her mother, Laylah glanced at him, curiosity burning bright in her gaze. “My mother?”
“Yes.” Donil continued on, not giving her a chance to ask another question. “As to why your dad and Jacques have issues with me, you’ll have to ask them to tell you.”
“What? That’s not fair! What kind of answer is that?” Angrily, Laylah glowered at him, distracted from pursuing the issue of her mom. She crossed her arms over her chest while putting some distance between them.
“And as for your last two questions, they’re easier to answer. I’ve known Britta since she was a baby and, no, I’m not dating her.”
Slowly, Laylah raised her eyes up until her gaze collided with his. Her lips parted in surprise at his words and hope showed on her face. “Are you seeing anyone else?” 
Donil closed the gap between them and gently pulled her against his body, her head resting on his chest. She was shorter than he, but holding her like this felt natural and special. She was rigid at first, but the longer they stood together, the more relaxed she became. “Not at the moment. High maintenance ladies wear me out.”
“Why do I believe that I’m safe with you? I barely know you, but I feel as if we’ve been friends forever. Oh, I’m sorry! That was a dumb thing to say!” Laylah stammered and tried to break the embrace.
Donil simply tightened his arms and she stilled. “Laylah, I’m not your father. I won’t yell at you for telling me your feelings. And like my dad once told me, ‘only stupid people don’t ask questions'. I think it’s safe to say you’re not stupid.” 
He chuckled when she gave an indignant snort. “If it makes it any better, I’ve experienced the same emotion. In my case, I like knowing that there is someone who understands me.”
Laylah peered into his eyes, studying his face for any lies. All his feelings showed in his gaze. After a moment, wonder transformed her face and she gifted him with a happy smile. Shyly, Laylah stroked his arm and broke eye contact.
“Donil, uh, you said you aren’t with anyone. Right?” 
“That’s right, I did.”
Laylah cleared her throat and suddenly her words spewed out. “Well, if you don’t have anyone maybe you can go with me to Britta’s party Friday.”
Donil caressed her face and her breathing sped up. “I’d be honored, Laylah, to go with you to the party. I’ll pick you up, say around seven?”
“I’d like that!” 
He laughed. “See, that wasn’t so hard,” he teased.
“Yes it was! I’m glad you said yes.”
Donil kissed the top of her head and gave her one last hug before releasing her.
Laylah made a sound of protest but didn’t move toward him. She was disappointed and relieved at the same time.
“I’m sorry, Beautiful, but dream time is over. You’ve got things to do and I have to get to work. I’ll contact you to arrange a pickup spot. Good-bye for now, my sweet lady.” He gave her one final encouraging grin that she answered with one of her own, though he saw her bottom lip tremble. 
As Donil let go of the dreamscape, he saw Laylah's sad wave. Darkness filled his vision and he hurtled back to wakefulness.

~***~

Donil woke and stared up at the ceiling. He could still feel Laylah through their bonds and her unique smell lingered. 
She was an interesting mix of scents — not all wolf and not all panther. Laylah smelled of snow-covered mountains and the humid heat of the jungle, all of it intoxicating to his feline senses. Donil grinned. He would keep going slow but one day soon, he would prove to Laylah how much he did love her.

Chapter 43

The morning sun beat down on the gathered group, but no one seemed to notice. In the center of the pavilion sat Zina with a scowl firmly in place. She slammed a fist down on the wooden picnic table causing the males and females to jump back fearfully. She wanted to break their necks. Pathetic, the whole lot. 
“I want a plan of action now! I should’ve had Henry’s brat under my tender care by today. Instead, I have nothing but useless followers who chase their tails!” Zina sneered.
“My Alpha, we’ve tried but we can’t get a lock on their new pattern. We tried to disrupt it, but Jacques found out and changed it again.” Gerard respectfully stayed out of arm’s reach, careful to look at a point beyond her shoulders.
“I don’t want excuses, I want results!” Zina roared.
“Perhaps I can be of assistance.” As one, the group turned and gave the newcomer an unfriendly glare.
Zina smirked and, with a wave of her hand, had her people make way for the visitor. 
“I can’t believe I have a Silentshadow before me. Didn’t you make some kind of pact with the Council that you wouldn’t have any interaction with me, Mya?”
“My mother, brother and cousin signed it, not me. I was not asked my opinion on the subject.”
“Indeed. Tell me, Mya, why shouldn’t I rip your head from your shoulders?” 
Zina’s eyes changed to wolf yellow as she regarded the young woman before her. Mya was a pretty girl with that dark brown hair and bright blue eyes. Zina would hear the younger female out and then decide what to do.
Mya shrugged nonchalantly. “Because I can get you Laylah Le Croix.”
Some of those present gasped, but Zina remained focused on Mya. 
“And why should I believe anything a Silentshadow would say?” 
Fists clenched, Mya appeared poised to strike. Zina was suitably impressed by Mya’s bravery.
“Because I will not let that thing destroy my family again. My father died trying to keep that girl safe. My mom and brother are trying to rescue her from Henry. No one but me sees how dangerous she is. I want her gone and my life with my family restored to what it was.”
Zina was interested. Mya was telling the truth and Zina didn’t smell any lie. She considered her plans and how to manipulate Mya. Zina gave a wolfish grin. 
“Here’s the deal. You give me Henry’s offspring and I’ll spare you and your family.”
Mya stared at Zina for a long time, but the Alpha didn’t mind. Any good bargainer knew how to hold out for more, or when to give in and agree. She was testing the young lady’s resolve.
“Agreed. I know you think me weak for not asking for more, but I’m not greedy. My family will be safe and I’m content with that. You’ll find Laylah at Britta Newsome’s party Friday night.”
“Friday? Are you sure?” Gerard growled. His posture said he didn’t trust the information or the informant.
Zina assessed the proud tilt of Mya’s head. “How do you propose we get that close? The Newsomes are a powerful and affluent human family. I know the Tri-Ruler Ahdum Newsome will have tight security there to protect his only child.”
Mya shrugged. “I don’t know. That's not my job. I only came to give you the lead you sought.”
“Yes, it is good information and you will help us get in. Alexis, grab her.” Zina ignored Mya’s protest as the Russian roughly jerked Mya’s arm, forcing her to his side. “Take her to the community building and devise a plan to get us inside that party.”
“Hey! Wait a minute! Let go of me!” Mya shouted as Alexis dragged her away.
“Gerard?”
“Yes, my Alpha?”
“Make sure that we have a distraction for Jacques as well. I don’t need him interfering in our acquisition.” Zina’s eyes changed back to their normal light blue.
“Yes, my Alpha. I’m looking forward to the rematch.”
Zina laughed nastily and rose. “I’m going hunting. When I return, I want to know how you will capture the abomination.”
“Yes, my Alpha, your will shall be done.”
Satisfied, Zina got in her vehicle and drove away, singing off-key to some music blasting from her speakers.

Chapter 44

Laylah was in good spirits as she went from class to class. Last night might have only been a dream visit, but the feelings Donil had awakened still lingered. Every time she thought of Donil’s touch, she blushed and felt hot. Even Britta’s knowing grin couldn’t dampen her happiness.
The two girls went to the cafeteria and Laylah neatly avoided answering Britta’s prying questions. 
“Come on, Chica! I need details! How long did you make him beg for forgiveness? Did he admit how much he likes you? Well?” Britta demanded and pointed her French fry at Laylah.
Laylah grinned. “Wasn’t it you who told me a girl has to have some secrets?”
“Ha, ha. Don’t be so smug! Did he try to kiss you?”
Laylah blushed and turned a bright pink when Britta crowed in delight. “Shh! Britta, you’re embarrassing me!”
“Sorry, Amiga! I can’t help it. My little baby is finally growing up.”
Laylah laughed at Britta’s silliness. “Good one. I’m going to go grab a brownie from the dessert station. You want anything?”
“Yeah, get me a bowl of vanilla ice cream, please.”
“All right, vanilla ice cream for my best friend and adviser.” Laylah walked over to the desserts and quickly got the food. She turned to go back to their table and found her way blocked by Violet and her flunkies.
“Aw, look, girls. The little mouse has left her corner. Maybe she needs to be chased back.” Violet made a tsking sound while her group tittered.
Laylah gulped. “Please, Violet, I want to go sit down and get out of your way.” She was ashamed of how wimpy she sounded. Automatically, Laylah lowered her gaze and hunched her shoulders in an effort to make herself seem less of a threat.
Violet chortled. “Wow! The mouse squeaks!” Her eyes narrowed. “I think I prefer silence.”
Laylah didn’t have time to move as Violet slapped her hard enough to knock her backwards. 
“Oh, no!” Laylah tried to hold on to the food in her hands but lost her grip. She fell to the floor. The desserts flew up in the air and crashed down on her. Ice cream dripped down Laylah's face and on to her shirt. Pieces of the brownie were also in her hair. Winded, she blinked back tears of humiliation. Dimly, Laylah could hear Britta’s outraged yells. She looked up at Violet and her group as they laughed maliciously. Hatred throbbed in Laylah’s veins and she snarled, surprising herself and her tormentors.
Violet gazed coldly at her. “Does the mouse think she’s a lion? Maybe we need to teach you a lesson in obeying your betters!”
“You’re not better than me! You’re nothing more than a stupid bully!” Laylah sat up and was promptly knocked down by Theresa.
“You don’t get to speak to Violet that way, Little Mouse.”
Laylah sensed rather than saw other students moving in to catch a glimpse of the confrontation. She glared at Violet and felt something shatter in her soul. She was not a punching bag! She had feelings too!
::Stand up for yourself, little one! Put them in their place.::
Distracted by the unfamiliar telepathic voice in her head, Laylah didn't see Violet's foot lash out. She yelped and rolled from Violet’s kick to her stomach. She fought for air and barely managed to scramble to all fours.
“Fight! Fight! Fight!” The swelling chant filled her ears, but Laylah ignored it.
Violet charged her again and Laylah braced for the impact. She whimpered when Violet crashed into her and sent them both rolling. Laylah tried to protect herself from her enemy’s fists and was partially successful.
::You need to knock her off you! You’re not going to last this way!:: The voice growled.
“I’m trying!” Laylah grunted. She wildly swung her fist in Violet’s direction and felt it connect with the other girl’s nose. Blood splattered on Laylah’s face. Violet’s shriek of pain silenced all noise and the older girl stumbled back, clutching her bleeding nose. 
Laylah quickly came to her feet, warily watching the crowd, afraid that another attack would happen. Her belly hurt and so did her face, but Laylah couldn’t worry about that. She saw Britta push through the crowd.
“Chica!” Britta yelled.
Slowly, Laylah moved toward her friend and made sure to keep everyone in sight. “Britta!”  Laylah staggered the last few feet and fell into her friend’s arms.
Violet’s flunkies surrounded their injured leader who slapped away their helping hands. Violet gave Laylah a murderous glare and hissed, “You’ll pay for this, Mouse! I’ll make sure of it! Move!” Violet shoved Theresa out of the way and stormed off. Theresa and the other girls quickly ran after her.
“Okay, kiddies, show is over.” Britta kept a protective arm around Laylah. “Nothing to gawk at. Buh-bye!” She shooed the grumbling students away. “Come on, let’s go some place quiet.”
Laylah let Britta lead her away. Her adrenaline was wearing off and numbness made her mind slow. She’d hit Violet. Laylah couldn’t believe it. She felt a silly grin on her face.
“Reality to Laylah!”
“Huh?” Laylah blinked twice and focused on Britta’s worried expression. “What?”
“Amiga, I’m glad you tried to stand up for yourself. But punching Violet did not help. Next time she comes after you, she’s going to do some major damage and you have no fighting skills.”
Laylah gaped at Britta. “I don’t understand.”
“Here, sit first.”
It took a second for their surroundings to register. Britta had taken her to the music room. Laylah sat in the seat Britta pointed to. “Why are we here? I don’t understand.”
“You’re in shock, Laylah. Your face is a mess and your shirt is torn. Do you really want to go to Mozar’s class looking like this?”
“No! I’m sorry, Britta.” Meekly, Laylah dropped her head and cringed at Britta’s loud huff.
“Stop doing that! I swear, Laylah!” Britta shouted.
Laylah jumped, her head snapping up as her eyes locked on to her friend’s irate expression. “What?” she wailed.
“Stop with the apologizing! You’re not in trouble!” Britta shook Laylah. “I’m so proud of you! Violet may have got the best of you, but you stood up for yourself.”
Laylah stared. “You’re not mad at me?”
“No, silly, Chica! I’m happy for you. Stay right here. I’m going to get you another shirt and something to clean your face.” Britta hugged her and left in a burst of excited energy.
Laylah laid her head down on her arms as she thought about the fight. Who had spoken to her telepathically? It had been a man she didn't know.
::Of course you don’t know me. But that doesn’t mean I can’t be trusted.::
Slowly Laylah raised her head. “Don’t you know it’s rude to be in another person’s mind without permission?”
::Yes, but I’m not keen on following the rules.::
“Good to know, I guess. Look, my face and body hurt. Can you keep the mind chatter to a minimum? Please?”
::No problem. Remember, I’ll keep watch.::
“Yeah, you do that, Mr. Voice.” Laylah waited for a snide comment and was mildly surprised when he didn’t give one. “Figures. Well, better take a look at the damage.” She reached into Britta’s backpack and pulled out the hand mirror. “Here goes.”
With shaky hands, Laylah held up the mirror and a cry of dismay escaped her. She touched her right cheek and winced at the instant pain. The bruise covered most of it. She also had several scratches and cuts. This was the first time Violet had ever injured Laylah in such a visible place. Laylah started crying.
A door opened behind her and Laylah hastily wiped at her face, not wanting her friend to know she’d been crying. “Britta, you’re back!” Laylah turned around and froze. “You’re not Britta!”
“No, Miss Le Croix, I am not. However, you will come with me and join Miss Newsome in the principal’s office.”
Laylah was rooted to the spot. Never had she been called before the principal!
“Are you deaf, Miss Le Croix? I said move!”
Laylah jumped up and hastily stammered, “Yes sir, Mr. Mozar!” She grabbed her stuff and Britta’s backpack while doing her best to ignore Mozar’s scowl. “I’m ready.”
“Come.”
Obediently, Laylah followed and fretted the entire fifteen minutes it took to reach the office. She walked through the door Mozar opened.
“Here she is, Principal Hubbard.”
Laylah was afraid and seeing Britta’s pensive look did not help quiet her own unease.
“Thank you, Victor.” Principal Hubbard nodded and turned his attention to Laylah and Britta. He waited until Mr. Mozar left before speaking.
“Laylah, please sit,” Principal Hubbard instructed kindly.
Laylah managed to stiffly sit in the chair next to Britta. Principal Hubbard was not a tall man, but his expression was imposing. He was ordinary looking with short neatly trimmed brown hair. His ever watchful and probing gaze made her squirm. Principal Hubbard had a reputation of being hardcore.
“Nice of you to join us, Miss Le Croix.”
“Sir, I can….”
“Quiet! You will not speak unless given permission to do so,” he cut her off sternly. “It has come to my attention that you and Miss Spritz were in a confrontation during lunch. As you are aware, Miss Le Croix, such behavior is not tolerated here.”
Oh no, he was going to expel her! Father would kill her! Laylah felt the urge to cry. Her day was turning into a nightmare.
“As such, I have listened to the testimonies of everyone involved. I will hear yours now before I decide on a punishment. You may talk now, Miss Le Croix.”
Laylah considered what to say and decided to stick to the facts. “I went to get dessert, Violet attacked me, and I tried to protect myself. I didn’t mean to hurt her.” She hoped Principal Hubbard would be satisfied with her answer. Laylah ignored Britta’s frantic look. She kept her eyes lowered, but felt Principal Hubbard’s measuring stare.
“I see.” He rustled some papers on his desk. “Miss Le Croix, I will let you off with a warning. Next time this happens, you will be expelled. As it is, I’ve called your father and explained the situation to him.”
Horrified, Laylah surged to her feet. “No! Please, sir! You can’t do that!” Laylah knew she was panicking, but she didn’t care. If Father had heard…she could kiss her freedom good-bye forever.
“Sit down, Miss Le Croix, and compose yourself! Honestly, the nerve of teenagers today. Your father is sending someone to pick you up in ten minutes. Miss Newsome, you may walk Miss Le Croix to her pick-up spot. Dismissed!”
Numbly, Laylah allowed Britta to drag her out of the principal’s office and to their lockers.
“Whew, that was rough!” Britta suddenly hugged her. “Laylah? You’re pale! It’s not that bad. I know your dad’s not the best in the world, but surely he won’t ground you for standing up for yourself.”
“Yes, he would,” Laylah muttered, too upset with Principal Hubbard for calling her father. She would not cry. She had to be strong. Laylah opened her locker and put her homework in her bag.
“Chica, would it help if I told your dad what I saw happen?” 
Britta’s concern unleashed Laylah's pent up tears and Laylah flung herself into her friend’s arm and sobbed loudly. She barely heard Britta’s “you’re safe, it’s okay Laylah.” 
“Come on, Amiga, we’d better get you to Jacques.”
Laylah’s sobs had slowed and she sniffled. “How do you know it’s Jacques?” She stepped back and put her backpack on.
“He’s the one who always picks you up,” Britta calmly pointed out and slid her hand into Laylah’s, squeezing it in encouragement.
Laylah let herself be led outside. She was already envisioning her father’s reaction. It was making her positively ill. Laylah had a feeling that the rest of her day was going to be miserable.

Chapter 45

Henry’s rage was still simmering. He’d had a whole night and day to ponder Wednesday’s events. As Boris drove the limo toward the Invarnash mansion, Henry sat in the back seat and contemplated his most pressing problem — Donil Silentshadow. The younger man was a thorn in his side that refused to go away. He was not going to allow the Panther Alpha access to Laylah. Henry had too much riding on keeping Laylah ignorant and pure.
“We’re here, my Alpha, and Jacques is waiting on the steps.”
“Boris, call in the other Betas. We have a hunt to plan.”
Boris chuckled, stepped out, and opened Henry's door.
Henry got out, saw Jacques’ face, and smirked. His Invarnash Beta was not happy. Henry could see the tension in the other man’s body. Jacques was concerned as well he should be. 
Henry went up the marble steps and brushed by Jacques, ignoring his greeting. He headed for his study and obediently Jacques followed. Once inside, Henry set to work tapping some keys and staring at the display. Before him sat his Beta, but he did not acknowledge Jacques. 
After a moment Henry glanced up. “Jacques, go to Citrus Academy and pick up Laylah. The principal left a message saying that it was urgent someone come get her.”
Jacques’ eyes narrowed and he ground out, “Yes, my Alpha.” Angrily, he stomped from the room as Boris entered.
Henry chuckled. Let Jacques stew. “Boris, what is the ETA of my other Betas?”
“Kenneth and Michael are thirty minutes away.  Byron will be here in fifteen, my Alpha.”
“Good. Go and have Naiya prepare a meal. We have plans to make.”
“Yes, my Alpha.” Boris bowed and left.
Alone for the moment, Henry sat down at his desk and took a photo out of the drawer. Lovingly, he caressed it. “Oh, Helena. Why did you have to go and die? I will avenge you and then, maybe, I can find some peace.” He put the picture away and called up a display of the current tests running at the Ohcale lab. So far, so good. This time Henry would succeed, and there would be no Zina to stop him.

~***~

Laylah sat on the bench at the pick-up spot and brooded. Next to her, Britta remained quiet, giving her space to think. 
“I should have laid there,” Laylah blurted out, her hand going to her braid. She tugged it hard and chewed on her bottom lip. She could see her hope of going to the party vanishing rapidly. She knew what her father would list as reasons for her not attending. 
Father would cite public smearing of the family name and her failure to mind her own business. Even though Violet started the fight, he wouldn’t care or see it that way. And the biggest excuse would be that Laylah had interrupted Father's day and probably one of his precious experiments. 
Laylah jumped when Britta touched her. She was surprised to feel tears on her cheeks again. When had she started crying? She was such a wimp! 
“Hey now, Chica, chin up. No tears, you hear me? No matter what your father says, I’m proud of you. And Donil will be too, when he hears about it.” 
Laylah gave a small laugh. “That’s right, he will, won’t he? He believes in me like you do, Britta.” She hugged her friend, afraid to let go. Deep in her heart, fear rested. Unsure why, Laylah chose to ignore it. 
“Look, it’s Jacques!” Britta stood and pointed toward the road as the limo came into view. 
Laylah rose. She watched Jacques stop the limo and get out. She gave a glad cry and ran to him wanting comfort. 
“No!” He stopped her before she could hug him. “You are in trouble, young lady. Your father is home and not pleased with the call from the academy.” 
“Jacques, I can explain!” 
“No more excuses! Get in the car before I toss you in.” 
“You wouldn’t dare!” Laylah hissed and edged closer to Britta, who had hurried over holding Laylah’s backpack in her right hand. 
“Mr. Lyser, the other girls jumped her. It’s not Laylah’s fault!” 
“I noticed.” Pointedly he stared at Laylah’s bruised face. “Now…get…in!” 
Laylah gulped and dropped her gaze at Jacques’ annoyed expression. “I’m so screwed,” she whispered. 
“Laylah, get in the car now!” Jacques snarled. 
Not wishing to test Jacques' patience any farther, Laylah grabbed her backpack from Britta’s hand, gave her friend a hopeless look and climbed inside. She winced when Jacques slammed the door. He got in the driver’s seat and Laylah turned to look at Britta through the window. Her friend’s concern almost made her cry, but bravely Laylah waved as the limo pulled away. 
The ride home felt like an eternity, and all too soon they pulled into the mansion’s driveway. When Jacques opened her door, Laylah hesitantly stepped out and touched his hand. “Jacques?” 
He jerked his hand away and snapped, “Get in the house, Laylah!” 
Hurt by his brush-off, she ran up the steps and inside. Laylah came to an abrupt stop at the sight of her father in the middle of the foyer. His gaze was cold, and that cruel grin always meant harsh punishments. She heartily wished she’d never hit Violet. 
“Laylah, so glad you could come home to see me," her father drawled. 
She shivered at the menace in Father's tone. She started to respond, but decided against it when she saw her father’s associates Kenneth, Bryon, Boris, and Michael walking into the room. Naiya emerged from the kitchen with a grim look. 
Laylah was baffled and she froze, too scared to move. She felt trapped and the feeling increased when Jacques came and stood a foot behind her. She almost started hyperventilating. This was the way she’d felt when the Weres chased her two months ago. She didn’t like it then and she didn’t like it now. 
“You know, Laylah, many people would kill to be you. Nice home, staff that cater to your needs and a rich parent to give you all the money you could want. Most people would be grateful. But not you, Laylah. You seem to delight in destroying this precious life.” 
“Father, that’s not true! I do appreciate it all!” 
“Hmm, you have a funny way of showing it. I have very few rules that I expect to be obeyed. I do it out of concern for your well-being. And what do you do? You throw it back in my face by disobeying me.” 
“Father! I....” Laylah stammered and fell silent at his glare. 
“You will be quiet, Daughter! I want you here, front and center!” 
Reluctantly she moved to the spot he pointed to, which put Laylah an arm’s length away from him. 
“Let’s review your latest lapses in judgment starting with Donil Silentshadow.” 
Laylah focused on her father, confused by the rage behind his calmly spoken words. “Father?” 
“Quiet!” Jacques growled. 
Father continued, ignoring her attempt to interrupt. “You were told to stay away from that boy for a reason. Yet what do I find? You hanging out with him in public for the whole world to see!” 
“Father, that’s not what happened! Please, let me explain.” 
“No! No explanations. All you do is lie to escape punishment. And you will be punished. I do not, and will not, tolerate defiance, Laylah!” 
“You don’t tolerate anything,” she mumbled. 
Henry’s eyes narrowed. “What did you just say?” He stepped closer. 
Fear hit her as she realized her mistake. “I didn’t say anything!” 
“See, my daughter, you’re lying right now.  Another mark against you. You are forbidden from speaking with Donil and that is final.” 
“But!” 
“Furthermore, if you defy me on this matter, you will experience firsthand what a beating is. I have been lenient with you for far too long. That ends now. About your fight at lunch today. I’m extremely disappointed that you did not win. Really, Laylah, your Le Croix blood must be rather thin if you can’t stop one girl from hitting you.” Her father shot her a look of disgust. 
Laylah stiffened, her green eyes wide as she stared at him. 
“Well? What do you have to say for yourself, Daughter?” 
“What does it matter? You don’t care, Father! You’ve already tried and convicted me. You shouldn’t have even bothered coming here. Do what you always do, and ground me! I have homework to finish.” 
Naiya gasped, Jacques appeared stunned and the other men growled disapprovingly. Laylah was amazed at her own boldness, but didn’t get to contemplate her loss of control. Her father’s hand lashed out and backhanded her. She yelped, stumbled and would have run, but Father snagged her arm and jerked hard. She was forced forward as Father pulled her to him. His left hand grabbed her chin in a bruising grip and he made her look up. 
“You dare to sass me?” 
Sheer terror kept her from replying. The rage in her father's eyes convinced Laylah that he might hurt her worse. She lowered her gaze. 
“I asked you a question, Daughter.” 
Father squeezed and the pain made her whimper. “You’re hurting me!” 
“Answer the question!” 
“Sir, I did not mean...I’m sorry for back talking! Please let me go! You’re hurting me!” Laylah cried softly, but the pressure from her father’s fingers only increased until it felt like her jaw would break! 
“Henry, sir, she’s sorry for her behavior. You need to release her.” Jacques put a hand on her father's shoulder. 
Father slowly let go and stepped back. “Go to your room and stay out of my sight. You’re grounded and that includes no comm calls either!” 
Laylah knew when she was defeated. “Yes, Father,” she meekly replied. Tugging on her braid, she spun around and ran upstairs to her bedroom.
A quiet settled over the room after her departure. Henry growled, “Get your hand off me, Beta. I blame you for this mess, Jacques. If you can’t do a proper job of keeping her away from Donil, maybe you need to be replaced.”
Jacques moved his hand from Henry’s shoulder and stepped back. “That would be unwise, my Alpha.”
Henry felt a feral smile form. Now he'd see were his old friend's allegiance lay. “Is that so?”
“Yes, my Alpha. Laylah is almost an adult by human standards. She chafes at all the restrictions. She doesn’t understand the logic behind them and questions your motives. Laylah is intelligent and curious. Punishing her for the feline half of her nature is like telling a mountain to turn into a river. Hitting her only makes things worse. No one, least of all Weres, likes to be controlled. Your daughter is no exception. It is your prerogative if you wish to replace me, but think how much trouble Laylah will give you if I'm gone.”
Henry hated it when Jacques was right. “Make sure she stays in her room except for school tomorrow. When she comes home, keep her confined to the house.”
Jacques bowed. “Yes, my Alpha.”
“Come, my Betas, we have things to discuss.” Putting thoughts of his daughter aside, Henry walked to his study. He had a she-wolf to destroy. 

Chapter 46

Britta moodily paced in her room. She had tried calling Laylah’s e-comm and each time Jacques answered and said Laylah was busy. She didn’t buy that excuse. Laylah never missed a call from her. Their friendship had endured ten years so far and Laylah was predictable in her habits. No, something was going on.
It was early evening and the Newsome house was buzzing with last minute preparations for Friday night’s party. Britta decided to try again. Maybe this time Jacques would let her speak to Laylah.
She put on her ear comm and impatiently waited for the call to connect. Britta wasn’t surprised when Jacques answered. “Mr. Jacques, before you give me the same tired excuse, I want to say I only need one minute with her. Please? I need to hear her voice and know she’s all right.” She heard him sigh.
“Britta, Laylah’s grounded. She’s lost all privileges. You’ll have to wait until tomorrow at school to speak to her. Good evening, Miss Newsome.”
“Wait! Drat it all!” She shouted in frustration. Jacques had terminated the call. “I can’t believe he hung up on me!” She resumed pacing. “I know! I’ll get Donil to help her. I will not have my best friend miss my party.” 
Grinning, Britta placed the call. Donil answered immediately and sounded distracted.
“Hello? Britta?”
“Yes, Donil, it’s me. What are you doing? Got a minute?”
“For you, Britta, always. What’s up?”
“It’s Laylah. She got in a fight today at school and the principal sent her home. I’ve tried calling several times and Jacques won’t let me speak to her. He told me she’s grounded. At this rate, Laylah won’t be able to come to my party. I was hoping maybe you can find someone to sneak her out and get her here tomorrow night.”
Donil was quiet for so long Britta thought he’d disconnected. She wasn’t prepared for the fury in his tone when he did respond.
“She got in a fight today? When? And with whom, Britta?”
“At lunch. Violet is a bully who torments Laylah every day, but today she beat up Laylah. I tried to help, but couldn't get to Laylah.”
“I see. Of course Henry would punish Laylah,” Donil growled.
“I know. He’s such a jerk! I can’t wait for her to turn eighteen.”
“Britta, I hate to cut you off, but I have to go. Don’t worry. I promise Laylah will be at your party tomorrow.”
Britta grinned. “I knew I could count on you. Buenas noches, Donil!”
He chuckled and hung up. Now she could rest. Donil never broke a promise. 
~***~

Jacques was in a foul mood. He laid the blame squarely at Henry’s feet. His Alpha’s arrival had upset everyone. 
As usual, Henry was more intent on punishing Laylah for things beyond her control. Jacques had to admit that he was shocked when Henry had backhanded Laylah. As far back as he could recall, Henry had never resorted to such an overtly aggressive response to one of Laylah’s perceived acts of disobedience. 
It was new, puzzling, and a cause for concern. Jacques stared at the security screens. He felt like a coward hiding out in the security room. 
“I shouldn’t have yelled at her. She only wanted to hug me.” Ashamed and angry at his tumultuous emotions, Jacques quickly left the office and headed for the forest. He needed to run and clear his head. 
Jacques shifted into his black wolf form and raced into the woods. Tonight a full moon hung in the starry sky. Happiness welled up in his soul and he howled his joy. He quickened his pace and continued to give voice to his most primal feelings.
Jacques heard forest creatures scatter from his path. Any other time he would have hunted, but tonight’s agenda was to feel less guilty about not interceding on Laylah’s behalf. Maybe she did need better protection than a stupid old man that couldn’t stand up for her. It galled Jacques to think that way, but perhaps it was the truth.
::I always seem to catch you at bad moments.::
::Stefan! Why are you talking to me? You know the rules!:: 
::Forget the rules, Jacques. My insider says Zina will make another grab at Laylah really soon. No date or location yet though. You need to be ready, not distracted.::
::Vague as usual. Laylah is safe and happy. Besides, the role of doting uncle doesn’t suit you. You have nothing to worry about, Stefan.::
::I seriously doubt that, Jacques. Maybe your eyesight is going bad, because the last time I checked, a large bruise, scrapes and an aching body does not make a person safe or happy.::
Jacques stopped in the middle of the clearing, sides heaving after his hard run. ::What do you want, Stefan?::
::I’m trying to understand why it’s so hard for you to keep my niece safe. Laylah gets beaten up and, instead of comfort, you give her the cold shoulder. Oh, how the self-righteous have fallen. You claim to be a protector, but you’re failing miserably. I hope you can sleep at night knowing that she’s suffering, Jacques..::
::Shut up! Just shut up! If you bother me again, I will tell Henry and you’ll have something bigger to worry about than Laylah’s social life.:: Jacques knew he sounded peevish, but he didn’t care. Stefan’s words had pricked his conscience.
::I see how it is then. Well, when it all goes to hell, don’t say I didn’t warn you. You once were the best, Jacques. Too bad Henry’s destroyed that part of you.::
Jacques growled, but it was pointless. Stefan’s mental touch was gone. He threw back his head and gave a hair-raising mournful howl of self-recrimination before resuming his run from his inner demons.

Chapter 47

Laylah lay in bed and stared at the ceiling. She’d gotten only a few hours of sleep, not that it mattered. Her father’s words kept replaying in her head. He had called her a failure and a liar. Laylah hated him for his harsh words. The slap had shocked her to the core. What hurt most was Jacques and Naiya allowing it. She didn’t understand why. She thought they were on her side.
She flung her arm across her face to cover her eyes from the dawn light that peeked through her balcony doors. “Britta will be mad if I miss her party. My luck’s always bad,” Laylah grumbled. She heard a knock on the door.
Laylah didn’t bother responding. It would be Naiya on the other side. Laylah decided that it was time to give both Naiya and Jacques the silent treatment. She would show them that she had feelings, too!
“Good morning, Laylah.” Naiya waltzed in with a smile as she turned on the lights. “Get dressed and come eat.” She stopped at the foot of the bed and stared pointedly at Laylah.
Laylah unblinkingly regarded her caretaker. She was not going to move until she was ready. Secure in her plan, Laylah didn’t budge from her spot. She also ignored Naiya’s irritated glare.
“I see. Don’t take too long. Your food will get cold if you do, Laylah.”
Laylah waited until Naiya left before getting dressed. She made sure to take a long time, which meant skipping breakfast, but she would live. Laylah left her room and saw Jacques waiting at the bottom of the stairs.
“Come on or you’ll be late,” Jacques growled.
Laylah went past Jacques to the front door and found her way blocked by her father. She froze. There was that air about him like yesterday. Laylah didn’t want Father to hit her again so she remained silent. 
“Your refusal to speak reinforces my low opinion of you, Daughter. Such childishness is improper behavior for a Le Croix. I will be extending the amount of time you are grounded. Perhaps that will correct this attitude of yours. I expect you to be at the appropriate pick-up spot this afternoon. There shall be no complications. And if you do get into another fight with a classmate, have the decency to win.”
Laylah gritted her teeth at his cruelty. “Yes, Sir.”
Her father stepped aside and she ran out the door, wanting only to get away from his stifling presence. Sullenly, Laylah got in the limo and during the drive she wondered how Britta would take the news of her being forced to miss the party. 
Laylah’s thoughts were going everywhere as she hurried inside the academy. Britta pounced on her and looped her arm through Laylah’s.
“Britta, I have to tell you...”
“Not now, Laylah. We have to talk, during lunch. Make sure to go to the music room at that time and I’ll explain.”
“Britta!”
“Later, mi amiga!” Britta waved and got lost in the flow of changing classes.
Laylah stood there, unsure how to react. When a passing boy bumped into her, she hurried to her first period class. Laylah fretted all morning and was distracted to the point of not hearing any lectures. Her first two professors ignored her lack of attention. Mr. Mozar, however, was not amused.
“…and so our ancestors wanted to avoid repeating mistakes of the past and instituted the Accords of 2130. Miss Le Croix!”
“Huh?” Laylah blinked and focused on the irate history professor standing next to her desk.
“Miss Le Croix, pray tell what were you doing just now?”
Frantically Laylah thought of a plausible excuse. “What I was doing just now, was, uh, trying to, uh, pay attention because my face hurts!” Laylah blushed at the laughter her words produced.
Mozar’s expression softened for a second and she thought he might let everything slide. His next words lay that hope to rest.
“Miss Le Croix, blaming inattentiveness on surface pain does not impress me. What will impress me is the five-page essay you will hand in on Monday discussing the topic of the Human-Were War of 2150. Understood?”
“Yes, sir.” Laylah slumped in her seat and stared at her desk.
“Good. Now, let’s continue with the lecture on the Accords of 2130.”
Laylah glared at Mr. Mozar’s back as he moved away from her desk. She took notes for the rest of class and headed to the music room after the bell rang. Along the way, smells from the cafeteria made her waver, but curiosity won and five minutes later she knocked on the music room door.
Britta flung it open and yanked her inside. Laylah stumbled and Britta caught her.
“Whew! Thanks!” Laylah straightened and faced her friend. “Okay, what is going on? Why all the secrecy? Besides, we never miss lunch. Ever.”
Britta laughed. “Are you that eager for a rematch with Violet?”
“No! It’s…never mind.” Laylah squirmed under her friend’s sudden scrutiny. “What? Look, I have to tell you something before I lose my nerve. Please don’t…”
“Be mad because you're grounded and can’t come to my party?” Britta interrupted.
“Wait! How did you…I mean…”
“Oh, I figured as much when Jacques wouldn’t let me speak to you last night. So, I made a backup plan.”
Laylah eyed Britta suspiciously. “Backup plan? Now, hold on a minute! You know how it is at home. Once Jacques gets me and takes me there, I’ll be locked in my room. The only other way out of my room is the balcony. Unless you can grow me a pair of wings, I’m stuck in there!”
Britta took her hand and patted it. “Calm down before you hyperventilate, Amiga. I said I had a plan. Hey, Chicos! Come on in!”
“Chicos?” Laylah pulled away and stared at the side door that opened. In strolled Donil and three other men she didn’t recognize. Her gaze however, returned to Donil. Her heart was racing and she smiled shyly in Donil's direction. “Hello.” She was afraid if she said more her words wouldn’t come out right.
“Donil, you didn’t lie when you said she was a beauty!”
Laylah blushed and noticed the speaker was slightly shorter than Donil and broad-shouldered. His brown hair was pulled back in a ponytail.
“Matt, stop teasing her,” Donil growled. 
Donil came to Laylah and halted a few feet away. His focus was fully on her. Any other time Laylah would be terrified, but she felt only respect from Donil. He did not impose his will on her. He always gave her time to think.
“You have to excuse my cousin, Laylah. He thinks he’s a comedian.”
“I don’t think, I know I am. Besides, you’d be a stick in the mud if I didn’t liven things up.” Matt stuck his hand out. “Pleased to meet you, Laylah.”
Laylah took his hand and was surprised by Matt's gentle grip. They shook hands and Matt stepped back.
“This is Benji,” Donil pointed to the lanky young man to his left and then to the man next to him. “And that's Leo, his brother. They are friends of mine who can’t resist a damsel in distress.”
“Stop it, Donil. You four are going to frighten her into not going along with the plan,” Britta scolded and draped an arm across Laylah’s shoulders.
“Britta, Laylah’s not scared, at least not of us. I want to know, do you trust me, Laylah?”
Laylah peered into Donil’s face and saw friendly concern and honesty in his blue eyes. She gulped and wavered between ingrained obedience to her father’s edicts and the urge to rebel.
“Laylah, you’re almost eighteen. You’ve never had fun with your peers or even gone to the mall by yourself. Don’t you think it’s time you worried about Laylah and live a little?” Donil urged.
“Yes, Donil.” Laylah found herself suddenly held in his strong arms. She desperately wanted his approval as much as she wanted to go to the party. Getting a hug from him was a bonus. Laylah snuggled closer, enjoying his body’s warmth. “Yes, I want to live!”
“Then live you shall. I’m going to come and get you. You have to be ready. My friends will cause a distraction so that we can sneak in and get you out. I promise, once we get you away and to the party, you’ll have fun.”
“I hope so.” Laylah was nervous about the plan but she trusted Donil. She hugged him and felt his arms squeeze her reassuringly.
Britta clapped her hands in glee. “It’s settled then. Laylah, I got the perfect dress for you and I’ll give it to you before you go home. My party starts at 7:30 so Donil and his boys will be at your house around 6:15. Understand?”
Laylah stepped away from Donil and looked at Britta. “Yes, I understand.”
“You two better get going. Lunch is almost over and we have to get ready for tonight. 6:15, Laylah, don’t forget,” Donil warned.
“I won’t. Thank you. All of you.” Laylah felt herself tearing up. “Come on, Britta, before I do something silly like cry.” Laylah gave Donil a last bashful smile and headed for the door.
Britta chuckled and followed her from the music room.

Chapter 48

Drayden jogged down the corridor leading to the Council's chamber. He hadn’t agreed with the Council’s decision to disregard Stefan’s warnings. So he took it upon himself to do some recon and intel gathering. And now he was rushing to inform his Uncle Javier and Alpha Isabella of his findings. Maybe his news would get them moving. 
They needed to put down that rabid wolf, Zina, before she destroyed them all. And when this was all over, Drayden would apologize to Stefan for not insisting that the Council do something when it could have done some good.
He didn’t wait to be announced. Drayden ignored the whispers as he went to the foot of the dais and kneeled. “My lady.”
“Drayden, my dear, dear, Little Bear. You are the last one I would have thought would break custom. What has got your fur in a twist?” Isabella’s expression was one of boredom.
Drayden tamped down the impulse to snarl. “I bring urgent news about Zina and her army.”
“Yes, yes. We know. She always starts one. Most Weres steer clear of her propaganda. Zina has, what, about 200 blindly following her?” Isabella’s crystalline laugh filled the air and others joined in.
“No, my lady. Not 200. Try 2,000 and growing.”
Shocked silence greeted Drayden's words, and the stares of those assembled bore into him. “It was decided to ignore Omega Stefan's warnings. Lucky for us his lack of faith in this Council’s helped gain information. In exchange all we must do is protect his niece Laylah. 
“I see.” Anger laced Isabella’s tone.
Drayden hadn’t seen her like this in over a decade. Last time she’d been this mad, Isabella had ordered several executions. Drayden didn’t relish a repeat of that night. “What are my lady’s orders?”
“Have General Nancer prepare for a stealth attack. Alert the Captains to have the troops ready. Find out from Stefan the location of Zina’s army. I want no surprises, only results.”
“And Zina?”
“She is Outcast and has violated our laws. No mercy this time.”
“One last thing, my lady. Shall I notify Alphas Le Croix and Silentshadow of our strategy?”
“No. I think it’s time we reminded all Weres of the Council’s power.”
“As the Council wills it.” Drayden bowed low and left. Once outside, he activated his ear comm. He would warn Stefan, but no one else. He owed his old friend that much.

~***~

The last bell rang and the rowdy students filed out. It was Friday and there was fun to be had at night. For the first time, Laylah felt a part of that frenzied energy. She, too, would have some fun. No more Father, Jacques, or Naiya holding her back. Freedom; the very thought made her grin with relish. She waved at Britta who waited by their lockers. 
“Hey! Look, before I go home, I want to say sorry for being such a wimp. You’re right about standing up for myself. I think a new me is in order.”
Britta chuckled. “Sounds good, Chica. One thing at a time, though. Here.” She pushed a bag into Laylah’s hand. “Your outfit for tonight is in there. Make sure you’re dressed and ready by 6:00. Remember, they will come for you at 6:15.”
“I won’t forget. I’m so nervous!” Laylah tugged her braid hard. “I need to go, but I’ll see you tonight.”
“Will do, Chica. Trust me, you won’t regret it. You’ll have fun and prove to your father that you are able to have a life.”
Laylah laughed and hurried outside where Jacques impatiently waited. “Hi, Jacques!” She got inside the limo and missed his sharp glance in her direction.
The ride home went by fast. Laylah tried to calm down. If she came home too happy, Father would be suspicious. Laylah saw the mansion and, with some effort, managed to school her features into one of sulking. She scowled at Jacques. “Back to jail,” she muttered and slipped by him.
So far, so good. Now, if Father had left, it’d be perfect. Laylah went inside and frowned when she spotted Byron. He towered over her at 6’6” and his glower always intimidated her. “Mr. Byron?”
“Miss Le Croix, your father has left instructions that are to be followed without resistance or deviation by you.”
“Oh?” Laylah was surprised.
“You are to be confined to your room for the entire weekend. You will have meals served in there. There will be no eating with the staff.”
“What! You’re joking, right?”
“No, those are Mr. Le Croix’s orders.”
“But!”
“You are also not allowed any calling privileges or visitors.”
“Fine! Not that this is any different from all the other times he puts me in my cell!” Laylah didn’t have to feign being upset. Livid, she stormed past the impassive Bryon and went immediately to her room.
She made sure to slam the door. Laylah hated her father! He didn’t care at all about what she wanted. Any lingering guilt she might have felt about sneaking out to the party evaporated in the face of her pique. She’d show him that she didn’t need protecting.
It was 4:45. Laylah had a little over an hour to get ready. She decided to take a shower first and put her outfit on at the last possible second. Finally calm, she set about getting ready for the party.

~***~

The sun had set and the approaching darkness of the night crept across the land. The night creatures were out, their noises filling the air. Hiding in the bushes watching the Le Croix mansion was Benji Cattrall and his brother Leo.
“Man, I can’t believe we’re doing this,” Benji whispered.
“Hey, we both owe Donil for saving our butts from jail time,” Leo retorted. He ran his fingers through his spiked brown hair as he studied the patrolling enforcers.
“Well, better get moving.” Leo belly-crawled toward the storage shed. Causing a ruckus was a favorite pastime of his. And sticking it to an Alpha of Henry’s caliber would be a great testimony to his ingenuity. His brother Benji wasn’t as enthused about such antics, but, like always, watched Leo’s back. 
Leo stood, his body obscured from the house occupants by the rather large shed. With a nod to his brother, he dropped to a crouch and scurried toward the mansion. He looked at the time and grinned. He gave an ear-piercing whistle and watched as Benji shifted into his lion form.
Benji opened his mouth and roared a challenge.  He waited a moment and did it again. Lights flooded the yard and male voices filled the air as the sound of running was heard.
Leo laughed quietly as he watched the Le Croix wolves rush outside to take on the intruder. He slipped inside and froze when he caught sight of the older woman who blocked his path. “Look, I don’t want any trouble. I came to get Laylah for tonight’s party.”
“Come with me. I’m Naiya.”
“I’m Leo. Can I ask why you’re helping me spring her?”
“Because Laylah deserves happiness and she’s never going to get that here. Make sure you keep her safe. And tell Donil he owes me.”
“Will do, Naiya.” Leo followed her into the giant foyer and stared at the grand staircase. They hurried up and stopped outside an oak door. Impatiently he waited as Naiya unlocked the door. Leo went by his guide and paused when he got a good look at Laylah. 
Gone was the shy mouse of a girl. Instead, a sexy red-haired vixen in a black slinky dress with black leather stiletto boots stood by the bed. Her long curly hair cascaded down her shoulders. “Wow! Dang, girl, you look hot!”
Laylah blushed and Leo grinned. Donil was one lucky cat!
“Put your eyes back in your head, Boy, and get going. Jacques and the rest of the men will be coming back soon.”
“Right. Well, Naiya, much thanks.” Leo kissed the older woman’s hand and watched her blush. He captured Laylah’s wrist and gently tugged to get her moving.
With Laylah in tow, Leo quickly ran down the stairs and out the front door where Donil had pulled up in his truck. Leo helped Laylah in and slid in beside her. “Benji’s already at the hilltop where you first met your girlfriend. Let’s go. He’ll meet us by the highway,” Leo informed his friend.
Donil chuckled and sped out of the Le Croix driveway. Leo waited until they were on the main road before speaking. “Now this was way cool! I haven’t had this much fun in ages!
Donil rolled his eyes and Leo laughed. “Admit it, Donil. This was fun.”
“All right, a little fun. But it was worth it.”
Leo snickered when he saw Laylah and Donil gaze at each other. 
::Hey, not that I don’t think you two making lovey dovey eyes at each other isn’t cute, but, Donil, you need to slow down so Benji can jump in.:: Leo had the satisfaction of seeing Donil blush.
Donil shifted to a lower gear and moved the truck closer to the edge of the road. Benji sprinted from the trees and leaped into the truck bed. He thumped the roof.
Startled, Laylah yelped, “Where did he come from?”
Leo gave Donil a sharp glance before answering their nervous passenger. “Benji is a nature lover. He also helped distract your jailers.”
“Oh!” Laylah turned around to look at the new arrival. “Thank you.”
“Yep, Donil, she’s a keeper!” Leo winked and grinned when Laylah blushed.
“Hush, Leo. We’ve got a party to go to.”
Leo threw back his head and howled in laughter. “Yes, we do. So put a rush on!”
Donil obliged and they traveled the rest of the way talking about their childhood to keep Laylah relaxed and happy.

Chapter 49

Mya studied her reflection in the mirror. Her hair was swept up into a simple French twist. And her strapless gown…it was one that would definitely make the males notice. Vibrant red, with slits on both sides that reached mid-thigh. The corset underneath helped push up her breasts, a nice distraction for the boys in attendance.
“Rather appropriate that I wear red. Reminds me of the blood spilled because of that girl.” She ran her hands down her hips. Red high heels and ruby earrings rounded out her ensemble. 
“Show time.” Mya opened the bathroom door and was bombarded by the dull roar of the party-goers The blaring, bass-thumping music produced an instant headache that she ignored. She needed to be focused. Otherwise, the plan would fail and she'd have to hide from that she-bitch Zina. Plastering a smile on her face, Mya expertly wove her way through the dancing guests that blocked her path.
She ignored the catcalls of some boys by the bar. Stupid humans, as if she would give any of them the time of day. Except maybe lunchtime. Mya snickered at that thought. She spotted Britta in a corner kissing some guy and went in that direction. 
As she got closer to the couple’s spot, she caught a whiff of the boy and came to an abrupt stop. Britta was dating a Were? And unless her sense of smell was off, that male was from a Rhino family. Why was one of his kind here in the New Florida Territory? Her contemplation of this unexpected player was broken by Britta, who squealed a greeting and abandoned her amused boyfriend to give Mya a giant hug.
“I’d wondered if you’d show!”
Mya shrugged. “You know me. Always unpredictable.”
Britta chuckled. “Too true. Look, go have some fun, Mya. And please, don’t glower. You might scare off some of my guests.”
Mya snickered at Britta’s innocent expression. “I’ll do my best, Britta.”
“Thanks! Now I have to get back to my boy. He’s always so lost without me. Oh, if you see Laylah and Donil, can you please send them to me?”
“Yes, of course.”
“Great! You’re a lifesaver. Thanks, Mya.”
Mya sighed, moved away from the cuddling couple and debated on leaving. She caught her brother’s scent as well as Laylah’s unique odor. She bit back an incensed growl. She couldn't believe her brother actually went and got Laylah! Stupid male! Stupid, stupid, stupid, Donil!
“Mya! There you are! I wasn’t sure if you were coming.” Donil walked over to her, a huge smile on his face.
For one moment, Mya felt guilt for what was about to happen. But when she saw Donil’s hand firmly holding Laylah’s, her ire sparked. She fought for civility. She couldn’t afford for her brother to realize something was up. 
“Donil. Laylah.” Saying the teenager’s name left a rancid taste in Mya's mouth.
“Mya, are you all right? You look upset.” Donil reached for her arm.
She jerked it away. “I’m fine, Big Brother. I'm not into the teen scene.”
He laughed. “Britta invited everyone age sixteen and up. Quite a few in here are in their early twenties, too. In fact, I see a couple of guys over there watching you.”
Mya nonchalantly glanced around and almost gave herself away when she spotted the two Weres Zina had sent to the party. She knew Donil wouldn’t recognize them since they were not from the New Florida area. She gave a small wave that was the prearranged signal to mark the prey. 
“You know, you’re right. I think I should go mingle. You two have fun.” She was only too glad to get away from her brother and his Le Croix pet. She took her time going to the two contacts, Eric and Glenn, who indolently lounged against a wall, looking bored. 
“All right, boys, show time.” Mya giggled at their hungry looks. Yes, Laylah didn’t stand a chance. “Remember, if my brother interferes, no harm comes to him.”
“We know, Mya. Gerard and Alexis are in the nearby woods waiting with the rest of the gang.”
“Good. I‘ll create the diversion in ten minutes. Until then, behave.” Certain that they would do as she ordered, she left the dance hall and went in search of the circuit breaker.

~***~

Laylah couldn’t seem to stop blushing. Ever since they had arrived, the covert glances Donil was giving her made her feel really warm and very shy. The way he looked at her made her think of how a starving animal stared at food. It unsettled and intrigued her. No boy had ever made her experience this many conflicting emotions. 
“Come, Beautiful, let’s dance.” Donil gestured to the dance floor.
“Dance?” she squeaked and took a step backward. “Donil, I don’t know how. This isn’t a good idea. I’ll only embarrass you.”
“Embarrass me? I doubt that. Besides, dancing is easy. I’ll lead and you follow. You want to know what the key is?”
“Yes!”
“Being relaxed. Don’t worry whether or not you’re any good. And don’t let the stares of people get to you. Remember, I’m here, and tonight is a night for fun.”
He winked and she nervously giggled. “I’ll try,” she whispered, automatically dropping her head.
“Hey now, none of that!” He placed two fingers under her chin and gently tilted her face up. “You deserve to be here. You have nothing to be ashamed of.”
“Donil.” She stared at him, surprised once again by his caring. She was falling in love, but did he really feel the same way? What if he didn't? What if his niceness was as a favor to Britta? Her last thought made her stumble. 
Donil easily caught her and peered into her eyes. Laylah glanced away embarrassed that she had not paid attention to her dancing. “I’m sorry.”
“It’s all right, Beautiful. No harm, no foul.”
“You’re wrong. I keep screwing up. I mean, what does it say about a person when their only parent hates them? When that parent would rather slam punishments after punishments on a kid because they can?” Laylah felt a tear run down her cheek. She felt so lost. More tears fell and she didn’t notice Donil dance them closer to a wall and away from the crowd.
“Laylah, please don’t cry. Your father is an idiot. You’re beautiful, smart, funny and a great friend. Don’t let his opinions and expectations warp that kind, caring person I know you to be.”
His earnest gaze and honest words were too much to bear. She mumbled some excuse before pulling free from his arms. Laylah didn’t stop when he called her name. She needed air and to think about things!
“Laylah! Hey, Amiga, over here!”
Laylah caught sight of her friend weaving through the crowd. Oh, no, she couldn't deal with Britta's energy, endless questions or perceptiveness. In desperation, she glanced about and spotted the doors leading outside. She ducked behind a group of giggling girls and slipped out into the cool night air. She stared at the beautiful gazebo and admired the cobblestone pathway leading to it. Laylah wanted to be alone to collect her thoughts and calm her fears. 
“I’ll just sit for a minute.” She started down the path to the gazebo.

Chapter 50

Jacques stared at the security footage in growing disbelief and rage. He thought he’d recognized the lion that he and the enforcers had chased. Leo and Benji Cattrall were well-known for their trickster ways. Why had they come to the Invarnash property? It made no sense.
“I need some air.” He paused the vid playback, left the security building and headed to the kitchen. He was hungry and that was affecting his thinking. Jacques wasn’t surprised to see Naiya in the kitchen at night. It was only 8:15 and that meant she was making snacks for Laylah. What was suspicious was her cheerful humming. She hadn’t been in a good mood since Thaniel was killed two months ago.
“Naiya, is everything all right?” He studied her body language, trying to discern the change in her behavior.
She gave him a secretive smile. “It’s all good. Cookie?” Naiya held out a plate filled with butter nut cookies.
“No, thanks. The grounds are secure. Still haven’t figured out why or how our uninvited guests got in, but everything looks good now. I’m going to go check on Laylah, make sure she isn’t worried.”
“You do that.” Naiya giggled and went back to humming as she set down the plate of cookies and headed for the pantry.
Jacques shook his head and went upstairs. He paused outside Laylah’s door. He knew Henry wanted her completely isolated, but he wasn’t going to obey that order. Laylah needed guidance, not punishments. He knocked on the door to announce his presence before unlocking it and pushing it open. Jacques frowned. All the lights were off.
“Laylah, don’t you think it’s a little early for bed?” Jacques sighed when she didn’t answer. “Laylah, I know that you’re angry at me for not standing up for you. I’m sorry, truly I am. Things are…complicated. One day, I know you’ll understand. Your father wants you locked up and Bryon has left for Ohcale. I see no reason why you can’t roam freely inside the house. If your father asks, I’ll say you’ve been obedient and given us no trouble. How does that sound?”
He waited a moment and felt irritation at her continued unresponsiveness. “Laylah, I’m not in the mood for games. And this silent treatment stuff is childish. Laylah?” 
Angrily, Jacques flipped the lights on and marched to her bed. He stared down at the comforter that covered her unmoving form. 
“Laylah, you will answer when I talk to you!” Jacques grabbed the blanket and jerked it backward. He blinked and stared uncomprehendingly down at the bed where the pillows had been arranged in the form of a body.
“No!” With a snarl he spun around and charged into the bathroom. It too was empty. He checked the balcony next. Still no Laylah. Anger gave way to worry. Jacques raced from the room and downstairs. He didn’t want to think that Naiya had harmed Laylah, but the housekeeper’s odd behavior was sending warning vibes to him now.
“Naiya! Naiya!” he stormed into the kitchen with his gun drawn. 
Naiya sat at the table eating a cookie and staring off into space. 
“Where…is…she?” he growled.
Naiya blinked. No longer was her gaze blank. Instead, triumph burned there. “Hello, Jacques. Did you misplace something?” 
Her sweet cordial tone set his teeth on edge. He had to tread carefully. Naiya was unstable and he didn't want to aggravate the situation. 
“Naiya, please, where is Laylah?”
“Wouldn’t you like to know? Guess what? I’m not telling you, Jacques. That child deserves some freedom and if this night is all I can give her, then so be it. I will not let you ruin it for her.”
Relief that Laylah was alive mixed with fury at Naiya’s defiance of their Alpha’s orders. “You do realize that Henry might kill you for this? Are you prepared to die for her, Naiya?”
She gave him a sad smile. “Yes.”
Jacques couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Naiya was being too calm about the situation. He stopped to think why she seemed unafraid and the reason dawned on him.
“This is really about Thaniel, isn’t it?” She grinned and it chilled him to see it. This Naiya he didn’t recognize. “Why use Laylah? Why not take it up with the Council?”
“They are all fools. Besides, you don’t bite the hand that feeds you. Henry is the richest Were and his labs and factories provide jobs. He can’t be touched, at least not that way. But he’s all about appearances and purity. It’d be such a shame if his underage daughter is out partying with Henry’s enemies.”
“Partying? Of course! Britta’s house! You’d better hope she’s okay, Naiya. I leave it up to you whether or not you stay here to face Henry. Right now I have a teenager to bring home.” He marched out of the kitchen, activating his ear comm. He had to let Henry knew what was happening.
His Alpha answered with an irritated growl. “What is it now Jacques? I’m in the middle of dinner.”
“Sir, I regret to inform you that Laylah, with the help of two lions, has managed to escape and has gone to the party.” Furious silence greeted his words and Jacques started to sweat. “I’m leaving now to go get her.”
“I will meet you there. I’m only in Heyendo. I know where Britta’s home is. Tri-Ruler Newsome is a friend of the Council. Since my daughter wishes to make her defiance public, I will assist her in being publicly embarrassed for disregarding my rules.”
“My Alpha, I don’t think...” Jacques cautioned.
“I don’t pay you to think, Jacques, about my dealings with my daughter. I want her detained until I get there.”
“Yes, my Alpha.” Jacques slid into the limo as the call ended. Upset at the night’s events, he drove as fast as he could for the Newsome property.


Chapter 51

Laylah had taken her time walking to the gazebo. Her gaze took in everything. The garden was lit by soft night glows that did not interfere with the moonlight from above. To the left of the gazebo was a small fountain with the figurine of a little girl at its center. The attention to detail was amazing. 
Looming beyond the gazebo and the flower gardens was the forest, surrounded by darkness. She could barely make out the outline of the trees. She was almost to her destination when she heard her name called.
Laylah sighed, turned and was surprised to see Donil’s sister, Mya, jogging toward her. 
“Hi. I saw you come outside and thought you might like some company,” said Mya.
Laylah played with a strand of hair and tried to be polite. “Well, that was nice of you, but I…”
“…would love to sit with you inside the gazebo.” Mya looped her arm through Laylah’s.
Surprised by Mya’s aggressiveness, Laylah allowed the older girl to pull her along. “This really isn’t necessary.”
Mya gave her a hurt expression. “Oh, I see. I’m not good enough to be around because I’m a Silentshadow, right?”
Laylah was wary now and came to a stop, forcing Mya to halt and look at her. “What does your last name have to do with anything? I don’t play the “I think I’m better than you” game. I’ve been on the losing end of that all my life. I didn’t mean to come off as rude. I only wanted to have a few minutes alone, clear my head and relax. I’m not used to such a large crowd.”
Mya put her hands on Laylah’s arms. “Apology, not accepted.”
“Excuse me? Mya, what do you mean?”
“You Le Croix are all the same. You speak with a sweet tongue to weasel your way out of everything when you know you deserve to be punished for your sins.”
Laylah yelped when Mya’s hands tightened into a bruising grip on her arms. “Please! Stop! You’re hurting me!”
“Good! Maybe now you’ll consider the agony I feel every day knowing my father died needlessly saving your worthless life!”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about! Let me go, please!” The pain was too intense and Laylah felt close to fainting.
Mya continued speaking as if Laylah had not interrupted. “Tonight, I’ll make my father proud by getting rid of the abomination!”
“Abomination?” Laylah’s eyes were wide with fear. She could feel it. Something evil was coming.
Mya whistled twice, paused, and whistled a third time. 
Sensing the approaching danger, Laylah struggled to get free, but the other girl only tightened her hold again. 
“Even now you’re being such a nuisance.” Mya gave Laylah a hard shake before calling over her shoulder, “Hurry up, Gerard! We haven’t got all night.”
“Keep your shirt on, Miss Uptight.” 
Gerard stepped from the shadows and Laylah knew she was in big trouble. It was the same man from two months ago. 
“You!” Laylah struggled as disbelief hit her when she glimpsed Mya’s satisfied grin. “But, why? I’ve never done anything to you.”
“Your whole family is filled with liars. And you’re really great users, too. You take, take, and take, until you’re done and then you toss a person aside like last night’s trash. I refuse to let my brother get involved with you people again!”
Again? What did Mya mean? Was she talking about when Donil had rescued her? But he wasn’t hurt then! Only Laylah had been! Besides, Laylah hadn't used him, Donil was already there.
“My dear Mya, I do believe you shocked her into silence. Of course, from what I hear that's easy to do," Gerard sneered. He moved closer and leered at Laylah as he used his forefinger to trace a line from her cheek to her lips. “I do understand the appeal though. Bright green eyes that glow like emeralds. Then there’s that innocence and naiveté — such a turn-on to a man with power. Too bad I can’t sample you, but my boss would gut me if I mark you.” 
Gerard leaned in and kissed Laylah before she could turn her head. “Let’s take our prey home! Alexis.” He waved a large man forward.
“Play time,” the summoned man purred.
Alexis' eyes seemed to glow and Laylah was beyond afraid. When three more men stepped onto the lit path, despair hit her hard. She recognized them as the Weres who had helped Gerard chase her.
“Hey pretty girl, time to sleep.”
“No!” She watched Alexis pull an injector from his shirt pocket. “Please, don’t do this!”
Alexis laughed mockingly. Mya remained silent and Laylah gave up. There were no allies nor Britta near enough to save her. She closed her eyes and hoped that whatever was in the needle wasn’t too painful.
“You know, I don’t think Britta invited you to the party.”
Laylah’s eyes flew open and she almost collapsed in relief. She knew that voice!
“Donil, if we’d wanted you in attendance we would’ve had your lovely sister bring you outside as well.”
Laylah was staring at Gerard’s furious expression. The other men seemed eager and waiting. She knew then that something was wrong. 
“Donil!” He was to her left and to the side of her would-be abductors placing his back to the house and keeping the entire group in his sight. 
“It’s all right, Laylah. I promise it’ll be okay.”
“That’s right, Big Brother, lie to her. Being a Le Croix will help her believe your false words,” Mya sneered.
“Mya, when this is over, you and I will have a long talk about family and loyalty,” Donil drawled.
Laylah felt Mya’s rumbling laughter vibrate through her as she was pulled closer to the older girl’s body.
“Looking forward to it, Brother. Right now you should worry more about your own hide.”
Mya’s words chilled Laylah. Something moved in the bushes. Then a giant panther shot out and charged Donil. 
“Donil, watch out!” Laylah realized her warning was too late as Donil was bowled over by the giant feline. “No! Oh, heavens, no! Donil! Donil!”
“Shut her up, Alexis, before the humans come to investigate the fuss she’s making,” Gerard ordered.
“Gladly.”
“No, wait! Don’t!” Laylah yelped as Alexis jabbed the needle in her arm and injected the liquid. "Ow! What did you give me?"
Her eyes widened in fear. Her words sounded slurred to her ears. She blinked, trying to make her eyes stay open. The jaws of unconsciousness closed around her and she knew no more.


Chapter 52
The party, fifteen minutes ago...

To say that he was pissed was something of an understatement, but it was the only word Donil could think of that fit his current emotional state.
He had been waiting inside, trying to give Laylah some space. He knew her emotions were fragile and, out of respect, wanted to give her some privacy. The blaring music and press of bodies was a little overwhelming, but he didn’t mind it too much. Donil could see Matt, Leo and Benji in a corner chatting with some girls. Leave it to the three of them to start romancing at a party. 
Britta was nowhere to be seen and she had a boyfriend to keep busy. After a few minutes, Donil started to worry and moved from the wall, intent on finding Laylah when suddenly the electricity shut down. The room plunged into chaos and screams of fear. 
Donil knew then that Laylah was in trouble. With ease, he maneuvered around the party-goers using his feline vision. His nose picked up Alexis' and Gerard’s scents. He charged outside only to be stunned by the sight before him. His sister Mya, his flesh and blood, was offering his future mate to the enemy.
He couldn’t fathom such a betrayal nor what drove his sister to take such a path. Donil didn’t have time to ponder this. He saw the injector in Alexis’ hand and smelled Laylah’s terror. It roused his protective instincts and he readied himself to fight. 
::Matt, I need backup now! Bring Leo and Benji. We have vermin to kill::
::On our way, Cousin.::
Donil kept his expression calm for Laylah’s sake and to avoid tipping Gerard off to the arrival of his cousin and friends.
“Donil, watch out!”
He heard Laylah’s shout a second after his ears picked up the sound of a charging Were. Donil barely managed to turn enough to keep from taking the full weight of the panther as they crashed to the ground. They scuffled and he bucked his opponent off. Donil glanced around quickly and cursed. Gerard, his minions, Mya and Laylah were gone. 
In that moment, his rage rose as he turned yellow feline eyes on the growling panther. “You chose the wrong day to pick a fight with me, Panther!”
The big cat snarled and sprang into the air. This time Donil was ready but, before he could attack his opponent, a single shot rang out. The panther jerked mid-air and crashed to the ground, twitching in its death throes before going still.
“Dangit!” Donil glanced around and gaped in surprise. Ahdum Newsome stood on the back porch with a rifle in hand and a huge grin on his face.
“Better be glad, Donil, that I’m a good shot. Otherwise, you’d be wearing some scars.”
“Thanks, Ahdum.  There’s no time to talk. Laylah was kidnapped and we have to leave to track them while the trail is still hot.”
“Go, do what you have to. I’ve got to get people to go home. The lights going off did help,” Ahdum laughed and went back inside.
“Perhaps I can be of assistance?”
Donil closed his eyes and counted to ten in six languages before speaking to the newest arrival. “Stefan, why am I not surprised to find you here? No, don’t answer. What I would like to know is why show now when your niece needed you ten minutes ago?”
“I was saving your little kitty butt, Boy, that’s why. There were two more Weres inside who were coming to help Panther Boy carve you up. Lucky for you, I intercepted them and kept them busy. Aw, here come your buddies.”
Donil glared at Stefan before acknowledging his backup. “Leo, talk to me.”
“I swear, Donil, I’ve not had this much fun in years. Matt, Benji and I ran into some cheetahs who took exception to us for some reason.” Leo bared his teeth in a menacing grin. “Can’t imagine why.”
“I guess they didn’t get the memo that the lions are still king of the jungle,” Benji joked.
They laughed but quieted at Stefan’s stern expression.
“Hey, Old Man, no need to get angry. The enemy had scouted the party and covered all areas. We wouldn’t have been able to save the girl,” Leo explained.
Donil shook his head sadly. “They had help from one of us.” He couldn’t keep his bitterness and hurt hidden.
“Donil?” Matt touched his shoulder in concern.
“It was Mya.” Donil ignored the horrified silence. “She helped Gerard. I don’t know why, but I will find out. No one harms my mate or my family, even if it is a family member gone bad.” His Alpha power flared, lashed out and slammed into all the males present, including Stefan, sending them to their knees, groveling in submission. 
Donil saw Stefan’s resistance to the Alpha call and he snarled. “I will not be beaten by Zina! Now get up! We have to save my mate!” He released them from his power and watched as they stood. Ignoring Stefan’s fury, Donil pondered what to do.
“Well, if your Royal Pain has finished throwing around your weight, I’m leaving. I have calls to make. And this wolf does not obey a kitten who’s wet behind the ears.”
“You do what you have to, Stefan. Besides, I do believe I hear the Le Croix limo pulling up. That means, at the least, Jacques is here, or it could be worse. Henry might be in the limo, too.”
Stefan chuckled before shifting into wolf form. He trotted over to Donil and started to hike up his leg.
“Don’t even think about it. If you pee on my shoes, I’ll force you to dance for hours on end. Don’t test me, Omega.” Donil could feel and see Stefan’s mocking laughter as the wolf jogged into the forest beyond the gazebo.
“You realize he left you to explain what happened to Laylah?” Matt snarled at Stefan's disappearing form.
Donil’s feral smile made Matt hastily bow. 
“Cousin, do not bow. Besides I wouldn’t have it any other way. It’s time Henry and his Betas get used to the way I do things.  Show them all who is really dominant.”
Matt laughed at Donil’s tough words and the two cousins watched an angry Jacques stride toward them.

Chapter 53
Friday night, 9 pm

Inside the Brayshell Community Center building, Zina sat surrounded by admirers and her Betas. All of them fawned and sang her accolades. Any other time, she would have relished her power over this pathetic lot. This evening was different with much riding on tonight’s hunt. The prey would not escape the trap. Mya had better be right. 
Her private musings were interrupted by the shrill ring of her ear comm. “Scatter!” Her harsh order sent the other Weres scrambling for the two exits. Zina answered the call once the room was clear. “Speak.”
Gerard’s pleased growl filled the line. “My Alpha, we have the prey.”
Zina sucked in an excited breath. “I trust there were no complications?”
A slight hesitation, and then Gerard’s slow response. “Only a minor one that we handled.”
“Gerard, you’d better hope that it is taken care of. You’re not a cat with nine lives. I will kill you if your “minor one” becomes something major.”
“Yes, my Alpha. We shall arrive at the rendezvous spot in three hours.”
“I will be there waiting.” She closed the connection and sat for a while in her chair, drumming her fingers on the arm rests. 
Anticipation hummed in Zina's veins. She would finally have Henry all to herself. He would beg for his whelp’s life and, if it pleased her, she might let Laylah live. But first, Zina would get her mate and their power would be absolute. She laughed and rose gracefully from the chair.
She went outside into the night with a bounce in her step and was met by her anxious followers. They crowded around, careful not to touch her.
“Victory is near! The abomination has been caught! All lies will be bared in the darkness of the night! We will have our new order and shall reign supreme!”
The gathered Weres chanted, “Zina! Zina!” Their fervor added volume to her name.
She smirked. “Come, my family, we must go to our new holy ground.”
The forty men and women flowed past her and outside to their vehicles. Zina moved at a more sedate pace to her el-cycle. She straddled the bike and revved the engine. She gave the signal to move and smoothly maneuvered into the lead. She was the Savior of her people. All Weres would praise her for this night. She flung back her head and howled. Her people answered with their own chorus of sound. Yes, destiny beckoned.

Chapter 54
Friday Night, 9:30 pm

It had taken over an hour for Jacques to find the Newsome home nestled in Greenside Hills. The party seemed to be slowing down when he arrived. His thoughts, however, were on Naiya. Though he did not feel her actions or reasoning were sound, he could only deal with one crisis at a time. 
The area where he parked the limo required him to walk for several minutes to get to the house. He was supposed to wait for Henry and backup, but Jacques did not want to risk a fight in front of so many humans.
Jacques scented the air and noticed that Weres from many clans were at the Newsome party. Interesting. Who knew Britta was such a liberal? Focus, Jacques. Laylah needed him. He could not fail her again. Guilt struck and Jacques pushed it back. Now was not the time. When he found Laylah and had her safe, then would come amends and, perhaps, new beginnings.
Jacques hesitated at the front door. He glanced around, doing another scent sweep. He found nothing and rang the bell. The door opened and two giant burly men blocked the entrance. The stance was relaxed, but he saw the tension in their shoulders as they appraised him and checked him for hidden items. Since he carried none, he was waved inside.
He hurried down the hall and stopped the first party-goer he saw. He asked about Britta’s whereabouts and was pointed toward the northeast corner of the grand reception hall. Jacques grimaced. The lights were flickering on and off and he could hear the hum of a generator trying to restart.
Boys and girls were paired up; some were openly groping each other. The young people did not interest him as the low murmur of their voices filled the air. No, he needed Britta. He did a partial shift of his eyes to help him see better and made his way through the crowd toward Laylah’s friend. He saw her in the corner with a young man.
Jacques received a shock when he reached her. His nose picked up the scent of Were from the boy who held her close, whispering in her ear. The two kissed and Jacques frowned. Another Were! And this one was far from home. What in the world was a rhino from the Cali Territory doing here in New Florida?
Jacques' previous view of Britta was rattled. He had always assumed the young lady to be quirky and different. Laylah had insisted that Britta was unbiased and fair, but Jacques had not believed it. Yet, before him she stood, lip locked with a Were. He rolled his eyes and reached out his hand to touch Britta’s shoulder, but paused when Donil’s scent hit his nose.
He stifled a growl as he spun and marched outside to confront the Panther Alpha. He caught sight of the defiant younger Alpha standing directly in the path leading to the gazebo.
“Where is she?” Jacques demanded.
“Not here, Old Man,” Donil drawled.
Jacques fought down the urge to rip into Donil’s flesh and hurt the other male until he gave up the information he needed. 
“Not good enough, Donil. Henry is coming. I need to get Laylah home and for my Alpha’s anger to lessen, not heighten. If you both insist on playing games….” Jacques let the unspoken words hang in air between them.
“You know, I’m getting tired of your Alpha punishing Laylah over every little thing. Henry is smothering and hindering her growth as a person. You know I’m right, Jacques.”
Donil’s words stabbed at Jacques' conscience. He twitched and forced himself to be still. “It is not our place to question his orders.” His thoughts briefly strayed to Naiya who had defied Henry. Everything was falling apart and, for once, he didn’t know how to fix it.
“Maybe you can’t, Jacques, but I can. Henry is not my Alpha. We share rank and I will go over his head if I must. I will do whatever I need to for Laylah to be safe and happy.”
“You arrogant little cat! What makes you think you can give her those things? I know your reputation. You like to play with shiny new things then bat them away after your curiosity is satisfied. The females always say nice things but they can’t disguise the hurt.” Jacques ignored the younger male’s indignant hiss. “You would harm Laylah more than help her. I won’t warn you again. Stay away from her.”
“Can’t. Won’t. She’s more to me than a piece of tail. Now, if you’ll excuse me, my boys and I have to get some reinforcements.”
“Reinforcements?” Jacques suddenly had a very bad feeling and the Panther Alpha’s next words confirmed his fear.
“Laylah is gone because Zina’s lapdog, Gerard, ambushed us and took her.”
“Why didn’t you go after them?” Jacques snarled and took a menacing step toward Donil.
“Because I was getting attacked by some felines that I didn't recognize. Kind of hard to protect someone when being overwhelmed by the enemy.”
Upset at Donil’s mocking tone, Jacques shifted his hands into claws and moved to swipe at the younger male. His ears picked up the sound of Henry’s vehicle arriving. Disgruntled at the interruption, he changed his hands back to normal. “Henry is here.”
“Yeah, I’ve noticed his particular stench stretches miles ahead of him.” Donil wrinkled his nose in disgust. “Ah, here comes the big bad wolf himself.”
Both men watched Henry, flanked by Boris and Kenneth, making his way easily past the security guards. Jacques knew his Alpha would go into a rage when he learned that Zina’s men had Laylah. He was not stupid enough to believe that Henry would be concerned that his daughter was missing. No, his Alpha would care only about who had Laylah.
“My Alpha.” Jacques bowed and didn’t miss Henry’s expression. This night just kept getting worse by the minute.
“Report!”
Jacques bristled at Henry’s tone but proceeded to explain what had occurred. He finished and patiently waited to see what his Alpha wished to do. 
Henry looked about and Jacques refrained from stating the obvious  — that time was precious and that they were running out of it.
“Inform the Council of this treachery and maybe we’ll get permission to exterminate the vermin. Find out as much information as possible as to where they took her. I’m going back to the mansion. Call whoever you need, Jacques, but get the job done so that I can get back to my work.
“Yes, my Alpha.”
Henry turned away and stopped to growl at the silent Donil. “Why are you here, Boy? Scamper back to your litter box so that the real males can do their work.”
Jacques winced at Henry’s sarcasm but Donil’s reaction surprised him more.
“I’m here because I care, Henry. And didn’t you know, my fellow Alpha, that the world is my playground? I’ll be sure to let you know when the “real males” help out. Until then, my friends and I will find Laylah.”
Jacques was floored. Donil’s maturity at that moment was amazing. His ability to be civil and insulting all in the same breath while doing it with a smile was impressive. Henry’s growl deepened and Jacques decided that the posturing of the Alphas had to stop if anything was going to get done.  He stepped into his Alpha’s line of sight. 
“Sir, I do believe I see Tri-Ruler Newsome coming this way and he doesn’t look happy.” Jacques pointed at the angry human bearing down on the group.
“Guess that’s my cue to scram.” Donil grinned, gave a jaunty salute and took the side path accompanied by his cousin and the two lion brothers.
Jacques shook his head. Boy had guts, he'd give him that. “My Alpha.” Once more, Jacques threw in a bow and took off so that Henry could talk to Tri-Ruler Newsome. He had a teenager to rescue.

Chapter 55
Friday Night, 9:45 pm

Drayden sat inside the dark brown van and watched as chaos erupted at the Newsome home. He could see the entire backyard from his vantage point. His high-powered binoculars brought the action even closer. He saw it all — the betrayal, the kidnapping and all the hostilities that normally simmered below the surface as the players in this game worked at being polite. Not tonight. All the anger and accusations were coming out. 
Disgusted by the lack of cooperation between Donil and Henry, Drayden was tempted to go and bash their heads together. Maybe then some sense would prevail. Perhaps Isabella was right about not informing the two Alphas. He would have to trust her wisdom more.
Something heavy landed with a thud on the van’s roof and shook Drayden from his thoughts. He grabbed his gun, easily thumbed off the safety. He stared up, watching for movement. The metal of the van creaked with the weight on the roof. 
Once more, the van rocked before settling. When nothing else happened, Drayden, opened the door, gun aimed and stepped out. A twig snapped to his left and he froze.
Drayden spat out a curse and lowered the gun. “You know, Stefan, if you want to get shot so badly, that can be arranged.”
Stefan’s tail wagged and he yawned in insult. He padded over to the van’s tire, hiked up his back leg and peed on the rim. 
Drayden snarled and aimed again at the white wolf. “Look, Old Man, you don’t disrespect me! I came to warn you, but maybe I should let you stumbled around instead.”
Stefan growled and shifted back to human form. “I may be older than you, Cub, but not so old that I can’t take you and win. Obviously, you have something to say, so go ahead and get it off your chest.”
Drayden rolled his eyes, popped his knuckles and made Stefan wait. He knew the wolf was anxious to go after Laylah. “Now I remember,” he laughed and continued. “Zina’s time is numbered. The Council has dispatched the General and the nine Captains. Even now, they are closing in on Zina and her army. I was told not to inform your brother and Alpha Donil.”
“Why?”
“I’m not sure. I don’t always understand Isabella’s thinking. I only follow orders. It’s a lot safer that way. But since we are friends, I thought I’d give you a heads up.”
Stefan smirked. “Friends? Perhaps. I thought I had lost all those thirteen years ago. Here.” He handed Drayden a business card. “My e-number is on it. When you get ready to strike, let me know.  Hopefully, I’ll have Laylah out before then, but if not, it will give me enough warning to avoid the main fighting.”
“Understood. Happy hunting, Old Man.” Drayden watched Stefan shift to wolf and run into the forest. He truly hoped Stefan would save his niece. Maybe it would force him to rise above his bitterness. After all, if Stefan could bring Zina down, Isabella did promise to grant one request. 
Amused by his thoughts and the growing chaos, Drayden climbed into the van and drove away. He put Stefan’s card in his pocket before calling Isabella for an update on the Council army’s progress.

~***~

Britta sat on the front porch crying and stewing. Everything was one big mess. Her father was furious with her for helping Laylah come to the party. And now, thanks to some rogue Weres, her best friend had been kidnapped.
Laylah’s father was still in the house and raising a fuss. Britta really hated that man. She’d never met Laylah’s dad before tonight and now wished she never had. It was almost 11:30 pm. and still no word on Laylah or her abductors.
“I’m not going to get any sleep. I wish he would leave. No one wants him here,” she muttered, casting a sideways glance at the office window. Henry was in there ranting at her father about his “incompetent parenting” in regards to this evening’s gathering. Once Mr. Le Croix had started his yelling, her father had sent her outside. 
The door behind her opened and she heard her mother’s voice. “Britta, your father wants you to join him in the office.”
She grimaced. “Yes, Mama.” Her mother’s concern would eat at her conscience, but she would not take back any of tonight. Laylah deserved some kind of life away from Mr. Le Croix, the dictator. Britta rose and looked at her mother. “Any news?”
“None. I’m sorry, mi hija. I will let you know as soon as I hear something.”
“It’s all right, Madre. I wanted to check. I’ll go see Father now.” Britta didn’t give her mother time to say more. Instead, she hurried inside and went to her father. She knocked once and waited.
“Enter.”
Steeling herself, Britta walked in slowly to give herself a chance to glance about. She wanted to see where everyone was in the room. Her father sat at his desk and appeared resigned. That was not a good sign.
“Britta, Mr. Le Croix and I have talked and he has agreed to not file a criminal complaint against you.”
“What! What charges?” Britta glared at Laylah’s dad, who sat and pretended to be interested in a painting on the wall.
Her father sighed. “Aiding and abetting. As well as accessory to a crime.”
“That’s absurd! He’s pissed that I got his daughter to have some fun. You’re a real prick, you know that, Mr. Le Croix?” She bristled with rage and gave him a venomous stare.
“Britta! That’s enough out of you, young lady! You will not contact Laylah without the express permission of her father. No more hanging out or parties either.”
“But, Padre!”
“That is all. This matter is closed. Go to your room.”
Too stunned to mount any sort of defense, Britta settled for a disappointed expression and stomped past her father and out into the hallway, slamming the door behind her. Furious with this unexpected turn of events, she walked toward her room and called Donil.
He answered on the first ring. “Britta, we haven’t found her yet. I’m sorry.”
“I know. If you had found her, you would have told me. That’s not why I’m calling.” Quickly, she explained what had happened with her father and Henry Le Croix. She stood there thinking as Donil’s string of curses filled the line. 
After he had calmed, she asked grimly, “So what now? I didn’t mean for any of this to go down. We all played right into his hands.”
“Don’t beat yourself up too much about it. Look, I have to go, Britta. The rest of my family has gathered. We will find Laylah.”
She heard his confidence and smiled. He was one man who always kept his word, no matter the cost to himself. “I know. Happy hunting.”
Donil chuckled. “You keep surprising me with your Were knowledge, Britta. Go rest. I’ll call when I have her.”
“Thanks, Donil.” Reluctantly, Britta disconnected. She startled when she saw that she was standing outside her bedroom door. 
She didn't even remember climbing the stairs. She didn't understand why Weres would take Laylah. Maybe it was something to do with her jerk of a father. He seemed like the type to have tons of enemies. Poor Laylah!
Britta resolved in that moment to continue being friends with Laylah, no matter what Mr. Le Croix wanted. “But for now, I’ll go lie down and keep my e-comm active.” With a sigh, she went in her room and headed for bed.

Chapter 56
Friday, 11:00 pm

Ahdum Newsome stared thoughtfully at Henry Le Croix who paced in front of the cold fireplace. January evenings were cool but not freezing. Tonight had been a little warmer than most. He thought about his first meeting with the Wolf Alpha Le Croix. Ahdum had not been impressed. Now, seventeen years later, he respected Henry’s business prowess and power. 
He did not, however, condone the man’s treatment of his only child, Laylah. Ahdum still could not believe anyone would be so callous and indifferent to another person. Yet, Henry did it easily. Poor Laylah. Ahdum truly felt for Britta’s best friend.
Now because of his daughter's foolish plan, that friendship was about to end. Ahdum personally felt the Alpha was overreacting to the situation. 
“Henry, why don’t you go home? You sent your enforcers out to look for your daughter. I’ve met your men. All are very thorough and capable.”
Henry stopped moving and stared at him. “It is not my men that concern me. It is what that she-bitch will tell Laylah when she has her.”
Ahdum was confused. “And what would that be?”
“That Laylah is not human.” Henry turned his back on him and studied the mantle. “What, no witty retort, Newsome?”
“Sorry, but I don’t have one. You mean to tell me, Henry, that your child does not know she is Were?”
“That’s correct. I raised her as one of you. She has the same general knowledge of Were society as a human, but that is all. And besides, she’s never exhibited any Were traits or changes that all Were children and teens show. That being said, the only logical conclusion is that her feline and lupine genes cancel each other out and have made her null or human.”
Ahdum was shocked and tried to wrap his mind around the explanation. “So you figured it was better to lie than to be honest? How did you explain away the first kidnapping to her?”
“I didn’t. I had Jacques come up with a plan to protect my assets.”
“You mean, protect Laylah,” Ahdum corrected.
Henry glanced over his shoulder and his blue eyes glittered. “No, I said what I meant.”
Ahdum felt a chill at Henry’s words. Did the man feel nothing for his daughter? 
“I see.” And Ahdum did, with a clarity that changed his perception of the Wolf Alpha. He didn’t know Henry Le Croix as well as he thought he did.
Henry cleared his throat and Ahdum focused on the conversation. “Yes?”
“This is a Were matter and our Council, as well as myself, would appreciate no human interference.”
Ahdum didn’t like Henry’s words or the implied threat. “Another one of those 'mind your own business' moments? Afraid that if humans saw your idea of justice, it might sully your PR hype?”
His guest chuckled. “Something like that. Don’t worry, Tri-Ruler Newsome, none of your media broadcasts will get so much as a whiff of what is about to occur. Keep your daughter home and all will be well.”
“You know I don’t respond well to threats, Alpha Le Croix,” Ahdum warned. He was Head Tri-Ruler and law interpreter. The law would always come first.
“Oh, I know.  Thought I'd inform you. Good night, Tri-Ruler Newsome.”
Ahdum watched Henry leave. He stared at the fireplace for a long time and wondered what insanity would come from this night. He hoped he would never find out.

Chapter 57
Friday Night, Midnight

Gerard had a smile on his face as he parked the van at the Zaffil Industrial Park gates. The park had gone out of business six years earlier and Alpha Zina had bought the eight acres of land and everything on it. It was mostly undeveloped land that now had some trees growing on it. Though no prey lived in it, the trees served as a reminder to Zina's army of their Were heritage.
“There! I see them.” Alexis pointed to the group of vehicles parked next to the northeastern building. A few Weres stood around conversing.
"How is the girl?” Not that Gerard cared, but if something happened to the prey, his Alpha would make good on her threat of murdering him. He had no desire to die over prey.
"Sleeping like a baby. Stop worrying, Wolf, it’s all good,” sneered Mya. “Now, I have places to be. Send my regards to your Alpha.”
"Running away? Typical. You are a scaredy cat. Well, good luck,” Gerard growled, annoyed at her impudence. He got out and so did the rest of his unit. Alexis was the last to exit and picked up the prey’s limp form.
"Let’s go.” Taking the lead, Gerard entered the code to the locked security gate and went to the room where his Alpha held court. 
Inside, the bright lights momentarily blinded him but that was part of the plan. It allowed any occupant time to mount a defense against intruders.
He smirked. Ever since the failed coup thirteen years ago, Gerard had wanted his Alpha to fulfill her dream of ruling. He was obsessed with making this a reality. He knew she cared nothing about him and he was fine with that. He was not a handsome man. What he lacked in looks, he made up in skill and prowess as a hunter. 
It wasn’t just his Alpha’s threat that had driven him to catch his prey. Pride and vanity had reared their heads after the first failed attempt of snatching the girl. Never, before that day, had he failed at a hunt. Ever. To make it worse, he’d been bested by that runt, Donil Silentshadow. His men had teased and mocked him mercilessly about his failure.
His thoughts became feral as he thought of tearing into those who had made fun of him. His eyes shifted to wolf amber. He ignored Devin’s hiss of surprise. Some days he really hated skittish felines, especially Devin who was barely an adult at the age of twenty-one. 
Gerard pushed open the double doors and confidently went to the raised platform. Behind him, his men and the rest of Zina's followers entered and spread out, filling the room. He stopped two feet from it and dropped to one knee, head bowed. He knew his men did the same. 
He heard his Alpha’s footfalls outside the room in the adjacent hallway. The sound was music to Gerard's ears. She walked with purpose - neither too heavy, nor too dainty. Her fragrant scent, the one that was uniquely hers, called forth memories of his mountain home in the spring. So full of life, yet strong as the spring breeze that heralds the change of seasons.
Not that he would ever say that to Zina's face. Not if he wanted to continue living, that is. She didn’t tolerate any male’s lust unless she invoked it and she strongly dissuaded her Betas from becoming overly fond of her. If she thought you were unmanageable, you either died or were reassigned depending on her need of your skills. He wanted neither so he kept his mouth shut.
Zina entered with force, her Alpha power flung outward like a whip, sending everyone not already kneeling to their knees in obeisance. 
"I am Alpha!” Her growl reverberated aloud and through the mental link she shared with her army.
Someone shuffled and Gerard felt his Alpha tighten her hold over the room until it felt like the air was trying to suffocate them. If she did not stop, none of them would live to see her rule.
“I am Alpha!” Finally, she released her grip.
All around him, Gerard heard the weaker Weres collapse, weeping to the floor. An angry Alpha was not someone you wanted to be near. An Alpha’s power was strong enough to kill without any physical violence.
“Rise!” Her words were calm but filled with anticipation. “Gerard, report!”
Gerard stood, his eyes firmly on his leader. “My Alpha, we have the girl. Alexis.” Passively he watched the man walk up to the dais and unceremoniously drop the prey at his Alpha’s feet.
“Good. Very good. You, there. Yes, you, Boy!” Zina pointed at a startled Devin. “Fetch some rope and a chair.”
"Yes, yes, ma’am!” Devin stammered and ran from the room. He returned promptly and with much bowing, put the items in front of her.
Gerard stood still as he watched. He would not move until given leave to do so. He didn’t have to wait long.
“Gerard, bind her. I want the rest of you to get out. It’s time to enjoy my new chew toy.”
The assembled Weres snickered as they left. Gerard ignored them as he tied the prey’s limp form to the oak chair.
“You go too, Gerard.”
Surprised, he threw Zina a questioning glance but his Alpha had eyes only for the unconscious girl. “My Alpha?”
Her head snapped up. “Get…out! Now!” she roared.
"Yes, my Alpha.” The words grated but he kept his tone polite. He bowed and quit the room, unhappy at being excluded from the questioning.
"Wow, even Gerard is stuck out here like the rest of us,” Devin quipped.
Gerard lashed out with a fist and the blow sent the youth crashing to his knees.
“Hey! What was that for?” Devin whined.
"For being an idiot. You’ll learn, Kitty Cat, that if you want to live, you don’t mouth off. Got it?”
"Yeah, yeah, Gerard, I got it. Sheesh.” The younger male rubbed his sore jaw. “Next time, don’t hit me. Just tell me to be quiet.”
"There won’t be a next time if I have to repeat myself.” Gerard was pleased to see Devin pale. “Our Alpha wishes privacy and she shall have it. Everyone disperse and begin patrols. The Le Croix wolves will be headed this way. We need to be prepared. Well? What are you staring at? Get going!”
He watched the stragglers scramble in different directions and laughed. This was going to be a great game. He whistled an old tune as his men fell in behind him. There were a few preparations still left to be made before the arrival of the Le Croix family.

Chapter 58
Pheasant Grove, Saturday, 12:15 am

The din of voices rose around Donil but he wasn’t listening. He knew that telling the family of Mya’s betrayal would result in division. He didn't have time for arguments. Laylah needed him.
Donil let out a piercing whistle that silenced the room. All gazes turned to him. “Listen up! We leave now. Mya will be dealt with after we have rescued my mate. Mother, Grandpa, Grandma. I want each of you to lead a group. I will lead the fourth. Head north, south and east, while I take west. I doubt Zina would be close to us. Wherever she decided to hole up will give her some tactical advantage. Matt has the V-trackers. Laylah’s DNA signature has been entered so that we can find her. Now, move out!”
Donil watched as his mother and grandparents snagged various relatives and clan members for their search parties. He turned to the two lion brothers, Leo and Benji. “Care to tag along?”
"Wouldn’t miss this for the world!” Leo grinned and did a funky dance step.
Donil chuckled despite himself. “Okay, I needed that. Leo, I want you to drive. I’m going to try a dreamwalk. Maybe Laylah is in a regular sleep and I’ll be able to reach her mind.”
“You couldn't reach her before?” Benji asked.
"No, they drugged her. Drugs force the mind to shut down and often prevent dreaming. Besides, if they’ve woken her, she will have seen more than the inside of the vehicle they took her in.”
"Makes sense. Here comes Matt.” Leo pointed to the other man who approached with three volunteers.
"Donil, I have three trackers that have agreed to come with us. All the other groups are going to their vehicles. We need to get moving, too.”
"I know, Matt. Let’s go!” Donil lead the way to one of the parked vans. They got in and Leo slid into the driver’s seat. Donil took the front passenger seat and the van started down the dirt road that would take them to the main highway.
The journey was made in silence. Once they had been traveling for several minutes, Donil went to sleep and prayed that he would be able to connect with Laylah’s mind.

~***~
Saturday, 12:30 am

Stefan had left the Newsome property in a nasty mood. First, he had watched his niece get abducted. Then he had to deal with the humiliating display of Donil’s Alpha power.  Stefan hadn't known Donil was that strong. He didn't often underestimate people. He would be sure to keep a careful watch on the Panther Alpha. Taunting Drayden had been a bonus. The tip from the bear was appreciated and would be used.
Stefan came to a halt, his paws crunching leaves on the ground. Below the road was Rainbow Stream. It had been a favorite place of Helena’s when she was alive. She said it was peaceful and she was right. The gentle gurgle of the water soothed away some of Stefan's tension. He felt more clearheaded.
 He had to think like Zina. All obvious places were out of the question. It had to be a large area, easily defended, that allowed for an escape route in case things go wrong. He lowered his nose to the ground. The scent of the getaway vehicle was growing faint. He cursed technology for inventing odorless fuel that made it nearly impossible to track. The moon hung in the sky and Stefan stopped the urge to howl. It was time to go. 
Stefan left the stream and headed northeast toward Pensoftkey with renewed vigor. Redemption was near. He would not jeopardize that or the chance to have a family again. Laylah needed a real father figure in her life and he was man enough for the job. His thoughts, once more positive, pushed him into a faster run. No more time to waste. A life needed saving.

Chapter 59
Saturday, 12:45 am

Zina sat on her throne, studying her prey. Up close, the girl was unremarkable except for the long red hair. 
“I still don’t see the fascination.” The prey was not a classic beauty either. Maybe it was typical male lust that explained the young female’s devoted male protectors.
She stepped down from the dais and stood in front of her bound captive. She slapped the younger woman. “Wake up!” she impatiently ordered. When the girl moaned and feebly struggled in her bonds, Zina avidly watched, assessing every movement and sound the waking girl made. The sweet, tangy smell of fear hit the air when the prisoner’s eyes flew open. 
"Who are you? Where am I?” Laylah blinked and looked around.
"You, my little half-breed, are in my home. I am Zina McFin. I’m sorry for all this trouble and rough treatment, but it’s for your benefit that we take precautions. Wouldn’t want a big bad wolf to get you.” Zina laughed at her own joke.
"Half-breed? Why are you calling me that? Please, I want to go home!”
Zina laughed harder. “Oh, that’s rich! You, my dear Laylah, aren’t going anywhere until I say so.”
“How do you know my name?”
She ignored the frightened teenager’s question. “Now, half-breed, I want to know how dear ol’ daddy is doing these days? Is he still acting human? Still loving the rich life?” Zina glared at her now quiet captive. “Too good to talk to me? You’re just like him. Thinking we’re not worth the ground you walk on. That’s all right. You see, your daddy’s days are over. Now, you sit and think about that for a while. I’m going to eat dinner. Maybe by then your tongue will loosen.”
Zina enjoyed the girl’s terror. “I’ll be back soon. Must feed the hunger. Besides, you’re no good to me dead.” 
She didn’t wait to see the other female’s reaction. It was time to hunt. She left the room, entered the corridor and found Gerard and his men waiting. 
“Gerard, post guards. I don’t want anyone in the room with her. I wish to have a quick celebratory run. When I return, I will interrogate Henry’s brat.”
"Yes, my Alpha. You six, accompany our Alpha and keep her safe. Move out!” Gerard growled.
Flanked by her guards, Zina went outside. She flung back her head and howled. It was a great day to be her. Yes, indeed.

~***~

Laylah sat in the chair and fought back panic. She did not recall being brought to this cold, terrifying place. She did remember that the big man they called Alexis had drugged her. Then she had awakened and found that beautiful, but scary woman staring at her. Her face still stung and Laylah assumed the woman had hit her to wake her up. Every instinct in Laylah warned her that the woman before her was dangerous and possibly crazy. She was surprised when the woman had introduced herself.
 Zina McFin, that’s what the older woman called herself. Why did that name sound familiar? The more Laylah thought about it, the more elusive the reason became.
It was Zina’s use of the word “half-breed” and the statement “Is he still acting human?” that made Laylah doubt the older woman’s sanity. Who did Zina believe her to be? She was relieved when the Zina left her alone.
Laylah felt tears welling up and she let them fall. “I’m scared,” she whispered to the empty room. Not that anyone cared. She wished that Britta was with her. She’d tell Laylah to get it together and escape. Laylah paused and pondered that thought. What was it her best friend always said?
“I remember. If there isn’t a way, then make one. I need to get free. But how?” She jerked her wrists but the rope binding her to the chair was too tight. “Oh, come on!” Laylah huffed. “Think! What is it Naiya and Jacques tell me when I give up? I know. They tell me that I’m stronger than I know. Hmm, I’ll try again. If they believe I am, then I must be.”
Laylah took a centering breath, closed her eyes and muttered, “I can do this. I can do it. I can do it!” 
She jerked hard with all her strength and was shocked when she heard the rope snap and loosen. Startled, her eyes flew open and she stared with wonder at her now freed hands. 
“Oh, my! I really did it!” A hysterical giggle escaped before Laylah calmed down. Her hands might be free but there were still her feet to worry about.
"Let’s make it two for two.” Grinning, she tried to pull the rope off her ankles. After a moment, her smile faded. Puzzled, she attempted to break the rope and met with failure. “I don’t understand.” She was so intent on loosening the intricate knots that she missed the door opening.
She yelped when a hand clamped down on her right shoulder and squeezed brutally. Laylah gasped and whispered, “Please, don’t hurt me.”
“How did you get free?”
She recognized the voice! It was Gerard. He squeezed harder and Laylah thought he would break her shoulder. “I pulled free!” she admitted.
Abruptly he released her and she turned to see where he was. Instead she caught sight of people filling the room. They all stared at her and it wasn't very friendly either. Laylah noticed Zina studying her. The way the woman watched her made Laylah want to cower in a hole. An eerie silence descended but Laylah was worried about only one thing ― Zina. Laylah stiffened when Gerard moved in front of her, blocking her view.
"There is no way you could have gotten free. You’re lying!” he snarled in her face.
Laylah flinched and jerked her head back to put space between them. But the big guy wasn’t having it. Gerard’s hand snaked out, grabbed a fistful of her hair and pulled hard. Laylah was forced to freeze in place or risk having her hair torn from her scalp. He grinned, baring teeth and stuck his nose near her cheek. He sniffed twice and looked baffled. Slowly, he took a longer sniff.
"You smell human, but no human could have gotten free.”
Laylah’s head was beginning to ache. “I’m telling the truth!”
Gerard ignored her. He stepped sideways so that once again she was able to see Zina.  Zina strode toward them and Laylah was confused to see the surprise in the older woman’s eyes. Laylah was getting that feeling that once again she was missing something important.
Zina stopped a few feet shy of Laylah’s chair. “A human with super strength? I think she’s playing games. I do know a way to be sure.”
It was the only warning Laylah had. Gerard let go of her hair and backhanded her hard enough to send her and the chair crashing to the floor. She tasted blood and brought a shaky hand to her face. Laylah looked at it and found confirmation. She was hurt and bleeding.
"Get her up. Swab some of the blood off and send it to be tested. I want to know what she’s made of. In the meantime, increase patrols. I don’t want any surprises. But first...” Zina waited until Laylah and the chair were upright before continuing. “I want to see what all the fuss is about.”
Laylah froze in fear when Zina came to her, cupped her face tightly in those deceptively delicate-looking hands, leaned in and licked the blood dripping from Laylah’s nose. 
“I’m going to be sick,” Laylah groaned, disgusted by the woman’s touch and behavior.
Zina chuckled. “Get used to it, prey. By the time I’m finished, your scent and taste will be in my nose and on my tongue. You will not be able to hide from me. Gerard, enjoy.”
“No! Stay away from me!” Laylah threw her hands up, trying to protect her face. To her consternation, Gerard easily grabbed her wrists in both hands, pulling her arms up above her head.
"Tie her hands. No need to let the prey have fun.”
Laylah fought, but her captors were stronger and outnumbered her. She was bound once more to the chair and forced to endure Gerard’s sniffing and lewd licking of the blood on her face. She felt violated. She saw their mocking expressions. There were no friends here to rescue her, only those who wished her harm. “I don’t understand,” she whispered.
“Did you hear that, my Alpha? The prey doesn’t understand.”
Laylah cringed at the evil laughter that filled the room. “I don’t know you! I’ve never met any of you! Why did you kidnap me?” She froze in trepidation at having shouted at her abductors.
“Ah, Little Girl, you should feel honored. An Alpha does not explain anything, especially not to a filthy human,” Zina purred.
"Everyone, out!” Gerard bellowed.
Laylah winced at the man’s volume, but to her amazement the room cleared of the spectators. Finally only Zina, Gerard and Laylah were left.
“I’m going to tell you a story, little girl, so do make yourself comfortable.”
Laylah glared at Zina’s snide remark, but remained quiet.
“Once upon a time, there was a naïve girl who fell in a love with a very powerful and handsome man. But the man never noticed the girl because he was focused on other matters.
"One day, the girl decided to speak her feelings. Afraid but determined, she approached the object of her affection and announced her love. Imagine her hurt, when the man she loved laughed at her declarations and stomped on her emotions.
"Crushed, the girl ran away, yet continued to watch from afar. Even though he had no interest in her, the girl’s love continued to grow. After several years of waiting, she decided to try again. This time, she was determined to win his heart.
"Once more she was denied the warmth of his love as he chose to marry another! What was even more cruel, his intended came not from a reputable family and class. No, the interloper was a peasant, a tainted no one. He was in love, at least that’s what he claimed. The final blow came to the girl in the form of a baby, an heir of the handsome man and his tainted wife.”
Laylah’s was rattled and close to having a panic attack. Zina’s savage expression didn't help matters. The woman looked like some angry beast. And why was she telling a fairy tale? What did it all mean?
“The heart-broken girl plotted her revenge. Enraged at the mockery the man had made of her love for him, she decided to take away the one thing he valued most--his wife and child!”
The abrupt pauses grated on Laylah’s frayed nerves. She wished Zina would stop being patronizing. She wanted to scream in frustration, but the play of emotions across Zina's face was amazing and terrifying. It kept Laylah from uttering a sound.
“The girl succeeded with destroying the wife. The only thing left was the demise of the child.” Zina’s amused giggle sent hair-raising chills through Laylah. She had a bad feeling about where the story was going. 
Zina stepped up to Laylah, her eyes filled with madness and evil intentions. “And now, after all this time, the girl has the child.” The impact of Zina’s words hit Laylah and panic set in. 
"No!” Laylah stared wide-eyed at the crazed woman. “You’re insane! Trust me, Father doesn’t deserve your devotion! I should know,” she added bitterly, for a moment distracted by her own thoughts.
"No, not insane, my dear prey. Vengeful, but not insane. Maybe a demonstration of my intent will help you grasp my plans.”
Zina’s smile mutated into a muzzle full of teeth. Fur sprouted along her arms as claws replaced fingers and hands. Laylah’s alarmed gaze slid to Zina’s lower body. The tattered remains of Zina's clothes lay on the floor. Zina’s legs were covered with fur, but her feet were still human in appearance.
Laylah had trouble believing what she saw. Zina seemed to have gained at least a foot in height. What was most disturbing and amazing was this upright hybrid form of human and animal. Laylah had been taught that Weres had two forms--human and animal. No one had ever said there was a third form. The blend of human and animal was mind boggling.
What really captured Laylah’s attention was Zina’s face. Though the muzzle had replaced the mouth and nose, Zina's cheekbones and eyes remained unchanged. 
"My Alpha, the girl’s interest is apparent as is her fear. I think, my Alpha, that our guest needs a nap.”
"You’re right, of course, Gerard.” Zina’s voice was a deep rumbling growl that gave Laylah chills. “I’m tired of seeing her face. The prey looks too much like her mother.”
"Wait! You knew my mother?”
“Oh, yes. I knew her well,” Zina purred. “She was a naïve little fool who tried to catch a wolf and got bit one too many times.”
“What do you mean by that? Laylah demanded, not caring that her desperation for information showed. She knew nothing about her mother, not even her name or a picture of her. Father had denied her that as well. 
“Look at the prey, my Alpha. Such a scaredy cat. That’s okay, Little Kitten. It’s nighty-night for you.”
Laylah had only a second to process Gerard’s words before he hit her with a sideways blow to the temple that knocked her unconscious.

Chapter 60
Saturday, 1:30 am

Donil was frustrated by the lack of progress in finding Laylah. The search had been going for several hours with no success. His periodic trips into the dreamscape had also proven fruitless.
“We’re running out of time,” he mumbled.
“Did you say something, Donil?”
Donil glanced over at Benji. “I can’t explain it, but I feel like I’m going to lose everything if we don’t find Laylah.”
“No luck in your dreams either?”
“None. Either they are keeping her drugged or she’s too afraid to doze off. Both ways keep me from reaching her.”
“Look. Give it one last try. I’m going to get a status update.”
“You sure, Benji?”
“Yeah, man. I’m sure. Do your thing. Find your girl.”
Donil took a steadying breath. He would find her. He had to. “I’m coming, Laylah.” His eyelids closed and he slid into the dreamscape.

~***~

Donil was surprised by the darkness. This was not what he'd envisioned when he’d slipped into the dreamscape. 
“Laylah! Laylah! Answer me!”
“She can’t hear you, Boy.”
Donil knew that, some day, he would meet others with dream powers like his own. He wasn’t expecting it at this crucial moment. 
“I don’t have time for games! I have to save Laylah!” Donil felt slightly foolish for shouting in the dark but he didn’t dare do anything else. He did not know who he was dealing with.
“You know, Alpha Donil Silentshadow, that I could keep you here indefinitely.”
“What purpose would it serve? I don’t even know who you are. Nor do I care. I WILL reach Laylah and if I have to fight you, so be it.”
The darkness was suddenly filled with loud whisperings. Donil remained resolute. He didn’t bother straining his hearing to understand the voices’ words. Laylah meant too much to him and time would only make his feelings grow and solidify.
“Very well, young Alpha. Call to your lady. Give her courage. She’s going to need it.”
Before he could say thanks, the darkness was replaced by an intense light. After a couple of quick blinks, his eyesight adjusted and he was on a deserted beach. In the distance, Donil saw a body face down in the sand. He broke into a sprint. It couldn’t be her!
He stumbled to a halt as he fell to his knees. “Oh my God! Laylah!” With shaking hands, he gently turned her over. He let out a weak gasp of relief when he saw her chest rise and fall. “Thank heavens, you’re alive!”
He cradled her to him and whispered, “Please, Beautiful, wake for me.”
Laylah groaned, stirred feebly and opened her eyes. “Don, Donil?”
“Hey, Beautiful. You scared me there for a moment.”
“Sorry.” Her voice was hoarse and she looked exhausted.
“I’ve been trying to reach you, here in your dreams, but it was hard. My family and I are looking for you but we can’t find you. You have to help me, Laylah, so that I can rescue you.”
“I don’t know where they took me. Donil, that woman, Zina, she’s scary. And angry. She’s...she’s a werewolf! And then she changed into some half-creature thing! And that man, Gerard...” Laylah’s outpouring of words ground to a halt as terror flitted across her face.
“Laylah,” Donil gently shook her. He couldn’t take that fearful look. “Listen to me. Forget about them for a moment. I need you to concentrate. What does the room look like that you are in?”
She quieted under his touch, but he could still see terror lurking in her gaze. “Laylah?” he prompted.
“It has really high ceilings and it smells like chemicals. It's big enough to fit Britta’s party hall in it and still have space left.”
“Wait. You said chemicals?”
“Yeah. You know, like the kind that you smell in downtown Heyendo near the plant. Different chemical smell though."
“Laylah, I think I know where you are!” Donil hugged her tightly. “Listen, rest, if you can. I’m coming to get you. Stay calm, don’t panic and be careful of what you say around Zina and Gerard.”
“Donil, I’m frightened. Zina keeps calling me prey. It makes my skin crawl. She says she knew my mother. How can that be? There’s too much happening at once and I’m confused!”
He pulled back, his gaze searching hers. “Don’t believe anything those people say. Promise me, Laylah. They are trying to get you to let your guard down and make you vulnerable. Never forget that you are strong and have courage.”
“Me, have courage? I don’t have any! If I did, I wouldn’t be in this mess!” she yelled.
“See, that’s the spirit! Get angry and use it to stay focused and alive. Now, I have to go. I need to get the rescue party to you. Be safe, Laylah.”
“Wait, please! Donil, don’t leave me!” she clung to him.
He smiled reassuringly. “Laylah, I’ll be there. I promise.” He didn’t give her time to do anything more as he closed his connection to the dreamscape.

~***~

Isabella sat in the passenger seat of the van and smirked. As a small child she had enjoyed games of intrigue. This current one had grown more interesting as the various players emerged. She loved putting a kink in Donil’s tail by interrupting his foray in the dreamscape. She’d been suitably impressed when he stood his ground. She had to admit that his tenacity was impressive.
Isabella grinned and Drayden’s discreet cough brought her back from her musings. “Yes, Drayden?”
“My Lady, the General has sent word that he has located Zina’s base of operations and is doing recon of the area.”
“Good. Tell him not to engage until I get there. We will attack at four a.m.”
“Yes, my Lady. Anything else?”
“No, nothing else. I want to be the first to sink teeth into that traitorous she-wolf. Kill as many of her army as possible. The Council has authorized extreme measures. Use them. I want a decisive victory. Make sure General Nancer understands that.”
“Yes, Lady Isabella. I will relay the message right away.”
Isabella turned away, ignoring the drone of his voice as he e-commed her orders. This game in-progress would end the way she had planned it. And when it was all over, no one would ever question her right to lead the Council. With a happy growl, she contemplated the battle ahead.

Chapter 61
Saturday, 2:30 am

Henry stared at his watch. For over two hours his Betas and enforcers had searched. They still hadn’t found the girl. Or Zina. He was getting angrier at their continued failure. He sat in the limo while Boris drove toward Brockshill. Zina always preferred wooded areas that allowed for hunting and Brockshill had large sections of protected forest to the north of it.
“If we do not find your daughter, I am willing to renegotiate the terms of our agreement.”
Henry casually regarded his traveling companion, Alpha Dayid Yon. The older man had insisted he come along and Henry felt it prudent to have a witness other than his Betas. “That is good to know. I would hate to think that a small stumbling block would you send running for the hills.”
“Touché. However, I still will get the better bargain.” Yon smirked and caressed the snarling wolf handle of his cane.
Henry scrutinzed his temporary business partner. He had heard rumors that Yon played dirty and was rough with the ladies. Not that it was any of his concern but Henry believed in solid backup plans in case of a double cross.
“My Alpha, Kenneth has checked in,” Boris informed him through the open window.
“What is it?” 
“The Council and Donil’s family are heading to the area north of us. They are approaching from opposite directions. He wants further instructions.”
“Hmm, tell him to keep tailing but don’t assist. If the almighty Council wants glory, let them take it. I have other things to do that require my attention.”
“Yes, my Alpha. Message sent and received. Here are the last known locations of Zina’s people.” 
In the center of the floor, a holographic map of the New Florida Territory appeared. Yon leaned forward and stared with interest as Boris relayed the report.
“The red areas are “Do not enter” zones that are filled with traps and explosives. The blue areas are locations that were previously used, but were abandoned. The yellow sections were considered possible headquarter buildings for Zina and her people.” 
“Very nice intelligence network you have, Henry.” Yon nodded appreciatively.
“It is, isn’t it? Now let’s see if we can do what the Council cannot.” Henry touched different points on the map causing them to disappear until only three yellow dots were left. “Much better. Boris, which directions are the Council and Donil’s family coming from?”
“West and south, my Alpha.”
“Map, enlarge view.”  Henry pointed to the farthest dot.  “She’s here at Pensoftkey. Most of the land in that area is unused and unsold. There are several empty buildings left behind from bankrupt businesses. Boris, contact Delilah and have her switch the tracking sensors on the Le Croix GPS orbital satellite to heat sensors so that my Betas can get a more accurate body count around those buildings.” Henry chortled. “It’s time to hunt some wolf.”
Yon laughed and his eyes shifted to amber. “It has been a long time since I’ve gone on such a large hunt. Do you have a preference as to who kills Zina?”
Henry assessed Yon with renewed interest. The older man kept surprising him. “Not really. Dead is dead. I don’t care who helps my enemy on her way to oblivion.”
“I figured as much. Well then, let the tracking continue.” Yon popped his neck and settled back against the seat.
Henry turned off the map and planned for the fight ahead.

~***~

Laylah’s eyes fluttered open. She felt dizzy and almost threw up. She fought back the nausea and noticed she was once more alone in the room. 
“And still tied up,” she mumbled. She tugged experimentally on the rope only this time it didn’t budge. 
“I guess that first time was a fluke.” Laylah slowly turned her head and gauged the distance to the door. Even if she got free, there was ample time for someone to come through a side door and catch her.
Her face throbbed a little and she wondered if she had a bump on her head from Gerard’s blow. That man had some serious hitting issues. 
“Maybe he thinks everyone is his personal punching bag. I wish he’d stop doing that to me.”
Laylah’s muttering was interrupted by the creak of a door opening. Quickly she closed her eyes and pretended to be asleep. She didn’t feel up to another one of Zina’s crazy stories. She heard at least three people enter and somehow knew that one of them was Zina. 
“You’re not much to stare at, prey, but that’s fine too. You might as well open your eyes, Girl.”
Laylah lifted her head and stared at Zina. “How did you know?”
“Your heart beat and breathing sound different when you sleep. Playing possum doesn’t fool me or deceive any Were for that matter.”
Defiantly, Laylah glared at the other woman. “Why are you doing this to me? I’ve never hurt you. So why?”
“My story told you why, prey. That you sit bound before me is a culmination of thirteen years of planning and surviving. And now that the day is here, I will triumph! Let my enemies quake in fear!”
Laylah was frustrated by Zina’s circular reasoning. Zina was like Father, always cryptic, quick to injure, too, and always demanding obedience.
“Let’s play a game. It’ll be fun,” Zina purred. “It’s called survival. You see, my prey, your rescuers have gathered outside and are waiting to strike. I wonder…” she laughed and dragged her sharp fingernail down Laylah’s left cheek.
Laylah gasped as Zina’s fingernail cut painfully into her skin. She felt blood trickle down her face but she remained still. Madness shone in the werewolf’s eyes and Laylah was afraid that it would engulf her.
“I really do wonder, what they would do if I did more than gave you shallow love scratches? Hmm, especially that boy, Donil. Never saw him this worked up over a girl before. Just what is so special about you, anyway? I will learn your secrets before I kill you.”
“Kill me?” Laylah squeaked, disbelief loosening her tongue. “No! I don’t want to die! Please, let me go and forget I exist!”
“I can’t. I have your scent and taste. I will hunt you down and rip you to pieces. Then, and only then, will I proclaim victory. Gerard, fetch my dagger.”
“Yes, my Alpha.” He turned to leave but halted when a wide-eyed Devin flung open the door and ran inside, gesturing wildly. 
“What is it, Boy?” Gerard bellowed as he walked over to Devin.
“Sir! Gerard, sir, we are being attacked!”
“Impossible, the alarms have not sounded.” Zina waved a hand about in dismissal.
“My Alpha, the alarms were disabled. We found them during our security check. Alexis was examining one when people charged us. He sent me to tell you.”
“Gerard, validate his story. If we are being attacked, get my army moving! I want no interference during my date with the prey.”
“As you wish, my Alpha.”
“Gerard?”
“Yes?”
“Do not fail me. If you do see Henry, send him my way. Have the boy bring me my blade.”
Gerard nodded and left with a jittery Devin trailing behind him. 
Laylah shuddered at the malevolent gleam in Zina’s eyes. She flinched when Devin returned, handed a dagger to the woman and hurried back out.
“No daydreaming,” Zina ordered and delivered a stinging backhand to Laylah who barely had time to brace herself. 
Laylah's ears were ringing and once again, she felt blood on her face. “Stop hitting me!” she screamed. “Leave me alone, you insane weirdo!”
Zina took a deep breath and smiled. “Ah yes, the scent of fear. Aphrodisiacs to all Weres. Yes, it’s play time.”
Laylah squealed in alarm and shut her eyes. If she was to die, she didn’t want to see the killing blow. She regretted the fact that she hadn't confessed her true feelings to Donil. ::Good-bye, my dream prince.::

Chapter 62
Saturday, 3:30 am

Stefan stood on top of a storage building and watched the chaos below. The Council’s army, led by General Nancer, had finally attacked from the east. The Silentshadow clan and their allies hurried from the south to join the fray.
He smiled. It was the perfect time to save his niece. Stefan moved back a few paces and then ran toward the edge of the building. A foot from it, he leaped, somersaulted and shifted into a white wolf midair. He twisted and landed on the opposite building’s ledge. His tongue lolled out. He belly-crawled along the ledge and entered an open window.
He must remember to thank his contact for helping him. Stefan knew where to go because the plans of Zina’s little hideout had been smuggled to him several months ago. Stefan slowed at the top of the stairs and sniffed the air. None of the scents were the ones he wanted. He continued down the hall to a second stairwell. This time he caught a faint whiff of Gerard.
Stefan's paws made no noise as he crept down the steps. He held back a growl. So many aromas--fear, lust, rage and resolve, swirled in the air. Mixed in were the personal odors of Zina and her people. He decided to follow Zina’s trail. After all, that’s where Laylah would be.  Filled with purpose, he kept his nose to the ground and his ears perked as he pursued his ex-lover.

~***~

Donil dodged a blow from the werewolf before him. Zina’s minions fought in all three forms--human, Werehum and animal. 
Two could play this game. With ease, he shifted his hands to claws and viciously sliced into the Werehum before him. His opponent screamed as Donil’s claws ripped into his chest. With a hard downward jerk, Donil tore shirt, skin, and muscle, leaving an exposed wound. The man’s shocked look, right before he crumpled unconscious to the ground, bothered Donil for a brief moment. He reminded himself, as he changed his claws back to hands, that this was war and there would be casualties
Nimbly, Donil raced toward the building where Matt said Laylah was being held. He punched a guard in the face who blocked his path. He didn’t wait to see if he was followed. Donil entered and paused as he peered about. He held up the DNA scanner, watching the screen before counting twenty blips near his location. None were the green that represented Laylah’s DNA signature. He frowned.
::Where are you, Laylah? Help me find you.:: Donil wasn’t surprised when there was no response. Laylah could pick up thoughts sent to her but she couldn’t project any. “I have to try something else,” he mumbled.
::Talking to yourself won’t help my niece, Kitty Cat.::
Donil growled and spun around. He blinked, surprised at how close Stefan had gotten. He frowned at the wolf. He felt Stefan studying him.
The wolf sneezed. ::Now, you’re getting it. You’re too absorbed in the technology and not aware of your surroundings. Pay attention to your senses, Boy. You’re an Alpha. Act like one. Use your senses, all of them.::
Donil glared but decided that pride needed to be set aside. He shut off the scanner and focused completely on Laylah - her scent, her laugh, her face and, most importantly, her mind. He stretched his dormant senses and felt…connection!
::There! I feel her, Stefan!::
::Lead the way, Kid.::
::I’m not a kid! But I’ll argue about that later. Let’s go!::
They traveled easily, encountering little resistance which made Donil wary. ::Something is wrong. Where are all the interior guards?::
::I’m not sure. Be cautious.:: Stefan urged.
::I’m not a novice. Watch out!::  Donil shouted as several blasts from a laser rifle came at them. He flung himself down and toward the left wall. 
Stefan snarled and leaped to the right, pressing flat against the floor.
“Whew! That was close,” Donil muttered at Stefan, who wagged his tail in agreement.
Stefan growled. ::I smell Gerard’s men. I also smell Zina and Laylah. They’re in the room around the corner. We have to get through the guards first.::
“Well, if it isn’t the Alpha pansy and the traitorous cur,” Gerard taunted. “How about we settle this right now?”
Donil peeked around the corner and considered their opponents ::I take Big Mouth and you take the rest?::
::Sounds good to me, Alpha. Don’t do anything foolish. I can’t stand to see my niece cry.::
::Don’t worry, Old Man, it’s all good. Neither do I. One, two, three!::
Donil gave a ferocious yell that was joined by Stefan’s howl of challenge. They charged the enemy. Gerard’s men flooded the hall and headed for Stefan, completely ignoring Donil who went straight for the grinning Gerard.
“Hello, Mr. Old and Slow. Ready for a rematch?” Donil grinned.
“Bring it on, Kitten!” Gerard snarled, leaped and changed into a dark brown wolf, the size of a miniature pony. His jaw was open and sharp fangs glistened with saliva.
Donil didn’t give Gerard the opportunity to land near him. Instead, he jumped and shifted into his panther form. He stood about a foot taller than Gerard’s wolf. Sleek, black fur covered toned muscles and four paws of wicked-looking claws.
The two males charged and collided. The momentum sent them into a hard roll. They bit and clawed, trying to get the upper hand.
::I’m going to declaw you and, then for kicks, I’ll kill you, Little Kitty!:: Gerard vowed and lunged at Donil’s right foreleg.
::Dream on, Windbag.:: Donil swiped at Gerard, who easily dodged the blow. He was getting nowhere like this and was tiring fast. He had to end the fight decisively.
They circled again, snarling and growling. Suddenly, Gerard feinted right and swiftly spun left and opened a gash on Donil’s left flank. Donil hissed and slashed Gerard’s muzzle.
The wolf howled and backed away, his ruff standing up. ::Lucky shot, Kitty Cat. It will be your last!::
::I’m not the one who will die today.:: Donil had slowly pooled his Alpha energy for one concentrated burst. If he hit Gerard with it, he should be able to incapacitate the other male. He was ready to send it when he felt a small amount of extra energy trickle in and join with his own. It took a moment to recognize the source. He hadn't known Stefan could do that. Donil would make sure to thank him later.
::Play to win, Boy. Play to win.:: Stefan ordered.
Donil bared his teeth and let out a loud yowl that startled Gerard with its volume. Not wasting time, Donil threw the collected power at his enemy. 
The blast manifested as visible sound waves that slammed into Gerard, knocking him off his paws and smashing him into the far north wall of the corridor. The wolf fell to the floor with a sickening thud and lay unmoving.
Donil grunted and shifted back to human. He looked down at his left leg. The gash from Gerard’s surprise move was bleeding and healing at the same time. With a grimace, he wiped away the blood. “Good thing we’re near a full moon. Otherwise I’d have to give up,” he muttered.
“Good job! Here.” Stefan exited a nearby room and tossed Donil some clothes. “I don’t want you to give my niece a heart attack.”
“What about you?” He pointed to Stefan’s nude form.
“Me? I’m going wolf. She doesn’t need to know me yet.”
Donil frowned, shrugged, and put on the guard uniform. “Whatever. Let’s go.”
::Good-bye, my dream prince.::
He froze at the sound of Laylah’s voice in his mind. Never had he heard such despair and loss. ::Laylah!::  His telepathic yell went unanswered.
Donil whirled around and saw Stefan’s amazed expression. “You heard it too?”
“Yes, but it’s not possible though. She shouldn’t…never mind. Go, two doors down to the right. That’s where she is. I’ll be coming behind you to watch your back. Be careful, Kitty.”
Donil smirked. “I will.” He broke into a jog. ::I’m coming, Beautiful. Hold on a little longer.::

Chapter 63
Saturday, 4:15 am

Henry and Yon sat in the limo and watched the live footage of the attack on Zina’s compound. 
“They are doing well,” Yon acknowledged.
“Yes, they are. However, it’s time for our hunt,” Henry added, a feral grin spreading across his face. He opened the door and got out. Taking a deep breath, he savored the smells in the air.  He would finish what Zina started thirteen years ago. She would pay for his loss.
“They are almost inside. If you want Zina, we have to go now.” Yon shrugged out of his suit jacket and shirt. “No need to waste good clothes.”
Henry watched Yon shift into a very shaggy dark brown wolf. “Interesting,” was his only comment as he changed into his own black-furred body. ::Let's go!::
Yon wagged his tail and let Henry take the lead. With nose to the ground and eagerness in his step, Henry headed for the central building where he knew his target would be. They made good time down the hill and through the security gate. Only once did they stop to fight and Henry watched Yon easily dispatch the cheetah that attacked from the shadows. The scent of blood and death clung to the air. 
Any other day, Henry would have stopped to relish it. But not this time. He needed to reach his quarry first. They made it to the building and found the doors wide open. Bodies were strewn about on the ground and inside.
::Someone beat us here.:: Yon sniffed a body and sneezed. ::Make that two someones.::
Henry trotted around Yon, got a good whiff and growled angrily. ::Impossible! After all this time, he dares to show his face?::
Yon nudged Henry with his nose. ::What's wrong? Are we not in the correct place?::
::No, that is not the problem. There is an unforeseen snag to my plans, but I will deal with it when it arises. It appears that Alpha Donil has been here as well. I don't smell any Council members, but many of the dead outside were regulars in the Council's court.::
Henry ran down the hall, angry that his twin had found some way to be present. He would be the one to rid the world of Zina. No one else. He growled, and Yon, still on his heels, followed as they hurried toward the building's interior.
Henry made a right turn, still tracking Stefan's scent when a mental scream ripped through his mind disorienting him. He crashed into Yon who was having trouble, too.
::What was that!:: Yon demanded and sagged against the nearby wall panting.
::I don't know. No time. We must hurry or the quarry will win.::
::I think not. I never lose my prey, Henry.:: Yon boasted and surged to his feet with fangs bared.
::The scream was nearby.:: Henry changed course. They neared the end of a hallway and a giant boom rocked the building. The two Alphas yelped in surprise as the floor bucked and they were knocked off their feet.

~***~

Laylah whimpered when the first slice of Zina's knife bit into her right arm. The cut was shallow but it stung.
“Does that hurt, Little Prey? It does? Good,” Zina purred. “Feel free to scream any time you want.”
Laylah kept her eyelids squeezed shut. If she looked at Zina, she might not like what she saw. Who was she fooling? Of course she wouldn't like what she saw! A mad, crazy lunatic was slicing her up like she was the main course.
“I hate it when people ignore me, especially an abomination like you. Do you think you're better than me? Because you're not. Your parents might have gotten away with breaking the rules and having you, but I will rectify that mistake by snuffing out your life!” Zina's sinister laugh filled Laylah with terror. “Mama always told me not to play with my food. Good thing I didn't listen well,” Zina cooed.
“You're sick! Let me go!” Laylah screamed and opened her eyes. She blinked and felt her heart race.
Zina's eyes narrowed and, without turning, she spoke. “Donil, my dear old friend. If you don't wish me to gut her, stop moving. Why you thought you could sneak up on me is laughable. Besides, her eyes gave you away. All that hope replacing my well cultivated fear.”
Zina's sneer worried Laylah. Yes, she was relieved to see Donil. It meant, at least to Laylah, an end to this madness. She would worry later how Zina knew Donil.
Zina moved behind Laylah's chair and draped herself over Laylah's shoulders making sure to place the knife against Laylah's throat.
Donil snarled but didn't move from his spot. Laylah's gaze stayed on him. If she allowed herself to think of the insane woman who could end her life, she would lose hope. That definitely wouldn't help save her from this predicament. I trust you, Donil, she mouthed to him.
“Well, Boy, I have a proposition for you. Why don't we both enjoy the prey?”
Laylah stiffened, surprised by Zina's offer.
“I'm not like you, Zina. I don't hurt and kill innocents,” Donil retorted.
Zina laughed and nuzzled Laylah, her warm, cloy breath blowing across Laylah's cheek. “So high and mighty. Too bad the snot-nosed, fawning kid grew up. Such a waste. Did you know, Donil, that I've tasted her blood?”
Donil growled and took a step toward them.
“Uh, uh. Wrong move,” Zina taunted and nicked Laylah's neck. “Oh, lookie! The prey bleeds.”
Laylah gasped and fought down a scream. She saw Donil's enraged glower. Calm down, please calm down, she silently begged him. Couldn't he see it excited Zina to see him lose control?
“Stop hurting her, Zina!” Donil opened his mouth again and suddenly snapped it shut.
His abrupt pause and unfocused look distracted Laylah from the knife at her throat. He blinked and, when he talked again, his reasonable tone surprised Laylah.
“Do you think, Zina, that if you injure the girl, it will bring him to you? Perhaps even make him beg for your love?”
Zina tensed behind Laylah, the knife moving closer to her skin. Laylah prayed that Donil knew what he was doing.
“He's incapable of loving anyone except himself and his money. C'mon, you're better than that! Find a male who wants you, for you.”
Zina's mocking laughter filled the quiet room. “Ah, to be young again and so incredibly naïve. You know those with power don't have the luxury of fairy tale endings. And if I can't have one, no one can. Enough talking. Come take me if you're able. Look, I'll even make it easy for you.” She leaned in closer to Laylah's neck and murmured, “Pain is a great incentive.”
“What? Ow!” Laylah shrieked as Zina sank her teeth into Laylah's neck. She felt lightheaded and vaguely heard Donil's enraged bellow mixed with Zina's maniacal giggles. 
Laylah blinked and saw Donil charge Zina who had moved from behind the chair to meet Donil's rush. Laylah heard the impact of bodies and winced. Another wave of dizziness swamped her. She had to stay awake and get free. Laylah started working the knots and tried to break loose.

Chapter 64 

Stefan had decided to stay in the shadows while the brash Donil attacked Zina. He took the opportunity to belly-crawl toward Laylah's chair. His paws were silent as he inched along. He didn't need Zina's attention on him. Not yet, at least. Stefan made it to his niece and pushed his cold nose against her hand. He felt her jerk and then go still.
::Hey, want out of this hell hole?:: He heard Laylah's hiss of recognition and then he received a surprise.
::You! You were in my head at school during the fight with Violet. Who are you? Wait, you're one of them!::
::You can speak mind-to-mind?:: Stefan was confused. Henry and Jacques maintained, in fact insisted, that Laylah was not capable of telepathic speech. She could receive thoughts, yes; send them, no. 
::You can send thoughts?:: he asked again. He felt Laylah's amazement through the link they shared.
::I didn't know I could. I mean, I never tried to before. Are you here to help me? I can't break the ropes like last time.::
Stefan licked her fingers. ::Yes, I will free you. Be still.:: He clamped his teeth around the loose part of the rope and with a savage jerk, broke it.
Laylah rubbed her wrists and glanced down at him. ::Can you get both feet? If not, Crazy Lady had a knife.::
Stefan looked about, but didn't see one. ::Stay seated. I know where one is.:: He licked her hand again and belly-crawled back to the door he'd used before. Donil and Zina still grappled with each other across the room and away from Laylah.
Stefan knew Zina's ways. She was toying with the Panther Alpha. His former love held the mistaken belief that a wolf was better than any feline. It had been one of the few things they'd never agreed on. Feline Alphas were more dangerous because they didn't worry about the clan's thoughts on their decisions. Plus, the larger cats outweighed any single wolf. He was banking on Zina's arrogance. It would give Donil the opening he needed. Still thinking about the two fighting Alphas, Stefan missed the footsteps of an approaching opponent and was bowled over.
Stefan snarled, rolled and snapped at his assailant. He felt his teeth score flesh. He jerked and came away with fur. Stiff-legged, he stood and waited for his opponent to stand.
::Stupid, Boris. Very stupid.::
::My Alpha will be thrilled to see you dead.:: Warily, the tan-gray wolf stared at Stefan.
Stefan snorted. ::Yes, Henry would celebrate my demise. But, sorry to disappoint. It's not gonna happen today.::
::And why not?:: Boris demanded.
Stefan yipped, his eyes dancing with laughter when a tranquilizer dart hit the unsuspecting Boris in the flank, knocking out the Beta Enforcer.
::Took you long enough,:: Stefan groused and then wagged his tail.
“I'm in no hurry to tangle with my Alpha or Gerard,” Alexis retorted. “Here, I do believe you need this.” He held up a dagger.
Stefan growled.
“Hey, don't get mad at me. I love watching a good fight and the young panther is doing well. I saw you with your niece and knew what you needed. So here, watch the edges. I've got to go. Don't need to be rounded up by the Council's army.”
::You really are a grouchy bear, Alexis. Much thanks for the assist.:: Gingerly, Stefan took the blade between his teeth. ::Go hibernate somewhere and come back in a year or two. They will have forgotten your part in this mess.::
“Perhaps, old friend. Perhaps. Oh, by the way, Jacques and the rest of Henry's obedient Betas are fuming on the southeast hilltop.” Alexis waved and lumbered down the hall.
Stefan shook his head. People never ceased to amaze him. He trotted back inside and peeked in on the fight. Zina and Donil were still human which made him frown. Why hadn't they gone animal? He didn't have time to wonder. Using the shadows for cover, he made it to Laylah, who'd had enough presence of mind to keep her hands behind the chair as if still bound.
::Good girl. Here. Be careful. It's very sharp. I will keep watch.:: He laid the dagger in her left hand.
::Thank you.:: She started sawing away at the rope.
Stefan whipped around when he heard the crash. Zina was shifting to her Werehum form. ::Change, Alpha!:: Stefan roared at Donil.
::Be quiet, old man! Besides I can't.::
::What do you mean, you can't? Are you mad? Zina will kill you if you don't!::
::Laylah doesn't know I'm Were. And I don't want her to find out this way. Get her out of here, Stefan!::
::Of all the idiotic...! Fine, I'll get my niece out of here.:: Angry at the Panther Alpha's stupidity, Stefan nipped Laylah's hand.
::Ouch! Stop that! These knots are tough and I'm going as fast as I can.:: Laylah glared at him.
::Less talk, more cutting.:: Stefan snapped. He smelled blood. Things were going from bad to worse.
Laylah freed one leg and started on the other. Stefan helped by gnawing on the knots. The final rope fell and he took her hand in his mouth, careful to not pierce her skin. ::Come.::
::What about Donil? We can't leave him here.:: She hesitated.
Stefan growled a warning. ::Move! You are a distraction he cannot afford!:: He regretted yelling at her the instant she gave him a wounded look. ::Laylah, I didn't...::
“Die, Boy!” Zina shouted triumphantly, startling Stefan and Laylah. 
Stefan whipped his head up and saw Zina slide her claws home inside Donil's abdomen. ::No!:: He threw back his head and howled defiance. Helpless, he watched Zina retract her claws and push Donil backwards.
The younger man staggered and went down, writhing in pain.
“Never send a boy to do a man's job,” Zina taunted and kicked Donil's leg. “And you, Stefan, did you really think I wouldn't recognize your scent? You're such a naughty boy, trying to steal my prey.”
Stefan bared his fangs and took a step toward her. ::You die, this day, Zina!:: He would have said more but Laylah once more surprised him.

Chapter 65
Saturday, 4:15 am

Outside, the battle had slowed. Isabella stood and watched as General Nancer's soldiers rounded up the traitors and loaded them into the transports. A good hunt indeed. Only one thing remained. She heard her favorite assassin approach and smiled. “Yes, Drayden?”
“My lady, we found Henry's Betas. Only Jacques seems angry about Henry's order to not help with the rebels.” He came to a stop beside her and stared at the captured Weres.
“Interesting. Tell me, Drayden. Do you think the Le Croix brothers are inside? I know Alpha Donil is. After all, he's in love,” she sneered.
“We have confirmed that both Le Croix men as well as Alpha Yon are in the main building.”
“Yon? Most intriguing. Make a note to set spies on the Jaksenville Alpha. I don't wish to be blindsided. Now, my faithful Beta, let's go feast on the bones of our last remaining enemy.” Isabella gave a seductive laugh and shifted into her polar bear form.
Drayden respectfully waited before he, too, changed. All around Weres shifted and soon the area was filled with animals of all kinds.
::Come, my friends. Death to the leader of the traitors!:: 
Raucous calls answered Isabella's summons. She took the lead and lumbered to the building that held Zina. Once and for all, the matter of who ruled shall be settled. Humming with anticipation, Isabella entered and made it only a few feet when a telepathic scream scraped her mental ears and pulled a snarl from her. The Weres with her voiced their pain. Some lost control of their animal form and returned to human, clutching their heads and screaming in agony.
Who was that? So powerful, was Isabella's last thought before she blacked out.

~***~

Laylah could only stand, rooted to her spot in total panic and disbelief as Donil was injured by Zina. What should she do? He needed help! No one was there to help, except the wolf.
When Zina called the wolf, Stefan, Laylah became wary. Was Stefan going to turn on her? She had to stop this madness. She couldn't take it anymore!
“...I'm going to kill you, Stefan. But first, I need to get rid of this runt of a problem,” Zina giggled and stabbed her claws downward toward the prone Donil. “Yes! Die, Boy!”
“No!” Laylah screamed and felt her other self, the strong girl she dreamed of at night, rise up and, with that surge, came the power. She'd never felt so powerful before, except in her dreams. Laylah was moving, the dagger she had freed herself with still clutched in her hand. She realized that she loved Donil too much to let someone like Zina take his life away.
Stefan's howl of warning did not faze Laylah. She let all her pent up rage and fear fill her and spill out. Zina was like Violet, always seeking to harm others. 
::“No!”:: Laylah roared and her perception became altered. Time seemed to slow. ::I'm not going to make it!:: 
::You will make it. Remember, you can do anything you want. Believe and it will be so.::
Laylah heard the kind voice and felt a tingle of familiarity. Time resumed and, with only seconds to grasp the situation, she flung herself across Donil. Zina's claws sliced into Laylah's back and she screamed as fiery pain blossomed along her nerves.
“Laylah!” Donil panted, too injured to help her, his eyes glazed and unfocused.
“Shh, I'm here,” she whispered, ignoring her hurt back. She was yanked off him and spun around to collide with Zina's fist. Laylah felt blood spray from her nose and this new source of pain made her scream.
“Stupid, prey! How dare you interfere! Now he'll pay dearly for your interruption!” Zina slapped her hard and Laylah's vision swam.
::You know what to do. Always save the thing you love. Fight, Laylah, fight for it!:: the kind voice urged.
“Why don't you die, you evil bitch!” Laylah yelled and blindly lunged forward with the dagger. She gasped at her abrupt release.
Zina's incredulous expression didn't connect with Laylah at first. She was too stunned to do more than stare at her tormentor. 
At the same moment, they glanced down. Laylah's hand gripped the hilt of the dagger, the only visible part as the rest was buried in Zina's right side.
Laylah started crying. “I'm sorry! I'm so sorry, but I won't let you hurt him,” she whispered and let go of the dagger. She stepped away from the older woman.
Zina stumbled backward and hissed, “This isn't over, whelp. You can all die together!”
Laylah sank to her knees beside Donil, too emotionally drained to do anything. Her fingers sought his. If she was to die, at least she wasn't alone. She closed her eyes as the room began to shake and the sound of breaking things filled the air.

Chapter 66
Saturday, 4:30 am

During the fight with Donil, Zina had been in full bloodlust. Everything was going well until the prey stabbed her. She couldn't believe that wimpy, pathetic girl had found the courage to defy her. Enraged, Zina gathered her Alpha energy and slammed the telekinetic blast outward, starting a tremor that would bring down the building and kill everyone inside. Zina threw Stefan one last look and left him, Donil and the prey in the room.
In the corridor, Zina paused to pull the dagger out of her side. She flung it away. She would seek revenge. No one bested her. No one!
::Now, now, that was a waste of a good blade.::
Zina flicked her hair over her shoulder and ignored the two wolves at her back that blocked her only avenue of escape. No matter. She would be leaving. She had to start recruiting again. First, she had to take care of this last problem. 
Zina snorted. “Oh, give me a break. Henry, isn't it past your bed time? Oh, wait, you only take cats to bed and not a proper wolf. It's why your brat is so weak. Lupine and feline don't mix. Don't worry. I took care of the abomination. She's dying as we speak. Come to me, my true Alpha mate. Let us rule together. Ditch the Council and let's start our own. My looks and strategy coupled with your smarts and money make the possibilities are endless.” 
She turned to the wolves who stared impassively at her. “Well?”
::Not today. We have loftier ambitions. You are, however, a thorny issue that I will rectify here and now.:: Henry bared his fangs.
Zina's fists clenched. Henry had rejected her yet again! “Very well, Backstabber. Pick one — quick and merciful or slow and excruciating?”
::How about D, none of the above.::
Zina's gaze flew to the south corner of the hall and she snarled. She shifted to Werehum and charged Isabella with claws swiping at the other female's face. Isabella, in polar bear form, avoided Zina's claws, displaying an agility that Zina was unaccustomed to seeing in bears. She bellowed her rage and prepared to attack again. ::Still sticking your nose where it doesn't belong, Bella?::
Isabella laughed. ::You have more to worry about than my nose.::
Zina heard a whisper of movement and spun to face her new attacker. It was Henry in Werehum form. Even knowing death stalked her heels, Zina had to admire his body ::It didn't have to be this way. We could have been great.::
::Only in your imagination, Zina. Now, dance!::
She let out a ringing roar and charged.

~***~

Jacques stared at the sun. A new day had arrived, yet it brought little joy. 
He was stuck on a hill while others went to rescue Laylah. Jacques didn't understand Henry's reasoning, not that his Alpha had bothered to explain. If anything happened to Laylah, Jacques would never forgive himself or his Alpha.
“Jacques, look. There's our Alpha!” Kenneth pointed to the middle building where dozens of Were streamed out and around Henry.
Jacques didn't see Laylah and his heart thumped painfully. “He doesn't have her.” Jacques tensed and made a choice. “Let's go. No more waiting.” He ignored the other Betas' stunned expressions and raced down the hill toward his Alpha. He came to an abrupt stop a foot away from Henry. “Is she alive, my Alpha?”
Henry sighed. “Laylah, Laylah, Laylah! It's all you talk about. Careful, Jacques, that I don't start thinking ill of you. She is fine. So am I, though the she-bitch's blood has stained my fur and skin. Bring Laylah to the mansion. She's grounded until further notice. I need to go change. Oh, and tell Alpha Yon that I shall meet up with him later.”
“Yes, my Alpha.” Jacques bristled at the orders, but remained calm until Henry was gone. He entered the building at a run and sneezed at the heavy coppery smell. He recognized the scent as well as the severed hand on the ground. “Guess Council law prevailed.”
“Jacques? Jacques!” 
He turned toward the sound and was nearly bowled over by a sobbing Laylah. She buried herself against his chest, clutching at his shirt and shivering.
“It's over, Laylah. Shh, you're safe.” Over the hysterical teen's head, Jacques saw movement in the shadows. 
Stefan stepped a little into the light, his eyes going to Laylah. 
::She's hurt, Jacques. Get her back checked out by a doctor. Zina clawed her pretty good.::
Jacques' gaze locked with Stefan's and he nodded. Stefan gave a mock salute and faded back into the darkness.
“Come, Laylah, let's get you home.” Jacques scooped up his precious burden. He kept her head turned so she wouldn't see the pieces of Zina that were strewn about. He made it to the limo and placed an exhausted and slumbering Laylah inside. Disaster had been averted and, now, maybe things could get back to normal. 

Chapter 67
Aftermath

Laylah sat on her bed and stared at the wall. Absently, she ran her fingers down the dagger in her lap. She had found it inside her locker at the academy covered in ordinary brown wrapping paper with a small envelope attached. She was still trying to work up the courage to open the envelope. Writing on paper was rare and expensive and she couldn’t think of anyone immediately that would use something like that for her.
Only a month ago, her reality had shattered and changed. Laylah was still trying to cope. No one in the house talked about her kidnapping. If she did mention it, the conversation was redirected to safer topics. Strangest of all was the switch in her father. No longer was he giving her the cold shoulder. He wasn’t overly warm, but he wasn’t constantly demeaning her either.
It still didn’t feel true. Laylah caressed the envelope. Dare she open it? Or was she going to get another nasty surprise?
Curiosity won and she tore the flap in her impatience. Inside was a slip of paper that slid easily into the palm of her hand. She felt her heart race as did her thoughts.
“Here goes,” she muttered and unfolded the letter. Laylah’s hands clenched as she stared at the neatly written words before her.

“Free yourself from your gilded cage. 
Seek the truth, little one, before your prison 
becomes your grave.”

Her gaze slid to the dagger. She clutched it to her chest, ignoring the bite of the blade into her flesh. Blood dripped from her hand. “Truth will be mine,” she whispered, her eyes filling with tears.

###
Author's Notes
The Founding and Struggles of New Terra
by Laylah Le Croix

In the twenty-first century, the Earth and all its numerous inhabitants, were steadily reaching technological highs that were unheard of decades and centuries past. Within these many nations lived those who were disturbed by such advances. While they welcomed some changes, they feared others.
It was because of this fear that these individuals began to reach out across the Internet and through language barriers to come together. Not all were poor men. Many came from the upper echelons of society. They all shared one ideal--a desire to preserve their heritages.  There was, however, another reason some answered this call. They were a group that had lived in secret, blending in with humans. But the Earth was getting too crowded for them and the desire to run free in their natural environments was strong. 
And so the Weres approached their human counterparts and a bargain was struck. They pooled their assets and, with the help of covert government agencies, began building a ship to take them to the uncharted reaches of space in search of a home to call their own. Construction began on the ship, Terra Freedom, in the year 2000 on a protected and unexplored island in the Pacific.
Some of the most brilliant minds in the various fields of science and technology worked together to make the venture a success. It was decided to maintain the same level of twenty-first century technology at their new home, but with improvements. Gone would be the gas-emitting vehicles and the need for fossil fuels. Instead alternative methods for powering vehicles and buildings - solar energy, wind-powered turbines and more - were to be used. 
In 2030, construction on the ship was moved to space to accommodate its large bulk and keep it safe from protest groups on Earth.
The ship was created with five thousand cold sleep storage units for passengers and crew. It boasted an impressive sixty cargo bays. An advanced A.I. would pilot the ship to the new planet and wake the crew upon arrival. A sample of every known flora and fauna was also stored. Building materials and tools, along with keepsakes from each family, would fill the cargo areas. Only construction vehicles that used solar energy were allowed on-board.
In 2050, the invitation was extended to Weres and humans willing to venture into the unknown regions of space to apply for berth on the ship. Two thousand human families and two thousand Were families were put into cold sleep and launched into space in the year 2060.
Their journey took them to the Triangulum Galaxy. Upon arrival, terraformation of the chosen planet, New Terra, began. The families were awakened and sent to their new home in 2105.
Everything seemed to go well until rising inter-species tensions between humans and Weres led to a planet-wide power struggle for control of the land. The Were-Human Compact of 2110 set aside protected forest areas and habitats for the various Were groups. This was done in an effort to appease the Were community and move the more aggressive Were clans away from the human populace. 
Weres, not satisfied with the handout, waged legal battles to get the same rights and representation as their human counterparts, who dominated the upper levels of government. The Weres threatened war and, after three years of intense scrutiny, the Accords of 2130 was reached. Weres and humans had to have equal representation in the legislative and judicial levels and all key government positions had to have at least one Were representative assigned as co-decision maker.
The Accords of 2130, however, were only a temporary solution. Hatred and riots flared and continued to grow in intensity. A breakdown in peace talks between the Were Councils and the human governments led to the call to settle their differences on the battlefield.
In 2150, humans and Weres went to war. Most of the technological advances during this time were few and far between. The fighting was bloody and raged for a decade. It wasn't until a deadly virus was unleashed, decimating humans and Weres alike, that the attitudes of both sides began to change. 
Banding together, the two groups caught the culprits and called a cease-fire. A cure was found and dispensed to all those infected. The two populations had lost many to the disease. A peaceful accord was reached and the 2160 Hesen-Anderson Peace Accord was signed into effect. Today, Weres and humans live in relative peace, but there is always the fear that another Human-Were war could erupt.
Author's Notes
Were Society


Within Were society, there are some general terms that describe a Were's status, type and relationship to others.

Clan – Species name (example: Lupine, Feline)

Tribe – Breed name (example: Wolf, lion.)

Family – Ruled by an alpha male, alpha female or alpha pair. Most families are made up of members from the same tribe. Some times families form that have a cross-section of tribes and are ruled by the strongest alpha, no matter the clan.

“Alpha” refers to the leader of a family. “Beta” refers to the second-in-command. Most families have multiple Betas who also double as enforcers. “Omega” refers to the lowest ranked member. They are often scorned by other pack members.

An “enforcer” is a Were member who is used as hired muscle and security. Betas are usually assigned this role as well.

The Were Council is the ruling body for Weres and each territory has one. The Council is made up of 12 to 20 members.

Weres have three forms: human, Werehum, animal. The Werehum form is a combination of the human and animal. In the Werehum form, Weres walk upright on two legs.

An “outcast” is a Were who has been barred from a clan or family. There are very few crimes which warrant this punishment. An that catch an Outcast out in the open can kill them.

A “sanctuary” is a specific area where Outcast Weres can live without threat of death or reprisals.


Lakisha Spletzer loves hearing from readers. She invites you to join her: http://www.kishazworld.com to learn more about her and her stories. She also likes email: author@kishazworld.com

*If you would like to the participate in the online writing event known as NaNoWriMo, and you are 13 and up, please visit http://www.nanowrimo.org. If you are younger than 13 and want to join in the writing fun, visit http://ywp.nanowrimo.org

About the Author

Lakisha Spletzer is a single mother of two who lives in Citrus County, in Florida. A native of Coeburn, Virginia, she moved to Florida in 2004 and credits the rise of her creativity to the warmth and sunny days.
Lakisha has an Associate of Art & Sciences from Mountain Empire Community College and a Bachelors of Arts in Communications from the University of Virginia-Wise. She teaches dance at Dance Central in Inverness, Florida and works for H & R Block during tax season.
When she isn't reading books by authors Elissa Malcohn, K.L. Nappier, and other science fiction/fantasy/paranormal authors, Lakisha can be found writing down the adventures rattling around in her head as well as poetry that strikes without warning. 
She describes her writing style as a blend of her favorite genres. This is her YA first novel.

Email: author@kishazworld.com 
Website: http://www.kishazworld.com




About the Illustrator

J. D. Hollyfield is an artist in many mediums including wood, leather, metal, paint, and graphic design. He currently resides in the mountains of southwestern Virginia. 

Visit his website at http://www.jdhollyfield.com
