

WHEN LIONS RUN
Book 1 - The Gold

P.D. Stargazer

Copyright © 2018 P.D. Stargazer
All rights reserved.
Distributed by Smashwords
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com

CONTENTS
The Dream
PART 1
1. The Mud
2. Just Tell Her
3. The Gift
4. A Fine Cottage
5. Along Way To Go
6. Gold On The Wind
PART 2
7. The Towten
8. Carlton Arrives
9. The Tinnin
10. Carlton & Gengermen
11. Not All Fun And Games
12. Farewell
13. The Towten Flee
14. Gengermen Exposed
15. The Border War
16. A Dream Come True
17. They Arrive
18. Malinda
19. Secret Escape
20. Jay
21. The Strange Woman
22. The Towten Vanished
23. The Gift Backfires
PART 3
24. Dungeoned
25. Hummy Falls
26. Jay Disappears
27. Hidden Gems
28. They Flee
29. Darkest Night
30. Love Found
31. The Rescue
32. The Execution
33. The Wedding
34. Andly
35. The Little King
36. They Are Upon Us
PART 4
37. The Green
38. The Misch
39. Skipper
40. Misch Life
41. The Treasure
42. The Journey
43. The Dreamers
44. The Lull
45. Sleep Dearly

The Dream
A young girl with an apron full of beautiful blossoms approaches a calm, placid river. She places a lovely flower in the water. Slowly and gently it floats to the other side where a king sits. He sees something glimmering, it was like the sun. It was gold. His heart raced, on his knees he crawled in, looking for more, digging, thrashing, kicking and splashing desperately seeking its source. All this emotion caused the once calm river to rage with rapids. The noise awakens the sleeping vipers, and they fell from the trees and into the River aimed at the point of disturbance, the king.
Princess Ellanora awakened in a cold sweat. Another dream, a bad one, at least she was able to wake up before the vipers reached her father. For the rest of the night, she would lay in bed trying to think of a way to warn him. She was strictly forbidden to speak of her dreams. You see, they always came true and her father found them unnerving, as looking back was the only time they ever made sense. What good is a warning when it’s unclear, always a riddle, a mystery, or a puzzle.
The next morning, she sent a bird to her secret confidante. Perhaps he can help. He was soon to arrive at Wardee Palace to formally receive his deceased father’s title, Lord Carlton.


PART 1

1.
THE MUD
Tall, slender Samuel stood outside the workshop barn watching as two barefoot girls sled off a mule. Hannah, the oldest, had a piece of tattered ribbon braided in her hair, and her younger sister Piper, had a piece of white rag tying down a huge red bush of a head.
Neat and clean but plainly dressed, they unloaded the mule, pulling their colorfully wrapped bundles off its back.
The girls made eye contact with Samuel. He smiled and held it for Piper, who was eventually embarrassed and turned away. With a giggle, she caught up with her sister heading up the walk to a neat little cottage with a red roof and arched red door.
Samuel was shortly joined by his coworker Jared. “Oh, now we'll get no work done around here.” Samuel's eyes sparkled. "Why don't you just go over and ask Aden for her?"
Samuel dropped his head. "Not yet, I don't have the means. I would like to feel good about myself when I face her family. Not just some poke living with you."
Jared laughed and patted him on the back. "She may be gone by the time you’re more than that."
Inside the cottage, the girls were greeted by their Aunt Olive and Uncle Aden with hugs. The cottage was roomy inside. Their two small nephews chase one another between the ladies’ long skirts.
Olive had jet black hair and eyes, with pale skin, making her eyes look huge. Tall and slender, she kept her hair pulled back so tight; a strand never fell out of place.
Uncle Aden was also tall and handsome with a touch of gray starting to show at his temples. His cold blue eyes made one feel uneasy until he showed off a set of beautiful, perfect white teeth, behind his full beard.
Olive pointed to a cleared corner of the room with a large straw stuffed mattress on the floor. "Put your load down, and come and tell me about my sister." Aden left the house, and the girls dropped the bundles and crowded their aunt.
Olive stood in a window at a makeshift wash basin, cleaning Tammies[1]. Hannah leaned over the counter so she could get a good look at her aunt’s face. "Mother is doing so much better now, and she sends her deepest love and gratitude, she and father both."
Piper put her arms around her aunt and leaned her head over her shoulder. "We are also, so grateful you came." She kissed her neck and laid her head against her back. "Some people we know didn't live through it."
Olive stopped for a moment and placed a wet hand on Piper. "We are blessed. And how’s your baby brother."
"Wilder than ever!" Hannah cried. "He sneaks outside."
A surprised Olive turned to Hannah, “Oh no, he can’t be that big already.”
Olive pulled a Tammie out of the water and placed it on the counter, and the mood and conversation changed.
With eyes wide, Hannah shouted, "Look at the size of that Tammie! It’s going to be a good crop this year."
She gets Piper's attention, she picks it up, "Are they all like this?"
All smiles, Olive answered, "We’ve pulled a few, and they all look like this one… and oh so sweet." Their faces glowed with excitement.
The next morning Olive and the girls stepped outside and stood on the edge of a ravine, while Aden pulled a water gate lose. The water ran down into the field to make a mud patch.
With their dresses tied above their knees, the ladies stepped out barefoot deep into the muddy water. They whooped and hollered as the mud mushed through their toes. Falling to their knees, they each took a row. “Oh, that’s cold” Olive screeched.
With their bare hands, they dug and pulled tammies from the mud, then tossed them onto the grass. “Oh, this has to be a big one.” Piper struggled, and with a splash, she fell backward, uprooting a whopper. A muddy mess, she held it up. “Look, a monster.”
By late afternoon, dozens of muddy tammies laid on a large piece of burlap, as the ladies drug them to a rock bed flat, in the nearby brook. They rinsed themselves off from head to toe, then sat alongside the tammies and helped the rushing water clean them off.
A wet and clean Olive climbed out of the water and headed back to the house. Piper’s hair still wet looked tame. Hanna wiped a clump of mud from tammies. “I’ve never seen a harvest like this one. Look at them, they’re huge. One could feed a whole family. And we’ve only just started.”
Piper laid back on the flat and let the water rush through her hair and over her body. “I think they could make it all the way to the palace. They’re beautiful and fit for a king. I hope our harvest does the same.”
The days go by, and row after row is completed. After dinner when the sun has almost gone down the tammies lay dry. Aden stacks them and drags them into the barn where Samuel helps him stack them.
One day Piper was busy at work, knee deep in mud and water. She pulled up a tammie and saw something shiny on it, a small golden nugget. She examined it and tried to wash the mud off in some shallow water. She smiled at the glimmering piece of stone and whispered to herself, “How beautiful you are. Who planted you?” She looked to see her sister and aunt just a tad too far the show her new find. With no pockets, she placed it in her mouth.
Later at the brook washing, Hanna noticed a bulge in Piper’s mouth, “What’s in your mouth?”
“Oh!” Piper spits it out. “It’s a stone, a shiny one.” She handed it to her sister.
Hanna’s mouth fell open, and she shook her head in disbelief. “I think it may be gold, but I’m not sure, I’ve never seen any. It must be brass, but I’ve never seen a brass rock before either.”
As the sun started to set, the clean tammies lay drying in the sun. The sun had dried their clothing and Pipers head was a huge ball of fiery red hair. Hannah pulled a few strings of burlap and tried to tie it down.
As they walked up the hillside, Piper tossed the stone from one hand to the other. Olive was outside pulling a few twigs of rosemary from a bush and joined the girls at the door.
Olive placed the rosemary into a bowl and started to crush it into a paste. She poured fat and a little milk and crushed it some more. The girls sat at the table; she sat the bowl between them never noticing the golden stone lying near. They dab into the mixture and lotion their legs, feet, hands, and arms.
Hanna looked out the open door. “We must have another week or two to go. I hope we get them out in time. Sorry, we’re so slow, they’re just so big this year.”
Olive replied with a smile, “Oh hush my sweet, everyone you pull is one I don’t have too.” They laughed. “You girls work so hard, get dressed and rest before supper.”
At supper, the main cores was of course tammies. Hannah turned to Aden. Uncle, these are so sweet, do you think you’ll be carting them off to the palace? The quiet Aden smiled and rolled his eyes to the ceiling. She waited, then… “If so, can we go?”
Aden snickered, “Maybe so, maybe so.” The sisters grinned from ear to ear.
“Oh, that reminds me.” Piper added, “Look what I found in the patch today.” She handed him the golden nugget.
Aden’s face fell as he examined the rock. He gave Piper a serious look that made the girl's complexion flush. “Where did you find this?” Shaken, she answered, “I, I, pulled it out with a tammie.”
Olive with eyes widened, asked, “what, what is it?” Aden held it between his thumb and forefinger and rolled it. “Oh, my word. Is that?” She jumped from her seat, covering her mouth.
Aden turned back to Piper, who was by this time almost in tears. “Child, where did you find this?” They eased up from their seats. “Show me exactly.”
They stood at the edge of the mud patch. Piper pointed, “There, right there.” Aden and Olive walked out on to the somewhat dry mess, Aden motioned “Come child show me.”
Piper tiptoed with her clean feet, to the spot. “Here, right here.” She pointed with her big toe. Aden exhaled, looked around then pulled a rag from his pocket and stuck it into the ground. He looked at the girls then Olive, “Some noblemen could have dropped it. This is probably the only one.”
A breathless Piper shook her head, “No there were more.”
At that, Aden stormed into the house, muddy shoes and all. The girls looked to their aunt for answers. Piper sank, “Aunt Olive what have I done? What’s wrong?”
Olive spun around with tears of joy, and her hands clasped in prayer fashion. “No, my sweets, this is the most wonderful thing ever.” The look of fearful faded to joyful. She took the girls by the hand and led them to the water to wash.
Hanna questioned Olive, “Is it…?”
Olive took her by the shoulders with tears still streaming, “Yes,” she hugged her and whispers “Yes, yes, it is, It’s gold.”
Inside the cottage, Aden paced back and forth, Olive had put the little ones to bed. The ladies sat at the table silently until Aden broke the ice. He leaned over the table between them, “Okay ladies, I have a plan but it must be followed to the mark, or we could all lose our lives.” All eyes were like saucers.
The next morning the family moved through their morning activities as if nothing had changed. The ladies make their way to the field and Aden being a smith and farrier made his way to the workplace he shared with Samuel and Jared.
Later in the day, Aden called to Samuel. “Sammy boy, do you think you could cover for me? The ladies are a little slow pulling the roots. I don’t want them to rot.”
Samual put on a smile, “Sure, but I’m keeping every cent I make.”
With a pat on the back, Aden agreed. “Fair enough, I wouldn't want it any other way.”
Aden sat on the steps rolling up his sleeves, pulled off his shoes and pulled his stocking up over his knees. The ladies still fast at work in the patch, looked up and beamed, as if working in the mud was suddenly a wonderful experience.
Aden took a burlap bag and made a grimace as he sank into the cold mud. He squished his way to the spot where the rag marked Piper’s spot. On to his knees, his hands dove into the wet muck, and the shiny medal glimmered through the dirty water.
He stares, the ladies watch and wait for his response. He launches a huge grin, showing all his flawless white teeth. They quietly went back to work.
At the end of the day, Aden rinsed himself and a nice size burlap sack in the river. He knotted and dropped it in his pants. Then he helped the ladies drag the wet tummies up on land to dry.
Samuel passed Aden’s house later that night, dragging a string of goats’ home. He could hear whispering followed by loud laughter. And why wouldn't they laugh out loudly, he thought. They had the richest, hugest, sweetest crop anyone had seen in years.
After a few weeks, Aden was finding little to nothing, and that was just as well, for the ladies had finished pulling the tammies. He no longer had an excuse to be in the mud patch.
That night, after supper, they closed all the windows and blew out all but one candle. Aden pulled back a floorboard and sat the fat sacks on the table, one for every day, a kings’ ransom. Faces flushed, and hands covered mouths to keep them from screaming with joy.
Aden’s face glowed from the reflection of the candle, warned, “Remember not a word.” And with his own face covered with a smile, he whispered, “Stop smiling so much.”
In the morning, Hector rolled a large cart up to Aden’s barn where the tammies were stacked and ready to go. Samuel joined in to help. Hector held one of the larger tammies.
“You’ve certainly outdone yourself this year Aden. You say they’re also sweet?”
“That they are, friend.”
“Then I’ll have this one for dinner. And if they are truly as sweet as you say, I will indeed drive them up to the palace gates and get a good price, maybe even a piece of silver.”
Aden laughed, “What are the chances of that?” Hector tilted his head, “You never know.”
As they threw the last bag on the wagon, Aden patted Hector on the shoulder, “Get what you can.” Hector climbed onto his wagon and rode off. Samuel scratched his head, “He’s right you know. He could surprise you with a piece of silver this year.”
The next morning Hannah and Piper sat alongside the brook, washing clothing in the rocks. Soaking wet, they laid them out on the trees to dry in the sun.
Hannah caught Samuel watching and heading in their direction, dragging a cow toward Aden’s barn. “Look who’s watching you. He’s always watching you.” She stopped what she was doing and frantically checked her pockets. “I don't know why? Look at your hair, a wild ball of red frizz. It’s always a mess. Here let me fix it before he makes his way here.”
She pulled a strip of blue fabric from her pocket and tried to tie it, but it was too short. “Oh, this won’t do, I’ll be right back.” She stepped out of the water and ran to the house.
This was the moment Samuel had been waiting for. He pranced over to the hard at work Piper. “What happened to your sister? It looked like she saw me and ran away.”
Piper didn’t raise her head. “You couldn't scare anybody.” Samuel was silent with embarrassment. She looked up, “Oh, I’m sorry, I didn't mean it in a bad way.”
He cracked a slight smile. “I wanted to thank you for the bread and pie.”
“My sister helped me bake it.”
“It was sweet, sweet as, like you.” She smiled and went back to work.
He reached into his shoulder satchel and pulled out a beautiful but crudely made metal comb. “I made this for you, for your, your beautiful hair.”
She looked up in surprise and ran her wet hands through her hair to calm it. “You think my hair is beautiful?”
Samuel held the comb out to her. “I’ve never seen anything like it. I wish this were made of gold. Would you allow me to place it?”
At that moment, Hannah came running out of the house with a long blue ribbon. She slowed down at the sight of them.
Piper pulled her hair back, “Hannah, can you help me? Look what he made for my hair. She took it from Samuel and handed it to Hannah.
“Oh, it’s beautiful, but I’m not sure it’s big enough.”
Piper turned so Hannah could try to clamp it but even wet her hair was too thick. Disappointed, Samuel took it back. “I can enlarge it or make a hole here and there so you can pull a ribbon through. I’ll bring it back tomorrow.”
The ladies blushed at each other and stood speechless as Hannah took a moment to pull and bind Piper's hair with a beautiful twist of ribbon.
When she finished, the silence was awkward, and she looked for an excuse to leave them alone. “I think I’ll take the dry things inside. I’ll be back.” Piper went back to work washing. Samuel knelt beside her, and his voice softened, “With the harvest done, you’ll be going home soon. Piper, I know your uncle just had a big crop, and he’s a big man. So, this is not the year for me to ask, but one day I’ll have a cottage of my own, and I would like you to be my wife… if you’ll have me?”
Piper stopped washing, but wouldn’t look up at him. He continued, “I know how to do everything your uncle does, I’m a good furrier, ask him?”
The moment was interrupted when Hannah screamed. Samuel turned to find the goats had followed him and were everywhere. One grabbed a dress and ran off with it. They chase the goat up a hill and down into a lush green meadow.
Samuel finally caught it and threw the dress to Hannah who shook it out exposing a chewed area at the hem. “It’s done for.”
Piper rushed to inspect. “I can put a strip of fabric around the bottom, from mom’s remnant box.”
“Well, it’s your dress.” Hannah giggled.
Sammy shook his head. “I’m so sorry, they must have followed me.” The goat suddenly ran back toward the house. With panic and laughter, the young people chase, whack and yell until the menace were fought back.
Hannah started pulling all the dry clothing off the trees to take inside. Piper rang out the last article of clothing from the brook and placed it high on a tree limb. Olive called from the house that supper was ready.
When Piper finally looked Samuel in the face, he was surprised to find her eyes full of tears. “My dearest, what has upset you?” Her eyes wandered off knowing her life was about to change and he would not be a part of it.
Is it the dress? By the time you return, I could have another…”
“No, no not that” She shook her head. There was silence as they walked toward the cottage. Suddenly she stopped, inhaled, moved in close and whispered, “Sammy, I won’t be coming back,” she squeezed his hand.
Samuel sank as if stabbed in the chest. “What, what did you say? Why, why is this?” his voice quaked.
“I can’t explain. I’m sorry,” She never looked into his eyes but kissed him on the cheek, then ran off when she saw Hannah standing in the doorway watching. Samuel was dumbfounded.
That night at supper Samuel, Jared and his wife Nell pulled bread and ate tammies. Nell cleared her mouth, “You’re right they are sweet and without honey. Aden may just get a silver piece this year.”
“I’m sure of it. He filled Hector's wagon.” Jared said, getting no response from Samuel, “What’s eating at you?”
“They’re leaving.”
“What’s new about that, they do every year.”
“No, she’s not coming back.”
“Well go with them. I don’t know why you want that one anyway. She scrawny, the first failing[2] that sweeps by and she’ll be gone.”
Samuel had no response, just stared at his plate.
Jared added, “Now that Hannah she’s a strong and healthy one. She’ll last you a few years maybe even outlive you.”
“But my heart belongs to Piper.” Samuel’s voice pouted.
“Piper, oh my, the one with the head,” Nell joined in, “No wonder she’s so thin, she burns all her energy just trying to get a comb through that hair. Just think, if you wed her, you'll have a house full of those, all out of control.” Jared and Nell laughed loudly, even Samuel cracked a smile.
“Someday I hope to comb scented oils through it.”
Jared eyed Nell, then Samuel, “You’d better speak up, what if, as doubtful as it is, someone else wants her.” Jared rattled.
“You’re right, tomorrow I will ask if she’s betrothed. So, what if I don't sleep all night wondering.”
The next morning Samuel was surprised to find the entire family gone. After a brief search, he fed the chickens and led the cow out to pasture. Then returned to the shop where Jared had already started working.
Samuel checked to find Aden’s tools were still there. “They’re gone, the whole family, the girls his wife and boys.” Jared stopped to listen. “The wagon and horses are gone. I went inside the cottage and looked around, nothing is different, it’s the same as if they were out in the field. Only I found this note, I think he wants me to care for his farm.” He handed it to Jared.

2.
JUST TELL HER
A wagon arrived by the light of the moon, in front of David and Emma’s cottage. Hannah and Piper jumped off the back, and before anyone could peep out the window, they burst into the red arched front door. Hugs and kisses pass quickly and then to the surprise that followed, a visit from Olive, Aden and the boys, more greetings, kisses, and hugs are passed.
Aden and David found themselves alone by the fire drinking ale. The ladies sat in the kitchen, not having slipped a word about the gold. Emma was mystified by the glowing, smiling faces, with eyes heavy set on the silhouettes in front of the fireplace.
“Sister, what is this all about? Are you having another?”
Olive took her hand, and with watery eyes and a full smile she replied, “No!”
At last David roared and fell back in his seat covering his mouth. The two men jumped up and headed for the door when Emma stops them.
“David?”
“Shh, I’ll be right back.” The two men make three trips carrying small trunks. They set one on top the table and open it. Aden handed Emma one of the burlap sacks. She opened it and gasps, holding her chest she almost fainted. The table burst out with a shhh.
The next morning the family went along with their chores, as usual, only it’s harvest time for the plutus[3]. After breakfast, the men climb latter’s, pick the juicy fruit and drop it down to the ladies.
David and Aden walked the orchard. David was approached by two young boys. ‘Sir, did you still want us to help you with the fence?”
“Not today, my knee is a little sore, maybe next week, aye boys?”
Aden looked around, “You seem to have quite the crop yourself this year.”
“It’s been getting better. And wouldn't you know, now at its best, I would be planning to leave. Speaking of leaving? How did you just walk off and leave it all behind?”
“I left all in the hands of two young cousins; I shared a smith shop with. Eventually, I’ll send word as to the gift that it is. Do you have a similar acquaintance?”
“Not really, we are so removed from the rest of the village. Still, as you can see the plutus is barely ready to harvest and much of the fruit on the rim has been lifted.” He pulled a plutus and took a luscious bite. “So, we’ll harvest, send it to market and leave, supposedly to help you with your harvest. That’s the plan, without a word.” The two men have a hard-devilish smile.
Some weeks pass before Jared asks. “So, when do you think Aden will return?”
“I have no idea.” Samuel was barely listening, hard at work in the shop.
“I was just wondering; Nell really likes getting that free milk. And the wood we’ve borrowed, I would need some idea when I may have to replace it.”
“You lifted wood from his pile?” Samuel dropped a tool.
“Just until he gets back, I plan to replace it.”
“Make sure you do. I don’t want him thinking it was me.” They both stopped working.
“You know the worst of this is the way your acting.” Jerad snapped.
Samuel calmed a bit, “I can’t help thinking, what if she’s getting married today, right this moment. It could have been me; I just didn’t feel worthy.”
“What’s her father like anyway? I have to say, cousin, looking at the way they dress, I’m not impressed, it’s not like you’re facing a noble house or anything.”
“I have no Idea. I’ve only seen the girls here at harvest. They live in Pungit, just over the border into Hummy.”
“Well, that’s not that far. If the girl is so heavily on your mind and heart, go, go and see for yourself what she married. Put your mind to rest. I really don't like you this way, all soppy every day.”
“Your right, it couldn't be more than a day’s ride away. Can I trust you to care for the animals while I’m gone?”
“Of course, what do you think I am? Besides, you’ll be gone for what? Two to three days? How much can I eat and burn in that short time?
“Too much.” Samuel blew under his breath.
• • •
Hours later Samuel climbed on the back of one of Aden’s mules. “I shouldn’t be more than three days.”
Jared waved goodbye as Samuel slowly rode off down the road. Nell joined Jared in the shop to watch Samuel leave. “You let him leave?”
“Most definitely, now in addition to wood and free milk, we have tammies, eggs and who’s to say maybe a few chickens escaped.”
“And if the girl is married? I think he’ll be back a lot sooner.” She mumbled.
“In that case, I think one of those chickens will escape in time for dinner tonight.”
Nell put her hands on her hips and tilted her head. “Ya- know, I was thinking, if he brings her back, she can live in the barn with him, and we can use her to farm our own tammies.”
Jared looks surprised, “I thought you said you would never lower yourself to the level of working tammies in the mud?”
“I said; use her, to farm the damn things. Me, step in mud, like a pig? Never!”
“They say the mud is good for your skin.”
“Well, how can you tell? They’re just young girls, but it doesn’t seem to do much for your hair.”
Jared pulls on his patchy beard, and they gave each other a sneaky snicker.
Samuel crossed the border into Hummy, away from the high mountains and into the warmer valley. He passed one small town after another until finally reaching Pungit.
Feeling unnoticed, he asked a man “I’m looking for the Butterpot family, can you show me where they live?”
“No Butterpot live up here, but many families live down in the valley. They work in the Plutus fields. Especially now, it’s harvest time.” Samuel nodded to thank the man and continued his journey.
Along the road, he passed carts full of fruit. The aroma, smiling faces, and sheer beauty of the place made him feel like an outsider. He stopped at a cottage bigger than all the rest. Two ladies holding covered baskets were talking outside.
“Madams, can you tell me where I might find the Butterpot family?”
“Yes,” she points, “it’s the second house from the end. It has a red roof; you can’t miss it.”
“Thank you, oh and one other thing has there been a wedding?” The ladies looked at each other confused, shaking their heads when one answers, “Not that I know of.”
Sam couldn’t cover his elated smile. He nodded, thanking them and trotted off down the road.
He arrived at a well-kept red roof cottage, pulled off his hat and knocked on its arched red door, with the words, no wedding, still echoing in his mind.
Hannah opened the door. Her mouth fell open, then turned into a giggle and a smile. Without greeting him, she called her sister who came running drying her hands on her apron. Behind her stood her pleasantly surprised mother who finally gave a proper greeting. “Hello, young man, can I help you?”
Samuel could hear his heart beating, “I, I came to, to, I came to just visit. That’s all.”
“His name is Samuel, he’s from Nimbuland, Hannah blurts out.
Emma nodded, “Oh, you’re here to see Aden, come in, it’s Dinner, and he should be arriving shortly.” Won’t you come in and join us?”
Having an empty stomach for a day, he gladly excepted, “Oh thank you so much, I would love too.” Try as he may he couldn’t take his eyes off Piper or wipe the sick, silly grin off his face.
The girls whispered and giggled, pondering why he had come. He entered, looking around and moving in a humble manner. Piper and Hannah’s smile put him at ease; he found reassuring comfort in their eyes. He joined the ladies in the kitchen.
“So, Samuel is it?”
“Yes madam.”
“What brings you here? Is there a problem at Aden’s farm?”
“No nothing like that.” He looked at Piper, who inhaled deeply.”
Emma looked out the window. “Here they come now. A nervous Samuel jumped from his seat. “Excuse me,” he dashed out the door just missing Olive.
“Good heavens, wasn’t that Samuel, what on earth is he doing here?
“Aden,” Sam cried out, combing his fingers through his hair and putting his hat back on.
Surprised, Aden greets him. “Sammy boy, why are you here, is something wrong?”
“No, I needed to talk to you. I, I thought, I thought I was going to be saying goodbye, but actually, now I see nothing has changed.” He caught his breath, “I should be on my way.” But Aden became suspicious.
“Nonsense, why don't you stay for dinner and meet the rest of the family?”
“I met her mother, but, but not her father.” Like a weight was taken off his shoulders, Samuel re-entered the cottage. The table was set, and the smiling ladies placed food on it. Emma stood behind a chair. “Sammy, you sit here.” She showed him a seat between the two young ladies, who were delighted.
Aden had a seat at one end of the table and put a hard eye on the three young people.
“Jared watching things at my farm, robbing me blind as usual.”
“I made him promise not to.”
“Humm, No matter.”
David entered and hung his hat by the door. It was quiet as he took a seat at the other end of the table. He looked surprised as Emma handed him a wet towel to wipe his face and hands. “Dearest, this is Sammy from Nimbuland.”
Samuel stood and reached out to greet David but got nothing. He sat back in his seat befuddled. He felt his breath cut short and his brain was scrambled, words could not make a sentence in his mind, and his heart was racing.
David frowned, and Aden spoke “This is Sammy, he just kind of showed up here for no real reason. Right, Sammy?”
“Well not really.” He caught a quick glance at Piper, and with a deep breath he mustered up all his courage to proceed. “Sir I know the wealth and treasure of my heart lie here.”
There was a great gasp at the table, as David interrupts him. “Hush!” he roared, “Everyone leave!” he pointed, and all the ladies hurried out. They staggered in the doorway.
David’s eyes leveled and moved in on Samuel, who looked drained as if he were about to faint.
“The, the,” suddenly he saw Pipers ball of red hair with the sun bouncing off tips of gold. Delirious, he blurts, “Brilliant golden,” and fainted off his seat.
Samuel awakened lying on a cot, bound and gagged in a room alone. It’s dusk, and he could hear voices of heavy whispering.
“How, How, How then?”
“I swear, I said nothing, but nothing.”
“He can’t leave that’s certain. If he should say anything, I don’t need to tell you what will happen.”
“I suggest we leave as soon as possible and I’ll guard him until we’re safely overseas. “Shame, he seems like such a nice lad.
“Then tonight?”
“Tonight.”
Samuel’s eyebrows arch with fear as he struggled to get free. Periodically one of the girls would peep in with eyes wide and mouths covered.
Then Aden entered, “I’m sorry it has to be this way, but we can’t take a chance letting anyone know what you know. You can imagine what would happen if such a story got out.”
Samuel tried to talk through his gag with no success. Aden leaned over him and looked into his eyes. “You’ll not be going home anytime soon son.”
• • •
Later, a tearful Piper came in with a cup. Aden gave her a nod, “Call me if he gives you any trouble,” He looked at Samuel, “And you can apologize for what you have done. You have a moment.” And he left the room.
Piper pulled the gag away from his face, he caught a deep breath. “How did you find out?” she whimpered.
“Find out what?”
“Here drink this you’ll get no supper tonight.”
He drank, it was watered down broth, “Piper, are you in some kind of trouble? I love you I just want to help.” The word love seemed to flow out of his mouth so much easier now. “What’s this all about? What have I done?
“Drink, drink quickly.”
He thirstily gulped the broth and fell back on the pillow. He calmed his voice and took a serious look at her. “Piper, how can I help you?” She gave him a puzzled glare and answered,
“You can’t.”
Aden came back, and Piper covered Samuel’s mouth and slowly left. Aden crossed his arms and approached, “I had such plans for you lad. Don’t worry, I’ll let no harm come to you. Once we’re safe, you’ll be set free with fair to get you home. I owe your family that much.” Sammy shook his head in confusion.
Late in the night, Sammy was awakened in the dark. In the moonlit room, he made out two big silhouettes to be Aden and David. Aden whispered, “Son, can you see this?” He holds up what looks to be a cast-iron pan in the moonlight. Samuel moans, “Yes.”
“If you make the slightest whimper or make any attempt to escape, you'll find this skillet against your head.”
Outside was more whispering but so low he couldn’t make it out. He was made to lie down in the back of a cart with the ladies and was covered with hay, he fell asleep.
In the morning, he awakened to the sound of ladies laughing. Still covered with hay, he overheard Hannah, I want hard bottoms on my shoes. Piper added; I want a real comb and maybe fine scented oil for my hair.” Then there was silence as if they knew he was listening.
Suddenly the hay was pulled back from his face. The ladies just stared expressionlessly. Olive called out to the men driving the wagon. Husband, the boy is awake. Still bound and gagged, he laid periodically uncovered and covered when someone came passed the wagon. Unable to hear the conversation now, he drifted in and out of sleep.
Finally awakened by Emma, he found the wagon had stopped, and camp was made. “I have supper. Are you hungry?” Samuel nodded yes.
“I will remove your gag. But you are not allowed to utter a word, not even one. Do you understand?” Sammy gave an exhausted nod. She pulled the gag away and fed him. The girls watch from a distance with no smiles.
She gagged him again and covered him with hay. In the distance, he could hear laughter and watched it get darker.
The wagon wobbled and got his attention. Aden uncovered him, “Come on boy.” He walked him into the forest and told him to sit under a tree and tied him to it. At the campfire, the ladies and men watched him hard in silence for a moment.
Olive whispered to Aden. “Do you think it wise for him to sit like that? What if someone enters the camp and sees him tied up. How will we explain it? We should tie him to the wagon and cover him.
“No, I need to keep a close eye on him.” Aden approached. “Want some water?” Sammy nodded yes. Aden untied his hands and gave him a plutus and some water. Samuel ate but said nothing.
As the families lie down to sleep for the night, Aden approaches Samuel again, “Can I trust you?” Sammy nodded yes, and Aden untied him and gave him a blanket. A harsh and grim face threatened “Don’t break my trust.”
Later that night when everyone was sleep, Samuel woke and looked into a star-studded sky. His mind was cluttered with questions and confusion.
He threw back the covers and slowly crawls to where Pipers slept. The dawn gave its first hint of light. He gazed, heartbroken at the thought of what had happened and that he must take his chances and leave as fast as he can. A slight wind blew over her sweet face, and his mind and heart were snared in its view for a moment. Out of the blue, David grabbed him from behind.
“No, no please, I was just trying to say goodbye, I mean, I just wanted to look at her, he cried out.
The scuffle wakes everyone. He was bound and gagged again. The ladies pulled all their belongings from a large trunk. Aden gave Sammy a disappointed glare and forced him into it. A frazzled Piper asks, “Can he breathe?” Her father answered harshly, “He can breathe.”
For hours, he could hear mumbling and laughter. The trunk was so tight and stifling; his breathing was shallow; causing his mind to drift.
Then there was silence as if he was at last alone and just when he thought he might try to kick his way out of the trunk, it’s picked up and dumped onto the ground. He moaned, but no one could hear it, as the sound of waves crashing against rock drowned him out.
He is later picked up again and carried. He made out a voice asking, “Where’s the other passenger?” Aden replied, “He’s already aboard.” Samuel’s trunk was set down in a dark and quiet place. Questions drifted through his mind. His heart broke as he tried to understand what had happened. He came for his true love; whose family now looks at him with pure contempt and may even have plans to kill him.
The tossing back and forth told him they had set sail. At his lowest, he heard footsteps and things being pushed aside. Fear filled his mind, would they just throw me overboard, locked up in this trunk? Aden promised he wouldn’t let them harm me, of cores that was before I tried to escape, he thought.
Listening a little closer, he could hear the footsteps were light. “Piper, thank heaven, I just need to breathe and stretch out, maybe she has my supper. I’m so hungry.”
A key clicked and the lid opened. A tearful Piper held up a candle in the dark. Samuel struggle to sit up and she helped him, holding a finger to her lips to keep quiet as she removed his gag. She untied him and motion for him to follow her. Samuel took a moment, he could barely stand, and he couldn’t see from being in the dark for so long. He followed her up a flight of stairs and on deck and then down another flight. She glanced back reassuringly and opened a door.
Inside the rest of the family sat in a nice candlelit room. Aden motions for him to have a seat but the gesture startled him as he was still a bit shaky.
David spoke first, “We have considered your proposal, and we’ve decided a sack of gold and no more.” He pointed to a bag sitting on the table. Samuel’s mouth fell open, his eyes blinked from all the candlelight, “Well speak up.” David rattled.
Even more baffled, Samuel threw all caution to the wind. After being tortured for no good reason, he was irate, “Sack of gold!” Is that all you ask of one as poor as I am.” He looked at Aden, “You know from where I come.” He turned to Piper whose eyes were wide set on him. “I am young and, if she waits, maybe just a few years, I will return with your ransom. But wait for only a year or two my sweetest poppy. For your father knows for me to acquire such wealth is almost impossible.” He then glared at David, “But not impossible. So, we shall see.”
The room was quiet, they sat mystified.
“What?” Aden frowned.
Smiles burst cross Hannah and Piper as they jumped from their seats. “See, see I told you he came, he came for me!” Piper hugged so tight it hurt.
“Of course I came for you. What else. What’s going on?”
The family looked relieved, and David answered, “As strange and unlikely as it may seem, my boy, you have embarked on a most fortunate future.”
After all had been explained, Piper and Samuel stood on deck watching the stars. “Tomorrow you become my wife, and to think, I almost ran away.” They’re first kiss, was under the moon.

3.
THE GIFT
Off and on during the next year, Samuel thought about his cousin still back in Nimbuland. They had made wonderful plans to one day buy land and build a great cottage. In his wildest dreams, he had never imagined that this day, he would live far across the sea, in a palace like a nobleman with a title, land, servants, with his wife and truest love, all under a warm sun.
Samuel stepped from his bedroom out onto the large balcony sipping tea. He inhaled the crisp morning air and gazed out onto the green rolling valley below. Wrapped in a beautiful floral robe, his Piper bounced out behind him. Her wild red hair now tamed with sweet oil, and neatly braided with ribbons and a bead here and there. “Husband, what troubles you so? You say nothing, but I can see it more and more every day. Are you homesick?” She put her arms around him and leaned her head against him. “You can never go back, never.”
They took a seat on a bench. “It’s not that I want to return, I was just thinking about Jared. We had planned so much, and now I’m here” he turned to her, “Living a life of luxury with the most beautiful woman in the world and he is… well, we both know how hard his life is. Even with all your uncle left, it’s so far from the wonderful life we have. Sometimes I feel a little guilty.”
In a pouty voice, Piper said, “You can’t help him.” She caressed his forehead, “My sweet one, you must forget that life and embrace your new one. Samuel of Nimbuland, Wardee, no longer exists. You are the noble son-in-law of David Witts, a most wealthy merchant from afar. And now with my sister soon to wed a prince, the truth can never be told, not even to our children.”
He turned to her worried sweet face. “Have no fear; I have no complaints, my love. Ha, my old life, I have no idea who you’re talking about. Ferryman? Do I look like I would get my hands that dirty?”
She placed his hand against her face, “Never” they laughed. “Perhaps you can send him a nugget, but he must never know where you are or what has become of you.”
“I like that idea; maybe we should ask your father…?
“Only if you want to upset him.” She interrupts, “If Jared has no idea where you are, what harm can it do? We are so far from Hummy and Wardee, he would have to spend a lifetime trying to find you. Besides, no one has ever heard of Samuel Beets.
They giggled, as his eyes shifted away then returned, “You’re so right, and one nugget in a place like Nimbuland will buy him everything he ever wanted and more. I’m going to send it.”
Months later, Nell enters the workshop to find Jared asleep at the workbench. “No wonder everyone is complaining nothing is completed in a timely manner. You sleep all day! You have a chance to take every customer and make this shop your very own, but no, I find you lying around, sleep. You’re nothing but a lazy bum.”
Startled awake, Jared, jumped to his feet. “Woman! Why do you have to yell all the time? I’ve been working hard all morning and if that’s not fast enough for you,” He placed his hands on his hips, “Why don’t you come out here and help me.”
“I bring water.”
“Well, it’s not the same as swinging that hammer, is it?”
“You know I can’t do that anymore then you can cook your own supper. By the way, what happened to the eggs?”
“We only have one chicken left. What did you expect?”
“I thought they would be back by now.”
“Trust me, wife, the last thing we want back, is them. As it stands right now, Aden could put us in prison. We’ve used almost all his wood, eaten all but one of his chickens and collected his harvest payment. The wood I can chop and replace and even some of the chickens but the two pieces of silver? We would never get out of prison.”
“We? I had nothing to do with it. You took it.” She calmed down a little, “Besides whatever happened to them? I could see it if the failing had passed through the kingdom, but not even a word from Samuel?” They were silent for a few moments.
Jared dropped his head. “I fear they will never come back, I miss him. He must have married her and ran off, or her new husband killed him.” He perked up a bit, “In any case, if Aden doesn’t return within the next year, he will have lost his claim on his property, and it will be ours. Then if they do return, too bad, we can put them all to work, for us, in the tammies fields.”
“The field? The field is growing a nice crop of weeds since they left.” She smiles and pulls an apple from her pocket and handed it to him. “Here’s the last one.”
He took it and went back to work. As she starts to leave, he announces, “And tell whoever told you I was slow, that time is no replacement for good quality, and if it’s one of your freeloading relatives…”
“Sure husband, sure.” She wandered off.
Later she returned running and calling, “Jared, Jared?”
“What now?” he stopped hammering, annoyed.
“This” She handed him a package, “A man came, gave me this and left.”
“What?” He opened the folded letter first. “What fancy writing.” He barely makes out. “Dearest… Cousin. This is from Sammy. He knows we can’t read. I didn’t know he could write and certainly not like this. Let’s take it to Mica, he’ll tell us what’s written.”
He handed her the letter and tore the wrapping off a dull wooden box. He opened it and found another carved silver box. “Oh, my heavens, what is this.” Their mouths fell open. “What good fortune could have fallen upon my cousin that he could send me such a box?”
Nell gasps, “Could it be a mistake? Open, open it!” Nell crowded him. They have a seat at the table. He sat the silver box down in front of him and slowly lifted the lid exposing a large gold nugget. He slammed it shut.
In almost a stutter she asks, “Is that what I think it is?”
He slowly reopened the box and nodded “Yes” He picked the nugget up and gave it a good examine.
With their eyes locked on it, he rose up and took it to a nearby window where he could get a better look in the sunlight. “Wife, get dressed, we must find out what that letter says.”
Jared and Nell entered the shop like two leaves blowing in the wind. Mica was a fat merchant in the nearby village of Nub. Full of wisdom in his old age, he was kinder than most and Jared knew he wouldn’t ask too many questions.
Jared approached the cluttered counter as Mica made his way from a back room.
“Mica?”
“Jared…. and Nell, what a pleasant surprise.”
Jared opened the letter and laid it out for Mica to read. “Mica, can you read this for me?”
“Well, I will certainly try. What a beautifully written letter.” He picked it up and began to read as Jared and Nell held their breath.
Dearest Cousin,
I’m sure this letter finds you and Nell well. I’m sorry to say we will never see you again. But I wouldn’t be at peace with myself if I didn’t set you up fine. Take this gift outside town and trade it for all your needs. If you use it wisely, you should be able to live out your days quite nicely.
Farewell
Jared burst out in disbelief. “That’s all, that’s it? “He didn’t say where he is?”
“No, that is all that is written here. Is it from Samuel? I’ll miss him.”
Nell lashed out; “Well I won’t, the greedy little pig runs…” Jared quickly covered her mouth.
“Thank you, Mica.” And the two rushed out the door.

4.
A FINE COTTAGE
Later at supper, with the windows covered. He examined the stone again.
“So, what do you think its worth?” Nell questioned.
“Look what I bought with the two small silver coins I had. We lived quite well all year off that. But this is gold. We should move away and find ourselves a nice cottage and never work hard another day. We could you know. What do you think?”
“Find a nice cottage? I say we find him and live the life he’s living. If he sent us this, I wonder just how much gold he has. After all, he owes us. We let him sleep in our barn for years.”
“Well, we did collect half his wages for it.”
“But without us, he would have been without a roof or a way to make a living.”
“Well, Aden was the one who trained him really. I think if he had had the room he would have let him move in with him but with the boys and his nieces,” His voice started to slow as if he just figured out something. “Coming every year, there really wasn’t enough room.”
They both sat silent for a moment. “Husband, why do you think he sent it to you in the form of a rock and not in coin?”
“It’s raw, straight out of the ground.”
“You don’t find that strange? Are you thinking what I’m thinking?”
“Yes, yes I do. Maybe he’s working in a gold mine some place. Maybe I could get a job there too.”
“No, no, chicken brain. Don’t you find it strange that after Aden’s harvest he packs up and disappears? Not even collecting the silver payment. Then a few weeks later Sammy follows, and he disappears leaving behind everything without a word. Then suddenly out of nowhere, he sends you a fortune. I can’t help wondering if Aden had a better harvest than we think”.
“You mean they found gold digging up tammies in the mud patch?”
“Exactly!”
Jared pulled on his straggly beard. “You know Nell; you may be on to something.”
The next morning, Nell and Jared carried their belongings to Aden’s house. “This is a find cottage. We can stay here, and when we have pulled enough gold, we can leave, in the meantime this,” She walked over to a nice size bed, sat on it and bounced a few times, “Will do just fine.”
Hours later they were both busy pulling tall grass and weeds from the patch. Nell wiped the sweat from her brow. “This is hard work.” She pulled another tall weed and looked at the palms of her painfully sore hands.
“But just think my love; it may be the last hard work you ever have to do.” Jerad encouraged.
“Damn it, I just wish they would have told us, after all, we’re neighbors. Why did they leave us out?”
“I can think of a few reasons.”
“Okay, I wasn’t so nice, but if they ever really needed me I would have been there.”
“Like the day when her youngest was born, and she came crawling to the door asking you to find Aden. If I had not shown up…”
“Stop!” She snapped, “You just shut up Jared Beets. You’re not going to make me feel guilty. Now get to work. To think they’re probably wearing fine clothing and shoes with leather bottoms and eating meat and fruit every day.”
The next morning Nell stood at the edge of the mud patch, and Jared pulled the water gate and filled the tammies patch. Nell stepped back, and Jared joined her. “Well, get out there.” She pushed. “Surely you don’t expect me to wallow around like a pig.”
He shook his head and pulled off his shoes, and stockings then took a step and sank into the muddy mess. “Where should I start?”
“Well, we don’t want to miss a spot. Start in the corner and work your way from one end to the other.”
“No, weeee, wouldn’t want to miss a spot.” He snapped back.”
All day she sat on the porch watching him up to his knees in mud and not finding a thing. When the sun started to go down, she got up. “Jared my sweetness, it’s getting late. Maybe you should stop and wash in the creek. I’ll start supper.”
Weeks later, Jared had gone through the mud patch twice and found nothing. He laid exhausted in the running creek when a well-dressed Nell approached; “Well I see you found nothing again. I swear you are just about the most worthless excuse for an old mule I’ve ever seen.”
“You can always look for it yourself.” He popped back.
“Oh, don’t get flippant with me. What, you want me to step in that mud with these shoes on?”
Jared looked to see another new pair of shoes, “More new shoes? Nell, people are going to start asking questions.” He warned. “Please stop spending. You can’t just go buying everything you see. That gold may have to last the rest of our lives. What if I don’t find any more?”
She headed back up to the house, “I’ve been thinking, you’re right, you need help. Get clean, suppers ready.”
Jared dragged himself into the cottage only to find he had lots of company. Nell’s brothers, Donnie and Sid were at the table diving into a lavish spread of fruit, meat, bread, and ale.
Jared was stunned at the site. Breathing deeply, he watched Nell, wondering what she had told the two big burly brothers.
Sid was first to greet him with… “Well brother-in-law, come in, have a seat at this bountiful table my sister has set.”
“Yes indeed, it is bountiful, more generous than has ever been set for me by my own wife, your sister.”
“Come, come, my husband, let’s not be selfish, especially to those who only want to help.”
The brothers gave Jared a devilish smile, and he returned a sick look. “Sorry you came, I think you’re mistaken, I need no help. But please feel free to enjoy the bountiful supper your sister has prepared.”
Donnie pulled out a large knife and carved a chunk of meat off the bone. “Are you real sure? Nell told us all about a muddy field you had trouble finding your crop in. And we’re here to help.”
Jared gave Nell a disgusted look. “No, I’m doing just fine.”
Nell got up from the table. “Excuse me; I think I need a little air.”
Jared’s mouth fell open as he watched her leave, never glancing back once. The burly brothers’ rose from the table, and Jared deflated, “Okay, I suppose she told you everything?” The brother’s nodded, “Well I’ll tell you right now, there’s no gold in that mud, I went through every inch and found nothing.”
“So, you won’t mind if we find out for ourselves?” Donnie belched.
“No, you’re more than welcome; I’m going back to the shop in the morning. Nell can show you everything you need to know.”
Jared rose from his seat and stuffed some clothes in a bag then headed for the door. Donnie stopped him and dumped the bag out on the table and rifled through it, making sure no gold was hidden there. The brothers watched him re-stuff his bag and leave the cottage.
Nell still outside rushed Jared, “Husband, are you alright?” He ignored her, but she followed him in the dark as he headed for their little old cottage. “They made me tell them, I only told my sister, it’s not my fault, they started to ask questions. What’s the difference, they’re my family. You expect me to not tell them?”
Jared kept walking with no reply. Nell finally stopped and yelled. “Okay, go, go home to your poor miserable life and when we find the gold don’t ask me for a whisper of it.” He stood still for a moment slightly shaking with rage, then inhaled and moved on leaving her behind.
The next morning there was much commotion at Aden’s house. It seemed Nell’s entire family had assembled at the cottage to dig for gold. Men, women, and children, crowd the place. Jared kept his distance, having gone back to the workshop.
Nell showed Donnie the water gate and where Jared had been working. She stood at the edge of the mud patch giving orders when Rebecca, her sister-in-law approached. “Nell, you’re going to make a real mess of that dress in the mud.
“I, I’m not getting in that mud, I’ll cook or keep the children, but I refuse to get in that. Besides it’s my gold patch, if I hadn’t told you about it, you wouldn’t even know it was here.”
“We don’t need a cook, and the children keep themselves. Rebecca looked around and found two other women had joined her. I think I would change if I were you.”
Nell stepped back. “I don’t care what you think; I told you I’m not getting in that mud. I told Sid I wouldn’t, and that was part of our arrangement.”
Rebecca attempts to get more support by looking around and yelling. “Did everybody hear that? Nell has an arrangement not to get any mud on her.” Nell backed off even more and turned to Sid to rescue her, but he ignores them all. “What do you say, ladies, should we make a new arrangement?”
The women encircle her, and with screams and laughter they lift, and as her shoes fly into the air, they dumped her in the middle of the mud patch. She lay still for a moment whimpering as the group roared with laughter.
A few days later Jared had to wade through a crowd to get to his shop. Strangers traveling from neighboring towns filled the once empty road. The once calm valley and fields that surrounded Aden’s cottage were now a bustle with treasure seekers.

5.
ALONG WAY TO GO
That night Jared lay in bed staring at the ceiling when he heard a gentle knock at the door. He sat up and called out, “Who’s there?” With all the strangers in town, he decided not to take a chance and grabbed a sword standing in the corner. He leaned with his back against the door and called out again. “Who’s there?”
A familiar voice whispered, “Jared, Jared it’s me, Nell. Jared relaxed. “Please dearest, let me in.” she begged.
“Are you alone?” he asks.
“Yes, my love.” she answered in a tearful voice.
Jared opened the door and let her in, looked around then latched the door shut.
Nell wore a plain old dress and was barefoot, she made her way to the table where she had a seat. Jared brought a candle and sat it on the table and sat across from her and looked her over. With her hair unbrushed and dirt under her nails, she said nothing.
Shaking just a little and without making eye contact, she whispered, “I was wrong, what I did was wrong.”
There’s silence, he stared at her, while making up his mind how to respond. He found her hard to look at, never having seen her in such despair. In a harsh dry voice, he replied, “Nell, I’m leaving tomorrow. I’ll take nothing; you can have all that’s here.”
Nell was shocked, “No, Jared, please, please don’t leave me.” She reached out to him but got no response. She dropped her head and whimpered, “They may even try to kill me.”
He rose from the table and paced the floor with his arms crossed. “Do you have any gold left? Did you spend it all?”
Still not facing him she answered, “No, what was left was taken from me.”
“I do.”
“You do?”
“Yes, what did you think, I was chicken brained enough to give you every pebble we had?”
Nell jumped from her seat and gave him a tearful embrace. “Oh, Jared we can start all over again, far, far away from here. We won’t tell anyone.”
As she hung on, his heart relented, and he returned the embrace, he had missed her. Without emotion, he responded, “We leave in the morning, before sun up, start packing.”
Jared put another log on the fire and Nell tied a knapsack tight. Then the quiet evening was suddenly disturbed by loud banging at the door. The couple scrambled to hide all evidence of their plan to leave.
Jared grabbed the sword and leaned against the door again. “Who’s there?” He got no answer. Then the door was knocked in, throwing Jared to the floor. Nell screamed, and the king’s soldiers entered.
A captain stepped forward, “Arrest them.”
As the couple was dragged in chains from the cottage, a crowd grouped outside the doorway. Nell found her brother standing in the mitts. When their eyes met, he turned away.
Their cottage was searched, and Jared’s stash of gold was found. A guard handed the sack of coins to the captain. He bounced the bag in his hands a few times. Moments later still disguised in an old wooden box, they found the silver box and a smaller than the original but still a nice size chunk of gold. And at that, the captain motioned for them to move out.
Deep in the Wardeen palace, Nell leaned on Jared’s shoulder in a corner on the dungeon floor. He somberly spoke out “Now I understand why they never told anyone. They saw this coming, us dungeoned.”
Nell whimpered out, “And for a moment we had it all. It was my greed that sent us here. Why? What made me do such a dim-witted thing? What do they want from us? Do you think they will kill us? Jared said nothing.
Three days later Jared was brought before Lord Sorman, one of King Ryan’s right-hand men. He was made to sit on a bench and wait while others paraded past him to seek judgment from Sorman, some harsh and some simple.
Jared gave little thought to his plight but was caught up in the wonder of such a palace. He pondered, they may put me to death, but I will never forget the splendor of this place. It was massive, with huge halls and walls covered with paintings and tapestries. Marble floors, velvety red drapes hung from beautiful stain glass windows. A platter of fruit sat on the man’s desk, and Jared could smell it forty feet away.
At last, the stream of people dwindled and Jared sat thinking maybe he was forgotten. Sorman motioned for the door to be shut. He called Jared Beets, and it echoed through the room.
Jared stood before Sorman’s desk and couldn’t take his eyes off the man’s clothing, hair, rings even his shoes. He was almost faint from the smell of the fresh fruit platter.
Sorman seemed to almost ignore him as he went along signing paper after paper. Then he gave him a quick glance. “Jared Beets, I would like you to tell me exactly where you got this?” He reached into a drawer and pulled out the silver box Samuel had sent and dumped out a sack of coins, the last of his fortune the captain confiscated at the cottage. Then he went back to work signing papers.
Jared was at a loss for words, he stared at the sack of gold coins that once mint a comfortable life now sitting on a strange man’s desk. He ponders, what are the chances I’ll ever get it back? He wilts, “My lord, it was a gift from my cousin Samuel.”
“And where is this Samuel now?”
“I have no idea?”
Sorman, stopped working, clasp his hands together and stared at Jared. “Beets, I tracked this gold nugget to you. When I find you, your entire village was digging for gold. I also understand this cousin along with others moved over a year ago. You want me to believe he sent you a hunk of gold and you have no idea where he is? Explain this to me?”
“My lord, my cousin left leaving everything behind and never returning. The gift was the first I had heard from him in over a year.”
Sorman inhaled impatiently, “What I want to find out from you Beets, is why is your entire village digging for gold and how you came to possess a large clump?”
“My wife and I thought maybe the man who lived there must have found it in his tammies patch. He also left and never came back.”
“And both took nothing with them?”
“Nothing, they left even their farm animals.”
“So, you think maybe he found the gold, took what he could and quietly left. Hum.
Sorman called the guard, “Take him back and bring the woman.”

6.
GOLD ON THE WIND
King Ryan sat on his thrown and studied the hunk of gold. “You said they are where?”
“I set them free my king. I have a man following them. With no funds, surely they will need and touch their stash.” The king gave Sorman a favorable smile. “Keep me abreast of your findings…” he looked back at the clump glimmering in his hand. “should this rumor be true. In any case, I want you to seize control of the area immediately. Anyone digging, is now digging for me.”
“Shall I pay them?” Sorman asked.”
“Yes, one percent of whatever they find.”
“That’s most generous, my king.” Sorman back bowed and left.
The King spoke out loud to the attention of Heath and Mailkin. “Gold found in Hummy? Mailkin, see to it, should this tale be true, that the borders are well fortified. Isn’t Nimbuland on the border? I wouldn’t want Elmock to get any stupid ideas.
`Mailkin turned from the window, “It’s already done. The rumors have already run amuck, but I have protected your interest, Sire. The king was mesmerized by the gleaming nugget, “How beautiful, this lump of shining wealth. “Tell me again, what is the story behind the family that had this farm?
Jared and Nell slowly dragged themselves down the road toward home. “They took all we had” Nell whimpered. “Not all, I will admit to you now, I was sure that they were going to kill us. We must only be breathing because they think we can lead them to wealth.”
“I am grateful my husband, just to get home and lay my sore head on my pillow. I wish he had never sent the damn thing.”
Jared stopped in his tracks, stunned he gave Nell a frown, “Nell, Samuel did a most generous thing. It was us, you and I that ruined it by being greedy.”
“Nell dropped her head, and after a few moments she questioned, “Will you ever forgive me?” Jared rubbed her back as they walked. “Nell my love, you have a long way to go.”
As the two came closer to their village, it became more and more apparent that things had changed. Hundreds of strangers crowded the roads. Fortune seekers, merchants, children, soldiers, carts with animals, made a deafening noise. Jared started to wonder if he was lost.
When they reached home, they were surprised to discover Aden’s house was completely gone along with his barn. It was replaced with water, mud, people and digging contraptions everywhere. Their home was full of the king’s soldiers, their new headquarters. The only thing recognizable was a large spot of white on the barn, were Jerad had once patched it with second-hand wood and had never painted over it.
They stood for a moment watching and hoping to see maybe, just one person they knew, at the same time not wanting to arouse the attention of the king’s men. There was no cause for hanging around. They decided it was best to move on and maybe find a spot to rest under a tree for the night. But as they moved on, to their terror, there were no more trees meadow or valley, just mud, and digging contraptions.
Jared noticed Nell was getting slower and her silence was out of the ordinary, especially with all there was to complain about. He suggests maybe dipping their feet in the creek would be refreshing, and at the same time, they could fill their water bag. His weary Nell mustered up a slight smile in agreement.
The dry grass should have been a hint. The once flowing creek was dammed up down by the mining, and the river was at least a mile away.
Closer to the town of Nub, the crowds headed to Nimburland started to thin, and in the distance, Jared could see a nice tree with thick green grass beneath it. He points but before he could say a word his Nell collapsed. Weak from hunger and exhausted from the day’s experience, he, himself could barely lift her and carry her to the resting spot.
Under the tree, Jared took a moment to catch his breath. He caressed his wife’s dirty face. Her lips parted and whispered the word “Water.” Jared pulled the small water bag from his side knowing it was dry. He would have to leave her and find some quickly before the sun went down.
Then out of nowhere came the frightful sound of barking dogs racing over the hillside. Quickly, he grabbed a large branch to fight them off. They arrive snarling and snapping at them, but he kept them at bay until a fat young woman came yelling. “Hey, get out of here. This is our land, and we’ll have none of you gold digging trespassers, dumping and trashing it.”
“Please, please call off your dogs,” he cried out, “we’re not miners and my wife, my wife is exhausted.
The woman quiets the dogs and Jared dropped the branch. The woman could see Nell was lying motionless.
“Good heavens, is she still alive?” she asked.
“Yes, we’ve walked all the way from the king’s palace and have run out of food and water.
“The young woman approached Nell and gently patted her hand. She turned to Jared, “Bring her.”
Jared struggles to pick her up but has lost his own strength. The young woman assured, “I’ll be back with help. Jared took a seat against the tree, with his Nell’s head in his lap. “Water, you shell have water, but I fear we may have to keep moving. If anyone should recognize us, they will hate us for bringing such devastation to the land. I fear they may even kill us.” Jared watched the sun slowly falling and dropped off to sleep.
The sound of a wagon rolling up the hillside was still not enough noise to arouse the two depleted bodies lying still under the tree. A few sprinkles of water on his face and a voice calling his name awakened Jared to Mica staring in his face. Jared, Jared my boy, wake up.
“Mica, how, how did you find me.”
“It is you that found me. This is my land, and the pretty little fat one is my new wife.
Two men help carry Nell to the cart. Mica lifted a water bag, and Jared guzzled water. Then they helped Jared climb in as a smiling Mica patted him on the shoulder, “Relax now, everything is going to be just fine. For a moment, Jared wondered if he was dreaming or if this was some kind of trick and Mica was going to sell them back to the king. He guzzled the rest of the water and closed his eyes; he was so tired, for the moment he really didn’t care.
The wagon stopped in front of a grand cottage well painted with a large courtyard and servants running everywhere. The men helped him down, and Mica led him inside. Watching them unload Nell, Mica assured him the ladies would take good care of her.
Mica led Jared to a small well lit room with comfortable seats. Servants brought meat, fruit, bread and more water. Jared tore into the food feverishly.
“Jared, there were so many rumors after you were taken by the king’s men. I wasn’t sure if you were dead or alive.” Jared still hadn’t uttered a word but was still surprised to be taken in so kindly. He slowly looked around the room knowing Mica never had such a lovely home before.
“Jared’s parched lips whispered, “Mica, did you find gold?”
“No, no Lad, but it’s just as good. Your story made us all rich. All those miners need food, lodging, clothing, everything. We were rich overnight. All of us, your whole village is basking in silver as never before. And we have you to thank.”
Jared was dumbfounded; with an exhale, he wilted and fell back in his chair. The bubbly Mica was in his face again. “Lad lay down here, and we’ll talk more in the morning.” He pointed to a comfortable looking mattress lying on the floor.
Jared whispered “Nell?” Mica assured him again that she would be fine. At that Jared plunged onto the mattress and someone blew out the candles.
The next morning, Nell and Jared were given a bath and fine clothing. They were led to a small dining table covered with food and drink. A large window lets in the bright morning light and a clean, crisp morning breeze. Mica bid them to sit and introduced his wife May. During breakfast, there were many thanks and blessings and moments of laughter.
After Nell had expressed how beautiful she thought the cottage was, May took her on a tour. Mica and Jared took this time to make some plans for the future.
“Why don’t you stay here? I have plenty to share. You can work for me. I need a new overseer. I plan to expand my business.”
Jared’s eyes widened, “Mica, I must caution you. There is no gold. I was in that mud for weeks and found nothing. Has anyone found anything yet? This thing will soon come to an end.” Mica sat silent.
“And I, my good friend must flee. When the king discovers their efforts have been in vain. He may want a head for it. He will be looking for mine.
Mica stood, placed his hands behind his back and started to pace the floor deep in thought, “No gold?” Jared continued, “We were being followed when we left, but we seem to have lost him back in Nimbuland. Maybe they thought I had stashed more. No, they have it all. I’m left with less than before I received the gift. Not even a copper coin.
Mica comforted Jared with concern. “Jared, I’m so sorry things turned out so wrong for you. But I will do what I can to safely get you on your way.
“What about the villagers, they will have no homes to return to. The way the countryside has been ravaged, it’s fit for planting tammies and nothing else.”
“Jared, all that will grow back, and as for the villagers, don’t give a second thought to them. Only a few stayed behind believing there was gold. The rest are here in this beautiful valley, living richer than they could have ever dreamed.
“So, in the end, we were the only ones who lost out.”
Mica put his hand on Jared’s shoulder. The ladies entered laughing but lost their smiles when they saw the look on Jared’s face. He rose, looked into Nell’s eyes and took her hand. “Dearest, we can’t stay.” She dropped her head knowing that this was the life they could have had but lost. Mica and May, watched with deep compassion in their hearts.
Later that day Nell and Jared bid Mica farewell. Off they trotted down the road on two fine horses with two sacks of silver. Full and rested in a quiet meadow, Jared stopped to ponder which direction to go. “Perhaps it would be better if we cross the border into Hummy and be out of the king’s reach.” Good idea Nell agreed, let’s leave our old life behind and start a new one.
Having never traveled this far from home the couple found the lonely quiet path through Hummy, peacefully haunting and beautiful. The prospect of finding a new home here was refreshing and exciting to talk about. But then their path ended at a crossroad. It was busy with carts, men and animals all headed in one direction.
“Excuse me,” Jared asked one man. “Where is everyone going? What’s down the road?
The man looked at him surprised. “Where have you been? Haven’t you heard, there’s gold in Pungit.”
At that moment, Jared looked up to see a sign posted right in front of him. One arrow pointing to the right reading Pungit and one pointing to the left for Martymar. Jared looked at his wife, and their voices harmonized the name Martymar. Jared cut a path against the traffic.


PART 2

7.
THE TOWTEN
King Thane was spread out in a lounge chair quite comfortable. A nearby table was covered with fruit, cheese, bread, and wine. Two young girls sat on the floor giggling and playing a game. The large covered balcony gave a beautiful view of the green and white mountains this time of the year. The breeze of clean, the fresh air was intoxicating. It's no wonder the king was so relaxed.
A well-dressed nobleman stepped out onto the balcony and pulled off his hat. His eyes took in the picture of beauty and color. His chest rose to inhale the crisp air and aroma of fruit and flowers. His ears delighted in the sound of a young girl’s snicker quietly in the corner. His senses stunned him faint for a moment. The king noticed and called out, "Bazz, sit," he pointed to another comfortable lounge chair.
Bazz nodded and sat but not as comfortable as the king. "My king, I have interesting news. Gold has been discovered along the Hummy and Wardee boarder. There have been some confrontations." The king seemed motionless for a moment, his eyes wandered with thought. Then the tranquil look returned to his face. "Good, they will keep each other busy all year. After the last failing, we certainly can't afford to become involved. I think it's best we sit back and cheer on the winner, but not to get drawn in.
Bazz became a bit more relaxed, "I can see the wisdom in that. I sent a few eyes out and placed a small unit of men, here and there along our border, just in case.”
The king rest one hand on his chest, and the other seemed to fall by his side, he closed his eyes, "It's a hellish cold, living against these mountains but it keeps the flies away all year long. We'll have nothing to do with the skirmish that grows out of this new find. And mark my words there will be conflict. In any case, there will be less of them in the end for us to deal with. In the meantime, we need to heal.”
Bazz, still taking in the moment, responded in a softer tone of voice, "Again my king, so wisely spoken." The king motioned, with a voice that sounded as if he was about to fall asleep, "Relax Bazz, relax and have something to eat. Take in the moment, all of it. What a wonderful gift. Lay back and just take it." Bazz followed the king's orders, laid back, opened his senses and took it in.
• • •
Dreams
Ellanora smiled in her sleep, she was dreaming of her dear Carlton. He stood before her in a shimmering gold armor, like one you could only find in a dream. He kisses her. He has never done that before, not even in a dream. Then he is pulled away and stripped of his beautiful armor, and he is left nude. He’s angry and attempts to hide but can’t. His skin turns into a black armor, then a green one. He's smiling.

8.
CARLTON ARRIVES
Master Carlton raced down the road toward Wardee Palace, with his black and silver embroidered cloak flapping in the wind behind. The life-force that powered his horse traveled straight through him, as if they were one rampaging muscle, bolting toward his destiny. The crisp morning air nipped at his nose and ears, and he couldn’t keep the smile off his face.
In his satchel was a letter from Lord Gram, he was to be presented to the king at court and better yet, The Obtorium, a select group of men known for their elite fighting abilities and honorable nobility. With the skirmish on the borders, he was anxious for his first chance at battle.
He had his father’s armor breastplate fitted and refinished the detailed decorative ornamental family code of arms. Tall with a head full of thick dark hair and contrasting features, he had been turning heads since his youth, and now he was bursting with confidence after seeing his mother and grandmother’s speechless, stunned faces when they first saw him wearing the plate.
All this excitement was not to overshadow one other moment he was looking forward too. The Princess, Lady Ellanora, his heartthrob since he first saw her on a trip to the palace with his father years ago.
Not seeing her often, she got into the habit of sending notes by birds, sometimes as often as three times a week. This way his family knew all that went on at the palace. But as of lately he had received a few with strange talk of dreams. He could hardly wait to find out what was going on face to face and make sure he was still the light of her day, as she had put it.
He imagined seeing her address him as Lord Carlton, no longer Master Carlton. With his father’s death, he inherited all rights, land, and privileges that came with his name.
Upon arriving at the Wardee Palace gates, he was a bit beset by the swarms of people, surely something was amidst. He felt lost in the rushing river of noise and bustle. Finally reaching the palace doors, he left his horse and entered only to find more people, but as he weaved his way through them, he felt even more confident, as they looked upon him with smiles and wondered who this handsome young man was?
Feeling a tad lost he asked a guard, “Where can I find Lord Gram, I have an audience with the king today.”
“Oh, yes my lord,” he assumed by his looks he had the title already, and Carlton smiled showing all his perfect teeth.
“Here, let me take you there.” but with sheer luck and only a few steps, he spotted his Princess Ellanora standing in a cluster of ladies. He started not to bother her, but the other women spotted him and caused her to take notice. His impression on them was great, judging by the look on their faces. “My lady he bowed and kissed her hand.
Bursting with pride, she introduced him to the ladies who curtseyed. “This is Lord Carlton; he is here to be introduced to court today. The ladies giggled with beaming smiles.
“I was just on my way to find Lord Gram.” Carlton’s eyes brightly landed on Ellanora.
Oh, let me help you, I wouldn’t want you to get lost.” She put out her hand to be escorted. Carlton nodded as they left the other ladies behind.
She proudly led him down the busy halls but said nothing while he wondered, ‘Here I am, looking my best and she has nothing to say?’
“Here it is.” She smiled and stopped with her back to the door then slowly opened it. Inside the small room was no one, just a small card table, and four chairs. She led him to a huge open window with a magnificent view of a peaceful garden below. There was silence as the sun hit parts of her face and breast and the large Amethyst she wore around her neck, looked ever so bright. She blushed knowing his eyes had landed upon it as she gave a deep sigh. “So, my dashing one; how was your journey? His eyes now wide into hers, “I can tell you nothing, as I saw nothing, only my mind was on the possibilities of this moment.”
She stepped back a bit only to get a fuller view and giggled just a little. He was so perfect and what came out of his mouth made him seem even more otherworldly. She studied him wondering would he be so wonderful to her if he saw her beautiful sister or was this relationship truly based on a friendship that had lasted since they were children.
Narrowing his eyes with a soft smile, he asked. “And you? I hadn’t received a bird in almost a month. I was beginning to wonder if you had forgotten us.”
She lost her smile, “I’m sorry, I was preoccupied with my dreams. They're back again, almost every night. I fear something dreadful is pending;” she turned her back to the window, her expression bewildered. “But I can get no one to listen to me, no one. Dreams are so confusing and teasing, every time I try to explain one, I look so dim.”
Now more concerned and recalling her knack for telling the future through her dreams, he leaned in. “You look so unhappy. What are these dreams telling you?”
“That’s just it,” She gently pounded her fingers to his chest. “They say we are at risk, that my father shall die and last night I dreamt that a giant sea creature rose up from the water and took a huge bite and all of Wardee was gone.”
Carlton stepped back a bit with a frown then burst out laughing and pulled her in for a hug. “My sweet Ellanora, what have you been eating before you go to bed, fried lizard eggs with scallions?”
He made her laugh, so he persisted, “Oh sugar drops and fly eyes or was it frog fur and fish sweat?
“Aha, you caught me; that is what I had for dinner last night,” she teased.
He took both of her hands, “All jesting aside my beauty, you needn’t fear for the might of Wardee. No one dare threaten her borders; soon I go to guard them myself.” He gently waves an open hand toward the window, “May I suggest a quiet stroll around the garden at night, just before bed. I would be more than happy to escort you.” She wondered about his motives and snickered. “Who knows,” he continued, “we may both find our dreams out there.” They gazed into each other’s eyes too long, and suddenly she found him just a tad too close and stepped away toward the door. “I’ll think about it.” She flirted. “Come let’s find Gram.”
Lord Gram leaned back in his chair with his boots up on his desk relaxed as he and Carlton exchanged stories about Carlton’s father. The laughter could be heard out and down the hallway. After a moment of catching their breath, Gram poured them wine and asked, “Now tell me about your mother.
“She is well… might I say the most beautiful mother of all? Carlton gave Gram a narrow eye, knowing he had desires for his long lonesome mother.
When his father died from the failing, Gram being his closest confidant was extremely helpful and had always been a source of comfort to Malinda long after his death. Gram was well respected, and no one else had ever done so much for them. This led Carlton to suspect there may be more to his intentions than just a friend to the family.
• • •
Later that day in a crowded room Carlton was presented to the king, but it was so fast, even at the mention of his father, the king nodded, and it was all over. Carlton was somewhat disillusioned and disappointed, but that was short lived. An hour later The Obtorium feast began, and his father’s legacy made him the center of attention. More stories were passed among the men, and he received many invitations. At the end of the evening, even he was somewhat overwhelmed by all the eyes that had examined him continuously and behind them the minds that asked, plotted and planned… Hum, does he look like his father? I wonder what kind of warrior he’ll turn out to be. Is his mother still living, I wonder what she’s worth these days? How long will he last on the battlefield, can’t wait to see? Well, he’s taller than his father, if I recall correctly. I’ve got three daughters, and you’re getting one of them, I’ll have to speak to Ryan about arranging it.
Carlton eventually found his way down to the garden later that night, where he hoped Ellanora would be waiting for him, but she was not. He sat and patiently watched the stars duck in and out from behind a few thinly spread clouds. It was so relaxing after such a taxing day, he was somewhat content with the fact that Ellanora declined his invitation; he needed this moment to deflate and unwind.
The next morning Gram’s secretary Max approached with a suggestion. “I was thinking, perhaps Hallstin would be a good squire, for young Lord Carlton, he’s rather gallant, well-bred for his station, and comes from a fairly respectable family. I think they would be a good match.”
The man waited for a response, Gram wrinkled his forehead, turned up his nose and tucked in his lips. “No, I was thinking more along the line of Gengermen.”
Max was a bit surprised, Gengermen?
“Yes,” Gram pulled on his beard. “He’ll round him out a bit, smudge some of that shine and knock out some that smile… just a tad. I suspect he’s quite the nave in more than one way.” The two men snorted, Max nodded, “Hum, you have a point, a good one.”

9.
THE TINNIN
Tee was the son of the notorious Tinnin warrior king, Nox. Nox had sixteen wives, many from exotic far-off lands he had conquered. Tee’s mother was one such extravagant beauty, a princess given in exchange for her father’s life. She was grateful and bore Nox three sons and two daughters, Tee being the youngest.
Young Tee did not inherit his mother’s beauty, but his father was all over him, and Nox took notice, spending bouts of what little time he had talking, teaching and just having him near to gawk at to remind himself of when he was so young. Though Tee loved his father and all the rampage that surrounded him, he couldn’t help but notice a weariness behind his eyes.
After Nox was finally killed on the battlefield, a steady succession of brothers and half-brothers took the throne and lost their lives. It had never crossed Tee’s mind that one day he would actually reach the throne, but as it seemed to become a real possibility, Tee contemplated the type of kingdom he wanted to rule.
He observed; the only things the most powerful land and people had to show for all their might was a constant upswing of war, hunger, sickness, and rubble. What had they been fighting for? In a mirror one night he cringed when he saw his father’s face looking back, the same lines starting to form and the tired eyes even when he smiled. Where was the reward for all this grief, death and loss? He was disgusted, and sure enough, the day came he was Tee, King of the most powerful Tinnin kingdom and all her territories.
His waiting room was packed, and he left them to wait. He called his advisors, and then he left them to wait also. A family man himself now, he spent some long-needed time with his own wives and children, then a lot of time alone. Later he emerged, embellished like a king and bearing his crown, his first words were. “It is time for the Tinning people to reap the riches they have sown and I have great plans for you.” There was a great gasp, eyes widen with ears eager to hear and a pounding of hearts.
What did this mean? The question went out into the streets and across the land like a rolling wind storm. He had it all laid out. Tee simply left a figurehead in every Tinnin territory. Sometimes it was the present king or an ambassador, a close family member, but that person’s sole purpose was to promote peace, prosperity and collect the tribute. The expansion slowed, and the Tinnin no longer initiated war. He called the excess troops home to help build Balabbrea the most wondrous and beautiful city ever built. Like he imagined Balabbrea soaked up the riches of the world without lifting a finger. The wise and talented flocked to the city, and it prospered beyond measure.
Many years had passed, and Tinnin had become the center of the world for its beauty, splendor, intellect, power, and Tee still sat on the throne. There was not a kingdom or territory that was not touched by Tinnin in some way. As a result, Tinnin’s governing house was huge and to help him bear such a burden was his sons and grandsons of which he had many.
Once a week they met for a great meal. Sons and sons of sons and brothers of different mothers, with such a group there may have been some jealousy, sibling rivalry but it was kept in whispers and secrecy as Tee would in no way tolerate it. The punishment was banishment, outside the Tinnin territories. If you harbored such feeling, it was best to keep them to yourself as no one else wanted to hear them, not even one's wives. No one wanted to lose favor with the Tinnin, never to return home was too great a fall.
At the massively long table, the age ran from twenty-seven to fifty-five with three smaller tables accommodating the younger. Thirty-five-year-old Zale, well known for his overseas battles, business tactics, and solutions, became the center of attention on this occasion were Lapuslandee was being discussed. Tee was a tad annoyed that rumors had surfaced concerning gold being found, and Ryan had made no mention of it. Tee’s long lost daughter once sat by Ryan’s side as his queen and Zale was betrothed to Ryan’s oldest daughter. All this had been settled years ago, and Zale had only seen her once, a child at the time, he was in no hurry to see her again. But Tee considered the connection, and could see no one more suitable for this mission then Zale.
The aggravation must have covered his face as others snickered when Tee handed down the demand. Zale had a reputation for being quite the ladies’ man. He had already fathered many children, but as long as he was betrothed to King Ryan’s daughter, she had to be his first bride. He was to leave straight away to reaffirm control of Lapuslandee and bring his bride home when he returned. And when Zale asked, “What of Ryan? The King answered, “I could care less.”
One night as Zale’s ships casually crossed the sea, he stepped out on deck to contemplate and anticipate the situation at hand. The ship entered a pocket of fog, and he thought, ‘I can’t see a thing.’

10.
CARLTON & GENGERMEN
Gram introduced Carlton to Gengermen and assured him that he was handpicked as one of the finest squire’s. Carlton studied the young man who was around his own age, not as tall or as good looking he surmised but seemed well mannered. “Tell him whatever your desire may be, and he will get it for you.” With that Gram sent them off with his blessings.
Almost immediately it was apparent that Gengermen had a way of changing his demeanor depending on the company at hand. When the two men were alone, he was lax in duty and respect of that befitting a squire. He never referred to him by his title, Lord or even sir and gave a look that dared Carlton to ask for any service of any kind. However, in public, no one could be more accommodating.
Nevertheless, Carlton enjoyed his companionship. He knew his way around everyone, everyplace and everything. They started each morning practicing their battling skills. Were Carlton considered himself quite able, Gengermen showed a knack for dexterity with his feet, he had moves. At night, he filled Carlton’s head with story after story of battlefront adventure. Were they true? Gengermen was just two years older, but he had seen his first battlefield when he was eleven. The only thing Carlton had on him was his title, and Gengermen wasn’t giving him that. In the end, he felt he could surely forgo a little formality in exchange for such a worthy mentor.
On the week’s end, Gengermen would disappear without a word. Carlton spent much of his time seeking Ellanora, who had seemingly vanished, and studying in the palace library with two old very talkative scholars, who kept him ever so entertained with endless stories of the world, it’s people, animals and things of all sorts.
Curiosity getting the best of him near the end of the week, Carlton asked Gengermen, “So where do you go at week’s end?”
Gengermen froze, then gave a sneaky smile “Where? I go out, out and about my business. You know there’s more to this world than the palace,” he chuckled condescendingly. Carlton quaked at the thought of venturing out and about, new places and people to meet. ‘I mean this is what I’m all about’ he thought.
Carlton stood up, “Well this week, I should like to follow along, that is, if you don’t mind. It’s true I have been cooped up too long.”
Gengermen was a little taken aback and stared him down for a moment then looked him over. “I won’t be responsible for you. It’s not the same out there you know, got anything else to wear? No need to attract any extra unwanted attention.”
Gengermen stepped on Carlton’s nicely polished boots and scuffed them up. Carlton’s eyes widened, and his mouth fell ajar, but he said nothing.
It was late in the afternoon when Gengermen finally returned, “How about some dinner?” he asked as he circled Carlton tentatively, crinkling his collar and switching his hat out for an old mismatched one he brought. He then stood back, rubbed his hands together and with a big smile cried out joyously, “Let’s go eat, I know just the place, come along, we go on foot.”
Out from the palace and down into the village was an absolute delight for Carlton. Though most of the shops were closed so late in the afternoon, window shopping was exciting. Gengermen could hardly keep up with his ducking in and out wooing and ahhing, pointing and gawking. There was the smell of fresh baked bread and pies could be seen still cooling, but they were on their way to dinner so eating one would have been a bad idea. The streets were full of people rich, poor, young and old and everything in between. It reminded him of his own village when the festival came to visit, his smile stuck to his face. His head was flooded with ideas, not just for himself but for his mother and grandmother back home, he wondered had they ever seen such things. And not to forget Ellanora, his heart raced looking at some of the beautiful bejeweled gifts he could buy for her. At least now he knew where to go.
Gengermen kept walking, past all the shops, even the people and carriages seemed to thin to nothing. As the sun dropped still lower, the surroundings started to look shabby; the cobblestone road petered out to a dirt road, the homes and shops looked old and ragged and dark. The sweet aroma of fresh baked goods vanished and was replaced with a foul indistinguishable odor. The streets started to thicken up with people and a horse here and there. The building windows were dimly lit up with ragged curtains. Carlton wasn’t sure if it was the dark or his eyes, he questioned whether these people were really as dirty as they looked.
It wasn’t like he hadn’t seen poor people before, barefoot, rotted teeth, matted hair and dirty. It was never in such numbers, he was surrounded, it was like being in some kind of hellish nightmare full of roaming monsters, he checked his dagger.
He then focused on Gengermen, who was suddenly very quiet except for an occasional snicker to Carlton’s reaction to his surroundings. He wondered why he would bring him to such a place and he felt tense, uneasy. With eyes wide and heart pounding ready for anything, he stayed close.
• • •
“Here we are.” Gengermen picked up his pace and danced up the steps to a lively tavern hall, The Dancing Bore. They could hear the place long before they got there. Outside, shadows lurked around in the darkness, burbling.
Inside there was just enough light for Carlton to get the full shocking impact, not only were they as scary as they seemed outside but they were right up on him, bumping into him, rubbing against them, to squeeze past them in the crowd, almost nose to nose at times. Carlton kept his hand on his blade and his mind on his purse that was tucked tightly in his shirt. His eyes darted from face to ugly face not wanting to make eye contact, he tried to look detached, not wanting anyone to know how horrifying he found them all.
But that wasn’t what they saw; his person beamed out like the moon at midnight, fresh, young, handsome, clean and healthy. Gengermen picked up on the unwanted attention. “Hey, pull your hat down some and don’t look so lordish. Remember, you’re just another brute like the rest. But Carlton was hard pressed to get the frown of disgust off his face.
Gengermen found them a table next to an open window in a dim corner. “Now, if anything should happen, like a fight or whatever, take the window way out. Carlton had a seat and hardly said a word, but the spot next to the window was perfect, it made him feel like a fly on the wall, he was on the outside looking in, safely tucked away in a dark corner near a quick exit, and suddenly it was all magnificent. A massive onslaught of sights sounds and smells, music playing, ladies screaming, skirmishes’ boorish yelling, and overall laughter. It was an absolute carnival of vulgarism, and these people were having the time of their lives.
He caught himself laughing at the antics and boldness of the women, the way they freely flung themselves around, it was absolutely delightful. Catching a smile on his face, he wondered how could something that was so drab and dark suddenly become so full of life and color?
His voyeurism was interrupted by a young barmaid with her hair pulled back, her sleeves rolled up, and in a dirty apron, she looked hard-working. Gengermen obviously knew her, the way he smiled and eyed her up and down. “There’s my lovely.” He reached out for an ungentlemanly embrace when she got close enough to plop down two large mugs of ale. “So, who’s your friend?” she asked running her fingers through Gengermen’s hair. This is my cousin, visiting for a while. Carlton gave her a glance then his attention turned to a group of men crooning.
“How about some meat and bread, you know my favorite.” Gengermen asserted. She smiled and pulling herself away, “Your too late handsome one.”
“But I’m hungry, and my poor cousin is starving” Gengermen cried. “Ok” she twisted her mouth. “I’ll find you something.” She disappeared in the mass of lively commotion.
When the food arrived, Carlton had his eyes on a lady who danced on a table, pulling her skirts up now and then. He turned to face the barmaid and found his nose in her breast. Catching him off guard he almost fell off the bench, she roared with laughter and walked away leaving him gawking.
Before them, she had set two large bowls chucked with chunks of meat in a thick broth and two loaves of still hot from the oven bread. Gengermen groaned, broke the bread and dipped it in the bowl pulling out a large chunk of meat and stuffing it all in his mouth at one time. “Mmm, this is so good” he garbled.
Carlton had had second thoughts about eating in such a filthy place, but the smell of it was overwhelmingly ravishing. Looking around, he had no eating utensils but watching Gengermen literally licking his dirty fingers, he thought ‘this was savage like, but perhaps the wine helped. He grunted and dove in. It was delicious and with his mouth full Carlton asked excitedly, what kind of meat is this? I’ve never had anything like it.” Gengermen ran his tongue across his gums, seeking lost scrumptious morsels. “I’m not sure, shadow meat I think, I never ask. You know the cook is Hummayn, he used to work in their palace, there’s nothing like him around here.”
The two men overate and washed it down with way too much ale. Although there were small patches of hostility here and a bottle flying there, no real fight had broken until talk of the border war erupted. Suddenly Gengermen was stone sober, “Ok this is it, let’s get out of here!” Carlton hadn’t noticed why he had become so alarmed, but as he followed him out the window, one last glance saw the place explode with fights that bellowed its way right up to the window behind them. They ran down the road just as the brawling rolled out into the street.
A little warm from the wine, Carlton’s heart beat quickly and the sound of Tavernier’s’ still rang in his ears. It seemed only moments, and they were back in the better part of town. “Thank you for buying my dinner.” Carlton smiled.
“What? Buy you dinner! I did no such thing. You will kindly pay me back; I only gave her the money so you wouldn’t get us killed by pulling out your purse. Ha, me, buy you dinner?” Gengermen shook his head no, “You’re funny, really funny or your candle burns really dim.” They chuckled and hashed over the night all the way to the palace.
The next day Carlton slept in late, woke up with a headache and lazed around half dressed all day. Just as the sun started to slip a little and he began to feel a little better, even a little hungry, Gengermen arrived.
Leaning in the door jamb, he expressed, “Look at you, you’re not even dressed. Look how late it is already, aren’t you coming with me tonight?” Carlton hadn’t planned on it. It had been fun and exciting but dangerous.
“What! Again tonight’ No, no,” Carlton shook his head and wrinkled his nose, “I’m not going to press my luck.” he grabbed a book and leaned back in his chair.
Gengermen strolled into the room “But I thought you enjoyed yourself, you admitted the food was good.”
“It was but look at the place, I don’t want to get dysentery and crap myself to death. Or get stabbed and die in a hole like that, what would my mother think? I have a title now,” Carlton opened the book as if his mind was made up.
Gengermen nervously laughed it off. “You’re right; it’s a nasty world out there. One needs a tuff hide to tolerate it, but for me, I’d rather live it and see it than read about it.” He headed for the door when he remembered what a financial benefit it was to have Carlton by his side, not to mention it was nice to be with someone he could trust, an honorable sort.
Carlton was also having second thoughts about staying in. Gengermen was right, out there was what he needed, not reading about it or listening to others rag on about their experiences but having his own, seeing for himself. And last night, there was something about the whole masquerade; being where you don’t belong, it was all relative, it was like being one of them sneaking around the palace. If they were to get caught, they could face death and likewise for him, in a place like last night, they could easily kill him.
Before he could say another word, Gengermen did a pivot at the door. “There is this other place; a friend of mine runs it, a lovely lady. We could have dinner there, there’s always a party with lots of food and wine. It’s a lot calmer if you’re interested.”
At that, Carlton tossed the idea and threw caution to the wind and reasoned with the thought, ‘I am bored and since Ellanora has vanished, what else is there to do.’ He slapped the book shut and inhaled a spark of anticipation that jittered down his spine. “Really, a lady’s residence, you say? Sounds interesting, perhaps I would enjoy such a place. Oh, but it’s too late” he frowned, “and I really don’t feel like walking.”
“Hey! This time we ride” Gengermen smiled with his arms open wide.
Carlton tilted his head as if he had to think about it, then jumped to his feet. “Okay, I’ll have a go at it” He buttoned up his shirt, slipped on his boots and opted for a more proper jacket this time. As they stepped out the door, Carlton’s nose flared and his stomach growled, and the lust of excitement tugged at his imagination. Trailing behind Gengermen, he couldn’t keep the grin off his face.
They rode just to the edge of the shabby side of town to a well-kept manor, seemingly out of place for its location. A servant greeted them at the door and led Gengermen down the hall to the well dress lady of the house. They whispered and gestured, then Gengermen turned to Carlton, “Do you have any coin?” Startled at the question Carlton fumbled around in his shirt and pulled his purse, Gengermen grabbed it and bounced it in his hand a few times then batted his eyes and with a wide grin he announced, “Oh my, in that case, let's go get some clean ones.” He pushed a baffled Carlton out the door; they mounted their horses and rode off, with Carlton barely keeping up.
Out in the countryside away from anything, was a beautiful stately manor dazzling in the amber sundown. Carlton smiled from ear to ear, “Ah yes, much better… much better.” A servant took their horses, and they climbed the steps where they could get a better look at the garden maze and statues below. Gengermen wrapped on the door while Carlton polished his shoes on the back of his dark stockings and breathed a sigh of relief at his decision to wear a dressier hat and jacket then the night before.
A well-clad servant opened the door and invited them in. The servant and Gengermen whispered back and forth as they stepped into a greeting room. After waiting a few moments, a stunningly dressed woman approached and more whispering, then Gengermen motioned, “Follow me to the gallery.”
“Paintings?” Carlton’s eyes lit up. “No” Gengermen snickered and led him into a room where the lady invited them to have a seat. Near were lace draped tables covered with Ham, fowl, glazed bread, and a rainbow of polished fruit. Carlton’s mouth watered, “Do we serve ourselves?”
“No, Gengermen shook his head, “Just wait a moment.” He sat and leaned back on the decorative couch, crossing his legs comfortably. Carlton joined him; his eyes studied the surroundings, ‘Surely royalty of some sort dwell here.’ He thought, and just as he was about to ask Gengermen who lived there, two nearly nude young ladies came from behind a painted screen with alluring smiles, giggling. They introduced themselves, but Carlton instantly forgot their names when one took him by the hand and led him to a different corner of the room. Carlton found her stunning. “Are you hungry?” she asked. “Oh yes, yes.” He stumbled over his words. She took a plate and circled the tables. “What would you like?” “Anything and everything, you decide.” He glanced over to see Gengermen and his lady walking out of the room like lovers’ arm and arm. Looking back, he smirked, “Don’t worry she’ll take care of you. Relax and enjoy yourself, and with that, he disappeared around the corner.
The young lady returned with a platter full of delectables, licked her fingers and beckoned him to follow her with a come-hither look. “Let’s go to my room, you’ll be much more at ease there. He jumped to his feet as there was something very mysterious and exciting about her… about everything.
The next morning Carlton woke up in the mitts of sweet smelling linen… alone. The room was quite the contrasts from the night before when it was dim with only a candle lit here and there. Daylight glowing thru an open window, showed it bright, white lace and fancy bows, the furniture was painted white with gold trim with a huge gold framed mirror in the corner.
He got up and found his clothing neatly folded. Not sure what was next, he quickly got dressed and ran downstairs where he found Gengermen near the door putting on his gloves. “I trust you had a marvelous evening,” his smile showed all his teeth? “Yes, yes,” Carlton answered with eyes wide and with that, they departed.
Carlton couldn’t keep the smile off his face all day. Noting this, Gengermen took the opportune time to return Carlton’s purse. Handing it to him, he tossed the bag in his hand a few times, “Good Heavens, I’ve been robbed!”
Before Carlton could get another word in, Gengermen blasted in a poetic manner with arms reached out, “But was the food not delectable, especially when she hand fed you every morsel.” Carlton tried to answer, but Gengermen continued loudly, “Was she not most beautiful with skin softer than any pellet you’ve ever touched, did she not smell and taste of the sweetest garden.” Gengermen narrowed his eyes and threw his nose up in the air, “Did she not send you somewhere you had never been before, a place you can do nothing but think of returning to. Carlton blushed, yes, yes, yes…” “Well then my friend, you get what you pay for,” Gengermen winked and nodded.
Carlton blinked his eyes a few times and started to calculate future visits against his budget when Gengermen interrupted his thoughts, “Go ahead, you know you want to tell me about it.” It was true he wanted to elaborate on the experience that had left him magically exhilarated, but at the same time, he didn’t want to let on that it was his first time. But when Gengermen looked him square in the face and asked. “That was your first time, wasn’t it?
Carlton gasp, “No, did she tell you that?
“No, you did, dimmy, with that silly grin you’ve had all day. With that, the two men laughed and howled most of the way home.
As a very young man, relationships with the ladies came easy… too easy. At the age of thirteen, Carlton was almost six feet tall, attracting the attention of ladies much older than himself.
• • •
Glenda was to be married the next day, and a feast had been planned. Carlton was behind the barn, filling a sack with wood chips when Glenda joined him. He made small talk, all the time wondering, if on such a day, didn’t she have better things to do, then help him gather wood chips? Then much to his surprise, she rushed him and cried out, “I just had to give you this before I marry,” and she held him fast and kissed him, long and passionately, stunned, he gently pulled away with a baffled smile, but it was too late. Glenda screamed, and all went black. When he awakened, he had bandages around his head and ribs; he had been beaten within an inch of his life.
Glenda’s betrothed, Edward, always knew she had an eye for Carlton and when she went acting strange, then missing and couldn’t be found, he set his heart on killing.
Leaving him for dead, they fled the village. It was some time before Carlton’s body was found and while he lay in bed unconscious for days, his father pursued the fugitives relentlessly until, at the insistence of his mother, he eventually ceased but posted a hefty reward for their heads.
From that time on, Carlton was forever leery of being alone with a woman. Even last night, he insisted that the door be locked, and he kept his dagger at hand. Perhaps this is why it was so easy to set his sights on Ellanora; she was a safe distance away.
• • •
The rest of the day was spent sleeping off the night before. But the next day was a repeat of the night before and the next and the next until their funds had run low.
Gengermen had an idea, “You’re the best card player I’ve ever known. Let’s have some fun and all the coin you can count.”
“Do you really think I could win that much?” Carlton questioned with zeal.
Gengermen nodded, “It’s certainly worth a try.”

11.
NOT ALL FUN AND GAMES
The place was one of the brothels they frequented. Carlton was quite comfortable in its familiar surroundings and the occasional lovely faces gliding by added to its appeal. Gengermen was right, Carlton was a winner and although the madam charged a beefy percentage of the winnings, the games padded their purse quite nicely. Rarely losing, these places became a frequent watering hole and the two grew to be quite popular.
During games, there was often talk of the Bounty, a secret game held once a month and never in the same place. It was said even the king had played once or twice. Desperately wanting to be invited to the Bounty, the two men kept their ears open as to when and where one may appear. And as luck would have it, one night when leaving the theater, they bumped into an old gaming buddy. After some prodding, the man conceded that if there was an available seat, they could come as his guest. But he warned it was high stakes, and he rambled the entire way with stories of great losses of land, property, and respect.
They arrived at an old inn, not the location one would expect to find a high-stakes card game and men of wealth. The place was quiet and a bit shabby. Just inside was a pub, with only a few customers dotted here and there. They followed the friend upstairs to a large smoke filled room, where they were introduced to what some would call, fat cats, they were indeed intimidating. Their wealth radiated from head to toe, making Gengermen and Carlton wonder if this wasn’t a mistake, especially after the way the other men looked them over suspiciously. Then just as they were about to excuse themselves, they were joyously welcomed to the game table with cries of laughter, “The more, the merrier, the more, the bigger the pots.”
Before the night was over these words rang in Carlton’s mind as he won more money than ever before. Even after he threw away a few hands not wanting to seem too grasping, he still cleared pots effortlessly.
Carlton started to gather his last winning off the table as the players exited the room congratulating and inviting him for a chance to win their money back. Gengermen drank himself to sleep in a corner chair, having lost all his money much earlier in the game. “Hey, wake up,” Carlton startled him, “We won, let’s go home.” Gengermen got to his feet, yawned and stretched, “I’ll meet you downstairs.”
Carlton collected the last coins and filled his pocket sack, then started downstairs when a maid stopped him, “Sir are you not spending the night like the others? It’s much too late to leave now.” Carlton, still wearing the smile of a winner answered, “No… well let me ask my friend. It is rather late.” Caution was at a minimum, as they had not yet been given a reason for alarm, but this wasn’t one of the refined establishments they usually frequented.
As Carlton approached the door, he slowed, was it the warning sound in the maid’s voice, was it the slightly muffled thud he thought he just heard or was it the fact the Gengermen was nowhere in sight, he couldn’t put his finger on it, but something wasn’t right. He tucked the coin sack in his boot. He only had a dagger; he drew it and cautiously stepped out.
There were three of them; one held a dagger at Gengermen’s throat, one stood just in front of Carlton and the other behind, all had daggers drawn. Ruff and mean looking, the one holding Gengermen called, “Throw down the money or your friend here is dead.”
Carlton had an extra card in his pocket, tall and thin, he looked like an easy mark, but that was misleading. Him being attractive, his opponent would always go for his face, so he always halted the punch with a block from one arm and a hard punch to the gut with the other. He would now add some of Gengermen’s spiffy knee and footwork putting the thugs in deep trouble, he thought.
Ever since his first kiss, the one from the lovely Glenda, that cost him a life-threatening beating, his father was determined to see to it his son could defend himself. He was adamant and sought the help of Ort, a battle-scarred loner from the far mountains. He was foreign, daunting, intimidating to look at, unapproachable, always frowning, dark, and bald with a massive build. He had little to say except to his employer, Carlton’s father. One could hear them laughing until late in the night. Ort, a soldier of fortune, was covered with battle stitch, and he had a story for each of them.
Ort took all the emotion out of battle. He drew Carlton an imaginary game board and thought a strategy technique that challenged Carlton’s mind and the instruction became more fun than training.
In an instant Carlton placed the three men on the game board and whispered to himself, “Oh I remember this one, well let’s get on with it.” Just then the innkeeper came to the doorway, “What’s going on out here?” That was just enough distraction for Gengermen to stomp the mugger’s foot and the fight began with the innkeeper retreating and slamming the door shut.
Sure as always, the thug went for Carlton’s face, and Carlton blocked and went for his gut almost knocking the scrawny creep out with one blow. Gengermen head-butted his opponent, knocking him into the wall where he slumped over. Swings, thuds, cries of pain, kick moans, cuts and the blood flew. But a fourth man caught Gengermen vulnerable, stabbing him in the side. Carlton knocked the knife out of his hand and kneed him in the groin. Doubled over, Gengermen kicked him in the face and down the steps, and all went still.
Carlton stood up straight, inhaled deeply, placed his fist at his hip and roared, “Those craps of skin and bone were no match for us.”
“And you,” Gengermen cried “are full of surprises, I had no idea,” He tried to stand up straight but he couldn’t, pulling his hand away from his side, he was bleeding.
Carlton banged on the door to get back in the inn, but the innkeeper was too frightened to open it. Gengermen insisted on going home to the palace; that he could never get any real rest staying there. So Carlton took him home and called the physician who bandaged him up and broke his fever.
It would be a long time before Gengermen would fully recover from his ordeal. In the meantime, Carlton caught up with his lessons and fell back into his old pattern of visiting the library were this time, he was the one telling the stories. Although the places, theaters, bars, brothels, extravagant shops and parties of the distinguished were familiar to them, Carlton told his tails with such zeal, it was positively riveting to watch him ramble.
At night when he retired, he wondered why Ellanora refused to see him. No one ever admitted it, but she was never anywhere to be found. He sat in the garden hoping for just a glimpse of her, perhaps on her balcony. Could it really be just a coincidence that she has just left, every time he inquires for her? Could she have heard about his wild escapades with Gengermen and lost all respect for him? Maybe she thinks I no longer care for her. There was no denying, things had changed, he was a different man but all the recent events, only made him realize how much he truly loved her. ‘If only I could see her, I would show her just how deeply I care,’ he thought.

12.
FAREWELL
Gengermen finally recovered, but his injuries had changed him, he was much calmer, turning down all invitations to gallivant around town.
At last, they received word that the war at the border with Hummy had escalated and that they were to report within a week.
Carlton’s romantic ideas sent his young heart racing. This was his chance to prove what a fine valiant warrior he was. Soon it would be his turn to tell battlefield stories with all the other men. But where was Ellanora? He couldn’t leave without seeing her; that’s not the way it’s supposed to be. He needed her, to wave goodbye, throw flowers and shed a tear or two.
Gram requested Carlton and Gengermen join him for a farewell toast. It was a last chance to look them over and make sure Carlton was in rare condition to better his chances at the border. The last thing he wanted to do was tell his mother he had been lost.
Gram kept the conversation upbeat and egged them on about the confidence he had in them, hoping it would bolster their courage, for deep in his heart, he knew this war could get long and mean. Looking into his eyes, he knew the next time he saw Carlton; he would be profoundly changed. He drank in the youthful optimistic fully refreshing chatter while he could, for surely a different kind of man would return.
Arm shakes and pats on the back, and he closed the door behind them. He let it tug on his heart a bit; Gram didn’t agree with the war; he could see no advantage. Other than that of the farmer, there was no gold found, not even an ounce. If he could speak his mind without losing his head, he would tell the king this war was pure lunacy.
• • •
Carlton left letters, many letters for Ellanora, with no response but when she received word that he was leaving to the border that very day, her heart raced. All this time she had wasted, fretful that his new worldly view, would cast her under a different light. The one where she would be pushed into the background of his life, no longer his closest confidante, the best friend, the one you tell everything, everything you can’t tell anyone else.
Yes, she had received his letters, full of adventurous tales with Gengermen. Gengermen had a reputation for crude accounts of gritty, rude and rash behavior. She pondered Gram’s reasoning for putting two completely different personalities together. Reading between the lines, there was a definite change in her Carlton.
The question, receive him and pretend it was all about him? Not mention her dreams that were telling her the world was coming to an end? Just close her eyes, so not to see, when he gives her that look she got from her father, almost every time she opened her mouth? Ellanora pondered these questions until the last moment; he was leaving, riding out, right now! She had to run to at least wave, throw a flower, something, anything!
Carlton and Gengermen headed out to the border alone. Over five hundred men had gone days before, but Gengermen was still a little stiff, and Carlton was quite heartbroken that Ellanora had ignored him. But once the horses were packed, the men mounted them, gave each other a devilish grin and dashed for the gate, just in time for one perfect white rose to fall in Carlton’s lap. He looked down, his heart elated with joy, he looked back to see her tearful face, the ends of blue ribbons in her braided hair gently blowing as she waved goodbye, from a small balcony, just the way he had imagined. He tucked the rose in his side, thorns whatever. This was the fuel he needed, that was all he asked for, that was the only thing missing, and now he felt he could win the war single-handed. Gengermen saw the look on his face, and the dash turned into a race.

13.
THE TOWTEN FLEE
A soldier jumped off his painted horse and ran into the palace looking for the king. He followed the cheerful cries and laughter coming from the main gardens of Towten Palace, where the king’s children played with the royal dogs. The sound of boots pounding caught the king’s attention as he was well aware of the turbulence just across the border.
A quick bow and the out of breath man expelled to the attentive king, "Majesty, the Sawtee have betrayed Wardee and taken parts of Hummy, and the rumor is, that they will not stop there. They will ally with the Tinnin and take us all, even into the Towten mountains.” The king stood silently in thought, as the sound of laughter and play continued in the background.
Later that night Queen Lorella sat at her vanity brushing her hair as the King paced the floor. "But husband, I thought we had an agreement with Wardee, I thought we were allies.”
“That agreement was with my father, Should Ryan die, the Sawtee will honor no one, and we are in no position to fight anyone.” Lorella stopped brushing her hair, "Then my love, what do you intend to do?"
Watching her reflection, he emerged from the dark background, gently pulled her hair away from her face and twisted it, pulling her head to the side, exposing a long area of her neck where he kissed her and whispered in her hear. “My dearest, I have a plan.” Lorella's eyes lit up as she beamed a devilish smile.
She swirled around and watched him make himself comfortable on the edge of the bed, he stared in thought. "Only a fool would not foresee this coming, and I have been kicking this idea around in my head for years. When I was a child, a man entertained my father with stories of a new land over the mountain. It sounded like a magical dreamland, I never forgot it. After father’s death and us being driven back into this wasteland, I sent men to explore beyond those mountains. They never returned so a few years later I sent another and one survived to tell the same incredible story. Months ago, I sent another and all five returned with wondrous tails.
Lorella's mouth fell ajar, her forehead creased and she shook her head with confusion and fascination, "no that was a fable, it just frozen mountains, avalanches, peeks and swamps a death trap. And the Chryislum storms, I know those victims were real.
He took her hands from her lap and looked sincerely into her eyes, "I won’t lie to you, the trip is perilous, dangerous, slippery ice drop offs and avalanches but they claimed they saw a great forest and beyond that, a great valley as far as the eye could see. Deep in my heart, I know this land is ours. "Lorella!" He gave her a puckered brow, "We are a peaceful people, we're not like the others, most have never even seen Towten, living here far from the rest we have never initiated war. Our lives are hard enough. Getting to his feet, he placed his fist to his hips and with a raised voice, declared. “I claim that place, and we will build a new and wonderful kingdom in peace.”
Lorella rose and embraced him tight, and even tighter as the idea of losing him crossed her mind.
Still holding her close he thought out loud, “As they are not at our door yet we will start to pack immediately. When the dogs show, they will find only the dust under their feet to plunder. I want it to look as if we simply vanished.

14.
GENGERMEN EXPOSED
Carlton opened one eye with the crow of a rooster and found himself in a pile of half-dressed sleeping women. He crawled out to find Gengermen had gone. He rolled over one of the women Gen had chased the night before, shook her awake and asked, “My friend, have you seen him, where did he go?”
She stirred, “You mean young and sweet? He’s gone home.” She grabbed his shirt and held on tightly, “He told me to take good care of you until he returns in a few days.
Growing impatient, Carlton asked, “Where is his home?” He stunned her wide awake with the sudden aggravation in the sound of his voice. He had no intention of holding up in such an uneasy, sordid kind of place.
“It’s too far.” Her voice slurred from the effects of too much ale from the night before. Carlton took her by the shoulders and got in her face, his serious look grasps her attention. “Where is he?” His demand woke the others. One sat up, pulling the hair out of her face, she answered clearly. “He’s gone home sir, to Westerlend, far north to the Towten border. That’s where he comes from.
Carlton quickly grabbed his belongings and headed north to Westerlend. The journey was meditative. It seemed to clear his mind, and his focus landed back to the goals he had set for himself. But the past months were priceless, he chuckled as he recounted his experiences and how they had changed is view on life. There was another world, he always knew it existed.
Westerland was a quiet sleepy village at the foot of high rolling mountains, covered with tall green grass. Gengermen lived even farther north all the way to the Towten border which was marked by snow caps.
The morning was brisk, and with nothing new on the horizon, he was about to give up, when he came over a rocky ridge and found a small green valley with a quaint little farm. Two small boys were throwing rocks at one another when Carlton startled them,” Excuse me, lads," he smiled, "Can you help me, I'm trying to find the house of Gengermen, do you know of him?" The boys dropped their rocks and dashed into the cottage.
Dismounting felt good. He thought; perhaps he could get a drink and relax a moment before moving on. As he reached the door, a woman opened it “Who are you, what are you looking for?” Her hair was a mess, and she was dressed plainly, but her clean natural beauty was notable. She had to be his mother, as he could see Gengermen’s face was in hers. She looked him over curiously.
“Yes madam,” Carlton removed his hat, “I’m looking for the family of Gengermen, I was told he lived at the foot of Towten Mountain. Perhaps you know of him? I’m Carlton, a good friend of his.” She gave him a slight smile, as a dark shadow emerged from behind her, it was clearly Gengermen. The younger boys then crowded the doorway to get a better look at the stranger.
Carlton was a bit taken aback’. He almost didn’t recognize him. He was clean shaven, his clothes were neat and tidy, his eyes clear and bright. It was as if he had washed years away.
He introduced Carlton to his mother in true genteel manner, and she in return invited him to stay for breakfast. Being quite hungry, he gladly accepted.
At the table, the conversation was kept simple, about the weather and someone had a new cow. She must have known where they were headed and dreaded the mention of it.
All along Gen couldn't have been more kind, even his voice was soft and mellow, leaving Carlton with more questions than his mother didn't ask, mainly, who was this man?
Gengermen cleared his plate and excused himself. When Carlton attempted to do the same, his mother grabbed his hand and stopped him.
With Gengermen and the boys gone, she took a deep sigh and looked Carlton in the eyes. Her face flushed, she pressed her lips, and then asked, “He goes to fight again, doesn’t he?” Carlton recognized the pain in her eyes. He had seen it before, in his own mother’s face.
“Yes, but be assured, he is a great warrior, like one of the best I have ever seen,” Carlton spoke from his heart, telling his mother stories of his experience with Gengermen, giving her the assurance she needed. She glowed with relief, making her even lovelier than before.
Glancing out the window, he saw Gengermen hiking up a far hillside alone, he excused himself and went after him.
Gengermen sat with his back against a large rock in the high grass and stared at a few scattered sheep, goats and wildflowers, taking in the mind clearing crisp morning air of the moment. 'It had its charm; this lifestyle,' he thought, just listening to the birds. 'So why then, am I so hell-bent on reclaiming my family's favor with the king?' His thoughts were interrupted by the sound of footsteps, it was Carlton.
“There you are, but what I’m really wondering is, who the hell you are?” Gengermen put a sprig of tall sweet grass in his mouth, as Carlton found a comfortable spot on the ground. He sat still, letting Gengermen have his moment.
Gengermen spat a bit of green, “What you don’t know is, I am of noble blood.” He paused, letting Carlton soak up the words. “No one was closer to the king than my uncle. He was powerful, and we were wealthy.” There was another long pause as Gengermen exhaled, “I grew up listening to my grandmother tell stories of her lavish lifestyle. She still wore one small ring that I can recall. They lived in Budstill castle not far from the palace, you know the place. We had land, gold, title, power and all the trimmings.” There was another pause, and he had yet to look at Carlton, who was riveted.
Carlton could see intense emotion in his friend’s face. It had to be a very sensitive spot, so he kept quiet. Then finally Gengermen continued,’ “One day my uncle forgot his place, yelling, damning and cursing the King, right in front of everyone at court. It was madness, and the survival of our entire family swung in the balance of life and death. After things cooled off, not even the king could save my uncle. My aunt, I’m told, pleaded on her knees all night in the Queen’s chambers but in the morning, the family was stripped of title, land, and wealth, and my uncle lost his head. The rest of them had their lives and whether the king knew it or not is debatable, but we were allowed to keep this strip, of far off hard land. But you see, it's mine now, and it’s beautiful.”
Carlton responded with kindness, “I knew it. There was always something, you just had a certain air about you.”
“You mean arrogance?” Gengermen raised an eyebrow, and the two men laughed. Finally looking at Carlton, he added, “Look around at all this peaceful beauty and yet I risk my life for a title. Where’s the sense in it?
Carlton had no answer.
Later Gengermen kissed his mother goodbye, and the men continued their journey to the border.
Strange thing, Carlton noted; it seemed that Gengermen morphed back into his more roguish self with every passing mile. His brow looked darker, bushier and his clean-shaven face blackened before nightfall, his voice deepened, and his teeth looked as if they had grown an inch whenever he gave his devilish grin.
Carlton knew there was something to be learned here. The soft demeanor had its place and the cad likewise, and he felt a lot more confident with the roguish sidekick flanking.

15.
THE BORDER WAR
Carlton and Gengermen joined troops at the Hummy border; it was horrendous like Carlton had never seen, and there was no break in the view. They lived closely, surrounded by strangers. His title gave him rank, and a tent that he had to share with many. It was cramped and smelly. It was hard to sleep with the snoring, coughing, and farting. On warmer nights, they opted to sleep outside. It was on all accounts depressing, even before he had a chance to step foot on the battlefield. The cries of pain, moans, and weeping were overwhelming, and as much as he had expected to see, he was not prepared for the magnitude of despair. The jovial ambiance of days before was lost, and the two men hardly spoke to each other.
Then it was their turn, but the captain was smart. He moved them away from the camp the day before and fed them well. Cool and dry, the location had a restorative effect on his men. He stirred their resentment and rallied their anger into a frenzy. The next morning when they buckled up their armor and took up their polished and sharpened weapons, they felt almost immortal with an eagerness to kill.
They moved into place, on edge and restless only because it was taking too long. They waited for hours on the back side of a sloping hill just above a small valley. Then he gave the signal to charge. If there was any hesitation or question in his mind, when he saw the hate on their faces, it invigorated him.
The thought was none other than to kill or be killed and suddenly everything moved in slow motion. Carlton thought, ‘I may die today, but I’m taking you with me.
With teeth clenched the two sides clashed like two mighty waves. The first blow you swung with all your might, grunting, snarling and growling like animals to the clamoring loud ghastly music of metal clashing against metal. Cut, slice, stab, and strangle, whatever it took to stomp the life out of the enemy. Each kill came with blood splatter, a mind flash of the pain and shock on his opponent’s face, the pressure and feel of the blade plunging into human flesh, but no time to take notice, counting the near misses, without a doubt, you were next. One could easily be astounded at what one was capable of doing on the battlefield, possessed with a bloodthirsty desire to survive.
And when a battle was over a feverish heat kept them fired up for days or weeks depending on the number of enemy encounters. Carlton had changed; he had lost the flash in his perfect smile, his buffed armor seemed to morph back to its original scratched and battle beaten appearance. Carlton now knew it had been etched in blood. He let his facial hair grow free, and dirt gathered under his nails, even with a chuckle he still wore a frown. And the camp that had horrified him at first, he no longer heard, smelt, or saw it, he reveled in it. He felt his feet steady on the ground, he thought.

16.
A DREAM COME TRUE
King Ryan dashed down the hall and into a receiving room where his oldest daughter Rosalinda waited anxiously. Father, she greeted him, now twenty-three and pleasingly adorn, as usual, she opened her arms for a hug and received it.
Rosalinda, my beauty; I have made plans for your future. Rosalinda lost her smile but said nothing and waited to hear what he had to say. It could be devastating when your father is the king, he could send you to live in a cave with a hundred-year-old man, and you would have no recourse, he would expect you to go.
He was so excited, he sat and patted the spot next to him. “Sit, sit here” and she did, “now my beautiful one, you are to be married, ” she held her breath, and her tummy did a twinge, as she waited for the word, the name to drop from his lips. “Prince Zale,”
Her eyes grew as her heart swelled with excitement. Zale was not only fit and handsome, but his father was king of the Tinnin, the richest and most powerful Kingdom in the world. Cream off the top, the ultimate catch was Prince Zale of the Tinnin. Though they were betrothed many years before, she thought he had long forgotten her. She had often heard stories of his victories at sea, as he was a sea fairing warrior, even with all her conceit she never imagined he would honor the promise after all these years without a word.
“Oh father,” she clasps her hands together.
“I see this meets with your approval,” he chuckled.
Out of her seat, she jumped hugging and kissing him, “Yes, Yes, the last time I saw him he looked to be a dream, just the way he stood there with his father and older brothers, I never forgot him.”
“Good, then it's settled. You'll need to prepare, his ship arrives in Codland, today.”
“Then I must run and pack.” She swirled around at the thought, glowing with euphoria, then stopped to find him standing before her. He reached out and grabbing her hands and with a solemn face looked into her eyes.
“My dearest child, I will miss you unbearably.
“Father, forgive me for being so thoughtless,” she sank back onto the bench, looking up into his face with glossy eyes she admitted, “I shall feel your loss deeply.”
The king gave her a bitter sweet smile' for a moment. He looked away and toward the window and continued, “The war seems to be heating up, this should keep you out of harm’s way.” A soft smile between them melted her heart and brought forth a tear.
Rosalinda was rambling through her jewel box when Ellanora, drawn in by high-spirited commotion asked, “What’s happened?”
Rosalinda answered rushed, “I'm going to Tinnin to be the bride of the most illustrious, Prince Zale.” The room was chaotic, with Rosalinda bellowing out orders, yes on this and no on that, maids ran in all directions, and not one thing was still in its proper place. Rosalinda barely made eye contact as Ellanora followed her around the room like a puppy.
“So, when do you?” Ellanora squeezed the question in.
“Soon” Rosalinda answered flatly and finally making eye contact she smirked, “There is a war coming, and father doesn’t want me to be in harm’s way.”
Ellanora dropped her eyes, feeling the thump, “I'm valuable, and you’re not.” The kind of insult her sister threw quite often. As the room buzzed with movement and voices at high speed, Ellanora slowly slipped out.
On her way down the hall, she pondered her sister's meanness. It was as if she never wasted a chance to insult or belittle her. It was true that Rosalinda went to great lengths to look like a grand princess where Ellanora did not. As a result, it seemed she was doomed to stay in the shadows of her older stepsister.
As she wandered quietly down the hall, she overheard her father’s voice; getting closer and it was an argument of some sort. Then she heard the names Carlton and Malinda, her heart skipped a beat, she stopped to eavesdrop. “Was she also to be given to her dream, Carlton?
There were many voices quarreling over a strip of land, land close to the Sawtee border, land that was Carlton's heritage and inheritance. She was shaken, and could barely breathe, why were they discussing this land as if he were dead? She heard her father say, "Malinda can stay here at court."
And another voice questioned, "And what of the boy?"
Another voice interrupted, "Keep him on the front lines long enough, he's not likely to return, problem solved."
"Sire, I beg you," pleaded the first voice, "this is a mistake, this family is one of our most trusted and the young man is one of your loyalist subjects. He’s already well respected among the Oratorium, just like his father. This would be tragic, and who's to say, since when did we start trusting the Sawtee, we all know them to be a corrupt lot. I say we wait for the Tinnin and leave the Sawtee out of it!"
Feeling the pressure, the king raised his voice and shut him down, "Am I not king?”
“As you wish your majesty." the noblemen backed off quickly, then there was silence.
There was a gasp, and Lord Binder angrily burst out the door, passing Ellanora without a word. Close behind, Lord Fexly stopped catching Ellanora’s livid expression.
“I must protest!” she clenched her teeth.
"No,” he took her hand, “not now my lady,” shaking his head and blinking his eyes. “The king is quite distressed, perhaps later.” He spoke calmly, trying to cool the moment, as he knew they had left the king in a dark mood, his brows arched with caution.
But fuming, Ellanora briskly pulled away and stormed into the room, leaving Lord Fexly reaching. He could hear her cry out and left not wanting to hear the outcome, of which could only be harsh.
“Oh!” she cried loudly, “how could you?”
The king waved, and the look on his face sent everyone out of the room quickly. “Send my Carlton to the front, confiscate his lands and give it away to the Sawtee. I can't believe my ears,” she covered hers “that you would do such a thing,” she shrieked.”
Finally taking a glance at the expression of sheer loathing on his face, she took care to step back a tad as he advanced upon her.
“You dare eavesdrop at my door?” He roared out making her hair stand on end. He was furious like she had never seen before; the look in his eyes was devastating, heartbreaking. She tried to stand up to him, but as his words crashed down upon her, she felt her legs weaken. “You think this cavalier, this boy, will return for you?” Her back now to the wall, his scorn sent her sliding down and crumbling to her knees. "You think you own yourself and shell do as you please? Well, you don't!" His words had a vile acidy spike to them, as if he had been smoldering a secret resentment and found this the perfect time to finally spew them and dissolve her. She felt no love, estranged, unwanted, stripped and forsaken. "I rule here, and you do as I say!” He hovered over her, “You don’t speak, think or breathe,” his voice rattled the windows, “unless I permit it!”
Ellanora was shocked to shaking and whimpering, she covered her face afraid he might even kick her, she didn’t dare raise her head as he took a few steps still ranting, "How could I?… because I'm King. You, you," he pointed, have the gall to face me?” His roar cleared the palace halls. “You have had it too good.”
There was a moment of silence, and she could hear his slippers take a few steps away. She opened her red soaked eyes and watched the hem of his robe turn to face her. Her head still down she listened as he harshly scolded, his voice so deep it sounded vile and unrecognizable. "If he survives, he won't find you here. You are exile, sent away with your sister, as her personal foot maid to do whatever she pleases. Be gone on that morning.” He stormed from the room, slamming the door so hard bits of plaster flaked from its frame. Her body still slumped as if paralyzed; she lay crushed from the heart, a pile of rags on the floor.
Ellanora had always lived in the shadow of her sister, seemingly always second best and this was ok as long as her mother lived she felt the love, but since her death, there was a void. Ellanora tried not to see it; it was painful, lonely, depressing to even think that her father hated her.
The sun was starting to go down when a servant came in with cool towels for her face and helped her to her room without anyone seeing. She then brought Hiona, and when she heard her voice she knew she was wrong, she was well loved. Love was all around her, perhaps, even more, people loved her than her sister. Then thinking about love, what of Carlton, her head pounded from crying and her heart continued to break.
Hiona entered Ellanora’s quarters to find her sobbing and wailing into her pillow. “There, there my sad kitten, she sat down beside her. “You won’t be alone I’ll be going with you.” Ellanora sat up, her face a blotchy red mess, “You are?” she questioned in a breath.
“Of course, you couldn’t leave without me.” She answered wiping Ellanora’s tears away with her thumbs. “Why would I want to stay here without you, stay here, when I could go along, to the most wonderful place in the world, where even the poor live better than we do? You know I accompanied your mother there just after you were born. I shall never forget how enchanting it was. Indeed, I didn’t want to go home. So let’s pack sweet one, you’re in for a wonderful venture. You’ll see muraled walls, decorated horses with painted carriages, wide roads with shops filled with things you have never seen. And the palace with huge columns, with doors as big as our city gates and the things they wore, oh I was given a dress before I left but… well, I grew out of it,” she tisk.
Hiona had Ellanora’s full attention now, she pulled away and started to open drawers and pull out garments and boxes as she rambled on with a high-spirited smile. “And the bath was open all day and night. Ladies would come, drink and laugh and step out warmed to the bone and smelling heavenly. And I mustn’t forget the food, my sweet kitten you are going to eat from gold platters filled with foods you have never seen or tasted.” She folded a garment in her arms and turned to Ellanora, who was watching her intensely. “Aah, and the men, I will have to keep a close eye on you.” She smiled and laughed a little but Ellanora dropped her head, it was going to take more than the most wonderful place in the world to soothe the pain of losing her Carlton.
“It’s not just leaving,” she looked up and spoke with a sniveling voice. “It’s Carlton, father, has given away his lands, claiming he’s not likely to return from the border. He said it as if he was nothing,” her hands covered her heart and her pouty lips whimpered a barely audible, “Oh Hiona, you know I love him, I have all my life. How could this happen to us?”
Hiona saw the error in her rambling, dropped the garment and returned to her whimpering charge. “Come now kitten,” she rubbed her back, “A big strong young man like him is bound to come out of this war a hero, and the first thing he will do is find his way to you. But until then you have to be as strong as he is, be the Wardeen Princess he expects you to be.” She stroked her hair, “you’ll see it will all work out, I’m sure of it. Now, help me find your best to pack, you’re going to need it.”
Her words struck a chord in Ellanora and desperation turned to determination. She sat up and stared at the floor, her dreams were starting to make sense. Her father’s thirst was not for water, but gold, gold that he would not find, just like the snake had said in her dream.
And Carlton, he was stripped in her dream, and by her father in real life, but there was still hope, as so far she hadn’t seen him die. Her heart quivered to dare be so optimistic.
Feeling a bit drained but stronger, she got up and helped Hiona pack her things. Suspecting she would never return, she gave away most of her belongings and warned anyone that would listen, that dark changes were coming and to prepare.
Like day and night, at the other end of the long hall, her sister Rosalinda, was never so happy. Every window in her chamber was wide open, and sunlight covered every dark thought. Every drawer, closet, wardrobe, chest, and box was open. All of her ladies danced around the room packing and giggling, with the sun splashing in on glittering, shiny explosions of color piled here and there. “Will you be taking this one?” “Do you want the matching shoes?” “Is this the one you were looking for?” “Oh, look what I found.” “Here’s the new one.” “Taking this?” “No, take that.” was the constant chatter that sang till late into the night. With no intention of returning, and plans to meet her betrothed and sail to the fabled land of her stepmother, she also gave away much, but in the end, she had forty-four trunks.
Only four of Rosalinda’s ladies in waiting could go without leaving family, so there was a big to-do goodbye party in her chambers that night. As the sun went down the pail painted room warmed a bright gold from the candles and fireplace. Shadows danced and bounced off the walls with lots of laughter, music, food, and wine. The open windows cooled the host, and the gayety took hold of the breeze and landed in the ears of all who passed in the gardens below. Only Ellanora was missing.
That night Ryan slept restlessly. It had been an explosive day, with the Tinnin on the way, quick decisive and harsh decisions had to be made. Ryan felt his back against the wall. He hadn’t reported the gold or border wars; he hadn’t called for their interference at all. It looked as if he might have been hiding gold. It was strange that suddenly Tee had decided to send Zale after all these years. There would be no sleeping for Ryan.
The king gave his daughters a beautifully dressed caravan along with a small sentinel as he wanted to impress the Tinnin. It seemed all the people of the town were out to say goodbye, throwing flowers and small chips of dried fruit, making the air fragrant.
With smiles of joy, Rosalinda kissed her father, and there was a fair love in his eyes. Ellanora also kissed her father who was disappointed to see her red eyes with not even the slightest smile, still resentful and defiant, he thought. But he was mistaken, for it was not anger he saw on her face but pain. In her heart, she truly believed this was the last time she would ever see him and all things put aside she loved him dearly, and it hurt.
Ellanora road in a separate coach from Rosalinda; so not to dampen the festive mood of the others. It was a beautiful cool, clear morning, a good start for their long journey.
Suddenly the coach stopped; looking out, a coachman ran passed Eleanor’s curious nose, and up to Rosalinda’s coach, then he ran back to another coach trailing behind. Out pops Amanda, a troublemaker, no doubt her mother was behind this. Amanda was a year younger then Ellanora, lovely, full of life and energy, she giggled continuously, annoyingly. How could anyone be that happy? Ellanora thought as she watched her bounce her way toward their coach. No, no, not here, please keep going, she prayed, but the coachmen opened the door, and she climbed in with that perfectly irritating smile.
“Well, hello ladies, it looks as if I’m riding with you!” Ellanora’s emotionless, unwelcoming expression didn’t faze Amanda’s beaming smile one bit!

17.
THEY ARRIVE
Two of Ryan’s guards had gone ahead to Codland Palace, to announce the Wardeen Princesses arrival. One returned to report that there was no reception waiting for them. Well, that was disappointing she thought and started to question herself. “They are expecting me? Has the Prince arrived yet?” Rosealinda asked the guard. He nodded “His ship is in port, my lady.”
“Oh,” she gave a slight smile, “It has to be this war, what else would I expect.
“Should we proceed?” he asked.
“But of course,” she replied, her eyes bulged with anticipation. She couldn’t wait to see if he was still as handsome as she remembered.
The ocean air engulfed the caravan as they came closer to the coast and then there it was; the ship could be seen from afar. Rosalinda’s coach bounced as she and her ladies pampered and prepped to look their best for their first appearance. But upon arrival at Codland Palace, it was as she had been told. No fanfare, no hoopla, no reception of any kind. How disappointing, perhaps he wasn’t at the palace but ill aboard his ship, she thought.
The coach stopped at the palace main entrance. And was greeted by two guards with a slender elderly woman dressed in gray. She was expressionless; her hair pulled tight enough to raise her eyebrows a little too high, making her look wicked. She dressed rather plain but there was an elegance about her, and she wore an exquisite bracelet on her boney wrist.
Her greeting was cold and harsh sounding. “Princess Rosalinda?”
Rosalinda was quite offended by her attitude, so she returned it. “Yes, I’m Wardeen Princess Rosalinda, I am here to…
“We know why you are here,” the woman interrupted, looking at the length of the caravan and stopping just short of rolling her eyes. “Please follow me. She turned and quickly advanced up the steps without a glance back.
In her entire life, Rosalinda had never been treated so rude and coarsely. If she had been home this woman would have been dealt with cruelly, she thought. Furious, her eyes caught her ladies in waiting, but no one dare say a word, even Ellanora was a hush.
Upon entering the Cod’s Palace, they found it warm and cozy. The drab cold gray brick walls were covered with colorful tapestries. The floors glimmered with abalone and mother of pearl embedded in marble. Displays of their sea culture and history fascinated the ladies, slowing them to the point of annoyance, and the old woman had the nerve to tap her foot. It was all Rosalinda could do, not to pull her guard's sword and take the woman’s head, not that she had ever done such a thing.
The ladies could hear laughter and conversation but were led in another direction. Finally, she stopped at the end of a long hall deep in the palace. She opened the double doors to a bright circular room with a glass dome ceiling, painted brightly, with white and gold trim. There were seven doors, a room for each but only one had a small secluded garden. “Here are your rooms” she gave half a nod and started to leave when Rosalinda insisted,
“I demand an audience with Prince Zale!”
Without turning around the woman replied, “He will see you if and when he pleases.” She took a few steps, stopped and added “Madam,” then took her exit quickly, leaving Rosalinda shaken with rage.
Each room had a fireplace and long slender windows that gave a great deal of light. Each was painted a different color and again trimmed in white and gold. Each had a different fresco of lovers in an outdoor scene, but nothing offensive. The Cod’s were known for having little furniture but were very artistic; they painted everything, believing it would protect it from their ocean environment.
The ladies rushed and squabbled over the rooms except one that was obviously Rosalinda’s. It was much larger and had a sitting room with a private door leading to the small garden. All in all, despite the frigid welcome, the accommodations were splendid.
The trunks were placed in the center room, and in the midst of all the confusion and excitement, no one noticed that two young ladies and a boy had been standing at the room’s entrance, for no one knows how long.
Hiona asked, “May we help you?” They were Cod’s by the way they dressed, all one color from head to toe. At once everyone took notice, and the room was still. The boy came forward, “We are here to serve you with whatever you desire. Hiona smiled, and they returned it, the first smiles they had seen since they had arrived. Cora led them to Rosalinda’s room, and within moments it was evident that they had found common ground. The Cod’s also found the Tinnin to be rude, excessive and extravagant, demanding, egotistical, arrogant and haughty. Before the hour had passed, six more Cod’s servants had joined to serve the Wardee Princesses.
They shut the double door to the center room, and the Tinnin were suddenly known as (those people). They were a welcomed relief to each other. This was also a way for Rosalinda to gather information about her to be husband. And what was said wasn’t good but then again, he hadn’t seen the beauty she had come to be. “Things will change once he sees me.” she thought out loud.
Slowly other more prominent members of the Cod’s Royal family introduced themselves, apologizing for the Tinnin but careful not to bruise any bubbled egos for political reasons…. you understand.
For three days they saw no one, only their Cod servants. Anything and everything they wanted, their food and what so ever they desired was brought to the center room. Rosalinda repeatedly accused Zale of holding her prisoner. Finally, the invite, not to dine or meet privately but an open audience with the Prince.
“It’s about time” she bounced about the room with her ladies primping from head to toe. “I’m surely going to give him a piece of my mind. Who does he think he is keeping me, Rosalinda, cooped up and isolated, for days without being properly received? Wait till I write my father,” she snarled.
In expectation, Rosalinda had a dress especially fashioned just for this occasion. An expensive, beautiful brocade trimmed with white lace and shimmering silver beadwork throughout. She wore an impressive size blue Safire around her neck and on her finger, while purls were braided in her hair here and there. The dress was flattering to her body and when she was done the ladies stood back in awe of their beautiful handiwork.
The Cod’s looked a little puzzled but said nothing and escorted her out down the silent empty halls. Proud and elegantly she floated and wondered where everyone was? Two polished guards opened huge gold-painted doors to a room packed with Tinnin. The scene was striking, freezing Rosalinda where she stood. Even as a child, she had never seen such splendor.
You could hear a pin drop when Prince Zale motioned for her to come forward. Never taking her eyes off him, her heart pounded making her light headed, but she dares not faint. The crowd was a blur of glimmering jewels against a mass of rich, vivid, deep colors. It seemed to take forever to reach the foot of the throne where he sat. She stopped, knelt, rose and looked him straight in the eyes and nowhere else. He sat waiting for her to say something but she said nothing, hoping her glare said it all. Finally, he spoke, “It’s been some time since I last saw you, my… betrothed,” he hesitated. His voice was calming, but she could tell by his gaze he wasn’t exactly pleased. She had to admit she felt not underdressed but perhaps a bit juvenile. Besides he wasn’t what she had dreamed him up to be either. He wasn’t as robust as she recalled his father being, his hair was pulled back, no longer the thick mess of curls it once was. She had missed his luscious years.
Finally broadening her view, she noted several women giving her a vile look. She felt like meat on a rack, and he was the only one keeping the hounds from ripping her apart.
Slowly he got up and circled her, examining her from head to toe. “Ladies and noblemen, this is my bride to be.” He lifted a curl and dangled it. A wider view exposed the fact that she was being made a spectacle of. All eyes judged and scrutinized.
The wave of being inadequately dressed blew off, and was replaced with her original pride, reminding her of who she was. She stood a little taller, a slight smirk covered her face and beamed through her eyes.
With a devil may care attitude she answered him. “Yes, my lord, it looks as if it has been quite some time.”
He picked up the chill in her voice. “Judging by your dress, there is some confusion.” He stopped circling, crossed his arms then placed two fingers on his cheek. “You are over twenty, aren’t you?” there was snickering in the background.
“After days without a proper greeting or introduction, I wasn’t expecting a mature audience.” She looked at him like a snake giving warning. There was a hush then a few whispers but otherwise silence. Then he roared out laughing.
She has nerve, he thought, as he reached out his hand, “Come, sit beside me and see how you like it.”
With her head held as high as possible, she elegantly ascended up the steps, all along feeling daggers at her throat. Admittedly beautiful, a woman stood just to the side of him, catching eyes, this is where the heat was coming from.
One by one the Tinnin greeted and introduced themselves, some dry, some amused, some indifferent but most were kind and open. This went on for over an hour until the prince invited her to dinner and dismissed himself. The strange woman, who was never introduced, followed close behind him along with a few others.
Rosalinda was suddenly surrounded by well-wishers with lots of stories and questions. The older woman in gray returned and stood at the door as if blocking it and never took her eyes off her. When a guard gave her a message, she interrupted the gathering announcing that Princess Rosalinda, begs her leave, and she and two guards quickly escorted her back to her quarters. Rosalinda had made no such request and demanded a reason for such action, but got nothing.
Rosalinda knew her ladies were waiting eagerly to hear all, but upon opening the doors to the center room, she found them all barefoot and stripped down to their underwear, crying.
Running to her sister, Ellanora explained anxiously, “They have taken everything, all our clothing, jewels, ribbons, and brushes,” she looked down at her feet, “Even our shoes.” Cora joined, “We were frightened for our lives.
Rosalinda staggered for a moment, then quaked with rage when a purl comb popped out of her hair. Balling her fist, she narrowed her eyes, “Are we at war with the Hummy or Tinnin?” She stormed to the doors, and they automatically opened, and the gray woman was back. Rosalinda lashed out, “What is the meaning…” But the gray woman rudely interrupted again.
“My lady” she looked as if the words gagged her, “You are not permitted to leave your quarters until you are properly dressed.” She promptly turned her back and walked away leaving Rosalinda screaming “How dare you!” as the doors were closed by two Tinnin guards.
Angered to tears, Rosalinda paced the center room floors ranting, raving, swearing and cursing the prince. “When my father gets his hands on him, just who does he think he is? I’ll have him know…”
Suddenly the doors burst open, and a train of servants brought in trunk after trunk until the center room was full. The last servant bowed “My Lady” and left. The room was silent, waiting for Rosalinda to make the first move, just how did she feel about this, elated and excited by the mysterious trunks or insulted by it. Even she wasn’t sure. She strolled around slowly then looking into the maidens faces she threw up her arms and cried “Let’s open them up!”
Rosalinda took a comfortable seat and watched. Like young children, the room erupted into screams and laughter. The trunks were full of the most lavishly beautiful garments they had ever seen. Timely, the Cod servants returned to help the ladies with dressing as the style and fastening was odd. There were no buttons or hooks, everything was laced up, wrapped around and tied. The shoes were strange like a boot and ornate. They wore rings in their ear and combs in their hair, but different. They sent paint for the face to cover every flaw, and this took training and was hours of fun and laughter for all.
After things had settled down, there was still three very elaborately carved chests left that had golden locks, obviously set aside for Rosalinda. A boy danced into the room with a long golden box. He was but maybe five and adorable with big curls on top his head and huge eyes.
“This is for you,” he smiled showing his perfect baby teeth. He handed Rosalinda the box. It had leaves carved on it that matched the trunks. Opening it, she found a long golden key.
“Thank you little sweet one,” she kissed him, he giggled and ran off.
Now for the grand finale, the trunks everyone had been waiting for. Was it truly possible they could be filled with things more beautiful than what they had already been given? Oh yes, one by one they were opened and were filled with the best of the lot. Rosalinda sat, as a steady train of gifts were pulled from the trunks by the maids still barefoot. They oohed and aahed at such breathtaking grandeur, even the Cods rang out praises and gawked with mouths ajar.
Rosalinda was overwhelmed and felt a tinge regretful at the anger and dark thoughts she had earlier. Perhaps it wasn’t quite so bad after all. Long after dinner, the ladies laughed and played card games in Rosalinda’s room, except Ellanora, who sat staring into the flames of the fireplace, where she saw men battling in the orange, black and blue embers.
Rosalinda tossed and turned during the night trying to think of a way to thank the prince she had scorned so harshly. The next morning, she dressed expecting his call, but by noon there was still nothing. Fed up waiting, she and her ladies, now dressed properly, made their way to the main hall with no problem. In fact, it seemed the palace was somewhat deserted.
Opening the main hall door, she found it empty. Perhaps they had the place to themselves. A little bit unnerved the ladies fluttered down the halls opening doors and finding no one, not even a Cod servant. Have we been deserted they thought? Then Rosalinda cried “Shush,” and they could hear chatter and followed it to another set of double doors seemingly identical to theirs.
The ladies opened the doors, and Rosalinda stepped into a center room filled with the Tinnin ladies of court. The room went silent. One woman stood up, the one who had daggers in her eyes just yesterday, looked as if she had been insulted by Rosalinda’s abrupt interruption.
“He’s gone; he has gone to fight your father’s war. They eyed one another like she-cats, “We are to wait here for his safe return… and he had better return.” She lifted her nose into the air, “Tell me princess, is there gold? The Cods tell me no one has seen or found any. You see, this is the true purpose of this journey and his father will be very upset when he finds there is no gold and all this was a scheme to get King Tee to support your fathers attempt to conquer his long hated rival the Hummy.” She narrowed her eyes and tighten her lips, “And if he should die, I’m holding you hostage and responsible for your father’s actions. You and your insipid sister will be dragged before King Tee to punish as he pleases. Now do I need to lock you up in the dungeon or do you think you and your cows can confine yourselves to your quarters?” She returned to her seat and blinked her eyes as if awaiting an answer.
The room was a still life, waiting for the two women to go to blows. Rosalinda’s face had turned red and nose faired and when she spoke each word spit out as if through sharpened teeth, and she spoke loudly, “How dare you speak to me in such a manner. I am Princess Rosalinda of Wardee,” at that moment two Tinnin guards stepped forward, “You have no power over me,” she sneered, “holding me hostage will cost you your head when my betrothed returns.
The woman’s eyes widened, she stood up, “Your betrothed!” there was stress in her voice. “You should know he belongs to me, everyone in this room knows it.” The eyes of two other ladies wander as if he had also given his heart to them and Rosalinda caught it and gave her a smirk as Ellanora and the other Wardee ladies rustled dresses behind her.
The woman recoiled, “You may have the title and sit by his side on the throne one day, but at night he will come to me, as I have already given him two sons!
“Whore!” Rosalinda roared and the room gasps, “Enjoy it now for when I get the slightest chance I will take your worthless life.”
Not a word was heard as she stormed from the room with her ladies and two guards trailing behind. There was no calming her the rest of the night. She ranted and raved back and forth, she paced, and though they were tired, not a soul would dare leave her presents. “Take a letter, Angela, I must reach my father, I would be treated better at Hummy Palace, why do I feel like the Tinnin are my enemy? Why are we treated like dogs?
Finally laying her weary head down for the night, Ellanora reviewed, such a ghastly day, she thought. Awkward wasn’t the word for it, it made her feel extremely uneasy, vulnerable and homesick. She had to agree with her sister, their treatment was baffling. One moment we’re showered with the most exquisite gifts and the next we’re threatened with the gallows?
She could see why the prince may prefer the Tinnin woman as she was indeed beautiful with fine features, enchanting eyes, a fine frame that made the Tinnin garments drape nicely, and her jewels showed someone cared for her dearly. What a shame they had to be at odds with one another, Ellanora thought, I would have loved to hear her stories, I could tell she must have had some good ones.

18.
MALINDA
Gram sat at his desk staring darkly into nothingness. He had seen this before; there was no escape, no advantage, and no win, in this war. Life was about to change, and he had to be ready, he needed a plan. Now was the time to lay the strategy for survival and ask yourself the questions what really matters in my life and how do I protect it.
First things first, he thought, Malinda. Quietly but swiftly on his way out of his office, he told Max to keep an eye out for Carlton and that he would return in a few days.
King Ryan paid little attention to the record keepers, Grams now position, which made it easy to slip away without anyone noticing. Unlike some others, Gram was the one you would come to when the king needed wit or an intelligent opinion. Not surprising, the King never asked for Gram's opinion on the war, whether fighting for the gold was in fact a feasible idea.
Gram suspected the gold was only an excuse to bring down the Hummy, whom the Wardee and Sawtee were envious. After the big war, while others suffered great loss and damage, In Hummy, life seemed barely affected. He could imagine in an all-out war, the Hum would fight hard, as the Hummy people had a lot to lose.
Gram took a swift horse and dashed to Galeridge Castle, hoping to soften the blow the king’s men were about to deliver Malinda. Every minute mattered, and he could waste no time. Racing across the countryside, he recognized an old feeling, it was quite some time since he had such a dire mission. His life had been peaceful for years, and now the fearful unrest had returned. Even though he raced his horse like a young man, he felt he hadn’t the stamina and stomach for war, the fearless rash thinking. No amount of rallying by the king and his troops could motivate him to support this war, but at this moment he felt more motivated than in years to get to Malinda, especially before the Sawtee. It would be so wrong for him not to be there for her. Quin, his once best friend, and her now dead husband, would never forgive him. But that wasn’t all.
On top the hill looking down things seemed peaceful, farms were being tended, there were no gatherings, no fires. Perhaps he had reached her in time. But a closer look at the faces of the servants said all was not right. A man at the castle gate told Gram she was not there; he pointed a way off. "She's with the old one."
Arriving Gram found her in a most lovely place, a place one would come to say goodbye. There was an old castle ruin about six feet by ten, with other rubble laying around. A beautiful tree covered in lavender flowers hung over a lone bench that sat in front of the ruin. From this spot, one could see Galeridge castle and the surrounding rolling fields of green. Gram would have found the moment and sight wondrously peaceful, pleasing to the eyes and soul, except for what seemed to be a lifeless body in Malinda's arms. Gram dismounted and approached the bench.
"Malinda?"
"Gram…, my son?” she spoke sharply and without looking at him. Her face was almost as pale as the old woman she held in her arms, and her voice was dry and cold.
"He is well" he answered softly. Gram felt helpless in the moment.
She broke as if a blade had been pulled from her back. "I knew you would come, you always seem to show up when I need you most," she finally turned to see his face full of compassion but with a loss for words. Gazing back at the picturesque view, she continued, "She loved this place, so I knew I could find her here. Glancing back at Gram, her lip quivered and her voice cracked, "She overheard the king’s guard at the door, and it was too much."
Gram took the body away from her, wrapped it in his cloak and laid it across his horse, and the two of them walked back to Galeridge castle for the last time. Few words were spoken, though Gram had lots to say, including the fact he felt there really wasn’t enough time for all the sentiment, but his heart could not deny her.
The family had a burial rights location; the same place the old woman son, Gram's best friend's bones lay. They would take her there.
The castle was stripped of furnishings, as Malinda had given all but a few things away, so they were swiftly on their way. By the time they reached the burn grounds, the sun was starting to drop. Gram placed the body on the altar and started to gather wood and Malinda gathered wildflowers. Gram soaked the wood in Mandalen oil and placed it under and around the body.
To their surprise, villagers started to arrive: bringing more wood, flowers, oil and carved effigies of gifts to go up in the blaze, which was the custom. The crowd and the outpouring was considerable. Gram handed Malinda the torch, and the blaze was enormous. The smell of Mandalen oil was in the air for miles.
In the morning gram gathered what was left of the body, rolled it in a special garment Malinda claimed was her favorite and placed it in a tomb, where his best friend’s bones and others were still laying. He also laid the dog to rest. Apparently, Ryan’s soldiers killed it, when it attacked them.
Gram convinced Malinda that there was no time to waste: that he must get her to safety and rush back to the palace where he was sure Carlton would head, once he found out what the king had done. So they left straight away.
The roads he took were isolated and lonely with hardly a soul in sight. Then in a somewhat rocky area, was a small farm with a man in a small garden, with sheep dotting the hillside. The air was thin, clean and crisp. Gram rode ahead and told the man to bring food. Then led Malinda to a tall ruin wall, a castle had once sat there, all gone but evidence laying around showed it was once of some size. Roses had overgrown it and were in bloom. It was ugly but most beautiful at the same time.
Gram dismounted and helped Malinda down, grabbed a bag or two and opened the old wooden door. Malinda could see the castle had no roof, but to her surprise, the old castle was no more than a few walls concealing a beautiful cottage behind.
It was wonderful, roomy, clean and fresh. Gram opened the windows and let the fragrance of the rose blossoms blow in. There were two rooms and a loft. She couldn’t but think that Gram had planned on marriage and a family someday. When he returned from bringing the rest of her things in, he led her to a lovely bright room, “This one is for you.” It had a bed big enough for two, and when she opened the window, it faced out the back to a beautiful view of the mountain behind.
“I hope this is to your liking, at least for a while until things settle down.”
“Oh, Gram how can I ever thank you? You have always been so helpful and thoughtful. This place could not be more.” She stood looking out the open window and inhaling its beauty.
“I must go now. Will and his wife will try to accommodate you with whatever you desire. I will bring or send for Carlton as soon as I get back. In any case, I must leave.”
While Gram was talking, Malinda noticed the large rose carved box had her name carved into it. Puzzled, she stared at him for a moment, “Gram, this box has my name on it.”
He was speechless, embarrassed, his eyes darted around a bit. "Yes, I'm sorry, I forgot to have it moved, it’s very old… I must go," he stressed again. He nodded, and they stared at one another a moment too long, then he left.
Malinda sat on the bed and scanned the room, her eyes stopping at the box. She recalled the first time she saw Gram; she met her husband and Gram in her father’s office, the same office Gram now holds. They were both so young and dashing, Quinten so outspoken and Gram so quiet. If this box was for another Malinda, she could remember none, and if he had desires for her, he never said a word.
The only clue may have been at her husband’s deathbed, when he told her she could count and trust Gram above all others. Looking at her name carved so beautifully, she just had to open it. It was empty, except for a jewel case. Inside, she found a ring, with a golden rose. She had to try it on, and it fit. A voice at the door said softly, "Please… never take it off.” She glanced back and found Gram, who had returned to tell her, Vena would bring food later. She was speechless; the look in his eyes was penetrating, a look she hadn't seen for a long time.

19.
SECRET ESCAPE
The Wardee ladies were given whatever their hearts desired, with the exception of leaving. A small but beautiful walled in patio garden connected to Rosalinda's room provided the only taste of the outside world, that is, the sun, moon, and stars. But it did help to soothe the cooped-up feeling.
One day a melancholy Ellanora sat quietly in her room sewing, her mind filled with everything dark and troublesome. Amanda stopped sewing, stood in the doorway, and tossed her unfinished pillow, hitting Ellanora in the head. She said nothing but rolled her eyes with a tisk.
"Want to trade rooms?" Amanda flopped down on Ellanora's beautifully made bed.
"No, why?" She replied utterly annoyed with Amanda's company.
Rising slowly, Amanda floated to the window, cat bopped the tassel that held a velvety drape back, while catching a few butterflies in her sight. "What if I knew a way out of here?"
This got Ellanora's attention. "What?" She looked up from her boring needlework.
Turning her back to the window, "I Was told there's a way out of here, and it's somewhere in this room.”
Ellanora dropped her sewing into the basket by her side and gave Amanda a steady gaze.
"You mean there's an escape in here, like a secret passage or something? Amanda saw the zeal in Ellanora’s eyes. She moved in closer and lowered her voice.
“One of the Cods, the one called Jessica told me it was in the fireplace.” The two young ladies went to work examining the massive brick hearth, but with wide eyes and all their enthusiasm, they found nothing. Ellanora put her fist to her hip,
“Where’s Jessica now?”
“She brings wine at supper.”
“Does anyone else know?” Ellanora snickered
“Just the two of us,” Amanda’s eyes rose to meet Ellanora’s, the two bursts into laughter loud enough to make them cover their mouths, not wanting to let the cat out of the bag.
After supper, Ellanora asked Jessica a question about shoes, and when she couldn’t answer it properly, Ellanora offered to show her what she meant. "Come," she led her to her room, and Amanda closed the door, then they rushed her.
"Where's the escape, is it like a tunnel? We searched and couldn’t find anything, what does it look like, where does it lead?”
Jessica backed up against the bed until she flopped down upon it. “Ah, it's the fireplace" she pointed. "But I've never used it; I mean I just overheard someone speak of it.” Ellanora and Amanda sank, and when Jessica saw their disappointment, she reassured them, "But I'm positive it exists, and it's in this room.”
“We attacked the fireplace and all around it, brick by brick and found nothing." Amanda sighed.
“No matter,” Jessica giggled, “Those tunnels are so old, God only knows what’s living in them.”
“Where did it lead,” Ellanora probed?
“All tunnels lead far outside the palace grounds, so you may have to travel far to get to an exit.”
“There are more secret passages?” Ellanora asked surprised,
“Oh yes, about six my lady. In this area of the palace, it is this room, the one with the vines painted around the windows. No one ever uses them anymore. They were from long ago when one had to make a quick escape. Who knows what lives in those tunnels today, surely, they are filled with rats, spiders maybe a few snakes.”
Ellanora reared back, disgusted and itched a bit. “Well one thing is for sure,” Amanda added, “there’s always dampness, darkness, and cobwebs.” They had a jitter and snickered.
Ellanora flopped down on the bed next to Jessica and slapped her hands on her knees.
"There’s nothing we can do right now anyway; I have a nice fire burning. There was silence as they all stared at the burning orange and black embers crackling until Amanda suggested, "How about a game of cards.”
It had gotten late when Hiona gently opened the door. "Are you ladies going to stay up all night? Jessica had already gone, and without the fire being rekindled, it had gotten much cooler. Amanda threw down her hand of cards, "I'll lose nothing if I quit right now, my lady” she nodded with a devilish smile and followed Hiona’s candle out the door.
Ellanora carried a lone candle to the table next to her bed and climbed in under two warm comforters. It was cozy, but nothing was comfy enough to get the idea of a secret passageway out of her mind. Tossing and turning, eventually, she got up and cast the candlelight around and about the fireplace again; looking for anything they may have missed earlier.
Now with the fire long cooled, she stepped into the mammoth hearth, held the candle up and looked around to find a ring hanging loosely under the fireplace mantel, where one would never see it, unless you stepped inside and turned about.
Her heart pounded with panic and excitement, she pulled on the filthy grimy ring, nothing happened. Her hands and slippers were covered with ash, she realized this was going to take some care. Not to mention the old ring, would pulling on it cause the fireplace to collapse? She stepped out and cleaned up a bit, better to wait until tomorrow when she would share her finding with Amanda.
But the excitement wouldn’t let her sleep. Up and at it again, she stood on the outside of the fireplace, reached under the mantel, grabbed the ring and pulled, pulled and put all her weight on it, until it gave in a bit, and a bit more. Then with the loud sound of grinding and scraping, an awful gust of dust belched in and blew out the candle.
Ellanora gasped and jumped back as a continuous breeze of damp cool darkness puffed in like a black phantom. She scrambled to relight the candle and revealed the entrance to the dark void. She backed away, then peeped in the center room, to see if anyone had been awakened by the rumbling.
It was too eerie to go it alone. She gave Amanda’s door a gentle knock but got no response, so she ever so quietly slipped in and awakened her. A little groggy Amanda asked, "What are you doing up, what time is it?" Ellanora smiled and whispered, "I found it, I found the passage!"
Amanda sprung up, "What? When?
“Just now Ellanora snickered, I just couldn’t sleep, so I tinkered around and found a ring and pulled it.”
With that, Amanda slipped into her slippers, and the two tiptoed quietly back to Ellanora's room where at first glance, Amanda gasp "Never in my life have I ever seen anything so dark and daunting.”
After lighting every candle in the room, they examined the entrance carefully. Ellanora grabbed a poker from the fireplace tools and entered, knocking down a few cobwebs blowing in the entrance.
“You were right, plenty of cobwebs,” her voice echoed even at a whisper. Turning back to look at Amanda she asked. "So, what do you think, shall we see what’s beyond the cool black darkness?"
Amanda gave her a devilish grin, "I am with you, please lead on my lady." They giggled; Ellanora held the candle high with one hand and fought off cobwebs with a poker in the other.
"So far, no rats, no snakes." Amanda expressed with great relief. “just darkness and walls of cobwebs.”
“That makes me wonder,” Ellanora stopped and glanced around, "If we have so many cobwebs, where's the spider? The look on Amanda's face made her answer her own question quickly, "Long dead I'm sure.”
As far as they could tell, the tunnel was straight and narrow no twist or turns, but there were cross tunnels which they didn’t take for fear of getting lost.
After about an hour of nerve-racking darkness, fear of getting lost, or worst, running into something hideous, they decided they weren’t quite prepared for such a venture, all alone in their gowns and bedroom slippers.
The journey back, was quick as the ladies stepped lively with the unseen hands of darkness at their backs. Slowing only at moments when speed was about to take out a candle. They were almost running by the time they saw the light from Ellanora's bedroom. Once inside she quickly pulled the ring and the fireplace closed, looking normal again and without the loud scraping noise.
The two young women just sat on Ellanora's bed staring at the fireplace, "So, Amanda asked, "We're not going to tell anyone about it?" After a moment Ellanora answered, "No It will be our secret, and if things go really wrong between my sister and Prince Zale, only then will we surprise them with an escape.
The next morning there was something different about the two, not just that they had slept late, but they had a glow of high energy about them.
At night, like planned, they waited until every flickering candle had gone out, Amanda entered Ellanora's room dressed in boots, nightgown, and hooded cloak. Ellanora stuffed a towel under the door, should someone notice a candle still burning in her room. She handed Amanda a large ball of twine to help show the way back. With daggers at their side, this time going out they felt a lot more confident and they moved swiftly.
Finding the spot where they had stopped the night before, was obvious by the start of thick cobwebs. Moving along Amanda's mind began to wander, "I've been thinking, what do you think is at the end, maybe a cave opening, maybe there is no end, and we end up back at your door,” she snickered. “No one's been in here in a long time, it could be caved in by now.” Before Ellanora could halt Amanda's wild imagination, the tunnel had a turn. She checked the yarn in Amanda's arms and moved on to another turn and a cross and another cross. Another turn and the air turned to a chill. She checked the yarn again, it was quite a small ball now, but they knew they were close to something and moved on.
There was a thick, musty order, and the yarn ran out. With question in their eyes, Ellanora answered, “We move on, “I know we're close, can you smell it?” Amanda nodded. “We’ll just stay straight, no turns."
But it was just a few feet when they entered a round chamber with an old wood door and a huge rusty metal bar locking it from the inside. It was disgusting to touch, frozen with dirt and grime piled up in its corners. But this was no time to stop, they had to see what was on the other side.
There were old cobwebbed rusty tools of a sort lying about, they used them to scrape away the built-up dirt and loosen the bar holding the door shut. They removed the grime, but the door was still frozen tight. The list of needs lengthened and at the top was, more light.
Starting to tire, they called it a night, quickly following the yarn back. Amanda asked, "If we screamed, do you think anyone would hear?” They snorted, and Ellanora answered, “I don't want to find out.”
Back at the entrance, they searched the walls for a place where a candle could be set, there were indeed niches in the wall for torches. "Humm, we'll have a talk with Jessica in the morning.
The next night they lit lamps along the way, but only five as Jessica was afraid of raising suspicion. They made a big difference, illuminating the path before and behind them.
The cool breeze of the tunnel was welcoming, as the palace had been quite warm all day. It took a little time to reach the chamber. Dark clothes and boys’ boots made it easy to kick, shove and push the door open. There was the sound of rocks falling and no wonder it was so hard, a covering of vines had grown over it, hiding the entrance from outside view, like filthy drapes. They used a poker to whack them back and free the door.
Outside at last, they stood speechless in the quiet stillness of the night, while their eyes adjusted to the darkness, only the crickets were singing to a blanket of stars up above. "This is wonderful," Amanda sighed, "I don't think I have ever felt so free, not that I was ever a prisoner." The two discovered they had emerged from the side of a mountain in a slightly wooded area far from the palace and village. Only a few tiny lights could be seen along the countryside.
Ellanora sat a rock to keep the old door from closing. "I know exactly what you mean," and with that, she took off running with Amanda close behind, giggling up and over a grassy sloping mountainside. The quarter moon bounced off the tips of shimmering leaves, giving the view an otherworldly look. They took off their boots, and the green grass tickled their toes.
It wasn't as if they had never been out at night but never alone in such darkness, it was marvelously exciting. There were few words said, just dancing and giggling "I feel like a fairy, I can't get the grin off my face," Ellanora twirled, her toes mingling with the blades of wet grass. At last, laying their cloaks on the ground, they laid back and enjoyed the stars.
When a chill came on, it was time to go. They were weary to the bone. There were no obstacles getting back, the door was easy to spot, the lamps were still lit and once inside Ellanora's room, all was well. That night they slept deeply.
The next few days were the same, only getting better prepared. The round room at the end of the tunnel became the prep and supply area, food to snack, small stools to sit, extra shoes, water to wash their hands and feet, lamp oil, a large mirror and more.
Each night they ventured out farther, what originally seemed too dangerous, soon became just a simple ways away. Careful to keep their distance from anyone, they stayed far from roads or anywhere traveled. As time passed, they became bold and enjoyed a little voyeurism, watching a farmer who started his day in the dead of night, or a campfire would catch their attention, or watch travelers sleeping, lovers stolen away but best of all were nights with a few farm animals. Still, the slightest noise sent them scampering home like frightened rabbits.
This freedom became a time for much bonding between the two young ladies. Ellanora never gave much thought to Amanda, she had a reputation for being in the middle of gossip and scandal, this being her mother's way of keeping her in the mitts of everyone’s ears at court.
Hiona didn’t want Ellanora picking up any of her bad habits, and Ellanora could have cared less, as there was always noise and chaos surrounding her. Even this totally outrageous adventure was typical of something Amanda would get caught doing. But the quiet nights alone gave way to some close bonding, understanding, and discovery as to each other, here confessions were made, secrets were exposed and dreams were fantasized.
One night while lying on her back staring at the stars Amanda asked, "So why are you here? I mean you don't look very happy about it, and often your face looked as if you had been crying.”
There was a pause before Ellanora answered; “There was a young man."
“Oh really,” Amanda sat up, excited to hear more, “so your father sent you away to keep you apart?”
Ellanora gave a soft smile and shook her head no. “I wish, basically my father declared him dead and gave his inheritance away. I protested loud and boldly and drew his anger against me. I was given away to my sister to do as she pleases.”
Hearing the pain in Ellanora's voice, Amanda asked, “Your young man is he really dead or…”
“I fear most likely that is the case, but I have no way of knowing, stuck here days away from Wardee. I don't even know if my father is still alive.” She sat still, her nose grew rosy on the end and her eyes glazed over with unfallen tears. Amanda let it rest.

20.
JAY
Jay took his time slowly crossing the bridge late one night. The moon was high and double its size. Scattered were a few campfires but what caught his eye and made him stop his horse and stare, where the two specters dancing in the midst of the trees to the music of a far-off campsite. He watched until they vanished in the mist.
Jessica had given Ellanora their latest toy, a spyglass. Thrilled, they practically ran the entire tunnel with it. That night new doors of discovery were opened. Gawking, it was exciting watching other's camp at a safe distance in the dark. Venturing further and further out and with no incidents, they were less fearful, feeling more and more secure. Careful to stay far from the traveled roads, they prowled the woody hillsides, like a pair of feral cats. But the slightest sound sent them flying home like frightened birds. Foggy nights were the best, they could see no one, and that meant no one could see them.
One very clear night, they spotted a campfire that appeared to be abandoned. They watched and waited until their curiosity drew them closer to get a better look at the deserted camp. Closer observation convinced them it was indeed left behind. But what a fine fire, a bundle with bread, cheese, and roasted bird, laid out on a flat stone. Without a word they tiptoed in, watchful for any move or sound.
Ellanora whispered. “It's as if they just vanished into thin air, leaving everything behind, even dinner.”
Suddenly a voice announced, "Not really.”
And giving the man standing behind them barely a glance, the two ran shrieking, with hearts pounding. Like they had wings on their feet, they took flight. They were back in the tunnel in a flash. Leaning against the dark wall, Ellanora admitted " I've never been so startled in my life.
Coughing to catch her breath, Amanda lumbered to the tunnel door and peeped out to make sure they weren’t followed. Still a tad alarmed Ellanora breathed, “He's not out there, is he?”
“Nothing’s moving,” Amanda sighed with relief.
Ellanora pulled her back outside, “Quickly, let’s cover the opening.” Amanda nodded in agreement. They pulled the old hanging weeds back over the entrance before closing and latching the door.
With jitters all the way back, they decided not to leave the next night or maybe never again. The what ifs, had sat in… What if he followed us and is waiting for us tonight? What if there had been more of them, what if he had a weapon. They gave the tunnel a rest and got some themselves as all the late night play was beginning to wear them down … just a bit.
But falling back into the old routine reminded them of why they sneaked out in the first place… excitement! It made them feel alive, and it was beckoning and putting distance and time between them and the mysterious stranger that made them curious, who was he?
This time they would watch from afar without venturing in. They took precautionary measures, perhaps fully dressed, black cloaks. But when the night came, the boots were too much, and it was far too late to get dressed, not to say, what if someone should notice the dirt as the nightgowns were much easier to hide.
It took a few nights before venturing further than the tunnel mound, and when they did and to their surprise they came across the stranger, sitting by his campfire seemingly staring at embers pop. Bouncing the spyglass between each other, he seemed never to move,”
Ellanora snickered, “Perhaps I should throw a stone to see if he's real,” Moving in for a better view, they found a nice size boulder and got comfortable hiding behind it. “He still hasn’t moved, maybe he's sleeping or…”
Abruptly he turned with eyes heavy on them, “Hello!” The ladies scuffled to their feet, ready to flee. "No stop,” he cried out in a gentle tone. “Please don't leave, I won’t harm you… please.” They slowed down and examined him swiftly, looked him over for a moment at a safe distance. They glanced at each other with question, then entered. Finally making eye contact, he stood and motioned for them to be seated on a well set log. “Won’t you please join me for dinner?” He looked them over carefully making the ladies a bit uneasy as they sat without saying a word but returning the examining eye.
“Now,” he sat, “why would two lovely little flowers be fluttering around at night during a firestorm?”
“Storm,” Ellanora asked, “where?” She turned to Amanda “I don’t smell it!”
“That Answers my question.” he smarted. He poked at the fire and the birds he had roasting on a stick. The ladies just watched as he reached for a water bag and pulled three nicely carved wooden cups from another. He gestured with the bag, “Have some wine?” They hesitated then nodded yes. He poured and handed it over. He paid close attention to every detail, their hair, skin, nails, shoes, cloak, even the lace at the hem of their gowns, and the leeriness in the way they watched his every move.
“What is your name?” Ellanora asked skeptically.
“You can call me Jay, and what shall I call the lovely flowers? The ladies hesitated not wanting to give him their real names. Catching on, he spoke up looking at Ellanora, “You must be Rose, a deep red and lovely one.” He then turned to Amanda, “And you must be Lilly and not just any lily,” he hummed, eyeing and pulling on his whiskers, “a tall, slender one in the middle of spring, bursting with color.” His voice sounded sincere and alluringly calming.
Expressionless, they stared hard, he felt awkward and gulped his wine. “Well, I certainly am glad you decided to come out and grace my camp with your presents,” he smiled.
Still under their microscope, they found him handsome, tall, well built with a healthy glow about his face. He had thick, shiny brown hair, even his beard was shiny. His eyes look to be a green or light brown, large and clear. And when he smiled, he showed all his beautiful teeth as if he hadn’t a care in the world. His clothes looked clean, mostly leather, like a hunter and he had a mark on his finger where perhaps he wore a ring. His boots were scuffed but well made, and he had an attractive looking horse.
He pulled three pewter plates from his bag. “Will you please join me for dinner?”
The ladies spoke in agreement, “We wouldn’t want to intrude on your dinner of bird.”
“Oh, I never eat this much,” he insisted. “I had a feeling I might have company and prepared extra. Please don’t disappoint me, join me for dinner.” He pulled a hot bird apart, dividing it onto two plates, then unwrapped bread and gave each a share. He handed it over without question, and the ladies took them.
“You were expecting us?” Amanda asked, watching him fix is own plate.
“I’ve been watching you for weeks.”
The ladies gasp. “Oh, don’t be alarmed,” he chuckled. “I don’t think anyone else knows you’re out here. The ladies calmed a bit.
“I’m just a drifter, trying to stay clear of the war. And then I find…” he looked them over. “Fine ladies like yourselves dancing in the night, in their sleeping gowns no less.” His words were soft and probing.
Ellanore’s eyes shifted, “We’re not fine ladies, we’re in the service of a great lady at the palace.
With a serious look, Jay snapped back. “That still doesn’t explain why you are out here dancing around in your nightwear!”
“If you must know,” Amanda added, “The truth is, we work hard all day and this is our only time for a little fun. We aren’t bothering anyone, and no one bothers us!”
“I take it; your lady has no idea you’re out here?” He looked at their well cared for hands, “After all your hard work.” They nodded in agreement. He sprinkled something from a small pouch onto his burnt bird and offered it to the ladies, who still hadn’t taken a drink or nibble. They shook their heads no and waited for him before they took their first bite.
Strangely, they found the meat surprisingly delicious. Puzzling, how could just a crudely charred bird compare to their meals, prepared so carefully, laid out like a work of art.
Jay went about eating, “I still find it odd that you would be out here without an escort of some sort.”
Feeling threatened, Jay was caught off guard when the ladies quickly drew their daggers.
“We are well able to protect ourselves.” Ellanora sounded sternly.
Jay was taken aback; his mouth fell open with food still in it. The ladies gave him a sneer and each other a smirk of confidence.
“Indeed, you can.” He smiled, wondering where the daggers came from. He was impressed with their swift preparedness.
After eating, they focused on him like a full moon, silent and lonely. He fished in the campfire with a stick, trying to find something to say. Though not drawn, they still had their daggers at hand. He leaned back, filled his chest with air, closed his eyes and exhaled. He looked at the ladies whose faces still had not cracked a smile and asked, “I have playing cards. Would you like to play?”
This got their attention, their eyes lit up, and they smiled. Ellanora jumped, “Yes, what do you play?”
“They’re right in my bag.” He pointed with the hot stick. The ladies rifled through the leather satchel, pulling out two card boxes. They opened the first.
“You play weeds?” Ellanora asked
“Yes, and I’m good at it!”
“But I thought it was a lady’s game.”
“I grew up with three sisters, all older than me. I know all your games,” he gave a flirty grin.
She opened the second box in awe. They were the most beautiful deck. Exquisitely painted, even trimmed in gold and the detail, the pictures were so stunning you could almost smell them.
“These are absolutely beautiful,” Amanda’s wide eyes expressed, “but we don’t know this game.”
“You will have to teach us, but remember, we are just poor maids, we can’t gamble or play for coin,” Ellanora warned.
“Well let’s play,” Jay cheered, “I know lots of games, and it won’t cost you a cent! And then it was as if they were all old friends, laughing, creating and enjoying game after game until the fire went dim.
They warned him not to follow and bid him a good night. On the way home, the ladies discussed how they enjoyed the stranger and how he wasn’t exactly what they expected. They found the mysterious Jay quite amusing. This was just the beginning, as they turned up together every night.
Jay noticed that the ladies love to dance to the echoing music of other camps when they could hear it. So, one night when they could only faintly hear a far off thumping, he decided to entertain them.
“Did I tell you I can play the lute?”
“No!” the ladies perked.
“Yes!” he jumped to his feet, ran to his horse and pulled out a leather box. The ladies gave a skeptical smirk as he played a few notes.
“Can either of you sing?” They shook their heads no. He raised an eyebrow and started to play and sing a joyful tune. Jaws dropped astonished.
“Good heavens, where did you learn to play like that?” Ellanora burst as Amanda jumped to her feet and started to dance and clap her hands. Jay just smiled and kept playing, knowing he had struck another cord with them.
Finally, worn out from dancing, Amanda stretched out on the grass, resting her head on her balled up cloak and bestowed heaps of compliments on Jay.
With eyes squinted in deep curiosity, Ellanora asked, “So where did you learn to play and sing so well?”
“I have sisters, all had to learn to sing and play. I couldn’t help but also learn.”
Seeing they had wound down, he changed the tone from joyful and bouncy to calming, and Amanda gazed up at the stars until her eyes closed. Then the music took another turn, softer, offbeat beautiful as if words were being spoken. Do you know that I love you?
Ellanora took notice, it was as clear as if he had said them. Ever so slightly she gazed up to see his eyes ever so softly on Amanda sleeping. And my heart lies tender where you are. It was so beautiful, Ellanora’s heart broke, and she turned away, should he misunderstand.
Amanda had no idea the handsome stranger was in love with her. He never gave the slightest hint. So, on the way home that night Ellanora asked, “What do you think of Jay?”
“I think he’s handsome and fun and talented, but I don’t think your father or sister would allow you to entertain the thought of some encounter with a drifter. And as for myself, I would slowly expire.
“But what if you knew he was in love with you?”
Amanda, a little stunned, “He told you that he was in love with you?
“No silly, he didn’t have to tell me, I could see he was in love with you!”
“What! Amanda stopped mid stride. “But he has never said a word or even tried to touch my hand.”
“I tell you I saw it tonight when you were sleeping. He didn’t know I was watching, but I saw him play the most loving tender, and affectionate music and his eyes were on you the whole time.
Amanda’s jaw dropped, her mind wandered as they continued home.
“My mother wouldn’t hear of it, and I don’t think I could be content wandering in the forest the rest of my life. I wonder where he goes in the winter?”
“Who knows, actually he’s really a befuddling personality. On one hand, he claims to live in the wild, eats wild birds and rabbits on a stick and dresses like a hunter. On the other hand, he acts like a gracious gentleman who plays the mandolin beautifully and has expensive decks of cards.
Ellanora pointed an, I got it finger. “Ha, that’s it, his music, he’s a musician. That explains his traveling, his manners, and expensive cards. They were most likely given to him as gifts. He may have played for Kings; we must ask him one night. I’ll bet he has some wonderful stories.”
“Getting back to sir handsome, I agree, he is wonderful, I just don’t think I could live that way, I mean my life has always been as it is and my mother…” She hesitated, “But you say he’s in love with me?”
“Yes,” Ellanora nodded, “very much so.”
Weeks went by, and there were gazes that lasted too long, and they sat and lay close, and when it looked only friendly, they touched one another. But he never said a word, just watched.
Finally, one night after many wonderful nights of fun and frolic in the dark, Amanda admitted, “Well, maybe I could eat bird on a stick for the rest of my life.”

21.
THE STRANGE WOMAN
Carlton had slept well, and on this cool morning he washed his face and hands in a bucket of cold water, and it felt good. When he pulled the tattered towel from his face, a boy stood before him with a letter.
“Lord Carlton?”
“Yes,” Carlton took the letter as the boy ran off. “Ellanora, hum, mother?” he wondered.
It was an anonymous note, telling him of the betrayal that had befallen his home. It was no longer his and the where bouts of his mother were unknown. He sat dumbstruck, slightly shaken with fear and confusion, searching his mind for the grounds or the reason for such treachery. ‘This must be a mistake.’ He thought, feeling suddenly invisible. Blindsided, he had lost his identity, who the hell was he fighting for? He started to wonder’ who his true enemies were and worst of all where was his mother?
To his knowledge this had happened to no one else, it made no sense and confusion gave way to anger. Concerned for his mother, he dropped everything and without a word, not even to Gengermen, he left straight away. The sheer fear of what he might find fueled him with the strength to ride day and night.
At first sight, everything looked normal as the fields had not been burnt. He picked up speed to the castle gate. On the way, peasants in the field watched him expressionlessly but said nothing. At the gate, he was confronted with two unfamiliar looking guards.
“Who are you and where is Lady Galeridge? I demand to see her now!” he bellowed assertively. “By whose authority do you occupy this, my land and property?” he spat with rage.
An unseen male voice called out from a window, “Let him in.” The gates opened, dashing inside he jumped off his horse and pulled his sword. But it was of no use, he was immediately surrounded by men with weapons drawn. Moments later two well dress noblemen approached. “Who is this?” Carlton was roughly hussled over and dumped on his knees in front of them.
“Who am I?” He jumped to his feet, with weapons holding him back. “I am Carlton, Lord, and Master of this land as far as you can see. And who the hell are you?”
The two men whispered a moment, then one looked him over smugly, and answered. “Young Carlton, your lands have been seized by your king and handed over to the Sawtee; if you have any questions, I suggest you take them up with Wardee. As for now, you are the trespasser. I will forgive you this time but will not tolerate it in the future.”
With his face twisted with hate and rage, he growled, “Where is my mother?”
The men were clearly not fazed by Carlton’s outburst of anger. One spoke up, “How would we know. Take him to the border and see to it he doesn’t return.” The two men turned their backs and walked away completely ignoring him.
Carlton was quickly tied as he fought and yelled obscenities. Once bound tight, they took the opportunity to give him a ruthless beating. A knee to the head and his body went limp and was thrown over his horse. It was led to the border and over a bridge, where it wandered off.
Carlton tasted blood in his mouth, he opened his eyes, but he couldn’t see. Was it night and he just couldn’t make out a thing, he wondered. But it was darker than that. He slowly got to his feet, fumbling about, terrified he might be blind, he felt around for anything to identify where he was. Then a soft and tender voice said, “Carlton, be careful, you are still weak.”
When she reached out to lead him, he grabbed her tightly, and whimpered, “I’m blind, I can’t see a thing. Please tell me, have I lost my eyes,” he didn’t have the courage to feel for them.
“No, no,” she assured him, “Come, lay back down.” she took both his hands and placed them on his eyes. “See you haven’t lost them.” He relaxed a little.
“Then I am blind still. What happened? Who are you, where am I?”
“I will tell you if you promise to rest.” Carlton’s frowning, now shaven face, nodded. “Just call me Nora, you are safe in my home. I found you thrown across your horse, I thought you were dead. That was days ago, your head was bleeding badly, you’re looking much better now.”
“But I can’t see.” He pushed his hands out in front of him.
“But you will. You’re young and strong, it will just take a little time. Now you promised to rest.”
Carlton’s body quaked with pain and his bandaged head hammered, he easily sank into a deep sleep.
Finally awakening; he found himself inhaling the fragrance of a hearty broth. This time upon opening his eyes he could see light. “I can see!” He sat up feeling greatly improved.
“You can see?” the sweet voice asked, joyfully.
“No, not clearly, but I see light.” There was hope in his voice.
“You are recovering quickly, young Carlton. Here, have some of this broth, and it will help you heal faster.”
She put the bowl in his shaky hands, and he sipped from it. Warm and flavorful it was just right, so he gorged the rest and being hungry, he pushed the bowl out for more, and she gave it. “Thank you; do I know you?” He followed her voice and stared at the dark blur.
“I would think not but I know of you, and I knew your mother well.”
“Mother!” Carlton’s voice sounded anxious. “Where is my mother? Please take me to her, is she alright, that’s all I need to know. Where is she, can you just tell me this?”
“I have an idea.” But you can’t get there in your condition. As soon as you can see, I will tell you where.” Carlton breathed a sigh of relief and laid down.
For the next few days, Carlton improved greatly, everything but his sight. Although it was better, it was not clear.
Nora made note of his constant rage toward the king. He roared out plagues upon his life, he promised and swore to kill him. She had had enough, and in a not so sweet voice, she spoke out, “I will not take you to see your mother if the anger does not cease.”
Carlton was quiet for a moment, then tried to reason with her. “You don’t understand what he has taken from me.”
“No, you don’t understand what you’ve gained. I have things to tell you. Secrets few people know but your mother. One of them is the fact that you, no matter what the picture of your life looks like now, your future is greater than that of the king.”
“When I found your body slumped over the horse, I wondered who you were but the coat of arms and the ring on your finger told me, and I knew there was no question as to your survival.”
“I should have known.” Her voice sounded disappointed, “Your blindness was a hint that you were perhaps blind in more than one way. Have you ever noticed how much strength and vigor it takes to hate so intensely? How do you expect to heal if you continuously burn yourself out?” Carlton looked confused.
Nora calmed and once again her voice was beautiful. “I’m Tinnin, I am the sister of Ellareena, your long dead queen. That’s how I know your mother. It’s a long story, but if it hadn’t of been for your parents, I would have starved and died from exposure.”
“Now when you were born, I saw you were special,” he saw her figure get up and fuss around a bit. “Dreams are never clear, but I’ve seen enough over the years to tell you your life has significant purpose. You are the beginning of something great. I saw them writing about you, and every child knew your name.”
Carlton stirred in his seat, his blank eyes blinked, and his mouth fell ajar.
“However,” she continued, “Nothing is written in stone. This dark resentment you’re feeding could change everything, causing you to make wrong choices, you’ll be in the wrong places at the wrong time, with the wrong people and if you take that action, your gilt will add to the darkness you already carry.” She stopped fidgeting and focused on him. “Do you understand young Carlton?” Forget about what the King has done, he’s forcing you on to your destiny. And he’ll pay for his crimes but not by you!”
Carlton tilted his head. “He’s hurt you too, hasn’t he?”
She paused, “Yes but I saw him get what he deserves. Her voice changed to jovial, and she took him by the hands. “Well, I caught a big fat rabbit, and I’m going to cook up something good for supper. He smiled when she came close, as he could barely make out a lovely face.
A few days later his eyesight was good enough to be on his way. Nora told him, she wasn’t sure where his mother was exactly, but she saw one of the king’s man come for her, long before the Sawtee ever arrived. Perhaps she lives at court now. “But I know things, and your mother is in good health. Her heart only aches for you.” Carlton kissed her on the cheek, gave a smile of deep gratitude and rode off.
His heading was the palace, but it wouldn’t be a swift ride, as his eyesight was not quite perfect, but each day it had improved. The next day along the way, he caught the strong scent of Mandolen oil, used in the death fire rights, of only the very wealthy. He followed the scent and came upon the site of his family crypt.
Poor Carlton could see well enough to recognize the colors were of his family and half burned effigies also matched part of his family crest. It was her, his mother and with no one around to see, he cried like a child, then fell asleep against the rock alter.
When he awakened the next morning, he was another man. The tears had washed his eyesight clear. He paid his last respects and upon leaving, noticed another burn site. The weather had damaged it unrecognizable. This he surmised must have been his grandmother.
His eyes were sharp, and his mind was set, as he dashed through the forest toward the palace. Nora had been deceitful, he thought, “She’s lucky I most likely will not survive killing Ryan, or I would come back and destroy her for lying to me.” He kept his anger close to his heart, to fuel the desire and insanity needed to slay the king.

22.
THE TOWTEN VANISHED
It had been only a week; Thane had sent a garrison ahead to prepare the way for their massive exit. Queen Lorella lingered behind in once busy halls now echoing with silence. He found her in the throne room staring at the best view of the small Towten Kingdom, now lifeless. He stood behind her, placed his hands on her shoulders, "I will build you one far more beautiful than this drafty old pile of rock. He turned her around and with a confident smile begged, "Don't let your heart get snared here in our past. I need you to help me build a whole new kingdom.
She smiled softly and looked into his eyes deeply; she placed his hand on her breast. "Dearest my heart is not here nor there; it is always with you, where ever you are.”
The massive caravan followed the trail laid out before them. The king and his small army trotted back and forth making sure things moved along smoothly. One day into the journey, the King took a last glimpse of the once Towten kingdom from on high. Taking in the entire picture, he noticed movement. Using a spyglass, he could see a rider coming up fast. He waited as it could only be a Towten. A few living on the gray Wardee border had decided to stay behind.
It was a young man, as he got closer he yelled hurry, hurry they're coming. When he reached the king, he stressed, the Sawtee had been seen less than two days away. The king looked at his slow moving caravan and knew they would surely be overtaken. He pulled a portion of his army to try and stop or at least slow the enemy at the palace gates, thus giving the caravan more time.
With the palace abandon there was nothing to lose, should it burn to the ground, there would be no loss. So, they went about rigging its stability from top to bottom with collapsing staircases and floors, with traps of fire, water, and hot oil. Lastly, the Towten Bridge was set to collapse when heavy enough. They lit the rooms, so the palace looked occupied, then they waited. Another day passed before the first trap went off, the horrible sound of the bridge collapsing. The enemy was close; everyone took their places, checked their snares and set off into the trees for a final battle.
There were loud cries, as smoke and flame engulfed the palace. The king never thought he would be so pleased to see it fall. By night the king sent two scouts to spy on the enemy and find out how they fared. The Sawtee had been defeated: most killed in the palace burned to death or buried alive. The scouts counted less the twenty fleeing the burning carnage.
Queen Lorella kept a constant vigilant for her husband though the journey so far had been easy. But after the third day, the caravan stopped. She stepped off her wagon wondering, had he returned? No, the problem was up ahead; an ice bridge had lost some of its support. The caravan had stopped to consider its stability. It was decided safe if carts and wagons crossed one by one and they did until almost all had passed, then a crack developed and people passed one by one until only a few animals were left. By this time, it was doubtful all the animals would make it, but even the last cow pulling a cart, made it safely. Then as the caravan continued its journey along the icy path, an enormous crash rumbled the ground. It was the rest of the bridge collapsing. What route would the king take now?
The ice bridge had slowed them down, but not slow enough for the king to catch up, and now the bridge was lost. The queen sent scouts to find another path and guide the king in, but they returned time and again unsuccessful.
With the bridge gone, the queen imagined she may never see her husband again, and the wait began to weigh heavy on her heart.
The king had left Lord Bazz in charge, and he consoled the queen. Having intensely grilled the men who had taken this journey before, and knowledge of the king’s surprise attack awaiting the Sawtee, Bazz felt quite certain his king would fare well. He spent ample time dampening the queens conjured up disasters. With all due respect; he would laugh at her concerns belching logical reasons why they made no sense.
During the night, the ground rumbled with an occasional avalanche. How could anyone sleep? In the day, they made their way through what seemed to be an endless snowstorm. The wagons were too heavy and hit ice potholes and had to be dug and dragged out, causing delays and still, there was no word of the king.
Scouts ran the days seeking ways down the mountains, but there was nothing, until one day a rocky and shallow water bed was discovered. It was wide enough for wagons to zigzag their way down and out of the mountains. With much joy, they reported and urged the caravan; to make haste, as the weather had a way of changing quickly.
Finally, early one morning, still high in the mountains they came to an opening, and a beautiful new world revealed itself below. Even the sick came out of the wagons to take a look, and all were rejuvenated. This was a moment the queen hated not sharing with her king.
By nightfall, they had reached the edge of the forest, and the next morning they drank sweet water from the rivers. Lord Bazz, himself starting to question the Kings lengthily absents, urged the queen to give the new land a blessing but she was too distraught, having still not received word from her husband. But after a few days, he convinced her that her people needed it. It was as if they couldn't move. She consented that if the King didn't return within three days, she would go forward without him.
The next day she found a quiet spot and sat for an hour and then summoned all her children, and there were five, ranging from the age of three to sixteen. There was a great delay; it was taking an unreasonably long time for them to arrive. Then she could see movement and hear laughter which was a comfort to her in contrasts to the very sad news she had waiting to give them. They slipped into the secluded tree surrounded area; one by one they found a stump or a rock or just sat on the ground and waited with smiling faces that were a shame to smear.
She stood and accounted for them all with her eyes and noticed her youngest, was not present. "Where’s my babe” she cried. From behind her came a small voice.” I’m right here mother.” She turned to find him in the arms of his father who had circled around to surprise her.
That day was filled with tears of great gratitude and stories of victory, how they defeated a mighty army with so few men. Then there were the stories of their journey through the relentless and treacherous icy mountain pass, that had given away and left no way down. And so, these stories were recorded.
Then on the third day as promised, the king claimed the land and asked God to bless it. There was a huge celebration, and the tables were covered with new found foods, and even fresh wine from a berry found there. It was the first feast of the new land, and it was called just that from then on… First Feast.
The next morning the King took his Queen up a steep hillside with a bag of wine, cheese, and freshly baked bread. He found a comfortable spot to rest and they dismounted. From here you could get a breathtaking view of the enormous valley below. “There,” he pointed. “That black mountain afar.” You couldn’t miss its majestic mass casting an enormous shadow beneath it. “I will build you a magnificent palace from its rock, and we well live and rule here, isolated, in peace.

23.
THE GIFT BACKFIRES
It was dinner, and they had a guest, a distinguished merchant, Tibbler. Hannah had recently married a prince and was visiting her family. But the secret was still safe, well kept under the new name Wimsiyle.
Everyone knew the Wimsiyle's as one of the wealthiest families, and they were well respected. In accordance with their new lives, the table was set most lovely, and the servants brought lavish platters of delectables. Most of the conversation gathered around Hannah's life as part of the royal family. Then Tibbler brought up some of his recent travels, about how he made a lot of money on a long trip he had taken. He was giving Aden a tip on filling his pockets with more silver if he wanted it.
Other than to put on a show so no one would get suspicious, Aden could care less about making a big sale. Nowadays, he called himself retired, relaxed, made love to his wife and waited for grandchildren to come. But the words Wardee, and Hummy border war, stumped his brain and the rest of the table as well. If Tibbler hadn't been so busy bragging about the money he made, he might have noticed.
Acting as if Tibbler's quick money tip had caught their interest, Aden and David asked questions till late in the night, and even the ladies stayed to hear what he had to say. His story was grim, but the family had to grin and bear hearing him hoot about what a ruin the border was. They joined in the laughter, but all along their hearts were breaking.
Later after Tibbler had gone, they sat at the table mulling over some of the things that he said, whether they could even believe it was all true. Keeping in mind the servants had ears, Aden whispered, "This is why we kept it so hush, hush, we knew this would happen."
"How horrible, can you imagine,” Olive whispered sadly.
Hanna added, “What do you think? Someone else found gold also? Fools, they must have bragged, and now the land has come to ruin.
Aden looked at the guilty faces of Jared and Piper, and miss read the shock and worry, as concern for his cousin. "I’m so sorry Jared, for your cousin and his wife. Perhaps they were lucky enough to escape. But now," He addressed the whole table, "You see how important is to keep our mouths shut, you must wipe your minds clean of our past, it could mean our very lives.
Piper and Jerad’s bed was lit by the light of the moon shining through an open window. They couldn't sleep, "What if it was the chunk I sent? Jerad whispered. What if your father checks and finds the chunk missing? If we could lose our lives, what do you think happened to them?
Piper caressed the pale outline of his face, "You did nothing wrong my sweetest, all you did was show your love, I'm sure they're fine, now let’s sleep Lord Wimsiyle. She kissed him on his forehead.


PART 3

24.
DUNGEONED
Max burst into Gram’s office, “Word came that Carlton was seen in Galeridge forest and he may be on his way here.
Gram threw his head back, closed his eyes for a moment and sighed, “When he arrives, have him thrown in the deepest, darkest part of the dungeon… immediately.” Max stood puzzled for a second, then nodded.

25.
HUMMY FALLS
The hall was full of children, the king’s children. He had seven wives, and they each tried to outdo one another with heirs…. for with the failing, she could lose them all in one sweep. Needless to say, the Hummy palace was a noisy, busy place.
King Ellmock was huge in size and was nicknamed the Rotund, it sounded powerful, so he took the name with pride. The dining hall was the largest ever, and for good reason, the Hummy were famous for their preparation of food. Their cooks were renown, famous, highly valued and treasured. They each had a team and often sent them far to find something different, exotic and appealing to the tongue and eye.
For the Rotund’s birthday celebration or the adding of a new wife or the birth of a new child, there would be no expense spared. To be invited to such an occasion was an experience of a lifetime and never forgotten.
In the past few months, Rotund had barely given the border wars a thought. There was always some kind of skirmish going on along most Hummy borders, but one night during dinner, guards rushed in to alert the king that two towns deep in Hum had been overrun by Wardeen soldiers, Rotund took notice.
A sad looking band of refugees told of murder, the burning of fields and villages. Rotund was outraged, and he pulled his generals together, and the war was at last taken seriously, the incident had inflamed Rotund’s anger. He went for his armor, and it was way too small, and in all his kingdom there wasn't one that would fit. During his rampage, his face turned red, and he had a hard time breathing. The palace physicians persuaded him to rest before taking on such a task, like leading his men into battle as he had once done many years ago. He laid his dizzy head down.
The next morning the physicians reported that his condition was grave, he had not opened his eyes and his breathing was erratic. Could this be the end of Hummy?
The Rotund had left no hint as to who was to be his successor and his wives began to fight with one another as to who was to wear the crown should the king die.
The generals and men of armor had gone to defend the border, now battling on two fronts, Wardee and Sawtee. Without their stability, there was chaos and disorder. It had been two weeks when the Wardee stormed the palace, and the Hummy put up their last fight and lost. Ryan’s men had their moment and killed The Rotund on his deathbed.
With only hysterical women and children running awry in the palace, Lord Flankin left a small group of guards to hold his claim, and he moved on to other hot spots, and to pass the word, that The Rotund was dead. But no sooner had he gone, the Sawtee arrived and did their best to slaughter them all, the entire Hummy Palace, then set it ablaze. This enraged Flankin as it was an act of senseless, savage violence, uncalled for, cowardly and would insight resentment in the Hummy for generations.
In the mitts of terrified Hummy fleeing the torched palace, was a whimpering five-year-old. A prince, hardly noticed in the chaos of the moment, lost in the hordes of other tired and hungry children fleeing into the night.
When Captain Crane and his men got word that the palace had fallen, he raced back and with the fever of hate in their hearts, his men fought deadly against any opposing army. At his arrival, the unforeseeable horror was undeniable. It seemed Hummy was lost, not even a descendant to the throne, not even a royal in sight, no ruffled collars to even ask what had happened? Villages were burning, the people were scattering in every direction.
Crane sat up camp and gathered his men and thoughts. Deep in the dense Hummy forest, well known to them, they would have a better chance of defending themselves. To their surprise, slowly the Hummy were somehow drawn to this camp, like patches of mist in the forest, they gathered until it was overwhelmingly obvious, Hummy was not lost. And in the mists of it, family found family and Flankin found his wife and she had found the five-year-old, now king, of what was left of the once lavish Hummy kingdom.
Lost mentally, physically and spiritually, the expressionless faces stared into nothingness, recalling the wonders of a life now gone. But every now and then was the overwhelming joy of finding a loved one or just hearing someone crying out a blessing to more survivors, was something for their hearts to hold on too. Meanwhile more Hummy soldiers arrived from scattered fronts and lost battles, to report the status of the war.
All looked to Flankin for guidance. There was no word as to what was next, but Crane's soldiers gave a sense of safety and hope. ‘We have a king, we have an army, and this is our land, and we'll have it back.’ Flankin thought, as he watched the little king eat a few wild berries with a dirty face and hands. “These people look up to me, they are depending on me. I need a strategy,” he spoke out loud to his wife as he paced the floor of his tent.
That day Crane and every able-bodied man swore on his life to restore Hummy and plans were drawn, and maps were laid out. An invisible and deadly border was set.

26.
JAY DISAPPEARS
Comfortable together now, Jay and Ellanora lay on the ground listening to Amanda ramble on about the pup she had as a small child. Jay abruptly interrupted her, "Do you feel that? His face changed to one they had never seen, it was fretful. He jumped to his feet kicking out the fire. His alarm became apparent when seconds later they could see men on horseback carrying torches. “Get your things quickly.” His voice had such urgency the ladies jumped to their feet, gathered their wraps and ran to him in the sudden darkness.
Standing behind a tree, as the emerging riders came closer, the flickering light from the torches bounced off Jay's face and exposed a seriousness that frightened his flowers. He pushed them, grabbing Amanda with one hand, pressed her fast between the tree and himself, and held Ellanora tight at his side with the other. They waited anxiously for the raiders to pass. Voices could be heard, "It was over here, I'm sure, I saw a campfire." The riders dipped in and out between trees as the three barely took a breath, afraid their heart beat would give them away.
Jay kept his eyes fastened on the riders, but Amanda pinned against him was unable to see anything. She had never been so close to a man, and she took the moment to explore the spell. She could feel his chest rise against her, his hearts quick beat, the scent of his body, the length of his eyelashes, the shape of his lips, the hair growing on his face. The way his eyes darted in the flickering fire, reminded her this was not the time, his mind was elsewhere.
Then it was dark and quiet, they were gone. He released them, and Ellanora asked, was that the king’s men? Jay's expression was hard to see in the dark, but it was in his voice. And before the poor flowers could exhale from their frightening close call, Jay grabbed Amanda by the shoulders "Get out of this forest now!” he scolded them violently. Turning to Ellanora, he barked on "And you of all persons should know better. Get out of here and don't come back, I mean it!” Releasing Amanda, she stumbled back in shock, her mouth ajar, she covered it and ran off with Ellanora close behind.
Finally slowing down near the tunnel, Ellanora caught up and found her sobbing and angry. I hate him, what a crude brute of a cad. How could he be so mean, he's a monster" she rambled, Ellanora could hardly keep up, but found herself perplexed, she knew he loved her, so why would he handle her so cruelly. It was as if he were beset by a vicious demon. It was all downright terrifying.
It was late; both still disturbed and tired after too much of the wrong kind of excitement, it was so welcoming to see one’s own bed.
The next morning the girls were noticeably quiet. Alone on the patio, they took the chance to vent the emotion that had vexed them all night. “I'm still shaking inside,” Amanda whispered as she curled up on a bench. Her slippers had golden flowers sown in them that dazzled in her eyes. “What happened to him? He turned into some kind of madman.” She picked at the flower until it started to fall apart.
Ellanora looked deep in thought. “I wonder who those men were?" she picked a flower and started to pull off its peddles. “Clearly, he was distraught, maybe he really is a highwayman. If we had been captured with him, we would have been hung before my sister knew we were missing. Perhaps he was protecting us.”
“Maybe it was a band of raiders, other highwaymen, renegade soldier, who knows but they frightened us and him too. Yet your sister is still kept in the dark about everything.” Amanda added.
Rosalinda decided to join them, having noticed the sudden change in mood. “I know it’s hard being cooped up like a bunch of chickens but I promise it will get better. We have heard reports that Prince Zale and our father have joined forces. So the war should end soon.”
Maybe she didn’t know it, but the look on her face was neither comforting or convincing as it was easy to see she didn’t believe her own words, and worst she just had no idea what their real issues were.
Days passed, and the girls had gotten used to staying in bed all night, even to the point of trying to figure out a way to let the rest of the ladies in on their little secret, without confessing their own night excursions. Their melancholy ways made the other ladies feel a little sad for them.
But to no surprise, curiosity overwhelmed common sense and reason. They had so many unanswered questions.
Amanda's heart was healed to some extent and left her concerned for her first love, the question as to who he was and what made him act the way he did. Finally, one night she announced to Ellanora, "I'm going out again! You don't have to come, I will understand. But he has wounded my heart, and I must confront him.” Her eyes started to tear, but her face was full of anger. Ellanora tried to soothe her wanting no one else to see, there would be questions to answer, so she closed the door.
You can't go, you have no idea what's going on out there. Besides, Jessica said they’ve seen no such person. So, he may have gone weeks ago. I wouldn’t want you to be out there without him. Jessica said there were spies about. What if he is one and you get caught with him? No, you can't go, I forbid it.”
Amanda turned her back, “I must.”
“Well, I won't be going with you!” Ellanora slapped. But late that night when Amanda came to her door, she was dressed ready to go and never said another word about it. They were anxious at first but upon stepping outside it was again wonderful.
Staying close to the tunnel, they used a spyglass to search for Jay but for nights saw nothing. Here and there, even the dancers were back, with their wonderful music but no Jay. Eventually, they gave up the search but not their nightlife. Slowly they ventured out farther and farther, staying safely away from all. But there were animal friends to visit, dancers to watch swirl and lovers to spy and giggle at.
One perfect night started out like all others. The ground was still warm from the day’s sun, and the moon was full without a cloud or patch of fog lurking in any corner. The dancers’ skirts were brighter than ever and the music loud and lovely. The surrounding camps made the valley look like a night festival. Blossoms put perfume in the air, and Amanda removed her shoes to dance in the grass. Aah, this is what night excursions were all about.
Then a sudden scream startled them still, alarmed they watched from behind a tree, something was happening, there were more screams, smoke and fire and the sound of swords clashing. It was so frightening that they couldn't take their eyes off it until a flash of light from behind abruptly caught their attention. Turning they could see light flickering between the trees, just like before, only the length of the torch lights was much broader, there was no time to even glance back.
Horrific thoughts ran through their minds, adding flight to their feet. Hearts pounded as cutting the night air chilled their faces. Even after clearing what seemed to be a safe distance, fear kept Ellanora moving, don't stop, don’t stop even to glance back, not even for a second. And she didn't stop until she reached the tunnel, “Good heavens,” she doubled over coughing, trying to catch her breath. Stumbling into a tree, she turned to find Amanda was nowhere in sight.
Fear struck like a bolt of lightning, dashing back where she could get a good view in the still darkness, she waited, even chancing to call out, but nothing.
Pacing back and forth there was no denying the fact that Amanda had not returned. The situation was terrifying; the horror of what may be happening to her at that very moment was devastating and caused pain in her chest, nausea and uncontrollable weeping. Though rarely spoken of in her company, the stories of how women were treated when captured, made her wonder if she would be better off dead. Over and over she replayed the night wondering where she had lost her. She prayed to turn and see her or hear her voice. If only she thought, we should have never been out, Jay was right. How she wished he had been there.

27.
HIDDEN GEMS
With all the turmoil and disorder in the palace, it was two weeks before Gram was told of Carlton’s arrest. And as Gram had ordered Carlton was deep in the dungeon. It was only the second time Gram had ever ventured into the place, and he never dreamt it had such depth. He made a jailer wait as he felt lost and disoriented himself.
Carlton sat on the ground in the corner of his cell. The torch gave just enough light to see what such a place could do to a strong, young healthy, beautiful human being in such a short time. It was bittersweet, on one hand, the king was long gone, and Carlton was in no condition to get himself killed trying to go after him.
Gram just stood stunned, looking at the ravaged young man, reduced to a pile of filthy rags but he was alive. Carlton looked up and cried out, “Who’s there,” his eyes unaccustomed to the torchlight. “Let me out of here please, can you just tell Lord Gram or the princess Ellanora, that I’m here, Please.” He crawled up, reaching toward the light. It tugged on Gram’s heart, as not even the war could have been this hard of a taskmaster, but he was alive, he reminded himself.
“Carlton, it is I…, Gram.”
It took a few seconds, “Gram?” he cried, scuffling to his feet. The gross mass that reeked of filth, reached out begging and weeping, “Gram, please, please get me out. That vicious, murdering, thieving Ryan had me thrown in here. I’m going to kill him.” His voice told Gram, even in such a state, he was still full of rage.
“It wasn’t Ryan who put you here, Carlton. I put you here” Gram confessed,
The dark mass stumbled back and said nothing. Gram couldn’t see his expression. Moments of silence went by with each not knowing what exactly to say. Then Carlton in a whisper of a voice asked, “Why?” And Gram answered sorrowfully, “To save your life son, to save your life.”
The thing about bright minds, there was a long sigh in the dark and Gram could hear Carlton choking back the tears. “Here,” he reached out, “Come, it’s all over now. There was no response. “Come, let’s clean you up and I’ll take you to see your mother.”
“Mother, my mother, my mother, she is still alive?” It was as if the sunlight had somehow penetrated the wall of the dark hole. Gram finally had the courage to look in Carlton’s tortured face, smeared from dirt and tears. “Is she here? Please, take me to her.”
“She’s not here; she desperately awaits you in a safer place. Come,” Gram reached out again, and the two men slowly climbed the flights out to the blessing of sunlight and fresh air.
A bath, clean clothing, and a hot, hearty meal restored Carlton, at least in appearance. But he was too quiet, he only asked one thing, “Where’s my mother? When can we go, I need to see her?” Gram understood, there was now a certain degree of distrust.
Gram packed quickly and released Max to himself. With word that the allied scouts, the Sawtee had been spotted not too far, the palace should be more at rest; calmer, but it was just the opposite. Chaos filled the halls as coaches and wagons fled the palace gates constantly. Something was amiss; this was the wrong place to be.
Once Gram and Carlton had passed most of the madness, Gram tired of the silence. He rambled on and on about Carlton’s father. They had known each other since they were young men. He described a life raw with opportunities, where Kings died, and new ones took their place quite regularly. A time when change came so quickly, one barely had a chance to decide whether he liked the present king before a new one took his crown. With a little luck and being in the right place at the right time, it could be very advantageous for a young man.
It was all interesting, but Carlton didn't make the connection Gram was trying to make. Instead, he felt lost, "I had it all planned, I knew where I was going and who I was. I put forth the effort to keep my father's good name. I was all but betrothed to Ellanora, and now, now I'm nobody, no title, no inheritance, no claim. What do I have to offer?”
Gram interrupted Carlton’s private thoughts, “You should know Ellanora fought boldly for you. That's why her father sent her away.”
Carlton's mouth fell ajar with a gasp, “What, sent away, how so?”
“She protested the obvious wrong being done, but she timed it badly. He scolded her harshly as I have never seen and banished her under Rosalinda's foot. He regretted it later and plans to bring her home after this mess is over. As it stands it's a good thing she's gone, and out of harm’s way in Codland, the war hasn't spread that far, and I don't think it will.”
“So, when the war ends,” Carlton asked, “she will return?” Then the look of loathing and self-pity covered his face, “What do I care, I'm no longer Lord Carlton, I'm dead.”
Irritated by Carlton’s disheartened attitude, Gram pulled his horse to cut him off in the middle of the road. "Haven’t you heard a word I've said? Grow up, pull yourself together, do you want to face your mother like a sniveling little boy? The kingdom as you know has fallen apart, there are no guarantees. I've run it through my head over and over, I can't tell you what your future holds, or mine.”
Calming down a bit, he put his hand on the overwhelmed young man's shoulder, "I'm trying to tell you to forget the past, there is a world of possibilities, reach for the crown and hope for the best. You have no idea who you'll be when this is all over, none of us do, it's all up in the air.” With a slight smile, he added, “And you’re young like your father, and I were once.”
Carlton dropped his eyes and tightened his jaw. Gram trotted a little way ahead and cried out, "Come young Carlton, we will start with what we know, we are grateful to have your mother with us.
And indeed, his heart burst with love at the sight of her. Gram's ancestral home still stood near the Codland border, a castle, looking like a ruin from afar but once upon it, one could see it was anything but. Moss and blooming vines grew in and about the outer of the ruin but inside sat a large lovely cottage, warm and roomy.
After a few weeks of comfort and self-examination, Carlton became restless. Doing nothing during the war left him feeling cut off, left out. He couldn't fight for Ryan but how fared Wardee and what of Ellanora? Did she think of him at all, did everyone think he was dead? What of Gengermen? There was no word on the war this far out, safe and sound, there was no news.
One evening after retiring to bed, Carlton could hear Gram and his mother arguing, about what he couldn't make out, only that he heard his name and that meant that it was most likely about him.
The next morning long before the call for breakfast, Carlton sat under a tree looking over the peaceful beauty that surrounded him. There were few servants, and few living in the area as the terrain was mostly rocky with tall grass and some trees, perfect for sheep and Gram had a huge flock.
Relaxed he couldn’t help noticing how much the place reminded him of Gengermen’s home’ quiet, isolated and naturally beautiful. His heart warmed over with gratitude to Gram for bringing his mother there. Still, the outer world itched at him like a mosquito bite. Gingermen didn’t know my intentions when I left, he thought. He must think I'm a traitor or hanged, but for all I know, he could be dead. Maybe that was the problem with this wonderful haven, it was too isolated, and he couldn't sit still any longer.
At breakfast, the table was quieter than usual. Carlton knew they had something on their minds and had a feeling they were all thinking the same thing.
Gram pushed his empty plate back, wiped his mouth, threw the cloth down, and leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms. He tilted his head and with a sigh looked at Carlton. “Carl, I've noticed you seem to be very restless lately. I should warn and remind you, you are considered a deserter and will be executed if captured. Here you are less than a mile from the Codland border and could make a run for it if you had to. I know it's not your home, but it can be. You must admit there is a certain serenity about the place, tiz why I kept it."
He relaxed a bit and leaned his crossed arms on the table. Malinda reached her hand out, touched him and beamed. "It is most beautiful." Her smile was enough to make Carlton blush and glance away.
“The tale as I was told as a young lad,” Gram continued, “generations ago, a kind king built it, and after he died, it belonged to his daughter, Queen of Roses that’s why the ruins are covered with rose vines.
Gram leaned toward Carlton who had is complete attention, "I'm offering you a new start, and in a few years, I may be able to intercede for you with the king and get the desertion sentence lifted.”
Carlton started to express his gratitude, but his eyes shifted away as his heart was somewhere else. "Your offer is most generous. I'm sure my mother and I would both agree we owe you a great deal, a debt of gratitude I hope one day to repay."
Gram covered Malinda’s hand and smiled endearingly, “Your debt has long been paid, your presence is more than enough.” The two men eyed one another with understanding for a moment before Carlton continued.
"But first I must find Ellanora, for I too believe in her dreams. But I also have a dream, and I would love to bring her back with me, if she'll have me.”
“If she'll have you?" Carlton’s mother exploded. “She should be so fortunate.”
"Mother, I would be inviting her into the life of a fugitive, her, a Wardeen princess, but I would try my best to make it a fruitful and happy one.”
There was silence as they both eyed him hard until Gram asked, “When do you plan to leave?”
“Soon” Carlton answered solemnly.

28.
THEY FLEE
A few weeks’ later three Wardee soldiers came demanding food. Carlton had to hide and came to realize this was no life for him.
When the soldiers left, Gram sat Carlton down and asked, "Where do you plan to run? Carlton's eyes wandered, he shook his head.
“Codland, I guess, I’m not sure where Ellanora is.”
Two weeks later they all hid when twenty Hummy raiders appeared and stole most of Gram's herd. He was quite disturbed and had to admit his haven wasn’t as safe as he thought. Carlton was now hesitant to leave his mother.
A week later came another raid, the Wardee again and this time they were bolder, they were out of control, ransacking, stealing, pillaging and when one gave Malinda the wrong look and grabbed her, Gram had had enough. Carlton was well hidden in a crawl space, heard a fight and his mother scream, he emerged with sword in hand, and with all his pent-up rage he lashed out killing two, and the other three ran off with only a few of the stolen goods they had gathered.
Gram knew it wouldn’t be long before they would return. The next morning at breakfast it was quiet while Gram simmered in his anger until announcing "We must leave and I have given it much thought." He had their complete attention, "there is a place my father told me about. Though I never knew her, my mother was a Towten woman, and her dowry was land green and lush as far as your eye could see. What my grandfather didn’t tell him was that the land was through the forest and on the other side of the swamplands.”
Carlton and his mother looked confused. "Yes, yes," he continued, "I know it sounds erroneous, but such a place actually exists, what or who lives there, I don’t know but hopefully not war raiders.”
Carlton and Malinda leaned back with a harmonizing sigh. “I heard this story from my husband,” Malinda’s eyes wandered, "a fantasy he must have gotten from you.”
"Ha, but it's no fantasy.”
"Where are your father's people now?” Carlton asked, “The Towten live in the cold mountains.”
“No, her people were a remnant from the old Towten territories, before the Tinnin came.”
“The forest dwellers?” Carlton’s brow wrinkled.
“Yes, that's them. That is what they’re called now.”
“But I've heard they are treacherous,” Carlton protested. “If we cross onto their lands they'll kill us as soon as we lay foot.”
“No, I have this.” Gram pulled a leather laced lion head medallion from his shirt. “They will know I'm from an old family.”
Carlton took and inspected it, “What a strange looking beast, its old world; I’ve never seen anything like it.”
“It's Tow,” Gram explained, “and they should recognize it. Maybe we can pay one of the forests Tow to guide us to the other side of the swamplands.”
Carlton and his mother glanced at each other and then landed on Gram but just before they were about to say no, the dogs barked, and there was the sound of a horse trotting up the path. Gram peeked out the window, "It's a Wardee raider, just one, I'll handle this," Gram stressed forcefully.
Carlton and Malinda went into the back room with weapons ready. They peeked through a crack to see and hear everything.
Before the Wardee could touch the door, Gram opened it. "What do you want? he asked coarsely.
“Gram it's me, Gengremen" Looking a little worn and shabby, Gram took a moment to acknowledge him, while Gengermen stood with his arms open, holding Carlton’s hat.
“Yes, it is you, Gengermen, lad, come in,” Gram responded with a sigh of relief. Hearing Gengermen’s name and recognizing his voice, Carlton and his mother emerged from hiding and greeted him joyfully.
“How did you know we were here?” Carlton asked. Gengermen knocked the dust off Carlton’s hat. "A couple of ruffians returned to camp, and one had your hat. After questioning as to where they had been, I stole it back, and here I am.”
“Well you are a welcome sight indeed,” added Gram. “So tell us, how goes the war?”
They all sat around the table leaning in on Gengermen, listening intensely. Genger gave a sad sigh and shook his head, "The war, Ryan was a fool to trust the Tinnin. The Sawtee never arrived to fight at any of our battles.” He eyed them all. "Rumor has it; the King was badly wounded and will not survive. That was weeks ago, he’s probably dead already.
It’s madness, there’s no leadership; men have turned into gangs of renegades after an attack where the Sawtee fought both Hummy and Wardee. There are stories of overkill and fields black with buzzards as they are afraid to clear, for fear of being killed removing the dead.”
"Serves them right," Carlton blasted at the table, “The King is dead, do you know this for certain and what of the Tinnin, is Prince Zale dead?”
“No, but he has surely abandoned us. He could care less, he is only here to assure the Tinnin tribute, and if gold is found, they want it. He is said to be leaving for his homeland soon. All the more reason to believe Wardee is truly lost.”
“Return home, when?” Carlton held his breath, jumping to his feet.
“He's on his way to Codland.” Gengermen looked up at Carlton a little confused. “Carlton, what happened to you? Why are you all here?”
Carlton looked toward the window, never hearing Gengermen’s question. "Then I must leave and straight away. I have to speak to her." He ran his hands through his hair a few times showing his anxiety and started to pace the floor as the others watched in silence until Gengermen spoke up.
"Honestly Carlton I'm just glad to see you're still alive… after you just disappeared that day. Actually,” turning to Gram and Malinda, “I'm glad to see all of you in good health, especially after pulling this hat from that thief.” Carlton said nothing.
"Well you can't go alone, I'll go with you. I've missed you old friend. And this sounds like the kind of excitement we would sport in the old days.”
“Wait, wait,” Gram interrupted, “We have plans. None of us can stay here,” he turned to Gengermen, "We're going to the Inland, on the other side of the swamplands.”
“What!" Gengermen gasp and sat back with eyes wide, “Dragon land?”
Gram took a deep breath, "No, have you ever seen a dragon?” Gengermen, shook his head no. “That’s because there's no such thing.”
Gengermen’s eyes darted, “But the red sky has been seen by many, giving off a bad odor when they blow their fiery bad breath into the air. Everyone knows it's a dragon lair, where they lay their eggs, and when they stomp around, the ground shakes.”
“No, no” Gram chuckled, “I know the stories you've been told but my father's in-laws lived there, and I assure you there are no dragons. Heaven knows they would have rather told dragon tales. It's true the sky was often red at night with smoke and the stench of rotten eggs. And the ground, it shakes from time to time, but that was on the other side of the mountains. There’s a smoldering pit called the devil's gate, mind you, no one has ever seen the devil either. Sometimes he would spew out hot spit and other times galleries of water would shoot high into the sky.” They sat listening spellbound.
“Trust me,” he continued, “all my life I have dreamed of such a place, and now is the time to find out, my father told me it was lush with nature, and they explored a year and never saw a soul. When they returned, they were unable to convince anyone to go back and claim it.” He chuckled alone, “They were like you, afraid of dragons.” With a big smile, he slammed his fist on the table, “Well I say we go find out, who knows by now there may be settlements.”
“And just who's going to guide us?” Gengemen asked with a puckered brow, “To get to the swamp, you have to go through the forest and the deeper you go, the denser it gets and the better your chances of finding the tree dwellers. You know, the ones that kill people, skin them, cut off their heads and decorate them, hang them on trees but they won’t eat you, they use the meat to trap other animals for food, bait, sometimes live bait!”
Malinda and Carlton's eyes were like saucers. Gram ran his hand over his face in frustration. “Honestly” Gengermen added, “I've seen one of the heads, it had been dipped in gold and had gems encrusted on the face, it was worth a fortune.”
Gram finally interrupted, “Are you trying to imply that I come from a lineage of savages?”
‘Why no, “Gengermen caught himself.”
Malinda stood up, placed her hands-on Grams shoulders and announced tenderly, "I am with you, my dear Gram.” He glanced back, locked eyes and patted her hand.
There was silence as Carlton and Gengermen were in deep thought. “I'll go,” Carlton added, “but first I must see Ellanora. I'll leave today as I haven’t a moment to waste.”
Gengermen stood up, "I am with you. You may need an extra sword.”
Gram pulled out an old book and dusted it off. “A lot has changed, he opened the book, flipping pages he stopped at a map. But the terrain is still the same. We will meet you here at the bottom of Sheer Sleek Mountain in five days.”
Just as fast as it was settled Carlton grabbed his gear and said his goodbyes. At the door, Gram pointed in the direction of Sheer Mountain, “If we do not show, don't wait.” He placed the lion head medallion around Carlton’s neck. “Show this to the Towten forest dwellers and give them my name, as you are my son, returning for my inheritance in the land beyond the swamp.”
“God bless and keep you.” His mother hugged him tightly and kissed his patchy bearded face. They mounted their horses, Carlton stared at them a moment too long, and Gram gave him a reassuring nod and the two men made off.
Gram and Malinda gathered what riches they had stashed and packed their horses. Gram gave his servants to themselves and took a lasting look at Rose Castle, taking Malinda’s hand he sighed loudly, “I’m sorry, I truly believed this was a safe place.
Malinda held his hand tightly. “Dear one, I have never felt as safe as I do right now, here by your side.”
By sundown, they had reached a lovely inn at the Codland border, and although a bit crowded, they were given a nice room. Word was the war had ended; Hummy, Towten, and Wardee no longer existed. The overall mood was most joyous, so Gram and Malinda felt the time was right to do something long overdue. And after all, Malinda still had the ring. Two days later, surrounded by newly made friends, Cods, and refugees from Wardee, Towten, and Hummy, Gram took the ring from Malinda’s right hand and placed it on her left and sealed it with a kiss for forever and ever.

29.
DARKEST NIGHT
The sky was just turning a lighter shade of blue when Ellanora woke up lying against the tunnel door and still there was no Amanda. The horrible truth glared her in the face. There were no excuses only confessions. Rosalinda would be fuming, and it would be weeks if she ever decided to speak to her again, let alone forgiving her for this embarrassment. God forbid anything worst then an arrest of some sort had happened. She slowly made her way back to her room, rehearsing her explanation to her sister, she envisioned finding Amanda tucked in a corner of the center room verbally beaten half to death, she could only hope.
Upon arriving she found her room dim with one small candle as they had left it, but her door was wide open. There was some commotion in the center room. Candles rushed back and forth, and sobbing could be heard. A sharp pain came from the huge lump that grew in her throat. It could not have been for her as no one was waiting in her room, she thought. She wanted to run from this moment, but her feet just kept moving slowly into the center room.
It was cold; her sister sat surrounded by her waiting ladies, all crying. Ellanora stood silently watching in the darkness of early morning shadows when suddenly Rosalinda looked up from her weeping. Surprised she cried out, “Ellanora!” She jumped to her feet and rushed her with a sobbing embrace. Not because she was worried that perhaps someone had come through the tunnel and she was kidnapped or she had run off and had been captured.
“Sister our father, he is dead.” She squeezed tight enough to hurt.
In complete shock, Ellanora sank, and when Rosalinda let go, she took a step back, staring at her sister in disbelief. It was impossible to make things worse, no heart, body or soul could take it, and she fainted dead away.
Ellanora awakened in her bed, still exhausted from the night before. She had no idea how long she had been asleep, but it wasn’t long enough to dream away reality. She lay for a while, flat, empty, just a body, no thought, no tears, and drained of life. Finally, she decided to pull her heavy head and heart together; and face her dragons, as she had too many questions of her own.
Emerging from her room, she was hungry, but it was late. The ladies sat two on each side of Rosalinda. She looked like a queen at court and Ellanora was on trial. Little chance of getting her questions answered, let alone a little food. Rosalinda’s face was in ruin, covered with heavy makeup but she couldn't cover her red, puffy eyes and her hair was a mess, like Ellanora had never seen. In a slow stern, low and deep voice she called, "Come sister, come before me and explain yourself.”
Ellanora swallowed hard and stepped before them, she stared at the floor, and her mind went blank, and her breath was short, she didn't know what to say, where to start, what did her sister want to know exactly? She staggered, and Hiona got her a chair and gently led her to sit. She sat like a wilted flower.
Rosalinda opened, “Our father has fallen, and you have nothing to say?” her voice rose, “And where the hell is Amanda?” She blasted.
Ellanora was too weak, too tired, too drained to speak. But Amanda, the sick sharp pain deep in her belly was back. Suddenly shaken she rambled, “Amanda yes, Amanda, she was with me last night. We were running from soldiers, raiders, I, I thought she was right behind me but when I stopped she was gone, I called, waited and waited but nothing… she never came back. Oh heavens, my father’s dead, she dropped her face into her hands and sobbed. Hiona rose to comfort her, but Rosalinda motioned, no.
The windows were open and the sun shined in brightly, but the room was still dark. “Do you realize you both could have gone missing?” Rosalinda spoke softly.
Ellanora raised her weary head and pleadingly looked into her sister’s eyes. “We need to find her, sister I beg of you, can you please send someone to search, now, straight away!”
Rosalinda exhaled with dismay, her fist tightened around the handkerchief she held, she closed her eyes for a second, in a voice without compassion she replied. “Did you not hear what I said, our father has fallen? That means dear sister, we are powerless, have you been paying any attention to what has been going on here at all? She spat. The only thing that may work in our favor is our royal blood, and that could just as well cause the opposite, we are now at the complete mercy of Prince Zale, anything could happen to us,
Ellanora's eyes wandered as she started to contemplate her options as Rosalinda rambled on about how helpless they were. Perhaps she could ask around, someone must know something. Then her sister’s voice rang in her ears again.
“I have been informed that Prince Zale has returned and is resting, but he would like an audience with us when he's ready. Honestly sister, I have no idea what he has in mind.” Her voice changed, enough to make Ellanora sit up and take notice. “So, if you think I will in anyway acknowledge her, you’re mistaken, she could cause us all to lose our heads.” She sat silent for a moment, then stood, “I will ponder your punishment!” she went to her room and slammed the door so hard, the windows shook. You could hear a pin drop.
Back in Ellanora's room, Hiona rubbed her back. “There, there now, we'll think of something, maybe the Cods can help. They have shown to be most loyal. They can keep a secret. Perhaps they can find out what happened to Amanda.” But when Ellanora looked into her eyes, she saw fear.
Later when Ellanora had a chance to be alone with Jessica. She explained what had happened, to which she replied, “I thought as much.” and she thanked her for not telling the others, that she was the one who told them of the tunnel to begin with. She promised to find whatever information she could as to Amanda's whereabouts and Jay, the strange young man they befriended in the forest.
Ellanora spent the day and night waiting and hoping for some good news as to her best friend. She could barely eat or drink, but she could think, think of what horrors Amanda could be suffering. She tried to sleep, hoping a dream may help, but no sleep, no nothing.
Rosalinda had her own problems and was prepared to deny any knowledge of Amanda. As far as she knew, the girl had run off with some young man and had not been seen, that was to be the story and only if someone should ask.
Every day after Prince Zale had returned, Rosalinda received a beautiful gift and a short note expressing his remorse over the death of her father, but he still had not asked to see her.
The Cods came back with all sorts of tails, even that Prince Zale was responsible for King Ryan's death. And finally, to Ellanora's total devastation, Jessica, with an explosive display of emotion, announced that spies had been captured the night of Amanda's disappearance. Among them were two women, one fitting Amanda’s description and they were both sentenced to death.
The ladies gasp, Ellanora ran to her room, ranting back and forth, she paced until she was worn. Full of anger and feeling defeated, she fell asleep staring at the painted ceiling of the room she now occupied. She had been removed from her other room for obvious reasons. Rosalinda gave it to Mayva, a stern no nonsense older woman. If she could only get out somehow and look for Jay, but every time she even thought of the tunnel, Ellanora could feel Mayva’s eyes snapping at her.
When she awakened, it was dark and quiet. She took another assessment of her suddenly shattered life, her father gone forever, and their last words were not kind to one another. Her dark dream had come true. Her heart broke.
Then there was Carlton, the gallant love of her life, a whiff of a smile crossed her face as she recalled the last time she saw him riding off. Her heart bloomed like the roses she threw. The dream foretold a different future for him, but where was it, where was he? ‘Do I dare trust my dream?’ she wanted to. But the hope faded to reality, most likely he was as her father had expected, lost on the battlefield… and for what? In the end, all was lost. And lastly, one who had become such a close friend was now to be executed. All she had left was her sister who wouldn't even speak to her. And because of what she and Amanda had done all their lives were threatened. With father gone she thought this prince could do with us as he pleased. She curled up into a ball, but did not cry, she couldn’t squeeze out another tear, but she could sleep… again.

30.
LOVE FOUND
At their campsite, Gengermen studied Carlton's fretful stillness. He had hardly said a word all day and now just a mile away from Ellanora, they had to put together a plan.
He just wanted to see her one more time before she left for Tinnin, one last look as she waved goodbye. Maybe he would be lucky enough to get one last kiss that he could imprint on his memory to last the rest of his life, one more look deep into her eyes. This time when he held her, he would take it all in, just one more time.
Gengermen broke the silence, "You have a plan?”
Carlton stared at the crackling campfire thinking, "No… not yet."
“Too bad we didn’t get here a few days earlier. It would have been a lot easier with Zale gone, his men are everywhere.” He gave a pause, "But on the other hand, this is Codland, and that means it’s neutral ground.”
Carlton finally spoke, "My mother sewed all our gold into the lining of our clothing. She placed this jacket on my back before we left. It's quite heavy. Perhaps I can buy my way in to see her. For all I know, she could already be married to someone else.” Gengermen stretched his arms and clasp this hands around the back of his neck and pulled, shaking his head.
"Okay, okay, let’s stop worrying and wondering about things we don’t even know. Tomorrow we will go into town and ask around, but right now we need our rest, so good night."
With that said, Gengermen yawned, laid down on the ground, covered himself with his cloak, and left Carlton still staring into the campfire.
The town was overcrowded with travelers, and the Tinnin guard was heavy. Although there were the obvious unsavory types, the mass of diverse people seemed jovial, almost festive. The war was over. The young men found an inn.
Gengermen and Carlton mingled in and questioned if anyone knew anything about the palace and they knew lots, lots of rumors.
The Sawtee had betrayed Ryan, making promises and never showing, leaving the Wardee stranded and outnumbered on the battlefield. In the end, they attacked both Hummy and Wardee. By the time Ryan discovered who his true enemies were, the Tinnin arrived, but it was too late.
And Zale could care less who was in power in Lapuslandee, as long as the Tinnin promptly received their tribute. With the rumor of a great gold find, the victorious had to be put in their place and know the consequences of disobedience. Sawtee was the new ruler, and Zale doubled tribute without a peep.
Except for Codland ruling along the western coastline, overnight, everyone else in Lapuslandee was now Sawtee. Codland was a bustle with refugees not wanting to be Sawtee or fleeing the continent.
There were also stories of executions carried out by the Tinnin daily. But what disturbed Carlton were stories that the Tinnin held the Wardee Princesses as prisoners and that Zale no longer considered his arranged marriage valid.
Carlton's best chance was to find a Cod servant. The offer of a silver coin at the palace kitchen back door and an avalanche of stories poured out, including one that stopped Carlton in his tracks. Apparently, the younger princess seeks her long lost lover. Carlton’s heart ramped with anticipation.
The next morning, he was awakened by loud banging at the door. It was an excited servant from the Cod palace kitchen. "Sir, there is a lady downstairs waiting for you."
Carlton stumbled over himself, running downstairs but it wasn’t Ellanora. The young woman looked him over without introducing herself. "No, that’s not him," she mumbled.
Aghast, he questioned frankly, "Excuse me madam, may I be of any help to you?"
"Oh, forgive me; I'm Jessica, handmaiden to the Wardee Princess Ellanora. I was told you were asking questions about the princess, it just so happens she is seeking a man who goes by the name, Jay. Perhaps you have heard of him?"
Carlton sank, her words caused a lump in his throat that hurt, he started to sweat. "Who is this Jay and why would she have need of him?" His heart pounded, his upper lip had an uncontrollable tremor.
Jessica hesitated, "I'm sorry, but I'm not at liberty to tell you more. But I might ask why you are inquiring about the Wardee princess?”
Carlton tightened his jaw; anger covered his face and sarcasm tainted his voice. "Perhaps I am not at liberty to say."
Suddenly, Gengermen stood between them. "Maybe we can work together.” But the young woman dropped her eyes and left.
Later Carlton recalled a stranger asking if he were Jay when they first arrived in town. They sought and found the man and invited him to a meal. Carlton drank ale and eyed the man hard, "So who is this Jay, that you seek him so zealously?"
The man answered between pauses of chewing and gulping ale. “The young princess Wardee seeks him and will pay handsomely to the one who finds him.”
"But why?" Carlton's voice rose loud enough to raise eyes at nearby tables.
Seeing his emotion, the man stopped eating. “Perhaps she is in love with him. Word has it, she and her handmaid would sneak out at night and play until sunrise. But when her sister found out, she went into a rage and forbid her to ever see him again. She's locked in her room, they say."
The anguish and pain on Carlton's face made Gengermen ask the question, "Are you sure this is the truth, that she has a lover?"
The man's eyes wandered for a moment, "No sir, did I say that? Forgive me, but I've never seen or spoken to her, but one wonders why the princess seeks this man so desperately?" The look on Carlton's face shut the man up, and the table was silent until Carlton left.
Gengermen calmly took the moment to inquire further, "Can you tell me from where the story came?"
The man's face brightened, "I can do better than that, I know the woman and her son, and where they come home every night. He works at the palace, he will know more, he is the one who told me about the gold she was offering.”
That night Gengermin talked a sulking Carlton into having a chat with the lad. That wasn't the best idea. The servant started with, "This is what I know and what I was told. The Princess and her young handmaid found an old tunnel that led to a way out, far beyond the palace grounds. They went out nightly and met a man named Jay."
Not hearing what he hoped to hear, Gengermin asked, “How long did this go on?"
With eyes wide, he answered, "Until Prince Zale returned and the trio was almost captured. The princess escaped back to the tunnel, but the other two are missing and believed to be in prison. You must have noticed, there are beheadings every day; spies and enemies of the Tinnin. There is a dispute whether they have the right to execute in Codland. It is seriously feared that her maid and this Jay person she seeks, will die before the dispute is settled.”
“Why not request for their release?" Carlton asked assertively.
“The princesses are on shaky ground themselves. Since King Ryan fell, they are at the mercy of Prince Zale’s desires. The last thing Princess Rosalinda would want to do is draw attention as associates of accused spies.”
Carlton looked at Gengermin and spoke bitterly, "I'll have no more to do with this!" and stormed toward the door, but caught himself with a thought. Without turning around, he announced, "Tell the Princess Ellanora I know this Jay, and I have information, but I will only give it to her personally, face to face." Gengermin’s expression went blank, stunned at what Carlton had claimed. The young man nodded, Carlton left, and the room lit up with chatter, whispers, and questions with no answers.
Before Gengermen could tell Carlton, he thought the move was quite brilliant, Carlton looked straight into his eyes and revealed, “I could care less that I am not her Jay fellow, but she is going to face me,” he banged on his chest, “before I leave.” The tone left Gengermen speechless.
A day later arrangements had been made for Carlton to come face to face with the Princess. It was late in the day when Jessica met the men just outside the palace door. Carlton carried an empty box as instructed, so Jessica was able to escort them as merchants.
It was Rosalinda’s nap time, so no one was in the center room when they arrived. The men were quickly and quietly led into Ellanora's chambers. She was depressed and exhausted; the hopeless situation was taking its toll. There was a gentle rap at the door, she turned her back to it, pulled herself together and fanned her face afresh.
Carlton, still angry, had a devil may care attitude, at this point he had nothing to lose. In a deep dry, dark voice, that Ellanora did not recognize, he spoke. "Madam." After all his planning of what to say and justifying all the reasons why he should be glad she found someone else, at this moment, his mind went blank, and a large lump grew in his throat. The tension weighed the room down.
"You say you know the man I seek?" She asked dryly as she slowly turned around and the world stopped. His eyes grew narrow as hers grew wide, her mouth fell ajar, she staggered in disbelief. No one could breathe until she rushed him with an embrace so tight he gasps. He gave Gengermen a quick glance, nervously blinking, he was truly confounded.
"My love, my truest love, could I be so blessed, you are alive, this moment, this moment, it must be a dream." She pulled away to expose a mess of a teary face. The sincerity in her red, watery eyes of joy, told him she was still his as always and in the dark room of his heart, suddenly flooded a brightness, his chest opened up, and he could breathe.
He ever so slowly pulled her into his arms, and gently she fit so completely, one kiss, his lip quivered slightly. The faint nausea and the pounding in his head all faded the instant he realized his whole life had just flipped, again.
Every soul in the room was moved by the gush of emotion. Even though Jessica had no idea what was going on, she mumbled, “This must be Jay.” They had all been witness to the pain and despair the two had suffered apart and now all hearts drenched in the glow of their contentment.
Her head now against his chest; she sobbed and whispered, "Oh Carlton, my heart's been broken, I thought you were dead. Father banished me to the Tinnin, my maiden and her lover are lost, I am so distraught and confused. You, my love, are like a warm ray of sunlight in the darkest and coldest of days." Her grasp pressed a wrinkle into his shirt.
Carlton's face glowed and lit up the room. "My love," he held up her face to look into. "I could never dream of giving you up. The Tinnin will hold no claim on you; you are mine and always have been." Gengermen smiled and rolled his eyes.
The two were left alone in her room where they shared the stories of the past lost months. They rediscovered each other; both had changed, within and without. Carlton took note that Ellanora’s face had thinned and her body had filled out more feminine or had he not noticed it before? Even her lips were hers but not. Ellanora also took a moment to notice he had an element of quiet and deep thought; the shimmer was gone, as if he had fought his way back to her.
It was comforting to see how informal their relationship had become. Both casualties of war; it seemed to have sat them free, and all they would say was said and all they wanted to do they did, all that was held back for years was let loose, every little wonder was released. They had rescued one another. Their dreams were back in the world of possibilities.
Jessica took Gengermen to another room, where she explained what she knew in hopes that the two young men could help rescue Amanda, but when he filled in their side of the story, what they had to offer, it was clear they could do nothing.
It was decided to keep Carlton a secret until Ellanora had a chance to talk with her sister. But before he could take a last kiss, Hiona entered the room and found them in a tight embrace. At first, she thought she had seen a ghost, then she gasps at the thought of what must have been going through their heads. Ellanora stood between them still holding his hand tightly' "Yes, he is alive, my love has returned, and I want to leave."
At those words, Hiona’s eyes widened, and she covered her cheeks. "Good Lord, your sister, child, have you given any thought to what this will do to her?”
Ellanora's flushed face spoke louder than words. "Please don't say anything, until I have a chance to speak to her. I'll do it later, at supper, I promise."
Hiona looked into their pleading eyes, she dropped her shoulders, rubbed her forehead and paced a bit, then stopped in her tracks, "Okay, but get him out of here.” looking at Carlton and pointing at the door. "She will be up and about any moment." and they shooed the young men out in just the nick of time.
Carlton and Gengermen hashed over plans with the Cods to help Amanda, but in the end, all looked hopeless. Carlton tried to convince the Cods to deliver a note from Ellanora. But Prince Zale had all his prisoners under tight watch, and they dare not take a chance.
Carlton and Gengermen spent the rest of the day in the Cod servant’s quarters of the palace, where it was quite different, slack and joyful, music filled the rooms and a constant flow of lavish leftover food covered the tables. If you felt like playing the flute, you did, and as a result, the place was most delightful. There was an amazing lack of formality between the nobles and servants that added an ease to the atmosphere. Carlton and Gengermin graciously accepted their hospitality, and they entertained them with stories of Wardeen life.
Carlton went on to express his ecstatic delight at reuniting with Ellanora and her excitement over the prospects of finding the inland. It started all over again, with him, a man without a title, and someone spoke up and added, 'And her the daughter of a fallen king.' Carlton’s stories of the inland amused some but upon his invitation, he had no takers but lots of laughs, and he enjoyed it all the same.

31.
THE RESCUE
Ellanora was hesitant to tell her sister about Carlton being there, there at Codland castle, alive and well. Perhaps she would be angry, or maybe she would welcome the thought of a brave new world. The idea put a smile on her face. Solemn as it was with all the sad things that had happened, Carlton was a ray of optimism and hope, surely Rosalinda would see that. Yet deep inside she knew her sister loved the glitter, glamor, and power of the Tinnin and she could just as easily explode in an uproar and deny her the future she desired so much.
The pressure was on as the Tinnin started to pack and Rosalinda was told to prepare to leave. Ellanora knew she could delay that talk with her sister no longer. She looked Rosalinda in the eyes and asked at dinner, "Have you had any word as to Amanda?"
"No," she answered dryly, with a hopeless tone in her voice, as the other maidens watched.
Then Ellanora spoke up, in a matter of fact kind of manner, "Carlton, Carlton is here, yes he's alive, and he's come to take me away with him." There was a great gasp at the table, along with the clamor of forks falling on pewter plates. Without a clue, Ellanora burst with excitement, her eyes widened with anticipation, as she sat up to the table, "Well not just me, all of us, he wants to start all over again in the Inland. We will have our own kingdom, far and safe away from all of this and everyone.”
Rosalinda clutched her chest, as her last breath flew from her mouth. It fell with a choking sound. Ellanora had never seen her sister’s face so gray. Rosalinda, shaking with anger replied, “Am I to believe after all you have put me through, when our father has only just died, you intend to leave on some world wind fantasy journey?” her voice hammered at the walls. “Have you lost your senses? You are mad to think you can simply walk out of here free as a bird. What do you think, you belong to yourself? With father gone, I don't even belong to myself. We are at the mercy of the Tinnin." She rose up from her seat and hovered in on Ellanora, who sat just across the table, somewhat terrified. “Why would you ever think of such a thing? To travel out in dirt, when you are here in the lap of luxury? Safe? You speak of safe, out there; wandering around lost, looking for paradise, alone with no protection at all. And you want us to join you in your, your death wish? I think not!" she started to pace back and forth behind Ellanora's chair, wringing her fingers. No one made a move. "And furthermore, I forbid you to leave your room.” She pointed at Hiona, “in your sight day and night, as she has lost her mind." In a softer cynical voice, she added, "I will protect my sister from herself.”
Ellanora started to rise from her seat, “I’m not done yet!" Rosealinda leveled. Ellanora froze, while sweat beads formed on her forehead, "Don't forget my dear sister; father gave you to me, to do as I please and I intend to keep you under my foot. Now get her out of my sight!"
Ellanora knew it may not have gone over easy but she was dazed, she never imagined her sister’s response would be so devastating. Still shaking, she was taken to her room surrounded by a few compassionate faces.
Just before Hiona closed the door behind them, she heard Rosalinda, still ranting, "I want this Carlton arrested and dungeoned until after we leave… "
Hiona wondered how long she would live to see it play out over and over again, Ellanora in her arms crying. "She hates me, why, what have I ever done to make her want to hurt me so badly?"
The same shoulder rubs and cheek dabbing as always, Hiona explained, "There, there my dear, your sister never hated you. You must understand she is also frightened; we have no idea what this Prince Zale has in mind for us. And without your father, you are her only living relative.”
Ellanora sat up with her face a mess and tried to reason with Hiona. “Yes don't you see? That's exactly why we must flee, he could sell us if he wanted.”
Shocked at the suggestion, Hiona replied, "Oh my sweet, I have it on good account that the prince loves her and wouldn’t think of such a thing.”
Ellanora locked eyes with Hiona's for a moment. "Amanda's to be executed, and she can’t even admit that she’s missing. These people look at us as the lowest of peasants. What and how will they treat us when we reach Tinnin?”
Hiona said nothing but the expression of understanding came across her face, and her eyes wandered. "These plans of Carlton’s… do you trust him? Do you trust him because you love him or because you believe he truly believes in this Inland?"
Yes, Yes, I do, both, for me this is my destiny. I have seen it, he is to become great one day, and I saw myself by his side. I thought it was Wardee at the time but it makes no difference, I saw what I saw.”
Hiona took a deep sigh and wondered if this poor child could ever find any lasting happiness in her life. "I know you have the gift of insight," She brushed Ellanora's hair from her face with her fingers. "I will talk to your sister and see what can be done."
Her words meant little, it didn't matter what her sister said. Ellanora's mind was set, she was going with Carlton, whatever, and wherever his dream or fantasy journey. This may be security and luxury to them but not to me. She thought as she had never felt so safe as the moment Carlton held her in his arms and looked into her eyes. She knew despite the odds her dreams were going to come true… again.
The next night when Ellanora sat eating dinner alone, she could overhear Hiona try to reason with Rosalinda about the possibilities of letting her sister leave, but it was met with loud, angry opposition, and Hiona was promptly dismissed to join Ellanora in her room.
“I must go," Ellanora whispered, dry eyed and determined.
Hiona gave a soft smile, "I know you must, we’ll need Jessica to arrange it with your young man. Don't worry, she looked off, and out the narrow window, “all will turn out well.”
The next two days Jessica served as a go between, carrying messages back and forth, making arrangements for their escape. They contrived an excellent plan, devised to assure that no one would be to blame for her escape but Rosalinda herself.
It was after her noon meal, when Rosalinda would take a nap; Ellanora asked to convene with her sister, claiming she had a change of heart and as expected Rosalinda accepted.
She yawned and was partly disrobed when Ellanora entered, and the handmaids took their leave. Slipping into a cozy robe, she asked, "Has your isolation given you the wisdom to apologize for such foolishness? Have you had the time to contemplate and realize just how fortunate you are?” She stepped out of her slippers. “There is to be a farewell feast, even the Cod King will attend, and I want you to stand before all and express our deep gratitude.”
“Yes, Yes, I would love too,” Ellanora replied sincerely. “This time alone has given me a great opportunity to realize just how fortunate I am, and I wanted you to know I love you dearly and that I do understand, that I am all you have left in this world." A tear gathered in her eye but did not fall, for in that moment, she honestly meant every word, and it hurt.
Rosalinda exhaled the words, "Finally, you understand!" as she flung herself into her bed. “You cannot imagine how wonderful our lives will be. After you were born, your mother took me to meet your grandparents, aunts, and uncles in Tinnin. In my life, I have never seen such lavish luxury. No matter, you shall see for yourself.”
I do recall mother speaking of it with great longing. When I was small, she would brush my hair, and tell me about her sister Norreena. They must have been very close. Ellanora rambled on, and on and when there was no longer a response to her questions, she knew her sister was fast asleep. She took one close look and kissed her with her mind and heart, then slipped out onto the patio and into the garden, where Carlton had scaled the wall and was hiding in the healthy brush.
Ellanora took a last glance back, to find Hiona looking from a small narrow window in her room, she waved to hurry, hurry. Carlton helped her to the top of the wall where she took another glimpse at Hiona, threw her a kiss, took a leap and she was gone.
A short time later Rosalinda opened her eyes to find her sister missing. After their conversation, she felt content that there was an understanding between them and fell back asleep.
Hiona improved her position by being the one who awakened Rosalinda, frantically crying, "Where is Ellanora?"
Rosalinda was angered to tears, vowing to go to Prince Zale and demand the head of Carlton, whom she would claim had kidnapped her sister. Strangely enough, she was at last invited to dinner that very night. She prepared herself for a rather romantic evening, but it was a loud, crowded dining hall. She was seated next to him, but with the exception of a seductive glance every now and then, she was mostly ignored. For a flash, she wondered if her sister could have been right. But when her eyes focused on the candlelight bouncing off the gems in the bracelet on her wrist, she was bedazzled. She then glanced up at the lavish table set before her and the handsome, masculine face of the Prince, and she knew she was where she wanted to be.
Her question was how to make Ellanora understand. Obviously, she was just too young to make good decisions for herself. One or two days out in the world and she'll come running back, just one night in the cold, with an empty stomach and on her feet all day… she'll be back, she thought. At that, she held her head high and sipped fine wine from a jeweled goblet.

32.
THE EXECUTION
Gengermen suggested they leave straight away, as it was no secret how Rosalinda swore she would ask Zale for Carlton's head and that she had accused him of kidnapping her sister. The fugitives found the Cod's most helpful. Jessica led them to a quiet inn on the edge of town. Although Carlton agreed with Gengermen, to flee, Ellanora was in no condition to leave just yet, for in the mitts of the joyous excitement, was the sad truth that Amanda would soon be executed and she could not leave. As the day drew near, escape plans were drawn up, over and, over but none without a significant risk.
Ellanora couldn’t sleep and found Carlton outdoors sitting on a rock that looked as though it was placed there just for that purpose. He was staring at the stars, contemplating his future, the quest before him, his mother and Gram. Everything looked brighter than he had ever imagined Lord Carlton’s life would ever be.
Ellanora slipped in close to him and snuggled to keep warm in the cool night air. The quarter moon lit Carlton’s eyes, while Ellanora's studied the ground with worry and distress, wishing he would say the magical words, I know how to save Amanda.
When the day came, Ellanora had slumped into a deep depression. Carlton and Jessica felt helpless and tried to discourage her from watching such a spectacle, as she had never seen an execution before. But to Ellanora, this was the least she could do.
On the day of Amanda’s execution, they covered themselves well, not wanting to be recognized, as the Tinnin had not gone and soldiers may still be hunting for them. Gengermen led the way through the crowded streets to the square, where the woman spy was to be beheaded. Carlton cautioned, "Dearest, should there be trouble, you ladies run, and I will hold them off." Sad eyes to sad eyes, she replied, "Please stand close to me,” she held tight to Jessica and Carlton, “for I fear I may faint when I see her face."
Gengermen spotted two hooded cloaks, seemingly headed in their direction. When Carlton looked back into the crowd and found him, he pointed to the suspicious ones.
The crowd started to roar, Carlton held her tight, Ellanora stared at the ground, grasping for the courage to look up, a tear dripped off the end of her nose, when suddenly Carlton whispered, run! Ellanora took note but ran into arms that clasp her tight, she gave a struggle. Carlton went for his sword, but a hand held him down, preventing him from pulling it out. Ellanora's heart pounded, ‘Could it be over so soon. It can’t be,’ she fought back, she looked up and held her scream, when she realized the person holding her was Amanda.
The crowd was in such an uproar, they never noticed the disturbance taking place right in their mitts. Carlton took a sigh of relief when he saw the three women embrace one another with expressions of utter joy. He looked back at the man who had just released his sword and who smiled rolling his eyes with a carefree loud chuckle, which could barely be heard.
The crowd was loud and agitated, pushing and shoving closer to the execution platform. The two men rushed the women away from the dreadful site before it could take place. By the time Gengermen found them, it was like a family reunion.
At dinner, that night the six, ate, drank and laughed about the adventure that had led to that very moment. And especially, what had happened the night Amanda disappeared.
Amanda's eyes widened, and her face lost its expression as if she were elsewhere. “Remember we heard something coming from afar, then screams and like frightened rabbits we took off."
Ellanora nodded her head, as the others listened intently. "I had no slippers on, and when I stopped to put them on, I didn’t lace them, and I tripped and sprang my ankle and rolled down a grassy mound. I laid low, and when I lifted my head, I could see off in the distance, the forest was ablaze with torches and horsemen, in the direction you ran in. I was trapped, terrified, what would happen if they should find us.”
"But I never heard you call," Ellanora expressed with emotion.
“No, you were already too far gone; it looked as if they would just miss you. I was afraid; I knew I didn't stand a chance. I laid low in some bushes and waited for them to pass and as I lay, I could still hear screams and yelling, and I could smell fire. I trembled with fear." Just recalling, brought pain to her face. "Never in my life had I ever been so frightened. Then when I heard a horse ride close in the dark, I thought I should die, but then a voice called, Lilly, Lilly where are you? I knew that voice.” With a smile, gazing into Jay's eyes and taking his hand, she continued, “It was my own sweet love. At first, I couldn’t believe it until he was right upon me. I looked up, and he swept me off the ground and dashed off. I closed my tear filled eyes and held on tight until he stopped. I found myself in the castle courtyard, with servants calling him lord. You see just moments before, I had no idea."
Jay took a gulp of wine and cleared his mouth, looking at Gengermen and Carlton he explained. “I never told them who I was and they never told me who they were, even though I eventually figured it out and by the way stressed very strongly that it was dangerous and they should cease their little nighttime adventures. I also knew where the tunnel was, I tracked them during the day, and it led me to the gate.” The ladies gave a gasp. “I thought of leaving roses and lilies, but I didn’t want to frighten them. I also thought of blocking it so they couldn’t get out for their dangerous nightly frolics. But then again, what if they needed to escape the Tinnin.
"That night; weren't you afraid that the Tinnin would try to stop you? Carlton pulled bread and took a bite.
Ha, Jay laughed, "They wouldn't dare, all that land is mine. In fact, if the ladies had stayed in their original spot, they would not have been pursued at all. This is one of the reasons I was out there, watching over my lands and of cores," his eyes bounced on the ladies who started to giggle, "the flowers, whom I had done my best to persuade not to be out dancing around in their night attire.
The ladies dropped their eyes, just a tad embarrassed. "You see, I had been watching over them for some time, and I never stopped, how could I?
Once we received word that the Princess Ellanora had been kidnaped by a lover, we went on the hunt for you. But you were in deep hiding.”
“And when we found out you thought I was to be executed we knew you would be here.” Amanda continued, “So we picked out the most suspicious looking hooded characters and sure as pie it was you.
Changing the subject a little, Amanda looked at Ellanora and added, "We sent you roses and letters to let you know I was alright."
A baffled Ellanora shook her head no, "I got no such message. And when I heard about the young woman to be executed, I was devastated.
Jessica interrupted, “Your sister received many flowers and letters of condolence for your father. She must have gotten the letters. She also received love letters and gifts from Prince Zale.”
Amanda wrinkled her brow in thought, "There could have been some confusion on her part as the letter was addressed to The Rose, your sister may have thought it was a love letter for her." It took a second before the table erupted into laughter.

33.
THE WEDDING
After all Carlton and Ellanora had been through, Madenwood was a dream. Surrounded by beauty and kind, delightful people, it was a gift to the mind, body, and soul. Peace at last. Jay’s sisters were wonderful, never leaving a dull moment. Could we really laugh and smile all day? Is this real?
It is no wonder under such circumstances, Carlton found it the perfect time to ask Ellanora to be his bride, as the place had a way of making a man feel like he could take on the world. So confident, one night under the moon, with the fragrance of blossoms’ mingling in the air, he decided there could be no better time.
At night, safe and secure, Ellanora slept sound and late. Upon awakening, she lay silent to reflect on the relaxing moment, sinking in, inhale, exhale, hands feeling, eyes closed, pain released but it was short lived. “Rosalinda, why couldn’t it have been different. I must get word that I am ok, to her and my poor Nan. How do I live without them?” At that thought, she leaped from her bed.
Rosalinda and her ladies boarded the ship and were shown their quarters, small tight and smelly. But that wasn’t what was breaking her heart. In the days following Ellanora’s flight, she had hardly said a word, to think there would be no goodbyes, a last hug, a thrown kiss, it was unbearable. Looking around she noticed Nan missing. Nan, the only person she could ask the nagging question. “Was I so wrong?”
The loading had slowed, and the deck was a bustle with the crew making ready to sail. Rosalinda spotted a small hint of deep green, it was Nan. Nan had found the perfect location, high with a huge open view, wide enough to catch the slightest wave goodbye. As Rosalinda approached the sad eyes were at that moment in accord, just two loving hearts breaking for just a glimpse of her. The wind blew, and the ship rocked a bit, and the ladies waited silently.
The Tinnin leaving would be big news. Ellanora dressed and opened the doors to find everyone deep in their plans for the day. Pulling Carlton aside she enquired, “The Tinnin,”
“Yes, my lovely,” he ogled her endearingly, “they leave today.”
Ellanora fluttered off like a frightened bird. “Oh, they can’t leave without, at least a wave, a thrown kiss to let them know that I love them.”
Carlton was caught off guard. “Of course, she must,” he thought and now seemed a safe enough time. Begging Ellanora to give him a moment, he gathered some information, and they took to the docks where they found the ship had pulled anchor and started to drift, but they were there, they were still there, waving and shouting. Ellanora ran to the end of the dock, jumping, waving, screaming I love you, I love you. She stood watching with Carlton until the ship vanished. It had done her spirit good; it was as if each kiss they threw had unfettered her heart.
Likewise, for Rosalinda and Nan, the moment was badly needed. The two ladies hugged, dabbed their eyes dry and once again their hearts were allowed to rejoice in the lush future they anticipated in Tinnin. And just as they entered the small cabin, Rosalinda caught a glimpse of Prince Zale carrying his hat and three rolled maps under his arm, and thought out loud. “He is a handsome devil, isn’t he?” they laughed.
The next morning Jessica carried the most beautiful golden box and presented it to Ellanora. “Your sister left this for you.” Ellanora recognized the box, it was her father’s, “how did it get here?” she wondered. Opening it, she found her crown and a letter from her father. She closed the box as just the sight of the letter written in his own hand, tugged on her emotions enormously. She set the box aside and would feast on it later that night, alone, where she could digest the whole of it. The next morning, Ellanora emerged cheerful, her face beaming like a luscious summer peach.
One evening at dinner Jay’s sister pulled Ellanora aside, I have the most beautiful gown, and I want you to have it for your special day. It was to be mine, but he was killed in battle.
Oh, I'm so sorry, Ellanora clutched her chest and tilted her head with sincerity.
Oh, it's alright, you see my mother hated him and later, his family was disgraced in the face of their own village. I'm so happy I was never his bride.
Ellanora was a bit taken aback by the way Salena was so at ease at being the oldest and still alone. "So, do you love another?”
“Not lately,” Salena laughed, “I'm not really in a hurry to leave the life I live. My married sister doesn’t seem to be as happy as us unmarried ones. Oh, I'm so sorry, I didn't say that to mean there was anything wrong with marriage, just that…
Ellanora interrupted with a laugh, "You don't need to explain, I just barely escaped an unwanted lord and master myself.
Yes, yes, it’s quite different for you," Salena's eyes widen, "Carlton is so handsome, and you’re going on such an adventure. Traveling through the land of the skull painters. I actually saw one when I was a child," Ellanora moved in closer, with her mouth ajar, Salena had her full attention. “but he just looked normal, like anyone else. She walked back toward the dining tables, "I'm sure we will lay in our beds and daydream about your magical journeys."
The Ladies
A few days before the wedding Ellanora and Amanda were separated from all men. They showed Ellanora four colors "Pick one Salena demanded excitedly." The ladies surrounded her with baited breath and lively eyes. She picked yellow, and the youngest sister screamed, "It's mine, it's mine, she picked mine.” and suddenly Amanda and Ellanora were no longer the center of attention. There must have been fifteen women pointing, planning, laughing and shouting, until they danced their way right out the door. "Goodness," Ellanora expressed being a little taken by the excitement, "What are they up to?"
“Humm,” Amanda twisted her lip, "I'm not sure but I chose the color blue, and I was told to stay here." She pulled out a deck of Jay's beautifully painted cards. "Shall we play?" she smiled. The two laughed, exchanging experiences, ideas and thoughts about the men they were about to marry and the plans they had each made and the families they both wanted. They wished each other well and gazed back on a past that never hinted of such a fortunate future.
After a few hours, the doors burst open, and a wonderful party began, just ladies, food, games, laughter, and music. The festivity packed the large room and out into the hall. Dancing, clapping and stomping, Ellanora couldn’t stop laughing. But they didn't stay too long, as the brides to be, needed their beauty sleep, they had a big day ahead.
It was hard for Ellanora to fall asleep with all the hubbub of the last few weeks but Amanda was right at home. She was raised alone and always wanted brothers and sisters, and now she would belong to a large family. The timing couldn't get much better, the war was over, and the Tinnin had all but gone, leaving Codland without a scratch, only a fabulous infusion of rich refugees bringing wealth into their economy. It seemed the entire world was in a festive mood. The topping was put on the sweetness of the occasion, when Jay surprised Amanda, with the arrival of her mother, whom she worried may have been lost in Wardee, now known as Sawtee.
The Men
Far removed from the ladies, the men were having a full festive event. Tournaments were held, to find out, who was the strongest, fastest, the wittiest and smartest. Unlike the ladies, the men had both sexes attending, and most games were held outside until later that night when they played one of their favorite Cod games called A Catch.
A pathway was cleared all the way around the big hall and in front of the guest of honor sat a gift of gold, coins or jewelry. A scantily clad maiden stood a third of the way to the gold and her pursuer at the start. If he could catch her, she would be his for the night, but if he couldn’t, the gift of gold was hers. The maidens were specially picked and kept secret until the game started. The gift enticed the loveliest of maidens and try as they did the men could never catch one.
LaDena was in charge of the Catcher Game. She chose five pairs, and it was easy as the most beautiful young maidens had their eyes on the prize and all the men had their eyes on those maidens. But the game was tilted in her favor, no man had ever won. In LaDena’s eyes, the spectacle was about the excitement that came with the chase, so the couples were paired carefully.
The games were all the rage as usual, but no one was ready for the spectacle of the last performance. Casandra was the most beautiful and had played in the last two games, as she had come of age. This time LaDena paired her with Burl, a nickname given to him for his build. He was handsome and a favorite of the people as he had saved lives and helped many with his strength and size. But the games were fixed, LaDena calculated the distance between them with the size of the man so that he may get close, very close but never, never catch one.
The King dropped the red cloth, and the race was on. The walls rumbled with the roar of the crowd within and the spectators at the windows. Casandra’s advantage took her far ahead of her pursuer and when she reached the finish table, where the gift of gold lay, she leaned against it and mocked Burl, “Ha, you big oversized ogre, did you really think you could catch me? There was a loud gasp in the room, and it went quiet.
La Dena clenched her chest and covered her mouth in shock, this was a fun game of entertainment, not grounds for Casandra to insult the Kings well loved.
When Casandra turned and reached for her prize, the king snatched it, stood and announced in the silence of the room, “I will add a sack of gold to the prize, but she will have to run another two rounds.” The king pulled a hefty pouch from his side pocket and sat it down. Casandra’s eyes leveled on it, and her heart started to pound. She looked back at Burl who looked a little winded, still a few feet away, she smirked, glanced at the king, “Your majesty, I will take the challenge.”
“And what say yee?” Asked the King and Burl took a long look at the beautiful Casandra and answered,
“Yes, my king, but only after a few sips of ale.” The crowded room cheered and he sat for a moment and was bombarded with pitchers of ale. A few sips and he was rested and ready.
LaDena pulled Casandra aside to chastise her for such behavior. “Have you lost your mind,” she scolded in a harsh whisper, “this is a game, it’s meant to be fun and entertainment, not some stage for you to insult the man chasing you. Little fool, it set up for you to win, any woman would win. Now I don’t know”, she shook her head, “two times around the room, you may have lost your edge. You could lose!”
Casandra pushed her back, “See that sack of gold on the table, nothing is going to keep me from getting it, nothing, especially that big lug.” She stormed back to her starting point, a third the distance ahead. Burl was already waiting, and the king dropped the red cloth.
At games before the spectators, men, would stick their boot out to trip the girl but to no avail, as the tables were too far removed from the walls. This time the game was so intense no one dare interfere. The first round was like the last with Casandra well ahead, but during the second, she began to flounder, she couldn’t make her feet move as fast as she wanted, she wavered, she bumped into the wall and lost time, she almost tripped, giving Burl a chance to catch up. She could hear him so close behind, his boots stomping, his huffing and puffing. Her heart pounded in her ears.
The hall was in an uproar as they neared the ending, hands waved in the air, screaming, shouting, standing on tables and stomping. Casandra’s chest burned, but when she came into view of the gold, she thought and felt of only one thing, winning. But Burl was right on her, and he reached out and grabbed her by the hair, just as she reached the table, ramming into it, spilling wine cups and knocking fruit from their bowls.
Casandra fainted, and Burl caught her, it was picture beautiful, the big handsome with the frail beauty, flaccid in his huge arms, LaDena fought back a tear. The room went hush, and the king stood up catching the view. He announced, “I declare this to be a tie.” The cheers were so loud they could be heard clear down and into the village.
The next morning Ellanora was awakened by Amanda jumping up and down on her bed, "Get up, get up! Today is the day we spend the rest of our lives in love, in love forever. It was early, the sun had barely crested the mountain tops, someone had the fireplace lit, and the room was nice and warm. The bath was ready with nice warm fragrant water. After her restless night, it was so relaxing, it took her mind off what kind of day lay ahead. And indeed she was in for a surprise.
After her warm relaxing bath, the cheerful maids rubbed her body with heavenly smelling oil. Ellanora crossed her arms, closed her eyes and inhaled deeply. Next came her gown, wedding gown, sheer silk, gold embellish sleeves but a gown, like the one you might sleep in. Ellanora pinched the flimsy sides up and questioned the maid. “Is this an under slip?”
“No my lady, she smiled this is your wedding gown.”
“You mean I’m to wear this in front of everyone?”
“Why yes, my lady.” The maid joyfully danced about her, “You will see; you will be most beautiful. I promise, now relax, sit here facing the mirror, we still have much to do.”
• • •
Just as Ellanora was about to protest, Salena entered the room with three maids. Relieved to see her, Ellanora jumped to her feet. “Salena, this is all I’m wearing, this in front of everyone? I’ll be cold and almost naked. It’s beautiful but…”
Salena and the maids laughed. “Our weddings are not like yours.” She clapped her hands, and the two maids stepped out carrying a magnificent matching robe of white satin, small gemstones along the edge, and the same gold embellish flowers covered the rest.
Salena still giggling at the relief on Ellanora’s face, hugged her and patted her on the shoulder. “There now, sit, lay back, close your eyes and let Rodna finish her magic. She giggled some more and left the room.
They simply balled her hair on top of her head, powdered her face, lined her eyes and brows, painted her lips and added something to her cheeks.
“Open your eyes my dear.” Rodna cried out cheerfully.
Ellanora looked at her faintheartedly as she handed her a mirror. Oh, it was like she had never seen herself, perfect. Looking up wide eyed at Rodna, she whispered with gratitude and awe, “Thank you.”
Next, they placed the matching bejeweled shoes on her feet and put the robe on, clasping it down the front. Although she felt so naked and loose underneath, she was elaborately covered, all but her hair. That seemed odd, it was going to take forever to braid in ribbons and beads, ringlets and jeweled pins, and she was already dressed. It seemed peculiar, but she would make no complaints, letting Rodna do her magic.
Rodna, circled her, giving a close inspection, then she stood back a few steps, “Perfect, you are perfect, beautiful. The other maids joined in and oohed and aahed to the superb job they had done.
Ellanora smiled with the plain ball of hair on her head. Not wanting to seem ungrateful she wondered perhaps when she was alone she would add a ribbon or two. But just as the thought crossed her mind, Salena burst through the door in a rush, clapping her hands to get the maids attention.
“Come, come, ladies, we have no time left, our guests are arriving.” Ellanora’s eyes popped, and her mouth fell open at the thought of walking down the aisle. It’s happening, It’s actually happening. Before her mind could return to the ball on top her head, two maids stepped out from behind Salena with a huge headdress. How magnificent. In the true Cod way, it matched the robe with white flowers shooting up from her own golden crown. They sat her down and planted it over the plain ball on her head. She had never been so lavishly dressed in her life. If only Nan and her sister could see her, surely not even her father would have done her so fine.
Ellanora stood speechless, Salena and the maids looked her over with a little tug here and there they smiled and nodded with approval. Ellanora tried to say… but Salena shushed her as the utmost appreciation was all over her face, and she pulled her sheer veil down.
The hall was completely rearranged with flowers, ribbons, banners and packed with people. A well dressed, well shaven, short haired man offered his arm and led her down the aisle. It took a moment to realize this well mannered fine gentleman was their own Gengermen, with Jessica by his side. Ellanora’s heart swelled at so many smiling faces, some she knew, and more strangers, even the Cod King and Queen attended. And then there he was, in matching gold and white satin, her Carlton like she could have never imagined him. The ceremony was otherwise like any other marriage, except for one more blissful deed; Lord Madenwood united them with full title as The Princess Ellanora and Lord Carlton.
When Carlton lifted the veil to kiss his bride, his eyes lit up like she had never seen him look at her before as he had never seen her so perfect. Even Gengermen flushed red.
Ellanora could not imagine Amanda having a more elaborate wedding then was given her, but oh yes, it was. She recalled that Jay used to call her his lovely Lillie. In her wildest dreams, Ellanora could not imagine how they found that many lilies and her robe was covered with beaded ones. It was breathtaking. The crowd oohed as they passed and knowing the whole story of Jay and Amanda and watching such a spectacle made Ellanora’s heart blush, and her eyes water with happiness, a look she shared with Amanda’s mother. What a day!
But it was still early, after the weddings, there was no wedding feast or banquet party. Ellanora and Carlton were escorted to their room, the yellow one. It was so lovely with huge flower arrangements, platters of food, pitchers of wine and honey water. Not a single detail was overlooked. The large window was open to a perfect day and down below in the garden, was a sole minstrel playing soft beautiful melodies on a harp. Otherwise, there wasn't a single sound or person in sight. For the rest of the day and night, they were the only two people in the world.
The next morning Jay and Amanda requested that Carlton and Ellanora join them for breakfast as Amanda's life could only be made even better if Jay could convince them to stay. But there was no stopping Carlton, not only were his dreams of the Inland scratching but his parents were still waiting, not to mention Gengermen and Jessica hadn't made up their minds as to whether they were coming along for the adventure or headed back home to his mother and brothers. He felt they had taken far too much time as it were but could not express the immense gratitude they felt.
The couples spent the day together laughing about the forest nights, making plans and promises between them. The next day they were packed heavy, and the four horses left Madenwood with tearful hugs from the ladies and strong arm shakes between the men.
Carlton was anxious to see his parents, as he had sent word to the three places he thought they may be. He hoped to surprise Malinda as Amanda had been when her mother arrived. But with no response and with the kingdom still not quite settled, he wondered if they were in some kind of trouble.

34.
ANDLY
At a crossroad, Gengermen and Jessica bid farewell. With the fair winds blowing, they felt now was a good time to go home, help his mother and guide his brothers. Although he had no fear for their safety, far in the rocky banished lands, he missed them. Besides, by the time he reached home, he hoped to have a bride, and he knew just the place to get wed. He made Jessica blush.
Carlton and Ellanora watched until they disappeared down the road, their hearts pinched a bit, but Carlton understood he had to leave. He never even bothered to consider bringing him along to the new inland, why would he ever want to leave his home of such beauty and serenity. The place flashed back in Carlton’s mind. Farewell my fine friend, farewell.
After being in the small town for a week and hearing all the rumors about Wardee and her princess, Gram came to the conclusion that; Carlton may need a little more time than presumed. The town was busting at the seams with refugees causing a constant churning of commotion and spots of disorder. The place was called Andly. Castle Andly was massive and sat off the cliffs overlooking the town and sea.
Gram could see where his administrative talents were greatly needed and set up a small office in the corner of the inn where he and his new wife, Malinda were staying. Within a few days, the line for his services went out the door and into the road. And what a surprise, Gram looked up one day to see Max in line. It was almost like old times with his old friend and assistant on hand.
There was plenty of work to be done. Most refugees were nobles who had run for their lives but not without taking their valuables. Buying and selling of land, searching for the lost, transporting goods and people in and out of Codland ports, reporting reliable information, all this kept them quite busy.
One night, Gram went to drop off a stack of documents at the town magistrate’s office, he came face to face with Lord Andly, who was so impressed with his work he appointed him head of records and land management. Then upon meeting Malinda and Max and his wife, he set the ladies with the task of acquainting him with the new wealthy nobles from afar.
It wasn’t long before Gram and Malinda were given lovely quarters in Andly Castle. Gram had his office, and Max was at his side again just like old times. Lord Andly’s coffers were bursting, the Cod’s were happy, and the war refugees were grateful and settled in with Codland ways, everything needs to match.
Access to news was slow, conflicting and caused great stress to Gram and Malinda. First, there was a price on a young man’s head, whose description was the same as Carlton. He had kidnapped the Princesses. Then it was one, then he was beheaded, then they both were found dead, then she was decapitated, then she was gone with the Tinnin Prince. Then an eyewitness swore he saw two young men hauled off with the Tinnin and they fit the description of Carlton and Gengermen.
Gram and Malinda kept their fears to themselves should Carlton have a price on his head. With all they had to be grateful for, Gram watched Malinda dressed so grand in her matching colors, at a beautifully set table, in such a lovely castle, with beautiful views but with all this, she could not hide her anguish. Carlton was way overdue and knowing one true fact, that the Tinnin had gone, it was perhaps safe to do a little investigating.
One afternoon Gram received an invitation to a great feast as Lord Andly had returned from a grand wedding. Gram and Malinda weren’t particularly excited to go but had to at least make an appearance in good faith. Dressed appropriately, they found themselves unexpectedly sitting next to the Lord and Lady Andly. With all seated, Andly rose up and introduced his special guest.
It took a few moments as everyone stood to applaud the beautiful matching pair. Andly smiled at Gram as if this all had something to do with them. Gram questioned his eyesight as he moved closer to the beaming couple, with Malinda close behind. And yes, yes indeed it was Carlton and Ellanora. Hugs and Kisses brought cheers and tears of joy to the entire feast.
Now Gram and Malinda had been living quite comfortable at Andly and had the Lords favor and with Carlton back, what did that mean for the quest they had planned before, before peace and life’s cozy calm had returned. Not sure how anyone really felt, no one brought up the subject. Meals together were splendid, with all they had to talk about, the table never went dull or quiet enough to bring it up, but in the back of their minds, was the quest dead yet?
A few months passed, having the Wardeen Princess at Andly helped the refugees feel at ease and following her lead they dropped their old ways for the new, as it was obvious that the Cods seemed a much happier people. With all the busy bustle of the town growing, the quest was forgotten.
Lord Andly and the Cod King decided to reward Gram and his family for all their good hard work and showed him a map. “Gram,” the king said, “find yourself a nice chunk of land where your princess daughter in law, can raise a beautiful daughter for one of my young sons to marry.” Gram’s chest burst with pride and gratitude, he looked over the map but had no idea what kind of land it was. Rocky, green fields, forest, or beach sand land. He knew little and asked for some time to see the land for himself, and it was granted.
So, one so beautiful day, Gram left Max in charge, and the family embarked on a short journey to get an idea of what land was his for the taking. It was a much-needed vacation as once away from Codland Castle, the towns, and villages, people became sparse. Watching the maps and taking their time, they finally came to a decision to take what seemed to be a combination of fields and forest, quite surprisingly perfect. They sat down to dinner and made plans to build a huge manor house, with a large garden like the Cods have, and servants, happy servants, like Cods have, and it must be big enough to raise a few generations, they laughed.
The next morning, they mounted their horses and headed back for Andly. With high spirits and happy hearts, they leisurely made their way through a wide-open meadow, a dry riverbed; a quiet road through the forest.
Carlton who was in the lead suddenly stopped and hushed the jovial chatter. They sat quietly, watching for the slightest out of place sound, or movement. Something didn’t feel right, and they started to back out of what looked like a possible ambush spot. But the war was over, and they were clearly in Codland territory, Carlton rationalized. He relaxed his shoulders and lifted his hand away from his sword. But before he could apologize for his disturbing false alarm, the enemy fell from the trees and ran out into the road blocking and surrounding them.
Gram and Carlton fought back, and the ladies made a run for it. But four against twenty failed. Gram was badly injured, and the women were captured. Forced into a cage on the back of a wagon, they were hauled away, despite heavy protest. During the long ride, Malinda made a crude bandage for Grams badly wounded leg, but he was in poor condition.

35.
THE LITTLE KING
That night Carlton apologized to Ellanora, he confessed to her bewildered face, that he had lost sight of their dream. A land of peace, far from the darkness that plagued them and now, not even the Cod lands were safe. Gram could not help overhearing and agreed, they had let a fleeting comfort rob them of the true quest and now may never live to see it.
The next morning Carlton was dragged out of the cage with his mother screaming, “Water, Carlton, my son, we need water, please.” He could hear the cage slam shut behind him. Looking around he saw a small army. They must be refugees from the Hummy, he thought. But there was a larger group of women and children. Why didn’t they run like the others, he wondered? He looked for a possible way to escape but saw none.
With his hands still tied from the night before; he was led into a large tent and pushed to his knees. He considered the chances he would survive whatever this was and it didn’t look good.
A man with a war-torn look sat on a large makeshift throne. He seemed bored, not a good sign. “Why were you in the forest?” he asked like he didn’t really give a dam.
“I was about my business, I’m a free man, I owe no allegiance to anyone,” Carlton answered with a gruff voice and a hard stare. A soldier approached the man and whispered in his ear, and he paid closer attention.
“You’ve been recognized…, from the battlefield, Wardeen.” Carlton held his gaze. “The war is over.”
“Not for all, and no doubt you spilled Hummy blood at the border.”
“And you didn’t spill Wardeen?” Carlton spats. “I’m not your enemy, and you aren’t mine. There is no more Wardee, there is no king, I belong to myself.”
• • •
The man sat quietly for a moment, “Were you any good? You know the Sawtee betrayed Ryan and killed him.”
Carlton narrowed his eyes, “He deserved it.”
Again, the man asked, “Why were you in the forest? Where were you going? You’re well dressed like a Cod, but you’re obviously Wardeen, you’ve horses and provisions. Where were you headed?”
“As far away from this hell as I can get.” Carlton’s mind was set on one thing… the Inland, but he wasn’t about to give this guy something to laugh at.
The man was fed up. “Put him to work.”
“What?” Carlton yelled out, “Stop I’m not your enemy, you can’t just haul me off. You have no right; I’ve done nothing to you. Set us free.” He fought but with his hands tied, he was led away, but just before they dragged him away, he heard the man ask for the girl next. It was all going wrong.
Ellanora was led to the tent. With only a few smudges, she was pleasing to the man’s eye. “Madam, can you tell me who you are and why you were in the forest?” He asked politely. With a faint smile, she answered.
“I am Ellanora, princess of the now lost Wardeen kingdom. The young man is my husband Lord Carlton, and we travel with his mother and stepfather. We…” she hesitated, were on our way to Andly, but have since changed our minds.” She lost her smile. “We travel to the Inland” expecting him to chuckle, she held her head high and blinked a few times. If you would be so kind as to return our horses and set us free, we will be on our way. We mean you no harm.
He leaned forward, resting on the side arm of the chair. “Inland?” there are no settlements there, no towns, nothing? It’s hostile territory, why would you go to that place?
“There is a story of a new land, untouched, we want to go there, live there, far from your wars and madness.”
He leaned back chuckling. “My madness, madam, the place you seek is full of savages, you haven’t a chance, you’ll be cut down within a day. There is no such place.” shaking his head, “That’s why no one lives there. It’s a mad dream.”
A small boy came out from behind the makeshift throne. He looked in awe at the lovely princess. “Is there really such a place?" Ellanora nodded yes. The excited little boy cried out joyously, "I’m King Erick, my father told me about it. He said it was mine and one day he would claim it for me but…,” he looked down sadly for a moment. "but now there’s only me." Quickly pulling himself out of the mood he continued, turning to the man, wide eyed, "That sounds like the perfect place for me to set up our new kingdom, far from the Sawtee.
The man puckered his brow, "Your majesty this place is but a fable, a made-up story. These are strangers, Wardee, the enemy, we can't just follow them.
“My father believed it. I want to go there!” the little king demanded. He eyed Ellanora, then whispered something to the man who leaned back and with a harsh scrutinizing gaze he spoke.
"The King has seen fit to grant you your lives. Your men will work, and you will come each day to teach the king his lessons.
Ellanora was stunned, “What?” I am not your prisoner. You have no right to hold us against our will,” she blasted. The little king ran up and took her hand.
“No, no, I need you to teach me and show me how to get to the new land. Please?” she looked into his adorable, sweet face and said nothing. He turned to the man, “Lord Flankin, be nice to her. We want her to stay. Flankin took a moment to think.
“Ok, you’ll be given provision as best we can; your things returned but not your horses. Ellanora didn’t look satisfied, “and that’s the best I can do.” She stood silent, feeling beaten; she looked into the child’s eyes and nodded slightly.
It was close to dark when Carlton was released and led to a small tent. Inside he was so relieved to find his family, they even had a table. It was awful but just to stand up straight was a blissful relief, so much better than the cage. Gram was well bandaged, and there was food, not much but better than nothing. The beds were just piles of straw on the ground, but Carlton was grateful to just lie down. Gram was still suffering and came down with a fever. But after finally getting the much-needed medical attention, good food and clean water, he started to recover. It was no time to plan an escape.
Recognizing a few faces from the battlefields, Carlton tried to keep his face out of sight, but eventually, he was separated and put to hard labor. Ellanora slipped him food and tried to keep his spirits up as she was sure she could convince the young king to grant his freedom.
The camp kept moving in no real direction, and all along the Hummy kept a close eye on them and a few other Wardee families that had escaped execution.
Carlton mingled and made small talk about the Inland, which the Hummy found entertaining but made fun of. However, the wandering was becoming exhausting, and the Inland started to look like a possible refuge.
Gram discovered these people were sadly the last of the Royal House of Hummy. Elmock’s youngest son was now King and this ragtag band of a worn-out army, and a few nobles were all the fight they had left. Gram thought perhaps an escape was a good idea for Carlton and Ellanora, as the wanderings of such a large group of mostly women and children could never survive. But before he could make his suggestion, Carlton's loyalty was called into action.
The Sawtee had been spotted a day or so away and it was well known they would not stop their pursuit until the boy king was dead. Flankin swore not to let this happen and had a strategy. They would meet the Sawtee far from their camp weakening them, giving the women and children time to escape even farther away.
Although he did not trust Wardee refugees, Flankin was beginning to have second thoughts about the Inland, at least it was an option, and the Sawtee weren’t likely to follow. He went even as far as sending scouts. The end result, they didn’t return.
The little king had overheard Flankin discussing the Sawtee and told Ellanora. This was not just bad news for the Hummy, but anyone in their camp would also be at risk. She told the little king that Carlton was a great warrior and his talents were wasted as a laborer.
It wasn’t like Flankin hadn’t thought the same thing. He was desperate for trained men, and Carlton was recognized as a worthy recruit.
Finally convinced, he called Ellanora to find out, what was the heat in Carlton’s heart. After telling him what her father had done, Flankin was at rest with Carlton’s allegiance, it was with her.
He called the dirty worker to lunch with him. He was given water to wash and was seated at a table with some fruit, water, bread, and cheese. The smell of the fruit made him slump in his seat. Flankin entered and sat, “Eat,” he motioned, Carlton’s weakened hands shook as he reached for an apple. Flankin poured them both water and broke bread. “By now I expect you know who and what we are. I have a proposition for you. Plain and simple, you fight for me, and I will set all of you free.”
Carlton’s eyes wandered. There was a problem; he couldn’t see how the Hummy stood a chance against the Sawtee. But… but maybe this would give him a chance to assess the surroundings and plan an escape.
The crease between his eye softened, and he nodded, Flankin reached out his hand, and Carlton shook it thoughtlessly. The two men finished eating, and Flankin took Carlton outside and introduced him to Captain Crane as if the two were best of friends.
Suddenly life changed again. Carlton was allowed back with his family. He told them of his plan to find an escape as soon as possible but didn’t get the response he expected. He got no response at all. The reason was soon made clear. During the day, the little king would drop in and play stones with Gram and was quite the delight of the family. They had fallen in love with him.
Finally getting a clue, Carlton asked, “What are we to do?” he whispered, “If this half beaten nothing of an army comes face to face with the Sawtee, we haven’t a chance.”
“Don’t worry so much… You will think of something.” His mother smiled.
“Yeah, not like I can do much running.” Gram grumbled.
Ellanora placed her hand on his shoulder, “With you on the field I know we stand a good fighting chance. Besides, if we just keep moving, eventually they’ll give up.”
Carlton stepped back and eyed them all, “Ok he’s a fair little boy, and while I was away you all fell in love with him. But that doesn’t change the fact that we cannot save him. I have no intention of dying here. I will find an escape, and you had better be ready.” He stormed out of the tent. The family said nothing but knew he was right.
Carlton trained all day every day and started to stand out from the others. He was good, but he had to be, he had yet to see an escape and his family still didn’t support the idea. When Carlton could take no more, he decided to speak his mind among the captains and Flankin. I know you don’t believe in the Inland, but at least you could find some refuge in the forest for a while.
Flankin laughed out loud, and the others joined, he pounded on his chest and belted out, “There are worst savages in that dark forest then the dam Sawtee. Carlton felt like a fool… again. They patted him on the back, and the meeting moved on.
Often, he went out on scouts, he could easily escape himself, but that was completely out of the question. For all the moving around they did they could have been in the Inland already. And where was Flankin planning to stop? He couldn’t run forever. What about the Cod king, perhaps the child could find sanctuary with him? After all, he is only a child. A king yes but they had treated Ellanora with much respect. Carlton discussed this with Gram who replied, Carlton, haven’t you noticed, we seem to always head northeast but never west? We are blocked; they have no intention of allowing us to reach Codland.
Perhaps I could get, just the child through, of course all of these people would be noticed, but just us, a family with a small boy, what’s suspicious about that?
Gram smiled, “We can try, let’s ask.”
Carlton closed his eyes that night with the hope that his bright idea would be seriously considered. But his eyes were opened way early in the morning to the sound of shouting, running and the clatter of battle armor.
Boots on in a flash, he stepped out to find two Sawtee spies had crept into the camp. They were killed before they had a chance to report, but this meant they were way too close and the Hummy camp packed up before the sun rose and was on the move again.

36.
THEY ARE UPON US
Flankin gathered his captains and hashed out plans to slow the Sawtee. The camp moved on, and the small army set a trap. There was digging and tree cutting all day and into the night. Flankin marked the places where they were to dig and, in the end, there were so many deadly traps, one was afraid to move, less you forgot where they all were. Mock tents were put up and weed stuffed soldiers sat about as if normal. At night they lit large campfires to draw them in.
Stretched along the outskirts of the trap maze the small army waited three days before Flankin’s scouts came running back shouting their coming. It was too quiet, so they sang and shouted until the Sawtee ambushed the deadly camp.
• • •
Carlton never had a chance to raise his sword. It was all over so quickly. The Sawtee flooded the camp falling into the spear filled pits. The wave kept pushing, in the confusion they ran and fell into other pits and were impaled. By the time they figured out what was happening the Hummy were right behind them and it was too late.
It was a massacre they had killed hundreds without suffering a single wound. Flankin gained newfound respect from his men, and Carlton looked upon him in awe. “Just maybe we could survive somehow…, ‘no,” he thought again.
Flankin knew this was just another wave of battle and wanted there to be a buffer between the Sawtee and the little king, so he rallied his fragile army reminding them what they were fighting for, the very existence of the Hummy people. When the group dispersed, he called Carlton aside, "Make one wrong move, and I will gut you apart like nobody has ever been found. The two men exchanged a hard, ruthless look between them.
• • •
Within a day the first battle ensued, and it was three days before the Sawtee drew back. Though the Hummy were fewer in number they fought furiously, for little to lose was all they had left. By this time Carlton had built a new reputation for himself a fearless warrior and Flankin had to admit he had had his back a few times.
Overnight the Sawtee had retreated and all but gone, and the Hummy breathed a sigh of relief and headed to their campsite rendezvous.
The Hummy were thinned out in a long line, almost single file, casually making their way through a shady, secluded dry river gorge, maybe just half a day away from the camp. The Sawtee followed for miles hoping they would lead them to the last of the Hummy and the little king. When there were no trees or stones to hide behind, they decided to attack.
The Sawtee hit with an unending on slot of warriors. The intention was obvious, and so was the outcome. Though the Hummy fought their meanest, it was clear this was the end, and with the Sawtee flanking on three sides there was nowhere to retreat.
Realizing he was facing certain death, Carlton pulled his strength from a deep dark place and slew every Sawtee in his path. For every one he took down was one his family would not have to face. Then the horror of the moment came, he felt himself being pulled from behind at the collar by a powerful grip. At any moment a blade would go through him, a quick chill ran over his body, he tasted blood from clenching his teeth. It was Flankin, he swung his sword and blocked the, prepare to die blow, Carlton threw and with his knuckles hard against Carlton’s chest, he pushed him from the center of the chaos.
In that instant, Carlton wondered what his intentions were? It made no sense and knocked Carlton out of his mindset. Flankin’s head was bleeding and had run down into his mouth. His nose was right in Carlton’s face. His bloody red teeth and lips webbing as his foul breath belched loudly, “Go, go to your other land… and take my king. Go, go now, their lives are in your hands!” The intense look in his eyes and sound in his voice was like nothing Carlton had ever experienced. It was a threatening, grave, dire, desperate pleading.
Carlton felt the hair on his head stand on end and he ran and was not followed. Just before him, stood an abandoned horse, Hummy or Sawtee he had no idea, he took it. His mind warned not to look back, just keep going but he looked just in time to see Flankin lose his head from behind.
This was it, the moment Carlton had feared since their capture, and he had just had the fate of the Hummy people placed in his hands. Spotting tail tell signs he was getting close, Carlton was surprised at how fast he had reached the camp. But there was no time to waist, there was no way to tell how far behind the Sawtee were. Every second counted.
Riding into Camp, he stopped at his tent first, yelling to Gram, “Pack up, we must run, the Sawtee are upon us.”
No time for questions, he grabbed a startled Ellanora and headed for the king’s tent. “There is no time to explain,” he bit. “I need you to convince Erick we need to run… now”
“Flankin?” she panted?
“He’s dead, they are all dead. I’m only alive because he pushed me out and sent me back.”
Inside Erick was eating with Bresilla, Flankin’s wife. Shaken by the sudden intrusion, Bresilla stood near the child when Carlton entered the tent, him being left in her care.
Carlton calmed his voice. “King Erick, we must leave now, right now!” “The Sawtee are on my heels, we must leave quickly.”
“What?” Bresilla clenched her gown.
• • •
Carlton explained, “Madam, I am sorry to tell you, your husband has fallen,” Carlton gave a sympathetic glance to Flankin’s now widow but turned away, when he saw the bad news had affected him more than she. “But we must leave now, or your king will suffer the same fate.
The look on the child’s face was heartbreaking, he was clearly lost, suddenly abandoned, fear made him shiver. Carlton kneeled down and opened his arms; and before Bresilla could stop him, the little king held Carlton tightly and broke out into tears. All the regal bolstering was stripped away by death, and only a little boy was left.
“Go!” Bresilla griped, “go where? We can’t just pick up and run. And why would he send you, you a Wardeen to charge over us? I have no inten…,
Erick interrupted, “No, Bresilla, he tells the truth, Flankin told me if Carlton returned alone, I was to go with him. Bresilla crossed her arms and stormed out of the tent. Ellanora packed a few of the king’s things in a sack, and as the three left the tent, they were then greeted with a small crowd of women, “Where are you taking our king?” they sneered. Bresilla stood with her hands on her hips. Carlton roared. “We are going to the Inland, you may come if you please but we are leaving right now, and I’m not waiting. Flankin’s lost, and the Sawtee are upon us. So move!” And he pushed his way through, with the king in his arms. He put him on a horse along with Ellanora and pointed, “go north and don’t stop. She hesitated, and he shook his head no, and shouted with his eyes wide, “Go!” and she rode off.
• • •
The camp was in turmoil, people running, and shouting, grabbing and throwing everything into the few wagons. Carlton paid no attention but only to the whereabouts of Gram and his mother. He checked his tent and found it empty. But a loud voice cried, “Take your horse,” he turned to find Gram driving the king's wagon and pulling the horse he had found at the battle site.
“Go north!” Carlton cried out in a cloud of dust. In a reckless roar of thundering horses, they headed toward the inland. Carlton watched and waited for no one but his own. As far as he was concerned his family and the little king was all that mattered. The others would just slow them down and get them killed.
They rode all day and night and all the next day, stopping only to drink and eat quickly. By the second night, they made camp without fire, and their numbers were few. It looked as if they had scattered. This would slow the Sawtee. Carlton and Gram thought they should reach the forest by late noon the next day. Carlton took his horse and backtracked part of the night to make sure they weren’t followed.
Two days deep in the forest, Carlton scouted a few miles and saw no one trailing. They rested for three days to let stragglers find their way. And in that time the camp numbers rose from eight to over eighty. With all the complaining and snaps about how ridiculous the idea of Inland was, with all the talk about how dangerous the forest was, Carlton was surprised to see they came, almost all were found even the captive laborers who were now free.
Captain Crane’s father had gone back to the battle site and found his wounded son and a few others. They swore they were not followed. This was true, as no Sawtee were ever seen beyond the forest. Carlton wondered if the Sawtee could have really been that afraid. All in all, he was glad to see Captain Crane, and likewise, apparently Flankin had discussed the (if all fails plan) go with Carlton to the Inland. This set the Hummy somewhat at ease.
Two more days deeper and it was like a new world. Quiet green and teaming with lots to eat, there was talk of making a settlement right there.
Carlton was in awe at the way the little king clung to Ellanora, she barely made a move without him. This infuriated Bresilla but what could she do, the little king wanted little to do with her. With her husband gone the King had severed all ties and felt secure in the company of Carlton, Ellanora, Gram, and Malinda, who seemed to radiate warmth from the heart. For in their eyes he wasn’t a king but a sweet child who sat on their laps and exchanged kisses and hugs, smiles and laughter. Bresilla tried to cause a scandal but the Hummy people saw he was so happy they let it be, as they had enough problems of their own.
• • •
Life on the run was extremely difficult for the Hummy, especially the women. They were used to wasting all morning on their hair and face. They were good at mending clothing and most had a knack for cooking provided all was laid out on the counter waiting to be dropped in a pot. And you would never catch a noble Hummy woman plucking feathers from a bird, let alone killing one. But now there were no beautiful mirrors to look into, no jewel encrusted combs and brushes, no free flowing water to soak in, no sweet scented anything. But as depressing as it was, the run for their lives kept them alert and watching their backs, this was no time for feeling sorry for yourself.


PART 4

37.
THE GREEN
It was strange how the forest seemed to grow in layers like peeling away at an onion, the deeper they went, the thicker it got. After a few days, it was questioned whether they were headed in the right direction, were they going in circles? And whether the forest people existed at all. Some thought, with the forest so lush and teaming with game, it may be the perfect place to resettle.
Carlton had no plans to camp longer than a few days. He knew the only thing keeping the Sawtee at bay were the horror tails of the Forest people. Besides such a wonderland wouldn't be just laying here for the taking, it belonged to someone, and they were in no position to battle for anything. Days passed, and it became clear, the Sawtee were not following, in fact, there had been no sign that anyone had ever lived there, not even the feeling someone was watching. But Gram persisted “Yes, they are here, and they do exist.”
It had been a month, and the people became restless until finally Carlton stopped near a small river. They made camp, and after a few weeks, there was talk of cutting down trees and building homes and planting fields. The wounded recovered. Carlton, Captain Crane, and Gram discussed the idea of staying right where they were, but this was not what Gram had promised. They gathered the people and had meetings where Gram tried to encourage them to keep moving. That the forest people truly did exist and that a new world was just beyond that. But they wanted none of it. They wanted to settle in. To them, this was the new world, and it was perfect.
As the people settled in, Carlton and Crane took the medallion and went on a journey to find the forest people while the others rested including his stepfather who still nursed an ailing leg. Gram would do his best to keep the people from settling in too deep.
Carlton and Crane had always treated each other with respect but being alone in such a strange place added a new layer of bonding. There was lots of time for conversation about one another’s past. Crane lived on the border of Wardee when he was a young boy, and when he thought of Ellanora, he realized he had a story. It was an aha moment for him when Carlton went on about being beaten blind, and the strange woman who had helped him.
One night over a campfire, after eating his fill of fish on a stick, after he had thought about it a bit, Crane asked Carlton if he knew her real mother.
“Once, when I was just a child, I really can’t remember her, why?
Crane sat quietly for and moment hashing it all together in his mind. “You know of the scandal that surrounded her birth?
“What scandal?” Carlton sat up and frowned.
“Oh nothing, sorry, I must have been thinking of one of Eick’s sisters. Crane hushed and stayed quiet until Carlton recalled his mother’s odd response to Ellanora not marrying him, and he had to ask.
“Crane, what do you know or think you know? My mother once told me something, but I didn’t get the whole story.”
Crane got comfortable lying on his duffle. “Well as I said, I was just a boy, and we would have never known if King Ryan hadn’t made such a fuss, he was furious and put a bounty out for her head.
“Who’s head?” Carlton raised his voice and leaned in.
“Ellanora’s mother of course.
Carlton crinkled his brow, “What, what are you talking about, the queen never had a bounty on her head!
“Not her, Queen Noreena, the sister, at least that’s who they think she was. You’re a nobleman, you should know or at least your family, Gram has to know something.”
Carlton crouched close to the fire and threw in a few small branches. “Tell me, who was this Noreena?”
“I was a young lad then, but it was all the excitement after the war. Everyone watched King Ryan to see what kind of ruler the Tinnin had left in place.
The story go’s Ryan had to marry one of the Tinnin king’s daughters to seal the deal. Ryan didn’t like the idea as he had just lost his wife at the hands of a Hummy handmaiden a few years before and swore he would never marry again. Word was, when he scoffed at the idea, the Tinnin King told him he would send two of his daughters, and he could have his choice, then laughed loudly, making Ryan suspicious.
Ryan reluctantly waited for his bride, and as Tee had promised, he sent two, two twins, identical twins. They were a matching pair in every way. They made an effort to confuse everyone. Their baggage was all the same. They demanded to sleep in the same room; they wore the same clothing and made up their hair in the same way. Their voices were the same and also their giggles and laughter.
The king found it amusing and entertaining as they were also gifted, one could read minds and the other could tell the future. They were also quite exotic and pleasurable to look upon. He flipped a coin to choose his bride. Was it Ellareena or Norreena? The wedding was set, and his queen was crowned. Little did the king know that the tricky sisters had switched places and he married one and crowned the other.
They shared the duties of wife and queen, whether in the king’s bed or next to him on the thrown and other than a few questionable moments he was hardly the wiser. This went on for at least a year, and Ryan could not have been happier.
Then the day came when the Queen told the king she was with child. He was so happy, but then her sister was also with child. This perplexed him, for he had only slept with his wife the queen. He felt he had been made a fool of. In his anger, he separated them, one on one side of the palace and one on the other. Who was who, still no one knew. Ellareena saw the anger in his mind and Norreena warned him, he would pay dearly if he kept them separated. But he would hear none of it.
As the big day came closer, the sisters noticed they had lost their gifts. Ellareena could no longer read minds, and Norreena could no longer tell the future. This meant that the gift would be passed on to the child.
Lonelier then they had ever been in their lives, they suffered the separation poorly. Ellareena was no longer able to read the king's mind, but her child could sense the king’s fury and dreaded coming into the world. But Norreena, though she suffered the loss of her sister, saw a bright future for her child. Her child would one day rule over a brave new Kingdom.
The sisters looked forward to their delivery date, for not only would they be with their newborn babes but they would once again be united with each other.
On birth day, however, the king, still not sure who was his true Queen and wife, declared, “The first one to give me a son, will be my true wife and Queen. And the other shell be put to death, so I will never have to wonder who is who again.”
Ellareena gave birth first, and she had a boy, but he was in frail health. Upon his arrival, his mother retrieved her gift and read the Kings mind. “She was devastated, yes she had the son, but the evil plan the king had was unbearable.
On the other side of the palace Norreena gave birth to a baby girl and having no idea what the king’s plans were, she waited impatiently for him to arrive so she could tell him the magnificent future the child was blessed with.
King Ryan dashed to Ellareena’s room, to embrace his son and declared her his true queen. But as he held his son for the first time, the newborn babe looked into his eyes and died. The devastated king staggered and laid the dead child back in the arms of his frail mother. He shook it off as he exited the door and headed to the other sister but there awaited his daughter. He was not happy, and before she could tell him of the wondrous future she had, he had her and the babe thrown in the dungeon awaiting a public execution.
The angry King threw the palace into chaos. So much dark emotion made it hard for Ellanora to read any minds clearly. She couldn’t find her sisters mind, but she could feel her distress. Strong enough to leave her bed, she finally found a servant who described everything that had happened.
That night Ellanora and the servant sneaked down into the dungeon and bribed the guards to release her sister. Norreena told Ellareena of the child’s exceptional future and that the baby’s true home was there in the palace to be raised a royal princess. Norreena assured her sister she would be alright and Ellareena promised to raise the child as her own.
When Ryan saw the child and heard Norreena had escaped he sent his men to find her but Ellareena reminded him that this would sorely anger her father. Though the sister never saw one another again, it was said Norreena never lift Lapuslandee and always kept an eye on her daughter.
Crane shifted his body a bit, “Anyway that’s why her name is Ella-Nora.”
Carlton sat quietly flashing on some of the things the old woman in the woods had said. He had thought it was all about him, but it was truly about, perhaps her daughter, Ellanora. And to think he never actually saw the woman’s face clearly.
Carlton stirred the fire a little, and Crane added. “I’m so surprised you never heard the story before, but you are much younger than me. You should know that that story is one reason Flankin believed in you and your new world dream. Well, good night.” And he turned on his side and fell asleep.
Carlton laid back watching the stars through the gaps in the treetops. He wouldn’t sleep easy, just when his confidence was starting to fade, he felt more motivated than ever.

38.
THE MISCH
In the meantime, Gram was having a hard time keeping the people contained. Bresilla was still a nuisance, and worse, with Carlton and Crane gone, she bolstered the idea of settling down right where they were and started rumors, one being that Carlton was lost and never coming back.
Despite Gram’s insistent protest, a large group wandered off to stake their claim. They walked for a day when they noticed a clearing just up ahead. Wide open and not too far from the river, it might be the perfect spot, they thought until they got close enough to see it wasn’t just an abandon open area. Someone had been there and what they left was horrific. Men drew their weapons, women covered their children’s eyes and backed out.
Heads skewered on post, ragged skeletons slung in the silent breeze. Skulls strung like garlands draped from tree to tree. A huge slab lay under a high limb with a rope dangling, covered in dried blood. The slab was also covered with dried blood and grooves and holes where blood could drain into vessels still sitting underneath, along with many other covered bloody jars. Three large pits lay filled with blackened human bones. There were no witches or cannibals lurking, but there were in the minds of those witnessing the gory discovery.
It was easy to see this was a mistake and whoever had built such a place would surely enjoy their slaughter. Slowly and quietly they backed out, weapons ready, keeping an ever watchful eye out for this wicked enemy.
Bresilla had made a mistake from what they had just witnessed, and before they could hold her accountable, she came to the conclusion that Carlton and Crane must have had the misfortune of encountering the savages. She stirred up more resentment against Carlton and Gram for bringing them there in the first place, forcing the blame away from herself.
They swiftly and quietly returned to camp and made plans to leave the forest. When they confronted Gram with their discovery, he denied such a thing could be. But he couldn’t deny they had seen something, they were frightened and started to pack up. This was no problem until they demanded the king leave with them.
If there was ever a time when Gram needed Carlton, it was right now. Even Malinda and Ellanora admitted not being able to sleep as comfortable. Gram knew that when the time came he wouldn’t be able to stop the Hummy from taking their little king and he may have to leave himself if his family no longer believed the quest was a safe one.
Without Grams blessing, small groups started to leave. Eventually, Gram had a heart to heart with the little king and the ladies. King Erick wanted to find the Inland, “Where is Carlton, he’s supposed to take me to the new land? I don’t want to go back, aren’t the Sawtee still hunting me. I don’t want to die.”
Malinda opened her arms to her lap, he leaped on, and all eyes were on Gram as she ran her fingers through the child’s flock of curls. Gram felt the pressure and leaving meant a lot of things. Pros and cons, what about Carlton? How could we leave him, it was like saying he was dead. And out of the forest meant death, surely the Sawtee would kill the king if they found him. On the other hand, with everyone gone, they would be vulnerable and have to fend for themselves, not that he believed in forest savages.
Gram looked into the child’s eyes and smiled, “Yes, we will stay; we will wait for Carlton and Crane. Who knows they may be back tomorrow!”
Erick’s eyes half mooned with his smile and the ladies approved with softer expressions of relief. No one wanted to leave Carlton and Crane behind. And not everyone was so quick to leave; Crane’s wife and three sons took up a campsite close to Gram, along with others.
Bresilla and a small gathering of Hummy demanded their king accompany them out of the forest, but Gram refused, and Erick fought back and would not go, leaving them with no choice but to leave him behind. Especially after what they had seen, they felt they had no time to lose.
Two days later the count was down to only forty-four, all women and children except Gram. They made weapons and kept an ever vigilant eye.
After they journeyed for days with not a single soul in sight, they too began to wonder whether the stories of the forest people were true or perhaps they just died out. Carlton and Crane laid back to take in the bounty. Carlton was thinking twice about moving forward to the land Gram spoke of. Relaxed, he reached for his water bag, and a sharpened rock flew right threw it pinning it to the tree he sat by. His eyes fixed on it, and his heart pounded in awe, “The forest people.”
Shaken out of his relaxed daze, he quickly scrambled behind the tree, but another rock zipped passed him so close he froze. To go for his dagger would have been suicide and Crane was no better off. He was fastened to the ground. It was obvious they were surrounded, he cried out "I'm called Carlton, he moved out into the open with his arms out to his side and hands up and empty.
Two emerged, all green, with vicious animal faces. “Beast, walking on two legs, look at those huge teeth!” Crane whispered as he stumbled to his feet, bumping into Carlton. But as they got closer, it was just paint, and Carlton’s heart calmed a bit. The other five were green from head to toe, painted like leaves with branches. No wonder they never saw them.
They said nothing but were pushy and aggressive in their search. “My name is Carlton, I come in peace, I have something to show you,” he persisted, but when he reached for the medallion, his motion was met with a dagger. Still no words, they seem to be stripping them of all belongings. Carlton kept talking, but no one was listening. He called out Gram's name, hoping they would recognize it; he called for their leader, he begged them to listen, but the men kept stripping them down, like mindless insects.
Days had passed since Bresilla, and the others had gone, and the camp started to settle down and relax a bit. One beautiful afternoon, despite his ailing leg, Gram decided to do a spot of fishing by the river, the children followed, romping through the tall grass and the ladies were out picking wild berries. The sun baked down on Gram, and he fell asleep. A gentle breeze blew across his face, a moment so sweet and content, interrupted ever so slightly by the sound of the children playing in the background. Their laughter led him into a lovely dream.
Gram’s dream took him back to Andly. Everyone was outdoors; it was some kind of feast. The ladies kept bringing platters of wonderful food, food he hadn’t been able to get living in camp, where there were no cooks or kitchens to bake in, so no bread or pastry, just meat, fish, mushrooms, grasses, and berries.
Malinda laid a platter of small hot fruit pies down in front of him but each time he went to eat one he was interrupted by Erick, who snatched them up and gobbled them down so quickly Gram was left just blinking and when Malinda saw they were all gone she screamed… and she screamed again jolting him out of his calm dream. He awakened to silence, no children laughing and not a soul in sight. How long have I been asleep, he wondered? Then a chill binding cry came from the woods. Gram scrambled to his feet and hobbled back toward the camp as fast as his bad leg would allow him and with only a stick to defend himself.
The cries were more numerous and echoed in the shadowy forest, both women and children. Still, Gram was too far away to see anything. It sounded as if they were being rounded up. Finally hiding behind a tree, Gram could see they had been gathered in the center of the camp.
Despite the tails of evil witches and cannibals, Gram could not believe it and felt if he was ever going to get down to the truth, now was the time to confront them. He hobbled out into the open and approached the green men and spoke out with a voice deeper than normal.
“I am Gram, the leader here, we mean you no harm. We are peaceful people; you see only women and children here. Who is your leader?”
Surrounded by hearts of fear, they watched the ambushers who said nothing, and when Gram attempted to move closer, he was halted by the enemy.
After a few moments of tense silence, a leader seemed to emerge through a parting of the way. It was Carlton, Crane and the leader of the Misch.
"What the…", before he could finish the sentence, Malinda broke through the crowd with Gram hobbling behind her.
"You're alive, you found them, she cried."
Gram asked Carlton. “Did you show them the medallion, the lions head?”
"Yes, and it seems you still have a living relative, a very celebrated one… Skippy.”
Gram shook his head, "I don't recall my father mentioning anyone by that name. Carlton hardly made eye contact, and stretched his neck to see the gathering of ladies behind Gram and his mother, finally pushing past them to lay eyes on Ellanora.
She stood impatiently, one hand covering her mouth and the other holding Erick. Erick pulled away and grabbed a leg and held on as Ellanora rushed him with ever so tight hugs and kisses.
So much for the reunion, it left a well dressed, middle aged, fat man, standing. Seeming to be the leader for the moment, he leaned into Gram’s face with a huge smile.
"Yes, yes, my noble man, Skipper is greatly loved by our people. He is our storyteller, and of course, all his stories are about the land on the other side of the Darkness, we call it the Mellow.”
Looking the couple over, “I see you’re injured, let’s get you to town." He motioned, and men came and carried him. “I’m called Satter by the way.”
Just behind Carlton’s mother, stood a wide eyed Ellanora, with the little King still wrapped around Carlton’s leg. He introduced the two to Satter. "This is my wife, Princess Ellanora and our King Erick and most of these are his people.
Satter bent down to the little king, “My, your majesty, a mighty king you must be." He stood up and looked at the gathering and then Carlton, “To rule over so many. I'm not sure what the town govern will say but,” He laid his eyes on a beautiful smiling young Hummy maiden, “looking at some of the lovely women among you, I for one would be delighted with the infusion. Carlton glanced around at the faces of the Misch men and could see that this was to their liking.
So, they packed up, and Satter led them to Mischland. There were a million questions asked and answered. One in particular, was the evil site they had stumbled upon not long ago. The Misch laughed hysterically, "None of it’s real, it's all carved and painted stone. How else were we to keep people away? We have these sites planted everywhere and should we catch someone, like we did you, we strip them down to nothing, take them to the site and let them think they escaped. They never come back!” Satter snorted. Gram joined in the laughter and added, "Let me assure you, this approach is very effective.

39.
SKIPPER
Satter led them through the dense forest to the village. Upon arrival, he opened his arms with a sigh and announced, "We are here, welcome to Mischland." But there was nothing to see, no homes, no buildings, not even a shack or hut. Perhaps they lived underground or in the trees? But there were no tree houses or mounds. Satter moved along as if home was just steps ahead… and then it was, a town, a green town.
The place was filled with trees amid buildings, homes shops all built with rock covered with green moss, ivy or painted green like a tree. Unless you stood in the midst of it, you would never know it was there.
Word of Skipper’s people had already reached the small town, and many came out to welcome them. Gram was most anxious to meet Skipper and hear his long-lost stories of the land on the other side of the swamp.
It was a beautiful town, clean, airy, bright, friendly and the feeling of well being was evident everywhere. In the center of the green town was a grassy clearing where most of the townspeople had taken seats on stumps, stones and the grass facing a small house well covered with moss and ivy.
The leader called a wink, joined and welcomed them. “How delightful it is to find Skipper has a family. We do love him so, and I see you bring a multitude of others, are you all related?” He looked surprised. No Gram acknowledged, "These are Hummy, fleeing from the Sawtee.
He looked over the crowd of women and children and thought, ‘who would want to harm this host of lovelies.’ “We understand the ravages of war. Even here, our history was of three groups of people that could never get along. Our ancestors stepped back and let the other two wipe each other out, and we have been living here for years, peacefully isolated. Your unassuming families will add much needed color and flavor to our lives.
“And yours likewise, we are so grateful, your kindness is refreshing. You see most of the people here,” he looked at Erick, “are being sought to their death. My father told me his father told him of the land beyond the great swamp. Can you tell me anything about it; our wish is to settle there, far from the reaches of any enemy.”
As Gram, Carlton, and Crane walked along with the Wink, the Hummy were surrounded by fascinated Misch. They stared but with smiling faces. Satter led them to food and to Noah who was in charge of settling the new strangers.
They set up camp quickly with the help of many Misch men. A woman could not move without a Misch man waiting to help. The table they laid was lavish, covered with foods they had never seen, and the variety was inviting. The children made friends as if they had lived there all their lives; the place was a roar with screams of laughter.
The kindness was almost unnerving, and Malinda expected to see more women offering to help. A seemingly kind woman about the same age as Malinda explained. We are so grateful you have come. She giggled, taking Malinda’s hands excitedly, “You see we are outnumbered, there are too many men and not enough women.” Looking at the children playing together she cried, “You bring new life!” Now it all made sense, they both needed each other.
The Wink led Gram, Carlton, and Crane to meet Skippy. To their surprise he wasn’t spry, he was extremely old. The last of his family everyone thought, the old man sat outside his mound shaped house and looked as if he were asleep.
“Oh, well,” The Wink turned to Skipper, "Skipper is the only survivor still alive now. All any of us know about the Mellow is what he's told us. And to this day no others have ever gone there.
As the crowd got closer to Skippy, the Wink startled him awake, a young woman patted him on the back, and spoke endearingly "It's okay Skippy, Skippy these are your uncles long lost relatives.” He slowly creaked up to get a closer look at Gram, “Oh yes, the eyes.” and indeed there was a resemblance about the eyes.
Skipper was led out into the clearing near his house, where he often spoke of his adventure. The Hummy and the Misch sat together on the grass as Skipper and Gram exchanged stories. Gram told tales of his family’s life after leaving Misch, and Skippy told the same one he had for years, and even though the Misch had heard it all before, they still loved to hear it.
No one was more fascinated than Gram who had waited his whole life to one day go to the inland, to be fortunate enough to find a living relative, one of the original explorers. Then there was Carlton and Ellanora who wanted to start all over again, in a land of adventure and freedom and Erick the little king who needed a kingdom.
It seemed Skipper was only 13 years of age when he joined his father and uncle and four others to look for the black pollen of a pulper, a yellow flower which when made into a tea had extraordinary healing powers. Unfortunately, it was exhausted before the elementist had a chance to cultivate it. It especially worked wonders for those sick with the failing. So, before another epidemic occurred, six explorers sat out to find and bring plants back for cultivation.
"The swamp was a world of its own” Skipper's eyes wandered, "It was beautiful but treacherous, damp and dark, what seemed to be harmless was dangerous. One had to be very careful where one stepped or laid down to sleep, as the ground would try to swallow you up.” There were gasps in the audience, "One man died, I think a bug stung him in the chest. That night in camp we discovered he was dead. We decided to bury him in the morning but by morning he was gone, only part of the cloak we had covered him with was left.” There were more gasps, “We slept on the tree trunks after that. It seemed like forever, with no sun, no moon, no stars. Strange bug bites left limbs limp and useless for days at a time. On the way back, we ran out of food and ate earthworms.” There was some negative mumbling in the crowd, "No he cried, his hands waved in the air, they were huge and tasty too.” There were more groans and laughter. “We followed the river, for what seemed like a year but it was only a month before the sun broke through.” There was excitement in his raspy old voice. “We started to run toward it, more and more small patches of light blazed through the canopy of trees like a tattered garment until finally… finally, we were blindly wrapped in its warm light.” He wrapped his arms around himself and was silent for a moment.
“Within two days all our affliction were gone, and before us lay a land of such beauty.” He spoke with such passion; his audience was spellbound. “The animals had never seen a man before and had no fear; you could walk right up to them.
The story excited Carlton and Ellanora, without saying a word they looked into one another’s eyes beaming anticipation and held hands tightly.
Skippy concluded that they never saw another soul while they were there and that's the only reason they ever returned, he looked at Gram, “It was lonely, and we made the dreadful trip back, and no one has ever gone since.” The crowd sat silent until Gram took his crutch and stood up "Well we plan to go and claim the Mellows, why should it just go to waste?” And the people cheered.
One would think Erick was Skippy’s grandson, they stayed together from sun up till sundown. They were taken with each other at first sight. Erick was fascinated with Skippy’s appearance. He had never seen anyone that old, cloudy blue eyes with so many lines in his sun spotted face. His hair snow white with rock green beads knotted in and out. His beard was braided like a matt, with some strands dyed green, giving a pattern. He had long cold boney claw like fingers. When he smiled, his teeth were long and in Erick’s opinion dragon like. Erick couldn’t take his eyes off him. Patina kept his home warm and clean. She brought meals and anything else the old man may have needed.
Erick couldn’t stay out of Skippy’s treasure box. In the corner of the main room was a trunk like wood chest, filled with jars of dead bugs, rocks, worn out shoes an old cloak and other junk. But nothing amused Erick more than a book. He had seen all kinds of books in Hummy but none like this one. It was huge, and its cover was like twisted dry leather, rough and ugly. Inside it was filled with drawings of people, landscapes, insects, maps, pressed leaves and flowers.
Skipper had a story for each page and kept Erick spellbound for hours. At times, he would forget a place or name and feel for a stone in his long, long, white hair, claiming they helped him remember.

40.
MISCH LIFE
After a few days, the Wink called a town meeting. It was clear that the Hummy had caused a few dilemmas, which were to be expected but the Misch were not prepared. All Misch had a small garden, all neatly plotted out for each home. They ate fish and hardly any game. Living so isolated, they had few of the finer things the Hummy were once custom to. True the Hum had not enjoyed these things of late but hadn’t lost the desire for them. There was a cultural exchange of lifestyles.
The Hummy were known for two things great food and lovely women. They spent considerable time on their face and hair. But being on the run had put them to shame. They had to rethink things like wasting time on painting your face and fastening flowers in your hair.
The Misch taste in cooking was very bland, flat and colorless. The Hummy were anxious to show them a thing or two. But on another note the Misch had something extremely desirable to the Hummy and if it meant changing all their ways for this one thing they would. Youth, they looked ten years younger than their age. They mixed a sweet plant with fish oil and put it on their skin giving them a green tinge.
Within a month, the camp was all but gone. The lonely Misch men had taken all the Hummy women as wives. There was such harmony, just learning, exchanging of experience and with such, they could accomplish a great deal each day.
The Hummy were so grateful to be taken in with such care, just to be able to sleep in peace at night was such a godsend. And the Misch felt the Hummy brought new life to the village. They never ventured to think a long lost relative would show up at their doorstep with a large group of unassuming beautiful women and children. Suddenly everyone was living in paradise.
As wonderful as it seemed, it could not last forever and so Carlton was questioned over and over, “When are we leaving for the Mellow?”
He would sigh and answer, “Well I’m not sure, you see I’m waiting for my father’s leg to heal.” That was the truth, Gram’s leg had healed, but it had stiffened and gave him much pain. But Carlton himself was in no rush. With the help of the Misch, they built a fine Misch style home where they slept peacefully at night. “Aah, what a blessing it is.” He would say with his arms around his Ellanora as he knotted off to sleep.
Then the Wink called a town gathering, one like the day the Hummy arrived. He stood before the now well mixed group and smiled, “I have called this meeting to congratulate you all on such a fine job of community fellowship.” He went on to thank certain Misch and Hummy for a job well done. “However,” he continued, as close as this place has become a paradise, it is not enough for many. The question has been put to me much lately as to when will we journey to the Wellow. I personally have no desire to leave my wonderful home, but for those of you, who have that adventure burning in your heart, I call Gram, Gram will you please come up and assure the uneasy as to when your adventure may begin?” He looked around until he spotted the crowd parting to let Gram hobble through.
Gram stretched as tall as he could and looked around until he laid eyes on Carlton. He was silent for a moment, then took notice of the crowd’s attentive faces, “After much thought, pondering and consideration… I have decided not to go.” Loud cries came from the stunned gathering. Glancing back at Carlton, Gram spotted him with his mouth ajar and eyes bulging in disbelief. Ellanora looked stunned, but Malinda gave him a gleaming smile of approval.
He raised his hand to quiet them down a bit and went on to explain. “This journey has been a dream of mine ever since I was a young boy. It has been with me from the day my father handed me the medallion. But as life would have it, my injury has caused me to realize, that on such a journey I would be a burden, and it would be awfully painful for me.” The crowd started to rattle again. “That being said, you must know I feel so fortunate to have come this far, finding my people and knowing my son will fulfill the promise I made to my father, to return to the Inland. I leave it all in the most trusted and able hands of my son Carlton.
There was a sudden uproar as the people swarmed Gram and Carlton with hugs, pats on the back and smiles all around. Carlton was speechless, still stunned by what his stepfather had just said. He could see faces but heard nothing. It had never crossed his mind that he might go to the Inland without Gram and his mother.
Crane made his way to Carlton with a big smile of confidence and a tight hand grip of assuredness. Carlton was glad to get it and finally cracked a smile himself. Ellanora lost him in the noisy crowd. Her face flushed with excitement.
Deep in the night, Carlton set alone outside, again unable to sleep. He needed help but were to start, especially when he had no idea how many people were going. After the loss of his father, Gram had been his father, he had an answer for everything, and now Carlton had to face the biggest challenge of his life without him. He cursed the wound on Gram’s leg. At that moment, he heard someone coming. It must be Ellanora, he stirred, thinking she had come to fetch him back to bed. But he was wrong, it was Gram.
Though there was much chatter over dinner, there were still things he needed to say. “Couldn’t sleep?” Gram led, “I needed to apologize for dropping this whole thing on your shoulders unexpectedly. The truth is, it wasn’t until that very moment, that I actually decided I wasn’t going. I couldn’t keep holding back the dreams of everyone else, and if my leg was going to get better, it would have already. I had to accept the truth, and it was only standing there looking into all those hopeful faces, that it overwhelmed me and I needed to put my selfishness aside. I want you to know you are not alone. Take advantage of Crane, Satter, and Noah, they were all at my beck and call, now they are ready and waiting on you. You should have a meeting and don’t forget Skipper. I have faith in you, you know I always have.”
Carlton felt the load lighten and he gave Gram a slight smile and nodded. Gram stood up, “And who knows, maybe this old leg will get better one day, and I’ll join you. He chuckled and hobbled back home with Carlton not too far behind.
The next morning before Carlton could invite Crane, Satter, and Noah to a meeting, he was invited to a meeting. Carlton found seven members in attendance, including a very young man of fourteen and two women. Satter had thought of everything. He beamed as he hardly had to add a word. The little committee anxiously hashed out plans with much enthusiasm and excitement. Then Carlton asked the most important question that he had not heard addressed. How many are going?
The room went quiet. No one had an answer; the number was constantly changing. This was apparent in his own family, Gram and his mother bailed. Satter tried to explain, “We have a list posted, but names are written in and then removed, there’s no way to tell who’s really going.” In a moment of silence that followed that statement, Noah, a handsome young man with a greenish skin tone and green eyes looked Carlton squarely in the face and suggested softly, “Carlton, you must set a date.”
Carlton thought for a second and answered, “We will post the list for one more week. All who are going must be on that list by sundown on the last day.” Sighs of relief and cheerful eyes darted around the table, somewhat ending the meeting.
Noah posted a new list, with the new rules and a seven-day deadline. Atop he printed the words NO EXCEPTIONS!
The small sleepy town was suddenly in turmoil. There were those decided and those pulled, wanting to go but not wanting to leave loved ones. After all, Mischland was a wonderful place and getting to the Mellows was going to be perilous. Did one seriously want to risk his family to start all over again… in the fabled land they had dreamed of all their lives?
Yes, the list grew as if the Misch didn’t realize how blessed their lives were. The Hummy knew and tried to encourage their new husbands to stay. The smaller the group, the better Carlton thought. But that was not to be.

41.
THE TREASURE
Every day Carlton visited Skipper, trying to get as much information as he could. Skipper’s stories were so broken, and he would forget things, start a map and never finish it and mix up stories leaving Carlton a little stressed and baffled. Not one story was complete.
At dinner one night Carlton discussed his concerns with the family. Gram thought perhaps if he came along the next day he could help. Then Erick blurted out with a fist full of bread, “What about his ugly book? It has lots of drawings and maps, and he has jars with bugs and lots of great things in his old chest.”
All eyes fell heavy on the little king. “He has maps?” Carlton cried with eyes wide.
“Well yes, I can show you. It’s like nothing I have ever seen. He calls the trunk his treasure, but there are no jewels, gold or silver. And he cherishes the book the most, he calls it his fortune.” After Erick had gone to bed, the family tried to figure out why Skipper would try to keep the book to himself.
The next morning, bright and early the three entered Skippy’s house, and Erick ran to the trunk, opened it, but the book was not there. Skipper laughed hardily, an old man’s cackle, “I knew you would eventually come for that book. I will give it to you under one condition… you must swear to take me along.”
Gram and Carlton stood dumbfounded, Carlton staggered at the thought of it. “Are you mad he cracked? You will surely die on such a venture. You’ve all but said it yourself.” Carlton’s eyes traveled around the room, wanting to tear the place apart for the book. Gram and Skippy had a meeting of the eyes, and Gram knew nothing they could say would change the old man’s mind.
Skipper sat quietly smiling as the two men stepped back and discussed their options. Carlton was angry, Skipper had wasted his time, and now he held the map for ransom. It was underhanded, and he felt he couldn’t trust him. But Gram convinced him that weather Skipper died or not, he needed that book. He tried to make Carlton stand in Skipper's shoes, the old man had nothing to lose.
Carlton would comply under his own conditions; he wanted every scrap of treasure from the trunk and Erick would account for it all. The old man agreed and held Gram as a witness. A suddenly spry Skipper jumped from his seat and helped Erick cover the table with books, maps, drawings and even a jar and a book full of dried plant samples. Carlton’s anger was quickly replaced with fascination. At which point another problem arose, one with a snowball effect.
It had been taken for granted that Skipper was not going. It had also been taken for granted that young Erick would not go, as he had grown so attached to Gram and Malinda. However, at the notion that Skipper was leaving, Erick insisted he had to go and after some discussion and against his better judgment Carlton agreed. The list that morning was at thirty-three people, mostly Misch.
But when the Hummy found out their king was going, they felt obligated to accompany him. As he was king of nothing, but still their king and they should want nothing to happen to him, with that the number grew, again lots of women and children. Carlton was distraught, suddenly what was to be a life’s adventure became an insurmountable task. He tried to discourage them with Skipper’s dark tales of dire danger and warnings of death. “Six hardy warriors left, and only three returned,” he cried “and only three returned. What do you think your chances will be? At least think of your children.” It did little good; the numbers grew at the thought of a new bountiful Hummy, a new start for everyone.
And when the Misch found out Skipper was going, they pondered just how risky was this journey? By the end of the day, the list had grown to seventy-five people, and there was still three full days to sign up. The list grew. Noah confronted Satter about the possible loss of key persons in the village, people the village counted on for their support and talent.
Carlton started to count his assets one of which had been Gram and his mother. The disappointment slowly lifted from Grams face, his injury unhealed, he really wasn’t up to such a venture anymore. Finding Skipper and his father’s people was reward enough, and Malinda would never think of leaving him.
Noah watched from a distance as he didn’t want to interfere with Carlton’s plans but being a member of the council, he had access to the numbers and found it all alarming. The council advised Noah to take a more aggressive approach. Carlton was most grateful to have Noah at his side, and it was apparent immediately that he had a special knack for coordinating and organizing. Everything started to take shape and come together with order. Carlton took a deep sigh and could sleep that night.
Captain Crane’s name was not on the list, despite his initial excitement and enthusiasm. His wife was undecided. She could see no reason to leave Mischland. For the first time in her life she felt at peace, she could at last relax, as there was no army for her husband to lead, and no battle for him to fight. To her, their lives were suddenly tranquil, and she found no reason to trade that for what promised to be a treacherous journey. Gram and Carlton watched him fret over it but knew it was a decision only they could make.
As the days wound down to hours before the list was to close, the town became strangely quiet and calm. The family was at supper when Noah stuck his head in the door. “Carlton, it’s time,’ he smiled and spoke softly. And Carlton’s table also went silent. It was a bittersweet moment. The parting of loved ones, friends and family.
Carlton’s heart pounded as the two young men ran to the wall where the list was posted. There were three extra sheets hanging to accommodate all the names, and in the end, the count was 89. Doing a quick search on the last list, Carlton blushed a smirky smile finding Crane’s name.
Noah pulled all the list from the wall, quickly rolled them up, and with a smile and wide eyes, he turned to Carlton, “Come to my home for breakfast tomorrow. What do you think, maybe we leave in a week?” Before Carlton could answer, Noah laughed, “Oh we can talk about all that in the morning.” And he ran off.
That night Carlton and Ellanora lay in bed looking at what had happened to their lives in the months since they had been married and were in awe, that they were still alive. Carlton could see the trust she placed in him bouncing off the moonlight in her eyes. She would follow him anywhere. She fell asleep with her head on his chest. He wondered if she could hear his heart dance each time he jumped another hurdle of the journey, in his mind.
Gram and Carlton left early to Noah’s home, hoping to head off the crowd that would surely gather later. Sylvia answered the door, to their surprise, Noah had married a Hummy woman with two small ones. She told them, there were way too many people, so they went to the hall.
The hall was packed, inside and out. They made their way through the loud chatter, papers and numbers being shouted to Satter at one table and the to the Wink at another. Satter pointed Carlton to the back where Noah had Skipper in a corner questioning him. There were two empty stools waiting with their anticipation. After greetings, Carlton covered the table with Skipper's treasures, and he lit up, his mouth never shut as he recalled and then he remembered and then he recalled another thing. By the end of the day, the journey was well planned, and they set the date for the end of the week.
Early the next morning Gram found Carlton at the table with his head in his hands, leaning over the map, sound asleep. The candle had burned down low, and there was barely enough sunlight to see. Gram stood staring at the map, questioning his contentment. His leg was still stiff as a board and painful, Skipper was going to slow things down enough, but all considered, this was going to be a slow trip anyway he thought. But then Malinda entered the dim kitchen, she looked out the window and smiled at the earliest hint of sunshine that captured her face, and he realized, oh yes, he was very content staying right where he was.

42.
THE JOURNEY
Tearful kisses and hugs warmed with well wishes and promises of prayers swarmed the town. Carlton’s mother gave him birds and made him promise to send them home when they arrived in the Mellow. Gram noted that one day the trip may become a lot easier and they may find them at their doorstep.
The plan was to leave early in the morning and good thing too, since Carlton was one of the last to leave and it was already noon. They were well loaded and well prepared, counted, listed and sorted. They had gone over the needs of every person and designated special people for specific task. There was an automatic clustering of people and families. This made it easier to delegate, and no one did that better than Noah.
This left Carlton with one main concern, he was the navigator. And as he watched the eager adventurest disappear into the forest, he felt confident they left no stone unturned. A special chair was made to carry Skipper, which was no problem as Skipper was no more than a bag of bones. But on this first leg of the journey, he fussed that he didn’t need any help and started out on foot. But within an hour Skipper already had to be carried.
For the first three days, the forest was just the same, but on the forth, the view was getting darker, something up ahead, very different. Like an onion each day the forest was thicker, the trees taller and trunks huge. There were fewer places where the sun beamed through.
The children had to be continuously counted as there was a benevolent air of unrestricted openness under the great green canopy producing boundless playing energy. At night, the campfires glimmered a deep orange, and the feast was on. Going from one campfire to the next sharing food, laughs, news, and excitement. Ellanora caused Carlton to take notice that there was hardly a face in camp without a smile including their own. But deep in the back of his mind he knew they still had a long way to go. He kept those thoughts to himself.
Three weeks later the sun was completely gone. It was almost as dark as night all day, and there weren’t as many smiles. The next thing Skipper had mentioned in his tail was the tree roots. They were enormous in size, almost as tall as a man. Nothing Skipper had said would have prepared them for this. The roots seemed to grow on top of the ground and had to be climbed over, it was one hurdle after the other. There were no flat areas. The big livestock was the first thing to be set free. The first cow was impossible, but calf’s, goats, chickens and other small animals were fine. They made their camps between huge roots, giving a cradled effect. It took twice as long to do everything, Carlton sent Crane and two other to scout out a day ahead looking for the easiest path, and this helped.
The next warning, again Skipper had spoken of, but it was nothing like experiencing it. The moss started to appear in patches. It was a beautiful green, thick and firm but soft and cushiony under your feet. But Skipper had given warning, it could swallow a man in his sleep. As the days passed, it did indeed cover everything and had an unstable effect on your footing. If you stood in some spots too long, you would start to sink, and in some cases, the green would take your shoe. One night there was a frightful cry awakening everyone. Only a few campfires were still burning enough light to figure out what had happened.
Standing atop a large tree trunk root, Carlton could hear frantic shouting and torches heading to a crowded spot. A small child was missing. His mother had laid him by her side and awaken when she felt a tug on her bedding as one of her legs started to slowly sink. There was no saving the babe, as the entire area quickly became unstable and started to slowly descend. From then on there would be no sleeping on the mossy ground, camps were made at root crossings.
That incident consumed every last smile, and a daunting reality reminded everyone Skippers stories weren’t just the rambling of an old man. Carlton called daily meetings where a small group of leaders gathered to discuss the travel for the day. Or was it day? It was no longer easy to tell.
Not only was it dark but quiet, like being in a gigantic hall. There were no animals, not even a bird, no insects not even a fly. Carlton suspected the moss had devoured them.
It felt like weeks had passed, but there was no real way to tell without the sunrise. Now it seemed every time they awakened, they were greeted with the same darkness. And after a long day of climbing the hard terrane of tree roots, knowing you actually hadn’t moved very far, was discouraging.
As time went on the group moved even slower, irritable and edgy, the children whined, and someone’s babe was always crying even at night. Just when Carlton knew they could take no more, Crane came running, the fastest thing Carlton had seen move in weeks. He could see his lantern from afar, yelling at the top of his voice, “I found an opening! There is light. There is light!” Carlton wasn’t the only one who heard him, and there were now cries of joy. “We made it! They found it!
Face to face with Crane, Carlton and Noah and Skippy concluded, it was not the Mellow, but the clearing Skipper had spoken about. Also, it would take them maybe three days to travel what taken Crane just a day, but still the mood had changed, and in less than two days there was the tail tell sweet fragrance of the strange flower Skipper had spoken about. And sunlight peeping through the now turning green canopy.
The last day, they pushed themselves and would not stop until they could watch the sun go down. There was an opening stretch, perfect to make camp.
Carlton called all to a meeting where Skippy reminded them what berries and fruit could be safely eaten and warned again about the flowers and the insects the guarded them. The law was laid down that no one was to leave the camp area without permission. Those with children were placed in the center of the camp to better keep an eye on them.
The tree roots had diminished, and the rushing river was open. Crane and his scouts journeyed ahead to see if they could maybe travel the river. He returned with tales of more darkness and that the tree roots covered the river again in only three days. That was six days for the rest of them but a restful six days.
Shortly the smiles had returned, and the sound of children’s laughter rang loudly. It was wonderful just to have your feet flat on the ground, and sit under a normal tree, with the sun all day and the stars at night. Carlton was amazed at how the sun had such a restorative effect on everyone.
The closer they came to the flowers the heavier the fragrance. It caused one to sleep deeper and in some cases making it hard to awaken. The deeper your breath, the loftier your thoughts became.
The sun was setting when Noah stopped to set up camp. The camp was draped in an aura of contentment. Ellanora was laying Carlton’s arms, when he was startled to see Skipper, standing on his own two feet motioning him. “Carlton,” he whispered, “it’s not right, it’s not right the way it is. Can’t you feel it?”
“What’s not right? It looks better than ever, what are you talking about?” Carlton shook his head with a smile.
“It’s the flowers, they have our minds, I remember this part. It was like we couldn’t shake it off. We began to isolate ourselves. If Nate hadn’t joined us a day later, we would have never made it home. It was like dream walking. You know we haven’t moved much at all the last two days.”
Carlton gave Skipper a puzzled look as he walked away shaking his head complaining. Carlton relaxed back into his comfortable seat against a tree, and Ellanora smiled and laid her head in his lap.
The next morning, Crane laid out on some tree shaded rocks at the edge of the river. It had dawned on him that he had tracking to do but it was so cool, and the spot where he laid was so comfortable. It was as if every breath he took opened his lungs ever deeper and just as he was about to nod off, he fell into the river and began to sink. The cold water shocked him out of his slumber.
He dragged his drenched body out of the water and sat trying to understand what had happened. The most puzzling, being the cheese he had laid out to eat was covered with three days’ mole, and a hard apple was shriveled. “Just how long have I been here,” he wondered out loud. He stood calling his men but there was no response, and in that terrifying moment, he thought about his family.
He took a deep breath and felt light headed. He staggered and fell back into the river. Now sharply alert, he climbed out of the water realizing that with every breath he took, his mind seemed to float, he stumbled to his bag pulled out a rag, dunked his head under the water to shake the woozy out, then wrapped the rag around his nose and mouth.
It had to be the flowers, the sweet scent was putting them to sleep. With his mind now sharp, he headed for camp traveling along the river, dowsing himself every now and then to stay alert.

43.
THE DREAMERS
Crane ran back to camp with the warning, but he was too late. With the rag still tied around his nose and mouth, he could see the camp was asleep except for Skipper. “I tried to tell them, but no one would listen,” he whimpered. “They need to be dunked in the river.”
Crane shook some nearby sleepers. “How long have they been sleeping?”
“For days, just like they were dead.”
Crane found his wife and carried her to the river and sprinkled water on her face but nothing happened. Just as fear began to rise in his mind, he heard Skipper's voice behind him. “No, you have to drop her in the water. Shock her out of it. It’s the only way.” Crane held her over the river and let her go. She exploded in the water, fighting, coughing and spitting as Crane watched in awe.
“It worked!” Crane shouted.
“Of course it worked,” Skipper wobbled. “What do you people think; I’m just making this up!”
Crane’s next question was, “Where are my children, where are all the children?” He and his wife ran frantically looking and calling but found no child under the age of ten. They needed help. They dragged the closest sleeper to the river and dumped him in. Coming around he helped dump others and eventually having enough, they left the big guys to do the dumping and ran off to find the children.
Carlton woke to the shock of cold water and was quickly pulled out and given a towel to cover his mouth and nose. Confused, until they explained the sweet airborne euphoric effect on the mind, that is except for the children and Skipper, the very young and the very old.
Crane his wife and others frantically tracked the trail left by the children. Half the day had gone when the sound of a babe crying caught their attention.
The ground had gone from dirt to patchy moss, and the trees had thickened, but the aroma from the flowers was now faint. They came upon a little girl holding her sister, the crying baby. Two young boys stood nearby. Such joy covered their faces to see the adults were no longer the sleeping dead.
When Crane asked where the rest of the children were, he was taken to an extraordinarily beautiful place. It was a huge open circle, as if it were once a pond. But instead of water, it had green moss clumped as if broken blocks. The trees circled the large pond with brakes in their canopy, and a cool light filtered through. At the edge of the pond were pink and bluish, tube like plants. Some were as tall as six feet and others only a foot or so.
Crane could see the other children across the broken moss. But as he attempted to make is way on what appeared to be firm ground, he was stopped by frantic child cries. It was not safe to walk through the pond, as it was indeed just that, a deep pond covered with moss clumps. When Crane attempted to step on one, it sunk and bounced back in place.
Seemingly all the children could be accounted for but one. Damon the oldest, the one Skippy called the leader, was missing. The children explained that the tubes have sweet nectar inside, and when they all ran out onto the pond, Damon stepped out and sank through. The whole pond shifted loosely and closed up as if it had eaten him, he just disappeared. Everyone scrambled for safety in the tube plants. They had been stranded, unable to get past the tubes and afraid to cross the moss pond.
Crane thought for a moment, taking another step, he realized the weight of the adults was causing even the solid moss, to crack and shift underneath them. He ordered everyone to back up to more stable ground.
Alone, he tried to coax the children across, but even his own son wouldn’t chance it. Then Crane called on Erick, as their king he should lead. “Erick my king, you have known me all your life. You must trust me when I swear on my life, that if you come across one at a time, you’ll be safe. Please, you must trust and be the first to lead them to safety.
Erick took a deep breath, tapped his foot out onto the first block and then another and another, and by the middle of the pond, he had a confident stride right into the open arms of Crane. The others followed one at a time until all but Damon had been retrieved.
Moments later Carlton and scores of parents, joyfully united with their children. Crane didn’t want to face Damon’s mother empty handed, so he and Carlton went back to the pond. They stacked the moss blocks, making an open spot to dive into the darkness and find Damon’s body.
The men returned to camp with the child and a few tube plants. A crowd gathered around Auddia, who sobbed over the limp body of her son. It was a cruel reminder of how treacherous the venture was. And they still had to pass through the plant field. They decided to tackle it straightway. Carlton named the tube plants Sweet Damons.
The next morning, they would travel the river, needing an occasional dipping to keep the effects of the aroma in check as it became more intense. Carlton had two men stay awake during the night to make sure they all awakened in the morning.
Then the first flower appeared, alone and beautiful, then another and at last a vast field of the lovely but malevolent things. Along with them, their guardians the large wasps and their nest which appeared as huge honeycombed mounds giving off a thunderous rumbling sound.
Crane reported the river up ahead was lost to the plants and wasp, but the worst of it ended about a mile or so. He left a path following any shaded areas as the plants grew only in direct sunlight.
For the most part, the travelers stayed on the path but without the dipping Carlton urged them to move quickly or be overtaken by the alluring aroma. It was only a mile, but the fragrance was at its strongest. The desire to just stop, relax and take a nap was so overwhelming Carlton, and Noah traveled up and down the caravan splashing stumblers, including themselves, in the face with a cup of water.
At the tree line, the plants stopped abruptly, and the effects of the aroma faded considerably. The flat Ground had a thin patchy layer of the soft green moss making it an ideal place to set up camp.
Just when Carlton and Noah were about to exhale and pat each other on the back for a job well done, they discovered the count was off. Three people were missing, lost, somewhere sleeping. It was dark, and after backtracking once, they left the search until morning. It had been a trying day, and they slept deep and awakened refreshed the next morning.
With their faces wrapped the men went out looking for Damon’s mother, and a young woman and her son. They were nowhere to be seen along the trail they had traveled the day before. Since young children weren’t affected by the aroma, it was decided their best bet was to call out to Toar, the young boy.
Had they fallen in the plants that were about three feet tall? This would make it harder to find them. But in any case, Toar should respond. It was dangerous work, the wasps were everywhere, so they kept an eye out for each other as they combed the field feeling ever so sluggish and calling Toar. Finally, someone cried I found him. He had been stung by the wasp and had lost the use of his legs and arms. He claimed his mother went after another woman, Damon’s mother. He stumbled into a plant chasing her and was stung. He was able to point in the direction his mother ran and not far they found her. When they unwrapped her pretty sleeping face, Noah held a bag of water high enough to make a big splash in her dreamy smile.
Upon awakening, the woman explained, “Auddia, doesn’t want to be found. She pulled the towel away from her face and wandered off. I tried to tell my husband but he and others were so drowsy they couldn’t understand me. So, I went after her, and the next thing I knew was a splash of water in my face. Where is everyone, how long have I been sleeping?”
“Fortunately, your son ran after you, Carlton pointed to him being carried. “Don’t worry he’ll be fine. We need to get you back to camp. Do you recall in what direction Auddia was headed?” The woman pointed toward a wasp mound and shook her head sadly.
The search went on for another day but was called off when the now irritated wasps had taken notice of them and stung two other men, one in the arm and one in the behind, leaving them partly disabled. They carefully collected a few plants, and Carlton named the flower, Dreamer, and the area was called Dreamers Field.

44.
THE LULL
The camp was located just far enough to be safe from the aroma, wasp and any other threats. The wind blew just a whiff every now and then, just enough to keep them a little optimistic.
When it was time to move on, Skipper assured them he couldn’t recall any other menace that may jeopardize the rest of the journey. Within a week, they were in the thick of it again. The dark canopy covered the sky, the twisted trees, and their huge root systems, and the sinking moss was all back.
Crane and his men returned with the first signs of a dreadful hacking cough. They told of a glowing green fog that floated off the river, so heavy it put out their torches. Though Skipper was adamant about following the river, it was decided to veer a distance to perhaps escape this green fog. But one day they awaken to find that while they slept, it had crept in and flooded them.
It was hard to make or keep a fire going. And if you had one the smoke never moved, the torches and campfires kept going out. But after a few moments in the dark, your eyes would adjust to the fogs green glow. It gave an eerie kind of illumination.
The weeks passed and the further they went the thicker the moss and the heavier the fog. Still, there was no sign of sunlight. The cough, and the illness ran through the camp, making the move even slower. In their weakened state of mind and body, some simply disappeared. No one knew when, where, how or why. They were just gone, causing widespread fear of the dark. The fog caused people to see ghostly shapes in the thick green mist. Some say they could hear them whispering or singing soft and beautiful.
Arguments and fights flashed daily. Carlton and Skipper tried to explain, with such a large group, they should expect it would take longer, but that did little to calm. They were in pain and didn’t want to hear what made common sense anymore. They were tired of being in the dark, muggy environment for weeks on end. The move was hard with no flat ground anywhere, just hurdle after hurdle, day after day. And yet another thing…
At first, it seemed so minor, no one thought much of the red blotches appearing here and there on their bodies. The Misch had long run out of their green botanical oil and concluded that without it the red whelps appeared. But then why did the others also have them. The alchemist claimed, “It is only the sun that keeps us all from turning into trolls.” There was no fixing this ailment. And as the days piled on, the sores were turning to bleeding lesions, and almost everyone had at least one, even Carlton’s lovely Ellanora, had one on her face, and he felt it every time he looked at her.
Where Crane and Noah reported to Carlton daily, it was maybe every other day now, and they were a blessed sight to Carlton’s eyes. They held short meetings as they all suffered the heavy lungs. And then one day they climbed out of it, the air became lighter, you could breathe again. But the damage was long lingering, and Carlton called for a few days of rest.
Patina helped Skippy make his way to where Carlton sat by a campfire. She made him comfortable and left them alone. He said nothing, hoping Carlton would speak first but he didn’t.
“I know you're angry with me.”
"Angry with you?” Carlton lashed out, “People are dead, children are dead, missing, just vanished and those of us left are suffering. Most of them never would have come here, they came because you encouraged it and now every day there is more discontent, and I don’t blame them. Even my wife has sores on her beautiful face.” He turned, point blank in Skipper’s face, “Let me ask you something honestly Skipper, are we lost?”
Skipper sat quiet for a moment, the polished stones in his hair popped off and on with the fire dancing in the pit. "All I wanted was to see this place one more time,” his voice shaken. “I think I’ve only lived this long just to see someone else experience its wonders. I wanted everyone to see how enchantingly magical it was. I wanted them to see it wasn’t just lies, a fantasy made up by a crazy old man but a marvel, the perfect place for a new beginning. So, when I saw you, so young and eager…"
He stared at the fire popping little fiery amber bits bursting in the smoke, “I'm sorry my selfishness has caused pain and death, but I assure you, we are not lost, all along there was only one rule, follow the river. It runs even through the Mellow.” He sighed a deep breath and sat up straight looking out into the darkness dotted with light from campfires. “But I must admit, we should have been there already, maybe the river has turned, I'm not so sure.”
Hearing the sincerity and remorse in Skippy’s voice, Carlton soften a bit, "Of course it's going to take longer, we have so many women and children, Skippy, even you move faster than some of them.” They sat speechless until Carlton stood, "It's late, I'll send Patina.” and he walked away.
Poor little Erick watched as other children got sick, some died and a few disappeared. Even in his young wisdom, he could see, there was no guarantee he was going to survive the journey, and in a quiet moment, he made a decision.
Carlton and a few others prepared to take a short hunt for food and Ellanora was busy packing up camp for travel, when people started to gather. Taking notice Carlton and Ellanora dropped what they were doing and followed the flock to find The Little King had gathered his people.
Carlton worried, with all that was going on, he didn’t have time for big changes he had not been informed of earlier. And Ellanora's heart pounded, Good heavens what’s wrong. Erick stood on top a large tree root and smiled putting his people at ease. Once things had settled down a little, he rubbed his hands together, something he had watched his father do when he was alive. Wearing his father’s oversized crown, he took his father’s stance and said nothing for a few moments as his eyes floated over the gathering.
“My people as you have all been gracious enough to accept me as your king, I should let you know that I am in good health. We have been through much and have yet to see the sun. But have faith as I, that it is there, the new kingdom, my kingdom. Far from war and menacing kings. A place where I will not fear for my life and neither will you.
This new home is rich, maybe not in things Kings kill for, but rich and wild and bountiful, as we have already seen. I'm saying these wonderful things to keep us going to keep us moving, I believe every day may be the one.” He dropped his head for a moment. Some of my friends are gone. We have lost or seen a loss of someone we love. I have never been so all alone, but at the same time, I have never felt so much care and love. But knowing I don't know everything, I wanted to leave you in the good hands, hands you trust already." and he looked at Carlton but motioned for Ellanora to come forth and continued.
“Carlton and Ellanora have become my new family, in fact, they remind me of my lost brothers and sisters. Ellanora being of royal blood and a Princess and Lord Carlton and myself, we have lost our inheritance, and at the same time, we seek a new one, believing it was ours all along. Yes, I am King but no more then she is a Princess, and he is a Lord. For this reason, I formally proclaim her as my heir and sister. Forever Princess Ellanora and Lord Carlton of the Mellows Kingdom.
The people gave a hearty cheer as they raised her arm in unity. It was invigorating to see such a stir in the people as Carlton knew they were run down and exhausted. That day they moved at least a mile farther than usual.
Another week passed and still not a spot of sunlight. The alchemist mixed a few concoctions and stopped the persistent cough. But now there was a green fungus growing on everyone’s skin, between the fingers, toes, around the hairline and corners of the mouth and nose. It couldn’t be washed off. It wasn’t painful but was numb to the touch.
Tempers had risen to the point where Carlton had to watch his back, and now when Skippy tried to tell a story, only a few showed to listen, most believed, that with no way to turn back, their fate was death.
Carlton put his arm around Ellanora and cuddled. Looking into the darkness she expressed, "I want to see the stars again my love, will I ever? You know I always saw you in my dreams, but I can’t recall seeing myself.” Her voice was raspy from coughing. His heart broke so he couldn’t speak but held her closer. He wondered if she could feel how her words made his heart skip. He thought of Mishland having received no word, by now they would be worried. He held on and protected the birds, only two left of five. Ellanora, exhausted, fell asleep and Carlton was fading quickly as he confronted his own fears and knew the only way to survive was to keep moving, that this darkness couldn’t go on forever!
Skippy lay just barely breathing, he woke up gasping for breath when his eyes caught sight of a spot of light in the still silent darkness. What was it or maybe his eyes were playing tricks, like they sometimes did? But the light didn’t go away, even after he blinked a few times. He watched it get brighter, and when he saw that it was a star, his eyes widen, and his heart pounded with excitement, and a huge smile crossed his face.
A single point of sunlight, a ray filtered through leaves and fluttered as the wind ruffled the dense layers of foliage. Down it beamed until it hit the ground. As if sent by a giant magnifying glass, this one beam cut through the darkness and ever so slowly traveled across the green moss, into the face of Erick, but he never gave a stir. It wasn’t that long ago that he laid down to sleep. They had lost track of time, was it day or night? No one was truly sure. But the wind blew, and the light flickered annoyingly.
The little King pounced on top of Carlton startling him awake. "What, what" he cried out in pain. "What's happened?" Something was definitely going on, there were shouts and cries echoing from all over the camp. Alarmed, Carlton and Ellanora threw back their covers and jumped to their feet. The little king pointed to a spot in the canopy where the sun was still beaming like a bolt of ongoing lightening. Erick had an ugly sore near his nose, but it didn’t keep him from smiling, and Ellanora had one near her mouth, but it didn't keep Carlton from kissing her.
People were dashing in all directions, there were screams "More sun breaks through up ahead.” An out of breath Crane with red circles around his eyes, burst with joy. “We made it! The sun, the sun is coming through! I’ll run up ahead, this has to be it, we made it.”
Carlton was amazed at the sudden energy exploding around him. Just hours ago, they could hardly move, and now it was as if they could fly. Carlton and Ellanora were actually being left behind.
But Erick had Carlton by the hand, and without saying a word, the sad look in his eyes told Carlton he had to follow. A small group circled around Patina who held Skippy's head in her lap. His face still had a smile and a line where a tear had run from his eye. It warmed Carlton’s heart that Skippy got his lifelong desire.
Skipper never could have painted pictures with words or otherwise to express the beauty before them. And neither could Carlton when he sent the birds with the message they had arrived.
Carlton, Ellanora, and Erick and a few others laid Skipper to rest on a hillside overlooking the vast valley. They all promised to place a bead or stone in their hair, in his memory. Then Noah crinkled his brow and pointed, far out over the horizon, “Look, way out, past our site, campfires. We are not alone.”

45.
SLEEP DEARLY
A servant caught Aden in the hall, “Master you have guest.” Aden wasn’t expecting anyone, but when he went to the door, he was surprised to find Tibbler, the merchant, and two others, with somewhat familiar faces.
“Hello, my good friend. I wanted to introduce you to my new acquaintances. This is Lord and Lady Fruitofvine from Wardee. We met aboard ship, on my way home.” Aden invited them in, hoping his flushed face didn’t give him away.
Tibbler brought gifts, and he and his guest stayed for dinner, giving every detail of how the once lofty kingdoms of Wardee, Hummy, and Towten were all now Sawtee. The war was over.
Although the Wimsiyle family recognized them, the Fruitofvines didn’t. The fine robes and gems around their necks and on their fingers, clouded the Fruitofvines memories, as if they would have ever paid attention to a family of poor farmers in the least.

That night Piper and Jared slept dearly and peacefully.

Endnotes
[1] Failing Deadly flu.
[2] Tammies, A green flesh sweet potato.
[3] Plutus, a huge peach looking fruit from a tree.

