The Cithian Chronicles, Book 1: 
When 
Cithians 
Attack

Wyatt Jaymes 



















For Jeff Wescoat, a true friend when I needed it the most. 




 Prologue
  A unique group of people live among the people of Siraka. They are called Cithians. These Cithians have the power to shoot beams of any color out of their hands.
 These beams destroy everything that comes in contact with them. They also possess people and make people become evil by entering into their conscious mind and making them think that all good things come from bad decisions.  They can turn you into a mythical creature once you master them enough. They were founded during the fall of Rome on a planet called Earth, or what they believe to be called Cither. They were founded upon the belief that all men are created equal. 
They didn’t always have powers. 
Long ago, in the spring of 1442, a war was brewing between the humans, and the people of my home planet, Hiton - the Hithians.  Several people were already dead. The only chance for humanity to survive was in the hands of Adagar Markson, a Warlock. (Warlocks are the only people who can transfer powers from one person to another. They can also make things out of their powers. ) He mixed light, bars of steel, water and, Fire together to make a potion. A potion that could save humanity.
When Adagar touched it, light streamed out of his hands. He thought: Yes! This could save humanity! He gives the potion in the form of two big metal bracelets also known as power rings to Kodyack Blues. Kodyack asks what they do and Adagar says:
”It gives people the power to heal their own wounds by taking energy out of them. But, only one warrior will be able to heal other people with this power. His name will be The Healing Warrior. The healing warrior’s powers will be able to save you from death. I’ll call these powers:  Warrior Powers  because they can also turn you into a warrior form.” 
***
But there was another who sought to destroy the good-sided people of Cither. His name was Gadrid Markson. He created a potion by mixing lightning, Darkness and fire. When he drank it, he could shoot beams of Darkness out of his hands.
***
The Cithians liked to infiltrate the ranks. They often felt out of place with the world. Plus, they weren’t happy about being arranged in ranks. They felt that everyone should be equal. 
So, The President, Brian Henderson outlawed them. He sent a group of government operatives called Strikers to kill all the Cithians. Another reason the outlawing was made was because people got jealous. They thought that having powers gave the Cithians freedom and they wanted that freedom.
The Strikers tried their best to kill every Cithian. Entire cities were shut down. Houses were searched for what seemed like instant terrorists. 
My dad says that the Cithians are still here for only one reason: The Sayis’. Just when everyone thought the Cithians were doomed these Sayis’ stepped in and saved them by stopping the search for all Cithians. They did this by erasing the existence of Cithians from the Strikers’ minds. But, The Sayis’ said that this won’t stop them. They said that if another Cithian attack happens, the Strikers’ memories will be returned to them.























Chapter 1 Becoming Hunted 
 Flying cars crashed into skyscrapers as they both fell to the ground. Rockets exploded as they burst into buildings.  A black portal opened as a man with a blue face emerged.  The portal disappeared.  Beams of darkness shot out of his hands as he rose into the air. 
The beams hit the windows as they shattered. People inside the building screamed as it toppled over.  
Kandriths fell to the ground, chanting: “Praise, Rakif! Praise, Rakif!”
These Kandriths worship Satan day in and day out and they call him Rakif. 
Rangrates helped people out from under the rubble. They wore loose clothing.  Ganthiras stepped on top of people and pushed them to the side to get to safety. They vote for the people in power. 
Another Cithian rose into the air. Beams of Darkness hit straight into five buildings.  We all screamed. 
The buildings are all around us were in rubble so we had no choice but to hide out in the sewers. The light flickered on as we climbed down the ladder. The sewers smelt like poopy mold.  
I saw a door about a foot or two away. It had cobwebs all over it. 
The stomping of footsteps came from above us. We all ran to the door. I closed it behind us. 
Jaren came up to me. 
“The Rangrates are to blame for this. They should pay!”
“What are you talking about? They helped these people out from the rubble.” I said, pointing at the rest of us.  
“If rangrates would just mind their own business instead of helping people then Siraka would be a better place to live.” Jaren said. 
“You’re wrong! The human race survives in these tragedies only if it’s helped.” A woman said. 
She had bright white hair. She looked to be in her twenties. She wore a gray shirt and blue jeans. Her face was milky white. Her eyes were a dull hazelnut. 
A man stood up.
“Kaylee’s right. If anything, Ganthiras are the ones to blame.” he said. 
He was bald except for gray hair on both sides of his head. His face was pasty white. His eyes were emerald green.  
He wore a light blue vest with no shirt underneath and black jeans. 
Small white orbs went around my hands. They went into my hands; beams of light shot of my hands at Jaren; throwing him against the wall.  Fear arose in my mind. Tears streamed down my face as I heard a pounding on the door. It fell off its hinges. 
 Two people in white uniforms called Strikers ran towards me. I ran away. They still chased after me. I ran faster. 
I just reawakened the Strikers memories by showing my powers to the world. They must be after me. I don’t know if I’ll live or die.
We came to an intersection. I went left. The people in white uniforms went right. I tripped on a rock. They turned around and ran towards me. I got up as I ran to a fork in the path. 
I took the second path. The white uniformed people followed after me. Rocks lay on the ground all around us as I tripped again. Pushing on my hands, I got up. I booked to another fork in the path.  
The white uniformed people tackled me as they cuffed me. They threw a black disk on the ground. An indigo beam shot out of it. They dragged me into it. 




















Chapter 2 Prison in the Desert
We appeared in a large field and it was full of sand. Five tents were pitched all around it. The strikers dragged me to a purple tent at the edge of the camp. I looked to the left and then to the right. Cacti was on each side of the tent.  
 A white lady was standing right in front of me. Her vest glimmered with the color of water. A white shirt was under it. She wore blue jeans. She held her up dark brown. Her bangs swayed side to side as I saw her dirty brown eyes. She put down her hair. 
“Take your clothes off in the red tent. I want you to change into this.” she said. She handed a blue jumpsuit to one of the strikers.  The Strikers released me. 
They followed me out of the purple tent and stood outside the red one as they gave me my jumpsuit. Blue jumpsuits were thrown all over the place. I took off my clothes and slipped into the jumpsuit. I zipped it up. 
I went out of the blue tent. It was a bright day outside- The western sun was out and the sky was blue with white clouds all over it. The Strikers cuffed me and brought me back into the purple tent. The white lady looked at me. 
“My name is Theresa Silverfield. This program is meant to teach you how to live without your powers. We are the last hope for the sanctity of human kind. Cithians are a menace to society and our mission is take every Cithian and their powers and educate every Cithian on how to live without their powers.”
Thoughts ran through my mind. My hometown was destroyed by these Cithians! How in the freakin’ world are they saving me from anything? Is it really possible that I could be a Cithian too? If so, what might they do to me?
I looked at Theresa. 
“Cithians aren’t a menace! I’m a Cithian too! And, you don’t see me destroying peoples’ hometowns!”
Theresa smiled at me. 
“That's because your powers aren't fully grown. Once they do, they'll take you over and make you mad. We can help you avoid that.” she said.
Screams echoed through my mind. I just killed Jaren. Yes, he was my enemy. But, what’ll happen the next time I kill someone with my powers? Will they really possess me and make me go mad? Will I hurt the ones closest to me even my sister, Crystal? Or, my mom and dad?
“Fine! I’ll let you help!” I said.  
“Good. You’ll be staying with Sedge in the green tent.” Theresa said.    
She looked at the Strikers. 
“Boys, take him to the green tent!” she said.  
The Strikers cuffed me again. They escorted me to the green tent. They released me. 
A boy came up to me. He had a blue jumpsuit on too. His pasty white face glowed. His opened his eyes. They were blue like crystals. His messy blonde hair shined in the light of day. He reached out his hand.
“My name is Sedge Larkin.” he said. I shook his hand. 
“Name’s Skyrid Crop.” 
“It’s a good thing the strikers brought you here.”
“No, it isn’t! Don’t you get it!?”
“Get what, exactly? The strikers are just trying to save mankind from bad Cithians.”
“No, they aren’t. Don’t you realize it?”
“Realize what? That they’re going to kill me?”
“Yes.” 
“No. I’ve been here for four years. They would’ve already done it by now. “Sedge said. 
“Ugh! Nevermind!” I said. 
A striker came towards us. It was Theresa. 
“It’s time for your surgery.” she said.
I ran to the edge of the camp. More strikers came towards me. I hit something. The electrical surge coursed through my veins. My chest hurt as the pain moved to my legs. I fainted.
When I awoke, I was chained to a chair.
“Let me go!” I said. Beams of light shot out of my hands.
Theresa appeared.  
“No!” she said. 
A man with a blue face came into the tent. 
“Let him go.” He said.
“Why should I!?”Theresa said. She threw a beam of darkness pushed him back. He flew across the field. Theresa looked at her hands, surprised by how much power she held in her hands. I looked at her. 
“You’re one too, aren’t you?” I said. 
“Shut up, Cithian.” Theresa said. 
“I can help you. Just release me and...”
“You’ll what? Help me? Hah. I don’t need your help.” Theresa lifted up her whistle that was tucked inside her shirt. Strikers appeared and cuffed the man as they brought him to her. She looked at the man.
“Who are you?” 
“Furliceo Woolsley.” the man said. 
“Don’t listen to that man!” I said. “He destroyed Siraka.” 
Theresa dropped her jaw. 
“I am the Master of all Striker Masters. So, I strip you of your status as Master Striker.” she said. 
“Please just let me explain! I was possessed.” Furliceo said. 
“By whom?” Theresa said.  
“You, if I remember right. You told me to destroy Siraka.” Furliceo said.  
“You expect me to believe you?” 
“I’m bound by my word. You did possess me.” Furliceo said. Furliceo turned into a red orb. He flew above the strikers. Materializing, he landed on top of the strikers and pushed Theresa towards the tent.  
Furliceo unchained me. He looked at me. Fear ran through my mind. Furliceo is the man with a blue face?   His face scares me. His voice scares me half to death.  What’ll he do to me? Kill me?
Furliceo dragged me outside. He lifted me into the air with his hands. A blue portal opened beside me; I saw it out of the corner of my left eye.  I was sucked into it.  























Chapter 3 Hunted by a General
I appeared in a room. A desk was in the center with two chairs were in front of it.
I ran to the door and pulled on the doorknob. The man looked at me. His emerald green eyes twinkled in the light of the western Sun. His gray hair look like storm clouds; a mess. His face was pasty white and covered with wrinkles.  He was wearing a green collared red polo shirt and jeans.  
“Calm down!” he said. 
“No! I need to get away from the Strikers!” I said, pulling hard on the doorknob. 
“I just saved you from them.” he said. 
I paused. Can I trust him?
“Who are you?” I said.
“Lester Slither. We must hurry though. The strikers will be here any moment.” Lester said “Once they find out you’re here.”
Just then I heard a voice from above us. 
“Where’s the boy, Ritter?” It said. 
“He’s here for sure, General. “Ritter’s voice said.
Fear ran through my mind. A General was after me. How could this Lester save me? Does he know I killed a citizen? I hope not. 
***
“They’re here!” Lester said. 
“I know! I heard the voices.” Skyrid said. 
“How?”
“I have two times the hearing of a normal human.”
“But, Ritter must’ve ratted me out. So, talk in a whisper tone of voice.”
“Who is this Ritter?” I said. 
“He’s the boss of the Striker retrieval company.” Lester said. 
I backed up for a second; messing with my hands nervously.
“You work for the Strikers?”
“No.” Lester said. “I work for the Sayis’.” 
Lester looked at me. 
“Take this with you.” he said. 
He handed me a pendant. It had an upside down triangle on it. 
“This is a piece of Junk!”
I placed it on the desk.  Lester lifted it up into the air. He grabbed it and put it around my neck. 
“This will protect you.” he said. 
“How?”
“It’ll prevent you from having another Malfunction.”
“You know?”
“That you killed Jaren? Are you kidding? Everyone does.”
“What do you mean?” I said. 
Lester handed me a white button.  
“Here, press it.” he said. 
I pressed it. A flat screen television emerged from the wall in front of us. 
A reporter dressed in nice clothing appeared on the screen. She held a microphone in her right hand. She had black hair and blue eyes. Her bushy eyebrows were like the quills of a phoenix. Her face was pasty white. 
“There have been reports of recent terrorist attacks. A rocket shot into the capitol building today to protest the Cithian Outlawing. All of the attackers were Kandriths. In other news, a Cithian has been discovered. He was last seen in a safe house just outside Siraka. This is him.” She said.
I saw myself in the picture. It had the same blonde hair, green eyes. It had the same red shirt and blue jeans on that I was wearing.
The reporter appeared on the screen again. 
“The victim, Jaren James says he does not remember the Cithian. He is in intensive care.”
I can’t believe my eyes. Jaren is alive.
The door shook for a minute and fell to the ground. A general appeared. 
He was wearing a white uniform. Two yellow ropes were hanging down from his right shoulder. Handcuffs were buckled onto his belt. His eyes were a light brown. He was bald. His face was milky white. He wore a green ball cap on his head that had three silver stars on it. 
“Give me the boy, Lester.” he said
“No.” Lester said
“Then a fight you shall have.” the General said. 
The General threw a beam of darkness at Lester; throwing him up against the wall. Lester got up. He threw a beam of light at the General and lifted him into the air. 
The General lifted Lester into the air. Lester’s veins popped as his power rings came out. He screamed as bruises burned into his skin. I waved my hand; throwing him up against the wall. The General laid dead in front of us.
“You killed him!” Lester said. 
“What you expect me to do? Let him kill you?” I said. 
He stood there silent. Then he looked at me.
“No. I didn’t want you to kill him though.” Lester said.  
“I didn’t kill him. He’s just unconscious.” I said. 
Lester pressed a red button the wall. A brown door appeared. 
“What is this?” I said. 
“It’s a magical door.”Lester said. ”It’ll take you anywhere you think of.”
“All I can think about is going home.”
“Then, open the door and that’s where you’ll go.”
I opened the door.











Chapter 4 Time To Run
I appeared in front of my house. It is a white mansion. Two white bars hold up the roof of the house. I went onto the porch and touched the swing. The garage opened. Beside it, I see a green window. 
I went inside. My dad came towards me. He was dressed in a blue dress shirt and jeans. His eyes were green.His hair was dark brown. He stomped his feet as he came towards me.
“Meet me outside.” he said
“Why?” I said. 
“Just do it.” he said.
I went back outside. I started to cry. He must know that I injured Jaren.  I can’t believe he’s so angry at me. He almost never acts this way. 
A midnight blue mustang backed out of the garage. Food wrappers and bags were thrown all over the floor of it.  My dad stuck his head out the driver's window.
“Get in.” he said
I got in the mustang. My dad drove up to the stop sign. My dad glared at me. 
“Skyrid, I want to know what happened.” he said.
“It was just a fight.” 
“Just a fight? You put him in the hospital!”
“You mean, he’s alive?”
“Yes. Jaren’s alive.”
The reporter was right. Jaren was miraculously alive. I feel so relieved. Like a huge worry had been lifted off my shoulders. 
We started driving again.  
“Dad, how is he?” I said. 
My dad gripped the wheel hard. “The doctors say his temperature is above normal.” he said. 
“I didn’t mean to do it.” I said. 
“I know. I saw the footage from the safe room.”
“Dad, do you think I’m a freak?”
My dad pulled over. 
“Skyrid, I’m a cithian too.” he said
“Why didn’t you tell me this before?”
“I wanted to wait until you had your malfunction so that you’d understand.”
My dad drove back onto the road. I looked behind us. I saw a black S.U.V with a siren on top of it. A man in a white uniform was the driver. 
“Oh shoot, it’s the Strikers!” I said. I tapped my feet nervously. 
My dad better think of something. I do not want to go back to the Striker Prison camp. 
The Striker held a megaphone up to his mouth. . 
“Pull over, Cithians!” he said. 
“Quick, Skyrid, press the red button!” My dad said.  
I pressed the red button. A green orb came down around us. I beat my fists against the orb. A white portal appeared in front of us.
We were pulled into it- the car shook from side to side as we were pulled in and the orb drained a lot of our energy into it. 
We appeared in front of a white building with an Orange Needle on it. The green orb disappeared. We landed on the asphalt and got our energy back.
My dad drove us into the parking lot. It was crowded. Almost every parking spot was filled. Thoughts ran through my mind. We better find a parking spot. I want to see Jaren again before he dies. 
My dad parked his mustang. My dad handed me a black survival bracelet. 
“What is it?” I said. 
“It’s a device that’ll cloak your true identity.”
“How?”
“Here, it’s a special mirror. It’ll show you what you like to other Hitons.”
I looked like an officer with a white uniform on. A medal badge was on my chest along with a nametag that said: General Clayton, Co-Head Striker. Two yellow ropes were hanging down from my right shoulder. Handcuffs were buckled onto my belt. My eyes were turned into a light brown. My hair disappeared. My face turned milky white. A green ball cap appeared on my head that had three silver stars on it. 
“Why did you choose the Co-head Striker as my disguise instead of someone less important?” I said. 
“I chose him because he’s the only other Striker that has an appointment to see Jaren. 
 I was a striker.  If I’m right, everyone will see me as the Co-Head Striker.
They say this Striker is one of the most powerful Strikers. He was once a Cithian, but he gave up his light powers to be gifted the dark powers.
It was said that Furliceo Woolsley gave him his powers. Furliceo is the Master Striker. He’s feared by all. He’s our greatest enemy. 
He blames the Cithians for causing his pain. His pain is really a warrior power possession. He was possessed by his powers and turned evil by them. 
*** 
We all got out of the mustang.  Flowers were at each side of the entrance to the hospital. Lilies and roses were on both sides of the double doors. My dad opened the left door and I followed him inside.
A black lady was sitting at the front of the desk. Her green eyes glowed. I backed up for a minute.  Her black hair swung back and forth in the air of the fan. She was wearing a black suit and a red dress shirt.
The room was burning hot. 
“Hello, Sir. How can I help you?” she said.
“I’m here to investigate the latest Cithian attack.” I said. 
“You must mean Jaren James. Right this
Way.” She said.
“Thank you. What’s your name?” I said.
The lady raised her eyebrows. 
“Ashton Lawrence.” she said. Ashton led us to some red doors. Above them were these numbers: “287”. Ashton pressed some numbers on the keypad. The doors slid open.
“So, how’s Jaren?” I asked. 
“Bad. The doctors have tried everything; even skin replacement. But, it just made the burn worse.”Ashton said.
A man in white came down the hall. Green eyes lay behind his broken glasses that were held together by duct tape. His hair was gray.
He entered the room right beside us. We followed him.  Room 1 was painted sky blue. A nightstand was by the hospital bed. The room smelt like charcoal.
The patient was Jaren.  His face was wrinkled. His mouth had dried out. All he could do was moan. He was also dressed in a white hospital gown. His clothes lay beside his bed. The light had burnt 6-inch holes all over his clothes and he was hooked to a heart monitor. 
***
Ritter was standing beside Jaren’s hospital bed on the left side. Two Strikers were standing in front of us at arm’s length. Ritter pointed at me.
“He did this! Arrest him!” he said.
The Strikers looked at me. 
“That’s General Clayton. You need rest!” One said.
“Yeah. General Clayton would never do something like this.” the other said.
The doctor looked at all of us. 
“My name is Dr. Tristan Tyler. Jaren’s case is a difficult one.” he said. 
“How so?” I said. 
“His kidneys are shutting down and his heartbeat is very fast.” Dr.Tyler said. 
“Those aren’t the normal symptoms to Cithian Power Exposure.” I said
“I know.” Dr. Tyler said. 
“Are you saying that you can’t cure him?” I said. 
“Yes.”
  Jaren’s heartbeat dropped. 
“It’s time to say your goodbyes.” Dr. Tyler said.
“May I touch him?” I asked.
“Yes, General.” Dr. Tyler said.
I went up to Jaren. I touched his chest. The wound healed and disappeared Jaren’s heart rate rose.
A Striker looked at me.
“You’re not the General! You’re a Cithian!” he said.
My dad and I ran out of the room. The Strikers chased after us. We ran down the hallway as the Strikers followed behind us.
An intersection was right in front of us. We went right. The Strikers were still behind us. Another intersection. We went left. The Strikers went left. Doctors chased after us too. A third intersection appeared. We went forward. The Strikers went left. But, the doctors still chased after us. 
“Touch my hand.” My dad said. My dad reached out his left hand. I grabbed hold of it.



























Chapter 5 Meeting A Rangrate
We appeared back in the mustang. We could still the commotion inside. The screams that asked where we were echoed from inside the hospital. Alarms were blaring and saying: “Code mythical!” The strikers came out the front doors of the building.  We pulled out of the parking lot. The strikers got into their black S.U.V as they chased after us. 
I pressed the red button.
“It’s faulty, dad.” 
“Press the green button already!” 
The Strikers shot at us with a shotgun. I pressed the green button. Metal wings grew out of the doors as we flew up into the air. 
“New Message.” the Mustang said. My dad pressed a blue button. A mail-reader popped out of the radio.
“Skyrid,
I’m coming to get what’s rightfully mine.” My dad read. 
My dad looked at me.
“This must be from Furliceo Woolsley.” he said
“What’re you gonna do about it?” I said.
“I’m sending you to Kodyack’s for your safety.” My dad said.
“Who is this Kodyack?” I said. 
“He’s a family friend.” My dad said.
“Dad, I don’t wanna go. I wanna stay and help you fight him.” I said.
“You need more training. Kodyack will prepare you for that.” My dad said.
“How’s he supposed to protect me?” I said.
“With his powers. He’s the Warrior Master.” My dad said.
“I still wanna stay!” I said. 
“You’re going whether you like it or not.” My dad said. 
I saw a man with a blue face.
“Dad, look!” I said. 
My dad landed the car. My dad looked out my window. 
“I don’t see anything.” he said.
“He was there.” I said.
“Who was?” my dad said.
“A man with a blue face.”  I said.
“We gotta go now!” My dad said.
I cracked my knuckles nervously. Who is this Furliceo? What does he want with me?
My dad pressed the red button. We landed in front of our House. My dad drove into the driveway. We both got out of the car. My Mom came out and pulled us inside.
“I got the message. What should we do?” she said.
“You’re gonna take Skyrid to Kodyack’s.” My dad said.
“Right. I’ll get his suitcase.” My mom said. 
My Mom went downstairs and into the garage. She reappeared with a large brown suitcase in her hands. She came up the stairs. My sister came into the room. Her blonde hair shimmered off the reflection of the sun. Her green eyes sparkled like jewels. Her face shone off the reflection of the sun.
My Mom went into my room. I ran into my room crying. My Mom magically folded my clothes with the tips of her fingers.  
“I don’t understand why I have to go!” I said. 
My dad came towards me. 
“Skyrid,”he said “Furliceo is coming for that Helios part around your neck.”
“What’s my pendant got to do with this?” I said. 
“Furliceo needs the strength in it because, he’s dying.” My dad said.
Thoughts ran through my mind. 
Furliceo is coming for my pendant. But why? And, how much strength does the pendant really hold? Could it really stop Furliceo from dying? 
“Why can’t you just shoot him?” I said.
“A bullet isn’t powerful enough to kill a Cithian.” My dad said.
“Why not?” I said
“Too much light in their bodies. It acts as a shield against all bullets.” My dad said.
My dad sat on my bed beside me.  
“You have to go.” he said. “It’s too much of a risk to keep you here.”
“What about Crystal? Where will she stay?”
“She will stay.”
“She’s staying here? Why?”
Crystal came into my room.
I got off my bed. I flipped the light switch. Light filled the room. I saw my dad more clearly. My big sister, Crystal came up to me. 
“I already have all the necessary training I need to fight Furliceo.” she said. 
“How?” I said. 
“I went to Gailems. A school that shows Cithians how to control their powers.” Crystal said. 
“So, wait, you’re a cithian too! Why didn’t all of tell me this before?”
“We never trusted you enough to not rat us out.” My dad said.
"Why not?" I said.
"We always knew you wouldn't understand until you got powers of your own."
My mom finished packing my suitcase. She zipped it up. She touched my hands. A green portal appeared. My mom and I walked into it. 
We appeared in front of a small blue house. It had white stairs leading up to it. A door with a golden handle was on the front of the house. One blue glass window was on each side of the house. The roof was black like charcoal. 
There was no chimney. Just an air conditioner hanging out the left front window. A man came out the door. His gray shirt was loose and showing his bulky white chest. His jeans were loose too.
Kodyack stood in front of us. 
“It’s time to go to Gailems.”
Kodyack led us up the staircase. A room was in front of us. It had a blue teleportation beam inside it. We all walked inside it. 
“This is cool! Where’d you get it?” I said. 
“It was an invention of mine. I made it when I was your age. “
“It’s amazing.”
Thanks. Teleporter, take us to Gailems.” Kodyack said. 










Chapter 6 the Sayis Symbol
We appeared in front of a castle. There was two towers on each side. They were painted silver. The front of it was guarded by two guards. The First guard came up to us.
“Hey Kodyack,” she said.
She looked at me. She wore a green hooded cloak. Her face was pasty white. Her eyes were green.  A spear was in her right hand. 
“Who’s the boy?” she said, looking at Kodyack. 
“His name is Skyrid Crop. He’s a new student.”
“Who are you?”I said. 
“My name is Natasha.” The guard said. 
Natasha led us to the front of the castle. On each side of the doors were guardians dressed in blue cloaks.  On the front of the doors was The Sayis Symbol. Which was a circle with all the Sayis’ Symbols.
***
Two S’s chain-linked together for Sedro Sayis. A Gator claw for Gator Sayis. A capital L and S with a puzzle piece in the middle for Light Sayis. And, two axes in the shape of an x with a diamond in the middle for Minotaur Sayis. 
There are two sides to the Sayis’. This particular set of Sayis’ are called The Servants of Light. These Sayis’ are representatives for the good-sided Cithians and they help to right any wrongs done during these Cithians’ malfunctions. 
Then, we have The Warriors of Darkness. Which has: an orb of darkness for Darkness Sayis, Three dragon heads for Hydra Sayis, a doggy paw print for Cerberus Sayis, and two staffs with bolts of lightning on top of them in the shape of an x for Qysterio Sayis.  
This group of Sayis’ is in charge of dealing with Cithian Power Possessions and keeping the possession under control instead of letting it fly off the handle and turn the cithian into an evil person. Which is what exactly happened during Furliceo’s malfunction. 
***
He was almost killed by the possession of his powers and it turned him evil. Before that moment, Furliceo was a Bloodshed member. So, he was already evil and the possession gave him a darker personality than he originally had.     
***
Natasha led us inside the palace. A man walked up to us. He was wearing a black nightgown. His face was pasty white with bright green eyes that laid behind crooked glasses. 
“Kodyack, who is that?” he said. 
“Pedro, this is Skyrid. He’s a new cithian.” Kodyack said
“So, he just had his malfunction recently?” Pedro said
“Yes.” Kodyack said. 
“Then, I need both of you to follow me.” Pedro said. 
“What about me?” Natasha said. 
“You can stay behind and protect the castle.” Pedro said.
Pedro led us down a long hallway. On each side of the hall were pedestals that had orbs carved into them. Pedro opened a door that was at the end of the hallway. We followed him inside. 
















Chapter 7 the Healer’s Diamond 
In front of us were three boys. One was dressed in a black cowboy hat, a red dress shirt and he had a pasty face and diamond blue eyes with messy blonde hair. The next one was dressed in a blue jumpsuit with the same face and eyes as me. In fact, they all had the same features as me expect their clothes were different. The third one was dressed in a black suit and a multi-colored tie. Plus, each of them had the same pendant as me hanging down from their necks. 
Pedro stood in front of us too. 
“Skyrid, these are your quadruplet Brothers.” Pedro said. “The one in the blue jumpsuit is Mitchell. The boy in cowboy clothes is Michael, and one dressed in nice clothes is Thomas.” 
I ran to them. We all hugged. Pedro looked at me. 
“Come with me and I’ll show all of you to your room for the night.” he said. 
Pedro led us to a room with the symbol for Qysterio on the door. He opened the door and we all walked inside as Kodyack and Pedro left us by ourselves. I looked at Mitchell. “What made you get caught by the Strikers?”
“I was born into it. When I was separated from my birth mother, I was taken by the strikers. They knew the prophecy of the Healer’s diamond. That just one part alone could cure any disease brought on by battle but together, the parts could heal physical or mental disease. Even death could be defeated by the Healer’s diamond. They released me so I could be raised by the Master Striker, Furliceo Woolsley.” Mitchell said.
“I understand. But, what made you get taken from him?” 
“They discovered that I was a Cithian.”
“How?”
“I was ten years old when it happened. The strikers had come to my house to search for Furliceo because of his betrayal against them. At first, the Strikers’ mission was to kill all Cithians. But then, Furliceo showed them how kind they could be without their powers. Now, their mission was to take every Cithians’ powers and rehabilitate them back into society.  
But, they got tired of not killing the Cithians. So tired that they wanted to take Furliceo and kill him. But that’s when my malfunction happened.” Mitchell said.” "Orbs of light shot out of my hands and hit the Strikers; killing them. Then, the backup came. 
They cuffed me and dragged me into an indigo beam.”
“Orbs? Cool!”
“Thanks.”
“And, what exactly does the Healer’s diamond look like?”
“It’s basically a diamond made up of five upside down triangles.” Mitchell said. “Four for the outside and one for the center. “ 
“I wonder if our pendants are the parts of the Healer’s diamond.” I said.  
“You mean, the Helios, right?” Michael said. 
“Yes.” I said. 
We all held out our pendants.  A purple line shot out of each of them and connected in the shape of a diamond.  A diamond emerged out of them.  It was light purple and was missing a piece. The centerpiece was gone.  We all put our pendants down. 
The diamond disappeared. The light flickered on and off as it stormed outside.  Raindrops hit against the window.  Thunder raged and lightning appeared.  The lights went out.  The darkness surrounded us. 
The Emergency lights came on outside our room. We all stepped outside our room. Students crowded the halls. Pedro stood in the center. 
“Don’t panic! It’s just a little bit of darkness. So, all of you go back to bed!” he said. 
The students went back to bed and so did we.  
 
 

 

 
 

    


Chapter 8 The Battle Exams 
We all sat down on the floor. I looked at Michael. 
“How’d you all meet?” I said. 
“I’ll go first.” Mitchell said. He stood up. 
“A week ago, Pedro came to my prison cell first. And then he convinced the prison guard to let me out for a year. As we walked down the street, we stumbled upon a mansion.  Now this Mansion was huge. The sidewalk was massively decorated with wilted flowers, because snow was falling onto the ground that day.
The door was a foot taller than me and when Pedro said politely that he wanted the door open to that big wooden door that had a golden phoenix carved into it, the door answered back that he wanted to know who it was, and then Pedro said to the door these words:  “Don’t you recognize my voice?” and then the door replied with great delight that he was glad to hear Pedro’s voice and that the master of this great house had been waiting all evening for his arrival.  The door then swung itself open and a man in white and black clothing appeared and then at that very moment I said to Pedro that I wanted to know who this person was.
And then he showed me by carving his name into the icy wind; then as the name froze into ice I saw this name: Vogler Brixen.  Then Vogler said that it was a pleasant surprise to see Pedro and, then he asked why Pedro and I had come.  Then Pedro said that we came to his house to speak with his son, Michael and, after that he shouted that Michael should front and center. Michael came running down the stairs in only his pajamas that had red dragons on them and when he got to the door he asked what the heck was going on. Then Pedro said that he wanted him to meet some new siblings of his and that he should go get dressed into Day clothes. Then Michael said that if the big shining ball (the sun) wasn’t up that he wasn’t going to be. Then Vogler demanded that Michael should do what Pedro told him to do, because he might have some adventures on the way to meet his siblings.” he said. 
“I definitely had some unexpected things happen too. Like, remember when we accidentally bumped into Vade Markson.” Michael said. 
“Yeah, he wasn’t happy about it. He almost attacked us. But, Pedro stopped him freezing him in midair. Then we teleported to Thomas’s house. We all appeared in front a house with blue doors, a small staircase leading up to that door and windows that had small cracks in them, we saw a blue mailbox and the house was a sort of tan mixed with yellow lines. Watching Pedro fall to the ground, we all rushed towards him and I knelt down beside him and pounded on his chest.” Michael said. 
“The only reason that happened was because the teleportation drained all of Pedro’s energy out of him!” Mitchell said. 
“Let’s get back to the real story.” Michael said. 
“Since we’re finally staying with on the right topic again and not going off on a tangent; it’s my turn to tell the story. “Thomas said.
“No it’s not! It’s my turn!” argued Mitchell.
“Can you guys please just give it a break with the fighting? I mean, you and Thomas have been constantly bickering back and forth between each other ever since you met! You two fight so much that it seems like you're not even happy you did met each other! You should be happy to have siblings because if you didn’t, you’d be very lonely. ” Michael said, yelling and crying.
“Alright, I’ll stop it.”  Mitchell said, hanging his head in guilt. “Sorry about being such a jerk, bro.”
“It’s alright.” Thomas said, biting his lips.
“I think you should tell Slyer the rest of the story about how we all met each other.”
“You mean it, Mitchell?” Thomas said as tears streamed down his face.
“Yeah, you’re a better storyteller than me or Michael.”
“Okay. Here it is: ‘When I heard my doorbell chime, I answered and then I said ‘Who are you and more importantly what do you want?’ Then Pedro answered that the people with him were my brothers and that his name was Pedro. And that he was trying reunite them with me, so that I could get to know them by entering through a new kind of brotherhood and meet one more sibling along the way.’ And then I replied that I didn’t know what trick he was playing, but I wasn’t going to fall for it.
Then my dad, Gazer Books came into the room and said that he had heard our entire conversation and that what Pedro said wasn’t a trick. And that every word that Pedro had spoken was the truth. Then I said back to Gaser: ‘Wait a second; why didn’t you ever tell me I had siblings?’ Next Gazer said that he did because he didn’t want to ruin the prophecy of the four great warriors.  After that I shouted’ What are you talking about?’ Then after I said that my dad said: ‘It’s a long story, but, first: I want you to know that I had great time raising you as my own son and I’m proud of the man you’ve become. But it’s time I told you the truth.
‘12 years ago me and your mother, Thora found out that she couldn’t have babies naturally and we found out about an orphanage called The Seventh Dragon.  And when we got to the orphanage, the caretaker of the orphanage said that there was one baby left and that he would gladly give it to us if we really wanted it. And that baby was you, Thomas. When we got the permission from the judge to raise you as our own child, we we’re so happy, but, while we were enjoying that happy moment, the judge said that we shouldn’t be celebrating yet, because of the prophecy of the four great warriors. After he said that, we asked: ‘But what does that have to do with our so
Then the judge said these words: ‘Well for one, it’s about your son’s future. Now I can’t tell you everything, but except that your son has three other brothers that are the same age as him that we’re separated from him. And please don’t be surprised if some people try to reunite him with his brothers in twelve years.’  So please just go with Pedro and your new brothers and fulfill that prophecy that the judge told me of.
Then I said that it was a great thing that he was being honest and that I would gladly go with Pedro and my new siblings to meet my long lost brother to fulfill the prophecy that you told me of.  And we’ve been together ever since that day.”
“So, Skyrid, why’d you come to Gailems?”
“I injured someone and now Furliceo’s after me for my Helios part.”
“Are you sure he’s after you?” Mitchell said. 
“Yes.” I said. 
“I know Furliceo destroyed your hometown, but that doesn’t mean he’s after you.” Thomas said. 
“Yes, it does! He sent me a letter saying that he’s coming after me.” I said. 
“He did?” Mitchell said. 
“Kursta! Damn it! Yes, he did!” I said.
“Fine! We believe you! Don’t we?” Thomas said. 
“Yes...we do.” Mitchell and Michael said in unison. 
The eastern Sun shined through the window. A knock on the door was heard by me. I opened the door. Pedro stood in the doorway. 
“It’s time for your battle exams.” he said. Pedro looked at us. 
“Follow me to the Hall of Battle.” he said. We all followed him to a golden pedestal with a silver orb carved into it. I looked behind us. I saw a crowd of students. Apparently, they were following us. 
Pedro touched the orb. A room with three rectangular battlefields. They all were sky blue. Pedro stood in the center of the first battlefield. 
“Today, y’all will fight to see what class you are in. There are: Class 1- The Power Beam makers, Class 2- the Fusion Power beam Makers, Class 3- the weapon makers, and class 4- The orb makers. The first fight will be Jaren and Skyrid vs. Karrithea and, my son, Chaser.” he said. A boy stood beside me. He looked to be about 12. His red hair shimmered like silver. His eyes were jet black and his face was pasty white. He wore a green cloak. His hands were very muscular. 
They were big. About the same height as mine. He was the same height as me too. We both stepped onto the battlefield as Jaren and Karrithea did the same. Jaren walked to my side as chaser went to the other side. 
Pedro stood in the middle of us.
“The rules of this duel are 1: You can only defend yourself, 2: No calling in help, and 3: Have fun!” he said. We all got into our battle positions. Jaren and I shot two beams of light at them. They deflected them with mirrors that they made out of their powers. The beams came towards us.
We threw two gray beams at them. Hitting against each other, the beams turned into a huge orb and knocked Chaser and Karrithea unconscious. Pedro came towards us. He stood beside us. 
“Congrats to our winners, Jaren and Skyrid. They are now in class 1 because they didn’t show me that they could make fusion beams.” he said. Pedro looked at the crowd. 
“The next battle will be: Michael Crop V.S. my daughter, Caitlyn Jerricus. If either of them lose, they’ll be placed in the area below their area of knowledge.”  
Michael combined a beam of fire and a beam of light to create a fire tornado. He threw the tornado at Caitlyn. She deflected it with barriers that she made out of her powers. Michael threw a beam of water at the fire tornado and it turned into smoke. It rose into the air; filling the room. 
We all got down on our hands and knees. Pedro glared at Michael like he was mad at him for filling the room with smoke. 
“By my choice, this battle ends in a draw for their safety. They are both placed in class 1. Parser and William it’s your turn to clash.” he said.  
Starting their scuffle, William fused a beam of fire with a beam of magma to create lava and shot the new beam straight towards Parser’s side of the combat field.  Fusing two beams of water together; Parser then turned them into a giant wave and shot it towards the lava beam that William shot over to his side. Throwing itself into the lava beam that Will created, the giant wave cooled down the magma; it turned into lava and smoke rose out of the middle of their brawling ground.  Spreading, it covered the top half of the room, we tried not to panic, but, alas many of us including me started to scream and some of us got into crawling positions on the floor.   Fortunately for us, Pedro got down on his knees and led us into another metal trough.
Going down the shaft, we were thrown into a room full of medieval weapons that were scattered all over the wooden platform.  Landing on our back ends, we started to feel intense pain as we got onto our knees. Then as the pain got worse, we try our best to stand up. Unfortunately, in despite all of our great efforts on trying to get up on our feet, we proved unsuccessful. Then Pedro shouted: “Parser Isaac Jerricus and William Omer Jerricus, I will deal with this problem by giving you both in school suspension. Once all of the students are done with their mêlée tests, you two will follow me to my office where you’ll spend the entire night with me. Because of your choice, you will both be in class 1. “
Once the pain disappeared, we all stood up. Pedro looked at Mitchell. 
“The next fight will be between Mitchell and Thomas.” he said. 
“I don’t wish to fight him. He‘s my brother and I cannot fracas with him.” Mitchell said. 
“But if you do not, I cannot train you to master your powers. So, you’ll lose your chances of ever learning to control them.” 
“Fine, I’ll do it! Thomas, prepare to meet your worst nightmare.” Mitchell said. 
Going to different sides of the room, Mitchell and Thomas stood in their fighting positions.  Picking a sword up from the ground, Pedro lit it on fire, threw it as it landed in the center of the room and this action made the sword go down into the center so much that you could only see the top of it. Then Pedro declared “Mitchell and Thomas please pick up your weapon of choice from the floor. There are two ways to win this competition. The first one is to make the sword in the center shoot up out of the center and make it land on your opponent’s side of the room. The Second and last way to end this fight is to trap your opponent in a way that he can’t make any moves. Now that I have told you the ways to win Mitchell and Thomas, you may start your battle.”
Mitchell then started the battle between him and Thomas, by throwing an orb of light towards the center of the room and sucking the sword that was in the center into it. But just before Mitchell could drop the sword on Thomas’ side, Thomas threw his arrow that he had chosen as his weapon and froze it as it headed towards Mitchell’s orb of light. Cracking the orb wide open, Thomas attached a flame around the sword that was in Mitchell’s orb of light. And then, Thomas unlit the flame that was attached to the sword by shooting a beam of water at it and, that event made the sword that was in the orb of light drop itself on Michael’s side of the room. 
“Congrats to our winner, Thomas Crop. He will placed in class 3 along with his brother, Mitchell. Pedro said. 
Pedro looked at all of us. 
“Now it’s after curfew, Classes 1 and 3 will be rooming together and will be nicknamed The Dragons of Light. Classes 2 and 4 will also be rooming together. They’ll be named The Servants of the Sayis’. Chaser will lead The Dragons of Light to their dorm and Pakia will lead the Servants of the Sayis will lead them to theirs.” 
 Pakia and Chaser lead their individual groups to two separate silver pedestals with mossy green orbs carved into them. They each touched their individual orbs. A dark blue portal appeared in front of each of them. They both lead their groups into the portals. 



































Chapter 9 The First Syiric Appearance
My group appeared in their dorm. We all sat down as raindrops hit against the windows. A yellow orb threw itself against the window. I opened and it flew inside as it materialized into Pedro. 
“Why’d you come, Pedro?” I said. 
“To tell you to not fear the storms or the orbs that come with them. For, the orbs are only the School Guardians.” 
“How many Guardians are there? I said.   
 “Seven.” Pedro said. 
“Anything else?” I said.
“Curfew is at 10pm and the room with a black dragon statue is forbidden.” Pedro said. 
“I understand.” I said. 
Pedro turned back into an orb of light. He flew out the window. I closed the window. Lightning hit the orb and Pedro materialized back into himself as he fell to the ground. I opened the window. 
I crawled out into the storm. I closed the window behind me.  I touched Pedro as he opened his eyes. Raindrops fell on top of me as Pedro looked at me. 
“Thanks for saving my life, Skyrid. If there’s anything I can do to repay you, just name it.”
Two Syirics appeared. They were basically rattlesnakes with wings. They blew fire as the rain turned it into smoke. 
“Save me from these creatures from Rakif.” I said. Pedro stood up. He clapped. Lightning streamed out of his hands and hit the Syirics as they caught fire. They shrieked as the fire was quenched by the rain.
Pedro clapped again. The Syirics froze in midair as they shattered to pieces. I became drenched by the rain and a green orb appeared.   It materialized into Natasha. Natasha grabbed our hands as a gray portal appeared. 
We all walked into it. We appeared back in my dorm. 
“Everyone, this is Natasha. She’s one of the seven guardians of this School.” Pedro said. 
A green portal appeared as Natasha and Pedro walked into it. It disappeared. We all gathered around the fireplace. On top of it was a pedestal with a red orb carved into it. 
Jaren looked at me. 
“I reckon’ we should start telling our stories about our Malfunctions. I’ll go first. It was in the middle of the summer in the year 2048; I was swimming at a local pool, then all of a sudden the water started getting hotter. Then an alarm blared and I got out of the water, I turned the palms of my hands to face the top of the water and, a beam of light was shot out of each hand. After all of that had happened, I fell down onto the ground as if I was knocked unconscious. All I remember was the face of the lifeguard; he was putting his mouth to my mouth and, breathing into it. At a later time, I started to respond and I woke up not knowing what had just happened.
The Lifeguard told me that he had been watching the entire time and he had saw with his very eyes that I had shot light beams at the water. He said that he had seen me fall down and had gone down the elevator that was attached to his chair and started to do CPR on me. And he also said that after five tries, he finally got me to come to. Then he told me that his name was Ben Walters. And I told him that my name was Jaren James. I thanked him for saving my life and he said that he was just doing his job.”
Parser looked at Jaren. 
“I believe you. You had a possession though. Not a malfunction. Your powers tried to possess you.” he said.
“Yeah, I know. I still survived it because Ben saved my life.” Jaren said. 
“I’ll tell my story next.  It was the middle of the summer of 2049. I was eleven years old. I was riding my hand glider. Burning the metal, I let go and I landed head first on the ground.  My dad must have heard the crash, because as soon as I hit the ground he ran right to the place that I crashed.
I crashed in the middle of our farm right next to our family cow. Picking me up from the ground, my Father took me inside our house and placed me on our couch. I felt my face with hands and, I found out that there was blood dripping from my forehead. I touched my forehead and the blood stopped gushing out. My dad was sitting right beside with the phone in his hands, but once he saw that there was no blood gushing from my forehead anymore, he dropped the phone and hugged me tightly as the phone hit the floor. “
“Wow that story is pretty unusual. Well, on the day I found out about my warrior powers, I was having a fight with my brother Chaser. I was down on the floor, and Chaser was holding my arms down on the ground. Trying to get free, I touched his arms and they lit on fire. When I finally got free, I fetched a pail of water and, poured the water on him.” Caitlyn said. Caitlyn looked at William. 
“So William, how did you find out about your powers?” Caitlyn said, smiling. 
“My Mom and I were dropping Parser off at Gailems and, then I waved at him and an orb of light shot out of my left hand.” William said. 
“I’ll start my story next. My name is Nester Green. My discovery of my powers was in the middle of winter in the year 2047. I was having a fight with the school bully. Raising both of my hands at him, I shot two beams of ice at him and froze him right where he was standing.  I touched the ice in amazement and shock. It was really weird because as soon as I touched the ice it lit on fire and melted into water as the bully grabbed me and threw me against the wall.” Nester Green said. Chaser looked at all of us.
“My story is pretty unique. I was sleeping. I woke up. I noticed I was sleeping on top of an orb of light.” he said. 
“Yeah.That’s pretty crazy. I would’ve never guessed you had that bad of a malfunction.” I said. 
Chaser glared at me. 
“I know. But, I’m not crazy. It really did happen.” he said.
“I believe you.” I said. 
“I think we all need to go to bed.” Chaser said. 
“No. I want to go explore the Castle.” I said. 
“Me too.” Parser said. 
“I agree, let’s do it.” William said.
I got up. I touched the red orb. We all turned into gray orbs. Our vision was tunneled. We all were sucked into it.













Chapter 10 the Forbidden Cemetery
We materialized in front of two gravestones. Two skeletons hung over each stone.  Mold covered both gravestones. A large crack ran down the center of the left one. I wondered how it even held together.
The skeletons had jeweled necklaces with purple rubies around their necks. I saw a newspaper between them. I picked it up. 
“‘‘Sade has betrayed us!’ Sade disappeared on Tuesday, December 13th, 2024. The Sayis Council says they don’t know what to do about it. They say our perception about Sade might be wrong. Kodyack Blues says that he regrets turning Sade into Darkomega.” I read. 
“These are lies! Kodyack would never do something like that!”I said. 
I heard the pitter patter of footsteps. We all hid behind the gravestones. The footsteps came towards me. 
“I know there’s someone here.” the voice said. 
"Kodyack turned Sade into Darkomega?" Nester said, reading over my shoulder.
“I don't know, Nester. But, we shouldn't trust a piece of paper."
"Skyrid's right. We can't just jump to conclusions. Kodyack probably didn't even do it willingly." Chaser said.
“Right. It could all be lies.”I said.
"Kodyack is a good guy. So why would someone write lies about him?" Nester said
"I don't know." I said, shrugging.
“Slyer, think about it: Whoever wants to write lies about someone must hate them.”
“People spread rumors about my dad all the time. And just the fact that he’s famous keeps them interested.”  I said, my voice raising.
“Skyrid, there’s no reason to fight with him about it. All famous people get rumors spread about them.”
“But Kodyack isn't famous! Why would someone make up lies about him?”
“He is the Warrior Master and all Ganters think we don’t exist. Maybe someone was trying to make all Cithians hated even more.”
“But who'd...”I said
“I don’t care who it is. They shouldn’t be lying about us like this. They’re making it seem like Cithians are complete jerks. “Nester said, stomping his feet.
“Yeah, they’re saying we're bad people! “Chaser said, yelling.
“Wait! I hear footsteps.” I said.
We all hid behind different gravestones. I hid behind one with a crack down the center. I peered over my gravestone.
A man in blue overalls, a straw hat, with a white beard and brown eyes appeared.
”I know you’re out there! So, leave now!” The man said. 
Sweat ran down my arms. Would he find us? He threw a green power beam at my gravestone.
“What’re you doing here? This place is forbidden!” The man said. 
I stood up. 
“W-We came here by accident, Sir.” I said. 
“No, you didn’t. I saw you come here through a black portal.” The man said. 
“I swear to you that we were sucked into it and thrown here!” I said. 
“Lies! You’re here to destroy more Cithians.” The man said.
“But, we are Cithians! How would Strikers get here in the first place?” I said.  
“Through a portal generator.” The man said. 
“We came here through Teleportation. We aren’t Strikers.” I said. 
“Prove it! Fight me!” The man said. 
“We can’t! We’re only Cithians-in-training.” I said.  
“If you don’t, I’ll feed y’all to my winged dragon!” The man said.
“I’ll do it, Gravekeeper!” Karrithea said, stepping forward. 
“Karrithea, are you stupid?” I said. 
“Shut up, Skyrid. I have to save us from this man.” Karrithea said. 
"Let the battle begin. “The Gravekeeper said, throwing a blue beam of light into the air. Two dragon-like heads appeared on each shoulder and attach themselves to his neck as bright red armor appeared on his body and his regular head turned into a dragon’s head. Karrithea shot a beam of fire at him. He flew across the graveyard. He turned into a red orb. Lasers shot out of it towards her.
She dodged them. He materialized back into himself.
“You are Cithians! Ones who don’t know how to turn into their warrior forms yet though.” The Gravekeeper said. 
“So, uh, why is this place forbidden?” I said. 
"This is the Cemetery for Dead Sayis' and Warrior Council members. And, the Sayis Members aren't suppose expose themselves to Ganters. Strange creatures also roam the grounds. They’ll feast on anything, including Cithians.” The Gravekeeper said.
 “Why are they here, then?” I said. 
“To protect the Cemetarian Forest.” The Gravekeeper said.A figure in a crimson cape with a blue hood appeared. His tattoo of a red sun on his left cheek glimmered. Short eyebrows raised as green eyes glistened in the sunlight.  Brown hair and a red t-shirt and jeans were on him. He was running down the cemetery and a winged dragon was chasing him. “My dragon!” The Gravekeeper said, running after them.
“Let’s follow them!” Nester said, smiling.
“Why? To get expelled?! We can’t fight a dragon.” A boy in tattered clothes said, tweaking his glasses nervously.
“Who are you to tell us what to do?”
“I’m Zane Hicks. I’ve been going here as a Class 1 Warrior.”
“How long have you been here? “Raze asked.
“Since last night. “Zane said.
“Well, you have no sense of adventure.” Nester said. He rolled his eyes.
“Stop it, Nester. We're going to follow them anyway.” I said.
“The figure is my dad, Skyrid.” Jaren said
“I don’t think so, Jaren!”I said.
We followed the dragon. A forest appeared in front of us. 
The figure walked into it and we followed behind him. As we came to a clearing, we saw a silver safe door in the ground. The hooded figure got down on his knees and opened it by turning a wheel to the right five times. The door opened and we followed him in. A bronze sword stood in the middle of the room. The Sword had these words carved into it: 'The Sayis Council.'.
It had eight gems of different colors embedded in its silver handle and a diamond on top of it and was sitting inside a glass case.  Eight golden thrones with a different Sayis symbol embedded into each one were in front of us. The hooded person turned around and looked at me.
“You will not ruin my plans this time, Kazaka.” He said, smirking. He ran at me with a butcher knife. I threw an orb of yellow light at him. He fell. I ran over to him and picked him up by his shirt.
“Who are you? And what do you want with me?” I said, gripping his shirt tightly.
“I will never reveal my name, but I will say that I am here to plot my revenge against you, “he said, laughing.
"What do you mean?" I said, shaking him.
“You burned my son!”
"Y-You're J-Jaren's Father?" I said, my eyes widened. I let go of his shirt.
"Yes. “He said, standing up and wiping his upper lip.  Jaren looked at me.
"Skyrid, he abused me! I wore bruises to school every day because of him! He's not a dad, he's an abusive jerk."
"Son, how can you say that? “Jaren’s dad said.
“Stay away from me! “Jaren said. He stepped back.
"Jaren, we don't need any confrontations right now!"  I said, pulling Jaren away from his dad.
"Skyrid, he abused me all the time. So you can't just let him go!" Jaren said whining.
"I don’t have time for this. “Jaren’s Father said
“: You’re not going anywhere!” I said.
“As if you can stop me, child. “The stranger said. He tackled me. I threw him off of me. The Stranger went out the safe door and it closed behind him instantly.
“Now, you’ll know what it’s like to be trapped, Kazaka. Jaren’s Father said.
We all screamed as we heard we heard footsteps going away from the door.  The winged dragon that the figure left behind came closer towards us and blew lighting at us.  Dodging it, I went for the sword. But as soon as I touched the glass case, metal bars formed around me and all the rest of us. The floor beneath us disappeared.
We all screamed as we fell into a cell with a bunch of other people in it.




















Chapter 11 Powerless Prisoners
They had bruises all over their bodies. Their orange jumpsuits had rips and tears at the arms. They all had cuts on their wrists. So, they had no power rings in their wrists. These prisoners had absolutely no powers. 
“Who took your powers?” I said. One of the prisoners stood up. He had a pasty white face. He also had baby blue eyes.
“The Sayis’.” The prisoner said. 
“Why?” I said. 
“For our crimes.” The prisoner said. 
“What crimes?” I said. 
“My name is Kevin Ladmir. I’m in here for aligning myself with Furliceo Woolsley.” The prisoner said. 
“You were in an alliance with Furliceo Woolsley?” I said. 
“Yeah.” Kevin said. 
“Why?” I said. 
“Because I was on a mission to learn why Furliceo became a Striker.” Kevin said. 
“Really?” I said. 
“Yes.” Kevin said.
“We all know why. He did it because his power possession turned him evil.” I said.
I looked at Kevin. 
“So, do you still keep in contact with him?” I said. 
“Yep. I just got some news from him.” Kevin said
“Can you give it to me?” I said.  
“What’s in it for me?” Kevin said.
“Your escape from this prison.” I said.
“How might I do that?” Kevin said. 
“See that pedestal behind you?” I said. 
Kevin turned around. I saw a silver pedestal with a black orb carved into it. 
“I do.” Kevin said. 
“That’s your ticket out of here.”I said. I looked at Nester. 
“Would you do the honors?” I said. 
“Sure.” Nester said. 
Nester touched the orb. A blue portal appeared. Kevin and the rest of us walked into it. We all appeared in a hall with 4 doors on each side. Each one had a different sayis symbol on it. 
The first one on the left had the Sedro Sayis Symbol on it. The first door on the other side had the Darkness Sayis’ Symbol on it.The next door on the left side had the Gator Sayis symbol on it.  The second door on the right had the Hydra Sayis symbol on it. 
Both of the next two doors had the symbol of Light Sayis on one door and the symbol of Cerberus Sayis. The last two had the symbol of Minotaur Sayis on one of them and the symbol of Qysterio Sayis on the other. 
Legend says these doors were to the rooms of Sayis’. Plus, they can only be opened by future Sayis’. I opened the Gator Sayis door. Everyone else stood there speechless. Michael looked at me. 
“Talk about the next Gator Sayis!” he said. 
“Shut up! You're gonna get us caught.” I said. 
Alarms blared. 
“Kevin, now would be a good time for that news.” I said. 
“Alright, alright. Your sister, Crystal was kidnapped.” 
A group of guards dressed in blue cloaks came towards us. Pedro stood in front of us.
“Naughty students, aren’t you!?” he said.  I stood there silent. Pedro glared at me. 
“You’re the one the who gave them the idea, right?”
“Yes.” I said. 
“Guards, half of you can escort the students back to their dorm  and the other half can take Kevin back to his cell.” 
The guards gather around us as a grey portal appeared. I stood in front of Pedro. 
“Wait! Before we go, I have to know if it’s true.” I said. 
“If what is?” Pedro said. 
“Was Crystal really kidnapped?”
“Come with me.” Pedro said, sighing. The guards pushed the other students into the portal. It disappeared. Pedro led me to his office.
“So is it true?” I said. 
“Sadly, yes. We’ll talk about it in my office.” Pedro said. Pedro led me inside his office. I sat down in the chair in front of his desk. Pedro sat down behind it. Pedro looked at me.
“I have some bad news. Yes, Crystal was kidnapped.” 
“Then, I have to go save her.” I said. 
“No. That’s just what the villain wants! You can’t save her if you get captured now, can you?”
“You’re right.” 
“One more thing. The captor left this.” Pedro said, handing me a piece of paper. 
“I’ve kidnapped your sister. To get her back you must fight me in the Warrior Power battle competition. Not only that, you must win the competition. The fight is in five days. See you then. “ I read.
Thoughts ran through my mind. Who is this madman? What is he doing with my sister? 
“So, let me get this straight. You want me to fight against this man on National television?”
“Y-Yes.” 
“Why can’t I just do it now!?” I said. I stood up. I punched Pedro’s desk.  
“Calm down!” Pedro said. Pedro stared at me.
“It’s not safe. Let the authorities handle it. So, you distract the captor until the day you fight him.” 
“I’m not waiting five days! “ I said, staring at Pedro. 
“Yes, you are! Don’t you get it? If you go out looking for her, the captor will kill you. You can’t save her if you’re dead!” 
I sat back down. 
“What about my powers? I have no control over them.” I said. 
“I’ll train you in between fights. Don’t sweat it! You’ll win.” Pedro said. 
“And, what if I don’t?” I said. 
“You’ll get captured. But, don’t worry. That won’t happen as long as you listen to me.”
Pedro escorted me to a golden pedestal with a green orb carved into it. A tan portal appeared. I walked into it. 
 






















Chapter 12 Out Again 
 I appeared in my dorm. The other students gathered around me. 
“So, why did Pedro take you to his office?” Jaren asked. 
“My sister, Crystal was kidnapped.” I said. 
“Kidnapped? Who by?” Jaren said. 
“I don’t know. But, the captor wants me to fight him in three days. “
“Why?” Jaren said. 
“I guess it’s some ransom thing. The captor said in a note that he wouldn’t give Crystal back unless I fight him and win some competition.” I said. 
“Hmm. That’s not good. What’s the competition called?” Jaren said. 
“The Warrior Power Battle competition. But, I don’t stand a chance. ” I said. 
“Oh, come on. If your dad won this Competition, then you can too.” Jaren said. 
“You really think so?” I said. 
“Yeah, I do. Your dad won it when he was 12 just like you will if you keep your spirits up.” Jaren said. 
“What about you, Chase? You think I have a chance?” 
“Heck, yeah I do. If your Father can do it, so can you.” Chaser said.
“I think you have a chance too.” Michael said. 
“Thanks, bro.” I said. 
“You’re welcome.” Michael said. 
“I think we should go out exploring again.” Mitchell said. 
“Yeah, it was pretty fun. Plus, I would like to see what’s behind those doors with the Sayis Symbols.” Parser said. 
“I agree . I cannot wait until Senior year to find out what’s behind those doors.” William said. 
“Neither can I.” Nester said. 
Nester got up. He touched the silver orb. A light purple portal appeared. We all walked into it. We appeared back in the hall with eight doors in it. 
I opened the door with the Gator Sayis symbol on it. We all walked into the room it revealed. It had a wooden bed with a light green pillow and blanket on it that was so nicely made it looked like it had never been touched. In front of us, was a big wooden dresser. It had 6 drawers and was painted light blue. 
Beside us was a picture of my Father. On top of his head was dark brown hair. He had baby blue eyes. He was wearing dark gray armor. A silver sword was in his right hand and it was pointed upward. A black pedestal was in front of it. 
I touched it. A purple portal appeared. We all walked into it. We appeared in a room with a yellow dragon caged up next to us. I shot a beam of light at the lock; it burned into ashes as the door opened. 
The dragon crawled out. I approached it. I touched it; scratching its ears. It whimpered in delight. The floor beneath us cracked as it fell apart . 
Plummeting down onto the ground, I discovered that I was in the basement.  I looked towards the place we had made a hole in the wall. When I went out into the outside of the Castle, an alarm sounded. I didn’t know what to do at the time, but, then I had this feeling to climb onto the yellow and golden dragon’s back. Climbing onto the back of the dragon, I had made it start flying into the sky. The dragon whimpered.
“Be calm. I don’t want to hurt you, boy.”
Flying into  the sky, the Dragon started to fly towards the front of the Castle really fast as everyone else followed behind us.”
I tried to make him stop by yanking his neck that had the same likeness of a snake, but he flapped his wings faster and still tried with all of his might to fly to the front of the Castle. I knew what this event meant; it meant that I was going to be caught again. But on second thought, I think I might be underestimating this dragon. We finally landed in front of the door and the dragon blew fire at the door. The doors then turned to ashes, I jumped off the dragon and, the dragon and I walked gracefully into the Castle.
At the moment that we got inside the Castle, twenty guards appeared along with Pedro being in front of them.   
You just don’t give up, Slyer. And, I’m not afraid of your pet. ”
“ I know you aren’t . But if you want to punish me, you’ll have to get through my dragon first.”I said, fearlessly.
“Skyrid, be reasonable. You can’t beat a Sayis. So if you’ll just let me take all of you... ”
“No! I will not let you take us back to our dorm!”
“Then you leave me no choice. I will fight you! Pedro said, chuckling slightly as his gray wrist rings glowed.  Moving both of his arms to the front of his chest, Pedro threw his left hand into the air and shot a half-orange, half-yellow, beam of power at the ceiling.  Small orange orbs gathered around him as he moved his arms to his side and his armor started to form onto his body.
First, an orange helmet with a golden beak carved into each side of it appeared on his head. Second, some red Pauldrons with yellow orbs carved into them appeared on his shoulders, Rerebraces appeared on each arm and orange gauntlets appeared on his hands.  Lastly, a brown and white plate of armor appeared on his chest and arylide yellow Tuiles and brass Greaves appeared on his legs.
Shooting a beam at Pedro, I threw him across the hall and saw  his wrist rings glow brighter. Hearing a loud roar, I felt this urge to run, but for some reason my body wouldn’t budge. I smelt smoke coming from the left side of the hallway and touched my dragon as Pedro’s came forward. Seeing the dragon,  I shot a beam at it’s yellow armor. Melting, the holes in the armor showed it’s gray chest.
Pedro then moved his arms back to the front of his chest. But before he could move his arms back to his side, my dragon blew fire at him. Interrupted by my Dragon’s fire,  Pikia blew ice at him and he dodged it as the ice flew towards us.
Before the ice could hurt us, I hit it with a firebeam. Smoke started rising up from the floor and up to the sealing.  The Guards started putting oxygen masks on all of us and themselves. Pedro and I put an oxygen mask on the dragons’ heads. At the time that my dragon finally stopped struggling against me, I finally put the air mask over his head. And all of the guards, Pedro and, everybody in the Dragons of light including me rushed out to the outside of the Castle.
Finally getting outside, me, my dragon, Pedro, all of the guards and the rest of the Dragons of light took off each other’s oxygen masks. I took off the dragon’s oxygen mask off of his head while one of the guards dressed in armor took off my oxygen mask and we all ran to the left side of the Castle, went through the hole in the left side of the basement.
Appearing in the basement of it, we looked around the place and, Chaser and I found the door to the cabinet under the stairs. Finding dynamite, we rushed up the stairs, lit the dynamite, backed away a few feet and threw the dynamite at the wall.
We covered our faces and put on our oxygen masks as soon as the smoke appeared and noticed that when the smoke cleared, a hole appeared in the ceiling above us. Taking each other’s  gas masks off again, including the dragon’s gas mask, Pedro, Chaser, all of the guards, who were dressed in full armor and all of the Dragons of Light including myself climbed through the hole with our oxygen masks clipped to our pants.
Then once me, Pedro and everyone else climbed onto the right side of the hole in the floor, I shot a beam of light at the floor and made the hole in the floor bigger, because I didn’t want to leave the dragon all alone where it could be harmed without me knowing about it. The dragon then flew up through the hole while flapping his wings gracefully. The dragon stopped flapping his golden wings, and landed on the side across from our side of the hole in the floor.
While looking around the room from the left side of the big hole in the floor, Chaser and I had made, we found a bed with Kodyack resting his head on a pillow with his eyes closed as he tossed and turn.  Feeling the right side of the room for a switch, I bumped into something. The right side of my body started to hurt I found a switch, flipped it and the light turned on.
Seeing a silver orb shining brightly, I saw that the sliver’s orb’s light came from small holes, which were on the outside of the room.  The silver orb was being held up in the air by a whole line of about five chain links that were attached to each other; the fifth chain was attached to a metal hoop, which was dangling from the top of the wall by a partial metal circle.
Kodyack opened his eyes, put his right elbow on his white pillow cover, rested his head slightly on top of his right hand, started to yawn and asked us, while shouting:  
“What are you doing in here?! Can’t you see I’m trying to sleep in peace with no noise?! And what in the world happened to my floor?!”
“We came into here through the basement. Chaser and I lit dynamite sticks and threw them at the wall. Yes, we all can see that you’re sleeping, but before be we came in here; Chaser and I blew a hole in the floor, so we could get back into the Castle, Kodyack.” I explained.
“Okay. I was going to get a tougher floor anyways.” Kodyack said, shrugging.
“Can Chaser and I help you fix the hole in your floor?” I asked, looking down at the floor.
“Thanks for the offer. But the answer is no, because I am supposed to have some carpenters come over to make a tougher floor for me. And all of you can sleep in here for the night.”
Once Pedro, Kodyack, all of the guards and my dragon went to sleep, me and the rest of the Dragons of Light headed out the door to Kodyack’s bedroom. 
“I wonder how we’re going to get back to the doors with the symbols of the Servants of Light on them.” I said. 
“Why do we need to go back there, Slyer?” Chaser asked as his forehead wrinkled.
“We need to go back there, because I’m pretty sure that everyone is curious about what the other three doors lead to. ” I said, pondering in my mind what the other three doors could lead to.
“Well, I’m not curious about what those three doors lead to. But I am curious about what Pedro did with Kevin.” Chaser said.
“He probably locked him up in Jail again. But why does it matter?”
“Because he has information on your sister.”
“You’re right. He does, but I can’t release him again without getting caught by the guards.”
I saw a silver pedestal with a black orb carved into it. I touched it. A milky white portal opened. We all walked into it. We appeared back in the room with Kevin and the rest of the prisoners in it again. 
“Maybe I should beat you up, Skyrid.”
“What for, Kevin?”
“Getting me locked up in here again.”
“Will you now?”
“Yes, I’ll pound you and make you wish you were never born!”
“Really? You know, I could just shoot you with a power beam again.”
”Of course I do. But if you do that, I won’t give you your Sister’s location.”
“Fine, What’d you want?”
“It’s very simple. You help me escape this rotten place again and I’ll tell you where she’s hidden.”
“Just touch that pedestal and we’ll be out of here again.”
Kevin walked over to the silver pedestal and touched the orb on top of it. Nothing happened. 
“How come it didn’t work?” I said. 
“Because only Cithians with powers can activate pedestals, dummies.” Nester said. 
Nester touched the orb. A light purple portal appeared again.  We all walked into it. We appeared in front of Kodyack’s door. The doorknob looked it was jammed open. 
I heard my dragon roar. 













Chapter 13 The Disturbing Note
I opened the door. Smoke was all over the room.  I shot a orb of light in the air. The smoke cleared. Shattered glass was all over the floor. My dragon was trapped in a black forcefield. 
I shot a beam of light at the orb. I directed it towards the forcefield and it crashed into it as it disappeared. I looked around the room. Pedro and Kodyack were gone along with the guards. We all jumped onto Kodyack’s bed. 
My dragon looked at me. 
“Master, I tried to stop them.” My dragon said. 
“You can talk?” I said. 
“Yes.” My dragon said. 
“Can you tell me what happened?”
“Sure. Two figures in black cloaks with green stripes on them appeared. They broke the window with an orb of darkness. They crawled in through the window. They trapped me in the black forcefield. They grabbed Pedro and Kodyack as they flung them over their shoulders. A black portal appeared. They left a note on top of the dresser. They walked into it. It disappeared as smoke filled the room.” My dragon said. 
Jaren leaned over, placing his hand on top of the dresser. Jaren grabbed the note. 
“Skyrid, 
I have kidnapped Pedro and Kodyack. To get them back you must fight me in Warrior Power Battle Competition and win it all together. You do that, and I’ll release them. I’ll see you at the fight.” Jaren read. Jaren looked at me. 
“The note is in my dad’s handwriting.” he said. 
“Are you sure?” I said. 
“Yes.” Jaren said. 
“He must’ve been possessed then.” I said. 
“You think?” Jaren said. 
“It’s the only plausible explanation.” I said. 
“Possessed? My dad’s been possessed?” Jaren said. 
“Apparently so.” I said. 
“Now, it all makes sense. One minute he’s all nice and the next he’s all evil. A possession seems possible.” Jaren said. 
“Exactly. But, it’s probably a guardian or someone that’s good friends with the guardians.” I said. 
“Why you say that?” Chaser said. 
“Because the guardians would never let somebody evil past them, It’d have to be one of them or a good guy.” I said. 
“What about me? I  thought I was going to get my powers back from Pedro.”Kevin said. 
“Kevin, you can’t get your powers back until we rescue them.” I said. 
“Fine. I’ll just go back to prison.” Kevin said. 
Kevin made my hand touch the pedestal beside the bed, in front of the dresser. It was painted tan with a  blue orb carved into it. A purple portal appeared again. Kevin jumped into it as it disappeared. I looked at Parser. 
“Parse, do you think we have a chance against these guys?” I said. 
“I don’t know. A Cithian is ten times stronger when it’s possessed. So, we have as much a chance of doing that as we do getting world peace.” Parser said. 
“Basically, we don’t have a chance, do we?” I said. 
“Nope.” Parser said. 
A voice came over the intercom. 
“All students report to the Hall of Sayis Dragons.” It said. Nester touched the blue orb. A yellow portal appeared as we all turned into white orbs. Our vision  was blinded. When we materialized, we were in the Hall of Sayis Dragons. 
Four tables were in front of us. Classes 2 and 4 were already sitting at their assigned tables. Behind the tables was the Teachers’ Table. 6 people were sitting there with two empty chairs in between them. One of them stood up. 
He had a milky white face. His grassy green eyes glowed. He was wearing a green cloak. He put his hood down. Gray hair covered the top of his head. 
“My name is Kaiser Jaymes. Last night, Pedro and Kodyack were kidnapped. According to the camera footage, there were two captors.” he said. I stood up. 
“Did your camera see the note on Kodyack’s dresser?” I said. 
“No. The camera is above the bed. So we could only see the bed. “ Kaiser said. 
“Well, in that note it said that if I fight against the main captor and win, they would release Kodyack and Pedro.” I said. 
“No. We cannot risk it.” Kaiser said. 
Chaser stood up. 
“But, Skyrid’s dad won so he does have a chance.” he said. 
“Not if he doesn’t have the same power mastery training as his dad. We can’t risk Skyrid losing because, he’ll get imprisoned. So, my solution is to train every student to fight in this war.” Kaiser said. I stood there silent. Kaiser looked at the crowd. 
“Now that everything is sorted out, let the feast begin.” he said.  Kaiser shot orbs of light at the tables. They turned into food. There was steak, dragon meat, Phoenix meat (which is not actually form a phoenix but it’s flamin’ spicy and that’s why it’s called Phoenix meat) and sausage. Everybody filled their plates. 
I filled my plate with steak and sausage. Someone tapped my shoulder. I turned around. He was sitting at class 3’s table. His green eyes shimmered. His red cloak glowed. His face was pasty white. His hair was dark brown. 
“Did Pedro and Kodyack really get kidnapped?” he said. 
“Yes. Who are you?” I said. 
“I’m Tucker Meyers.” he said.
“Who do you think did the kidnapping, Tucker?” I said. 
“One of the guardians and Furliceo Woolsley.” Tucker said.
“Why’d you think that? The guardians are good people.” I said.
“How else would they get past the guardians?” Tucker said. 
“I don’t know.” I said. 
“Exactly. The captors are a guardian and someone else.” Tucker said. 
“I’m pretty sure it’s Jaren’s dad, Jakin James.” I said. 
“You better be! You can’t freakin’ accuse people like that.” Tucker said.  
“I’m not! The note was in his handwriting!” I said. I turned back around.  I ate all my food. Chaser nudged me. 
“Hiya, Skyrid. I’m a Costa blood. My dad’s a Cithian. And, my Mom is normal. What about you?” he said. 
“What are the types of bloods?” I said. 
“There’s a costa blood, which means that only one of your parents is a Cithian. Then, there’s the other: a Rasta Blood, which means both of your parents are Cithians.” Chaser said. 
“Alright, I guess I’m a Rasta blood.” I said. Tucker nudged me. 
“I’m a Rasta blood too. What was your malfunction like?” he said. 
“White orbs went into my hands and beams of light shot out of them. What about yours?” I said. 
“If you must know, I frickin’ had a warrior power possession.” 
“That sucks. What was it like though?” I said. 
“I heard voices telling me to do bad things like to kill people. Then I rose into the air as beams of darkness shot out of my hands. I fell down to the ground unconscious.” Tucker said. 
“Wow. That’s pretty bad. I didn’t think it was going to be though.” I said. Kaiser stood up. We all looked at him. 
“Now, I shall introduce your teachers. On my left, we have: Jared  Riker, your referee for Warrior power Battles, and on my left is Kama Fraizer, The Weapons Master and Jamie Jacobs, the teacher for the History of the Sayis. Finally, we have myself. I am the Teacher for the training of the future Sayis’.” he said. Kaiser sat down. Everyone else finished their plates. Kaiser stood up again. 
“Now that the feast is over, I would like the Dragons of Light to follow Jamie and the Servants of the Sayis’ to follow me.” We all stood up. The Servants of the Sayis’ went with Kaiser and the Dragons of Light went with Jamie.  
*** 
Jamie lead us out the double doors. A hall of pedestals with orbs carved into them was shown to us. Jamie touched one of them. It was painted sky blue with a golden orb carved into it. 
We all turned into clear white orbs. Our vision was in tunnels. A green portal appeared. We all were sucked into it.When we materialized, we appeared in a room with a bunch of desks in front of us and each one had a big book on it. In front of the desks was Jamie’s desk. Beside it was a bronze pedestal with a blue orb carved into it. We all took our seats. 
Jamie stood up. 
“Students, please turn your books to page five. Skyrid, you will be our first reader.” she said.
We all flipped our books to page five.
“The Sayis’ were made during the interdimensional war of 1885. They were made to put more structure into the Cithian race and to right the wrongs done by Cithian malfunctions.” I read.
“Caitlyn, you can read next.” Jamie said.
“The reason why this structure was needed was because massive betrayals of people that were good started happening.  I’ll give you this example: Imagine ten people that are good.
Nine out of ten people turned evil.” Caitlyn put her head up. 
“Karrithea, you read next.” Jamie said. 
“It was a strange time back then. The Warrior Council didn’t enforce the rules good enough. They needed a person who can take powers away. The Sayis Council was founded by Kasey Williams.  
The Sayis Council is a group of 4 representatives for each side and one Hecticmaker. It is comprised of Richard Markson the Hecticmaker, Vogler Brixen the Sedro Sayis representative, Adagar Markson the Gator Sayis representative, Viraces Woolsley the Light Sayis representative, \the Minotaur Sayis representative, Kasey Williams the Darkness Sayis representative, Trace Woolsley the Hydra Sayis representative, Tovar row Simmons IV
the Cerberus Sayis representative, and  Blade Woolsley the Qysterio Sayis representative.” Karrithea looked up. 
“Parser, you may read now.” Jamie said. 
“The second structural  thing was the Sayis’ themselves. There are two sides to the Sayis’. The Servants of Light and the Warriors of Darkness.  Elwoods Bolto was the first Alien to become a Cithian. He is Sedro Sayis and the Leader of the Servants of Light. The second Sayis is Gator Sayis, which used to be Gadrid Markson but since he died in the war of Darkomega, Alex Crop is the new Gator Sayis. Pedro Jerricus is Light Sayis. Bradley Greenson is Minotaur Sayis. 
The Warriors of Darkness’ leader is Darkness Sayis, which is Furliceo Woolsley.  Hydra Sayis is Gaze Woolsley. Cerberus Sayis is Klade Woolsley. Qysterio Sayis is Blaze Woolsley.” Parser read. 
“And that’s the end of the lesson. Any questions?” Jamie said. 
“Yeah. What’s the Warrior Council?” I said. 
“The Warrior Council is a group of 5 people who handle misdemeanor crimes. It is comprised of Crystal Crop the head, Gaser Woolsley, Curlicea Woolsley, Elmer Books, and Baser Woolsley.” Jamie said. 
“Why do you teach about the Sayis’?” I said. 
“I teach about the Sayis in the hope that their example will invoke strong enough messages to  bring to pass more Good Sayis’ in the near future. Class dismissed.” Jamie said. Jamie’s classroom door opened. Kaiser stood in the doorway. 
“It’s time for us to switch. I get the Dragons of Light and you get the Servants of the Sayis.” 
Kaiser lead us to a door with two swords in the form of an x carved nicely into it,  and turned around to the front of us. As we all gathered around him, an orb appeared.  Kaiser grabbed the key out of it. He put it in the keyhole.  Kaiser positioned himself enough to where he was in front of the doorway and marched us into his classroom.
Kaiser’s classroom didn’t have any desks with books on them. But it did have a huge battlefield in the center of the room. I started to get very excited. Kaiser turned around to the front of us.Letters and packages moved in the air all over the room. The mail didn’t have wings, but it did move by itself, without anyone touching it. A few of the pieces of mail dropped beside me. I bent over and picked them up.
One of them was from my parents and, the last piece of mail I had gotten was a package from an anonymous sender. Tearing the packing off the package, I found a dragon harness. The letter taped to the package said this:
"If you're receiving this letter, it means I passed on to Kursta. Please, take good care of Lance, my dragon, for me. The harness will aid you in training with him."
"Wow, that dragon's Lance?"
I blinked at Chaser, surprised he recognized the name. "You know him?"
"I know about him. He's famous."
"Famous?"
"He's a legendary dragon from some mysterious Sayis."
Kaiser looked at all of us. 
“The first fight will be Jaren VS Skyrid. Today, we will be learning how to turn into our warrior forms.” he said.  Jaren and I went onto the battlefield.  Kaiser looked at us. 
“To turn into your warrior form you must lift your hand into the air and shoot either a beam of light or a beam of Darkness into the air. The beam of light is for a light warrior. The beam of darkness is for a dark warrior.” 
I shot a beam of light into the air and Jaren shot a beam of darkness into the air. Armor started to appear on us piece by piece. Helmets started to form around our heads. Then armor started forming around our shoulders, arms and, hands. The armor then formed around our chests, legs, knees, and feet. Once all of our armor had formed itself onto both of our bodies, we looked down at our armor and found out my armor was color of the sun while Jaren’s armor was the color of darkness.

“Now when I say five, I want you to shoot your individual beams at each other. One, two, three, four and, five; now shoot your power beams at your opponent.”
Lowering our power beams by moving our hands down to the front of us, we shot our power beams at each other. The power beams hit against each other in the center of the battlefield, we both moved our hands back a few inches and two individual orbs formed and shot themselves towards Jaren and I. Before the orbs could come within a few inches of us, Kaiser shot an orb made of light and dark towards the center of the battlefield. The two individual orbs turned themselves around and headed towards the orb made of light and dark, which was in the center of the battlefield. When the two individual orbs hit the orb in the center of the battlefield, all three of the orbs formed together into one orb and then the orb started getting bigger; then once it had gotten big enough it started to spread itself to try to make itself bigger and, then the orb made itself explode.
Then the orb disappeared from our sight. Chaser then grabbed my shirt, pulled me to the front of the doorway,  and closed the door behind us as he pulled me out into the hallway.
“You never told me you could make an orb of light, Slyer.” Chaser said.
“I didn’t think I could do it; which is why I never told you I could. And it was just a malfunction.”I said.
“It wasn’t just a malfunction, Skyrid! It’s not a trick that many first years can do! There’s only one person in the history of Gailems who could do it. And the only person who could do it was Gadrid  Jenkins, the founder of the Dragons of light. Gadrid  spent half of her first year trying to do it. Then one night, she did it. But she drained a big amount of her energy, which was what made her fall down on the ground.  Not even your father, Alex could do it until his third year in this school.”
“How in the world do you know all of this?” I asked, while being puzzled at what Chaser had just said.
“My Father, Pedro Jerricus told me about them. But, it doesn’t matter. The point of the matter here is Gadrid  died about a thousand years ago. Maybe you’re related to her somewhere on your family tree, Slyer.”
“I don’t think so Chaser. It may be possible. But it’s highly unlikely.”I said, while doubting what Chaser had just said.
“No it’s not unlikely, Skyrid! You did a trick which can only be done by Gadrid . No first year expect for her ever made an orb of power, Slyer!” Chaser shouted.
“Yes, Chaser, it may be true that Gadrid  was once the only person who could ever make an orb of power in the history of Gailems.  But now there is one more name added to the list of people who can make an orb of power and the name is Skyrid Crop, son of Alex Crop.”I said, while being excited about being a part of the History of Gailems one day. The door beside us then swung open and Kaiser appeared.
“What are you doing out here? You’re supposed to be in the classroom to do warrior training.”
“I was just having a private conversation with Skyrid, Sir.”
“Well, Chaser Jerricus, you may think you and Skyrid can just wander out of my class without me knowing about it. But you can’t do what you just did. You can’t just walk out of my class, without getting in trouble. After class you will stay with me in my classroom and you, Skyrid and, I will have a nice long talk about what you and Skyrid have done!”Kaiser shouted. Kaiser then pulled us by the collar of our shirts and pulled us through the doorway and into his classroom. When me, and Chaser, were pulled into the classroom by Kaiser, Kaiser dropped us on the floor.
“The next battle will be between…” Kaiser paused for a moment.
Kaiser pointed his finger at someone.
“You there; what’s your name?”
“You mean me? My name is Caitlyn Jerricus.”
“You’re the Headmaster’s daughter. You will go against…” Kaiser paused again
“You there in the blue shirt, what’s your name? “
“My name is Parser Jerricus, sir.”
“This battle will be very interesting. The son of Pedro Jerricus, Parser Jerricus will go against the Headmaster’s daughter, Caitlyn Jerricus. I do not know which side they will choose to be on. But, hopefully they will make a choice which might make Kursta proud of them for their choice to make it at all.”Kaiser said, while being eager to let the second battle again.
Parser and Caitlyn took their positions on the battlefield. The Headmaster’s daughter was standing on the right side of the battlefield. The son of Pedro Jerricus was standing right across from the Headmaster’s daughter. Their right hands rose up into the air, a yellow power beam shot out of each of the palms of each of their hands. Their armor started to form around their bodies. The armor started forming around their heads and it put yellow helmets with blue lines all over them on their heads. Then the armor formed around their shoulders.
The armor around their shoulders had the same features as their helmets, but their shoulder armor also had the color of the ocean on it. Armor then started to shape itself around their elbows, arms and hands. The armor around their hands was the color of the sun, the color of a red moon with little light blue lines on them. Outlining itself around their chests, knees, legs and feet, the armor was the color of the sun with the color of the ocean blended into it.
“Stop the battle! Two warriors on the same side can’t fight! It is against the rules of the Warrior Council. And I for one do not want me or anyone else to get in trouble with them.”
Parser and Caitlyn stopped their power beams by putting their right hands on their sides.
“You in the sea blue cloak; what is your name?”
“Do you mean me, sir? My name is Nester Green.”
“Aren’t you the kid who froze their enemy right where they were standing?”Kaiser asked, fastening his glasses.
“I am. I froze him with some ice beams.”Nester said, with glee in his eyes.
“Well, Nester, let’s see who your opponent is.”
“You with the green grass cloak;  I want to know your name.”
“You’re talking to me, Mister Kaiser? I’m…Chaser …Jerricus.”Chaser said, anxiously.
“You’re the third son of the Headmaster, Chaser.  Be proud of who you are and be thankful you even have a Father, because some kids don’t even have a one to hang around with, Chaser.  This should be an exciting match. It will be brains against skill in this warrior brawl.  This will be a battle between a first year and a third year.  They are both in the same group. But, let’s see if they are with each other or against each other.”Kaiser said, with an eagerness to know how the battle would go down.  
The third son of the Headmaster rose his right hand up into the air with the palm of his right hand facing the ceiling and, then while draining his energy he shot a beam which was the color of the sun into the air. The person with the cloak which was the color of the ocean threw his right hand up into the air in addition to bending his right hand back to make one fourth of a circle. A beam which was the color of darkness shot out of the palm of his right hand which was the hand he had been holding up into the air above him for exactly six seconds now. Nester’s armor started to form around his body and just before all of it could form itself around his body, William lowered his hand down to the front of him and, his power beam made itself head right towards Nester’s side of the room. Nester lowered his hand to the front of his chest and his power beam threw itself against Chaser’s power beam.
The power beams waged war against each other.  Each of their power beams were hitting against each other and pushing each other back and forth until the beam which was shot out of the palm of the right hand which belonged to the third son of the Headmaster pushed with all its might and, it finally pushed the other power beam out of its way and it headed towards the person with the cloak which was the color of the sea.
The power beam threw itself against Nester and he was thrown back up against the wall. Falling down onto his knees he rose up from his knees by bending over and putting his hands on the ground, his left leg slowly moved itself to move his left knee in front of his chest, pushed with his hands with all his strength, and slowly started to move his right leg to the point that made him looked like he was squatting while using his hands to balance himself so he would not fall over onto his back.
Rising up from his squatting position until the point that he was standing, he laughed, jumped into the air and grew the orange wings of a phoenix. After the wings had grown out of his back,  a few of the quills from his orange wings untangled themselves from his wings and threw themselves towards William’s side of the field.  Chaser shot a beam of light out of each of his hands hit each other, which made a orb of light and the quills from the phoenix wings shot themselves into it and then the orb shattered and ashes were thrown all over the room.
We all scratched our heads until all the ashes had fallen out of our hair. Nester then bent over and got into a position which made him look like he was going to start crawling.  I screamed as his clothes ripped, and then his body started to make itself sprout big pieces of hair on his body and around his head. Then his hands turned into a set of feet with long sharp claws, his back legs start growing claws, his head turned into a mane, whiskers grew straight out of his face, his back grew into a coat of hair and he started to look like a lion. We all screamed as Nester roared loudly and ran right towards Chaser. Once he appeared in the presence of Chaser, he flew into the air and jumped up into the air,  slashed his claws through Chaser’s face, and he made face bones appear.
Chaser was then pushed towards the ground by Nester’s paws. His head hit the ground and blood started to pour blood of itself. We all feared what could happen next as I ran towards him. I stood in front of Nester as I put my hands on Chaser’s bony face.  As soon as I touched his face, his skin started reappearing until all of his bones had disappeared from my sight and his chest started to rise as air came out of his mouth.
“You saved me, Skyrid. Thank you for not leaving me to die.” Chaser said, while noticing I had just saved him from a terrible fate.
“You are very welcome, my friend, Chaser.  I would never leave you to die and I hope you will do the same as I just have done to you one day, Chaser. You’re not a friend I would give up for anything and you’re more than that. You’re a true friend. You and I became friends the minute we met each other and, from that moment you have always defended me.” I said.
 “Skyrid, I only did those things to show you I’m a good friend. Now you’re saying I’m a true friend too are you?You always stick by me even though you don’t have to do it all. I wish I too could give you thanks for all of things you have done for me. I have no friends except for my family and you decided to take a risk on becoming my friend.” Chaser said, crying tears of joy.  
I turned around and I said that I would not let Nester harm anyone else. I shot a power beam up into the air. The power beam was the color of the sun. My armor formed around me. I shot one power beam out of each of my hands and a power orb started to form. At first the orb was half of a globe, but, as I got angrier it turned itself into a big globe like orb which was the color of the sun.  The orb threw itself towards Nester.
He obviously didn’t see it coming. The orb hit him in the face, and he was tossed towards the back of the room. He was up against the wall and he started to turn back into himself. Kaiser made everyone leave the room as Nester’s head switched back into his regular self. Nester had hair that was as brown as the bark on a tree. His eyes were the color of grass. His shoulders were as naked as a jaybird.
We all start to wonder if we were dreaming. Nester turned into a creature that was half lion and half phoenix. According to the book of many secrets, the creature was called a Lionix. We all talked among ourselves. I talked to chaser.
“I can’t believe you defeated a Lionix, Slyer.  A Lionix was one of the most powerful creatures in history.”
“They lived at one time, Chaser?” I asked, while being befuddled at what Chaser had just said.
“Yes, Slyer, they did. They lived during the age of the Lionix. There were no people on the planet Hiton during the age of the Lionix. The Lionix was a pleasant species. They lived gracefully among each other, until the night when asteroid hit and turned it into an earth with volcanoes. The temperature of the planet at the time was too hot for the creatures.
So one by one they died off and disappeared from existence. No one on the planet has ever seen a Lionix until now. Nester is the first person I have seen turn into a Lionix. It is not something anyone can do. As my Father always said, the powers choose the warrior.
And it has been that way ever since the first Light Warrior and Dark warrior were created."
I don’t know what was taking Kaiser so long, but at this moment he opened the door and let us all back into the classroom. It was a good thing Nester was in clothes again because I had never thought I would ever see someone turn into a Lionix.
Kaiser told us Nester was going to be in big trouble for what he had done to Chaser Jerricus.  Nester had gotten detention from Kaiser. After class had gotten over, everybody except for Chaser, myself and Nester raced out of the classroom and Kaiser made him sit down in his desk while he talked to Chaser and I.
“It was very rude for you two to walk out of my class. So as punishment, you’ll spend the next two hours in detention with me. Now, sit down.” 
Thoughts ran through my mind. This is not my fault. It was Chaser who pulled me out of the classroom. So he should be the only one getting punished for this; not me and him. 
It was very hard for me to sit down and wait out the two hours. I was very good in school and have never been punished until now. 
Two hours later, Kaiser took us to Kama’s classroom. 
Once we had appeared in Kama’s classroom , I saw against the wall thousands of swords and, staffs with sharp blades at the end of them  and the staffs’ blades seemed to curve in such a way that they looked like question marks. I also saw thousand of spears with little lines all over them with color of the sun all around all of the spears I had seen at his time. 
 I wondered what would happen next and then Kama stood right in front of us and spoke:
“ Welcome, Skyrid, Jaren and Nester.  I want each of you and everyone else  to pick one weapon. Choose wisely, young ones because the weapon you chose just might decide your fate in a battle. Now if you are skilled enough, you might not even need a weapon. But for some people like Qysterio Sayis, they might need them to make their warrior forms come forth and switch itself with the human form.  The other reason why you would need a weapon is if you are going into war and you just haven’t quite mastered all of your powers yet. 
You might even be able to make weapons of your own by using your warrior powers.	But as a great man once said, the powers choose the warrior and therefore how powerful you are is up to the powers you have and not yourself. This is because the warriors powers must agree with your mastery of them or you will never be able to master your powers.  Furliceo Woolsley is a great example of this.”
“How is he that?”I asked
“He tried to master his powers in such a way which didn’t make his powers proud with him at all and his powers made him even more corrupted by Rakif than he already had been at the time he had gotten the warrior powers which I speak of. Your weapons will decide what side you are on in this war we are about to have.  But fear not, this is only a training session and you may pick a different weapon every session, but, there may come a time when you have to choose your weapon and stick with it. At the time I speak of, you will have to decide for yourself which side you are going to be on. “
After Kama spoke his words he had spoken, we both chose our individual weapons. I chose a sword, Chaser picked a spear and everyone else picked a sword.
Kama pointed at a boy who was standing on the right side of me.
“What’s your name, shallow boy?”
“My name is Chaser Jerricus, sir.”
“You there, what is your name?”
“Me? My name is … Skyrid Crop.” I said.
“Well this fight will be an excellent one. We have two best friends fighting against each other. They will have to fight against each other. They both know they don’t want to fight each other, but they also know have to fight each other whether they want to or not. They'll only be able to use their powers if they have no other choice but to do so. ” Kama said, excitedly.
Chaser and I took our positions at our separate sides of the room which we were in. Chaser was straight across from me on the left side of the room. We raced towards each other and I swung my sword as Chaser swung his sword towards me. Our swords hit each other in the center of the room and I pushed with all my might and so did he and our skills matched at the moment, but I had a couple of tricks up my sleeve.
 I jumped up from the ground and I then landed in front of Chaser.  I didn’t want to do but I then used my sword to slice his sword into two halves. One of the halves was in his hand, and the other half was on the wooden floor with little blue lines on it in the room we were in at this point in time. Chaser then used his warrior powers by shooting a power beam which was the color of the sun towards my side of the room. I put my sword up against the power beam as soon as it came towards me.
The power beam which was the color of the sun hit me in the face and threw me up against the wall on his side of the room and Chaser mocked me, laughing.  I could barely stand at the moment, stood there on his legs like the pain just didn’t matter to him at this point in time. I ran towards his side of the room with my hands raised at him and, then Chaser threw another power beam at me and I hit with my sword and reflected it back towards Chaser.  Chaser was then hit in the chest and thrown back at the wall on his side of the room we were in at this time.
Chaser was on his knees this time. But,  Chaser  rose up from the ground and hit me with a beam of lightning!. The battle was over, and I was very surprised at Chaser's skills.
"Chaser! You never hit anyone with a  beam of lighting! You could've killed Skyrid!"
"I know. But, I'm still learning."
"Okay. But, you better not do that again! Is that clear?"
"Chaser got in trouble!"Nester chanted, laughing.
"Nester! Do you want dentition?"
"No."
"Then you better stop teasing people!"
Chaser and I then saw Kama’s pointer finger choose one of the next fighters in this next clash we were about to have.
“You with the bronze spear, I need your name now.”
“My name is Jaren James, sir.”
“So you’re the bully Skyrid burned.”
“Yes I am. But how did you know, Mr. Frazier?”
“My wife, Bastia Frazier was at the safehouse when it happened. But, maybe this fight with another student will teach you a few things about picking on other people who are stronger than you'll ever be.  Sure you talk a big game, but you haven’t mastered your warrior powers yet.  I hope with the grace of the Almighty, you won’t become evil and betray us like Sade did.” Kama said.  Then Kama pointed his finger at Jaren’s clashing opponent.
“You with the bronze staff that has a blade that looks like a question mark along the bottom of the staff!  Your name must be known!”
“You must be kidding! I am Nester Green, the boy who turned into a Lionix and I tried to kill Chaser Jerricus with all strength I had.”
“I know.  But you were beaten by Skyrid and he is only a first year.  He shouldn’t have beaten you and you should’ve been able to take him on and kill him.  I was peeking through the keyhole to the door to the room you were in and I saw the entire skirmish you had with Chaser Jerricus and you almost killed him.   Now you can avenge yourself, Nester and kill Skyrid‘s enemy, Jaren James.  Jaren will be an easy opponent for you to brawl against and, you should win against him easily if you make the right moves at the right times. Jaren has great power but doesn’t know how to use it goodly yet and you will teach him what he needs to know.” Kama Frazier said. Then Jaren and Nester took their positions. Nester was standing right beside Chaser and me and, Jaren was standing across from all three of us at the moment. Nester ran right towards Jaren with his staff in the air and Jaren did the same while he held up his spear in the air. They met in combat by hitting each other with their weapons and then Nester used the end of his staff and sliced the spear in Jaren’s hands into two halves.  Jaren stood up against the wall with Nester pointing his blade at him.
At that moment, I ran in front of Nester and pushed him back. I didn’t mean to do it but I pushed him all the way back to the other side of the room.
“Back off, Skyrid, I can fight my own fights!” Jaren shouted. 
“Okay, Jaren, I will. All I was trying to do was save your life. You know you can’t use your powers, because he’s a Dark warrior and so are you. This is not a battle you can win on your own, Jaren and you need as much help as you can get. “I said, trying to reason with Jaren.
“I might need help. But I don’t need your help, Skyrid.  This is not your fight and you are just making me look weaker and I am a whole lot stronger than you think I am.”
“I know you are, Jaren. But if you don’t let me help you, Nester will kill you! “
“He’s not going to kill me! You just threw him across the room, Skyrid.”
“Yes I did.  But you need to let me help you finish him.”I said.
“Okay, I will. It’s true; when he comes to I’ll need all the help I can get. Or we can just finish him while he’s knocked out. “
“Jaren and Skyrid, leave Nester alone! He has been beaten and you have no need to kill him!” Kama Shouted, trying to defend Nester.
“But, Mr. Frazier he was trying to kill Jaren!”I said, madly while glaring at Kama.
“Skyrid, I know he was trying to kill Jaren. But revenge is not the answer!” said Mr. Frazier, with anger towards me.
“If revenge is not the answer; then why are we fighting for Kodyack and Pedro’s freedom when we can just look more closely at the place Kodyack and Pedro were kidnapped?” I asked, conclusively.
“We are fighting to get back Pedro and Kodyack, because we want to do what’s right.”Mr. Frazier said, running his fingers through his blond hair.
“Exactly what I mean and I want to also do the same thing.  But violence is not the answer and we should try other methods.  One of these methods could be helping me prepare for my audition to get on the brawl Blade wants me to be in.”
“Okay. How can I help? I mean your dad was really good.”Kama said, anxiously.
“You can help me decide who I’m going to fight against for my audition, Mr. Frazier.”I suggested, kindly.
“You should fight against Nester because you’ve shown that you can beat him really easily.”Mr. Frazier suggested as a smile appeared on his face.
“Alright, then I will fight him. I should be able to make my father proud if I do.”I said, proudly.
“Yes you should be able to make a good impression with the fight; if you just do the best you can.”Kama said, with hope in his words.
“Thanks for the help.  The second method could be to look closer at the scene of the crime. What I mean is you and all the other students can look for more evidence in Kodyack’s bedroom to make sure Blade isn’t being framed.”I said, gladly while being curious about whether or not Blade could be being framed for the kidnapping of Kodyack Blues and Pedro Jerricus, or, he could have done it. 
‘But who really knows for sure?’


 



Chapter 14 My Audition
The western Sun’s rays hit my face.  I opened my eyes.  I got out of bed.  I picked out a light blue shirt and black jeans from my dresser.  I went to the bathroom.  I came out with my hair dripping.  I had the clothes I picked out on. I threw my dirty clothes in the laundry chute. 
Chaser snored as I tiptoed to my dresser. I tapped on my communicator. My dad’s face appeared. 
“Hiya, dad. I have some bad news.” 
“What is it?” my dad said. 
“Pedro and Kodyack were kidnapped.” I said. 
“When?” my dad said. 
“Yesterday.” I said. 
“I don’t know what to say.” my dad said. 
“I entered the Warrior Power Battle Competition.” I said.
“Who’re you fighting for your audition?” my dad said. 
“Nester Green.” I said.
“Who is that?” my dad said. 
“A boy from my class.” I said.
“Okay.” my dad said.  
“Are you okay with me fighting Nester?” I said.
“Sure I am. I fought Sade for my audition.” my dad said. 
“Cool.” I said. 
“I’m coming to visit you.” my dad said.
“Where are you now?”
“I’m just about to walk into a brown portal.”
“I’ll meet you at the front of the castle.”
I ran out the boys’ dorm door. I stood in front of the fireplace. I shot a orb of light at the fireplace. It slid backwards. I walked into a narrow hallway. At the end of it, was a golden pedestal with a red orb carved into it. 
I touched it. A door appeared. I opened it. I appeared in the Hall of Sayis Dragons. I ran out the double doors and to the front doors. 
I opened them. My dad and my mom were in front of me. 
“Hiya, dad. Any news on Crystal?” I said.  
“No. But, our house has become a crime scene. So we're looking for a temporary home.” my dad said.
“We’re thinking about moving in with Grandpa Judedick. “ my mom said. 
“Wow. I didn’t know Crystal’s kidnapping made such an impact.” I said. 
“Oh, it has. I still can’t forget the alarms going on as she screamed.” my mom said. 
“Neither can I.” My dad said. I lead them inside.  Alarms blared.  A red orb appeared.  It materialized into Furliceo. Mitchell appeared.
 Furliceo shot a orb of darkness towards me.  Mitchell jumped in front of me. The orb hit him as Furliceo disappeared in a flash of lightning.We all ran up to him. I picked him up and took him to hospital hall. A lady dressed in white came towards us. 
“Hi. I’m Beatrice Frazier. What seems to be the problem?” she said.
“My brother was hit by a orb of darkness. Can you help him?” I said.
“Sure. I’ll try. Lay him down on the bed.” Beatrice said.
I laid Mitchell on the bed. Beatrice hooked him up I.V. and a heart monitor. It beeped as his heart rate dropped. I touched him. His heart rate rose. 
Mitchell opened his eyes. I hugged him tightly. Nester appeared.
“Skyrid, it’s time for our audition.” he said.
“Alright. But what about Mitchell?” I said.
“You can leave him. He needs his rest.” Beatrice said.
A green portal appeared. We walked into it. We appeared in front of a huge Colosseum. It was heavily guarded by guardians. My dad walked up to them. 
“I’m a Sayis. So let us in.” he said. The guards backed away. We all walked into the Colosseum. There was a battle going on. It was between a shady black boy and Furliceo. They both were dressed in armor. Furliceo was in his Sayis form. The shady black kid was in green samurai armor. 
The shady black kid threw a clear white beam at Furliceo. Furliceo dodged it by turning into a fluorescent orb. Materializing, Furliceo threw an orb of darkness at the kid. The shady black kid threw a beam of light at it. Furliceo threw a beam of darkness at the orb. They both stretched back and forth as the orb expanded. Bang! It exploded; throwing them both against the wall. The referee went between them.
“This battle is a draw!” he said, blowing his whistle. Furliceo and the shady black kid were taken to hospital hall. Nester and I went onto the battlefield. We got into our battle positions. A man in a suit tie came in between us. 
“That’s my son out there! ” my mom shouted from the crowd. 
“Now presenting our Judges. Jason Steele,” the man said. 
A white man came into the Colosseum. He was wearing a silver jacket, a blue dress shirt, and Jeans. He had baby blue eyes. 
“Grid Haser,” 
A man came into the Colosseum. He had pasty white face. Silver glasses lay over his green eyes. He was wearing a black suit, a red dress shirt, and black pants. He was bald.  They both sat down at the judges table behind us. 
“And, Jasine Gray.” 
A woman came into the Colosseum.  She had a milky white face. Her eyes were a mint green. Her brown hair was hanging down by her shoulders. She was wearing a black dress that showed her boobs.
She sat beside the other Judges. The announcer backed away from the middle of us as the referee stood in between us. 
“Fight!” he yelled. He backed away. I threw a beam of light into the air. Armor formed onto me.It was yellow.  
Nester threw a beam of darkness into the air.  Red armor formed onto him. I threw a beam of light at Nester. Nester threw an orb of Darkness at the beam. I swayed back and forth.
 I strained in pain as the energy in my body drained out. Sweat drenched my face.Nester threw a beam of darkness at the orb. We both swayed back and forth as we strained to keep power on each of our sides. The orb exploded; throwing both of us against the walls.
We both fell to the ground. I got up despite the pain in my chest. Nester got up. I threw a beam of light at him; throwing him against the wall. Nester fell to the ground. 
Nester got in a crawling position. Brown fur appeared on him. His hands and feet turned into paws. His fingers turned into claws.  A mane appeared on his neck. His green eyes turned black. Whiskers grew out of his face. Nester roared.
Nester jumped into the air. Phoenix wings grew out of his back. I threw a beam of light at Nester. He flew into the air to dodge it. Nester landed on top of me. The referee came in between us; pushing Nester off of me. 
“Nester has won the first round. Now for round two.”
  Nester flew over to his side of the battlefield. I got up. I threw a beam of light at Nester. He flew over it. I threw an orb of light and a beam of light at Nester. They both hit him; throwing him against the wall. The referee came in between us again. 
“Skyrid is the winner of round two. The final round starts now.” he said. The Ref. backed away. Nester fell down and turned back into his warrior form. He threw a beam of darkness at me.  I dodged it by swaying side to side. I threw a green orb at Nester. 
The crowd cheered as the orb hit him; it pushed him back a few feet. Sweat dripped off my face.  I threw a beam of lightning at Nester. It threw him against the wall. Nester fell to the ground. The Referee blew his whistle as he came up to me. He forced my hand into the air. 
“The winner, Skyrid Crop!” he said. The announcer walked into the center of the battlefield. 
“Judges, do you accept Skyrid into the competition?” he said. Jason looked up. 
“Skyrid, you have a very unique fighting style. You beat a Lionix! Which is amazing! I mean, you did spectacular! Yes, I accept him!” he said. Jasine looked at me. 
“Jeffrey, I loved this fight. You announced it well. It was just dang gum amazing! So, it’s a yes from me.” she said. Grid stared at me.
“I cannot believe my eyes. You beat a mythical creature! I’m just totally speechless! Yes, you can fight in this competition!” he said. 
 We all walked out of the Colosseum. My dad opened a two blue portals. Nester and I walked into the first one as my mom and dad walked into the second one. 




























Chapter 15 A Battle against a Girl 
I woke up with Jamie’s grassy green eyes in my vision. She shook me. 
“Get up and get dressed. I have to take you to meet our new student.” she said. 
I got up and headed to the bathroom. I came out of shower with my hair dripping and I had on a red t-shirt and blue jeans on. Jamie led me to the fireplace. She touched the orb carved into it. We both turned into Camouflage orbs. Our vision was tunneled. A ocean blue portal appeared. We flew into it.  
Materializing, we appeared in front of the castle. We turned around. A girl was standing in front of us. She was wearing a black shirt and jeans. Her dark brown hair was hanging down by her shoulders. Her eyes glowed. Her face was milky white. Jamie stood in between us. 
“Oh, you must be Annathea Foxx.  Skyrid, this is the girl you will be partnering with in the competition. “Jamie said.
“Hi, I am Skyrid Crop and it is nice to meet you Annathea. “I said, politely.
“Your skills didn’t get you in. Your dad did.” Annathea said.
“That’s not true!” I said.
“Yes it is! Nester let you win!” Anna said.
I ran at her. Jamie broke us up.
“Break it up! Anna, shut it!”
Jamie rushed Annathea and I inside.  She led us out of Pedro’s office and down the long corridor.  When we had gotten to the end of the hallway, there was a green pedestal.
Landing on the ground of a triangular room with many battlefields, we saw a man with auburn hair, green eyes, a black shirt, a velvet vest and white pants standing in the middle of the room.  
“Skyrid and Annathea, meet Jared Riker. He’ll be your new weapons master and the coach for all warrior battles.”  Annathea and I ran onto a battlefield. I stood on the right. Anna stood across from me.
I raised my right hand to the sky. Jamie motioned to me.
“You can’t do that!” she said.
“Wait! Why?!” I said
“The Warrior council has this rule that you can’t fight a person who hasn’t learned how to use their warrior form if you use warrior powers during a fight against a Cithian.”
 After Jamie spoke, I threw a beam of light towards Annathea and, then Annathea sucked my power beam into an orb of light.  Throwing the orb of light at me, Annathea knocked me down onto the ground. My chest seared with pain. The pain spreads to my legs. I can’t get up no matter what I try.
I totally underestimated Anna. I am not gonna stop fighting though.
I get up. I take some deep breaths. I shoot an orb of light towards Anna. She shoots an orb of light towards my orb.
Hitting against each other, the orbs combined into a huge orb of power and then the orb lit itself on fire.
Splitting itself two fireballs, the power orb shot a fireball straight towards me and the other fireball went towards Annathea.  As soon as we tossed orbs of water at the fireballs, smoke emerged from the fireballs and rose up slowly to the ceiling.  
 We all got down on our hands and knees. We crawled over to a door. Jamie opened it. Inside it were two big white poles. Annathea, Jamie and I joined hands. We appeared in my dorm.
I walked in front of the fireplace with Anna in my arms. 
“This is Anna, our new roommate. “
“Well, hello. My name is Chaser.” Chaser said. 
“I’m so excited to have a new girl to hang around with.” Caitlyn said. 
“Me too.” said Karrithea
“Everyone clear out of here. I want some alone time with Anna.”
They all  went to their dorms. I looked at Anna. She looked at me. I kissed her on her lips. She slapped me. 
“I don’t like you! You’re a cheat!” she said. 
“How am I that?” I said. 
“Nester let you win because you two are best friends. So, you cheated your way into the competition.” Anna said. 
“No! I didn’t! Nester’s my enemy, not my friend.” I said. 
“But you two just seem so compatible.”  Anna said. 
“We’re not. We are enemies.” I said. 
“Fine. You didn’t cheat.”
“Alright, Good. Can you help me come up with a strategy for the competition?”
“Sure. How about a combination orb?”
“What’s that?” I said. 
“It’s an orb made out of two orbs mixed together.” Anna said.
 “Cool. So like a fusion orb?” I said. 
 “Yeah.” Anna said. 
“Did you know Kodyack and Pedro were kidnapped?”
“No. But, I heard that your sister was kidnapped on the news.”
“I still can’t believe they’re gone. I mean, Pedro is a Sayis. So, he could’ve...”
“That’s why you got into competition. To get to Pedro, Kodyack and Crystal so you can save them.” 
“Yeah. That’s the reason.” I said. 
“Well, you’re gonna have a hard time with that.  The word is that these captors are pretty strong. Some say the mastermind might even be a Striker.” 
“A Striker?”
“Yeah.” 
“You mean, I could get killed if I lose!?”
“Yep. “
“Then, I better have a good strategy.” 
“You’re right. I have something that might help.”
Anna pulled something out of her left pocket. She laid it down on the table. It was a pencil. I heard a voice. 
“So, you’re Skyrid Crop.” It said.
“Your pencil! It can talk!” I said. 
“Sure it can. It’s a talking pencil.” 
“Where’d you get it?”
“I found it in a cave just outside Siraka.”
“That’s rad, girl!”
“Thanks. So what was your malfunction like?”
“Anger arose in my veins. White orbs went into my hands. Beams of light shot out of them.”
“Cool. So it was like a anger episode?”
“Yes.” 
“Well, my mine was kinda like that too. I was having a fight with my little brother, Pacer.  On this day I turned twelve and Pacer said happy birthday to the freak.  Then I grabbed him and pushed him up against the wall.  As I held him up against the wall, smoke start to rise up from my hands and then I looked at them and noticed that they had lit on fire.” Anna said, messing with her hair nervously. 
“Wow. That seems pretty normal for a Cithian. How’d you react when your parents told you’re a Cithian?” I said. 
“I was speechless. Just scared for my life. How’d you react when you were told?”
“About the same. I mean, I was captured by the strikers before I was told.” I said.
“Captured? So what it was like?”
“They put me in a blue jumpsuit. They paired me with a zombified boy who thought that the Strikers were good people.” I said.
“Well, he’s wrong. You know, Cithians used to be war heroes.” 
“Really? How?”
“They fought in the interdimensional War of 1885 and the war of Darkomega.” 
“I know. But, people want the same freedom as Cithians have because of their powers.” 
“Yeah. True. That’ll never change. People will always be jealous of the Cithians.” 
“You’re right. Because of our powers people will always be jealous.” 
“Exactly. Cithians are totally misunderstood.” 
“So, let’s get back on subject. What strategy should I use in the competition?” 
“Fusion beams and Combination orbs.” 
“What’s a fusion beam?” 
“It’s a beam made out of two beams mixed together.” 
“Cool. But, will it work?” 
“It should.” 
Anna yawned. 
“I think it’s time we hit the hay.” 
“Me too.” 
We both took our showers and went to bed. 


    






















Chapter 16 The Syirics Return With Backup
Alarms blared as lightning flashed outside and Syirics appeared. I could hear Kaiser scream as soon as I awoke. A voice came over the intercom. 
“All students report to the Hall of Sayis Dragons.”
We all rushed to the front room. Nester touched the orb carved into the fireplace banister. We all appeared in the Hall of Sayis Dragons. The Servants of Sayis’ were already sitting at their assigned tables. Jamie was gone. We all took our seats. Kaiser stood up. 
“Last night and early this morning, we had a massive Syiric attack. Jamie was injured severely so she was sent home.” he said. Chaser stood up. 
“So, now we’re down to three teachers! How do we know you didn’t have something to do with this?”
Kaiser stretched out his hands. One was normal, though I could see a black burn on the left side. The other one was robotic. It looked to be made of silver metal. The fingers were longer than his other hand's. Gray and red wires were bunched at his wrist, extending through each finger. I stood up. 
“But how can you protect us with that injury?” I said. 
“I am making Fader Jacobs the substitute for Jamie. And, I’m putting all of you under the protection of four of the seven guardians of this school.”
The Double doors opened and Kaiser sat down as Fader and 4 other people in armor walked in. Fader was black-skinned. His gray hair stood up on end. His brown eyes sparkled like jewels. He was wearing a green cloak.  Standing in front us, Fader said:
“My name is Fader Jacobs. I must say it’s an honor to stand in front of all of you and see what path you choose to take.  And, I know we’re on the verge of a possible war here. Kaiser has informed me we had a massive Syiric attack. So we’re now on high alert!”
“Yes we are. But, you need to train us to fight in this war.”I said
“ No. The students will not fight in this war.”
“We just want to protect all the Cithians and you need all the help you can get.” I said
“Yes I do. Unfortunately, we would be putting not only your life at risk , but everybody else’s too.”
“Exactly. Sometimes innocent people have to die for Kursta’s purposes succeed.” Chaser said
“No they don’t! We don’t have to fight!” Fader said.
“Yes we do. You may not realize it, but, Bloodshed is doing all they can to kill us off one by one. First, it was Kama and now, both Jamie and Kaiser have been injured.” I said.
“Skyrid, you’re just a kid! And, Furliceo would beat you head to head. Although, Mr.Riker has informed me that he’ll be teaching all of you how to turn into an animal from.”
"We could use that in the battle!"
"No. Skyrid, it'd be better if warriors in training didn't fight in this battle."
“Why?”
“You don’t have the experience needed for the fight.”
“So you want just the Adults to fight this war?”
”Yes.”
“Look, if only adults fight, we’ll be extremely outnumbered.”
“True.  But, that’s not my only plan. You’ll be getting training to fight in this war from the School Guardians that you see behind you, Natasha Regatta, Drayer Jets, Shais Kames, and Lane Raider and they’ll also be taking you to your classes.We’re at war and I can’t put anymore lives at risk. If you are not with them I hope to Kursta that nothing will happen to you.”
“What’s going on with all these attacks?!” Chaser shouted, beating his fists on the table as his plate rattled on the table.
“I think Bloodshed is trying to weaken us.” Nester said.
“ No. They’re Villains. And, they want the helios parts.”I said.
“Why can’t they just take them and get it over with?!”Chaser said..
“Because Skyrid has...It’s one...”
“But, why can’t Skyrid just destroy it?”
“It can only be destroyed all at once and not in parts. He’d have to connect all five parts before he does that.”
“Oh. I wonder who has the other parts.”
“I have one part and my brothers have the others.” I said, looking at Chaser.
“Then who has the fifth part?”Chaser said
“I don’t know.” I said, shrugging.
“Maybe your dad has it.”Chaser said
“That’d explain him panicking over all of this.”
“Yeah, he knows Furliceo is looking for him. He doesn't want to endanger you.” Nester said
“I have a feeling he wants all the parts and not just mine.”
“True. He probably needs all five parts.”Chaser said
“What for though?” Nester said
“Maybe he wants to heal himself completely.” Zane said
“That would explain why he tried to kill Mitchell.”
“ He’s  gonna be on a killing raid until you give him all of the helios parts.”Chaser said
“Exactly. If the Sayis Council sees that he can’t be trusted he’ll no longer be a Sayis.” I said
“You’re right. We’ve got to find him and bring him to them.”
“Chaser, you’re crazy! He’s more powerful than we are. Plus, we don’t know where the Sayis’ live!”
“Yes we do. In that forest by the Forbidden Cemetery.”
“That’s not where they live! It’s where the Sword of the Sayis’ is !”
“Then how’d you explain the man with five dragon heads?”
“ He was protecting the Cemetery.”
“Why?”
“Because it’s forbidden.”
“I think that he’s hiding something.”
“He may be right, Slyer. The Man looks exactly like Gade. Just look at the comparison.”Jaren said, holding his phone up.
He had the same cognac eyes, the same crooked nose and the same wrinkles in his face.
“You’re  right. He does . But, the Pedestals are very hard to control!”
“Right. I’ll be doing that part.”Nester said
“Okay. But, what if we get caught by the Hydra Sayis again?”I said
“We all attack him at once.”
“That’s just your theory. We need to stick with me fighting Pedro and Kodyack’s captors.”
“Why Skyrid?”
“Just in case I meet a Sayis and fight them. They can take me to the Sword of the Sayis Council.”
“True. But, what if you never get that chance? What if neither captor is a Sayis?”
“I’ll take that risk. And Today, Anna and I will fight against both of them.”
“What if the School Guardian that you fought is the mastermind behind all of this?”
“That’s not possible, Nester. She wears a white cape, not one that’s black with green stripes.”
“Yeah, but she might be a Bloodshed spy. How else could they get into the Castle without getting caught?”
“It makes since. But, what if the second kidnapper is able to change their human form like Pedro can?”
“Skyrid, only light sayis can do that.”Chaser said
“Why?” I asked
“All people have the ability that allows them to shape-shift while their good, but once their dark that ability disappears, because it needs the light to live.” Nester said
“True. But, she could disguise herself to deceive us all.”  I said, tapping my fingers on the table.
“How?”
“She could just be disguised as Pedro and trick us all.”
“No she couldn’t! We all know he’s kidnapped!”
‘What if Furliceo is already here?” I said
“What do you mean?”
“What if he’s disguised as the new teacher, Jared Riker?”
“Not possible, Skyrid.”
“Actually it is if Jared starts acting all weird.”
 “Okay. But aren’t those powers only allowed while around Ganters?”
“What are Ganters?” Zane asked
“They’re people without warrior powers.” Chaser said  
“Now, Furliceo has broken a lot of rules already. Who’s to say that he’ll stop now?”
“No one. But can’t you just connect the five parts and destroy it?”
“No. As far as I know, it was created by Adagar and Gadrid Markson. So it must be destroyed by them.”
“I thought Gadrid  was dead.”
“He is. That’s why we can’t destroy it.”
Jared rose up from his seat.
“Now, if all of you are done, I will take you to your first class.”
All of us rose as Jared and Drayer  led everyone out of the Hall of Sayis Dragons except Anna and I.
“Anna and Skyrid,right?”Fader said as stood in  front of us.
“Yes. We’re them.” We said in unison.
“Good. Then, take my hands and I’ll transport us to the Cousellium.”
Anna and I laid our hands in his and instantly we turned into white orbs. Our vision was very blurry as we sucked into what looked like a gray portal. Materializing, we appeared in front of the Cousellium.
“Are you and Anna ready for your first training session?”
“I am. What about you, Anna?”
“I’m ready to destroy Bloodshed!”
“Alright, then let’s walk into the center of the dome.”
Walking into the arena along with Fader, Anna and I went to our separate sides. I chose the left and Anna chose the right. Fader stood in the center and I stared at him as I got into my battle position.
“Anna, to turn into your warrior form you have to either throw a beam of light into the air or a beam of Darkness. This will choose which side you are on;Bloodshed or the Servants of light. And just in case you chose the light side, I’ll teach you both how to turn into your Mythical Creature Form.”
Throwing a beam of light into the air, I watched as Anna did the same.
“Wait, one of you gonna have to be in Mythical creature for this to work!”
“Okay. How do we choose that?”
“We’ll play a game.”
“What kind?” Anna asked
“I’m going to shoot orb of power into the air and the first person to hit it with a power beam before it hits the ground will be turned into a mythical creature. Neither of you can use your warrior form. But, you can use power beams to hit it like I said before. If you tie, which isn’t very likely, a sword will be put in the center of the battlefield and you’ll have to bring onto your side using your powers. Sound fair?”
“Yes.” We said in unison.
“Good. Then, let’s begin.” Fader said throwing a half-blue, half-green orb into the air. Shooting a beam of light at the orb, I watched Anna shoot a blue beam of power at it and hit it first. She grew phoenix wings out back, her head turned into a Cerebus head as another one grew on each of her shoulders and orange hair covered the rest body as her ripped clothes were thrown beside her.
“Skyrid, you can now turn into your Warrior Form.”
Throwing a beam of light into the air, I turned into my warrior form and Anna flew towards me as all of her heads snarled at me.
“Skyrid, quick throw an orb into the air and catch it!”
“What’ll that do?’
“It’ll give you a certain weapon depending upon which color orb you throw.”
“Alright, I’ll do it. “
I threw a gray orb into the air, and jumping up, caught it and a spear appeared in my hands. Anna now stood right in front of me as I threw a beam of light at her. She was pushed back a few inches and then flew up into the air and threw a green orb towards me and I threw a beam of fire at it. Flying towards her orb, Anna knocked it out of the way of the fire-beam and flew up into the air to dodge my beam of fire. All of sudden my Warrior form started fading in and out.
“What’s going on?”
“You’ve lost all of your energy, Skyrid.”
“What do you mean?”
“Every time you shoot powers while in your warrior form it’ll take a portion of your body energy and depending on the type of power you use whether it be beam or orbs it will use it. Orbs will take the most energy and Beams will take the least and a combination of the two will take all of it.”
“Darn! I so wanted to beat Anna!” I said as my warrior form faded out.
“Anna, to turn back into yourself you must land back on the ground, get on your knees and focus on your human form. And Skyrid, I advise you to get outside of this arena or you’ll see Anna bucknaked.”
I watched as Anna landed on the ground, got on her knees and closed her eyes as she turned into her human form but with wings still attached to her.
“Miss Fox, you have to think fully of your human form, not partially.”
“Sorry, it’s just so hard.”
Running out of the Arena, I saw the Coliseum doors shut behind me as I felt a dark presence coming out of the shadows.
“He’s gonna be on a killing raid until you give him all of the Helios parts.” Chaser said
“Exactly. If the Sayis Council sees that he can’t be trusted he’ll no longer be a Sayis.” I said
“You’re right. We’ve got to find him and bring him to them.”
“Chaser, you’re crazy! He’s more powerful than we are. Plus, we don’t know where the Sayis’ live!”
“Yes we do. In that forest by the Forbidden Cemetery.”
“That’s not where they live! It’s where the Sword of the Sayis’ is !”
“Then how’d you explain the man with five dragon heads?”
“ He was protecting the Cemetery.”
“Why?”
“Because it’s forbidden.”
“I think that he’s hiding something.”
“He may be right, Slyer. The Man looks exactly like Gade. Just look at the comparison.”Jaren said, holding his phone up.
He had the same cognac eyes, the same crooked nose and the same wrinkles in his face.
“You’re  right. He does . But, the Pedestals are very hard to control!”
“Right. I’ll be doing that part.”Nester said
“Okay. But, what if we get caught by the Hydra Sayis again?”I said
“We all attack him at once.”
“That’s just your theory. We need to stick with me fighting Pedro and Kodyack’s captors.”
“Why Skyrid?”
“Just in case I meet a Sayis and fight them. They can take me to the Sword of the Sayis Council.”
“True. But, what if you never get that chance? What if neither captor is a Sayis?”
“I’ll take that risk. And Today, Anna and I will fight against both of them.”
“What if the School Guardian that you fought is the mastermind behind all of this?”
“That’s not possible, Nester. She wears a white cape, not one that’s black with green stripes.”
“Yeah, but she might be a Bloodshed spy. How else could they get into the Castle without getting caught?”
“It makes since. But, what if the second kidnapper is able to change their human form like Pedro can?”
“Skyrid, only light sayis can do that.”Chaser said
“Why?” I asked
“All people have the ability that allows them to shape-shift while their good, but once their dark that ability disappears, because it needs the light to live.” Nester said
“True. But, she could disguise herself to deceive us all.”  I said, tapping my fingers on the table.
“How?”
“She could just be disguised as Pedro and trick us all.”
“No she couldn’t! We all know he’s kidnapped!”
‘What if Furliceo is already here?” I said
“What do you mean?”
“What if he’s disguised as the new teacher, Jared Riker?”
“Not possible, Skyrid.”
“Actually it is if Jared starts acting all weird.”
 “Okay. But aren’t those powers only allowed while around Ganters?”
“What are Ganters?” Zane asked
“They’re people without warrior powers.” Chaser said  
“Now, Furliceo has broken a lot of rules already. Who’s to say that he’ll stop now?”
“No one. But can’t you just connect the five parts and destroy it?”
“No. As far as I know, it was created by Adagar and Gadrid Markson. So it must be destroyed by them.”
“I thought Gadrid was dead.”
“He is. That’s why we can’t destroy it.”
Jared rose up from his seat.
“Now, if all of you are done, I will take you to your first class.”
All of us rose as Jared and Drayer  led everyone out of the Hall of Sayis Dragons except Anna and I.
“Anna and Skyrid,right?”Fader said as stood in  front of us.
“Yes. We’re them.” We said in unison.
“Good. Then, take my hands and I’ll transport us to the Cousellium.”
Anna and I laid our hands in his and instantly we turned into white orbs. Our vision was very blurry as we sucked into what looked like a gray portal. Materializing, we appeared in front of the Cousellium.
“Are you and Anna ready for your first training session?”
“I am. What about you, Anna?”
“I’m ready to destroy Bloodshed!”
“Alright, then let’s walk into the center of the dome.”
Walking into the arena along with Fader, Anna and I went to our separate sides. I chose the left and Anna chose the right. Fader stood in the center and I stared at him as I got into my battle position.
“Anna, to turn into your warrior form you have to either throw a beam of light into the air or a beam of Darkness. This will choose which side you are on;Bloodshed or the Servants of light. And just in case you chose the light side, I’ll teach you both how to turn into your Mythical Creature Form.”
Throwing a beam of light into the air, I watched as Anna did the same.
“Wait, one of you gonna have to be in Mythical creature for this to work!”
“Okay. How do we choose that?”
“We’ll play a game.”
“What kind?” Anna asked
“I’m going to shoot orb of power into the air and the first person to hit it with a power beam before it hits the ground will be turned into a mythical creature.Neither of you can use your warrior form. But, you can use power beams to hit it like I said before. If you tie, which isn’t very likely, a sword will be put in the center of the battlefield and you’ll have to bring onto your side using your powers. Sound fair?”
“Yes.” We said in unison.
“Good. Then, let’s begin.” Fader said throwing a half-blue, half-green orb into the air. Shooting a beam of light at the orb, I watched Anna shoot a blue beam of power at it and hit it first. She grew phoenix wings out back, her head turned into a Cerberus head as another one grew on each of her shoulders and orange hair covered the rest body as her ripped clothes were thrown beside her.
“Skyrid, you can now turn into your Warrior Form.”
Throwing a beam of light into the air, I turned into my warrior form and Anna flew towards me as all of her heads snarled at me.
“Skyrid, quick throw an orb into the air and catch it!”
“What’ll that do?’
“It’ll give you a certain weapon depending upon which color orb you throw.”
“Alright, I’ll do it. “
I threw a gray orb into the air, and jumping up, caught it and a spear appeared in my hands. Anna now stood right in front of me as I threw a beam of light at her. She was pushed back a few inches and then flew up into the air and threw a green orb towards me and I threw a beam of fire at it. Flying towards her orb, Anna knocked it out of the way of the fire-beam and flew up into the air to dodge my beam of fire. All of sudden my Warrior form started fading in and out.
“What’s going on?”
“You’ve lost all of your energy, Skyrid.”
“What do you mean?”
“Every time you shoot powers while in your warrior form it’ll take a portion of your body energy and depending on the type of power you use whether it be beam or orbs it will use it. Orbs will take the most energy and Beams will take the least and a combination of the two will take all of it.”
“Darn! I so wanted to beat Anna!” I said as my warrior form faded out.
“Anna, to turn back into yourself you must land back on the ground, get on your knees and focus on your human form. And Skyrid, I advise you to get outside of this arena or you’ll see Anna bucknaked.”
I watched as Anna landed on the ground, got on her knees and closed her eyes as she turned into her human form but with wings still attached to her.
“Miss Fox, you have to think fully of your human form, not partially.”
“Sorry, it’s just so hard.”
Running out of the Arena, I saw the Coliseum doors shut behind me as I felt a dark presence coming out of the shadows.













Chapter 17 The Mastermind Revealed 
Throwing a beam of darkness at me, Nancy threw me up against the Coliseum doors and I hit my head on the door handle. Getting up from the ground, I saw Nancy and Jakin standing in front of me with Nancy’s hands glowing and she was wearing a green necklace around her neck.
“How’d you get past...”
She attacked me again with an orb of darkness and blood gushed from my arms. Suddenly, Anna appeared in a flaming red dress, attacked Nancy and Jakin with a beam of light and they were thrown across the yard.  I watched as she threw a glass ball at them, and when it exploded, they were put in a 30-second bubble with red electric jolts around it.
“Why are you...”
Anna lifted the hem of dress up, and revealed a pendent with the Sayis’ symbols and a black eye attached to it, which meant she was in the Eyes for Good Spy Program. Anna looked at me.
“Anna leave now! There’s not time for us to both escape.”
“No! I can’t!”
The bubble dissolved and Nancy threw an orb of darkness at Anna. She barely blocked it with a beam of light and threw it back at Nancy as the green necklace broke apart with a burst of light.
“No!”Nancy screamed
Nancy leapt toward Jakin and Anna attacked her with an orb of light.
“What’s going on?”
“Jakin help me!” Anna screamed.
Jakin threw a green beam at Nancy.
“Jakin, I’m your Master, not her!”
“Don’t listen to her. She possessed you!”
“Possessed? Well, I oughta kill you!”Jakin said, looking at Nancy. He threw a red orb at her and three orbs then appeared. One was green, the second was yellow and the last was white.Materializing, they turned into three Guardians dress in white capes and two of them tackled Nancy and other walked up to me.
“Are you Skyrid?”the guardian said
“Yes. Why?”
“I’m Drayer and I received an alert that you had been attacked by Nancy.”
“I have. But, why else are you here?”
All of a sudden more orbs appeared and materialized into guardians.
“We need to go. Anna and Skyrid hold my hands.”
Natasha opened a blue portal as Nancy threw the guardians off her and walked towards us
“Don’t you dare harm them!” Natasha said, standing in front of Nancy.“
“I won’t as long as Skyrid wins against me in a duel.”
“I’m sorry but, he’s too hurt to fight.”
"You can fight him in one hour."
“He should be healed then.”
“ I accept!”
“Why?”Jakin said
“It’ll save lives.”I said
“Fine! The fight will be in one hour.” Drayer said.
We walked into the portal and appeared in the infirmary as I was put into a bed and the nurse appeared and walked up to me.
“You must’ve been in a bloody fight.” She said
“Nancy...”
“Save your energy. You need rest!”
She wrapped gauze pads around my arms and I felt a stinging pain  in my wrists as they burned.
“Your power rings must’ve been hit.”
“My what?”I said, as the pain grew worse.
“The rings in your wrists that control your powers.”
“Right.”
“Anyways, you need to be asleep for now.”
“What about the fight?”
“I’ll heal you. But in the meantime, you need to rest!”
The Nurse placed her hands on my forehead and I felt a sudden burst of energy.
“Settle down! You need rest!”
“Why?”
“Your arms have to heal.”
“Can’t you just heal my arms too?”
“No. I can only heal body energy.”
I closed my eyes and an hour later, I awoke.
“You’re awake! Good, we need to take you to the fight!”Drayer said, handing me my some new clothes. I slid them on and we all touched hands as we disappeared and reappeared in front of the Consilium. Walking into the Arena,  I went on the left side as Nancy got on the other and Anna and Jakin cheered me on. Throwing a beam of light into the air, I watched as Nancy threw a beam of Darkness into the air,  and her guardian armor appear on her as I turned into my warrior form. But this time around, her guardian from was half black and she held a red sword in her right hand.
The crowd went into a dread silence as Nancy threw a beam of darkness towards me and I dodged it. I shot a green beam at her. She threw it back. I dodged it with a somersault. I threw another beam at her.
“Give up,Skyrid?”
“Never! People are counting on me!”
I threw a orb of light at her and she threw a orb of darkness towards it. They combined together and exploding, they threw both of us against our separate walls. The pain in body from the fight  was getting worse and I couldn’t get up no matter how hard I tried. Nancy got up from the ground  and raised her fists to the sky as my warrior form faded out.
“I have beaten Skyrid. He’ll now be my prisoner. And anyone who dares challenge me will be taken as well.” Nan said, laughing evilly. Guardians helped me up.
“Let him go! He’s my prisoner now!”
They dropped me and I passed out as she opened a gray portal and dragged me into it.





 

  





 














Chapter 18 Jaren’s Imprisonment. 
I woke up. I tried to move my arms but, they just went back towards the wall. I tried to move my feet too but the same thing happened. I noticed I was chained to the wall. Looking around the room, I saw that it had dirt, dust and cobwebs all over the place and there was a computer with green and red buttons on it along with a joystick in the middle in front of me that had two blue lamps on each side, on my left was Pedro and Kodyack and on my right, was my sister.
Pedro’s face was less white than usual, and his beard was overgrown. Kodyack’s eyes were very watery, his hair was unkempt, and he had bruises on his arms and legs along with his clothes having holes in them and him smelling like gym socks. Crystal’s hair was only to her shoulders (her hair is usually down past her shoulders) she was palest of them all  and her face was green. She threw up onto the floor as she coughed harshly. They all looked at me.   
“Skyrid?” They all said in unison.
 “Pedro, Kodyack and Crystal? How can this be?”
“They’re my prisoners too, Skyrid.”Nancy said, walking into the room.
“You won’t get away with it, Nancy! Anna and the Cithians will rescue us!”
“How?They have no clue where you are!”
“True. But Kevin does.”
“Who?”
“He used to be a member of Bloodshed.”
“And what makes you think he can help you now?”
I became silent as she laughed at me.  
“Exactly. No one can help you now.”
“Why would you do this, Nancy?”Kodyack said
“How’d you become evil anyway?” Pedro said
“You imprisoned Sade. And he was my best friend.” Nancy said
“How does that have anything to do with this?”Kodyack said
“It doesn’t. But, I need your services, Kodyack.”Nancy said
“What for? So you can make more Darkomegas?”
“Yes. You must go back to Gailems and...”
“Leave him alone!” I said, trying to shoot a beam of light at her.
“It’s no use, Skyrid. The chains suck all your powers into them.”
“Let us go!”Crystal said.
“Or what, Winter Warrior?”
“Winter Warrior? What’s she mean?”I said
“Nothing, Skyrid. It isn’t important.”Crystal said
“Silence!”Nancy said beating her staff on the ground. It was two inches bigger than me (I’m 6 feet), had a black spiral and a bloody sword carved into it, and a red gem on the top of it with each side of stretched out two inches and the staff itself was stretched out three inches on each of its sides.
She looked at Kodyack.
“You will go back to Gailems and bring me a sacrifice to become Darkomega.”
“Never! I will not obey you!”Kodyack said
“I think you will!”Nancy said, throwing a purple orb at him.
The orb's energy surged through him. Flashes of purple electricity sparked over his entire body. Kodyack screamed. His body twisted this way and that as his mind fought against Nancy's mind control. I struggled against the chains that held me.
“Stop hurting him!”I said
“I’m not! He’ll just be my minion for a little while!”Nancy said, laughing.
“What would you have me do, Master?”Kodyack said
“Go back to Gailems and bring me a confused soul!” She said, releasing him.
“Yes, Master! I’ll go!”Kodyack said as a purple portal opened and he went into it and disappeared.
“Your possession will wear off!”I said as I struggled against my bounds.  
“What makes you think that, Skyrid?”
“It wore off of Jakin didn’t it?”I said
“Yes. But you see, he’s more rebellious than Kodyack is.”
“True. But, how does that help you?”I said
 “Since he is less willing to rebel, he’ll be easier to control. See?”Nancy said
“Nancy, the students will notice the change in his attitude!”Pedro said.
“No they won’t! The possession only inhibits his decisions and not his attitude.”Nancy said
“That doesn’t matter. Fader will notice a change!” I said
“If that happens, I’ll have Kodyack attack him.”
Pedro went silent as Nancy moved the Joystick and I saw Kodyack walk up to the Couselium. The Guardians let him in; he walked up behind Jaren and knocked him unconscious as Kodyack trapped in him in a bubble.
A ceil portal was opened as him and Kodyack took Jaren with him into it and disappeared as it closed.
“He won’t take orders from you, Nancy!”I said
“Oh, he will once he finds that he can’t rescue you any other way.”Nancy said
A cobalt portal appeared in the room, and Kodyack stepped forward along with Jaren.
“Slyer?!” Jaren said, running up to me.
“Yes, Jaren. It’s me.”
“Let Skyrid go!”Jaren said as he whirled on Nancy, fists clenched.
“I will if you decide to become Darkomega.”
“Fine. But, if you don’t keep to your word, I’ll hunt you down!”
“No, you won’t. Because if you do, I kill all of them.”
“Alright. I’ll do it. Just release him.”
“Not until Sade gets here.”
“Sade? Sade Markson ?”
“Yes. He’ll be wanting to trade his powers with you. Until then, you’ll be chained to the wall with the others! Kodyack, chain him up!”
“Right away, Master.”
“Kodyack, what is with you?”Jaren said, slapping him.
“Nothing’s wrong with him, Jaren. He’s just under my control.” Nancy said
“Snap out of it, Kodyack. She’s trying to trick you!” Jaren said.
“Jaren, he won’t be coming out of the possession for a while. So, let him chain you up!”
“No!”
“No? Do you need a possession too?”
“Try your best, Nancy!”
“Awe, a challenge. I love a good fight! Too bad that won’t happen!”
She threw a red orb at him and he passed out on the ground.
“Kodyack, you can resist her!”I said
“Don’t listen to him, Kodyack. He never rescued you, did he?”Nancy said
“He did not.” Kodyack said
“Exactly! Now, put Jaren in chains!”
“Yes, Master.”
Kodyack picked up Jaren and  held him against the wall as he chained his hands and feet to it. Jaren awakened.
“Let me go! You cowards!”Jaren said, pulling against his chains.
“Shut up, Jaren. You’ll get your chance!” Pedro said
A green portal appeared.
“Where are you going?”I said
“To get Sade for the Power Trade. Don’t try to escape while I’m gone or I’ll have Hydra Sayis attack you!”
Nancy showed us Gade. He was stuck in his Sayis form and behind bars.
“What have you done to Gade?”Pedro said
“Nothing,Ped. He’s also under my control!”
“Prove it! A Sayis will never willingly attack another one!”
“Are you challenging me? No one tells me I can’t do it!”
Nancy hit the cell with a orange orb and as it opened, Gade stepped out of it.
“Gade, attack Pedro!”
Gade tried to hold his hand back, but couldn’t. He shot Pedro with a white beam as all of his heads looked away. Pedro became frozen like an icicle.
“Unfreeze him now!”I said
“Or you’ll do what?”
“I’ll...”I said
“Let me answer that. You’ll do nothing!”
Nancy and Kodyack went into the portal and disappeared.
“Thanks a lot, Jaren. You didn’t have to go with Kodyack!”
“I didn’t. He knocked me unconscious.”
“This is still all your fault.”
“How’s it my fault?”
“You just couldn’t stay away from the Cousellium, could you?”
“No. But after you lost, I stayed to see if someone would come back for more.”
“I don’t care! You risked your life, and we’re still locked up.”
“I did it for you, Skyrid. I wanted to save you.”
“Why?”
“ I owe you for saving my life after your malfunction.”
“Alright. But, how do we get out of here now?”
“You see, I didn’t quite think that part through.”
“Idiot! I would so pound you if I could break loose from these chains!”
“Skyrid, calm down. I think I know a way.”Crystal said
“What?”I said
“If I just harness enough  light energy within myself, I’ll turn into an orb.”Crystal said
“But, I thought these chains sucked our powers.” I said
“Not the ones inside us. Just the ones coming out.” Crystal said
“Oh. But, how does that help us?”I said
“Watch me, first. And then, you all will copy me.”Crystal said
Crystal closed her eyes. She breathed in and out as her  arms and legs came out of the chains and she turned into an orb of light. Materializing, she stood in front of us and shot a beam of light at Pedro. The ice melted, and Pedro opened his eyes.
“Thank you, Crystal.”
Pedro closed his eyes, and  breathed in and out as he turned into a green orb. Landing beside Crystal, he turned back into himself.
“Skyrid, you’re next. Just focus on the light energy inside you.”Pedro said.
“It’s not as easy as it looks!”I said, closing and opening my eyes.
“It is if you’ll work with me. Now, close your eyes.”
I closed my eyes.
“Good. Now, breath in and out as you focus all your energy into one orb.”
I breathed in and out faster and faster as I focused all my energy and sweat poured down my face.
“Skyrid, stop! You’re trying too hard!”
I stopped.
“What am I supposed to do?”
“Be patient with me.”
“Alright, I’ll try.”
“Close your eyes again, Skyrid. And, breathe in and out slowly as you focus all your energy into an orb.”
Closing them again, I breathed in and out slowly as I shocked myself and passed out. Instantly, I awoke.
“What happened?”
“You shocked yourself with light.”Pedro said
“I did?”
“Yes. Let’s try it again, okay?”
“Alright.”
Doing it for a third time, I closed my eyes as I breathed in and out slowly and my arms and legs slid out of the chains as I turned into a blue orb. My vision was very distorted. I saw two Pedros and two Crystals as I crashed into the floor and materialized back into myself.
“What about me?”Jaren said.
“It’s the opposite for you. You have to focus on the dark energy inside yourself.”I said
“How do I do that?”
“Just close your eyes and focus on everything that you hate about your life.”
Jaren closed his eyes as he muttered ‘An abusive Father, dead Mother, Juvy and, my powers.’ and his arms and legs slid out of the chains and he turned into a black orb. Landing in front of us, he actualized into himself as Hydra Sayis came towards us and whimpered.
“Shouldn’t we turn Gade back?” I said
“We can’t. He has to be turned back by Nancy.”
“Why?”
“Nancy turned him into his Sayis Form. So she must change him back.”


























Chapter 19 The Power Trade
The green portal opened and closed again as Nancy, Kodyack, and another boy stepped through. The boy was dressed in an orange suit. He was African American with brown eyes and curly black hair. On his hands and feet were in heavy chains.
“I’m back, powerful warriors.”Nancy said turning to us. “What in the...”She raised her hands, red power orbs forming.
Pedro snapped his fingers and put a see through wall between us (meaning Pedro,myself ,and my  big sister, Crystal) that was made entirely out of yellow orbs.
Nancy threw a red beam at us.The yellow wall absorbed it.
“No,” she shouted, clenching her fists.
“Give up, Nancy,”Pedro said. Nancy just glared at him, pushing a green button on the computer-board. Two steel surgical tables  rose up out of the floor. She looked at the black-haired man.
“Sade, get on the first table. We don’t have a lot of time.”Nancy said
Sade did so. Kodyack looked at Jaren.
“Get on the other one now!”
“No. I won’t switch my powers with Sade!”
Kodyack threw a red-yellow orb at Jaren and knocked him out.  Laying him on the platform, Kodyack chained him up to it and pressed a red button on the computer. A tray of surgical tools appeared.
I turned into an an orange orb and went through the wall. Materializing, I stood in front of Kodyack, power orbs aimed at him.
“Let them go!” Kodyack threw a beam of darkness at me that threw me up against the yellow wall. The wall disappeared as Crystal stood in front of Kodyack.
“I’ve got this one! Now, everyone go save Jaren!” Crystal said
Kodyack shot a beam of Darkness into the air as Pedro and I went towards Jaren and Sade.
Throwing a beam of darkness at us, Nancy threw us back a few inches. Turning around she shot two  dark red orbs at the ground as a red see through wall appeared and trapped Jaren and Sade.
Nancy chuckled at us.
“I challenge you to....”I said
“Wait, Skyrid.”
Pedro threw a gray orb into the air.Green orbs came out of it as they went into Crystal, me and him.
“I want a rematch, Nancy!”I said
“You’re beneath me.”
“I've grown more powerful since then.”
“What, in the time you've been imprisoned in here?”
“Yes.”I said, smirking.
“Child,you can‘t beat me. Remember who lost last time?”
“I just said, I've grown more powerful."
“Fine, if you wish to lose so badly, then I'll accommodate you."
 "But if I win, Nancy, you have to let them go.”
Nancy turned into her warrior form. I saw a blue and white cape appear on Kodyack and light red armor cover his body as a brown and orange helmet formed onto his head as a dark red staff appeared in his right hand. Crystal threw a white beam into the air as Pedro and I both threw a beam of light into the air.
Pure crystal white armor appeared all over her body as a blue staff with ice in the middle of it appeared in her right hand and a light white helmet formed onto her head. My warrior form appeared on me as I watched Pedro’s armor appear on him. Bright yellow armor appeared all over Pedro with a blue-yellow helmet, a blue and white cape, and a light black staff with lava in the middle appeared in his left hand.
“Pedro, what’d I do first?”I said
“Watch her pauses. She’s a good defender, but not a fast one..”
I threw a beam of light at Nancy as she turned into a light red orb and flew up above it. Reifying into herself, Nancy landed on the ground. Kodyack threw a light green beam at Crystal.Freezing it, she made it burst into icicles and deflected them back at Kodyack.
“It’s not working. Any other ideas?”I said
“Yes. Your Mythical Creature form.”
“I don’t have one.”I said
“You will.”I said
Pedro shot a yellow-green orb towards me as I jumped up into the air and caught it. In an instant, black dragon wings grew out of my back that had a wingspan of 5 feet, my head turned into an eagle’s and a lion’s head and a griffin’s head appeared on each of my shoulders as all of my clothes were strewn all over the place and gray fur covered my body. Nancy screamed at the sight of me and threw a fawn beam at me as I flew up. Kodyack then turned them at Crystal and used them to throw her up against the wall.
“Skyrid! You won’t win this!” Nancy said as she a threw a light black orb at me and it exploded. I was thrown back against the wall as cuts appeared on my chest. I saw Crystal being held against the wall by her own icicles as my Mythical Creature form faded out.
I got up slowly as the pain from my chest cuts intensified as Pedro threw a light brown orb at me and made a green shirt and red jeans appear on my body.
“You’ve lost, Skyrid. And, your sister will be the first one to be hurt!”
Kodyack curled his hands into fists as he hit them against each other and Crystal’s body went into Seizure. It shaked and shaked as tears came down my face.
“He’s hurting her! Please tell him to stop, Nancy!”I said
“Why should I?”Nancy said
“Because I’ll attack you if you don’t!”Pedro said
“No,you won’t!” Nancy said, holding a power orb in her hands.
“You wouldn’t attack a Sayis, would you?”
“Watch me.”
Nancy threw the blue-purple orb at Pedro.  He threw a light-yellow beam at it and sucked Nancy into it.
“Skyrid, go save your sister!”He said
I stood in front of Kodyack.Tackling him, I got up, touched my sister and her seizure stopped.
Pedro glared at me.
“What?!”
“Everything caused by Warrior powers can be stopped the Healing Warrior’s Touch.”
Crystal looked at me.
“Thank you , Skyrid.”She said
“How do I get the real Kodyack back?” I said.
“You have to win against him in a duel.” Crystal said.
Kodyack opened a black portal.
“Wait! I challenge you to a duel, Kodyack!”I said
It closed.
Kodyack and I turned into our warrior forms. He shot a orb of darkness at me as I jumped up into the air and turned into my Mythical Creature Form. Kodyack screamed at the sight of me and threw a red beam towards me. I dodged it and threw a orb of light at Kodyack as he fell down unconscious. Shooting a green orb in the air, I caught it as it came down and turned back into my warrior form. I ran over to Kodyack as he awoke.
“W-What happened?”
“Nancy put you in chains and then possessed you.”
“Possessed?!”Kodyack said
He walked towards Nancy with power orbs raised at her.
“The boy’s lying, Kodyack.”
“Why’d I believe you? You imprisoned me.”
“Yes. But, I didn’t possess you.”
“Yes she did, Kodyack. You switched my powers with Sade’s.” Jaren said
“I did?!”
“They’re lying, Kody!”Nancy said
“Don’t call me that! I’m not your servant anymore!”Kodyack said
Kodyack threw two light brown orbs at Nancy and imprisoned her.
“Let me go!”
“No. Your powers will be suspended while you serve life in prison.”
Kodyack lifted his hands up as two green rings came out of Nancy’s wrists and placed themselves in his hands.
“Give them back! I was trying to help Sade!”
“Ignore her, Skyrid. She’s trying to excuse herself.”
A light blue portal appeared as Nancy was sucked into it as it closed and disappeared.
 We all went silent as the dungeon wall moved backwards and Anna and Nester appeared.
“Skyrid!” Anna said, running up to me and hugging me tightly.
“How’d you find us?”I said
“Nester used a transportation pedestal and we appeared in front of the black dragon statue and I touched it.” Anna said.
“So you tried to find us, Nester? I thought you hated us.”
“I do. But, I got pretty bored with just having Chaser to torture.”
“Sorry to cut this short, but we have to find Bradley.”Crystal said.
“She’s right, Skyrid. We gotta go.”
“Why?“
“The only way to reverse the switch is to use a purely good human soul.”
“How is Bradley Greenson that?” I said
“He’s Kursta’s sinless son and the Minotaur Sayis.”Pedro said  
Pedro opened a blue portal and I said my goodbyes as him and I went into it and disappeared.







Chapter 20 the Sayis Forest
We appeared in front of two houses, the entrance to a forest. The first House was pale green. There were shingles missing off its low red roof. White windows were on each side of the brown door.  A golden handle was on the door. And, a small brown staircase led to the porch that was light blue.  
The other house was pale yellow. It had green windows on each side of the light blue door and a silver handle on it. A white pole stuck out of it's black roof. Pedro and I walked up to the brown staircase of the first house.
he stairs creaked as we walked up them. Pedro knocked on the door. It opened, revealing, a white man with short gray hair that had green eyes. He was wearing a light brown coat and jeans. He pushed silver rectangular glasses up his nose.
“Pedro, what're you doing here?" the man asked.
“One of my students was turned into a Darkomega. I need permission to go into your forest, Doug."
“Who's this?”the man said, pointing at me.
“Skyrid Crop. Doug, please, we don't have much time.”
“I'm coming with you,"”Doug said, stepping out onto the porch and closing the door. "Come."
We walked into the forest, the trees closing the entrance behind us. My heart pounded against my chest. Suddenly a samurai appeared. His armor was emerald green. His face was covered by a Japanese samurai mask. A jade helmet covered his head, black hair streaming out in a ponytail at the top.
"I'm at your service, sir," the samurai said.
I jumped back. "Who're you?"
"This is Zeddark. He's the leader of your army."
"I have an army?!"
"Yes, the Kazakian Warriors."
"Wait, that'd make me...I'm Kazaka?"
"Yes."
"Why'd you never tell me?" I asked. My whole body shook from suppressed anger. How dare Pedro hide this from me.
"You weren't ready," Pedro said. 
"Look," I said, backing up, "you've got the wrong boy. I'm not skilled enough for this."
“Yes, you are, Skyrid. You saved me, didn’t you?” Pedro said
“No. I was captured! Crystal did all the saving.” I said
“Skyrid, your power is something I haven’t seen in years. You are him.” Pedro said
“I don’t care! I won’t be a leader right now!”
“You have to be. It explains the sudden healing powers.” Pedro said
“You’re all crazy!” I said, walking further into the Forest.
“Stop!” Doug said as he stood in front of me.
“You realize that this is the only way to save Jaren?”
“Yes. But I’m still pissed off that no one told me!”
Pedro came up to me.
“Skyrid, I didn’t tell you because Furliceo killed the last one.”
“So is that why Bloodshed is so bent on getting me?”
“Yes. And the fact that you can activate the Helios for them.”Zeddark said
I went silent.
“Now what’d you need?”Zeddark said
“I need Bradley Greenson. Can you take me to him?”I said.
“Certainly.”
Walking through the woods, we came to a clearing.
“Where are we going?”I said
“To a battlefield.”
“Why?”
“We have to find out if you're really Kazaka. It must be done in the place guarded by the fox.”
A fox appeared as we came up to a big  metal gate that was two halfs of a circle.
"Who goes there? the fox said.
I startled.
“A talking fox?”I said
“You have the ability to understand the animals of the forest.”Zeddark said
“Who goes there?”the Fox said again.
“That depends, who’s asking?” I said
“Paqer, guardian of the Cemented battlefield.”
“It is I, Zeddark. I must test Skyrid Crop to see if he is worthy of the title Kazaka."
 “You have my permission then. Come in and get ready to battle. “
The gate opened as Zeddark and I shook hands and went to our separate sides of the battle field.  I shot a beam of light into air as he shot a green beam into the air. His armor was still the same but a white cape appeared and a golden staff appeared in his hands as I turned into my warrior form. Shooting a beam of light at him, I watched as he backflipped to dodge it.  He threw a black orb at me as I jumped into the air and turned into my Mythical Creature Form.
Zeddark hesitated at the sight of my monstrous from and I shot a orb of light at him as he leaped to the side to dodge it. He threw a red beam at me.
I dodged it. I threw a beam of light at him and he threw a beam of lightning at me. Being thrown across the field, I watched as Zeddark laughed.
“You are not Kazaka! You are a pretender!”
I flew up from the ground,summoned the animals to my side and threw a white beam at Zeddark as the animals tackled him. Landing on the ground, I got on my knees, closed my all of  eyes and focused on my human form. Opening my eyes, I saw Pedro. He  handed me some new clothes and I went behind a tree and got dressed. When I came from behind it, I had on a yellow shirt and wrangler jeans on and my pendant was around my neck.
Zeddark bowed low at the waist.
“I underestimated you, Skyrid Crop.You are Kazaka.”
“Thanks. I never expected it. All of my powers just sort of fell into place.”
 “Exactly. But, you’ve proven that you’re him. So, I’ll take you to Minotaur Sayis.”
Zeddark led us down a windy path, around a few trees and in front of a old fashioned cottage house. It had wood nailed onto its  white windows with brown specks mixed in. It’s door was green with white specks mixed in.  Taking us inside it, he pulled back a lever as a white platform appeared and we all got onto it.  Lowering, it revealed two double doors in front of us and when Zeddark opened them, they revealed a courtroom. On my left were 4 judges and on my right were the other 4 along with another one in the middle. Off to each side we’re the Sayis’ but my dad wasn’t sitting in the Gator Sayis spot.
 In fact, it was empty.  
“Why’re you here boy?”the Middle judge said that had a red gown on.
“I need Bradley Greenson as a sacrifice.”
“Why?”
“Nancy forced my best friend to switch his powers with Sade.”
“I'm sorry, but we must have all four Servants of Light for that. Leave.”
“NO, you’ve got to save him!”
“As I told you before, we can't.”
‘"Where's my dad? He'll agree with me."
“He’s no longer a Sayis.”
“What?! Why?!”
“Because he married your Mom. You can’t be Sayis if you’re married.”
“Then,Why’d you never replace him?”
“We couldn’t find anyone worthy enough.”
“What if I bring you a replacement?”
“I’m listening.”
“What if my friend Chaser becomes the next one?”
“I’m sorry but, that’s not how it works.”
“How does it work then?”
“Adagar, would you explain?”
A black faced man rose. He had amber eyes and a wrinkled face. He was also wearing a red gown.
“Each of the representatives of our side would have to nominate somebody to fill that spot and then we’d all vote and the people who got the least amount of votes would be eliminated in the first round.”
“What happens in the second?”
“We all vote between the last two and the person who gets the most votes fills the spot.”
“What if there’s a tie?”
“The Hectic-maker, Richard would choose the winner.”
“Who’s Richard?”I said
“The middle judge.”Adagar said
Adagar sat down.
“Can’t Chaser be a Nominee then?”I said
“You see, he’d have to prove his worthiness for that to happen.”Richard said
“But, he’s worthy enough. He’s my true friend.”I said
“Yes. But, a  Gator Sayis must represent someone who’d lay down their life for another.”Richard said
“Why?”I said
“Do you know how your Father got that spot?”
“Because Gadrid  died in battle?”
“No. Your Father was willing enough to lay down his life for his best friend, Kane King.”
“How so?”
“Kane was almost killed and your Father jumped in front of the orb of darkness.”
“How’d he live?”
“The Helios parts can only be activated by true sacrifice and he demonstrated that even though Kane was killed anyways. So, he was healed by the Helios.”
“Then why does Furliceo want it?”
“Say what?”
“Furliceo wants all the Helios parts.”
Furliceo’s face came up on the gray laptop in his spot. He was chained up to a wall and his wrists had cut marks.
“He’s lying, Sir!”
I looked at Pedro.
“Why is he Chained?”I said, in a low voice.
“For almost killing a student.”Pedro whispered.
Richard turned his head slightly to the right.
“You tried to kill Mitchell Crop. So I’m not listening. ”
“ But, I’m dying.”
“I don’t care. You know that the parts can only be activated by...”
“True sacrifice. I know. But there are other ways.”
“Klade, close his laptop.”
Klade was a man with blue hair and shades over his denim-blue eyes and a black leather vest, a blue shirt, black gloves.
“Don’t cut me out!”
Klade tried to close the laptop.
“Klade, let him speak.”
Furliceo breathed in and out.
“Alex killed my Father.”
“That happened 26 years ago. Does it matter who it killed him?”
“Yes.”
“Why? I distinctly remember your Father being abusive to you.”
“He was. But, he changed.”
“I still don’t see why Mitchell had to be almost killed. .”
“My Father never got to live a good life.”
“I understand. My son, Sade was the same way. But, now he’s imprisoned.”
“Skyrid, how will the Sacrifice help?
“We have to have a purely good human soul for the reverse to happen.”
“That makes since.”
“What’ll happen to Bradley after his soul is used?”
“He’ll die.”
“How?”
“The Darkness will kill him.”
“Then what’d we need to do to take Bradley?”Pedro said
“Bring me a person who’s willing to show true sacrifice. Then, you can have him.”Richard said





























Chapter 21 a new sayis
Pedro and I joined hands as he turned us into green orbs and we flew up into a white portal. We appeared in front of the Hall of Sayis Dragons and when Pedro opened the doors, I sat down at my 
class table as he stood in front of all of us.
“Jaren James has been forced to become the new Darkomega. I need a person who’d willingly lay down their life for another. The Sayis Council says that they have an open spot in the Servants of Light. And, the person who can demonstrate true sacrifice will become the next Gator Sayis.”
Chaser stood up.
“dad, I’ll do it. I’m willing enough to lay down my life for Skyrid. I owe him for saving my life.”
“I know you owe him. But, we’ll discuss this later,Son.”
Pedro left out the door with his arms crossed. Chaser ran after him.
Jared rose up from his seat. 
“After the feast Fader and I will be teaching all of you how to turn into your mythical forms.”
Instant conversation broke out among my table. And, everybody talked about what their Mythical Creature Forms could look like.
“Maybe I’ll be a Dragon.”Parser said
“That would be cool.”I said
“I think mine will be a Phoenix.”William said.
“It may be.If it was, it would be so amazing.”I said
Chaser came back in with his Father. He rolled his eyes in ignorance. They both separated. Pedro went back up to the Teacher’s table. Hesitating, Chaser came and sat down at my table. His face was bright red and tears were running down his cheeks.
“What’s the matter?” I said
“I don’t wanna talk about it.” 
“Hey, Chase. We’re talking about what we think our mythical Creature Forms will be. Wanna join?”
“No. Not right now.” 
“Silence!”Jared said
Everyone went silent.
“There have been rumors going around that Furliceo has been captured. These rumors are true. And, his spot as Darkness Sayis has opened for grabs. Any one of you  could become the most feared out of everyone. So, watch who you hang around. And without further ado, let the feast begin.”He said, shooting orbs of light at the tables as food appeared. There was turkey, stuffing, chicken, fried okra with jalapenos, shrimp, mashed potatoes and sweet potatoes with marshmallows. I chose the stuffing, okra, a chicken leg and shrimp as we all sat down. 
“Chaser, why’d you offer to be a Sayis?”Nester said
“I need to repay Skyrid for saving my life.”Chaser said
“But, is that worth risking your own life?”Nester said
“Yes.” Chaser said
“Bro, there is no reason to risk your life.”Caitlyn said
“I don't care. I'd die to end this war.”Chaser said  
“Chase, even if you get nominated for the spot, you’ll still be up against three other people. So, you’d have a slim chance at winning this thing.”Parser said
“Are you sure you want to do this? You just had a fight with your dad over it.” I said
“I’m sure. My dad can think what he wants.”
“dad just wants the best for you. He has tried his best to get you to believe in Kursta and Bradley, but you have been resisting him for some reason.”William said. 
“I don’t think They’re real. Much less, Gods.”
“Who do you think gave you your powers?” William said. 
“My dad. He is a warrior after all.” Chaser said. 
“William's right. Kursta gave you your powers. You should believe in him for that very reason.”I said
“This is my Life. I chose how to live it. So, don’t fuss at me. I have made my choice.”Chaser said
Fader rose. 
“I presume all of you done. So, all of you need to follow me to class.” 
Fader led everyone but me out of the Hall of Sayis Dragons as Pedro came up to me.
“Skyrid, I need to see you.” he said 
“Why?”
“There’s a message for  you in Jared’s office.”Pedro said
Pedro took my hand and led me to a Golden Pedestal.  He touched it as we turned into blue orbs. I saw everything in doubles as we were sucked into a green portal. Materializing, we appeared in a room with a desk and three chairs. Two in front of the metal desk and one behind it. 
A black magnet was stuck to the desk. Jared’s name was carved into it.  Pedro and I sat down in front of the desk. Jared came into the room. He sat behind the desk and looked into my eyes.
“Slyer, don’t overreact. But, we have some news about your dad.” he said
“What about him?”I said
“He’s been taken by Bloodshed.”Pedro said
“I gotta save him then.” I said 
“Your dad wouldn’t want that. He wants you to finish your training.” Jared said
“He needs to be saved. I can’t just leave him there!” 
“Skyrid, the Helios can only be activated...”Pedro said
“I know. By true sacrifice. But, I can’t just stand here.” 
“Skyrid Crop, your dad can handle himself! You need to worry about mastering your powers!”Jared said
“No. I have to save him!” 
I stood up and clenched my fists.
“Calm down! We both know that you can’t do it.” 
“And why not?”I said as tears streamed down my cheeks.
“You can’t save him if you get imprisoned too, can you?”Jared said
“No. But, who’s  saving my dad if I don’t do it?” 
“The authorities will find him. In the meantime, you can’t tell anyone he’s gone.”Jared said
“Why?” 
“We don’t want to cause an uproar.”Jared said
My eyes widened. 
“Fine! But if Bloodshed has taken him, they know another way to activate the helios part, don’t they?!”
I stepped back. 
“No, I don’t think they have...”Jared said
I stepped forward.
“Have what?”
“Don’t worry. It’s not possible, Slyer.”Pedro said
“It is. Zeddark told me that I could activate it.”I said
“That is true. But, they’re just trying to lure you to them.” Pedro said 
I punched Jared’s desk. The books scattered all over his desk crashed to the floor. 
“Look at me, Skyrid.”Pedro said “You’ll get your chance to fight against them.” 
“No, I won’t if I don’t go searching for my dad.”I said
“If you do that, it’ll be a bad thing.”Jared said
“How so?”I said 
“They could capture you. So, it’s too much of a risk.”Pedro said
“Pedro, I have an entire army on my side and you’ll think I’ll be captured?”
Pedro went silent.
“I decide to go find my dad then!”I said
“No, you can’t! You’re not ready to fight Bloodshed alone!”Pedro said
“He’s right, Skyrid. You aren’t.”Jared said
“I beat Kodyack, didn’t I?”I said
“Yes. But, he was possessed. So that made it easier for you.”Pedro said
 I sat down. 
“What about my dad?!”
“The Sayis’ and police are out looking for him and they’ll find him.” Pedro said. 
“They are?”
“Yes. Are we done here, Skyrid?”Jared said
I went silent. 
“Good. Then we’ll take you to class.”Pedro said
Jared and Pedro took my hands as a white portal appeared. We all went into it and disappeared. 
Materializing, we appeared in Kaiser’s classroom. Everybody was getting ready to battle. Chaser was in his warrior form and Anna was standing with him on their battlefield. I blended into the crowd as Pedro, him and Jared stood in front of us. 
“Today you’ll learn how to turn into your Mythical Creature Forms. Anna and Chaser will have the first fight.”Pedro said
Anna threw a light brown-colored orb into the air and Chaser ran towards it. Catching it, he grew a serpent for a tail.  His head turned into a lion’s head as he got a mane and a Jaguar’s head and a cheetah’s head appeared on each of his shoulders. He got in a crawling position as lion hair appeared on his body and his shredded clothes were thrown into the crowd. His hands and feet turned  into eagle claw as Anna shot a beam of light into the air. 
Armor started appearing on Anna. A dodger-blue helmet formed onto her head as flavescent plates appeared on her shoulders.
Light green armor mixed with specks of white appeared on her arms and  hands as  Dark Purple armor appeared on her chest. Blue-Green armor then covered the rest of her body. Anna threw a light beam  beam at Chaser as he jumped into the air to dodge it. Immediately, griffin wings grew out of his back and he flew towards me. Chaser tried to pull himself back, but his wings kept pulling him forward as Anna hit him with a beam of light and threw him against the wall.
 His mythical creature form started fading out as we all were rushed out of the room by Jared. 
Once we were outside the door, Jared stood in front of us. 
“What happened today is an example of fighting against your powers. Your powers are something that’s inside of you and if you fight against them, it’s like fighting against yourself because you won’t ever win that way. You’ve got to let your power flow through you.” 
“Mr. Riker, when you’re in that form, you are being controlled by two other brains. It’s not something that’s easy to control.”I said
“It is if you’ve accepted having powers and Chaser hasn’t.” 
“Of course he hasn’t. We were all shocked when our malfunctions happened. We thought we were just normal people. Warrior powers are something that you have to learn how to accept and control or they’ll take you over.”Parser said
“He’s right, Jared. It’s the reason why Furliceo is evil. His powers have taken over him.”Nester said.
“It doesn’t matter. But to have good control of your powers, you have to accept yourself as you are. You have to be proud of who you are basically and it’s one of the hardest things to achieve.”Pedro said
“It looked like to me that he was trying to resist the urge to pounce at me.”I said
“Yeah, what if...”William said
“What? You think someone forced him to do it?”Jared said
“No. But he hasn’t accepted himself as he is yet because, he hasn’t learned how to have faith and confidence in Kursta and himself.”Caitlyn said.
Kaiser opened the door.  Chaser was in a blue dress shirt with squares on it and blue wrangler jeans. The dress shirt also had the top two buttons unbuttoned to show a red shirt. He ran towards me.
“I’m so sorry, Skyrid. I tried to resist my powers, but I couldn’t for some reason.”
“I know. It doesn’t make sense.”I said. 
“Maybe your powers were tampered with.”
“What’d you mean?”
“Someone messed with your wrist power rings, maybe.”
Chaser covered his gaping wound. Blood was pouring out of his wrists. 
“Chase, you’re hurt.” 
“Don’t worry about me, Skyrid.”
“How’d you get the cut?”
“Kaiser tried to cut out my power rings because I hit him with a orb of light.” 
“Kaiser did this to you? Why didn’t you tell anyone?”
“I was just so scared.” 
I touched his wrists. Chaser’s wrists healed as I touched them. 
I stared at Chaser. 
“What?” 
“The Healing Warrior can only heal things caused by warrior powers. You lied to me! Somebody hit you with their powers, didn’t they?!”
“Yes.”
“Who was it?” 
“Kama.” 
“Why?” 
“I accidentally hit him with an orb of light.” 
“You’re not telling me everything, Chaser, are you?” 
“I am. Leave me alone about it.” 
We all went silent as I saw Kodyack coming down towards us.
“Nancy has escaped! She’s gone!” He said
“What?! How?”Pedro said
“Apparently Drayer has betrayed us all. He let her go free.”Kodyack said as he looked down at the floor. I looked at Chaser. 
“Chaser, Drayer’s a guardian.”
“More like a betrayer.”
“He helped her!I said
“Yes.”Kodyack said
“No one panic! I’ll summon the rest of the guardians.”Pedro said.
As Pedro’s wrist rings glowed green,  five orbs of all different colors appeared and materialized into Shais, Natasha, Lane, and two other guardians. One had sapphire armor on with a long blue staff that a flame in the middle in their right hand. And, the second had light red armor that had specks of light green armor blended into it on his body with a thick redwood staff that had a griffin and a gray pegasus carved into the top of it and she had her brown hair in a ponytail.  
“Sir, what seems to be the problem?”the sapphire one said.
“Nancy has escaped, Napier Jones.”Pedro said 
“I know. We were trying to find her. Drayer is obviously in an alliance with her.”Napier said
“But, I want you to take these students to their dorms.” 
“Alright. Shais and I will take all the Servants of the Sayis’.”the pony-tailed one said
“Good idea, Drakia. You can protect them while the rest of us handle the Dragons of Light .”Lane said
“I’m sorry, but I have to be one to fight Drayer and Nancy.”Natasha said 
“No you don’t. Skyrid and I will help you.”Chaser said. 
“You can’t do that, you two!”Jared said
“Why not? Nancy’s powers have been suspended. So we’ll only be fighting against Drayer.”
“What do you have that the Guardians don’t have?”Natasha said
“We have Mythical Creature Forms. None of  the Guardians have them.” 
“You’re right. You can come. But, you’ll be my reserves.” 
I watched Shais’ group go into a blue portal as a ruby-colored portal appeared and Lane’s group went into it as it disappeared. Pedro, Jared, and Kaiser wished us good luck as they all went into the blue portal. We all watched it disappear. 
“Be warned, Skyrid and Chaser, Drayer’s power exceeds the rest of ours. So don’t underestimate him.” 
“We understand, Natasha.”Chaser and I said in unison. 
Walking down the long corridor, we saw Nancy and Drayer coming towards us. Drayer looked at me and threw an orb of Darkness at me as Chaser jumped in front of me and  it hit him in the chest.
“You hurt him!” I said, running up to him. 
Natasha threw a beam of light at Drayer and threw him across the hall as I touched Chaser’s chest and healed him. 
“You saved my life. Why?”
“I want to pay my debt to you.” 
Drayer got up and I stood.
“I challenge you to a battle, Skyrid.”Drayer said.
‘“What for?”
“You’re weak. I’ll win easily.”
Chaser rose. 
“Don’t do it! He’s...”
“I’ll fight you to prove that I’m willing to stand up for my Friends.”
I turned into my warrior form and threw a light brown beam at Drayer. Turning into an orb with cracks in it, I flew above the beam. Jumping up into the air, I turned into my Mythical Creature form and my lion head roared at him. Drayer threw two red beams at me. I flew above them and threw an orb of light at him. 
Leaning backwards slowly, Drayer dodged it. He hit a beam of lava and  a beam of fire against each other. Exploding, they threw both of us across the room. A pain in my back came on as I fought it and flew up. Drayer got up and threw a beam of darkness at me and I threw a beam of light at it. Moving my hands back and forth, I watched as Drayer did the same. 
I pushed my beam harder as sweat poured down my face and threw Drayer across the hall again. He tried to get up, but couldn’t. 
Nancy ran down the hall as Chaser ran after her. 
“You’ll never catch me again!”She said, looking back at us.
Chaser hit her with a beam of light and she was knocked out. 
“Good work, you two. Now, let’s get them back where they belong.”
Natasha shot a fluorescent orb at them. They were sucked into it. She  opened a yellow portal. We all watched Nancy and Drayer get sucked into it. It closed.
“You two did excellent. But, we have to get you to your dorm.”
“Why?”
“Chaser has shown true sacrifice by saving your life.”
Natasha opened another portal. It was chalk white as we all stepped into it . We appeared in our dorm. Drakia was standing in front of us and Shais was standing beside the right side of the couch.
“Sit down, Skyrid and Chaser.”Shais said
We both sat down among the crowd as Shais, Drakia, and Natasha stood in front of us.
“Chaser has demonstrated true sacrifice. So, Adagar has informed us that he is nominating him to be the next Gator Sayis.”Drakia said
We all clapped our hands and I stood up. 
“What about the other three Nominees?”I said 
“They’ll be chosen at the ceremony later on this evening.” Shais said 
“Where’ll that be?”
“The Hall of Sayis Dragons.” Natasha said 
Everybody in the group went into instant conversation.
“Are the Sayis’ really coming?” Parser said. 
“These Sayis’ are legendary! I can’t believe they’re coming!” Nick said.
“Neither can I!” I said.
“Maybe one of us will become a Sayis.” Chaser said.
“It’s possible.” Nester said.
“Silence!”Shais said
The conversations stopped.
“When the Sayis’ get here, I expect you all to be on your best behavior.” 
“What happens if we’re not?”Nester said
“You’re powers will be suspended for a week. The Sayis’ don’t like to be disrespected. ”Shais said
Nester went silent. 
Two hours later, Shais touched the pedestal on top of the fireplace and we all turned into gray orbs. Flying up through a white portal with blue specks mixed in, we appeared in the Hall of Sayis Dragons and materialized onto our seats. The double doors opened as 17 people walked in. They were the seven Sayis’and the Sayis Council and they walked to front of everyone. Adagar walked in front of them.
“Chaser Jerricus, please come forward.”Adagar said.
Chaser got out of his seat and walked down towards Adagar. 
“You have been nominated by me to become Gator Sayis, because of  your selflessness with Skyrid. Now Vogler, you may choose your nominee.”
I saw that Vogler was a white man in denim-blue jeans and a yellow shirt that had brownish orange eyes and flaming red hair as he stood beside Adagar.
“My nominee was a very hard pick. But, I decided to go with the person who has helped everyone in this war. Annathea Fox, please come up here.” 
We all cheered for Anna and Chaser as Vogler silenced us and Kiraces came forward. He was wearing a red leather vest and light blue shirt. His ashy brown hair was scattered all over his face along with a small white beard and baby-blue eyes. 
“My choice will reflect the person who has lead everyone in this war since it began.  Mr.Riker, will you come forward?”
Jared got up from his seat and stood beside Chaser and Anna as we all cheered him on. Tovar IV came forward and silenced us. He was wearing a white gown, had gray hair and deep vivid green eyes. 
“The final choice of the night is someone who defended Chaser in a verbal confrontation. Parser Jerricus, get over here!”
Parser got out of his seat and joined the group of nominees. Richard came forward and looked at all of us.
“Now, round 1 will happen. Representatives, you can’t pick your own  nominations, but please cast your votes in front of everyone now. Kiraces, you’re first.”Richard said.
Kiraces stepped forward.
“I choose Anna. Tovar, you’re next.”
“I have chosen Chaser Jerricus as my vote.Vogler, you’re up.” 
“Chaser is my vote. So Adagar, please cast the last vote.”
“Jared Riker.” 
Richard raised his eyebrows.
“Since Parser has gotten no votes, he has been eliminated. And now, the other elimination will be chosen  by having a second round of voting between just Anna and Jared. Vogler, you’re first.” 
“I’m voting for Jared.”Vogler said
“Alright. I’ll vote for Anna again then.”Kiraces said.
“Mine is Anna.”Tovar said 
“Annathea’s my vote.”Adagar said
Richard stepped in front of them.
“Jared, you’ve been eliminated. So, the last round is between Chaser Jerricus and Annathea Fox. Casting the first vote is Tovar.”
“Chaser.” Tovar said
“Anna.”Kiraces said. 
“Anna.”Adagar said
“Chaser.”Vogler said. 
Richard shook his head.
“My vote is for Chaser. Congratulations, you’re the next Gator Sayis.” He said.
“If all of the nominees will sit down, I have a very good announcement to tell everyone.”Adagar said.
Adagar looked at all of us as the nominees all sat down.
“As you all know, Furliceo Woolsley was put in prison recently. So, we have chosen a new person to fill his spot. Nester, come on up here!”
Nester came up to the front of everyone with no words. Richard opened a green portal. 
“Skyrid and Chaser, please come with us.” 
Chaser and I got up and walked into the portal along with Nester, all the Sayis’ and their Council Members. The portal closed.

































Chapter 22 the Sacrifice
We appeared back in the Sayis Courtroom. Richard stepped in front of us all. 
“Skyrid, assemble your army.”
“Why?”
“We’re gonna go save Jaren.”
“What about the Hall of Sayis Dragons? Who will keep watch over it?” 
“Nester and the rest of the council members will keep watch on the Sayis Orb.” 
“What’s that?” 
“It helps us govern Cithians by being able to see any part of Gailems and every crime that happens, but now how they happened.” 
“Alright then. Nester, is anything happening  there?” 
“Not much. They just seem to be eating. But if you look at the grounds, you can see that the wind is blowing pretty hard, which means a portal is about to appear.”
“ A portal? Can you see where its coming from?”
Nester pressed on the wind on the Sayis orb, but a black screen came up. 
“That’s too bad. But, we need to get going. Call us on our communicators if you see anything unusual.”
Nester nodded. 
The doors opened. Two officers were holding Kevin’s arms.
“What you here for?”Richard said
“ I came here to give you information about where they’re keeping Jaren and Sade.” Kevin said 
“What’s in it for you?”
“My powers coming back.”
“Alright. If you’re information is right and you promise to help us in this war, I'll give you back your powers If you promise to be good too. Now, do you promise?” 
“Yes. I need to get my revenge on Furliceo and Drayer! They lied to me! They’re keeping them hostage in the Cemetarian Forest.”
“We’ll see if your right.”
A man came up to us. His brown hair tickled his brownish-yellow eyes in the front, just touching the tops of his ears. A green cloak draped itself about his shoulders, enhancing the wrinkles that lined his aged face. 
“Bradley, where’ve you been?”
“I’ve been watching over Siraka. I’ve been trying to to prevent bad things from happening expect for your Father’s kidnapping because it had to happen.” 
“What about my mom? She’d be crushed if he left.”
“She tried to help me defeat him. But, Furliceo won in the end.”
Richard came over to the man and looked at him.  
“Come on, Bradley. You’re the sacrifice for Jaren.”
“Richard, what’ll happen to Bradley?”
“As the prophecy says, he will die as a martyr for every person who is trapped in the darkness that binds them, Skyrid.”
“Huh? What’d you mean?”
“He means: I will die for the cause of freeing people from their confusion and the darkness that has trapped them in their own transgressions.” Bradley said. 
“Die?! But, isn’t there another way?”
“I’m sorry, Skyrid. But no, there isn’t.”
I stood in front of Bradley.
“You’re Kursta’s son, Right?”I said
“Yes.  Kursta is my Father.”Bradley said
“Then, can’t you stop all of this?!”
“No. Not without letting Rakif win.”
“Who’s Rakif?”
“He’s my brother. But, he betrayed us in the war in heaven. As a result, he was exiled and became a contentious spirit or the great Tempter as some people say.”
“Wait a second, you’re Kursta’s...”Chaser said.
“As I told Skyrid, yes.”
“I don’t believe it.”
“Why not?”Bradley said
“Kursta’s never done anything for me.”
“He has. He gave you a true friend.”
Chaser folded his arms and rolled his eyes.
“You think that’s a coincidence, don’t you?”
“Yes. Everything is.”
“Not true. Nothing is sheer coincidence. Everything happens for a reason.”Bradley said.
Richard looked at all of us.
“Who’ll stay here and look after the Forest?”
Everyone stood there silent.
“Fine. Nester, you’ll stay and protect this place along with the council members and the Kazakian Warriors ’.”
A army in emerald green samurai armor came into the room that Zeddark was leading.
“Zeddark, change of plans. You’re all staying behind. We’ll call you if we need you.”
“Why?”Zeddark said
“It’ll be better this way. If we come with an army, it’ll start a fight and we can’t handle that right now.”
Chaser, Kevin, Richard, Bradley and I went into the portal. We appeared in front of the Cemetarian Forest.  Walking into it, we all followed behind Kevin. As walked through the Forest, we came up to five different pedestals. Kevin turned around and looked at all of us.
“Before you are five different pedestals. Each one has a different colored orb on it and a different  carving carved into it.”
“What’re the carvings for?”I said
“They are part of a spell that has been cast on this forest. The spell made the pedestals change their directions and only go to one place. This was to protect the people in these places.”
“Alright. Just get it over with already, Kevin. Which one is it?” Richard said
“It’s the one with a red orb and a symbol of a knife draped in blood.”
Richard walked up to the wooden pedestal with a red orb on top it. He closed his eyes and touched the orb. Breathing in and out, he turned us into clear white orbs as we flew up into a black portal. We appeared in a room full of villains. Each one had a spear beside them, expect Drayer and Nancy. Drayer had a crimson red staff with a black orb on the top and Nancy held a sword at me. Drayer came forward.
“Kill them!”
Chaser stood in front of us.
“Wait! We have the sacrifice for Jaren.”
“Who is it then?”
Bradley stepped forward.
“He’s come! The stupid carpenter’s son has come!Changing the portal’s direction was good for something!”Drayer said.
The other Villains came up to Bradley.
“Don’t just stand there! Bind him to the the surgical table, you fools!”Nancy said.
They wrapped him in chains as he got on the platform. Nancy and Drayer stood in front of him. Nancy was holding a little surgical  knife in between her fingers and surgical gloves covered her soft hands. Nancy looked at Bradley.
“You’ve lost, Carpenter's son.”
Nancy silt Bradley’s wrists and took out the power rings. Bradley’s wrists bled. Drayer lifted Jaren into the air as the power rings popped out of his wrists in little orbs.  Jaren fell to the ground, unconscious. He handed the rings to Nancy. She made the switch.
“It is fulfilled.” Bradley said.
He closed his eyes and drew his last breath.
“No!”I said
Tears came down my face. Nancy held us back. Drayer looked at the other Villains.
“It’s time to destroy the rising generation of Cithians. To Gailems.”
Drayer opened a half-yellow, half-back portal. He looked at a certain man. This man had a black vest on with a red shirt that had short sleeves that poked out of his vest. A grey hat was on his head and blue jeans were on his legs. His eyes were white, he had no hair, his nose was slanted and crinkled at the end.Wrinkles covered his face.
“Kaen Harkin, make sure they don’t follow us!”
Kaen nodded. He stepped towards us.
“You aren’t gonna go with them!” he said. 
Kaen shot a beam of darkness into the air. Drayer and the other Bloodshed Members stepped into the portal.  
“Let me handle this! Go now!”
Chaser turned into his warrior form. I took Jaren’s hands. Dragged him to the portal. It closed just as I got in front of it.
“Pedro reopen the portal!”
“I can’t!”
“Why?”
“I’d be breaking a rule.”
“Which one?!”
“No Sayis can reopen a portal after it has already been opened.”




























Chapter 23 A Severe Attack 
I stared at Pedro in disbelief. Who cared about those stupid rules? If we didn't hurry more people were gonna die. My fists clenched. "What do you mean, you can't? Open it!"
"The rules-"
“Who cares about the rules? People will die if we let them go! Open the gate!”
“No.”Pedro turned away.
I whirled on Richard, grabbing his shirt collar “Tell him he can open it.”
"I can't, it's against the rules."
"Can't you bend them?" I said, growing desperate. Time was running out.
"I'm sorry, Skyrid..."
I glared at the floor, sighing. "Then they've already won."
“Perhaps not,” Pedro said.
“What? How?” I was ready to try anything.
“I could open a different colored portal, change the direction a bit so it isn’t exactly the same.”
“Hurry!”
Kaen shot a orb of darkness at me. Chaser pushed me aside. I landed hard on the hardwood floor.
A black bolt of darkness hit Chaser in the chest. I realized Chaser had just made the ultimate sacrifice, for if I had stayed there Kaen would've hit me instead. Chaser fell to one knee, his shirt torn open.It looked charred.  Cuts tore open on his chest. Blood bled out suppressively.
He grunted in pain. I scrambled over to him. Touching his chest, I healed him. The cuts disappeared.
Chaser stood up. He threw a beam of light into the air. Kaen threw a beam of Darkness into the air. Armor formed onto Kaen. A red helmet with streaks of black all over appeared on his head. I raised power orbs at Kaen. Richard pulled me back.
“Let Chaser handle this. He has to learn how to defend himself on his own.”
“I agree. My son has lost faith in Kursta. He needs to gain it back by himself.” Pedro said. 
I pressed my hands together. The orbs disappeared.
“Is there any way I can help?” I said.
“Yes. We need to open a portal” Richard said.
Tan armor appeared on the rest of Kaen’s body.
“I’ll call Anna on my Communicator.”I said.
“Stop, you’ll interfere with Chaser!”Richard said
“What?” I only wanted to help. Chaser needs it bad. I feel that I should help in any way I can. So I don’t see how I’d be interfering with his battle with Kaen.
“The signal inference from your Communicator with their power rings will cause them to have malfunctions.”
“I still don’t understand.”
Richard glared at me.
“Skyrid,you could’ve just cost Chaser his life!”
The ground shook. I looked at Chaser. He threw a orb of light towards Kaen. Kaen threw a beam of darkness at it. Throwing a green beam at the orb, Chaser pushed it forward. Kaen moved his hands back and forth as his beam increased in power.
Chaser’s fingers mimicked Kaen's. His forehead creased in concentration, the pain on his chest seemingly forgotten in the heat of battle. Sweat gleamed off his face. He wavered a little as his body battled to force the power out. He can't win. He's too weak.
“We have to help him, Guys!” I said. 
“He’ll need Sayis powers to win.”Richard said
Richard threw two green orbs into the air.  They went into Chaser.  Dark green orbs flew around him. Scaly green armor covered his body. His head turned into a gator’s  and he sprouted a gator tail  between his back and butt. Chaser chomped his teeth together.
Those orbs flying around him went into his beam. Kaen tried to hold his beam for longer but, Chaser’s beam overpowered his and he fainted after his warrior form faded out. Chaser’s Sayis form faded out.  He staggered towards us. His shirt was in shreds. Pedro gave him a extra one. He slid it on over his wounded chest. Gaping cuts had appeared on it.
A  reddish yellow orb appeared around Jaren trapping him inside. He shook in pain. The orb rose up into the air.  
“What’s happening to Jaren?”I asked
“Warrior Power Possession. His powers are trying to take over.”Richard said
“We gotta help him somehow!”I said.
Pedro threw a milky white beam at the orb. It broke the orb in half. Jaren dropped onto the ground unconscious. I knelt down beside Jaren. Touching Jaren, I saw his eyes open. He stood up.
“Nice work, Chaser.”he said.
My communicator rang. Anna’s face appeared on it. Her face was covered in dirt. She constantly looked around the room.
I could see a fireplace behind her. She must be in the living room.
“Skyrid! I’ve been trying to reach you all day!”
“Why?!”
“Some members of Bloodshed are attacking the Castle.”
“What?!Have you been hurt?”
“No. But, several others have.”
“Who?”I said.
“Parser, William, Caitlyn and many other students.”
“They  hurt my Family!”Chaser said. He started to faint. Richard caught him.
“Calm down, Chase. Or,you’re gonna hurt injure yourself more.”Richard said
“ Parser has been hurt the most. He has had several burns to his body.” Anna said
“Where at?” Chaser said
“Mostly on his arms and shoulders. But, you guys really need to come over here and help.”
“What about Kaiser?”Pedro said
“He’s betrayed everyone and joined Bloodshed. He said he wanted to be with the winning side.”
I heard explosions. The sound of metal clashing made Anna’s voice fade out.
“Are you okay? Those explosions sound close.”
“It’s just the battle outside the castle, Sky. The battle seems to be getting worse though.”
“We’ll come then. You’ll have to open a yellow portal on your side though. “
“How exactly do I do that?”
“Is Fader or Kama there at the moment?”Richard said
“No, it’s just me.”Anna said
“Where’d they go?”
“They’re protecting the students.”
“Never mind. Just focus your powers into a circle and think of bringing us there.”
“I’ll try that then.”
Anna closed her eyes. She lifted into the air. Her hair lifted halfway up into the air too. Beams of light shot out of her hands. She fell back down.  Her eyes opened.
“Darn! What am I doing wrong?!”
“You’re trying too hard. Just relax.” Pedro said.
She closed her eyes again. Rising into the air, she shot beams of light in front of the Fireplace. A yellow portal appeared. Those beams hit against the portal, reflecting back at her.  She slowly fell to the ground.
“Anna!”I screamed.
Pedro opened the same portal. We all stepped into it. Appearing on Anna’s side, we found ourselves in the living room of my dorm. Anna was sprawled out on the floor, unconscious.The room was in disarray. The window was gone and furniture was all over the place. The cushions were torn apart and the stuffing had been thrown around the room.  I knelt down and touched Anna , She awakened.
“What happened here?”I asked.
“Bloodshed raided the dorm. They appeared to be looking for something.”Anna said
I remembered leaving my pendant.
“Oh, shoot!”
I ran down the hallway and went into the boys’ dorm. I opened my dresser’s top left drawer.  I threw the clothes out of it. My pendant is basically a black string with a upside down metal triangle attached to the end of it. It was gone.
“Where is it?!’I screamed
Randomly, I opened several different drawers. I threw the clothes out of them. I still couldn’t find it. Squatting, I threw my books out from under my bed.
"They have the pendent!" My heart froze. This was bad. No, this was worse than bad.
"What? Are you sure?" Pedro asked, eyes wide.
"Yes. I looked everywhere. It's gone. They have it." I sank to the ground.
“This is bad,”Anna said
"But Furliceo's locked up, so no one can use it," Chaser said
“Actually, he escaped with the help of Vade Markson."Pedro said
"What?" I jumped to my feet. "Why didn't you tell us sooner?"
“There wasn't any time.”Pedro said
“That's no excuse.”
"Skyrid, calm down," Anna said, putting a hand on my shoulder. "We should be figuring out a plan, not fighting ourselves."
I sighed. "You're right. Sorry guys."
"Now," Anna said, turning to Pedro. "Who's Vade?"
“He’s my Son. And, the Creator of the Darkomegian Procedure.”Richard said
“Didn’t Kodyack perform that?”I said
“Yes.”Richard said
“So that’s why Nancy needed Kodyack.”
“Exactly. And, I have a feeling they're gonna use your pendant.”
“What for, exactly?”
“A part of the Helios can give you enough strength for your body
to gain another set of power rings.”
“But, I thought they could only do that with my help or self-sacrifice.”
“Skyrid, I’ve been keeping a secret from you.”
I was speechless. This is exactly like when I found I was a Cithian. I was pissed then and I am now. I glared at him.
“Don’t keep secrets from me!”
“It’s for your own good, Skyrid.”
“What haven’t you told me?” I said
“The reason why your dad was kidnapped.”Pedro said
“Tell me!”I said
“Former Sayis’ can activate the parts.”Pedro said
“Why can’t we destroy them again?”Anna said
“They can only be destroyed by both of their creators, Adagar and Gadrid . Gadrid is dead.”I said
“Right. Are there other ways?”Anna said.
“Not that we know of.”Richard said. 
We all crawled outside as the wind whistled.  A portal appeared. Out came a army. At the front of it was Drayer, Furliceo, and Nancy. A flag rustled in the wind. It had a bloody sword on it. Nancy held it in her left hand.
Their feet stomped the grassy ground as blood dripped from their armor.
“Brace yourselves.”Nester said.
“There’s gotta be thousands of them.” I said.
“We know. You’ll all have to use your training.”
 The Army grabbed their bows. Arrows flew at us. Pedro put up a yellow wall again. They still pierced through though. One of them, flew towards Chaser. I jumped in front of him, it flew over me and pierced his heart. I knelt down beside Chaser.
“No!”I said.
Tears flowed down my face. I shook him.
“Speak to me, Chaser!”
“He’s dead, Skyrid. There’s nothing you can do.”
“No!”
“Why’d have to be you?”
“Skyrid, you gotta keep fighting.”Anna said
“Why should I?”
“It’s what Chaser would want!”
“She’s right.”Pedro said.
“He’s gone.”
“You gotta keep going with the fight though. We could lose your dad, too!”
“You’re right.”
I wiped my tears with my sleeve.
“Good. Everyone, turn into your warrior forms.”
We all turned into our warrior forms. Since I have already showed you everyone else forms, I’ll only tell you about Richard’s at the moment. He had an amber-colored helmet and aqua armor everywhere else. Also, he was holding a light grey staff with orange specks mixed in on it. On the top of the was the Sayis’ Symbol ( A circle with every Sayis symbol on it) and it was spinning around like a top.
At the top of the circle and halfway around it was a metal band. We all walked out into the battle. Fader walked up to us.
“What do we do, Pedro? Bloodshed outnumbers us!”He said
“We fight. We didn’t give up in the First war like this, and we’re not gonna now either!”
“Pedro’s right! We have to fight for Chaser and my dad.”
“Thank you, Skyrid. But what I meant was, I want all the warriors in training to help  fight this war.”
“But they’re...” Kama said. 
“Untrained? Yes, I know, Kama. But if I would’ve let them fight this thing earlier, we wouldn’t have lost my son!”
“Your son is gone?”Fader and Kama said in unison. 
“Yes.”Pedro said.
A tear ran down his cheek.
“I’m sorry. Chaser was a good student though.”Fader said
“And, a great fighter.”Kama said. 
“Yes, he was... and... a true friend.”I said
“I’ll gather the students together.”Fader said
“And, I’ll find the teachers we have left.” Kama said. 
“Wait. Skyrid, call your army out!”Pedro said
“How?”
“Just focus on them really well and they’ll appear from a green portal.”
I closed my eyes and focused on the Kazakian Warriors. When I opened my eyes, a green portal appeared and a army of warriors dressed in samurai armor stepped out with Zeddark leading them. Zeddark came up to me.
“You called us, Kazaka. Why?”
“There was an attack. Look!”
Zeddark turned around.
“A challenge it looks like.” he said.
“Exactly. We’re outnumbered.” I said
“Yes. But if we die, we die with honor.”
Pedro and Fader gathered all the students together as we all marched up to the Bloodshed Army. Furliceo walked out in front of his Army and shot two beams of darkness into the air. He wore my pendant.
“Pedro, I was right. Furliceo has my pendant.”I whispered
Pedro looked at Furliceo.
“Yes, he does. Your dad, Alex must’ve activated it.”He whispered
“He probably didn’t do it willingly though.”
Furliceo turned into his Sayis form and turned to his army.
“Bring out the prisoner.”
The army split in half. No one said a word. My dad strode down the middle of the line, his feet unsteady. Silver chains manacled his hands and ankles. His brown beard was back, scruffy and long.
“What’d you do to him, Furliceo?”
“He’s possessed and my prisoner of war.”
Furliceo laughed and looked at Richard.
“How does it feel to see Alex in your place, Hecticmaker. By the way, it’s nice to see you in that form again.”
“What does he mean?” I whispered
“I was once...”
“My prisoner.”Furliceo said.
Furliceo put my Father in a orange orb and he floated above us uncontrollably. His army came together again and we met in battle. I went towards Furliceo.
“Furliceo! I want a rematch!”
“Rematch? Your brother saved you last time and who’s gonna save you now?”
“You’re just bluffing!”
“Am I?”
“It doesn’t matter. Fight me!”
“Alright. I never back down from a challenge.”
Furliceo and I backed up from each other three steps. He shot a beam of Darkness at me. I jumped into the air and turned into my Mythical Creature Form. Furliceo laughed.
“You’ve grown more powerful! But, that form is ugly.”
I roared with my lion head and shot a orb of light at him. Furliceo tried to shoot out a orb of darkness but, his Sayis form started fading in and out.
“What’s happening to me?!”
The beam hit him. I shot two yellow orbs into the air and caught them. I turned back into my warrior form. A grey portal  appeared and the wind blew. A centaur with the body of a pegasus and the tale of a lion stepped out.
“It’s called the Sayis Curse, Furliceo. When you mess with Death, your powers are weakened.”The creature said
“Who are you?”Furliceo said
“The Ultimate Sayis, Pegula Sayis.”
The Pegula extended his hands. My warrior form faded out.
“Presenting, my son, Bradley Greenson.”
Bradley came out. I ran up to him.
“Bradley! I thought you were dead!”
“The Darkness cannot destroy an innocent being.”



































Chapter 24 A earned Freedom 
The Pegula lifted  Furliceo into the air. Furliceo screamed as his veins popped and the power rings burned through the skin. They cut slits in his wrists as they came out  of his wrists and into the Pegula's hands along with the pendant. A yellow portal opened beneath Furliceo as he fell into it. Drayer stood at the foot of the army. 
“We have no leader. But, we fear you not, Pegula.” he said. 
The Pegula threw an orange orb into air. Jumping into the air, he caught it. He became naked as a white robe appeared on him. Gray hair covered his head. His eyes turned leafy green. His face was pasty white. 
“Do you fear me now?”
“Still no.” 
“Then it’s my wrath you must face.” 
The ground shook as the plates beneath the ground moved. It cracked in half as it turned over and all  of bloodshed fell into the ocean. Drayer rose into the air. Kursta looked at me. 
“Don’t just stand there. Shoot him!” he said. I shot at him with a beam of light. Drayer turned into a mirror. The beam hit off of him and back towards me. 
“Now, what I’d do?”
“A combination orb.” 
Me and my brothers shot four gray orbs into the air and they combined into one huge orb. The beam hit into the orb. It absorbed the beam. We all threw the combination orb at Drayer as he fell into the ocean.  
My dad’s orb fell to the ground. Drayer looked at us.
“You can't be alive, Bradley! Nancy killed you.”He said
“Only temporarily. The Darkness can’t imprison an innocent soul forever.”Bradley said
“Doesn’t matter! You’ll die, now!”Drayer said
Drayer ran towards Bradley with power orbs raised.. I stood in front Bradley.
“Leave him alone, I’m the one you want.”
“Skyrid, do you know what you’re doing?”Bradley whispered
“Yes. I hope so.”I said
“Fine. Kaiser, take the boy.”Drayer said
“Stop!”the Pegula  said
Drayer gasped.
“You’re... the...”
“Ultimate Sayis? Yes, I am.”
“What’d you want?”
“The boy’s Father.”
“Never. Unless of course, you beat me in a duel.”
The armies backed up a few steps. The Pegula  and Drayer stepped back two steps away from each other. Pegula  shot a beam of light and a blue beam towards Drayer out of each of his hands. Drayer jumped to the side to dodge them, and threw a beam of Darkness at them. When the beams hit together, a blue-white orb emerged and hit Drayer unto the ground. He couldn’t get up no matter how hard he tried.   
Drayer’s army split in half again, Pedro hit dad’s s orange orb with a beam of light. The orb broke in half as my dad fell to the ground unconscious.A yellow orb appeared with my pendant inside it. Dropping it into my hands, it disappeared. I ran towards my Father’s body.
“dad, wake up!”
He didn’t budge.
“dad, please! You were right! Furliceo was way too much for me to handle.”
Tears streamed down my cheeks.
“dad, I can’t lose you now. You’re all I have left. Forget what I said before, coming to Gailems was the best thing for me.”
I touched his face. His eyes opened and he coughed hardly.
“dad?!”
“Skyrid?”
I put my arms around him.
“You’re alive!”
“So are you! I’m so proud of you.”
My dad’s face lit up and his chains came off.  The ground shook as the ground came back up. A grey portal appeared. Out came a group of Aliens called Hithians(Aliens From Hiton). They looked like us expect they had orange and red rings around their wrists. The rings were twisted into the shape of helix.  These Hithians were dressed in gladiator armor and had shield with crosses on them in their right hands and a spear in their left. 
The leader came forward. He was a Striker. General Harnett to be exact. (General Harnett is General Clayton’s big brother) 
“You destroyed our cities and our homes. Now, it is your time to die.” he said. 
 “That wasn’t us. That was Furliceo Woolsley and Drayer Jets.” I said. 
“No. Furliceo wouldn’t ever do something like that.” he said. 
Thoughts ran through my mind.  Are they blind!? The first attacker was a person with a blue face. Furliceo is the man with the blue face. The second looked exactly like Drayer. So Drayer is the second attacker.  
General Harnett shot a beam of light towards me. I jumped over it. Mitchell turned into my mythical creature form. General Harnett laughed. 
“You don’t scare us, Cithian. “ he said. Mitchell lifted huge ball of Hitonian plates into the air. 
“Do you fear me now?” Mitchell said. 
“A little.” he said. Mitchell lifted seven of those same things into the air and put an orb of light into each of them. 
“Please don’t harm us, Cithian. We’ll retreat on our own.” 
A grey portal opened as they all jumped into it. Mitchell fell to the ground. I ran up to him, touching his face. Mitchell coughed harshly as he looked into my eyes. I helped him up. 
Kursta walked over to me. 
“Chaser needs your help. He’s in spirit prison.” 
“Why?” 
“He was damned because he had never had been baptized.” 
“How can I help?”
“I want you to be the proxy for his baptism.” 
A grey portal appeared. We all walked into it. We came upon a misty lake. Bradley walked up to me.  Chaser’s body laid in a coffin on the other side. Candles went all around it. 
We both jumped into the lake. Bradley put his right hand into the air and I held onto his other hand.
“Skyrid Crop, I baptize you for and behalf of Chaser Jerricus; who is dead in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost.”
Bradley dunked me into the water. We both walked out of the water. I knelt down on the ground. Bradley placed his hands on my head.
“According to the baptism which you’ve had, you will embody the true Chaser. The greatest Cithian of our generation is what he was. He embodied what real mankind should act like. He was the last of the goodness in the world. You’ll encounter many wars in your lifetime. But, I bless you to be diligent in your calling and you will lead your armies well. ~ Amen.”  
He got on the Pegula. 
I came up to him. 
“Thanks for everything.”
“You’re welcome. Remember, sometimes innocent people have to die for Kursta’s purposes to be realized.”
“I will.”
I looked at the Pegula.
“Kursta, take care.”
 They flew away. 
“Dad, where’s Bradley going?”
“I do not know.  Bradley has other worlds to attend to.”
“Will he come back?”
“One day he will probably.”

























Chapter 25 Chaser’s substitute
A few days later, a group of contractors rebuilt our Living room wall and cleaned up all the stuffing. It took three weeks to fully rebuild the living room wall that was right next to the Fireplace. While housekeeping cleaned up the boys’ dorm, everyone gathered in the Hall of Sayis Dragons. Vogler, Tovar, Kiraces and Adagar stood in front of us with Richard between them. Richard extended his hands and stepped forward. 
“For those of you who don’t know, Chaser died in battle by the strike of a self-shooting arrow. Because of this, he must be replaced as Gator Sayis. Adagar, please state your nominee.”
“Skyrid Crop; because of his courageous sacrifice for Chaser. Voyage, go.”
“Mitchell Crop; because of his selfless act on saving us all. Kiraces?”
“Well, I’ve chosen Parser Jerricus for his effort in trying to protect his dorm. Tovar?”
“Jaren James; because of his effort to resist becoming Darkomega.”
Richard put his hands to his sides.
“Will the nominees please come forward now?”
Mitchell, Jaren, Parser, and I walked up to the front of everyone and turned around to face them. Richard came between us. 
“The First Round of Voting will happen now. Vogler will be first. “He said
“Skyrid’s mine. Kiraces?”
“Jaren is my vote. Adagar?”
“Mitchell Crop. Tovar, you’re the final vote.”
“Mitchell Crop.”
I know Tovar can’t vote for his own nominee. Mitchell saved us from a possible extinction though. So, I believe he was the better choice than Jaren. I am glad with his vote.
Richard narrowed his eyes.
“Tovar! Mitchell killed thousands of aliens! He should be put in chains, not given Sayis Powers!”
“He saved us all though.”
Richard rolled his eyes. 
“Parser and Jaren, since you both had the lowest number of votes you are eliminated. Please go back to your seats.”
Parser and Jaren walked back to their seats.
“Now for the last round. Mitchell and Skyrid, would you like to say anything before we proceed?”
I glared at Richard. Why’d he yell at Tovar? He is right. Mitchell did save us. 
“Alright. Skyrid, you’ll go first.”
“Chaser died as a Martyr for all Cithians. He embodied someone who was friendly, courteous, someone who cared about me and a trustworthy human being. He’s gone, but his example lives inside us all. I was the one who tried to save him and had to move on with my life. Or, I would be stuck in the past. The Council Members should choose the person who embodies Chaser’s soul the most.” 
Tears streamed down my cheeks. Mitchell patted me on the back and put his hands back to his sides.
“I don’t want to face my Brother, but I know that these people will choose the right person. So, may the best Warrior Win.”
Richard looked left and right as the members nodded and Kiraces stepped forward.
“Skyrid is my vote. Vogler?”
“Mine is Skyrid. Tovar?”
“Skyrid’s mine. Adagar?”
“Mitchell.”
Richard stepped in front of us.
“Mitchell with one vote, you have been eliminated and Skyrid is the new Gator Sayis.”
Everyone cheered. 
“Silence! “Richard said.
We all went silent.
“Michael Crop was running for President last year. Today, which is January 8th, 2053, he has won his spot in the Red Mansion. He’ll be moving into his new home with the rest of his family while Brian Gunderson (the old President) moves out.”
We all cheered Michael on. My dad came forward and raised his hand in the air. 
“Say your last goodbyes. It’s time for everyone to go home.”
Jaren came up to me. 
“Thank you, Skyrid. At least you tried to save him. “Jaren 
“No problem. Chaser was a great friend.”
“Have a good time being the Gator Sayis.” 
“Will do.” 
Parser came up to me. 
“Congrats. You definitely embody chaser more than anyone in this room. “He said.
“Thanks. I was just trying to do the right thing though.” I said
Crystal came up to me along with my Mother.
“Skyrid, thank you for freeing me. Nancy was a Psycho.”
“You are very welcome! I fear there is even more to come than this though.”
I walked up to Michael.
“Hey Bro! Or, should I say President! You did it!”
“I did! Now, I can overrule the Cithian Outlawing.”
“That would be nice. So, good luck.”
“You too. You’ll do a great job as a Sayis!”
Kodyack walked up to me.
“It is just like I thought. You decided to take control of powers! How does it feel?”
“Good. We won the War.” 
“True. Unlike last time.”
Mitchell, Michael and I held hands. My parents and Crystal held our hands. We all turned into crystal white orbs. We all flew into a green portal.


























Chapter 26 time to move
We appeared in front of our home. Two moving trucks from Madrid's moving company were parked in the front. Movers had already packed everything but the furniture. My dad and I got into the first moving truck. Crystal took the mustang along with my three brothers. 
My mom got in the second moving truck. We follow the dirt road as police followed behind us. On the way, we passed Siraka and saw it in all its rubble. We could hear the cries of thousands of innocent people. We could see it all in our minds. 
The Strikers were trying to mislead everyone by destroying my hometown along with two Cithians; Drayer and Furliceo. They wanted everyone to believe that Cithians are bad news and must be destroyed. But, they are just misunderstood people. Some of them have malfunctions that possess them; making them do evil things like destroying hometowns. Others are killed by their own powers or kill people during their malfunctions. 
This event changed my whole perspective to think that: Cithians are just everyday people but with powers and I know that now I used to hate the Cithians because I didn’t understand them. But now, I sympathize with them. 
“They’re right about everything, Dad. There shouldn’t be any ranks. People should be able to live without being criticized of who they are whether they have powers or not.”
“You know, you’re right. People shouldn’t have to live with that stuff.” 
“Exactly. Maybe Michael will change all of that.”
***
When we got to Jay City, we parked outside the red mansion. We all got out and stood behind Michael as he stood on the podium.  A Striker came forward and placed the Secret book of Aliens (The Alien Bible) on the podium. Michael put his left hand on the book and raised his right hand to the sky. 
“I swear to uphold the duties of a president. I swear to protect the constitution. I swear to treat every person as they act.” Michael said. The Striker took away the book. Michael looked towards the crowd.  
“Today, all the ranks will be abolished and the Cithians will live in peace in with all of us.”
The crowd booed.
 “Sure they destroyed our homes; but consider this: Put yourselves in their shoes for a moment. Imagine you had power that was beyond your control. The Cithians that destroyed your homes were possessed.
I have told you since the day I began my campaign that I was a Cithian. I don’t know what you were thinking when you voted me in, but maybe you thought I was different. I assure you’re all right. I want peace between the ranks more than anything.
 I want everyone to be treated as who they are and what they do with their lives. We shouldn’t have to be judged just because we’re different. No two humans are alike. We all think and breathe differently.” he said.
 The crowd cheered as we all walked into the red mansion. I walked up to Michael.
“You handle criticism well, Mike.” 
“I know. But, I fear one day that Nancy will be revived.”
“How?” 
“Witchcraft, maybe. But, more than likely they’ll use the revival necklace.” 
“What’s that?”
“It’s a pendant that can bring people back from the dead.”
“How’s it supposed to be activated?”
“By the healer’s diamond.” 
“Then we must destroy it.” 
Michael laid the parts on the table in the dining room. They all turned into the healer’s diamond. 
“Adagar told me another way to destroy It.” he said. 
“How exactly?” I said. 
“It was created by a Sayis and his representative. So, it can be destroyed the same way.” 
Adagar came into the room. His dreads hung loosely down by his ears. He had a trimmed beard that you could only see if you looked at him really closely. His bright green eyes twinkled like the stars. A red cloak dragged on the ground from all around him as he walked up to me. 
“Kawthar!” He said as he lifted the parts into the air. I shot a beam of green light at them. They all disappeared.   
   







