


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the product of the authors’ imaginations or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is entirely coincidental.

Copyright 2018 by Stephanie Flint and Isaac Flint

Formatting and cover design by Stephanie Flint
Cover art uses Daz assets

All rights reserved. Published by Infinitas Publishing.

Smashwords Edition




infinitaspublishing.com
Back Cover Blurb
Too bad reprogramming a haunted airship doesn’t come with an instruction manual.

Blinded by love, Tim helps his girlfriend steal a valuable artifact from the rebellion—an artifact used by its rightful owners to create a monstrous, living airship that will end the war and restore world order.

Thanks to his ability to mentally control computers, his new allies bring him into their highest ranks...

With a catch.

They need his powers to complete what they started. The airship should have been devastating—a marvel of technology enhanced with super-human powers from the memory-wiped people they hooked into the vessel’s computer.

Instead, it has glitches.

Fragments of human memories wreak havoc in the airship’s internal code. Their tormented whispers invade Tim's thoughts.

His superiors need him to figure out why. 

To impress them, and thus secure his place at his girlfriend's side, Tim needs to remove those "ghosts..."

Before one of the airship's glitches traps his mind as just another whisper in the code.
Table of Contents
Prologue
One
Two
Three
Four
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
Ten
Eleven
Twelve
Thirteen
Fourteen
Fifteen
Sixteen
Seventeen
Eighteen
Nineteen
Twenty
Twenty-One
Twenty-Two
Twenty-Three

Thank You
Newsletter
Acknowledgements
About the Authors
Connect with the Authors
More from the Authors

PROLOGUE
I sit on a hard bench, listening to the Camaraderie leaders debate my fate. I helped their spy steal a valuable artifact from the rebellion, but the fact remains—less than twenty-four hours ago, I worked for their opposition.
Lady Bridget Winters, a telepath with a penchant for torture, stands across the force field from me, her manicured fingers stroking the dimple on her chin. Her white hair pools around her shoulders from an elaborate bun, and her face is a gnarly mess of wrinkles. Val, the spy I fell in love with, fidgets beside the old crone. Her frizzy, dark brown hair frames her face. Her eyes, lined with a thin layer of eyeliner, are wide with concern. Commander Gerald Rick, the head of the Camaraderie, stands behind them in full military regalia, a crisp, tan uniform with rows and rows of medals pinned to his chest. His white hair has been groomed perfectly, every strand in its proper place. He clasps his hands behind his back and looks over me, evaluating me as if I was one of his beasts, or could become one of his beasts.
I push myself further back on the bench, as if that might help me hide. Beasts are subhuman monsters, people who were forced to undergo a painful transformation in order to make them more effective servants or soldiers. They lose their memories and their autonomy as part of the transformation, and I’d prefer to keep my mind intact.
Lady Winters cocks her head, hidden wrinkles revealing themselves along her cheeks as she gives me a slow, malicious smile. “The boy’s powers involve technology and enhanced intelligence. He’s the perfect candidate for placement in a hub.”
I wince. If they put me in a hub, I’ll lose my memories, but at least I won’t have to go through the beast transformation process.
“Wait—” Val starts, but Lady Winters snarls at her, looking down with obvious disdain. Val quickly glances at the floor to hide her expression—not that anyone can hide their feelings from a telepath as strong as Lady Winters. The rebels call her “Brainmaster” for a reason.
“Commander Rick,” Val says softly, glancing over her shoulder to him. “Tim can be useful to us. You should have seen the improvements he made to the rebels’ main computer. He hijacked their anti-gravity craft and managed its flight and invisibility systems without any training. Think of what he could do in the Community. He could make the whole society more efficient.”
That was my goal. The Community is safe… or would be, if the Camaraderie wasn’t still fighting the OA and several small rebellions. The Camaraderie maintains the Community, which keeps its citizens safe, secure, and efficient. I’m not the most helpful when it comes to safety, but I can put my programming skills to good use making everything more efficient.
At least, I can when I’m not being held prisoner for collaborating with rebels. Long story.
Lady Winters waves her hand dismissively. “I have advisors for dealing with the Community. What I need are techno sight users for my project.”
Commander Rick clears his throat. “Given his aptitude, and his loyalty—”
“Loyalty?” Lady Winters protests. “He hacked EYEnet, joined the rebels, and caused havoc for your tech masters. How is that loyalty?”
I cringe. She has a point. Granted, I didn’t know what was going on at the time, but still…
“If you look in his mind, my lady, you will see that he is quite loyal. Perhaps the boy could review your personal project and make adjustments. I dare say his mind would be stronger if it is intact.”
I squirm. Personal project? I’m not sure I want to know what kind of personal project the woman has. And I really don’t want her to look into my mind.
Lady Winters narrows her eyes, and her gold eye shadow makes her look older than she already is—
Fire bursts through my skull. My brain threatens to peel open and I gasp for breath. There’s fire in my brain…
The fire subsides. I cough, feeling like I’m forcing smoke from my lungs. The whole world around me is far, far too white. Too much light… too much noise.
Note to self—don’t think about a telepath’s age.
Lady Winters harrumphs. “Fine. So the boy is loyal. But you want me to trust him with my personal project? He’s hardly qualified.”
A smile tugs at the commander’s lips. “If you’re questioning your ability to manage this promising young man, have Benjamin keep an eye on him.”
“I can manage the boy just fine,” she retorts.
Benjamin is their… well… he’s a scientist who focuses on powers and enchanting artifacts. He’s also a spirit. He attached his life force to a set of five pendants, which is what the Camaraderie uses to maintain power. If they want to use the pendants, they have to keep him around.
Commander Rick strokes his beard, contemplative. “I’m not so certain you can manage him. It was not long ago that you were bested by two young rebels who had less than a year’s training. This young lady here,” he pats Val’s shoulder, “used guile and wit to retrieve what you lost when you could have made an impressive capture—without allowing anyone from our council to die.”
Val shrinks against him as Lady Winters glares at her.
“Perhaps,” he continues, “you should consider changing tactics.”
“My tactics are just fine!” Lady Winters raises her chin, fierce. “I let them think I was dead so we could track the pendant to the rebels’ location.”
The commander grunts. “Need I remind you that a plant elemental, armed with an electric spear, managed to heavily wound you? You’re losing your touch, my dear.”
The woman bristles. “Fine. I’ll take the boy. He might do better than the last whelp you sent.” She glowers at me. The hairs rise on the back of my neck. My chest feels tight—
Lady Winters smirks and waves a large, hulking beast to her side. He almost looks human, save for his cat-like eyes, pointed ears, and his thick, overly prominent forehead. He wears a loose black robe over his barrel-like chest. Knots of muscle bulge in his lengthy arms. Given the latter attributes, he probably had enhanced strength or toughness as a power before his transformation.
“Take him to my office,” she tells the beast. “Let’s see how well this boy’s mind functions under duress.”
Panic surges in my chest and I stand abruptly, unsteady since I can’t use my arms to balance myself. Being alone with Lady Winters is almost worse than being condemned to beast transformation. What she can do to a person’s mind—
“Wait!” Val shrieks, but the commander holds her back.
Lady Winters spins and points a finger at Val’s nose. Her deep purple robes swirl around her ankles and metallic, matching boots. “Watch it, girl. I outrank you.”
I swallow hard. Val’s trying, but there’s no way she can hold off Lady Winters. The force field goes down and the strength beastie roughly grabs my shoulders. He drags me down the hall.
The last I see of Val before we turn the corner is her mouthing, “I’m sorry.”

CHAPTER ONE
I push a computer tablet into a dazed rebel’s hand and then close her fingers around it. The tablet has the approximate locations of the artifacts the rebels want. If they’re focused on finding those artifacts, that should keep them out of the Community, where they might cause harm. I take a deep breath. Now I just have to keep the Camaraderie from knowing that I’m the reason this rebel, Jenna, is still alive. A security camera in the corner of the room records everything, but I can’t let anyone know that Lady Winters is dead.
That I killed her.
I’d been working for her ever since Commander Rick ordered her to give me a chance, but she hadn’t made it easy on me.
I reach my mind to the camera, using my techno sight ability to find the fleeting strands of code sending messages back to the hub, the base’s living command center, until I can picture the code in my mind like a movie. I erase the past few moments, changing what’s there to show the rebel in front of me, a former friend of mine, taking the gun and shooting the leader. Once I’m satisfied the video feed sees what I want it to see, I tell the camera to record. A red light winks at me.
I turn back to the rebel and swallow hard. Her face is red from screaming; her eyes are bloodshot and unfocused. Lady Winters did this to her. Lady Winters dug into her mind and tortured her. She forced my hand, and despite the fact that Jenna is a rebel, despite the fact that she’s working against the Camaraderie’s intentions of creating a safe, efficient society, I couldn’t let the telepath hurt her.
She’s one of the people in the rebellion who still wants to see the Community exist. She believes in the Community. She wants it to be safe. She just doesn’t like the Camaraderie’s methods. In a sense, we’re alike. And if it wasn’t for her getting me out of the Community in the first place, I’d be inside Lady Winters’ project, not out here with a gun in my hand.
“You killed Lady Winters,” I say for the camera. By pinning the blame on the rebels, I should be able to continue making the Community more efficient. I can’t do that if the Camaraderie decides to execute me for treason.
Jenna stares at me, puzzled. “But I—”
“The Community is safe.” I step away from her and kneel beside Lady Winters’ corpse. I’m careful not to look at the holes I put in her skull as I take the emerald pendant, an artifact I helped steal two months ago, from under her hair.
“Tim—” Jenna starts, plainly confused.
“It is my duty.” I hook Lady Winters’ pendant around my neck, the safest place I can think of at the moment, then find the nearest door’s controls with my mind. The door slides open and I stride through. But, coward that I am, I look back.
Jenna sits alone.
A lump forms in my chest. At least she’s alive. My mentor from the rebellion is not. Lady Winters killed him before I could stop her.
A door slides open on the opposite wall and Jenna’s friend, Lance, enters the room. He sees me standing in the door and his eyes narrow. He runs at me, his swords extended. “Traitor!”
My heart leaps to my throat. I slam the door shut with my mind, but his words echo in my ears. A flurry of urgency flares in the tech around me and I frown. Now what? I look at the feed of the nearest camera and nearly drop my gun. The rebels, a different group than the one I worked with, are planting bombs. The base’s hub is trying to send out warnings with their locations.
There’s a strong chance that this base is about to suffer heavy damage. The map of the base rises to my surface thoughts and I trace a way out that should bypass Special Forces agents and beasts. And Val…
Val! My chest constricts. She could be in danger.
I race toward Val’s room. She’s probably recovering after completing the Camaraderie’s recent project, so I should be able to get to her without anyone stopping me. The Special Forces agents will be too preoccupied with the rebel incursion to worry about what I’m doing.
Door after door flies by me and I hurry around a corner, the emerald pendant slapping my chest as if Lady Winters is snapping at me even in death. Not possible, since she didn’t have life-spirit powers, which is a requirement for becoming a spirit the way Benjamin did, but the thought makes me shudder.
I near the experimental segment of the base where the Camaraderie was working on Lady Winters’ pet project. The hall is eerily silent. I need to see if Val left the area, or if she’s still inside. I mentally link into the security cameras nearest to me. The code tickles my mind as if it’s whispering in my ear.
I shrug off the feeling and continue checking the security cameras. Val has to be in the base somewhere. I just hope she’s not near the rebels. She can take care of herself in a fight, but a bomb?
I can’t let her get hurt—
A flood of telepathic voices slams into my mind. The voices strain and grab me, nonsensical and desperate. Pain wraps around my brain, a squelching sense of dozens of humans losing their individual clarity, merging as part of a larger, single organism…
I double over, sick to my stomach, and press my fingers against the cold floor. What in the Community is going on? The voices… so many voices…
They solidify in my mind, a rushing tidal wave of emotion and fear.
Help us…
I gasp for breath. I’m being crushed under their weight; I can’t focus, can’t remember why I’m here—
An explosion rocks the base. I struggle to lift my head. I need to make sure Val is okay. I return to the security footage and find Val running toward the latest explosion. I start toward the route I need to take to reach her.
A pair of Special Forces agents stand in my path, their rifles aimed at my head. “Drop your weapon,” the woman says.
I freeze. Unlike Val, I’m not good in a fight. I lower my gun and place it on the ground before me. “The rebels are trying to destroy the base,” I sputter. “Val—Lady Salazar—was running toward them. There might be other bombs—”
“Lady Salazar is fine, and we’ve disabled the rebels’ other devices. Now, you’re going to step away from the gun, then walk to the cells. You know the way.” She nudges her rifle in the direction of the detention center. The other agent keeps his rifle pointed at me. I wince, but do as she says. If I’m lucky, they’ll let me see Val before they execute me. If I’m not so lucky—
I swallow hard. Despite the fact that I’m probably going to be tried as traitor for killing Lady Winters, I’m better off handing over the pendant and explaining why I killed her than I am trying to escape, especially if Val is okay.
Help us…
I shiver as the voices echo in the back of my head. I can’t be sure, but I think they came from the room housing the Camaraderie’s secret project.
CHAPTER TWO
The Special Forces woman cuffs my hands behind my back and sits me against a bench in a sterile holding cell. She has super strength; I can’t balance myself against her. A moment later, a man in a white lab coat follows. He opens a small box, extracts a syringe, and flicks the needle. My stomach twists. I’ve never liked needles, but if I resist, my punishment will be worse.
“Timothy Zaytsev?” the lab technician asks. I nod. He checks for the proper vein in my neck. My muscles tense, pinched as the needle goes in, and within seconds, my sense of the technology around me dims from the injection of adominogen, a substance that blocks powers. The technician waggles and removes the needle. The woman tapes a cotton wad over the entry point. I feel sick, made worse for the loss of my powers.
The woman checks that the room is clear of any foreign objects I might use against them, and then steps outside the open cell. She presses the side panel. Electricity hums as a force field flickers to life, and they leave me there, my hands still cuffed behind me. At least this is a private room.
I stretch out my thoughts, searching for the computers, for any sense of modern technology. Nothing. No grid of circuits, no constant feed of ones and zeros. No threads of other techno sight users moving through the system. If I still had my powers, I could shut down the force field. I could move through EYEnet and eavesdrop anywhere there’s a microphone. Play a video game by thought, like I did when I was with the rebels.
A pang of regret forms in my chest, but I push it away. Right now I need to figure out what to tell Commander Rick. I let out a breath and stare up at the bright LEDs in the ceiling. I try to remain calm and, in the process, lose track of time. There are no shadows here; everything’s lit. It prevents criminals from hiding anything. Hours pass before two blurry silhouettes appear in front of the force field. It flickers, then blinks out of existence. A young woman stands in the force field’s place, and a tendril of hope warms inside me.
Val. She’s beautiful. Her metallic outfit shimmers under the LEDs, crackling with trace electricity and brilliantly contrasting her tan skin. Beside her, an elderly servant, Stuart, bows his bald head. He gestures to the cell. “My lady.”
Val rushes past him and throws her arms around me. “Are you all right?” She nuzzles her nose in my neck, and I’m glad it’s not the same side they injected me. I close my eyes. She smells like lilies. Her metal armor is lukewarm, like holding a coin in my hand, and she doesn’t let it spark while she holds me. Her fingers brush through my short hair, finding their way to my jawbone. “What happened?” she asks, catching my eyes with hers. “I saw the footage, but—”
I shake my head and cringe as the tape on the cotton ball pulls my skin. “The footage isn’t real.”
It was stupid of me to think I could fool the Camaraderie. Any telepath could read my mind to see the truth. Even a wandering, inexperienced telepath could see what’s already at the forefront of my mind, and most of the telepaths around here are considerably well-trained. Take the servant, for instance. He’s always scanning for the council’s basic needs.
Val kneels beside me. She’d probably be on my lap if there weren’t security cameras everywhere, and if she didn’t need to maintain her appearance of being one of the top four—now three, thanks to me—international council members.
She lowers her voice. “The footage isn’t real?”
“Lady Winters tricked three of the Coalition members into entering the room while she was briefing me. She had them under her influence.”
“That was in the footage,” she reminds me.
“The only part I changed is the part after Lady Winters attacked Jenna.”
Val scoffs at Jenna’s name and murmurs something undoubtedly unpleasant in Spanish. Though she’s a Camaraderie leader, Val came from the Mexican territory, which isn’t under Community rule. “I don’t suppose she finished the job?” she mutters.
I sigh. “Lady Winters should have captured them for questioning,” I remind her, “not tried to kill them. I…” I glance at my knees. My alibi—the blame I placed on Jenna in the footage—feels flimsy now. “I’m the one who shot Lady Winters, and I gave Jenna my tablet.”
“Why?” Val hisses. Her hand clenches my leg.
“The locations of the time stones are on them,” I say. “Which, if they follow the leads, should help us find them.”
She tilts her head, puzzled. A frizz of dark hair falls over her eyes and she bats it away. “But… I don’t understand. We had the rebels right here. Why didn’t you try to capture them?”
“Do you really think I could have bested Lance in a fight? And I was being briefed by Lady Winters. You know what that’s like. A chance to test our loyalty, not give us a bunch of simple statistics. It’s a headache. I was doing good to even consider giving the rebels some kind of lead to track them with.” I strain to remember the details so I can explain myself. The tricky part of this is remembering my plan without techno sight or enhanced intelligence to guide me. “The information would help them if they survive going after the time stones. But I suspect that each of those stones has a guardian, like the dragon spirit you fought in Japan. It appears the Maya stone they stole had a shapeshifter of some sort. The other three should also have guardians.”
Val’s eyes widen in recognition. She defeated the dragon spirit with her electricity power, and nothing the rebels have can hurt the guardians.
“With the locations of the stones,” I continue, “that gives us a way to track them. And there’s little chance the stones will actually work if they do get all five.”
Aside from the guardians, the stones aren’t supposed to work unless all five stones are present. Leaking the location of a couple stones won’t give the Coalition of Freedom what they need to affect time. Part of me hopes they do work, though. Part of me still wants to see the Coalition succeed, but the other part of me knows they would destroy the Community. The Community is safe and efficient. We should change the Camaraderie rather than destroy what good the Community provides.
“I’ll tell the commander.” Val places her forehead against mine, cradling my head between her hands. I wish I could do the same for her, but I won’t be out of the handcuffs anytime soon. “I’m sure he’ll listen to reason.”
I try to smile, but I’m not sure the commander will. I killed his main telepath. Lady Winters was supposed to run tests on their secret project. Control it. Now there’s only Commander Rick, and he’s busy with other projects.
Stuart steps inside the cell and bows apologetically. He inclines his head toward Val. “Our time here is short. If there is anything else you wish to say…” He lets his sentence drop when Val turns quickly.
“Of course, thank you.” She returns her attention to me. “I’ll get you out.” She kisses my lips, drawing out a savory moment I hope I’ll have again, and then hesitantly returns to the servant’s side.
“I love you,” I say. Val smiles, but I’m not sure how much of that smile is an act to make me feel better. My chance of being released alive—with my mind intact—is slim.
Stuart activates the force field and the two silhouettes disappear.
CHAPTER THREE
“Timothy Zaytsev?”
I snap awake. My eyes protest the strong light. Commander Rick stands before me in his usual tan uniform, his white hair and mustache groomed for perfection. A tall, lanky beast follows behind him, her pale hand outstretched. She’s one of the fair ones—more human in appearance than the others. She’s tall and thin, with pointed ears and golden eyes, and a face just a bit too sharp to be natural. She wears a shimmery black tunic, tied at the waist by a red sash—one of the commander’s favorite beasts. Without her moving, a chair hovers in front of her and sits telekinetically behind Commander Rick. The beast shifts her cat-like gaze between me and the commander. “Thank you,” he says, and she slinks away.
I shiver. I still haven’t acclimated to the beasts being up close and personal as tools, not as monsters trying to murder me. They used to be human. Now they’re little more than slaves or pets.
Commander Rick pulls the chair forward and clasps his hands on his knee, one leg over the other. I didn’t expect him to be so… casual… given the circumstance.
“I reviewed the footage from earlier,” he says, his voice tinged with a British Community accent, “and I have spoken with Lady Salazar. Now I would like to hear your version of the events.”
There’s no use lying to him. He’ll read my mind at the same time I answer. Asking me aloud is both a courtesy and a way to make me think about what he wants to see. So I tell him everything. Once I’m finished, he twists the corner of his bushy white mustache.
“Why did you kill Lady Winters?”
“She was manipulative.” My voice shakes. “She only wanted power. She acted for her own gain, not for the Community. Her methods were inefficient. She should have captured the rebels and discovered the Coalition’s location. Instead she killed one of them, then proceeded to torture another.”
Commander Rick frowns. “The latter being Miss Nickleson.”
“Yes. Lady Winters took pleasure in harming others, regardless of whether or not her tactics produced information. There were plenty of times she attacked a prisoner slated for beast transformation long after they were deemed unimportant.”
I worked under her guidance. I’d seen the results of her “evaluations” of prisoners slated for use in the Legion Spore. They had screamed, begging for her to end their existence. They had huddled in their cells, eyes glazed and anguished. They had suffered endlessly at her mental torture… all of it unnecessary. Even Val, a new COE council member, had returned to her room, exhausted from Lady Winters’ meetings. Commander Rick will see everything, if he looks.
The commander strokes the curt beard on his chin. “Go on.”
“I was tired of dealing with her. She went too far. She wasn’t efficient. She didn’t make the Community safe and she cared little for the security of others.”
He raises an eyebrow. “So you killed her?”
“The Community will be better off without her,” I say carefully, but I wilt under his scrutiny. “Someone who actually cares can replace her. Someone whose methods and procedures are efficient, who doesn’t threaten the safety of the Community’s citizens. Someone—”
“Like you?”
“What?” I stare at him, dumbfounded. He’s got it wrong. I had no intention of replacing her.
The commander chuckles. The skin at the edge of his eyes crinkle with amusement. “Timothy, during your time with us, I have examined your progress in streamlining EYEnet. Do you understand how much more efficient you’ve made it? How much faster we’ve been able to identify rebels with your new security system? We’ve almost got a location on Abram Biryukov, Felipe Cortez, Lauren Dubois, and Nickolai Nickleson. Your work has put us months ahead of our projected schedule.” He slaps his knee. “To top it off, you’ve done quite the personal favor to everyone who has ever dealt with a certain old nuisance.”
My mouth hangs open. He just called Lady Winters a nuisance? Him? The commander?
“Let me tell you something, m’boy. The creation of the CLS Legion Spore was a success. The project has its kinks, but it is ready for field testing. Your programming worked wonders.” He pauses. “Timothy, I ask you this only because I am serious. Would you be interested in taking Lady Winters’ place in the Camaraderie of Evil?”
My heart stops. I can’t breathe. He’s offering me a place at his side. This is the highest honor I can dream of. This can’t be real. This must be a dream.
Alternatively, this could be a nightmare.
My chest constricts sharply, punching out any hope. Perhaps Lady Winters is testing my loyalty and I’m in for the worst memory of my life.
I lean forward on the bench, breathless. I was so sure I had killed her…
“Yes,” I whisper. My voice catches in my throat, urgent, as if he’ll retract his words. This is my chance to be with Val. Not just in the same base, but at her side as an equal.
The commander raises his chin. “Very good. I shall bring the proposition before the remaining council members.” He stands and reaches behind my back. The cuffs snap loose. “You are free to return to your room. Have a good evening. I expect you to meet me outside the hub in two hours. There are further matters we must attend to. With all due luck, you will make an excellent leader.” He turns on his heel and strides out the door.
Did he—
Community…
I might actually be a council member! I rub my wrists, then laugh, unable to contain my amazement. The Camaraderie controls over half of the globe. Russia, Europe, North America, South America…
With luck, I’m going to be one of the four rulers of the world.
CHAPTER FOUR
I nervously shift on my feet next to the door of the hub. Without my powers, the sterile white halls of the facility are eerily similar, devoid of the technological circuits I use to keep track of this place.
“Ah, good. You’re here.” The commander approaches me with his hands tucked against his back. Per usual, he sports crisp tan breeches and a matching jacket that is adorned with pouches and numerous medals. I suspect the decoration is for my benefit, a reminder that he earned his position by commanding the Camaraderie’s armies on the front line. Though we’re in friendly territory, he carries his pistol at his side, and that is not decoration.
Commander Rick tips his safari hat to me—a leader’s oddity. Every leader has them. It helps them stand out. Val with her sparkly armor, Lady Black with her form-fitting black suit and bullwhip, and Lady Winters with her awful purple and gold robes.
The commander chuckles. “I’m sure you’ll find your own oddities if we elect you into the Camaraderie,” he says.
I blink. I’ve been working here two months now and I’ve known about powers for three, but his reacting to my thoughts still surprises me.
Commander Rick nods. “As powers will continue to surprise you, Timothy. There is a lot to learn.” He keys in the code for the hub station. The door hisses as it slides open. “After you.”
The room inside is cold, meant to keep dozens of computers running smoothly. Blue lights give the room a foreboding sense of efficiency. At the center of the room is a circle of metal chairs around a wire column, each chair holding a human or beast upright. Their heads are tied against a stiff headboard. Red and blue wires run from the caps on their skulls into the column behind them.
In some ways, I’m glad I don’t currently have my powers. The hub has a single, unanimous mind comprised of a cold, hard artificial intelligence, the minds of its occupants ruled entirely by computer. The benefit of having them together is the ability to control their powers as a single unit. Teleportation and portals for instantaneous travel. Telepathy for communication. Life-spirit to maintain the health of the base’s staff. Techno sight to monitor the networks. If not for Val standing up for me, I could’ve ended up like the pale, near-naked bodies in the hub, rather than a candidate for leadership.
“Indeed,” Commander Rick murmurs in response to my thoughts. “As a leader, you would learn to work with hubs as their master, rather than as a simple technician.”
“Sir?” I tilt my head, confused.
He gestures to the room around us, with all the gadgets and screens and information feeding through it. “A technician merely manages the hub and keeps it running. What we need is someone who can do more, someone who can rise above the others and command a hub, guide it with a firm hand, and make it stronger. Can you do that?”
I stare at him, blank. “I… I can try.”
He narrows his eyes. “I need you to do more than try, Timothy, if you get this position.”
I swallow hard. Working with hubs is… unnerving, to say the least. I steal a glance at the bodies around the wire column. Unnerving, but doable. About anything would be doable after working with Lady Winters.
“That’s what I want to hear, m’boy.” The commander’s lips twitch in approval. Take us to my quarters, Commander Rick instructs the hub telepathically.
A swirling, purple shadow forms in front of us, a two-meter tall, opaque portal. The commander steps through and disappears on the other side. I hurry after him.
On the other side of the portal, I let my eyes adjust to the yellow, flickering lamplight. Community… I’ve never been in the commander’s quarters before, and I’m pretty sure this is just the office. Tall bookshelves line the wall with rows and rows of thick books on military strategy. Some of the books sport ragged cloth covers and gilded embossing, older than the ones that belonged to the rebels’ historian. But where the historian had models of stealth planes, Commander Rick has dozens of taxidermy statues mounted against cream-colored wallpaper: a gazelle with polished, ribbed horns, a boar with incredibly detailed glass eyes, and a stuffed lynx crouching atop the bookshelf behind the commander’s desk. Long, ivory tusks hang over a bronze globe. The globe has been carefully painted to reflect the Camaraderie’s rule versus the territory the Oriental Alliance still holds. The whole side wall is covered in mounts that surround an oil painting of the commander, where he stands with a double-barreled rifle on his shoulder and a lion’s carcass across the back of his jeep. A heavyweight beast waits behind him as protection, brass knuckles across its thick hands. Though the picture may be exaggerated, I have little doubt that the event happened.
“No exaggeration, m’boy. Took me days to kill the brute without using my powers.”
I blink. I hadn’t even realized he was reading my mind.
The commander takes a seat in an oversized leather chair, which seems grander due to the sheer size of the massive oak desk in front of him. The polished desk gleams in the flickering oil light. I have no idea if the lamps are designed to look real or if they hold an actual flame, but I feel like I’ve stepped back in time. This sort of setup hasn’t been in fashion for almost two hundred years.
Commander Rick retrieves a small, mahogany box from his desk, then fills a pipe with tobacco. He strikes a match and lights it, giving him the picture-perfect look of a satisfied general from some old safari show that the rebels watched.
It’s just…
Why not a lighter?
Commander Rick lets out a burst of hearty laughter and relaxes in the blush-stained chair. “Some things are worth taking the time to enjoy,” he notes. “A pipe, for instance.” The pipe is carved with designs of his favorite beasts. The tobacco glows coal-red before he releases a ring of smoke from his lips, which catches in his beard as it drifts. He glances at me, the skin crinkling around his eyes. “Have a seat.”
I take the shorter chair, no less extravagant, across from him. This place is different from the Community. There, everything is based around efficiency, safety, and security. I’d never heard of tobacco, save that it has addictive properties. Taxidermy was saved for ecology museums, since all our food was farm grown for the most effective production possible. As for oil and gaslight, we used LEDs. Before that, we had the curly-cue efficiency bulbs, like the metal charm I wear around my neck. I rub it between my fingers and absently stroke the edge of the chair.
It’s hard to believe I ended up here. This is the life of a leader, not a Community citizen. Not someone who only hoped to pass his tests and become a computer programmer. Not that I have any qualms with taking a better position; I just didn’t expect this.
“I appreciate your ambition,” Commander Rick says, watching me. “So does she.” He gestures his pipe to my hand. I pause. I’ve stopped stroking the polished arm of the chair, instead stroking something with short fur and the hardness of a skull. A leopard growls and butts her head against my hand.
I thrust myself to the other side of the chair before I can stop myself.
The commander roars with laughter. “I’ve got to bring visitors here more often. Come, Cynthia. Stop scaring our guest.”
The leopard purrs a dissatisfied growl, then morphs, shrinking as her tawny fur changes from black spots to an array of bright emerald and ruby feathers. The large feline takes to the air as a parrot, swoops around the taxidermy mounts, and then lands on the commander’s shoulder.
I gape at her, trying to calm my too-fast heart. She’s a shapeshifting beastie.
Commander Rick offers her a bit of fruit from a glazed bowl on his desk before returning his attention to me. “Let us discuss your potential promotion.”
 I nod quickly, not trusting myself to speak. Though Lady Winters kept beasts around for security, she preferred people. People she could control. Beasts she could not.
Especially beasts that could shapeshift into leopards.
“While I have heard about your endeavors from Lady Salazar and Lady Winters,” Commander Rick continues, “I would like to hear your version of events. You were training to be a programmer at the University of St. Petersburg in Russia, correct?”
That was the original plan, before I discovered I had powers. “My qualifications test showed computer technology to be my strong point, so that’s the field I majored in,” I tell him.
“Did you have any plans after that?”
I shake my head. “Just to do my best in class, prove that I was efficient, and then see what assignment I received.”
The commander takes a slow draw from the pipe and blows out a thin stream of sweet-smelling smoke. “You didn’t plan on staying in the Russian Community?”
I wriggle my fingers against my knees to keep from fiddling with my efficiency charm. “I planned on going wherever I was needed, be it Russia, North America, or Europe. Didn’t really matter to me.” I shrug, trying to relax by acting calm. “I wanted to keep my options open for the best possible assignment.”
That was all I could hope for. The Community promises we’ll have jobs that are suited to the efficiency of the society. The more flexible we are, the more likely we are to get a job we like, and the better our skills can be put to use. Granted, those with powers don’t get the same deal, but that’s largely Lady Winters’ fault.
Commander Rick looks at me skeptically. “Do you realize that you outdid my best agents in the field when you fled the Community?”
I lick my lips. At the time, I’d been trying to evade Special Forces. The techno sight agent in question had been miffed—to say the least—when I joined him later on the Legion Spore project. His stay on the project was alarmingly short-lived. Given Lady Winters’ reputation, I don’t want to know what happened to him.
“Timothy, why did you flee the Community?” The commander’s forehead knots in some mixture of concern and curiosity. I know he’s seen my thoughts, but he must want the details. He acknowledges my suspicion with a nod.
I let out a breath. “I lost my pills a week before the day I left, and when Jenna said she thought I’d fail the scan because of it, I guess… I guess I did a few things I shouldn’t have. I panicked and wanted to know what would happen to me, and Jenna had helped me get a date earlier that week, so she was able to manipulate me into helping her with her own agenda.” Heat warms my cheeks and I twiddle my thumbs. I’m embarrassed to admit that all this started with me trying to find a partner for a community service night.
Commander Rick crosses his arms over his broad chest, loosely supporting the pipe in his free hand. “Miss Nickleson used you.”
“I know that,” I say. “She wasn’t taking the pills, and she needed someone who could hack into the health network.” Considering her computer work was lacking, to put it politely, I was an obvious choice. That, and I’d done it once before. Not that I’m particularly proud of hacking into the woman’s EYEblog account to see if she liked me, but still. It gave Jenna the leverage she needed. “I hacked into the system,” I continue, “and we found the information on powers and beast transformation. We didn’t know what it meant at the time, and before we could find out, that’s when Lady Black arrived.”
Lady Black is the council’s diplomat… but she’s mostly known for using her persuasion powers to convince people to do what she wants. She’s also a shapeshifter, which she uses to her advantage. She’s known as the most attractive lady in the Community. She’s friendly. Too friendly. The rebels know her as a seductress, and the rumors I’ve heard around here have done nothing to dissuade me of that notion.
I swallow hard. I’m lucky I haven’t had to deal with her much.
The parrot flutters her wings in a whump of feathers, nearly knocking the commander’s hat off his head. He fixes it as the bird settles again. “Our agents found nothing,” he says. “Not a single trace that you’d been there, though the techno sight master was able to track your work up to that point.” He strokes his beard, and then offers the parrot another piece of fruit. She squawks triumphantly. “Still, you evaded detection, even reprogramming the taxi route so that my agents took thirty minutes longer to track you.”
I hold my breath. “Sorry, sir?”
“Do not fret. You have done marvelous work here, both with the Legion Spore’s programming and with EYEnet. But that doesn’t answer my earlier question. Why, when Jenna started acting strange, did you not let security take care of the situation?” He narrows his eyes, scrutinizing, and my shoulders hunch reflexively.
“She was my friend. And… evidence suggested there was more going on than normal. With you and Lady Black there, and all the security, and the breaches in protocol…” I pause. “The truth is, Jenna’s a good friend. A bit… mulish at times” —to which the commander snorts agreement— “but she genuinely wants to help the Community.”
“You’re loyal to her.”
“You could say that,” I say softly. “I know we’re technically enemies now, but I respect her.”
“Respect is healthy,” Commander Rick says. He turns to his bird. “Retrieve us a pot of hot water, thank you.” The bird tilts her head, then flutters over my chair in a tangle of green feathers before landing gracefully in humanoid form. Her sheer black robes flutter around her ankles as she stands upright. Despite her lengthy arms and legs and her strange, pointed ears, she has a certain beauty and presence that a lot of other beasts don’t have. I stare at her a moment, and then force myself to focus. “Understanding your friends and enemies is vital to your work,” the commander continues, “something Lady Winters did not covet. You, however, have neither been rude to superior nor peer, and your work has always been of the utmost quality.” He sets the pipe aside and leans forward, clasping his hands over his desk. He eyes me for a long moment. “I suppose the real question, then, is who you are loyal to now?”
I feel him in my mind, searching out the answer for himself. I try to relax, try to let him see whatever it is he’s trying to find. Better that he have his misgivings now than later. “I’m loyal to the Community, sir.”
Commander Rick raises an eyebrow, and it’s like the invisible hand slips away, leaving my mind in peace. I can’t suppress an involuntary shudder, though his investigation is considerably more pleasant than Lady Winters’ intrusions.
“Well put.” He straightens in the chair. The beast returns with a pot of water, and he thanks her as he takes the pot. Moments later she’s a parrot again, sitting on the wooden knob above the chair’s backrest. He smiles. “Loyal to the Community.”
I already know I’m not loyal to the rebels, and I’m pretty sure giving Jenna the tablet wasn’t particularly loyal to the Camaraderie. But, on both counts, I wanted to see the Community safe. If Commander Rick is okay with that, then I shouldn’t have any problem doing as he asks.
The commander procures two china cups from his desk, each black with a gold rim and rising sun cog imprinted on their sides. He delicately pours the steaming water. “I shall inform you tomorrow morning of the council’s decision.” He raises a cup. “Tea?”
“Thank you, Commander.” I accept the cup in my shaking hands. Hopefully I’ve impressed him.
He simply smiles and offers me a selection of tea blends.
CHAPTER FIVE
The meeting with Commander Rick seems to have gone well, and now that it’s evening, I’m with Val again. Her bedroom is much nicer than the cold cell. We’re nestled between warm comforters—silky, embroidered crimson sheets. Val runs her finger along my chest before prodding my shoulder. “You’re lucky, you know that?”
I wrap my arms around Val and pull her close. “I know.” She settles into my lap and I grin. Her perfume’s scent of lilies has faded with a shower, and a silvery gown ripples along the line of her hip.
“Tim…” Her voice is stern, but I’m savoring the moment. I can’t let go of her, not when I’m finally here. I nuzzle against her chest and slide my hand along her back—
Electricity streaks from my wrist to my shoulder. I yelp. Val crosses her arms over her nightgown, sparks crawling across her fingertips. I sigh, rubbing my wrist and my twitching fingers, and then pull myself into a sitting position. Her expression softens. She traces her fingers, no longer zappy, along the inside of my wrist. “I want to talk with you, not to you.”
I pull my legs to my chest and rest my head against my knees. “About what?”
“Everything, I guess.” She offers me a half-smile. A pointed canine juts below her lip. She had little fangs before joining the Camaraderie, but since having her abilities enhanced by the pendants, the mutation has become more prominent. Not just her teeth—her nails, too. They’re sharper, more claw-like. And she’s a lot quicker to understand my emotions, thanks to her insight power.
Val pulls my arm from my knee and leans into my lap, pulling us both onto a fluffy, luxurious pillow. I sink into it. She links her fingers through mine. Then, hesitantly, she leans over me. Her frizzy hair tickles my nose.
“Did Brainmaster show you anything from the Legion Spore?” she asks.
My insides go cold. “You want to talk about that?”
She gives an almost imperceptible nod.
“Lady Winters involved me with programming the AI into the intelligence matrix,” I say, “but not much else.”
Val lets out a soft breath. “Good.” She stares into space, her gaze falling onto a metal chair.
“Good?” I raise an eyebrow. I’d expected to be let in on how the project went, other than its success. After the commander had me check and double-check and triple-check the coding, I wasn’t even sure what I was looking at anymore. There were so many components. So many people that went into the thing.
Val dims the lights with her electricity powers, casting everything in a soft, purple glow. “I never imagined what the transformation would be like. I mean I did, but…” Her voice trails off, on the verge of cracking. I sit up. I’ve never seen her like this. Sure, when Lady Winters interrogated us, the results were less than pleasant. But those were the times when Val returned hollow-eyed or dazed, too drained to speak. I’d been in the same situation, but I’d been less resilient to Lady Winters’—Brainmaster’s—methods.
Val turns to me, her dark eyes watery.
“Community…” I whisper. This is not the upbeat, confident Val I’m used to. “What happened?”
“It was horrible, Tim. There were so many people. So many beasties. They were in so much pain. Brainmaster didn’t block all of it. I don’t think she wanted to, but I don’t think she could. The creature… I could feel it shifting and taking form—” She takes a deep breath, her voice shaky. “I felt like my insides were being filleted and quartered, then twisted up in knots. But it wasn’t me, it was them. They all felt it.” She closes her eyes. “Even Lady Black was distressed, and she was doing everything she could to hide it.”
I clasp Val’s hands in mine. Her palms are clammy and her fingers shake as if she somehow zapped herself with her electricity.
“Did it work?” I whisper. “Or did the whole thing fail?” I’d hate to think that they lost everyone involved in their attempt to create the vessel, but the disorderliness of the voices I heard earlier suggests that something went wrong.
“Everything went smoothly, except for the pain. That was awful. I’ve seen beast transformations, and they aren’t pleasant, but this… this was ten times worse. Everything was merging together, fusing metal to flesh…” She swallows hard and squeezes my hand. “I think I’m okay now, but while it was being made, I didn’t think I could stand it. I did my best afterward to seem cheerful, but—” She throws her arms around me, grabbing me so tight I can’t breathe. “I’m so glad it wasn’t you.” She bursts out crying, and I stifle my own sob. I hate seeing her like this. I try to hold her and rock her gently, but what she said leaves me in a cold, hollow ring. Lady Winters needed techno sight people like me when they ran the Health Scan three months ago. If I hadn’t left with Jenna for the rebels, and if Val hadn’t vouched for my programming skills when I left the rebels for the Camaraderie, I’d be right there, part of the Legion Spore.
I breathe slowly, my nerves on edge.
Hopefully the commander doesn’t change his mind about me.
CHAPTER SIX
At breakfast, butterflies bounce in my stomach. I can’t eat, can’t focus, and my head feels like a wad of cotton balls, though that has something to do with the injection wearing off. I faintly sense computers buzzing around me, their wires and circuits connecting with the sharp contrasts of binary code.
Val nudges my plate of ham and eggs, reminding me it’s there. She polished hers off a while ago, as if she’s already forgotten last night’s concerns about the painful creation of the Legion Spore. “When’s the last time you ate?”
“Honestly?” I stare at her. “I’m not sure.” Maybe that’s why my head feels fuzzy. I push the plate aside and go for a bowl of applesauce. Though the chunky apples are practical, they taste far more extravagant than anything the Community—or the rebels—would serve. I check the recipe in the database: cinnamon, chili powder, nutmeg.
I’d be happy with sugar.
I go for another bite before realizing I remember the intricate details of the recipe and the code I was working on before Val went to help the Camaraderie create the Legion Spore. Though I can’t remember the search variable I input into the program, I grin. My powers have returned.
“See? Told ya it’d help.” Val tickles my ribs, sending a thrill of electricity through my arm.
I gasp, fighting to grab the spoon before my hand spasms again, and then I glare at her. “I’m trying to make a good impression!”
Val smiles sweetly. “You’ll make a better impression if your stomach isn’t growling like a toughness beastie.”
“It was not!” I protest. The door slides open and Commander Rick steps in. I drop the spoon and quickly sit to attention. “Commander, sir.” I bite my lip. Hopefully he didn’t see—
He’s a telepath. Of course he saw everything. Or if he didn’t, he has now.
“At ease, Timothy, Lady Salazar.” A smile tugs his lips. I exchange glances with Val. She nudges her hand into mine under the table, her fingers crossed for luck, though she sits more proper than she did a second ago. “Master Zaytsev, I have the great pleasure of informing you that the Camaraderie of Evil would like to welcome you as our newest council member—a replacement for Lady Winters.”
The clatter of trays in the cafeteria dims to white noise as his words settle in. They’ve accepted me? I’m not going to be punished for killing her?
Val squeezes my hand so hard under the table that it must be taking everything she has not to squeal from excitement. Then again, her excitability might have been part of her charade as a double agent.
The commander raises his eyebrow at her, then turns his attention to me. “Do you wish to uphold this task? The work is honorable, but it requires a considerable amount of responsibility.”
I can’t speak. The butterflies have turned to bears, and the weight of the room crushes me. For a moment, all I can do is stare at him. “Yes,” I say quickly, afraid that I won’t. “Thank you.”
He inclines his head with approval. “Very good. Your initiation will take place two days from now. Have Lady Salazar help you prepare. Good day, m’boy.” He tips his fingers to his forehead.
The moment the door slides shut behind him, Val squishes me in a giant hug. “I’m so excited! You know—that’ll make us the first couple in the Camaraderie since Lord and Lady Black. My codename is Sparkles, and you can be… I don’t know… Short Circuit!”
I raise an eyebrow. “Short Circuit makes it sound like I’m some sort of glitch.”
She bats her eyelashes. “I say we celebrate. Once we get you ready, of course. I should probably talk to Lady Black and see what we need to do.” She squeaks, hugs me again, and then prances out the door.
I twist my light bulb charm between my fingers. Maybe Val’s excitement wasn’t a charade after all. I haven’t seen her this happy since we were at the beach in Japan, back where the rebels found the time stone with a dragon spirit for a guardian. I smile. With my new job as Head of Efficiency, I won’t have time to worry about the Coalition finding the time stones, or what Lady Winters would do to the rebels if she had survived.
The hairs on the back of my neck tickle. There’s something whispering at the back of my mind, now that my powers are functioning again. I close my eyes and drift through cyberspace. The voices are saying something… something specific.
I focus, straining to hear. They’re still saying…
Help us.
CHAPTER SEVEN
Val leans over me, trying to slick the last stubborn strand of hair into place. I should cut the unruly mess, but she insists this is more leader-like, and not that long. It’s shorter than her thumb, anyway. She stands back, observing her handiwork. “Ugh. Something’s missing.” She clucks her tongue and unzips the high neck of my uniform to my collarbone.
“Val—”
She grins, showing her fangs. “Trust me.” Before I can protest, she positions me in front of a floor-to-ceiling mirror. “Well, what do you think?” She stands on her tippy-toes and peers over my shoulder.
I blink. I’m accustomed to pastel Community clothing—loose and unparticular. At Lady Black’s suggestion, however, Val chose a matte-black uniform that hugs my lean form. I shift my posture and stand straighter. With this outfit, I might pass for a Special Forces official, and the uniform even makes the murky, blue-gray of my eyes look… different.
“That’s me?”
Val giggles and pokes my nose. “Yes.”
I flex my fingers. Is this really me? I’m not a leader. I’m a programmer. But then, my ability to program is why my uniform has an additional feature other uniforms don’t. I mentally touch the chip in the back of the uniform, then flip the switch. Waves of light trickle the length of the suit, courtesy of fiber optics. I control the shimmer, changing the miniscule lights to blue, green, and then an iridescent flare of color.
I hold out my arms to see the patterns better. “Kind of showy, but this is cool. This is very cool.”
Val punches the air in her victory. “See? I told you you’d like it. Ready for the initiation?”
I look the part, now I just have to be the part. I can do this. They’ll zap me with the pendants, enhance my powers, and give me my job assignment. Not that difficult.
“Does it hurt?” I glance at Val.
“Does what hurt?”
I wave my hand, fishing for the right words. “The pendants. Having your powers enhanced.”
She scrunches her face. “A bit. You are getting blasted with radiation.”
“Because there’s nothing that could possibly go wrong with that,” I mutter. Cancer, third degree burns, outright incineration…
“Well, I guess you could get cancer,” Val teases, her insight power stepping in for her lack of telepathy. “But seriously, don’t worry.” She presses her warm hands at the base of my neck and gently massages the kinks. She adds a few tiny pricks of electricity, and I murmur contentedly. “It only hurts for a minute,” she says, “and I think it depends on your powers. I almost ended up with a lip piercing.” She sticks out her tongue and I laugh. She hadn’t expected the fang mutation to increase. “It was more painful for Benjamin than me.”
If there’s one thing I’d heard over and over about her initiation, it was Benjamin’s complaints that Val’s powers knew instinctively who was behind the “attack.” Since he’s a spirit, her electricity power not only knocked him unconscious, it knocked him back into his artifacts—the pendants he made—which were responsible for the radiation.
A knock sounds at our door and, at my thought, the door slides open. Stuart stands dressed in his crisp, black butler suit with the rising sun cog pinned to his chest.
“My lady. Timothy.” He bows to each of us in turn. “It is time.”
“Thank you.” Val examines me once more, and then kisses me. Her soft breath warms my nose and cheeks. “I’ll see you soon,” she whispers. She readjusts the light bulb charm around my neck to sit evenly against the zipper, then squeezes my hand and follows Stuart out the door.
I take one last glance at the mirror. Time to leave my past behind. I take a deep breath. The shimmering light of my uniform cascades from my neck to my feet, and then softly fades to a faint twinkle. I leave the fiber optics chip on that setting. Efficiency isn’t complicated. It’s subtle. That’s how I’ll keep my appearance.

Compared to the rest of the sterile facility with its plain, silvery corridors, this lavish room is obviously influenced by Camaraderie leadership. The interior walls are paneled with deep mahogany. The wooden floor is covered by a large, square rug which bears the Lady of the Cog symbol: the rising sun half-cog with the naked lady silhouette perched above it. A crystal chandelier crowns the room, casting rainbows against oil paintings and onto the velvet cushions with ornate patterns that compliment the Victorian-era furniture. The odd thing about the room, which is normally used for ambassadorial meetings, is that the furniture has been pushed against the walls to leave a single, open space in the center. The oak door is locked behind us, and when I mentally check the security cameras from the outside corridor, I see a pair of agents posted at the door.
This is a private ceremony.
“Are you ready, Master Zaytsev?” Lady Black clasps her hands in front of her, smiling. She’s almost as tall as the commander, slender but strong, with long, black hair that spills over her shoulders. Despite her low-cut, navy dress of crushed velvet that enhances her curves, my eyes drift to her diamond pendant. In a moment, she’ll attach that pendant to the other four pendants, and I really, really hope this isn’t painful.
But becoming one of the four council members is probably the best thing I can do to really help the Community. I’ll be able to put my programming skills to good use, maybe even lead my own team to troubleshoot all the problem spots that currently plague the various systems.
A few minutes of pain should be like getting a shot. Unpleasant, but necessary.
I nod to Lady Black and take some reassurance from Val’s smile, but my knees are going to give out on me at any moment. I go to stand in the center of the room. “I’m ready.”
“Very well. Benjamin?” Commander Rick, formally dressed for the occasion with a uniform full of brass, motions to the spirit in the corner. Benjamin’s sharp features glow a faint blue. His crisp sleeves are rolled past his elbows, and he wears a work apron over his shirt. His pockets are filled with small tools that may or may not be apparition. He’s odd like that. Sometimes he only manifests the appearance of a craftsman, while at other times, the tools are actually present.
Most noticeable, however, are his wire frame spectacles, green eyes, and his spiky, dark red hair, their colors prominent even with the lack of color across the rest of his translucent body. He’s also got a slightly mad gleam in his eye, though my encounters with the man suggest he’s mostly sane.
Benjamin grins and soundlessly claps his hands. Wonderful! Shall I take amber or emerald? His thoughts echo in my head with the determined curiosity that his voice might have held in life, and he turns to Stuart for the pendant in question. The servant holds a small, ornate box. A few tiny jewels encrust the case, but the rounded top has peeling, yellow glue from a missing shield.
Stuart inclines his head. “My lady?”
“The emerald one,” Lady Black says simply, and Benjamin twists his lips for a fleeting second before smiling again. The pendant floats telekinetically to his translucent fingers, and I shift nervously. I wouldn’t put it past him to swap the order of the pendants. He lives—as much as a spirit can be alive—for the thrill of experimentation. While he avoided Lady Winters as much as anyone, he was quick to jump onto her Legion Spore project. I worked with him then, coding the Legion Spore and figuring out how the powers could work together in the confines of a program.
“You’ll be fine,” Val mouths when no one is looking.
Easy for her to say; she hasn’t dealt with the spirit as often as I have. But I let out a soft breath. In all reality, Benjamin isn’t likely to hurt me, not without the commander’s permission. He relies on the Camaraderie to keep his artifact secure, and to reset the pendants if he loses form—like the time when Val accidently zapped him.
Commander Rick motions for my attention. The council members organize themselves in a semicircle, the pendants between them. Stuart extends his hand, and the amber pendant hovers telekinetically above the rest. Benjamin does the same. Commander Rick glances at me, his face stern.”All right, Benjamin. Proceed.”
Benjamin pushes his spectacles onto the bridge of his nose. My lady, please produce your pendant.
Lady Black unfastens the diamond amulet from her neck and holds the chain at arm’s length. Diamond for life balance. Beginning and end.
The spirit angles his emerald pendant, for the growth of powers, below the first, and then slips the tiny hooks framing the pendant through the loops of the other.
Sparkles? Benjamin eyes Val warily, but she ignores his look as she connects the hooks and loops of her ruby pendant—energy—into the chain. The commander steps forward, attaching the sapphire pendant—creation.
My heart pounds in my throat. I clasp my hands against my side. I need to stand tall. I can’t let them know I’m scared. This might be the last room I see if the initiation goes wrong.
Stuart? Benjamin asks.
The servant fixes his pale eyes on me. “Of course.” He lowers his hand. The amber pendant, which binds the powers, effortlessly slides onto the loops of the last pendant, forming an “S.” Light gushes from the pendants. I’m hit with an illuminated force. I gasp, eyes watering. Everything’s blindingly white. I can’t see—I grab at the fringes of the rug, wrapping my fingers through the yarn. My muscles scream and my head burns. My whole body aches, like hundreds of needles pricking my skin. I crane my head away from the pendants and their burning light. Air—my chest feels like a toughness beast collapsed on top of me. How did Val stand this? Maybe I’m just pain intolerant, maybe—
The pain subsides, leaving me slumped against the rug. I take short, gasping breaths. Binary code roars through the walls, a harsh flittering of code, programming, and little connections. Everything is so loud… the EYEtoEYE tech of the Special Forces agents outside our door, the tablet from my room across the base, the signals from cell phones colliding within each other…
I stare at the floor, breathing hard, trying to keep up with everything. There’s something else. A whisper in the code. I try wrench away from it, to bring my mind back to the present, but my enhanced techno sight is locked on a central room of large capacity. I know instinctively it’s the site of a hub.
A very, very large hub.
“Tim?” Val’s hesitant voice drifts through my blinded vision, and I sort-of see her kneel beside me. I must look like a fool. I can’t even withstand alchemical radiation. Can’t—
I’ve never thought about how the pendants worked. Just that they did. I rub my eyes. Everything feels clearer, despite the noise, as if I can solve a relatively complex problem in a matter of hours, not days. At least, I could if all the whispers and the ones and zeroes and snippets of programs would settle down. But in the background, if I focus too much on the quiet, whispers permeate the walls, running along the wireless pathways throughout the building. A hub cries for attention, radiating pain. It’s a mess of code I can’t place, though it feels altogether familiar. Hairs rise on the back of my neck. I felt it before, outside the experimental sector. Judging from the location of this “hub” on the map…
Focus on my voice. Stuart’s thoughts break through the clamor and everything else quiets, like turning down the volume on a large set of speakers. I take a deep breath as the tension I didn’t realize I had dissolves and I’m finally able to concentrate. Now that your powers are enhanced, you will be more sensitive to the technology around you. If you have trouble adjusting, talk to one of us. I’ll bring back your senses one at a time, that way you can keep track of everything around you. Focus on each change, and this will help you adjust.
I bob my head, perplexed that he was able to zone everything out so quickly, but then, he is one of the stronger telepaths around here. The presence of technology around me returns, and I can pick apart the security cameras and tablets and computers with ease. Then the EYEtoEYE tech. I feel the pings of communication, and I might be able to connect into the network, but I’m not quite ready to try. Then the cell phones return, and the individual code being sent across the base, but it feels like subtle layers, not the jumbled mess that hit me right after my powers were enhanced. A soothing coolness washes over me, removing the last sensations of pain from the radiation, and then a pair of arms lift me, holding me until I steady myself. I vaguely make out the outline of Commander Rick’s beard a few centimeters in front of me.
“Are you all right, Master Zaytsev?”
I grin. I see the outline of his hand in my washed-out vision as he offers it to shake, and behind him, Val beams with her own happy radiance.
“I’ve never felt better,” I say honestly. I smile at Stuart, thankful for his mental assistance.
You may still have moments when your powers spike, he notes, but I have done what I can to make the transition smoother.
The commander’s mustache twitches into the shape of a smile. “Welcome to the Camaraderie.” He wraps my hand in his and gives it a firm shake.
I open my mouth to say thanks, and the whispers return in full force, nagging at my mind. I frown. It’s technically none of my business, but given how much work I put into the programming, I want to know. “Is the Legion Spore in section 4A of the building?”
Officially, I’m not supposed to know which room of the experimental sector houses the Legion Spore, though it’s not hard to guess, given the sheer size the room has to be in order to house the vessel.
The commander’s lips press into a firm line. “The Legion Spore can’t be traced.”
That’s what I’d thought, too. But now that my powers are enhanced… “I can feel it,” I say. The commander rubs his chin, no hint of anger. “It’s not strong, but it’s not right, either. Something didn’t align properly and the organic intelligence matrix is a mess.”
“Interesting,” Commander Rick murmurs. “Well, why don’t we have a look?” He pats my back. “I think it’s time to introduce you to the CLS Legion Spore.”
CHAPTER EIGHT
After the ceremony room is reorganized from the initiation, Val tells me I’ll do fine with the Legion Spore, and that if anyone can figure out how to work with the vessel, it’s me. I’m not so sure. I’ve hardly had a chance to acclimate to the adjustment of my powers. Though Stuart’s involvement helped, every command looping through this base and every bit of data is just a bit too loud in my head, as if one of the rebels turned up their video game’s sound too high.
As Commander Rick leads me through the facility’s gleaming corridors, the noise gets worse. I feel fear inside the walls.
But how can a computer feel fear?
Commander Rick comes to a halt in the basement of section 4A, the experimental sector, a six-story segment added to the facility for the single purpose of creating the Legion Spore. The pair of Special Forces agents who salute us don’t seem to notice my discomfort. I focus on the technology, trying to place the subtle waves of pain, and then feel the pattern Commander Rick keys into the pad by a plain metal door. A tiny bulb flashes green as he presses his thumb against the scanner. The code that defines his thumbprint pops into my mind. I could easily hack the door—not that I plan to—but I’m tempted to test the newfound strength of my power.
Commander Rick’s lips form a tight smile. “You will have your own personal code input into the system for official business, regardless of if you plan to use one.”
Heat creeps to my face. He’s a telepath. Now that I’m in a position of power, I should really learn to block my thoughts.
“Agreed.” Commander Rick readjusts his safari hat, then presses the “open” key. The thick door slides into the wall, revealing a tiny room with a single LED blinking above us. I step inside. The door slides shut.
“I must warn you, the nature of the Legion Spore is grotesque,” Commander Rick says, though I have an idea of what it will look like. He ponders for a moment, his bushy white eyebrows narrowed in concentration, and adds, “Lady Winters,” as if her involvement explains everything.
It does.
“Well, m’boy, let us proceed.” The door opens to a bright, tall room. I breathe sharply. The Legion Spore is ugly. There’s something awkward about the mess of pink tentacles dangling beneath the Legion Spore’s fleshy, bulbous body. It’s three stories of dark red mass, lumpy and half-formed, and will be another five stories tall when the thin membrane of skin marking its air sac is inflated above its strange, wormy fringe of tentacles. Purple-pink fins softly ripple above the air sac and glow under the blue light of LEDs. The creature breathes of technology. There are two hub columns within the structure, each radiating from the center of the vessel, but this construction is different from the other hubs I’ve encountered. Unlike most hubs, which are focused on communication and minimal defensive tactics, the airship has powers capable of offense. There’s a command center at the bow where the Legion Spore’s fleshy hull is split by several thick, acrylic glass windows. Multiple shapeshifters form the hull of this ship, living people whose memories were wiped and minds programmed into a single working entity. My stomach roils, and I swallow hard to keep my lunch down.
“What do you think?” the commander asks, though I’m pretty sure he can already tell.
As long as I don’t think about it, I’ll be fine. I have to be, if I want to keep my new job. I force a smile. “Impressive.”
The Legion Spore’s technology calls me, luring me to reach out and connect with it, but my gut instinct says there are enough minds in this contraption already. Fifty-some human and beast components, all connected by technology.
“Actually,” the commander says, “that’s precisely what I want you to do. While the Legion Spore is self-sufficient, there are still a few kinks which need to be resolved. Lady Winters was the original operator. However, her recent death leaves the position in need of a replacement.”
“Sir… no offense, but am I really the best qualified—”
“Yes.” His taut expression remains focused on the enormous hub. A command airship, first of its kind. “The vessel needs someone with telepathy, beast mastery, or techno sight, who can ensure the programmed functions run as desired.”
I ball my hands into fists and shove them into my pockets. My uniform spikes with light as my newly-enhanced powers overreact. “I apologize, sir. I am still thinking like… Community.”
The commander nods absently. “You have studied the interior workings of hubs, correct?”
There is no way I could have worked on the Legion Spore’s programming without doing so. “Yes.”
“Then you are aware of glitches? So-called ‘ghosts?’ ”
I bite my lip. Ghosts are residual memories from the human components in the hub. Easy enough to remove, but troublesome.
“The Legion Spore is considerably larger,” he continues. “I believe you sensed one of these glitches earlier, when you said it was in pain.” I nod, remembering the vague, silent whispers. The links in the walls. “Then you must understand why your participation here is necessary. You will have your proper introduction in the Community as the Head of Efficiency, but while those arrangements are being made, we may as well get to work.” He smiles at me. “The Community is efficient.” He turns toward the fleshy vessel. Legion Spore?
Yes, Commander?
I jump at the strained voices. The Legion Spore’s thoughts—telepathic—vaguely resembles that of a male AI, except this one is comprised of dozens of disjointed voices. They all echo at once, and they hurt. Their thoughts radiate pain, same as earlier.
The commander rests his hand on my shoulder. “Don’t worry, m’boy, the technology is perfectly safe.”
Safe… right. I’ve watched too many of the rebels’ old movies for “safe” to come to mind. “What’s wrong with the Legion Spore?” I ask, turning to the commander. “This problem should have been solved in the creation of the hubs. Why didn’t we see it before?”
The commander lowers his chin. “That’s what we need you to figure out. We need you to repair the glitches and improve its efficiency. Shouldn’t be too hard, but with something of this size, new challenges are to be expected.” He pauses. Legion Spore, prepare to teleport us aboard.
A tentacle extends from the Legion Spore’s body, floating to a halt a centimeter before us. In a sense, the vessel resembles a Portuguese man-of-war with its air sac and tentacles and being made from different organisms. I grimace. The idea of being inside a sea creature is unsettling, especially one made from people. One of the rebels’ less-than-pleasant movies comes to mind.
 The commander clears his throat. “We have never fed Community citizens their elders,” he tells me, humored.
Blasted mind-reading.
“Now, if you will—” He touches the tentacle, and I lay my hand behind his.
We’re teleported inside the vessel. The lights are dim, a warm, deep red ambience that softly radiates from the lumpy flesh of the Legion Spore’s inner hull. The air pulses with the heartbeat of several dozen components, coaxing me to relax even while my hairs stand on end, tingling with an innate sense of wrongness, like I’m oblivious to being devoured alive. 
Welcome, Master Zaytsev.
A shiver runs down my spine. The voices seem friendly enough, for a computer, but I’m not used to the welcome. Even hubs, which are intelligent, have no inflection or emotion to their voice. This one does. But the voices resemble someone repeatedly poking the back of my head with a sharp stick.
“Thanks,” I say uncomfortably.
You are welcome, Master Zaytsev. You are to be our primary programmer, correct?
“Close enough.” I glance at the commander. “Should I try establishing a connection?”
“In a moment.” Commander Rick strides down a small hall. He beckons with his hand over his shoulder. “Let me show you around.” He leads me through the corridor, which is covered in a dark, flesh-like substance. If I reach out with both arms, my fingertips almost touch each side—not that I want to. At the front of the vessel is a command center. A single, ivory chair with blood-red, velvet cushions has been situated in front of a rounded desktop. Carvings of abstract patterns run along the ivory—obviously an addition from Lady Winters, given the fleshy appearance of everything else. The majority of the desk’s surface is musculature provided by shapeshifters, save for the plastic keyboard at the center. Two computer monitors are inset on either side, but the front opens to several clear, angular windows. Having seen the outside, I know they’re one-way. I can see out, but others can’t see in.
Commander Rick lays a hand on my shoulder. “You may link directly with techno sight, or the Legion Spore can create a telepathic link. Either way, you will command the vessel mentally. Go ahead.”
A knot forms in my throat. I close my eyes to focus. The technology shimmers, fingers-length out of reach. Each stream represents another command, another program, and I visualize them in my mind. A tickle of pleasure races through me. There they are… codes just waiting for activation. My fingers itch, but the shifting numbers are more important. That one—the one mingled with various side notes—I recognize the programming. I float into the stream. Bits of code and electronic circuits circle around me.
Communication. I tap the program and I’m flooded with calm nothingness. No emotion. We see everything and nothing. Contradictions. A steel prison surrounds us, cramped compared to the open air we anticipate will be outside. Lights tingle with electricity, useful if we are attacked. All systems operational, but something doesn’t function properly. Our shapeshifting—something is not aligned. Painful. So much pain…
I gasp, physically tugged back into the real world of the odorous vessel. I take one shallow breath, and then another, my heart pounding.
“Are you all right?” Commander Rick blocks the outside view behind his massive shoulders. I’m shaking. My skin is clammy. I’ve got to regain my composure. I can’t look weak. I can’t… I lick my lips, then realize I’m clutching the efficiency charm in my hand. The smooth emerald pendant brushes under my palm. I release the charm and glance at the commander’s eyes. His face is wrinkled with concern, but there’s also scrutiny.
“The connection will take some getting used to,” he says, voice stiff. “Try again.”
I don’t want to. I’m not strong enough.
For a short moment, I was the Legion Spore.
CHAPTER NINE
Disobeying the commander’s orders to try again isn’t an option if I want to prove I’m worthy of my newfound title. But connecting with the vessel and not losing myself—
“Yes, sir,” I say quickly. This time I prepare a block between me and the communication algorithm. A sort of impromptu firewall, constructed from the Legion Spore’s programming. I inch toward the code, piecing together the individual bits of information. First, the pain. I don’t mean to delve there, but the pain is prominent. It’s strong enough to destabilize the hull, and I’m certain this is the source of the whispering I felt earlier. I’ll have to check that before I’m done. Second comes sight… a hazy focus on the blurry figures standing in the control center, the outside room with its bright blue light, the inner divisions of the vessel…
Each room crams into my thoughts. Everything is skewed, two dimensional. I blink, and accidentally kick myself out of the program. But now tiny little eyes stare back, each golden and feline in nature. The Legion Spore uses its shapeshifting to form eyes where necessary, and I’m not suited to seeing a dozen rooms at once.
“You’re improving,” Commander Rick says. There is a hint of encouragement in his voice. My insides flutter with pride. I’m starting to get the hang of this. I dip into the visual mechanics of the vessel and divide the rooms into different sections, forcing them to let me see each one individually… at least in theory. The eyes appear and disappear as I consider each room, but with practice, I should be able to keep unwanted rooms at the back of my mind while relying on the Legion Spore to alert me to any unusual activity.
After dividing the rooms, I sink into the command center’s visual code and set two eyes apart from each other, resulting in an unnerving, unbalanced sense of depth. The commander, who currently looks like his feet are disproportionately small compared to his head, looks toward the eye-cameras. His mouth moves, soundless. Several minutes later, I have an idea of sound worked out, and to my misfortune, taste. The tentacles have a distinct sense of the bitter, tangy floor of the hangar.
I avoid delving into touch. Pain twists through the program at various intervals, seeded in spots that mostly focus on physical sensations.
“Congratulations,” Commander Rick says. “You already seem to have quite the grasp on your powers.”
I open my eyes. My head reels at the sudden switch in perspective. I’m so much smaller than everything around me. I reach to the arm of the chair to steady myself and my hand touches slimy armature. I gag—one of the Legion Spore’s tentacles is supporting me from falling.
Careful, Master Zaytsev. You are the first human to successfully connect to our sensory data.
I numbly pat away the tentacle, which retracts to the pulpy floor. This is going to take a lot of getting used to.
The commander beckons. “Come. Now that you may properly connect with the vessel, you should see the rest of the ship.” He leads me past two large, tendon-and-wire columns at the center of the Legion Spore. The skin of the hull pulses with the subtle rise and fall of breathing.
He pauses at the columns. Legion Spore, reveal the bare hub.
The muscles part from one of the columns, revealing the upper half of one cage and the bottom half of another. Stacked four high and almost two meters tall, each steel cage is open in the front where the flesh previously concealed the hub. Some cages have metal chairs, others do not. In each, however, is a naked human or beast, sitting with wires protruding from their heads. None of them move. They breathe softly, as if in some cold, strained sleep.
I catch my breath. Community… what have I gotten myself into? I knew this is how the Legion Spore was created—all hubs are tied together by connecting human and beast with tech—but this one gets under my skin.
I squirm. I narrowly missed this fate.
Thank you, Commander Rick sends. Close the hub.
The flaps mesh together, leaving no sign that the column was ever open. Commander Rick flips his hand toward a protruding stand of muscle and flesh just beyond the hub, one with a touch screen at the top. As I approach, the access terminal adjusts to my height, squelching as it lowers. I tap the screen. Windows flash by, and I’m not sure whether it’s responding by touch or by thought, like one of the rebels’ video games I used to play simply by using my powers. The window flashes to rebels facing off a fire beast in a game of Beastie Wars, and I quickly erase the image from the screen.
How… That shouldn’t even be installed! I sneak a furtive glance at the commander, but he’s opening an organic door across from the console. I hurry to follow him beside the peeled-back doorway, and flinch when I find a small shower made entirely of flesh.
“You’ll like this; it is highly efficient,” he notes. “During battle, the resources used to form the showerhead can be diverted elsewhere.” He points to a slender tube, which looks vaguely like an elephant trunk high above the thin membrane that serves as the drain. The membrane doesn’t look particularly steady, as if someone standing on it might fall through and be swallowed whole by the ship.
Goosebumps rise on my arms, despite the prevailing heat.
“The Legion Spore follows the concept of human and animal organs to carry water and food throughout the vessel,” Commander Rick continues. “Legion Spore—teleport us to the storage room.”
The change is instant. We now stand beside two large tanks that look like internal organs. I wipe sweat from my forehead. The fleshy ceiling above us roils, twisting and reforming like magma.
I squint. The pain in the nearby coding comes from here. “What’s above us?” I ask, though I instinctively receive the answer from the Legion Spore’s database. It’s like having a direct connection to EYEnet’s search function.
“Hot air,” Commander Rick says at the same time.
Explains the pain. These water and nutrient tanks are right below the air sac, which is the main purpose for the inclusion of fire beasties in the hub. Their powers heat the air to make the Legion Spore rise, and it uses fins to direct itself. Considering the heat being applied—and this is just enough to keep the air sac partially inflated—this room and the shapeshifters around us will take a considerable toll during normal flight.
My chest constricts. The only way the shapeshifters live is from constant healing by the life-spirit elementals in the hub. I’ll have to divert the pain the first chance I get.
I fan my face with my hand, cooling myself until we descend a ladder to the bottom floor of this monster. The commander shows me the bathroom—which isn’t much different in design from the shower. The bedroom, as well, is a tight fit, with a single twin bed and a small kitchenette. Thankfully, the furniture isn’t comprised of shapeshifters. I lean against the bed, testing its resistance, then sit on a firm mattress with a pair of light cotton sheets. The refrigerator is metal, but when I open it, I don’t sense any technology. Instead, it’s kept cold by ice elementals. The oven and stove are managed by fire elementals, same as the air sac. I glance into the Legion Spore’s database. The oven doubles as a microwave—a radiation beast can deal with the popcorn.
Commander Rick thumps his knuckles against the fridge. “Useful, but I wouldn’t suggest cooking food while the Legion Spore is rising. Its powers will be needed elsewhere.”
 “I’ll keep that in mind.” I glance at the bed again. This is a ship meant for one person, maybe two. Missions usually last at least a couple days. Once the field testing starts, I’ll be alone. How long will removing the glitches take? I’ve barely had a chance to speak with Val since the ceremony.
Commander Rick places his hand on my shoulder, tipping back his hat so his brown eyes are visible. “Don’t worry, Master Zaytsev. You will have plenty of time with Lady Salazar. Besides, she has her own tour of the Community to complete with Lady Black.” He smiles, causing his white mustache to twitch.
My heart sinks. “Of course.” I had hoped we would spend more time together now that I’ve joined, not less. I pause. There’s still something off about this place. Unfinished. I dig into the code, checking to see that all the essential programs have been activated.
Interior design… non-operational. What happens if I turn that on—
I drop, my insides on fire. They’re being rearranged—ribs shortened and scrambled. Heart. Lungs… everything mismatched. Squelching. I scream, frantic, and curl into a fetal ball, my head tucked under my hands.
As quick as the ordeal began, it ends, leaving me a shuddering mess.
“Very nice, Master Zaytsev, though a bit of warning next time would be appreciated.”
I open my eyes and uncurl my body.
Gone are the fleshy muscle walls. The room is covered in thin, leathery skin of a brownish hue. The kitchen counters are overlaid with smooth, white ivory. The bare metal walkway is no longer visible; the floor is covered with cream-colored bone, something like a horn plate. The doorway is arched with white, ribbed bone, and the ambient light has taken on a harsh, golden hue.
This is much more like what I expected from Lady Winters. A quick scan of the Legion Spore’s systems shows that the whole ship is now like this. There are other programs, too, but after I read the description of “butler” to mean the Legion Spore will prepare its pilot/operator food in the kitchen via telekinesis and tentacles, I decide not to run the program. I’ll see about bringing on a few frozen burritos instead.
“See what you can accomplish in regards to the pain,” Commander Rick says, still examining the ribbed archway. “Afterwards, come to the ambassadorial chambers. We shall celebrate the induction of our newest member.” He pats my shoulder and vanishes.
He must have given the Legion Spore a telepathic command.
Exhausted, I climb back up the ladder and plop into the command chair, which now matches the rest of the interior design, including an ivory desk with embedded monitors. I stare out the angled window at the sterile hangar. “All right, Legion Spore, let’s see what we can do.”
Help us, the voices whisper.
I take a deep breath. I’ve got my work cut out for me.
CHAPTER TEN
“More wine?”
I shake my head. I’m on my third glass of the pungent drink, and I’m pretty sure it’s not supposed to have such a distinct effect on my powers. It’s like someone smudged the details of the technology around me with an eraser. Thankfully, the servant offering the drinks disappears out the ornate, oak door, and Stuart discretely fills a water glass. Ice clinks against the tall crystal.
He taps my shoulder, lowers his head, and then whispers into my ear, “I could get you tea, if you like.” A pitcher of iced tea floats from a tray at his side.
I smile. “Thanks.”
Stuart is practiced in reading surface thoughts to know exactly what someone wants before they even know they want it. That’s the great thing about him. Whoever had the idea for telepathic butlers was a genius.
He pours the tea and removes the wine from a table with real silverware atop a doily tablecloth. Tall red candles drip wax into polished silver bowls. A flower arrangement runs along the table, a mixture of white baby’s breath, blood red carnations, and thick, deep green fern. The walls host paintings of the Camaraderie founders. The one of Lord Black and his wife, Lady Patricia Black, intrigues me the most. They look younger than the photographs from the Community. Both wear their signature pendants, but they stand before a steam-driven cart. I’ve asked Val about this painting, but she didn’t know its origins.
I wonder if this facility’s database has information. I reach into the local files, but all I find is that Patricia commissioned the painting for her husband at the birth of their child, Seth.
I turn my attention back to the dinner guests. Commander Rick wears a black tailcoat. Lady Emily Black, the granddaughter of Lord and Lady Black, has changed from a skintight outfit to a flowing, deep blue dress. Val quietly sips her wine while listening to a mostly-private conversation between the commander and the lady. She wears a long, silky white gown that opens considerably in the front, revealing her ruby pendant against her bronze skin. She flashes a smile at me. Her fangs gleam in the candlelight, and my heart thumps so loudly I’m afraid everyone else can hear it. Val is as beautiful as always.
As for me, I’m worn out. I didn’t even bother changing my outfit. I finished work on the Legion Spore after diverting most of its sensory pain into an attack program. The vessel should now recognize problems as they arise, and any enemy trying to telepathically or technologically connect will find themselves in a severe amount of pain.
I just hope I never get on its bad side.
Commander Rick raises his glass of red wine. “To Master Zaytsev, the new Head of Efficiency.” Lady Black and Val follow his lead, and warmth flushes my cheeks. “With two new leaders in our midst, arrangements for a formal ball are in order. We shall host the event in a few days’ time, and this will give you both a chance to meet the leaders of the world. Cheers.”
I sit straighter, prouder, and raise my glass to the toast.
“Cheers.”


Val grabs my neck. The tips of her nails prick my skin as she pulls me down for another kiss. I collapse on top of her, laughing, and tease her with the covers. This time we’re in my room. My amazing new room with silky sheets and upgraded computers. Thanks to my control of technology, I’ve got the lighting exactly where I want it—just low enough to cast soft, fuzzy shadows without putting us to sleep.
Val lunges for me, her fingers crackling with electricity.
I shriek and tumble off the bed, and then immediately regret my mistake. I land on the hardwood floor, not the rug, and Val grins mischievously.
I gulp.
She cocks her head and puts one hand on her bare hip. The brief distraction serves her well—electricity arcs from her fingers and hits my foot. The air pops. I yelp and leap from the floor, smash my thigh against the side of the bed, and then collapse in a heap on the mussed sheets. Val winces, then traces my throbbing muscle lightly with the tips of her fingers. “You all right?”
“Yeah.” I rub my side, but my pride’s been wounded more than anything else.
She waggles her finger in front of my nose. “How do you feel?”
I glare at her. “Sore.”
Her smile widens. “Were we that wild?”
Warmth creeps through my face. Is it really possible that she loves me? I mean, if she only wanted to use me, she could’ve handed me to Lady Winters after we snuck away from the rebels. I’d been rash. I’d put all my trust in someone who recently joined the team. The night I found out she was a double agent, I’d awakened to an empty bed.
Val had been leaning in the door of the bathroom, wearing a silver outfit that hugged her hips and dropped in a low “V” across her shoulders. She flipped something between her fingers, some kind of transmitter.
“Val?” I’d asked, sitting upright. I couldn’t follow the transmitter to its source—the distance was too great—but the signature was clear—Camaraderie.
She sat beside me. “Tim, I’m not who you think I am.”
“You’re a spy,” I whispered.
A lock of frizzy hair fell across her eyes. “Yes.”
“Then…” My voice choked in my throat. I was supposed to be smart, not fall for someone so quickly. “You don’t really love me.”
She turned her head abruptly. Her lips parted, as if to say something, and she swallowed hard. “That’s not it. I do love you—or like you, anyway. You’re different.” Her shoulders slouched, showing her collarbone through the silvery fabric.
My fingers twined through the covers. She was beautiful, funny, and she knew more about the world than I ever would. I was just the guy from the Community. Ignorant, and more than my fair share of girl crazy.
I’d been too easy to con. She had the transmitter and the Camaraderie knew exactly where we were.
“You can guess why I’m here, can’t you?” she asked.
I glanced at the desk and the open briefcase she had never let me see inside. An antique emerald pendant sat atop a discarded black skirt and veil. “You were sent to retrieve Lady Winters’ pendant,” I say, numb. Jenna stole the pendant when she found Lady Winters torturing one of our team members. She wounded the telepath, stole the necklace, and ran, no idea of its true value. All she knew was that each of the four international leaders wore one. The rebels knew the Camaraderie would come looking, but I should have realized Val was part of a larger plan.
“Whoever brings the pendant back has a chance of replacing Great White,” Val explained. Great White—Master Matoska—had recently died, leaving an opening in the Camaraderie’s main council. “It’s a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. I can’t turn it down. It’ll mean so much to my family. They’ll have a better house, a secure life. The territories aren’t like the Community. I meant it when I said the Community wouldn’t be so bad. No beasties, no fear…”
“Then why aren’t you gone?” I asked. Val had dressed without my noticing, prepared the tracker, and stolen the pendant. With her enhanced insight, she probably even knew how to pilot the flying car.
Val licked her lips and glanced at me with her beautiful, deep brown eyes. My heart fluttered, despite my guilt. “I wanted to ask—” She took a deep breath. “I wanted to ask if you’d come with me. Only if you want to, of course. But once the other mercenaries find this ship, I don’t know how lenient they’ll be.” She lowered her chin, rotating the small transmitter between her fingers.
My chest constricted. The rebels wanted to destroy the Community. I didn’t. But I didn’t want to abandon them. There were too few of them to be a real threat, and they were my friends.
“I could stop you,” I said, jutting my chest in the cold air.
Val gave me a look that said she didn’t believe me. Tiny arcs of electricity crackled between her pinky and thumb, enforcing her point. Even if I locked out the car and shut down the transmitter, that tiny little ping had already alerted the Camaraderie to our location. If I stopped her, Val wouldn’t get the position she wanted.
But if I helped her…
Maybe the Camaraderie would forgive me. I wrung the sheets between my hands. If I proved I could be useful, maybe I could improve their tech systems and make the Community better. That’s all I ever really wanted. Joining the rebellion… that was just an unplanned detour. The Community was all that mattered, and the worst the Camaraderie could do was turn me into a beast.
According to Val, beasties don’t have memories.
I pushed myself from the bed and scoured the floor for my clothes. A trail of grime streaked across the floor and under the bed. I paused. Why—
“We had an eavesdropper,” Val explained as she stood. I gave her a puzzled look, and she shrugged. “Guess who?”
“Jenna.” Made sense; Jenna never trusted Val.
I should have believed her. I would have still loved Val, but maybe… maybe I wouldn’t have let her get so close. Maybe I would have realized why she was there.
But who am I kidding?
I love her. I could never have stood in her way.
“Get your things,” Val said, “and meet me in your room.”
I left Val as she hastily scribbled a note. Once at my room, I grabbed my tablet and what little belongings I had from my quarters. I tugged at the efficiency charm hanging from my neck and gave everything a silent once-over. The bed was made. Door was shut. With luck, I’d still be human in the morning.
“Tim?” 
I blink, brought back to the present.
Val strokes my arm and I try to smile, but the excitement of the moment has dimmed.
“What’s wrong?” she asks.
Her insight power is coming out to play. I lean against the pillows. They cushion me in their fluffy embrace as Val wraps her arms around my shoulders.
“Is it the Legion Spore?”
“Sort of.” I twist the chain of my efficiency charm around my fingers. It’s the only thing I’m wearing at the moment. I didn’t want the pendant. Just me and Val. I crane my head over the pillow. “Do you love me?”
I think she does. Why else would she stand up for me when she first brought me to the Camaraderie?
Val wraps her fingers around my jawbone, pulling me in for a peck on the cheek. “Of course.”
“Why me?”
Val’s nose wrinkles as if she’s not sure what to say. I don’t blame her. She’s the one with the cool powers. The one who knew what she was doing while I was still trying to find my place among the rebels. There’s nothing particularly special about me, though now that I’ve got the pendant—
“Tim…” She holds my jaw tight, forcing me to look at her. Nails—I’m reminded again that her nails are almost claws. “You’re intelligent and kind. And you care. I feel that you care for me, and I see how much you care about making the Community better—how much better you’ve made it already.” She strokes her hand through my short hair, her own dark frizzes framing her face in soft waves.
I start to smile and she gasps, bounding off the bed in a single leap. I grasp the edge of the mattress to keep from falling off. “Val?”
“I almost forgot—” She fumbles through her dress—which is halfway across the room—and removes a small paper package from a hidden pocket. “Here,” she says. “This is for you.”
I take it and pull apart the twine. Crackly brown paper falls away. I catch my breath. Inside is a small, heart-shaped locket engraved with intricate designs. I hook my fingernail under the latch and pry it open. Inside is a small photo of us laughing when we were at the beach in Japan. I’d taken the picture with my tablet while we built sand castles together for the first time. Took forever to clean the sand out afterward.
I grin and grab Val in a tight embrace. “Thank you,” I whisper. “I love you.” I slip the locket onto my necklace chain. It’ll go right next to the light bulb charm as a part of me. Part of who I am. I’ll take it with me tomorrow to remind me of Val during my first training session with the Legion Spore in India.
CHAPTER ELEVEN
A pleasant breeze flitters through the thick jungle leaves overhead, staving off the heat of the day. Birds cheep, their brown and white wings flashing against the sun as they flock from one tree to another. Last time I was in India, I only had the vantage point from the rebels’ flying car as we flew through Oriental Alliance territory. There had been a battle below us. Pointy-eared beasts racing across decimated fields, launching themselves at towering, man-driven machines. Large carriers and bi-pedal mechs with missiles and powers. But the Camaraderie defeated the OA troops in this section. The only things that remain are beasties.
I walk through the outer perimeter of the campsite I’m supposed to visit. A barbed wire fence has been erected across a dense patch of jungle, meant to keep out intruders—both the Oriental Alliance and various animals that might see beasties as a tasty snack. Tall cages line both sides of the path. Various beasts pace at the leafy edges, their feline eyes watching me intently.
Don’t worry, m’boy. Stand firm and proud. Remember, you are a leader now. The beastmasters will respect you for that. Commander Rick’s words reverberate in my mind, but they don’t calm my nerves. Sweat trickles down my back. My uniform’s fabric itches and clings to my armpits. At least the electrical circuits are insulated.
I clench my hands at my side to keep from stashing them in my pockets. Commander Rick wants me to get a feel for the military units that will be dealing with the Legion Spore, that way I know how to make the Legion Spore more efficient.
That means it’s my first time as a Camaraderie leader dealing with people who aren’t Special Forces and aren’t the council members.
Chin high. Chest out.
“Master Zaytsev?”
I jump at the voice behind me, stare at the officer blankly, and then nod. “That’s me.”
He’s not much older than I am. Maybe twenty-three or twenty-four, but closer in age to Val than me. He clasps his hands behind his back, gives me a detesting once-over, and then glowers at the emerald pendant on my chest. “I presume you are here to evaluate the efficiency of this troop?”
Close enough. Technically, the commander and I are here to see how well the Legion Spore gives beasts commands during combat, but first he wants me to take a look around and see how things work.
Then we’ll introduce the Legion Spore.
I smile and extend my hand. “Yes. Where would you like to begin?”
The officer eyes my hand suspiciously. After a moment, he takes it, does one firm squeeze of his fist, and then briskly walks onward. “This way.”
My hopes of impressing him sink. He leads me past three other workers, two beastmasters and a medic, all of whom are dressed in pale green attire. Even near the jungle trees, they stand out. These people need a darker green uniform, mottled, like what the OA soldiers use. Otherwise they’ll make easy targets for the mechs. I make a mental note on my tablet as I follow.
A corrugated metal shelter appears to be their workstation. Several fans hum, whirring on the highest setting to keep the sun-warmed room from getting too hot. Inside is a mess of plastic tables hastily set up with a compilation of laptops and screens among various other wartime devices. The tech jumbles in my mind, streams of data colliding as it tries to make its way to its respective device. This is a programming accident waiting to happen. I pause, expecting the officer will wait. Without organization, the beastmasters could easily confuse which army they’re giving orders to, but I can fix the problem in a few minutes.
I open my mind to the soft chime of circuits. I sort out the code, piece by piece, until the streams flow freely. The wires still feel like a sloppy mess, but without going wireless, they aren’t going to have much success fixing the problem. At least they thought to label everything. In the Camaraderie’s main facilities, this mess would be unforgivable. But out here, where they might have to pack quickly and move again, they haven’t bothered. I frown. Perhaps they could smooth out the process. I make another note to arrange for them to receive one of the improved wireless systems.
The officer taps his foot, impatient. But I’m a higher rank. He has to know that.
Problem is, he has more experience.
“Your computers should work faster now,” I say. “Should be better for you if you need to make quick decisions.”
He leans over the workstation, blinks, and then checks the processor again. A genuine smile grows on his face. “Impressive. We’ve had techno sight workers in and out for months, and they haven’t done half the work you did in five minutes.”
A weight lifts from my chest. I did something right. “Glad I could help.”
He chuckles. “Can’t say I mind having a decent Head of Efficiency.”
Pride flows through me. This is something I can do, something Lady Winters couldn’t beat.
The officer leads me through the opposite door into a wide, open enclosure. “This is where we keep the beasts,” he explains.
Each section of the enclosure is based on the beasts’ powers and sex. Nearest are a cluster of gangly ice beasties. Ice spreads along the trees, dripping off leaves and keeping them cool. Farthest out are the fire beasts… tall and imposing, with burnt skin where fire crackles at their fingertips. Their enclosure is burnt in patches, and the fence is warped where they evidently attacked a monkey that now lies roasted just outside the enclosure.
“There are three kinds of beasts,” the officer explains. “Fair, lithe, and grand.”
“Right,” I say quickly. This I know. Fair beasts look the most human. The ice and fire beasties are fair. The lithe beasts are more slender and graceful. They move quickly when attacking. “Agile” beasts are the main ones I’ve seen like this, and beasts with claws and fangs. Grand beasts are the opposite. Larger and more heavily muscled than humans, their powers primarily include toughness and strength. “How do you use them against the OA?” I ask. Beasts are relatively ineffective against mechs, which are much larger and often come with missiles.
“We have two tactics,” the officer says. “The beasts with more experience stay hidden in the woods, and act without being seen. The novice beasts act as a distraction. It’s a loss, but we protect the better trained assets. Take the plant beasts, for example.” He stops in front of an enclosure and points to the slender creatures inside.
One of the beasties turns, her golden eyes burrowing past me. She stands on her hind legs, her skin a faint, pale green. Mossy clumps hang from her prominent skull and drape around her body. She turns, willowy. Grass weaves around her feet, creeping to her knees and thighs. Then she dashes away, the grass forgotten in lieu of trees.
Blood rushes from my cheeks, though I hope I’ve kept my expression blank.
Jenna is a plant elemental. If the Camaraderie ever catches her and she refuses to work for them, this could be her fate.
But that would be a waste of a resource. They’re more likely to use her as ransom against the Coalition. Her grandfather is the leader for that particular group of rebels, and he’s evaded capture since before I was born.
I let out my breath. I don’t think they’ll turn her into a beast.
“Plant beasts are one of our more effective tools against mechs,” the officer continues, oblivious to my thoughts. “We hide them in the jungle, where they can ambush OA forces. Mechs can’t move when they’re being restrained by vines. In other cases, our lithe beasts provide a distraction while electric beasts fry the mech’s computer systems.” He points to an acrylic glass enclosure where several beasties lounge under the thick shade of trees.
I slip my hands into my pockets. At least Val won’t have to worry about that outcome. Her position in the Camaraderie definitely makes her too valuable. “Why don’t we continue?” I suggest. There’s an unconvincing lump in my throat. “I’m short on time.” The officer moves ahead, and I’m thankful he can’t know how inexplicably cold I feel, shivering despite the burning sun above us. He continues explaining the different beasts and tactics, but as we get to the edge of the enclosure, I pause.
She’s beautiful, like an elf from one of the rebels’ comic books.
I hook my fingers through the chain-link fence. She turns, her black hair flowing against the soft breeze. There’s just the hint of blush in her cheeks. Her hips sway as she moves, the transparent, gossamer dress revealing the smooth curves of her lithe form. She cocks her head and presses herself against the fence, her breath purring through white, pearly fangs. I reach my hand through the metal loops and brush her hair behind her pointed ears. “Hello,” I whisper. She links her clawed fingers over mine and runs her tongue along my hand. A shiver of pleasure crawls through my spine. If I could be inside the cage with her…
“Chiharu, stop that at once!”
The beastie flees and I stumble from the fence. Several meters away, she pouts. I blink. What in the Community happened? My hand is slobbery. I wipe my fingers against the side of my pants.
“Sorry about that, sir.” The officer’s face goes bright red, though he fails to hide his grin. “It won’t happen again.”
I twist the efficiency charm between my fingers and cast a furtive look to the amused creature. “What… what kind of beast is she?”
“Persuasion.” The officer glances toward the beastie, but she’s turned her attention to an attractive male in the cage across from her. “We use them as bait for the foot soldiers the OA sends against us.”
My chest burns with embarrassment. Lady Black is known for keeping the company of such beasts. So do other leaders who don’t want to worry about offspring.
“I see. Let’s continue, shall we?”
“Of course.” He chuckles as he murmurs “amateur” under his breath, and then moves on to the next set of creatures. 
When we finally return to the makeshift command station, I sit in a metal chair and stare at the lazy ceiling fan. My forehead throbs. I need some sort of mental defense against beasts like Chiharu, or any persuasion power. Otherwise I’m a liability to the entire Camaraderie—and to Val.
The officer offers me a glass of water. “Are you all right?”
I take it, gladly sipping the refreshing drink through chunks of ice. “I’m fine. I’m thinking of how we can improve this station.”
The officer’s eyes widen, and he takes a seat beside me. “Thank you, sir.”
I lick my lips. “Didn’t Lady Winters do anything to help?”
“She was interested in the beasts, of course, but she didn’t do much to improve our work. Forgive me, sir, I don’t mean to demean her processes, but—”
I hold up my hand, wishing I had something for the headache. Maybe I’m not as okay as I thought. “Don’t worry. I understand.” I pause. “Is your medic available?”
He removes a radio from his belt and pages the healer. She appears beside me in a moment’s blink. Before I have a chance to tell her what’s wrong, the headache is gone.
“Better?” she asks.
I open my mouth to speak, then stop. That was fast. “Much.” I scoot the chair around to face her, and grimace as the metal legs grate against the rough concrete. “Do you heal beasts in battle?”
“Experienced ones, yes. Unfortunately, the beasts we send in for distraction, the ones who take the most damage, are usually too far gone by the time the mechs are finished with them.”
“What if we could suspend their lives temporarily? Or heal them as they go down?” I ask.
The corners of her lips turn to a frown. “If we were a larger battalion, I’m sure that would help, but we don’t have the manpower.”
I reach into the database, plucking information from their recent attacks and strategies, and details about the armies who might eventually make their way here. This is one of several infantries. Overall, the beasts have been an effective nuisance, slowly picking off the bigger mechs like a leech weakening its host. But this infantry won’t be able to take out mechs by themselves. If I could get them another beastmaster, one who could train the novice beasts to be deadly and take down mechs, they could focus on ambush rather than direct assault.
I note the important things on my tablet, including the research I’ll need to back it, and send my notes to the waiting Legion Spore. Commander Rick can read them later.
By the time I’ve returned to reality from my use of techno sight, the healer sits with a glass of water in hand, softly chatting with the officer. I sit up and they both snap to attention. “Thank you for your time.” I smile and stand. “I think I have what information I need, and I will present it to the commander for his analysis.”
The healer’s jaw drops, though she quickly snaps it shut and bows her head. A strand of black hair falls across her tan face. “Thank you, Master Zaytsev.”
The officer enthusiastically shakes my hand. “We appreciate it. May your endeavors be efficient.”
I leave the enclosures behind and head to the outer fence. The computers’ rush of code fades behind me, letting something smaller pass through my senses. My skin crawls. The translated code isn’t English. I link it to the translator on my tablet, and it comes back as Japanese.
The Oriental Alliance is nearby.
CHAPTER TWELVE
My heart thumps loudly as I lock out the OA scout’s tablet and reach to the Legion Spore through techno sight.
Yes, Master Zaytsev?
I relay the coordinates and connect to its eyes. We focus on a small cluster of trees. A woman with the OA’s red dragonfly symbol on her shoulder stares at the sky. Her face is pale with fright. She’s seen us. We suspend her life, forcing her body into an unconscious, perpetual sleep. Her body goes slack.
Bring her on board for questioning, Commander Rick orders.
Yes, Commander.
We form a portal underneath the woman and drop her onto a metal walkway within our hull. Tentacles grow from the floor to bind her arms and legs. Even if she could wake, she cannot escape. Now that the scout is harmless, we follow her transmitter’s intended stream of data until we’ve erased everything she might have sent. No one must know we exist. But the source reveals maps, locations, and rosters. We download information we aren’t meant to have. It is ours. The scout could join us, as well. She has powers: speed, beast mastery, and increased perception. We could include her into our consciousness. If not that, nutrition. Our food tanks will empty if we do not hunt. We could teleport her to our tentacles and she wouldn’t feel anything in her comatose state. Her flesh would dissolve into proteins and nucleotides. She would—
Master Zaytsev. Commander Rick’s voice is firm.
I gag, hunching in the grass outside the fence, then vomit. Blades of grass prick my hands. My head spins, and I feel like he’s pried open my mind like a clam shell in order to free me from the Legion Spore. I sever my connection and thank the Community that the airship only teleported the scout inside and didn’t actually eat her. The Legion Spore left an all too vivid image of how it devours its prey.
For a moment, the idea of eating the scout actually seemed appealing.
I wipe my mouth on my sleeve, completely aware of how pathetic I must look, lying in the grass like this. The medic kneels beside me and calms my churning stomach with her life-spirit powers. “Take it easy,” she whispers. I bury my face between my knees and groan. I feel better, but the repulsive image remains. “What happened?”
My lips pucker. How much should I tell her? They aren’t even aware of the Legion Spore yet. “I sensed spy technology. I shut it down, but the rest is classified.”
“Understood.” She helps me to my feet, allowing me time to brush off leaves and pollen from my behind. “Can I get you anything?”
I shake my head and steady myself against her. “No, thank you. But I need to contact the commander. Can I use your radio?” The device is in my hands before I realize she has it out. I thank her and turn the knobs, finding the established connection without using techno sight. I’m not ready to reach out again until I have a nice mental block in place against the Legion Spore. I don’t like being it.
“This is Tim—Master Zaytsev. Commander?”
The radio crackles. “I read you.”
“Requesting a portal to these coordinates.” Hesitantly, I send our coordinates over the radio, careful to keep my power in check. No need to sense the Legion Spore accidently. Like Stuart said, right now my powers are still overly sensitive.
A portal forms in front of me. The healer retreats. I take a deep breath, and then step into the swirling violet mass. In seconds, I’m in the Legion Spore’s command room with Commander Rick standing before me. He crosses his arms. “What happened?” he demands. His white eyebrows furrow across his wrinkles. “Why didn’t you use your powers?”
I clutch my tablet in my hands. The vessel is too warm. The whispers of the Legion Spore flit at the edge of my consciousness. I can barely breathe. But I look outside the window… I’ve never been so glad to see outside the window of a flying ship before. Broad leaves rustle in a wind I wish I could feel, and a monkey swings into view from the trees.
“Timothy?”
I flinch as he emphasizes my name, not even the respectful title. “I linked with the Legion Spore so I could remove the threat. But I didn’t expect it to… take control.” My stomach churns. I hate admitting I wasn’t in control of my own mind. That once I’d linked to the vessel, we were one.
The commander leans his arm against the command chair’s armrest. “Timothy, m’boy, being a leader means you must remain strong both mentally and physically. This is a matter of international and personal security.” He sighs and removes his pistol from its holster.
I freeze. He wouldn’t shoot me, would he? This wasn’t that big of a mistake. My breath comes out panicked, but he simply removes a handkerchief from his tan shirt pocket and proceeds to polish the barrel.
“No matter what your situation, you should know every way in and out. You are an intelligent young man; your powers dictate this. You may not have the boosted willpower of a life-spirit elemental, but your enhanced intelligence is your defense.” He pauses, wiping away a bit of grit from the gun. The skin around his eyes crinkles as he smiles. “Sometimes the best defense is merely knowing that someone is trying to manipulate you.”
My thoughts flit to the persuasion beast, to how quickly I’d gone to the fence.
The commander chuckles. “Yes, m’boy. That would be an instance where knowing the beast’s tactics prove useful. Consider this: now that you know what a persuasion beast looks like, you have a stronger chance of reasoning why you shouldn’t be attracted to them. Your intelligence will win, provided you let it. Many do not.” He sits back in the seat. I glance through the acrylic glass window. I wish I could prevent the Legion Spore from taking control every time we join minds, and I wish I could protect myself from being persuaded.
“In due time, Master Zaytsev. Once we return, I’ll have Lady Black instruct you in the art of mental blocks.” Commander Rick raises his chin proudly.
A cold sweat breaks out along the back of my neck. Lady Black? But what if I fail? I’d betray Val!
I shake my head. “I’m not sure that’s such a good idea, sir.”
“Lady Black is skilled in persuasion,” the commander insists, “but she has no telepathy or life-spirit power to prevent her from being controlled herself. Only once has she truly failed such a task, and that instance has been dealt with. She will teach you.”
My heart sinks. “Yes, sir.”
“Good man. Now, let’s get on with training.”
He contacts the officer I spoke with earlier, informing him of the training exercise and giving him a heads up about the Legion Spore. For the next several hours, Commander Rick shows me different beast formations, how to attack, and when to withdraw. He commands the Legion Spore himself, instructing me to make changes to the code as necessary. Then, finally, it’s my turn.
I reluctantly tie my mind into the vessel’s code, but I keep my distance from its intelligence matrix. Only once do I find myself in the Legion Spore’s consciousness. Commander Rick pulls me out within moments of its happening, and then chastises me for dropping my guard. But I soon have the hang of routing commands through the Legion Spore and using its beast mastery to control the armies. The beasts only attack predetermined objects or wait in ambush, but the process shows me what I need to know: by using the Legion Spore, I have a whole host of powers at my disposal.
“Enough of this,” Commander Rick says, breaking me from my trance. Outside, the sky is dark with thick, navy clouds. The Legion Spore’s internal clock suggests we’re long past dinner. “You captured a prisoner,” he continues. “Let us interrogate her before the day is over.”
I’ve been avoiding the subject ever since the Legion Spore wanted to eat her.
Commander Rick and I climb to the lower floor. The OA scout lies unconscious with long, slick tentacles binding her to the leathery wall. “Master Zaytsev, have the Legion Spore link you telepathically to her mind.”
I flinch, but give the silent command.
I float at the edge of memory. Her life is suspended, so her thoughts are silent.
“Are you familiar with hub interrogation tactics?” he asks. The look he gives me is similar to the distant look Lady Winters gave me whenever she read my mind. He doesn’t need my response; he’s searching for himself.
“I understand the basic principles.”
“Good. Let’s see what you can do.” He turns back to the woman in the camouflage uniform. Her short, black hair falls across her face, one strand trapped listlessly between her lips. My chest constricts. I’m glad she doesn’t know what’s happening. I’ve never actually interrogated anyone before. That was Lady Winters’ job—and I still can’t forget the screams she elicited several doors from my room.
“What do you want to know?” I ask.
“Anything of use. Plans, weapons… where she came from, and why she was here.” He purses his lips and his mustache twitches.
“Yes, sir.” I take a deep breath. “Do we have anything to block her powers?”
The commander nods. “The Legion Spore. Normally we would use the injection method, but it’s too dangerous to carry adominogen around here.”
I understand why. The Legion Spore holds itself together using powers. A Benjamin’s shield—a device which blocks powers, or an injection of adominogen—like the one I received after killing Lady Winters, would cause the vessel to fall apart. I shiver. It’s not a pleasant thought to have while standing several thousand meters above the Earth.
“Legion Spore,” I instruct, “suspend the prisoner’s powers, then bring her to a semi-conscious state.”
Yes, Master Zaytsev.
The woman’s thoughts stir in my mind via the Legion Spore and techno sight. Her eyelids flutter, but she doesn’t come to. I let out a sigh I didn’t know I was holding. I don’t want her to wake to this.
“She is a prisoner of war,” Commander Rick reminds me. “Do what is necessary to obtain the information.”
I wring my hands. I’m not comfortable with this arrangement, but while I’m here, it’s my job to make sure the Legion Spore functions properly—including running an interrogation, if need be. I focus on her thoughts as if they were programming, and I’m surprised at the resemblance. Maybe it’s because I’m using techno sight to read her, but her thoughts clear for me. Fear, confusion… and a struggle to wake. There’s a splash of water in her mind, and she takes a sharp breath. She thinks she’s drowning.
Picture a boat, offer her a hand, the commander advises.
I do, and it’s as if I’m looking at a picture projected on translucent glass. The woman’s dream-self takes my hand. She gasps, leaning against the railing of what I realize now is the boat I rode on with the rebels while we were in Japan. My image, my thoughts, are transposed onto hers. Her eyes widen. The image explodes into rapid words and Japanese characters I can’t read.
Legion Spore—translate.
The words reform and her voice repeats the same story over and over. Something about the death of a serpent which yields a sword to the victor. I search it in EYEnet’s database. It’s a myth, I realize, and she’s using it to distract herself from revealing her secrets.
Some targets use familiar stories, Commander Rick agrees. Others play games in their minds, or sing songs. Are you familiar with how to break such walls?
I nod absently. Those techniques must be why the commander was so fond of singing ballads whenever Lady Winters was present. Problem is, I’m not sure where to start.
Listen to the story. Subtly derail it.
 A memory flickers in my mind—one I’ve tried to forget—of how Lady Winters would shift from image to image of torturous scenes before I had any clue that I was no longer focused on reality.
I listen again to the captive’s tale. I’m not sure how the serpent will help me, but the warrior I can use. I shift the woman’s image of an ancient warrior to a modern day OA soldier. The serpent writhes in the ocean, changing into an ambiguous form, and then reforms into the Legion Spore, eight distinct tentacles thrashing along the tops of trees.
Again I check the database. The original tale had a serpent with eight heads and eight tails, and the victor slew the creature by getting it drunk. Not exactly conducive to my trying to get information. Unless—if she thinks she’s won, maybe she’ll relax.
I push the scene further, and the soldier sets up eight computer terminals meant to attract the monster’s attention. I continue coaxing the scene, suggesting that when the Legion Spore wraps its tentacles around each of the terminals, they explode. The monster collapses, and she emerges triumphant.
Where would she go afterward? Whom would she tell? I push the thoughts into her mind. She removes a sword—no, a tablet with secret information—from the creature’s body, then appears in front of a base surrounded by a towering city of lights with distinct skyscrapers—Tokyo.
You should show this to your commanding officers, I suggest. They’ll be pleased.
She weaves through the halls, appearing in front of a door to her superior’s office. Inside, maps rotate on a giant holographic screen of planned attack points. She presents the tablet, her commander proud.
The image fades as she drifts into unconsciousness, and my vision wavers as I find myself back in the murky halls of the living airship. I look to Commander Rick. “Anything else?” I ask. That wasn’t so bad. Almost pleasant, though I doubt most interrogations have such an ending.
Commander Rick shakes his head approvingly and I remove my mind from the scouts’ mind. She slumps against the fleshy wall. “Have the Legion Spore remove her spirit,” he says, “then dispose of the corpse.”
My throat constricts. I know that it isn’t practical to keep her around, but there’s still something unsettling about the idea of having just been in the mind of someone about to die. “Dispose?”
“The Legion Spore needs nutrients and, this way, there will be no evidence for the Oriental Alliance to find,” Commander Rick explains.
What he leaves unspoken sends shivers down my neck. “You want it” —I swallow hard— “to eat her?”
Commander Rick glances at me, and his cocked eyebrows indicates that he understands I’m not ready to give that command. I know he’s right. The process is efficient, but the idea doesn’t settle in my stomach.
Legion Spore, remove her spirit, he sends.
Her head lolls. I detect one less presence of life through the vessel’s scanners.
Legion Spore—consume the remaining body for sustaining nutrients. Keep the technology, which may be useful in further investigations.
Dozens of tiny, translucent tendrils extend from the ivory floor, wrapping around her body. They flatten against her arms and chest and her skin dissolves, revealing the muscle and bone beneath. The body melts away. I force myself to watch, despite the terror creeping through every pore of my skin.
Within a minute, she’s gone.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
The tentacles reintegrate with the wall. Commander Rick picks up the remaining tablet and I turn away, clutching my light bulb charm.
A sense of intrigue pulls at the edge of my mind, like the Legion Spore is hoping I’ll share its interest in the nutrients of human flesh. But there’s something wrong about the Legion Spore’s curious desire to consume the body. I clench my fist, the charm digging into my palm. Jenna would never approve. Sure, the method is plenty efficient, but—
“Does Lady Salazar know about your obsession regarding your former ally?” Commander Rick asks.
“What?” I stare at him, perplexed.
“Your former ally—Miss Nickleson. Does Lady Salazar know about your obsession?”
I bite my lip. I hadn’t realized how often I consider what Jenna might say. “I’m not obsessed. It’s just… aside from joining the rebellion, Jenna is the most Community-oriented person I know,” I say quietly.
The commander raises his chin, listening. “Go on.”
“If it weren’t for Lady Winters’ brutality and mockery of efficiency, Jenna might have been more sympathetic to our cause. She idolized Lady Winters before she found out what the lady was really like.” I take a deep breath. “I don’t think she’s the rebel everyone thinks she is. She despises how callously they kill humans and beasts—and the threat they pose to the Community. The only reason she protests beastie creation is because she doesn’t see it as safe or secure.”
The commander inclines his head. “Why do you let yourself be distracted by what an enemy thinks of our techniques?”
I lower my eyes. I don’t think our philosophies are so different. Even though I’m repulsed that the Legion Spore would eat humans, it is more logical than discarding the body, or burning it. If Jenna were in my place, she might not fault the technique.
But Commander Rick is right. She’s not here; she’s with the rebels. For all I know, Jenna probably wants to strangle me after I chose to stay with Val… though I never did understand why she was so angry we got together. Jenna has her best friend, Lance. She has always had him, though she didn’t seem to notice until Val came around.
The commander chuckles. “Master Zaytsev, you are still thinking like a young man who has just entered a university: new opportunities, the prospect of a career, and the chance you might meet your future partner.” He smiles gently, but heat fans through my face. “As a leader, you needn’t concern yourself with such trivial matters. You have your entire career before you, and a partner who loves you.”
My jaw drops. I never expected him to tell me what he could see in her mind.
“Master Zaytsev, I don’t have to look into Lady Salazar’s mind to see that she cares. She argued adamantly to keep you alive, even against Lady Winters. No small feat. At one point the arguments became so heated that I wondered if I was about to witness the shortest Camaraderie council leadership in our history. Thankfully, Lady Salazar remains with us to this day.”
I close my mouth quickly. He motions me to the command room and sits in the chair, resting his chin against the bone of his knuckles. I stand before him, feet together, back straight. I wish I felt more confident.
“You will be challenged by much of what we do,” he continues. “In the Community, your tasks were simple: program basic systems, keep everything running smoothly… This job is not so simple. We call ourselves the Camaraderie of Evil because we are willing to take steps others wouldn’t dare consider. That’s the only way we can accomplish security and efficiency. I don’t personally believe we are evil, but the name stuck around from our earlier days, and they were… an interesting bunch.” A thoughtful smile quirks on his lips and he clasps his hands on his knee. Despite the relaxed position, he still carries an imposing presence.
“Yes, sir,” I say.
“The Community is everything we promise. It is safe, secure, and efficient. Everyone has a secure job, with no fear of being mugged on the street or killed because of needless terrorism. They have food, shelter, and companionship. We rule the Community carefully, and the system works.” He pauses as he gathers his thoughts. “However, there is a price. When the Camaraderie was first formed, Lord Black determined that superpowers posed a threat to his utopian ideals. Those with powers must be controlled or eliminated. Those who do not contribute cannot be allowed to siphon off others.” Commander Rick sets his jaw and my chest clenches tight. I know this already, but to hear it directly from the eldest council member is another thing entirely.
“Thus, through Sanjorez’s and Benjamin’s work with the pendants, the Camaraderie learned how to make beasts. Beasts can be controlled. They can fight. They are more efficient than eliminating each individual person that opposes us. No one would contest using elementals and power users in Special Forces. But our enemies would argue that our actions are morally wrong.”
Like Jenna.
The commander smirks. “Like Miss Nickleson, yes. But I have seen her mind. She seeks truth in answers. In her eyes, to have been lied to about the state of the world was a crime. It is not the action of transformation she sees as wrong, so much as it is that we withheld that information from her.” He presses a knuckle to his chin and gazes out at the dark sky. “I believe it is similar to how you are unaccustomed to making decisions which impact the wellbeing of others, and why you have a hard time understanding the art of war.”
I shift uncomfortably as the commander stands.
“You will do well, m’boy. You will adjust.”
I nod, but I still have a sinking feeling in the back of my throat. To be efficient, truly efficient, I’m going to have to make choices I’d rather not make.
He places a hand on my shoulder and smiles. “You will make a fine leader, Master Zaytsev.” Legion Spore, create a portal to the base. A portal opens for him and he leaves me alone with the vessel for the night. After everything that’s happened, I really just want to settle down with Val, hold her in my arms, and get a long night’s sleep.
I stagger from the chair and through the hall, and then make my way down the ladder. There’s no one here but me, no one I have to impress. A humid breeze drifts along the short walkway. I step into my room and glance at the kitchenette. I should probably eat something. I fish through the refrigerator until I find an unmarked box of frozen burritos. I unwrap one before mentally instructing the Legion Spore to microwave it. A minute later, steaming burrito in hand, I plop onto the bed. The sheets rustle, crackly and stiff. The burrito is decent, but the lack of hot sauce reminds me of the rebels’ cooking. Even with meager supplies, they had some way of making everything taste good. I sigh. Their best cook—my mentor—is dead now. In a way, his death is my fault. If I hadn’t stolen the car, he wouldn’t have tried to retrieve it.
I finish the burrito, and then exchange my uniform for a simple pair of boxers. I crawl under the sheets. “Legion Spore—” My voice sounds hollow. “Connect me with Val.” I feel its circuits working, the networks sprawling across towers and hubs in search for a connection.
We apologize, Master Zaytsev, but Lady Salazar does not appear to be available. Would you like us to leave her a message?
I close my eyes. “Yes, please. Record my voice, then relay the message to her tablet.” I pause, thinking of what I want to say. “This is Tim. I couldn’t get a hold of you but, well, I just wanted to say I love you, and I miss you, and…” My voice catches in my throat. It’s been a long time since I’ve slept alone. “I’ll see you when I get back.” I smile a little, but my chest feels loose, as if there’s nothing here to hold me in place. “End recording and transmit.”
Yes, Master Zaytsev. Is there anything else we can do for you?
I nuzzle the flat pillow under my neck. Uncomfortable, but I’m sure it’s made for simplistic support. “No. It’s bedtime, now.”
Would you like us to read you a bedtime story?
“What?”
You like this one, remember? You like the story of ‘The Boy Who Cried Wolf.’
I sit up. The Legion Spore’s voice is different. It’s still clipped, not quite oriented, but its inflections are not the same as the artificial voice I heard all afternoon. “Bedtime story?” I don’t remember programming it to read bedtime stories—unless Benjamin has an unspoken interest in oral literature.
Once upon a time, there was a foolish little boy who stood guard over the shepherd’s sheep. The shepherd told him, ‘If you ever see a wolf, son, with large gold eyes and strong sharp teeth, you must immediately call for help.’ The little boy listened closely, for he was mischievous, and full of play.
The hairs rise on my arms. This doesn’t sound like the AI at all. “Legion Spore—acknowledge me.”
The shepherd knew of the little boy’s tricks, so he gave him a stern warning. ‘You must never cry wolf if there is none, for when the townspeople come running, they will be angry if you have disturbed them for nothing. Promise me, son, that you will be honest, and call for help only if there is danger.’ The little boy agreed with every bit of passion he could muster, and the shepherd went on his way. Do you know what happens next?
I shiver. Yes, I know the fable, but this isn’t right. “Legion Spore, I do not want to hear a story.”
The first night, the little boy did as he was told. But it was all very tedious, and staring at sheep was certainly the most boring task he had ever done.
“Legion Spore!” I push the covers aside and throw my legs over the edge of the bed. I pause. The floor is no longer made of ivory. It’s returned to the basic metal grate, while the walls have lost their leatheriness, now just a soft, fleshy musculature.
So the next night, the little boy did the most exciting thing he could imagine. He cried wolf.
I reach to the vessel with my mind, but the Legion Spore has erected some kind of firewall. I launch myself out of bed. This isn’t good. If the Legion Spore isn’t responding, I can’t command it.
All the townspeople came running. But when they got there, the little boy laughed. ‘You should see your faces!’ he cried. The only creatures in the field were the sheep and their lambs.
I scramble up the ladder, my sweaty fingers clutching the rungs. My fingers slip, but I quickly catch myself. Once on the next floor, I search out the controls on the central command point.
I’m locked out.
The townspeople retreated in anger, and the shepherd gave the boy a fierce reprimanding. ‘You should not fool people,’ he warned, ‘for they may not believe you the next time you call for help.’ The little boy apologized, and the shepherd went back to his work. The next night, the little boy paced all the grounds, and there was no wolf to be found. He soon grew bored.
I step away from the console, numb. What if we’re attacked? What if the vessel loses flight capabilities? We’ll careen into the trees and die, with no armor plating to shield us. I race into the command room. We hover over the trees, silent, lifeless.
 So the boy cried wolf. The townspeople came. The shepherd shook his head and sent the foolish child home to bed. The next night passed, and the boy trekked all over the grounds, looking for any sign of predatory life. Then he saw it—the flash of gold. The sharp teeth shining in the glow of his lantern.
The wolf had come for its meal.
The Legion Spore’s voices seethe with anger. Goosebumps crawl on my arms. “Legion Spore,” I plead, but it ignores me.
The foolish child cried wolf once more, but no one came.
The sensation of being watched tickles my powers, and I crane my head to the ceiling. Two golden, wolf-like eyes stare at me, endless and hungry.
My body goes numb. If the Legion Spore isn’t functioning right, what if it tries to eat me? The image of the prisoner’s body decomposing into nutrients roots itself in my mind.
The next day, the townspeople found their sheep untouched. But all that remained of the boy was his bones. The end. How do you like that bedtime story? We know it’s your favorite.
The voices drawl, overlapping but out of sync as they growl. I envision the wolf licking its lips in anticipation. My body shakes uncontrollably. The eyes don’t blink.
“Very nice,” I say. I can’t keep my voice steady.
You like when we tell stories, don’t you? You’ve always liked our stories. Always liked—
The voices stop. The eyes recede into the ship’s hull.
I take quick, shallow breaths. “Legion Spore?”
Yes, Master Zaytsev?
I breathe a sigh of relief. The voice is normal. The hull has returned to its usual leathery self. “Do your records indicate any unusual activity?”
There is silence as the vessel searches its database. Yes, Master Zaytsev. We have no record of the past four minutes.
I wrap my fingers around the efficiency charm. “Thank you. I’ll investigate the cause immediately.”
But I know what the cause is—a glitch. One of Commander Rick’s “ghosts.”
I return to the command chair, my head swimming. The sky is clouded, but clusters of stars peek through. I need sleep, but the glitch must be resolved. I tap into the vessel’s command code, and the search begins.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Thick jungle leaves slap my arms and legs. The hot air broods in a silence that’s insane, even for the vague reality of a dream. Here, I’m a scout for the OA. No birds chirp, no predatory creatures murmur their growls. I should sense them with my beast mastery power, but they’re hiding.
I dig my boots into the ground, sliding against mud and fallen debris, and pull the radio from my belt. I need help from Command. I’m supposed to maintain radio silence, but something’s wrong. One by one, the leaves spin and flare into open sky. A hideous monster floats above the jungle like a pinkish-brown, mutated jellyfish. My heart pounds as I thumb the radio button. Whatever that thing is, the Oriental Alliance must be told. “Command?”
Static. The radio dies. I frantically thumb the button, my palms sweaty. I glance at the sky as one of those long, twisted tentacles reaches through the swirling trees. My feet root in place. I can’t run—I gasp and drop the radio. The tentacle wraps around me, burning through the camouflage uniform and into my skin. I scream as the kaiju lifts me into the air—
I start in my chair and take a gasping breath. My blood thrums. A pink ray of light casts the Legion Spore’s bone-covered command center in a soft, early morning glow. I must’ve fallen asleep while working on the glitch.
Still shaking, I fumble my way downstairs and make a selection from a dozen different teas and hot drinks. Chamomile. Earl Grey. Black. Vanilla. Ginger and honey. The list goes on, but I finally choose a hazelnut coffee with milk. There are not many coffee choices—just black, hazelnut, and vanilla, which surprises me given Lady Winters’ fondness for the drink. The liquid sloshes from the cup and scalds my hand. No matter. I’ll have the Legion Spore heal it if the burn is too bad.
I sit on the bed. Last night’s “story time” glitch was rooted so deep in the Legion Spore’s code that it took forever to find the inefficient thing, and when I finally did, there was no logical reason for its presence. Nothing. I wiped that line of code and made a separate notation elsewhere of what that line contained.
Once I finish my coffee, I take a quick shower. The steam relaxes my muscles, despite the eerie carvings of beasts in the ivory wall, haunting me through the stream of hot water. Afterward, I don the fiber optic uniform Val gave me and then return to my post.
There’s no message from the commander, but Val left a smiley face note on my tablet. I grin and trace the edge of the heart-shaped locket she gave me. Tomorrow I’ll be back.
Pleasantries complete, I use the Legion Spore’s radiation power to project a shimmering list of people who were part of its making. For now, I ignore the ones who were turned into beasts. They don’t have memories from before their transformation, and it’s the ones with memories who are most likely to form “ghosts.”
By the time the sun fully rises over the horizon, I’ve narrowed my list to three people. One is from the rebellion and has life-spirit powers. The second is a shapeshifter from the Community, while the third is a man who accidently caught security’s attention while asking too many questions. He’s my guess for the culprit. His files only list his powers and general temperament, but once I connect to the Legion Spore, I track his origins to a security log matching my concerns.
According to the record, he mumbled about one tale or another during his time in prison. A telepath recorded the man’s thoughts: he told himself the story of “The Boy Who Cried Wolf,” and associated himself with the boy. His son disappeared after a Health Scan, and when he alerted security that something must be wrong, they accused him of being delusional. The man was hauled away for having theophrenia—though the plague is little more than a cover up for powers.
I run my hand through my still-damp hair. After replaying the logs from the minutes before the incident, I conclude that my suggesting it was bedtime resulted in the “bedtime” story. Still, such memories are supposed to be suppressed, no trace of residual personality.
This is not as simple as Commander Rick thinks.
I continue struggling through the glitch while the Legion Spore scans the forest for spies until the commander sets up a communication link. “Master Zaytsev?” His voice resounds through the command room. It’s the first time we’ve tried using the Legion Spore’s ability to project sound through a controlled scream power, though it seems localized from somewhere in the hall.
I close the remaining documents. “I hear you.”
“Very good. Report, please.”
I explain the glitch and what I’ve done to fix it. Commander Rick murmurs to himself as he listens. When I’ve finished, the silence stretches out like the tentacles from my nightmare. I shiver. “Are you still there?”
“Continue as you have,” he says, “and alert me when you have new information.”
“Yes, sir.” I rest my chin in the palm of my hand and stare across the jungle canopy. The broad green leaves waver and ripple, and I fight back the memory of the OA scout staring through the leaves at that fleshy, flying sea creature.
“…in your spare time I would like you to conduct research, leaving no trace, while using the Legion Spore as a conduit.”
I perk up. Research—that’s something I might be able to do from the base, near Val, without having to be in the field. “What do you have in mind?”
He chuckles. “You ran into a lack of information on the time stones before your position as the Head of Efficiency, correct?”
 “Yes, sir.” The time stones, while they are enchanted artifacts, have mostly been used to ensnare hopeful rebels who are desperate for anything to stop the Camaraderie. Since the stones aren’t particularly powerful on their own, they’re much better as bait than actual weapons. The Camaraderie has its sights on other weapons—destructive forces like the Legion Spore. Until now, they haven’t given the stones’ individual powers much thought, never mind that the last one I ran into unleashed a dragon spirit.
“I will ensure what information the Camaraderie has is made available to you,” Commander Rick finishes.
I grin and scoot to the edge of my chair. Maybe I can find the exact locations of the other stones and whether or not the stones could actually work. Dragon spirits are one thing. Controlling time? Improbable, but they must have gotten their name from somewhere. “Want me to look for anything specific?”
“Anything relevant.” He pauses. “Remind me, have you been briefed on the rebel attack in St. Petersburg?”
I slowly fall back into my seat. Though I lived on the fringes of the city, Jenna and Lance are from the suburbs. “An attack? What happened?”
Commander Rick clears his throat. “A few days ago, the Coalition’s arrival in St. Petersburg sparked a grassroots rebellion. They killed a number of security guards before Special Forces could intervene.”
My breath catches in my throat. The rebels aren’t equipped to fight Special Forces. “The Coalition—”
“Escaped,” he says flatly.
My shoulders relax. They’re still alive, then. There’s a chance, though so slim I don’t know why I bother wishing it, that at least one of them might come to their senses and realize that the Community isn’t as bad as they think.
“What does this have to do with the time stones?” I ask.
“The Coalition has both the Japanese and Guatemalan stones. At this point, they believe they have an advantage. But once they hear news of the Legion Spore, they may go into hiding.”
I nod slowly. “If we know where the remaining stones are, we know where the rebels will go next.” That was why I gave Jenna the tablet in the first place. But the tablet only had general information, nothing specific.
“Smart boy. We’ll leak information about the stones as bait. If we can capture even one of the Coalition’s members, we will finally end their ‘age of heroes.’ ”
I cringe. None of them would fare well against an interrogation.
“Of course,” he continues, “you brought a valid point to my attention. Miss Nickleson seems interested in preserving the Community. But when we baited her grandfather with her impending capture, she almost ran. M’boy, you have spent considerable time with Miss Nickleson. Do you truly think she could be persuaded to our cause?”
I wriggle in my chair. Jenna is stubborn. Last I knew, her ideas of injustice had to do with turning unknowing citizens into beasts. “Maybe,” I say carefully. “Depends on how you plan to persuade her. She’s not immune to telepathy, by any means.” Lady Winters’ attack on her was proof of that. “But she also doesn’t like the rebels’ callous attitude regarding the Community. They want to uproot the society. She wants to make the Community ideals real. She believes in safety, security, efficiency…” I touch the light bulb efficiency charm beside the pendant at my collarbone. “If she were presented an option that allowed her to protect the Community without using beasts, her attitude might change.”
“I see. Thank you. I will take this into consideration. The more information we have, the better we can track the Coalition’s movements and end their rebellion with logic, regardless of our tactics. In the meantime, I’ve uploaded instructions regarding today’s training regimen.”
“Yes, sir,” I say, but my heart sinks. If he thinks Jenna will accept beastie transformation just because it keeps the Community safe, he’s underestimating her.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
I bite my knuckles as I pace the length of the Legion Spore. Commander Rick wants the locations of the stones and I’m going to find them… whether or not his plan is going to work the way he thinks. The rebels aren’t stupid enough to fall for the bait, especially after their last attempt to find a stone landed them with a double agent and a lot of sore wounds. I pause, staring at the archway at the end of the hall. On the other hand, the commander’s right. If I keep getting distracted by the past, I’m going to have a hard time making my future. Instead of looking to my past with the rebels, I need to focus on the past of the stones. That’s how I’m going to figure out what each time stone does. There are five stones, and their individual artwork and powers are based in different cultures and mythologies. They’re supposed to have something to do with time travel, but that’s another problem entirely. It’s the guardians of the stones that are likely to pummel us if we try to recover them. Whenever a stone is moved from its original position, its guardian is triggered to attack the thief. The thing is, a guardian must be defeated outside its territory or it respawns and continues its attack. The Japanese stone was a dragon, which Val defeated with electricity.
I mentally open the files Commander Rick sent me. The first one is a document from one of the mercenaries that went on the Guatemalan mission. Like Val, she was an electricity elemental.

At the time, the temple was empty. Well, about as empty as an occupied temple’s going to be during a fight. I let Ivy Man (Seriously, can you believe he calls himself that?) take care of drawing the rebels out of the temple, then I blasted the bunch with lightning. I say blasted, but really, it was a static shock compared to what I had to use inside the damned building.
Anyway, while Ivy Man kept the rebels distracted, I snuck inside. First thing, per the job’s request, I took pictures. Actually, the first thing I did was gut the guy waiting to ambush me. After that, there wasn’t much to see. Not at first. Just a bunch of outdated antiquities that meant a lot to the people who didn’t mind dying when they got in the way, but probably wouldn’t sell for much on the black market.
Then, in the upper levels, I found a funky looking stone. Thing didn’t look right. I mean… sure, it was decked out in the same art as the rest of the musty place, but it just didn’t fit. Know what I mean? That kind of weird feeling like someone’s trying to make it look like it belongs, but it doesn’t? It’s like that. I’d bet if you got a team of excavators in here—well, if you’d done it before we unleashed the shapeshifting monster of doom and brought down the building—they’d have been oooing and ahhing over all the old stuff. Not this. This probably would have been described it as a knock-off.
See the picture? Yeah. Doesn’t fit.

She included a grainy picture of an altar with the time stone sitting on top of it. A stream of light settles across it as if there was a window or door nearby, but the whole image is spotty, taken with a cheap flash on her tablet instead of professional equipment. She was probably only documenting this for the sake of extra pay.
Still, I pull up a separate image of the time stone, taken after its successful “capture.” It’s tall and cylindrical, except the top, which is rounded like a dome. Four gold bands wrap around its circumference. Two on top, two on bottom. The rest of it is covered in intricate designs styled to match that of the Maya temple. But she’s right. When I look at the original picture she took, it stands out from the rest of the art. So subtle that most people wouldn’t even notice, like it’s a well-made counterfeit.
I check the pictures I took from when I transcribed the hieroglyphs on the outside of the Maya temple. Even the art of the temple in those pictures seem a bit different from the stone. Except… except for the actual hieroglyphs I transcribed. Odd. I have no idea what’s different about it, only that it feels out of place. Even my newly enhanced intelligence power doesn’t give me an answer.
I continue reading.

Normally I’d just ignore something like that. No point in grabbing a useless paperweight that’s not going to fetch more than a few pesos or credits. But, since this mission is obviously worth more than a few Community credits, I went ahead and grabbed the thing. And ooooh, boy. Remember when I thought that thing was a fake?
Yeah… I’m giving thought to switching my preferred pantheon.
I took about two steps before every hair on my neck stood on end and a glowing blue jaguar materialized in front of me (Yeah… blue. It was like some kind of hologram from those old sci-fi shows I used to watch. Sucks that you guys wiped them out of the Community). I get the feeling right away that he’s mad. Or she. Not really sure. What’s important is that this freakin’ glowing jaguar appeared in front of me, bared its fangs, and gave this really loud telepathic roar that scared the beejeebees outta me. I wasn’t about to let the stone go, so I turned tail and ran. And ran…
Do you know how many stairs there were in that temple?
A lot.
And the stupid jaguar kept teleporting in front of me. I tried backtracking, but when it showed up again, all angry jowls and sharp teeth, I finally just closed my eyes and ran through it. Ugh. All those stories about getting the shivers when you go through a ghost? True. Totally true.
After that, it disappeared. Unfortunately, this must have been one of those doppelganger type ghosts, because no sooner did I make it out of the temple when I found not one creepy, ivy-obsessed sociopath, but two.
And you know what? Turned out that jaguar ghosty could shapeshift… and do it without the blue hologram thing going on. And it could steal powers.
We spent the better part of ten minutes trying to strangle and zap it while not accidently strangling and zapping each other. Somehow it guided us back to the temple, and let’s just say that through a few unfortunate turn of events, we made the potential excavation site as history as the relics inside. Not much of a temple there anymore. Sorry about that. Hope you weren’t planning on using it as a base.
We got the stone, though. Well, I did. I certainly don’t mind saying that the plant dude was crushed when all the stones collapsed, true to an old time adventure movie. (Have you thought about bringing back some of those? Make it kind of a warning movie and say that’s what people with theophrenia think they’re going through. I mean, I guess you’d have to make the ending darker, but…

I give up reading the rest of the document because she spends the next page going over possible alternative endings for a bunch of old movies. They seem vaguely familiar, and I’m pretty sure I watched a few of them while I was staying with the rebels, but they have nothing to do with the stones.
But the first part of her notes is informative. The other stones are likely to have similar powers. They’ll be guarded by a being based on mythologies from their respective locations, which, based on the information I’ve found, are Egypt, India, and Peru. That, and they’re called Catonian relics. Benjamin mentioned that once, and then quickly corrected himself because I wasn’t supposed to have the clearance to that information. But now that I have access to the Camaraderie’s entire database, I should be able to find something.
I sit myself on the smooth, ivory floor in the middle of the hall and pull my legs to my knees. “Legion Spore, research Catonian relics. Use the search parameters I set earlier.”
Yes, Master Zaytsev. Commencing search.
I give a quick nod. A few minutes later, the Legion Spore pings me with an article that looks promising. Not only does it mention the relic, but another spirit.

A small cat figurine resembling the Egyptian goddess, Bastet, was discovered to host a malevolent, though childlike, spirit. The spirit possessed a young human child, which infiltrated the Super Bureau and won the affections of several of its agents. However, the spirit soon turned on leading geneticist, Dr. Sanders, and attempted to kill him. Benjamin’s shields proved ineffective in containing the spirit, and after deadly force was necessary to protect innocent civilians, killing the child resulted in a ‘ghostlike’ entity that separated from its host. Considerable damage occurred before the relic hosting the spirit could be located. Determined powers: Life-spirit, telepathy, and reality bending. The artifact was destroyed due to being too hostile to continue observation. No further interruption occurred after the destruction of the artifact. The artifact was determined to be Catonian in origin by Benjamin Calroe.
Contributing author—Victoria Calroe

I twist my lips. Victoria and Benjamin Calroe… How much does Benjamin know about the shields being ineffective? If the time stones and the artifact mentioned in the article are the same, then regular shields might not work on them.
“Do any of the other articles reference Catonian relics?” I ask.
None that have been confirmed, Master Zaytsev, at least not that also involve spirits.
I groan as I lie back on the smooth floor. Odd. For all that the walls are leather, the ceiling has an uncanny resemblance to a human lung. “Legion Spore, please search—”
A disjointed, lilting song sifts through the hall.
I sit upright. “Legion Spore, are you singing?” Since when does the Legion Spore sing?
At first the words are too garbled to make sense of, but when I strain to understand the lyrics, I realize the song is in Spanish. Thanks to Val, I recognize “las manos de un monstruo” as “the hands of a monster.”
“Legion Spore—” I start, but the vessel doesn’t answer. My ears ring as the drifting voices peak and reach a fevered pitch.
I take a deep breath. For the love of the Community…
It’s another glitch.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
“Legion Spore!” I snap, flattening my hands over my ears to block the noise. At this rate, I’m going to go deaf. I race toward the sound, then stumble and nearly trip over myself at the sight around the corner. Dozens of mouths of various sizes litter the leathery wall. My heart pounds, though I can barely distinguish its sound over the cacophony of off-kilter voices. The command center is a wall of blank screens. I pound my fist on the keyboard. The keys depress with no response. I grit my teeth, mentally searching for the Legion Spore’s intelligence matrix.
The refrain of the song blares a frenzied, garbled mess that doesn’t even resemble the original melody. More mouths extrude from the walls and floor as the leather dissolves into a lumpy mass of muscle. I back away from a wide pair of lips near my boots. For now, I’m going to stay where the metal grid is.
The song is too loud; my eardrums hurt. The noise reverberates through my core, like I somehow got dropped in the middle of a symphony with all the speakers turned toward me.
Maybe I can access the controls from the secondary panel.
I scramble across the hall, dodging moving lips as the song’s decibel increases. Different mouths sing different verses. They hit a shrill, high note. My eyes water and I drop down the ladder. I fall against the floor, landing off the metal grate and against the fleshy hull.
The voices stop.
The hall regains its leather siding.
My ankle throbs. I grimace, testing my weight on my foot. A spike of pain shoots through my leg. I gasp, quickly favoring my other leg.
Master Zaytsev, you appear to be wounded. Were you attacked?
Not unless I can claim being attacked by a really, really bad choir. I wince, rubbing my ears. There’s now a lovely, persistent ringing that sounds something like a distant siren wailing.
“Not directly,” I say. “Mind healing me, please?” A cooling sensation floods through my ankle. The noise in my ears fades slowly, and then gives way to the soft breathing of the Legion Spore. I try to reposition myself to help the healing, but my body goes rigid. I try to move my mouth, but it’s frozen. My breath catches in my throat. I can’t breathe. Community—it’s not letting me breathe!
Please remain still, Master Zaytsev. The healing process requires that you do not move.
My head swims. I flail in my mind, gasping for breath and faltering like a brick underwater. I send a tech-based command, Legion Spore, let go of me!
I collapse as my body takes a staggering, automatic breath. My heart rate rackets like a trapped flight beastie. “Don’t do that again,” I say, my voice hoarse. I run my fingers over the smooth bone of the floor, my chest heaving. “Legion Spore?”
We understand, Master Zaytsev. Our apologies. For a moment, I think the voices actually sound ashamed of themselves. But that’s not possible; it’s just a programmed response.
I take a tentative step up the ladder. Then another.
“Legion Spore, are there any anomalies in your records from the past ten minutes?” I follow its progress.
A two-and-a-half minute gap of nothing, no records.
So much for my research of the time stones. I have another glitch to fix. “Legion Spore, analyze my thoughts for what I heard you singing, and match it as best you can in Spanish. Then translate that, and tell me what it says.”
Several minutes later, the Legion Spore speaks. The translation appears to say, ‘Better to flee from your path of birth, and risk your life’s command. Why drive your love to the brink of death, to die in a monster’s hands?’
I rub my chin, frowning when I find stubble. I’ve been so busy researching and worrying about glitches that I haven’t found time to shave. “Thank you, Legion Spore. Can you cross-reference the lyrics against the Camaraderie’s database to see if the song is listed?”
Certainly, Master Zaytsev. One moment, please.
I rummage through the articles while I wait, but there is little of interest.
Master Zaytsev, there does not appear to be any known recordings of such lyrics in the Camaraderie’s database. How would you like us to proceed?
I spin back and forth in the command chair, allowing the vertigo to soothe my aching head. “Try looking outside the Camaraderie’s database. Look in the territories.”
Yes, Master Zaytsev.
I grimace. The constant use of my name is as monotonous as the Community’s mantra. But that’s a minor concern compared to these glitches. Maybe there’s something about the songs in the files of the individuals used in the Legion Spore’s creation.

After a bit of reading, I find a number of possible candidates for this particular glitch, and several of them have Spanish listed as their primary language. Still, they could know the song without knowing what it says.
Half an hour later, the Legion Spore has a result. The song has its origin within the rebellions. The first half dates to 2038. I pull up additional files, and the best I find is that the song loosely, very loosely, refers to a man named Seth Black—Lady Emily Black’s father, the son of Lord Black. I flip through file after file in my mind, and then review the song itself.

After all you’ve seen and heard, how can you bear to stay?
Better to flee from your path of birth and to risk your life’s command.
Why drive your love to the brink of death, to die in a monster’s hands?
Hunters carry her beyond the fallen. Whispers carry her beyond the grave.
Here’s to our comrades and our calling, hoping our lives might be saved.

You will never know where the memories go, if you never think to ask.
Why not travel by the stars’ fading light, to a place where you’ll someday die?
A brother carries you beyond the fallen. Whispers carry you beyond the grave.
Here’s to your comrades and your calling, thanking your life that we’re saved.

The lyrics give me no clue as to which of the individuals in the Legion Spore might have known the song, especially considering it was written almost forty years ago.
“At what point did this song get translated into Spanish?” I ask.
Sometime during the year 2060.
I rub my chin. Same year as the fall of Lord Black, yet before the Camaraderie funded raids against the remaining “superheroes.” “The song might have been a way for them to record their history or to recognize friends,” I murmur.
Theoretically plausible.
I glance at the ceiling. Huh. The Legion Spore actually responded to my musing. “Thanks.”
You are quite welcome, Master Zaytsev.
I spend the rest of the afternoon and most of the evening sorting through personalities, but none of their records show knowledge of the song. The code is nowhere to be found.
By the time Commander Rick calls for an update, I’m ready for sleep. I recap the day’s events and the latest glitch, which he tells me we can discuss later since it’s not currently bothering the Legion Spore’s functionality. Still, I’m to portal the Legion Spore to the base tomorrow for an evaluation, which means I get the whole day with Val. Almost the whole day, anyway. There’s one meeting at ten hundred hours, for the Camaraderie leaders, and another one at noon, specifically between me and Lady Black.
I don’t look forward to it.
“Have a good night, m’boy. You’re doing fine work,” Commander Rick finishes. “Lady Salazar is at hand. Would you like to speak with her?”
I nearly bolt from my seat, then take a quick breath to calm myself. “Of course, sir. Thank you.”
He chuckles. “Thought so.”
“Tim?” Val’s voice is hesitant, as if she’s not sure how this whole thing works. I wish I could see her face—then I remember there are security cameras everywhere in the base.
“Hey, Val.” I close my eyes, linking to the cameras through the Legion Spore’s techno sight powers. Val stands in one of the meeting rooms, in front of a holographic projector that shows the Indian jungle I visited earlier. She’s in her usual leader’s attire. Her coppery skin shows through the gaps in her metallic armor. Warmth spreads through me. “You look beautiful.”
She spares a glance to Commander Rick, and then back to the projector. “How can you—”
“Techno sight.” I grin. “How’s it going?”
She smiles mischievously at the security camera. “I’m doing fine. How about you, Mister I’ve Got Awesome Super Spy Powers?”
I lean back in my chair. “I’m using the Legion Spore, so don’t expect me to be a super spy for long. As for as how I’m doing, I had to deal with a couple glitches, and they were a pain, but everything else is going smoothly.”
“That’s good.”
“Isn’t it? I got your message earlier.”
She crosses her arms and smirks. Commander Rick strides to the other side of the room. Giving us space, I guess. “You forgot about the time difference,” she notes.
I shrug. “It happens.”
“Don’t get cocky, mister,” she says, lowering her voice. “Tomorrow you and I are going to a ball.”
I blink. “This soon?”
She grins, showing her fangs. Even though I’ve been dating her almost two months now, those fangs send a shiver of goosebumps down my back.
What I wouldn’t give to be with her now.
“Yep,” she says. “Lady Black’s been teaching me to dance, and Stuart has offered to teach you once you’re back on the base.”
“I look forward to it.” I smile, though I’m having a hard time picturing the old servant as much of a dancer. “How was your trip?”
“Not bad.”
We continue our conversation for a good half hour after Commander Rick leaves the room, and then finally say goodnight. Tomorrow I get to spend time with Val, and there’s the upcoming ball to look forward to, but my heart sinks when I remember, before all that, there’s the meeting with Lady Black.
I sigh and prepare my toothbrush. It’s not that I don’t want her training me, it’s just… she’s known for being the seductress. It’s one of her tactics.
I look down at the floss I’ve twined around my fingers. Too bad someone else can’t train me. If Lady Black plans to teach me about guarding my thoughts, she’ll use her persuasion powers. And I’m not so sure that having a festive ballroom event immediately afterward is going to be much fun if I fail.
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
I’m dreaming. My knees rest against cold steel; my chin’s against my chest. My hands are cuffed behind my back. The air conditioner chills the air and goosebumps run along my bare skin. At least the guards had the decency to leave me with pants. That particular act suggests that I’m not slated for beastie transformation, though there’s no good reason for them to keep me here.
The door cracks open with a warm hiss of air. A slender woman silhouettes the blue light. Glossy, coal-black fabric hugs her hips as she swaggers in. Her waist-length hair sways in time with her movement. She flashes an alluring smile and traces the edges of the tell-tale pendant resting against her breast.
I turn my gaze to the floor, but even cold steel isn’t safe from her image. Her blurred reflection comes to a standstill a meter away. I sense her proud spirit being guarded by some life elemental’s powers.
They’ve left me with my own powers for reasons I can’t explain.
The lady kneels beside me and brushes her index finger against my cheekbone. “You’re a handsome one, aren’t you?” Her voice is smooth—tugs at my chest.
I curse and jerk away.
I have the advantage. I’m a life-spirit elemental. She’s not. My will is stronger than hers.
She lifts my chin with her finger, forcing our eyes to meet. “Do you know who I am?”
Her full lips, pale red lipstick conservatively applied, widens into a smile. She has olive skin, and light brown eyes a shade of amber quartz. She blinks seductively, fluttering her dark eyelashes.
I snap my eyes shut and stumble away, crashing against the wall and landing with my hands twisted behind me, the freezing chain between handcuffs pressed against my lower back. I breathe hard, trying to catch my breath. It’s not the most comfortable situation, but it’s better than succumbing to that shapeshifter’s guile.
She chuckles and lays her hand at the base of my neck. The hairs rise there, stirring with repulsive interest. “They said you would be a rebellious one.”
Rebellious? Damn right I’m rebellious. She wants to use her persuasion on me? I smirk. She’s never tested my powers. Never tested her wit against mine. The bitch won’t weasel my secrets from me unless they inject me first, and even then, they’ll be hard-pressed to get into my head.
“What’d you expect, my lady?” I spit at her hand.
She yanks her hand away, then narrows her eyes. “You’ll break eventually. You all do.”
I take a deep breath. I’ve evaded their telepaths. They haven’t gotten into my head, and they haven’t used the injection. Why waste it? That must be why they sent her. I can’t let down my guard. I can’t forget who she is—what she wants.
“Don’t count on me breaking, ‘my lady.’ I’m not one of your playthings.”
She leans into my ear, her breathing hot and heavy. Time to wake, Master Zaytsev.
I sit abruptly. The cool sheets rustle against my bare legs while a warm, thick breeze passes over my shoulders. My heart’s pounding—what was that dream about? There was so much hatred toward Lady Black. I don’t trust myself around her, but I don’t hate her, either.
I take a deep breath, reorienting myself with my surroundings. My bedroom has a reddish glow, a far cry from the blue LEDs of the prison cell in my dream. Community… bile rises in my throat at the thought of Lady Black, a mounting anger that leaves my muscles tense. But it wasn’t real. I don’t have anything to worry about. It was just a bad dream.
I unclench my fists, trying to relax. Val told me it’s better to just take a moment to catch my breath and relax, rather than let something bug me for the rest of the day.
Still, the whole dream was so clear that I’m thankful no one in the Camaraderie participates in the telling of dreams at breakfast, like we do in the Community. It’s deemed too personal, and now I see why.
I glance at the leathery wall. Too bad Lady Winters didn’t think to put a window in here. After the dream, everything feels terribly stuffy.
The wall squelches and an angular window from the command center emerges as the flesh trickles away. Pale, predawn light spills into the bedroom. I blink at the sudden brightness. The vessel’s listening to my thoughts, trying to anticipate my needs.
So much for keeping anything to myself.
“Thanks,” I murmur.
You’re welcome, Master Zaytsev. We are happy to be of assistance.
I frown. The Legion Spore can’t be happy… it’s not human. But I shake my head of the thought.
It’s just a phrase.
I push myself from under the covers and cringe as my feet meet the cool ridges of the ivory walkway. I need to start the Legion Spore back toward the base. Though the Legion Spore can use its powers to create a portal large enough to accommodate itself, it’s not quite powerful enough to make it all the way back to Cuba in one go. It’ll take a few portals to get back. Once I’m there, all I have to worry about is the Camaraderie’s council meeting.
Except…
Lady Black will be there.
I splash water on my face and gasp at its coldness.
There’s nothing to worry about. Commander Rick won’t let her do anything questionable. At least, not during the meeting.
I stare at the drain and the remaining droplets of water. The commander didn’t have any qualms with Lady Winters torturing Val and me, especially before Val’s official induction into the Camaraderie. That was before I was allowed out of my temporary cell, back when Val first brought me here.
I rub my arms uncomfortably and dry my face with a rough towel. I guess that’s why they call themselves the Camaraderie of Evil. It’s for leaders like Lady Winters, a leader I don’t regret killing.

Three portal jumps later, the Legion Spore returns to the hangar in the Cuban base. The vessel teleports me onto solid ground and Val practically launches herself at me in a hug. I wrap my arms around her, thankful my uniform protects me from the metallic bits of her outfit and the little zaps of electricity.
She beams. “How’d it go?”
“Getting there.” I smile weakly, remembering this morning’s nightmare.
Val’s frizzy hair bounces as she grabs my hand and pulls me through the inner chamber between the hangar and the main hall. “The council is waiting for us,” she says. She flashes a smile and my heart flutters.
“We’ll be sitting together, right?” I ask. I can’t help wanting to be next to her… protected by her.
“Of course! And you should see the room!” She stops in front of a door, which she gracefully swings open into an ambassadorial suite. The ceiling is painted in a mural of thick oil paint with dark orange flames surrounding the remnants of a city as Special Forces fires weapons on a disparate band of costumed rebels. Oil lamps burn a yellow flame, their flickering light causing the flames to look like they’re moving. Glass chandeliers hang from the low ceiling. Their pointed, dangling ornaments nearly reach the long table, where crystal glassware adorns the surface, complimented by bouquets of baby’s breath and rubies tied with jet black ribbons. The oil lamp’s light casts shadows across striking marble statues of the first five Camaraderie members. With the low light and angular décor, the statues look ready to battle.
Lady Black sits on the other side of the table. Her black hair flows freely across her shoulders, and her crimson gown clings to her frame, exaggerating her curves. My chest tightens and anger spills through me. I picture her standing in the prison doorway, taunting me…
I quickly look away, hoping that the others haven’t caught my thoughts. It was just a nightmare… I shouldn’t let it affect me like this.
“Welcome, Master Zaytsev.” Commander Rick gestures to a chair before him and Stuart removes it for me. “Please, have a seat.” Val tugs at my elbow—she’s already seated herself. I relax against her. As long as she’s here, I’ll be fine. “Do you like the décor?”
“Impressive,” I choke out, forcing a smile. The décor—that’s easy enough to focus on. It’s a tad disturbing, given its warlike nature, but impressive nonetheless.
I thought so, too.
I start at the voice in my head, then notice Benjamin sitting in the chair at the end of the mahogany table. An assortment of tiny jewels litter the table around him as he fiddles with some sort of brass contraption. A small ruby from the cluster of flora lifts into the air and lands in his hand.
That’s better. Just the right size.
I open my mouth to ask him what he knows about the Catonian relics, and then think better of it. I doubt the commander wants me to use my time here for research, never mind that the meeting involves the primary council.
“What would you like to drink? Tea, water, or coffee?” Stuart leans in beside me. He carries a crystal platter with three pitchers. Even though I’m sure he’s read my mind and already knows what I want, the formality remains.
“Water, please.” I glance at Val, and she raises her glass in a toast. As Stuart pours the drink, I return my attention to Benjamin. A pale light emanates from him, casting his work in a white-blue glow and revealing the contours of his form despite his lack of substance. The spirit twists his lips at the same time as he twists the set of brass wires around the ruby.
“Well, m’boy, it appears the CLS Legion Spore is ready for active duty.” The commander stirs a sugar cube into his tea. “Congratulations.”
I frown. “But the Legion Spore still has glitches.”
“No fear, Master Zaytsev. A few glitches we can handle. You dealt with yesterday’s issues, and I’ll order that the Legion Spore stays outside the primary battlefield. Hubs have their difficulties, but nothing that can’t be fixed. Besides, the vessel seems to like you.”
I wring my hands under the tablecloth. “I didn’t know it had a preference.”
“Neither did we.” The commander chuckles and shares a knowing glance with Lady Black. My jaw clenches involuntarily.
“Still, the vessel responds well to your commands,” Commander Rick continues. I shove the image of the nightmare from my mind. “Thereby, I am assigning you command over the vessel during its first official mission.”
“What?” I stare at him. He can’t seriously mean battle. I’m no more trained in fighting than I was when I first came here. I can shoot a pistol, but that’s about it.
He sips his tea. “Believe me, you’re the best fit for this job. Before having your powers enhanced, you bested my most experienced techno sight agent, and he would have been the primary choice for the job with Lady Winters gone, if he hadn’t been demoted.”
A nervous laugh escapes my lips. Demoted. He’s probably in the Legion Spore.
“Now that your powers are increased,” Commander Rick adds, not denying my concerns, “you are by far the most effective tool for keeping the Legion Spore on track. Three days from now, we will launch a full-scale invasion against the Oriental Alliance. Our first target will be the training base you visited when you were with the rebels. Lady Salazar briefed us on the general layout of the place and what we can expect. You, m’boy, will instruct the Legion Spore to shut down all power to their base and render their technology ineffective.”
“Using techno sight or radiation powers?” I ask. “The Legion Spore could do a massive EMP, but that would take out our ships, too. It might hurt the Legion Spore.”
“Agreed… an electromagnetic wave would be too far-reaching.” Commander Rick swishes the liquid of his glass thoughtfully. “Use techno sight. Afterwards, you will stand by for orders. I will be on our flagship, commanding the overall mission, so I will provide instruction as necessary.”
I nod slowly. “Yes, sir. Thank you for your confidence.” I don’t feel nearly as confident as him, though. I squeeze Val’s hand under the table as he launches into a spiel about battle strategy. She pumps her fist in mine, reassuring me. Hopefully I can do this. But first, I have to do everything I can to focus on the commander. The hour drags as he goes on about tactics that don’t really affect the Legion Spore, especially since we’re supposed to hang back once the power is down. But everyone listens politely.
At the end of the commander’s spiel, Lady Black taps her stirring spoon on the edge of her glass. “While you and Master Zaytsev are engaging the Oriental Alliance, Lady Salazar and I will attend to our own mission. We have some work to do in the North American Community.” She smiles, lounging in her chair, one hand propped delicately on the armrest. A twisted knot of resentment forms in my throat. “Lady Salazar?”
Val lifts her chin proudly. I lick my lips, worried. How long will she be gone? It seems we just got back together.
“Since you two have the Legion Spore,” Val says, looking directly at me and grinning, “Lady Black thought it would be a good idea to give me experience with collecting intelligence. She’s been training me ever since I joined the council, and she thinks I’m ready for the real world.”
My chest constricts. It makes sense that’s she’s been training to be a spy, considering how we met, but the thought sends pangs of jealously running through me. I don’t really want to think about what she might have done before we met.
What she might still do.
I force a smile for her sake. “What will you be doing?”
She flips her dark hair away from her eyes. “Depends. We’ll be in the Community, so Lady Black will go as herself, and I’ll be going as the newest Head of Ecology.” She cocks her head playfully, and her pointed teeth pull on her bottom lip. “I’ll use insight to figure out who we need to talk to, and then I’ll communicate everything to Lady Black using this handy telepathy charm Benjamin made for us.”
She holds up a small lightning bolt charm made with blue apatite. It’s fitting, with her powers, though I’m not sure it quite conveys “Head of Ecology.”
Then again, Lady Winters had an elaborate flower charm that had nothing to do with being the Head of Efficiency, so I guess no one will question it. They’ll probably just think it’s some new fad the leaders have.
“…and Lady Black can persuade them to talk,” Val finishes, though I missed part of her explanation.
“Correct,” Lady Black agrees with a coy smile. The commander tugs at his mustache, unconcerned. “Her task is relatively simple, and will give us a chance to get her feet wet on more sensitive missions.”
“Why North America?” I ask.
Lady Black rests her knuckles against her cheek. “We have reports suggesting that there may be unrest there. Nothing major, but if the source is politically backed, we need to remove the parties in question.”
The pressure on my chest lightens and I smile to show support. At least the mission should be simple, like she said, and it sounds like Val won’t be doing the main interrogations. I don’t have to worry about her… seducing… anyone.
Commander Rick thumps his knuckles against the table. “Very well. I believe our meeting is adjourned.”
We stand, but before Benjamin can exit, I catch his attention. Now that the meeting is over, I have questions. He flaps his hand at me, murmuring about the properties of various minerals and stones. Yes-yes—what is it?
“When I was researching the time stones, I ran across an article about a Catonian artifact written by Victoria Calroe—” The spirit flinches and curses under his breath. I mentally add “dragon’s breath” to my list of unexpected curses that I’ve heard from the Camaraderie leaders. “The article mentioned that you determined the artifact was Catonian. What makes it Catonian?”
Benjamin removes his ghostly spectacles from the tip of his nose and pockets them in his apron. Other than the original relic looking like a cat, I can’t really say. I just know.
“How?”
He runs a hand through his spiky hair and it falls back into place, vaguely mimicking the properties of real hair. Look, Short Circuit, the thing about fourthwalling—glorified insight—is that you get answers to your questions, but they might not be what you expect. See… ask me a question. Anything.
“What should I ask?”
Forty-two.
“What?” I stare at him, confused. “What does ‘forty-two’ have to do with anything?”
That’s exactly my point. You can ask a question, but if the powers that be don’t think you’re ready for the answer, or if you don’t ask the right question, or if you don’t roll high enough… He extracts a set of oddly-shaped metal dice from his pocket. They clink against each other, more real than he is. Then your question remains unanswered, cryptically answered, or incorrectly answered. Best I can ascertain is that those artifacts—you were talking about the cat idol, correct?
I nod.
That artifact was Catonian. That’s all that came to my head, every time I asked, no matter how I asked.
“And the time stones are Catonian, too?”
Very much so. They appear to have the same properties. Same use of spirits, same use of stones, though which stones, I can’t say. Wrong power set. He shrugs, puts his dice away, then holds the contraption he’s been working on up to his eye. He’s been working on that thing since I met him, but I don’t think he’s any closer to knowing what it is.
“Thanks for the information,” I say sincerely. He juts his chin and scruffy goatee, then disappears from the room as if he knows I have no other questions for him.
Unfortunately, that means it’s time for me to meet with Lady Black.
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
The hub creates a portal directly from the Cuban base to the hall outside of Lady Black’s personal chambers, which is good, because Commander Rick’s airship is huge. The hall of the CFS Reliance stretches the length of the vessel before curving at the stern, and every facet of that hall is meticulously crafted. Lights hang from the ceiling via ornate, brass lamps. The lamps softly tick, their clockwork automation setting the time of day to yellow, flickering LEDs. The floor is inlaid with red and black carpet, woven with a dizzying pattern of loops and quadrilaterals. If I look closely enough, crossing my eyes to keep the hall from swaying, I can see a resemblance to the Elizabeth pendants worked into the design. The walls are bronze. They reflect a distorted image of myself. I quickly look away, careful not to look too long at my reflection. I don’t want another reminder of this morning’s dream. But when I don’t look directly at the wall, flickering shadows reveal etchings in the bronze, more scenes from a Victorian era. A carriage pulled by horses, a gentleman offering a lady a handkerchief—
An etching down the hall shows a woman commanding a pack of hounds using beast mastery, one hand across her brow, the other reached toward the animals. The dogs leap beside decorated soldiers with fire and water springing from their hands. They’re facing what appears, in all its oddity, to be mechs. But powers didn’t come around until the 1950s, so this scene must be a stylized portrait of the fight between the Camaraderie and the Oriental Alliance.
“Fascinating, aren’t they?”
I turn. Lady Black stands just outside her door, one hand propped against the frame. “When I was a child,” she says, “I used to spend hours looking at impressions like these.”
“They’re… very imaginative.”
She looks to the pictures. Her silky black hair falls across her dark, forest green dress. Like me, she’s changed outfits since the meeting. Her dress is made from shimmering, graceful satin. Unlike her usual attire, this dress completely covers her neck and shoulders, fastened by a simple, black lace choker. A matching green sash, trimmed with black ribbon, cascades over her arms, held in place at the crook of her elbows.
“Imaginative. I suppose you could say that.” She rights herself, waving her fingers over her head. “Come in.”
My chest tightens. Val hasn’t gone into much detail about Lady Black’s training methods, and I’m not sure what Commander Rick might have asked her to cover.
Or uncover.
I cringe, but Lady Black doesn’t notice. She’s not a telepath.
The lady’s chambers aren’t much different than the hall. Basked in flickering lamplight, the velvet, crimson upholstery is complimented with smooth, stained black wood. There’s a fireplace of glowing pink marble in the wall. I’ve never actually considered anyone having a fireplace on an airship, but it’s the Camaraderie, so why not?
Lady Black glides to a bar beside the fireplace, removes two champagne glasses, and uncaps a swanlike decanter. She pours one glass, the amber liquid sloshing expertly below the rim. She holds up the flask. “Drink?”
I shake my head abruptly. “No thanks.”
Lady Black removes a small pitcher from a beverage cooler beneath the bar—which, when opened, seems out of place in the otherwise estate-like room—and pours ice water into the glass. She hands the glass to me.
The ice chinks loudly in my shaky hands.
She spares it a glance. “My dear Master Zaytsev, you don’t have to be so nervous. I don’t bite.” I stiffen as she brushes her fingers along the pendant on my chest, then takes a moment to straighten it. “Please, have a seat.” She gestures to one of two giant, plush armchairs.
I sit on the edge, steadying my glass between both hands while she lounges against the cushions, her legs crossed with one foot pointing a moderately high heel in the air. She taps her chin and sizes me up, gathering her thoughts about whatever she plans to say next. She opens her mouth to speak, but I’m distracted by a flurry of movement behind her.
“My… lady?” My eyes widen.
She leans over the arm of the chair and sighs. “Beasts,” she murmurs. She claps her hands, and the two creatures behind her freeze. I shift uncomfortably. Judging by their ethereal beauty, they’re both persuasion beasts. One is a female with dark skin, and the other is a male with a coppery tan. Both have the standard cat-eyes and slightly pointed ears.
Lady Black clears her throat, and the two beasties lope to us to stand on either side of her chair. I sink into my seat, woefully inadequate compared to either of them. Both are slender, with lean muscles. The female wears a sheer, sky blue fabric across her chest and waist. The gossamer robes flutter around her knees. The male has a loose silk jacket that ties at his waist, but it opens in a “V” that reveals most of his chiseled chest.
I lower my eyes to my glass as heat flares in my cheeks. I sip the water. Maybe she won’t notice my embarrassment.
A clear laugh rings out and the lady’s eyes twinkle. She seems young. Early thirties, maybe?
“What’s the matter, Master Zaytsev? Never seen a persuasion beast before?”
My cheeks grow warmer. “Well, I have, but—”
She nudges the male. “Go on,” she whispers. “See if he’ll play.”
“If I’ll—what?”
Before I have a chance to imagine what she might have in mind, the beast is at my side, holding a crude instrument in his hands. He drops it unceremoniously in my lap, then stares at me. Puppy-dog eyes, for all their golden, feline slits.
“Uh—what is it?” I hold up the instrument. It’s shaped from an old tissue box, with four wires strung through and across what might have once been the stem of a champagne glass.
The lady rests her cheek against her knuckles as she runs her free hand through the female beast’s glossy hair. The beast flops at the lady’s feet, attentive. “I came here one night and found him working on this. He had an interest in music before his transformation. His memories are gone, but his original skills remain.”
I nod, gaping at the instrument. My skin feels clammy. I’m not sure whether my stage fright is caused by the three stares I’m receiving or the strange, near-human nature of the beast. Tentatively, I pluck a string. A harsh plunk resounds through the box. I cringe, but the beast grins and looks between me, the box, and me again. When I stop playing, he pouts.
I quickly resume playing the horrid instrument, if only to please him.
“Well done,” Lady Black says, and I jerk to awareness as the beast snatches a gingersnap from her hand with his teeth before dashing around the corner and out of sight. “Take this, please?” She gently pries the crude instrument from my hands and passes it to the waiting female. The beast takes it, and then disappears, hardly making a sound as she treads on the balls of her bare feet. I gape at Lady Black, who also offers me a cookie.
“What just—what just happened?”
She quirks a smile. “Persuasion beasts are not always used for sexual purposes, Master Zaytsev. They can be quite convincing when they want the unsuspecting stranger to entertain them.”
“I—”
Her smile broadens. “Take the cookie. I’ll explain.”
I take it, then wonder if she used her powers. “How—”
“Simply be glad you have never encountered a child who developed enhanced charisma at an early age. I hear they are quite adorable, and very hard to deny.” The skin crinkles at the edge of her eyes, the first signs of age.
“You?” I nibble at the cookie and sip the water. Most of the ice has melted. How long was I playing that handmade instrument?
Lady Black chuckles, neither answering nor denying my question. “Persuasion is an elusive technique, best used on the unaware.”
“So… how do you detect it?” I wiggle back in the chair.
She sets the drink on the table and then lays her hands on her knee. “You can’t, unless you’re a telepath. Or the instigator is doing a poor job. You must simply be on guard, and be aware of when you are asked to act against your better judgment. A trick of the charismatic is to make you think you want exactly what they are persuading you to do.”
I nod slowly. “How do you block it?”
She strokes the edge of the chair, her eyes distant. I resist turning in my chair to see what she’s looking at.
“Depends. Logical reasoning is one method—reminding yourself to distinguish need from desire. But sometimes, the trick is to set yourself a mental haven to which you may retreat. This is most important against telepathy. The target creates a simulation so strong they need only focus on their haven, and their focus cannot be broken. Some tell riddles. Others sing repetitive, obnoxious songs, and yet others create a world in their mind, which only they can visit.”
I frown. “What method do you use?”
She draws a strand of hair between her thumb and index finger. “I have multiple techniques, each suited for a different situation. With Lady Winters, I found that the world method worked best. When I was a child, I often heard nursery rhymes and old tales. I elaborated on that world and created a boundary. I know each story by heart, and I know how each story ends. Even if a telepath were to twist that image, something inside me always knows the boundaries. It becomes that much harder to convince me of the lie.”
Like the OA scout… except Lady Black probably had more training if she was able to thwart Lady Winters.
“Commander Rick, however, projects songs with his thoughts,” she continues. “You could tell when he was blocking Lady Winters by when you heard ballads playing softly in your head.” She taps her forehead. “He still sings them now that she’s dead, but for enjoyment.”
I force a smile. “What would you suggest for me?”
“Only you can decide that. Since your primary power is techno sight, you might consider something to do with programming or computers. Perhaps a game you can play. Have you ever tried playing solitaire in your head? Imagine remembering all the combinations and suits while someone is trying to gain access to some deep, dark secret.” The lady lowers her chin, flashing an alluring smile, and I quickly turn my thoughts to the card game. It’s not as hard as she makes it out to be, but then, I have enhanced intelligence in my favor.
She has me test the theory, practicing the game in my head until I think I’ve got it ready, and then sets out to convince me to do menial tasks for her. While she doesn’t convince me to clean the glasses or clean the bathroom (thankfully I have Tetris as a backup when solitaire gets redundant), I’m all too thrilled to take a stab at speeding up her computer—
At which she reminds me that persuasion is best done when the target actually wants the desired outcome.
“Sometimes it is simpler to maneuver your intended target towards your goal before you make the final push with persuasion.” She smiles as I inch from her computer, heat settling in my cheeks. “The less aware your target is, the more likely you are to succeed in persuading them to do as you ask.”
She lays a gentle hand on mine. A tingle of excitement zips through my arm. I hold my breath. Nervousness floods my chest. “Don’t worry, Master Zaytsev. With practice, and time, you will be able to avoid most inept telepaths.”
Inept being the key word.
“Now, let’s try something a little more serious.” She lifts my chin with the tip of her finger. For a moment I’m kneeling in the cold prison cell, Lady Black standing before me, preparing to take my secrets…
I push aside the nightmare. “Serious?”
The corners of her lips turn to a smile. “I’m going to try to seduce you. Your job is to not be seduced.”
Community, no…
My heart stops as she takes both my hands in hers and pulls me from the chair. She tilts her head, her silky hair falling across one eye.
Not this. Please not this…
“It’s perfectly all right, dear.” She runs her hand behind my ear, then through my hair. I shiver. She’s so beautiful…
“I remember the picture you had me sign in the Community,” she whispers.
Burning embarrassment surges through me. The image is a famous one—Lady Black posed in a bikini, lying against a portrait of the rising sun cog. Her face was lit with soft shadows and soft highlights, her hair tossed in the wind as she looked up into the camera.
She throws her head back and laughs. “You remember it well, don’t you?” She lets go of my hand and spins away, her dress flowing across her curves. She reaches for the clasps on the back of her choker, and then bats her eyes at me. “Tim, could you be a dear and help me with this?”
I swallow hard. Of course. Just… help her with the choker. I reach for the clasps, pausing at the smooth line of her back, and then I unfasten the hooks, my fingers trailing across the hidden zipper.
I yelp as she spins on her heel and her hand slaps mine.
“That—” she snaps, “is how not to succeed against my powers. Let’s try this again, shall we?” Her eyes are sharp, narrow, all trace of playfulness gone.
My mind is numb. She could have—
Val.
What if I fail?
“Are you sure—”
She crosses her arms. “You have a girlfriend, Master Zaytsev. A leader in the Camaraderie. You two seem to have a close relationship.”
Her voice is flat. This training could make a mess of everything.
I gulp. “Yes.”
She sneers at me. “How fortunate. If you wish to maintain said relationship, I suggest you pay attention.”
Gone is the woman who flaunts her attractiveness across the Community. Gone is the seductress who interrogates prisoners as playthings. Gone is the “airhead” Jenna saw when the lady visited St. Petersburg three months ago.
Lady Black crosses her arms and towers over me. Her lips press together in a firm line; her eyes question me and my motivations.
This is Lady Black.
“Now, Tim,” she says, her voice hard, “this time I’m not going to slap you.” She reaches across the bed behind her and removes her signature weapon from the covers—a curling bull whip of black leather. “This will hurt considerably worse.”
She casts the whip outward in a single arc, reels it over her head, and cracks it at her side. I stumble backward and lose my balance. The lady holds her chin high, her face drawn with malice and pride in the flickering light. With the long dress draping across the floor, she looks something like a warrior witch out of one of the rebel’s comics.
She’s powerful—and incredibly sexy.
“For the love of Benjamin, Tim—” Lady Black sighs, rubbing her temples and shaking her head. “I’m not even using my powers yet.”
I snap my mouth shut. I’m on the floor gaping at her, and I must be bright red. This is not helping my case at all. And Val—what would Val think of me? I’m failing her.
No wonder Jenna thought Val seduced me.
Lady Black extends her hand to me. “Come on,” she says, softer this time. I stand. She comes closer to me, wrapping her arm around my waist and bringing us so close that her body presses against mine. “You have to make a choice,” she whispers, her voice as soft as velvet. “Me or Val.”
I waver. The sleeves of her dress enfold me, trickling around me like a gentle creek. Lady Black. I could actually be with—
Pain flares across my shoulders and I drop at her feet. I gasp for air. There’s water in my eyes—I can’t breathe. The pain—
Lady Black snorts. “Get up, Timothy. We have a lot of work to do.”
CHAPTER NINETEEN
Hours later—at least, that’s what it feels like, though the grandfather clock across the room suggests I’ve only been training for two and a half—Lady Black decides it’s time for a break. She offers me a glass of water, which I gratefully accept.
One of those hours was nothing but her come-ons and me being sent sprawling across the floor in pain. Now I’m resting on her bed.
The glass of water wobbles in my hand, spilling icy liquid across the bed sheets. I take three tries to bring the water to my lips. The lady sits across from me, frowning as I hand back the glass. I lay my head on the pillow. Even the silkiness is lost to the tight wounds on my back and shoulders. The constant ache forces my fingers shut and I clutch at the fringed edge of the pillow. Thankfully, the commander warned me not to wear my uniform to the training session. The fabric would be in shreds.
“Why don’t we talk about something else?” she suggests.
My nod alone sends heat running across my shoulders. Blood. There’s blood on the smooth covers. Will she have the covers replaced, or simply sterilize the sheets?
“Let’s talk about you,” she says.
“Me?” I croak.
She lifts the water glass to my lips, and I drink from it before sinking back into the ocean of fabric.
“Your experiences.”
I grimace at the thought of moving.
She flaps her hand at me. “Oh, very well. Take your rest. Leave me to do all the talking.”
I close my eyes, appreciative. She can jabber all she wants. Her airy voice is soothing. I drift—
“Tim. Stay alert.”
I jerk awake, and the movement sparks pain throughout my back. Her voice is gentle, for all that’s its firm. I grit my teeth, tears in my eyes.
“Yes?”
She nods approvingly. “Do you know where I learned the technique? Focusing on what the target wants in order to persuade them?” She eyes the overhead paintings thoughtfully. “Nickolai was a wonderful teacher, really. ’Twas a shame he deserted the Community before he could have joined us.”
I raise an eyebrow. “Nickolai—Jenna’s grandfather?”
She snorts. “He understands how we work. That’s why he’s so difficult to catch.”
My eyelids weigh heavy against my eyes, and I struggle to keep them open. “That’s why you want Jenna.”
“Of course.” She traces the carving in the cherrywood table beside her. “The girl’s powers are worthless. But who she is demands considerable attention. Nickolai has lost loved ones already, and he would loathe losing her as well.”
“Capture her, and he’ll try a rescue.” That’s why he showed up three months ago—to prevent her from being taken by the Camaraderie.
The lady’s mouth tightens into a frown. “Maybe. Her capture alone would not prompt a response. The threat of transformation holds more weight.”
Heat flares through me. Jenna is no longer my ally, but I still wouldn’t wish that on her.
“If we threaten to use one of the older processes,” Lady Black continues, “the threat is even greater.”
My fingers clutch Val’s locket and the light bulb charm around my neck. “Older?”
Lady Black smiles wryly, her attention on some painting beside the bed. “The irony would not be lost on the old man. He worked to perfect the formula, to make it more efficient. He also made it more… humane.”
I reach to the database with my mind and touch the files on beast transformation. Many of the files are encrypted, but the ones I need aren’t. The latest process causes memory loss during the second phase, the tanks. The procedure also numbs the subject after forty-three seconds, preventing them from feeling pain. A quick search reveals that the process before this did neither. Subjects were lucky if they passed out, and the memory loss didn’t occur until the actual transformation.
Lady Black smooths her dress at her thigh. “Get what you need?”
I attempt a nod.
“Good. Now imagine if we were to threaten the older process on Nickolai’s granddaughter. If he refused to turn himself in, we could give him full access to see and hear the process as it occurs. We could delay the process, if need be. He would have two options: attempt a rescue, in which we capture and then interrogate him for the information regarding the whereabouts of his Coalition of Freedom, or he can ignore his granddaughter’s torment. If he ignores her, his team will turn on him and, either way, his rebellion falls apart.” Lady Black traces the rim of her glass and flicks the dangly beadwork on the edge of the lamp. I grit my teeth, hating the idea. “Alternatively, we capture someone Jenna is fond of, and threaten the same. Who’s that boy she likes… Lance?”
I’m stiff. Numb. “She’d go after him.”
“Exactly. Do you see why it’s so vital we don’t forget Jenna’s part in the rebellion?”
“Sounds like something Lady Winters would do,” I say coldly.
“It should.” The lady snorts. “That plan was hers. Except she misjudged her situation and got herself shot.”
I drag my fingers across the warm covers for comfort. “Lady Winters should have captured Jenna, not tortured her.” My voice is hard, and from the raised eyebrow it earns from Lady Black, I realize I sound too defensive. “Torture hasn’t really worked well for the Camaraderie, has it?”
The corner of her lips twist into a wry smile. “Not particularly. The Coalition would look at Jenna as a martyr and simply renew their efforts, futile as they are. Do they still use the thief’s symbol?”
I don’t answer. She already knows they do—the blue stick figure over an upside down “U.” Story has it that one of the Camaraderie’s original members, a thief, deserted them to assist in the formation of the Coalition. The thief was caught and tortured, but rather than breaking, she laughed at her tormentor. One of the rebels got hold of photographic proof of the incident and the thief’s defiance became the Coalition’s symbol.
Lady Black sets her glass aside. “Are you rested yet? We have a lesson to attend to.”
My muscles clench. I’m nowhere near ready to resume her lesson. “My lady…”
“Yes, Master Zaytsev?” she croons, leaning over me and cradling my head in her hands. “Do you still have an allegiance to the Coalition?”
I blink, taken by surprise. “What? No—”
She touches her forehead to mine, her nose to my nose. Her breath is warm. Soothing. “You’re so defensive of Jenna—perhaps this relationship with Val is simply a ruse to distract us from your real concern.” Her form blurs, and a moment later Jenna sits on the bed beside me—except she’s wearing a far more extravagant dress than I’ve ever seen Jenna wear.
Anger flares through me and I pull away. I roll to the other side of the bed, ignoring the pain in my back. “Of course not. I love Val!”
“Love is inefficient, Tim.” Jenna-Lady Black stands, one hand on her hip. “Val was just using you, anyway. She never cared for you like I did.”
I grit my teeth, pushing my feet off the bed and trying to stand before the lady makes it to my side. I don’t make it. Jenna-Lady Black leans into me and pins me against the wall. “Take off your shirt, Tim. Your wounds will get infected.”
Reasonable enough. I reach for the edge of the shirt, and then gasp as pain rolls through my back at the motion. It’s enough to bring clarity to my mind. Her claims may be reasonable, but that’s not why she wants me to take off my clothes.
“Tim…” Lady Black returns to her usual form—maybe a tad more attractive than before—and eases her body beside me, looping her fingers under my shirt’s edge. I try to pull away, but stumble in a heap of bloody rags on the floor. I grunt, frustrated, and finally pull the thing off. It’s of no use to me now.
She kneels beside me. “There you go, Tim. You are the handsome one, aren’t you?”
This morning’s dream comes flooding back like an icy memory. My knees press against hard metal; my hands are chained behind my back. A desire… a very strong desire to resist knots in my chest.
“Come, Tim. Forget the Coalition and Jenna. Right now it’s you… and me.” She reaches her fingers under my chin, pulling me toward a kiss.
Without meaning to, I swing my hand at her, which she catches deftly.
Her smile broadens.
“Congratulations, Master Zaytsev. You seem to be getting the hang of this.”
She stands, turning away from me while I collapse against the oak frame of the bed. The plush carpet sinks beneath me.
It’s stained with my blood.
“Though I must say…” She taps her chin and gives me worried look. “I’m a bit concerned it took reminding you of the Coalition to build the resistance you needed.”
I stare at her. She’s not a telepath, so she doesn’t know it was the dream that caused the distraction. I close my eyes and take deep breaths. Either way, I did it. I evaded her persuasion.
“Stuart? Please call in a healer.” Lady Black glances at me from the intercom on the wall. “We’re done.”
Thank the Community it’s over.
CHAPTER TWENTY
Once the healer has mended my wounds, I take the privilege of a hot shower. After that, I barely have an hour before I’m supposed to meet the commander for the ball. I find a complete suit waiting on my bed, tuxedo included, with a note from Stuart to call if I need assistance. Though I attempt to dress myself, I’m still not entirely sure I’ve fastened everything right or even got the right shoe on the right foot. It doesn’t help that, despite the healer’s assurance that the whip didn’t leave any scars, my back still hurts.
Stuart, thankfully, has formal dressing down to an art. Within a few minutes he has everything organized, tucked, and even the emerald pendant skillfully placed so it peeks from underneath my coal-black jacket. The servant pins a small, rising sun cog to the lapel, then nods once. “Very good. The commander will be pleased.” He beckons me into the hall, and I rush to keep up with his long, proper stride.
“Is Val coming with us, or will she meet us there?” I fidget to keep a carnation from falling out of my breast pocket.
“Lady Salazar will meet us at the hub, as shall Lady Black and the commander,” he tells me. “One moment, I need my hat.” He cuts into a separate hall, and I stagger to a halt. For all that he’s bald, I’ve never seen him cover his head.
Stuart returns with a felt top hat and a riding whip tucked under one arm, white gloves tucked under the other. He tips his hat, his eyes gleaming. “Well then, let’s not keep the good commander waiting.” He takes the lead, and I realize he’s switched out his simple butler jacket for something with a long tailcoat and gold buttons.
High spirits indeed.
At the hub, Commander Rick already has the coordinates logged in. He’s decked out in full military uniform. His medals and pins rattle and clink as he moves. “The ladies are already waiting at the stable, and I believe we still have time for a short drive before our arrival.”
“Stable?” I ask.
Before the commander has a chance to respond, Stuart ushers me through the portal and I’m greeted by warm, damp air and a large stagecoach that’s been polished to a glossy black sheen. The Lady of the Cog silhouette has been painted in gold on the coach’s side, presented by two large Clydesdales, both groomed with golden bells jingling on their halters. Both creatures are black with dark fringe around their gilded hooves.
“After you.” Commander Rick smiles, his snowy mustache twitching in response to my slack-jawed astonishment.
Stuart unlatches the door for us and hops onto the driver’s bench with relative ease, and then rubs his hands together before taking the reins. “At your leisure, Commander.” He bows his head. The commander chuckles and gestures for me to go first.
I pull myself into the coach. The inside is upholstered in crisp red velvet. Cloth buttons are sewn into the cushions. Lady Black and Val sit on the same side, and I scoot next to the window, opposite Val. Her face shines back at me, kind and full of warmth. Her hair is gathered into a mound of loose curls. Diamond and ruby earrings hang from her ears. She smooths her silver-sequined dress and self-consciously readjusts the ruby pendant around her neck. The movement jostles the silvery sash tucked around the bronze skin of her elbows. I let out a breath. “Val…”
She grins, showing her fangs. “Lady Black helped.”
Though I cringe at the mention of Lady Black, the lady looks impressive as well. A long, black gown emphasizes her curves but reveals very little. Her hair is pulled back in a cascading ripple, rings of diamonds tied into it like little stars.
Both of them, I imagine, will look dazzling outside of this coach’s clockwork lamplight.
I return my gaze to Val. “You look amazing.”
She giggles. Her cheeks are a furious red. “So do you, Master Zaytsev.” She teases me with the name, a reminder that we’re both going to the ball for a formal presentation. Our presentation. My heart skips a beat. This will make our leadership official.
Commander Rick joins us inside. A flurry of emerald feathers erupts beside him before he swings the door shut. Cynthia squawks once, then readjusts herself on his shoulder. “Let’s be off,” he says. He raps his knuckles on the wood board behind us, and the coach lurches forward, wheels clacking against a lumpy brick road and mixing with the melody of the horses’ bells.
It’s like we’re outside of time itself.
“Indeed, Master Zaytsev.” The commander slaps my shoulder fondly. “The presentation is something of a formality, but we have always loved a good show.” He clasps his hands on his knees, sitting back while the bird shapeshifts into a ferret and curls around his neck. Given my introduction to Cynthia, and the commander’s idea of a good show then, I guess I shouldn’t be surprised.
As the drive continues, Val peers at the outside world from behind the heavy brocades and lets out a breath. I follow her gaze. The sun is beginning to set, blanketing everything with a rosy orange hue, clouds like red smudges against the sky. The street is empty, cleared by Special Forces for our entry, but the lights of Havana twinkle in the distance. On the other side is sun-kissed ocean. Even the red brick is imprinted with rising sun cogs here and there, and a fresh, salty breeze skirts through the open window.
I inhale deep. I have no words to explain the astonishing realization that I’ve actually managed to succeed in securing a path greater than myself, and that I’ve found someone to love and to be beside me. The lovely young woman who’s taken a liking to me almost seems foreign now. She’s wearing silvery, arm-length gloves. Just a hint of makeup to add color to her cheeks in the fading light. Her dark brown eyes are open wide with wonder. For the first time since I’ve met her, she’s experiencing that wonder for herself, not just showing the newcomer, me, to sights she’s already seen. Her lips part, softly whispering in Spanish as she stares out at the ocean, her skin tinted in the fiery gold of sunset. It’s like I’ve only just met her today. At the same time, I can’t imagine life before her. She’s always been there, even if she hasn’t. And I didn’t mess it up. Training with Lady Black… I could have messed everything up, but I didn’t.
A smile tugs at my lips. I can’t wait to see Val in the ballroom lights. She’s told me the stories she’s heard about the Camaraderie’s balls and how nothing can compare. How curious onlookers try to find lookout points from kilometers away to see what they might spot through a well-placed pair of binoculars, but how few ever get past the guards.
Val has been waiting her whole life for this. Me? I only discovered that this kind of life even existed a couple months ago.

Too soon we arrive at the mansion, and once the coach stops, Cynthia—again in bird form—swoops out and lands in a crouch on the walkway. She poises as a magnificent leopard, her fur pristine and a jeweled collar around her neck. She lets out a massive roar, drawing a surprised start from numerous diplomats in the crowd, but none of them seem particularly alarmed. Their conversations quiet and they turn. Stuart steps from his seat and announces our arrival, his voice proper in both ear and mind.
Ladies and gentleman, I have the great honor of presenting Lady Emily Black and Lady Valerie Salazar. Master Timothy Zaytsev, and our ruling Commander Gerald Rick.
My heart drums in my ears as Stuart bows, and then helps Lady Black and Val exit the carriage. Lady Black waves sensually as the crowd claps, lit in the fierce glow of the setting sun. Val adds flare to her dress in a shimmering crackle of electricity. The sequins of her dress send off multicolored fragments of shattered light, each dancing along the red carpet that leads to a massive set of open, carved doors.
Waltzing music filters from the mansion’s latticed windows, each glass pane reflecting gold. Giant columns rise before the door. They’re decorated in red and black ribbons that curl to the carpet. Huge pennants tower from the three-story height of the mansion and flutter against the ocean breeze. Towering, amazing… Stuart gave me a few basic lessons on dancing in what spare time we had, but he didn’t tell me about this.
“After you, m’boy,” the commander whispers, the fondness evident in his voice.
I almost stumble as I take my place beside Val. There are so many people. They’re looking at us. Evaluating us. Sending notes about us on EYEnet, though none of this will be seen in the Community. Commander Rick assured me that we will have a separate ceremony there, and when we do, I’ll have a chance to see my family.
We follow Lady Black to the courtyard of the mansion, and there are leaders everywhere. They wear tuxedos and military garb. Formal gowns—some more revealing than others. Special Forces wear uniforms more ceremonial than practical. Some guests dance arm-in-arm while attendants pass between them, offering crystal glasses with expensive brands of wine and cordials. The guests laugh amongst themselves at inside jokes or press each other on political matters, while ahead, Lady Black softly points out the preferred fashions of leadership to Val. How the ladies wear their hair or the men fold their handkerchiefs. How the medallions of a leader are dead giveaways to their rank and honors.
How they look at us, too.
The guests from Mexico and Russia give us wide smiles and hearty applause, while others daintily clap and raise their chins, curious as to who have taken the roles of international E-Leadership. Never have I been in a place with so many highly-esteemed people at once.
Commander Rick places a hand on my shoulder. “Welcome to the Camaraderie of Evil, Master Zaytsev. This way.” He ushers me to a couple of men standing on the other side of the fluttering ribbons. One of them is a broad-chested man with a groomed beard and the weary lines of age mapping his face. “Governor Alejandro, good to see you again.”
The governor bows, his eyes never leaving Commander Rick. “Likewise, Commander.” His voice is heavily accented, more so than Val’s. He smiles pleasantly and adjusts his tuxedo as he straightens. “I assume this is the new of Head of Efficiency?”
He takes one look at me and I flinch. Though he seems friendly enough, he has a heavy telepathic hand, and I have just a moment to think of Lady Black’s instructions from earlier today before Commander Rick intervenes and the suffocating feeling evaporates.
Tetris. I think I’ll try picturing dancing tetromino blocks. Maybe that will help.
“Indeed. He’s an excellent programmer, if I do say so myself.” The commander smirks, though I wish I could hide in his shadow rather than stand beside him.
“He could use some work on his defenses.” The governor takes a sip of his wine. “I would be happy to offer my assistance, should he be interested.”
While I don’t think he’s trying to be unfriendly, I get the vibe that he wants something out of the deal. Possibly secrets, learned from training. Secrets like—
Tetris.
I blink. I’m not sure if it was me or the commander who had that thought, but Governor Alejandro nods approvingly. “Very good, Master Zaytsev. You’ll want to keep your mind from wandering around these parts. There are many curious telepaths who enjoy their daily gossip.” He toasts his wine to me. “Congratulations on your recent induction into the Camaraderie. Very few have such an opportunity.”
“Thank you,” I say, though I feel small, withdrawn into a tiny shell. “I appreciate your kind words.”
He nods. “If you ever need me, I am certain we can find contact. I am the governor for the Central American territories. Perhaps Lady Salazar will encourage negotiations between Governess Alvarez and myself.”
“Thank you, but at the moment I’m simply trying to get acclimated.” I force a smile. I don’t like this attention. They know so much more than me and… and I don’t know what in the Community I’m supposed to be doing.
Getting acquainted, Master Zaytsev. You’re doing as well as can be expected, Stuart’s thoughts float to me, a gentle poke. I automatically turn to see where he’s standing, but he’s blending with the crowd.
The governor takes my lapse in attention as our conversation’s end, so he bids me and the commander a good evening before disappearing with his friend. Once he’s gone, I turn to Commander Rick. “What did he mean about telepaths and daily gossips?”
The commander motions to the lingering guests. “Do you see how many of them keep a close attendant at their side? Some as ambassadors, others as personal servants?”
Now that he mentions it, very few of them remain alone. Or if they do, I can draw lines to those keeping a close eye on them. I link my mind into the security cameras around the mansion. Everywhere, they’re being watched. Whether by their own attendants, or someone else’s… hard to say.
“Telepaths are highly employable, though the profession can be dangerous if someone is crossed,” the commander explains. “Telepaths can learn secrets from other leaders or protect allies from wandering thoughts.” He pats my shoulder. “Common practice, I assure you. Even the three of you are kept guarded,” he says, gesturing to Val and Lady Black, “by Stuart and members of Special Forces. We don’t want our confidential information falling into the wrong hands, now do we?”
“The wrong hands?” I pause. “But aren’t we allies? Territory and Community… what have we got to gain from working against each other?”
The commander solemnly accepts a glass from a passing waiter. “There are plenty who had hoped for a position such as yours. As you said, Lady Winters was power hungry and manipulative, and there are many others like her. They are exceptional in their work, but they don’t have the good intentions you do. Enjoy the ball, but be on your guard. This is as much an introduction to the Camaraderie as it is a learning experience regarding the politics you will soon frequent.” He straightens his back and looks across the shifting crowd. The sun slowly sinks across the stone wall before the street and into the bay. Giant lights power on behind us, humming with life as they cast brilliant discs over the Camaraderie pennants. The white walls of the mansion gleam, and golden light spills from the huge windows. More people filter inside while others continue to talk amongst themselves in the growing dark.
“I do believe Lady Salazar is waiting for a dance.” Commander Rick winks at me and pushes me in her direction, then disappears into the throng of elegant suits and gowns.
I lick my lips, worried I’m going to lose Val in the crowd, but it’s impossible to lose someone with a sparkling, silver dress as the sun is falling. I slip to her side. “There you are,” I whisper.
She smiles. “Lady Black just finished introducing me to the president of the South American Community. Nice lady—she says we make a cute couple.” I blush as Val holds up her arm. I link my elbow with hers. “Shall we dance?” she asks. She gives me a full-faced grin that I’d never be able to deny. 
“Yes,” I say, bouncing on my feet. “We shall.”
She giggles, and we head inside.
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
Inside, music swirls off the walls. There’s no doubt who is hosting the event. Crystal chandeliers larger than any car hang from a ceiling that’s punctuated by red and black pennants. Gold fireworks play across the fresco. I mentally check the roster of one of the workers and find that the fireworks are made by illusionists—radiation elementals.
Cynthia flies above the crowd and over a set of elegant ice sculptures, each designed to represent the primary council members of the Camaraderie. Val. Lady Black. Commander Rick.
Me.
“Ready?” Val whispers. I take her hand, careful not to catch the strap of her dress when I place my other hand along her shoulder blade. “Stuart said to listen to the music. Count the beats. One-two-three. One—” We fall into line, her laughing as I trip over my feet, but we somehow manage not to topple into the other leaders. I didn’t have as much time to practice as she did.
Easy. Count. Step. Follow her lead. She knows what she’s doing.
Heat rushes to my cheeks but I do as Stuart suggests. Though Val misses the occasional step, she manages to keep us moving to the beat of the fast waltz. When it comes time to turn, I break out laughing and shake my head. “I don’t think so.”
“Oh come on!” Val pulls close, her body warm against mine, and she challenges me with a grin. “I bet you can do it.” She wraps herself in my arms and then spins back out—right into the waiting hand of a middle-aged man in a dark blue suit.
Val takes a startled half-step back, but the man doesn’t let go. He tips his head politely. “Might I have this dance?” He’s in his mid-forties, with a deep chest and trimmed brown hair and a mustache. He’s taller than both of us. “You look stunning, my lady. The sequins suit you.”
I scowl, already disliking him.
“At the moment I’m dancing with Tim—Master Zaytsev.” Val attempts to pull her hand from his, but he doesn’t let go. “In case you hadn’t noticed.”
A smile snakes across his lips. “There will be plenty of time for him later.”
I start to protest, but he slips his hand around her waist and pulls her the opposite direction. “Right now, you have opportunities to consider. Leaders to consult.” He pauses as she goes rigid. I push my way after them through the dancers. “Perhaps we should take some time to get know each other. Allow me to properly introduce myself. Secretary of State Erickson, for the United States of America’s Community Division.”
Val snorts. “I am Lady Valerie Amorita Salazar, international leader of the Camaraderie of Evil.” A tiny spark of electricity shoots from her fingers. Erickson yelps and jerks his hand away from her waist. “Keep in mind,” Val snaps, “that I don’t need to be anywhere near my targets, and there is a lot of electricity in this room.”
He twists his lips and bows curtly. “Of course, my lady. I meant no harm—”
She rolls her eyes and returns to me. “Where were we?” She takes my hand and I follow her lead, back into the well-timed dance. The Secretary of State motions to an attendant, and the two talk quietly amongst themselves as he glares my direction.
Keep your thoughts guarded, Stuart notes. He may not be a telepath, but his attendant is. I believe they are debating whether or not to pursue political relations. Not a bad idea, given the potential for unrest in the Americas, but I do not think you are in a good position to try reverse espionage.
Got it, I think mentally, since I know he can read me. Thanks.
You are quite welcome.
There is one thing I can do, though. Both Erickson and his attendant have cell phones, and hacking into their microphones is as easy as reprogramming a light dimmer. In short order, I have the basics of their discussion. Erickson has already determined that Val is unfriendly, but he’s hoping that I might be a bit more reasonable in my “Camaraderie duties.”
As it stands, he’s one of the North American Community’s biggest advocates of using the Health Scan to choose potential targets for beasts that can be sold off in various vocations, which brings the Community a bit of funding in return. Evidently, he’s had more than a few conversations with Lady Winters.
He’s hoping I’ll be similar.
I remove my presence from his cell phone. Val and I continue dancing, though her brooding expression suggests she hasn’t forgotten her encounter with Erickson.
“Do you want to dance somewhere else?” I ask.
She shakes her head. “There’s no room.”
I glance around. The whole, giant space crawls with ambassadors. There’s walking room, but not much. Erickson sends his attendant on her way, and then slips back toward us.
“Perhaps we got off on the wrong foot,” he apologizes. Val raises her chin and continues to dance. Another spin… and Erickson gracefully steps out of our way, for all that he looks a bit like a bull. “I forget that neither of you have much experience in the politics of this arena, and—”
“Mr. Secretary,” Val says, stopping so abruptly that I almost topple into her. “If you know as much about us as I suspect you know, then you know I have insight, and that I practice knowing exactly what a person wants. While I suspect you are interested in political favors, I also suspect that your means of procuring those favors would find its way into a bedroom, and you, quite frankly, are not my type.”
He recoils as if she’s slapped him, and then quickly dismisses the notion with a nervous laugh. “You are mistaken, my lady. I am interested solely in the political affairs of my country.” He motions to me. “Word on the street suggests that you are responsible for the untimely death of Lady Winters.”
I bristle, though I try to keep my thoughts on colorful, falling blocks. I do my best not to picture any of them landing on Erickson’s head, but it serves as a fair distraction. I’m not sure how much the commander has actually told the outside world about Lady Winters’ death.
“Removing Lady Winters was a bold move, to be sure.” Erickson continues. “I have worked with her in the past and found her methods to be quite efficient, and I wish to continue our negotiations in regards to the provision of subjects for transformation. If I could have a word—”
I take a deep breath and look him in the eye. “I plan on improving the Community as a whole… not just the Health Scan. Once I’ve had a chance to access the current state of my position, then I will determine what needs to be taken care of. I’m a computer programmer, not a scientist. I imagine there are others better suited to improving the state of beast production.”
Erickson twists his lips before nodding agreeably. “Of course, Master Zaytsev. However, there is the matter of funding—”
“Funding can wait,” I say shortly. Val pumps my hand encouragingly. “I have more important matters to take care of.”
Matters like—
Tetris, Stuart prompts gently.
I let out my breath. I see why the commander is having him keep an eye on Val and me. Indeed, Stuart thinks simply. Now I suggest ending your conversation with this man. Be cordial, suggest future negotiations are in order, but be strong in your conviction that those negotiations will not be made tonight.
“If you’ll excuse us, we’ll finish our dance in peace, and then we have other matters to attend to,” I finish.
Erickson narrows his eyes, wrinkles creasing his forehead.
Shake his hand. It will make him feel better.
I lean forward and offer my hand, which he shakes once—too hard—before turning and forcing his way through the chatting dancers. I glance at Val. “I don’t think Stuart likes him any more than you do.”
She huffs and crosses her arms. “I see what Lady Black meant about political unrest. I keep picturing that man with a pair of knives in his back.”
“Better not be my knives,” an accented voice says behind us. “I’m not wasting good butcher knives on the likes of him.”
Val spins around, shrieking with delight. “Mama!” She grabs the older woman in a fierce hug, nearly sending the two of them sprawling, and lets out a string of Spanish so fast that I don’t bother trying to translate it. I step back, shifting nervously, and wait for Val to introduce me. Her mother is a short, plump woman with dark brown curls, and the obvious source of Val’s height.
Behind them is a tall young woman with her arms folded over her chest. Bright red dress, haughty chin raised as she looks us over with dirt-black, mischievous eyes. The way she looks at me—I shudder. Despite the life-spirit healer, traces of pain still trickle across my back from Lady Black’s training, and this particular woman looks even more menacing.
Next to the young woman is a guy my age, with short hair and a giant grin, and he holds the hand of a girl who looks to be in her early teens. She bounces on her feet, biting her lip and beaming with delight.
Considerably friendlier.
“Tim—this is my mother. Mama, this is Tim… erm… Master Zaytsev.” Val faces us toward each other and Mrs. Salazar puckers her lips. “We met on one of my missions,” Val explains. “He’s a computer programmer, and he’s also a member of the Camaraderie.” Her mother leans in and whispers to Val in Spanish, lending to a blushing fit of giggles. “Mama!”
Her mother turns to me. “Good to meet you, Master Zaytsev.” To my surprise, she gives me a giant hug.
I gasp for breath and give her a thumbs-up. “Likewise.”
Mrs. Salazar leans in again beside Val. “I like him,” she says in what sounds like a whisper I’m meant to hear. “Nicer than that last boy you brought home.”
The young woman behind Mrs. Salazar murmurs her agreement. “Nice find, Val. He’s actually a looker.” Heat flares in my cheeks as she pushes through the group toward me. “I haven’t heard much about you. I’m Isabella. Val’s older sister.”
I spare a glance to Val. “I haven’t heard much about you, either?” The resemblance between their faces is clear now that they’re together, despite the staggering height difference.
“Naturally,” Isabella says. “Val never was good at introducing her boyfriends. By the way—”
Mrs. Salazar clears her throat. “Isabella…”
Isabella shrugs callously. “I’m just looking out for my little sister’s best interests.”
“Valerie can take care of herself,” Mrs. Salazar chides. “She’s brought us far more honor than your shenanigans ever have. You will treat her with the proper respect—just as you would treat any of the Camaraderie leaders.”
Isabella scoffs. “Lo siento, Mama.” She turns to me and curtsies. “Let me try again. I’m Isabella Gabriela Martina Salazar, and it is my great pleasure to meet you.” She raises her hand in midair and I hesitantly take it. She flashes me a grin. “You’re supposed to kiss a lady’s hand, not shake it.”
I wince, but Val slips her arm around my waist. “Oh, big deal. Do you see anyone else kissing hands?” She points to the other two. “That’s Daniel, my younger brother, and Zoe, my youngest sister.”
Zoe doesn’t notice me, staring instead at the dazzling fireworks overhead.
“Hello,” Daniel says, beaming.
I wave and quickly shove my hands in my pockets to avoid further social mess-ups. “Nice to meet you.”
 Daniel looks between us both before his gaze flicks to our pendants. “You two are really part of the Camaraderie of Evil? The Camaraderie of Evil?”
“There’s only one.” Val holds out her pendant. I follow her example, and Daniel’s eyes go even wider.
He laughs. “That’s awesome.” He touches my pendant, flipping it between his fingers while I try not to fidget. “You’re international leaders. Congrats, sis.” He punches her in the arm, and Zoe points to the pendant.
“Bonito,” she whispers.
Daniel nods, saying something in Spanish and poking Zoe’s nose. She bats his hand away, glaring at him, and then returns to staring at the pendants.
Mrs. Salazar lays a hand on Val’s shoulder. “You’ll have to tell us all about your adventures,” she says. “Though I realize that may have to wait. I’m proud of you, Valerie, very proud.”
Warmth floods my chest as Val hugs her again. “Gracias, Mama.” She rests her head on my shoulder. “I couldn’t have done it without Tim, though. He’s the one who helped me escape so I could finish the mission.”
“I’m sure you could have escaped,” I say quickly. “Your insight, and all that.”
Val tugs my arm, and my knees go weak. Her brown eyes are even lovelier in the ballroom with all the light.
“Don’t underestimate yourself, Tim,” she says. “I would have taken a lot longer to get the flying car running, and you disabled their tracker.”
I scuff my shoe along the floor, embarrassed. I disabled the tracker in the car, got Val to the Camaraderie, and delivered one pendant to waiting hands. If only the rebels hadn’t come back for the car. But then, if they hadn’t, would I have worked up the courage to kill Lady Winters? Would I even be here?
“Why don’t we talk over refreshments?” Mrs. Salazar suggests.
Val shows her fangs in a grin. “Sounds good to me. I think the snacks are this way.” She leads us to a long table lined with finger sandwiches and cookies.
I select a cucumber sandwich to nibble on while Val visits. I don’t want to intervene, and I wish my family could be here to see this. To know what we’ve accomplished. But this is bigger than anything a Community leader might host, and far more open about powers and the outside world.
“So, Tim, tell me about yourself.”
I jump, startled from my thoughts. With the others distracted in conversation behind us, Isabella leans on the table, flipping her wavy hair across her shoulders and adjusting the “V” of her dress so that it shows even more skin than before. Tall, curvy… and for the love of the Community, I just got through dealing with Lady Black.
She winks. “Look, I know about the times Val snuck out with her boyfriend’s brother and the time she took a month to try dating girls, but what about you?” She pokes my nose. “You’re an international leader. Had any affairs yet?”
I recoil. “Of course not! Why would you even ask that?” My hand clenches around my pendant, but I falter. She just said… “Val snuck out with her boyfriend’s brother?”
She would never do that. I know her, I—
Isabella rests her hand on my shoulder and sidles closer. “Easy, Tim. I didn’t mean anything by it. One time my sister had a little too much to drink and, in all fairness, he did have nicer cheekbones.” Isabella reaches for my face and I stumble. “Kind of like yours.”
I press my lips together as a fresh jolt of pain runs through my back. “Val’s not going to cheat on me.”
Isabella’s eyes widen, and she lets out a high-pitched laugh that sounds beast-like in itself. “Oh, Tim—you are new, aren’t you? You’re a leader; you make your own rules.” Her voice drops, sultry as she positions herself so I see clear down her dress. Nice form—
I quickly raise my eyes. I’m not going through this again.
“We could hang out tonight. I am the more fun sister to be around. Val’s sweet, but she gets a little rough with her powers. Put one poor guy in the hospital.” She slides her hand over mine. “Come on. Let me show you a few perks of the position.” She presses her bosom against me, and I’m all too aware that there’s only a few pieces of fabric between us.
“No.”
She stares at me. “What?”
I shake my head. “I’m not interested.” 
“Oh, Tim.” She places a hand on her hip and waggles a finger at me. “Has the heartbreaking vampiress already sunk her teeth in too deep for you to let go?”
I rub my shoulder self-consciously. Teeth. Right. Yeah—she’s sunk her teeth in. “Just leave me alone, all right?”
Isabella raises her hands in defeat. “You’re missing out.” She turns on her high heels, and then glances at me over her shoulder. “But I’m sure you can find me when you change your mind.” She grins, readjusts her dress, and returns to the group where Val is smiling and laughing, chatting with her family as if nothing is wrong.
I let out a breath I didn’t know I was holding. I’m glad Val’s sister is only here until the end of the evening.
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
“Excuse me, Master Zaytsev? Commander Rick said I’d find you over here. Might I have the honor of a word?” I turn toward the familiar Russian accent behind me and my jaw drops.
“President Feodosiy.” I bow before I remember I outrank him. “Certainly.”
The president chuckles. Though he looks the commander’s opposite—clean-shaven with thinning, gray hair and a slender, unimposing body—I suspect he and the commander would enjoy evening drinks together.
“An honest man…” He gives me a good-natured smile. “we don’t see many leaders as humble as yourself in these circles.”
I’m not sure whether he heard my previous conversation or not, but I suppress the giddiness running through me and nod. “Thank you, sir. It’s an honor.”
“No, Master Zaytsev, my honor.” He touches his chest lightly, beside a little pin of the Community flag. “I read the reports about your work within the Community, and I am proud the Russian Community produced a leader such as yourself. You are a testament to our country’s efficiency.” He offers his hand and I shake it, dazed.
“Thank you, sir.”
He smiles. “Keep up the good work, and congratulations on your new position. I’m sure the commander will teach you well.” He gives my hand one final shake, salutes me, and then leaves. I nearly bounce on my feet with excitement. The president just congratulated me. And called me a testament to the Community’s efficiency. I clamp my fists at my side to keep from punching them in the air.
I hurry back to Val. “Did you see that?”
She turns, wisps of hair framing her face as she tilts her head, curious. “Who was he?”
“The president of Russia, congratulating me on the job.” I grin.
She touches my shoulder fondly. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen you so happy.”
“Well, there was the time we went to Japan. First date.”
Val tosses her head back and laughs. “You’re such a flatterer.” But she grabs my arm and her mother nods approvingly. Guess I can’t do much better than that, though Isabella gives me a knowing, crooked smile.
“¡Mira!”
Zoe darts between us and thrusts a small, shiny object into Val’s hands. She jabbers a string of sentences I don’t follow. Val holds the object to the light, turning it and smiling.
“Can I see that?” I ask, curious. Zoe makes a face at me and snaps at me in Spanish. I blink. “What’d she say?
Val bites her lip, amused, and responds to her sister before handing me the object. “She said it was ‘her jellyfish ship. You have your own.’ I told her she has to share.”
I glance between Zoe’s pouting face and Val’s bright one, and then hesitantly take the object. The item is meticulously detailed, a perfect rendition of a silver jellyfish. Not a ship, per se, but still. “I already have one?” I ask, handing it back.
Zoe snatches the trinket back and returns to the table near a pile of forks. Val nods. “Yes. Your… pet, remember?” Her smile fades, and I realize she’s referring to the Legion Spore.
But how does Zoe know about that?
Daniel gawks at me. “You have a pet jellyfish? Awesome! Mama…”
“No.” Mrs. Salazar shakes her head. “No pet jellyfish. Two lizards and whatever else you keep in that bedroom of yours is plenty.”
He grins, unfazed, and I return to watch Zoe. She takes a fork in her hands, staring at it with her lip tucked between her teeth. The fork shifts form, softening into a little ball in her hands. She strokes the silver, murmuring, and soon enough she has two little figurines formed from the metal. One looks like a miniature toy soldier. The other looks like an exact replica of the portrait of Lord Black hanging from the wall in front of us.
“She’s a metal elemental?” I ask, staring at Val. I’ve seen that power listed in the Camaraderie databanks, but only on occasion. For whatever reason, they’re rare. I lean over the teenager’s shoulder, and she holds up the toy soldier—female, perfectly detailed to the camo outline on her uniform—playing with it and the jellyfish… and making it look like the jellyfish is trying to wrap its tentacles around the soldier.
Jellyfish ship.
“Insight,” I whisper. I wince at a sudden, sharp reminder from Stuart that I’m supposed to be thinking of Tetris or solitaire.
“Yep.” Val lays a hand on my shoulder. “How’d you guess?”
“I’ll explain later.” I cross my arms, watching Zoe play with her new toys. “How old is she?”
“Sixteen,” Val says. I frown. Zoe seems so childish. So… dedicated to her toys. It’s like there’s this whole, massive gathering around her and she doesn’t even notice. Val squeezes my shoulder gently. “Zoe’s mind never fully developed,” Val explains. “She’s amazing with her powers, but she’ll never go to school or take an academic job.”
“But powers don’t develop until you hit puberty. How did you know to keep her?” I ask.
Daniel’s jaw drops and Isabella smirks, settling her hand on her hip with a satisfied snort. “See, Val? I’m not the only one.”
“Oh, shut it!” Val snaps. “He’s from the Community; what do you expect?”
I glance between her and Isabella. “What’s wrong?”
Val faces me, cautiously looking me over. “Unlike the Community, the territories don’t execute people with mental disorders. Not unless the parents ask them to.”
“But it’s not… efficient.” I pause, staring at Val’s eyes, and then at Zoe. The girl laughs, holding up the little jellyfish figurine and the soldier. I lick my lips, feeling like everybody in her family is watching me. “Sorry. It’s just… it’s different from what I’m used to. I mean… even the Camaraderie is different from the Community.”
Val smiles approvingly, and I let out my breath. “We all have things to learn,” she says. She guides me to the table where Zoe’s playing. Val points to the figurine of Lord Black and asks her sister a question in Spanish.
Zoe raises her chin and answers matter-of-factly. Val covers her mouth with her hand, laughing nervously.
“What’d she say?” I ask. “What’s wrong?
Val lowers her voice. “Well, when you’re at a Camaraderie ball, you normally don’t refer to Lord Black as ‘Jellyman.’ ”
I wince. Fair enough.
“I asked if she was going to play with the other toy she made, and she said they’ll fight later. I guess she’s not done playing with the soldier yet.” Val pats my shoulder and we leave Zoe to her metal crafting.
“Yeah, I guess not,” I murmur, though I hope Zoe’s not suggesting I’m going to see more OA soldiers—
Tetris. Falling Blocks. A large orange “L.”
Thanks, Stuart. I rub my head, distracted by the game he started in the back of my mind. At least it isn’t too hard to pick up where he left off.
Fascinating child, Stuart notes. Powerful in her crafting. He pauses. You missed a block. I get the image of a blue square missing its mark.
I take a deep breath, ignoring the game points I lost, and then focus on Val. “You all right?” she asks.
“Yeah. Just getting private messages,” I grumble.
Val rubs my back and Mrs. Salazar steps forward. “I shouldn’t keep you from your duties,” she says, patting Val’s arm. “But I’m glad we could come. Thank you for the invitation.”
“You’re welcome, Mama.” She hugs each of them, even Isabella.
Then Mrs. Salazar hugs me. “You keep an eye on my daughter,” she says, her eyes betraying a sparkle whereas her lips suggest she’s scolding me. “Else I’ll get a nice big cleaver and etch your name on it.”
“Uh—yes ma’am,” I say.
Val’s face turns beet red. “Mama…”
“Don’t worry. Just tell him how I ran off the boys I didn’t like,” Mrs. Salazar calls over her shoulder as she ushers her family onto the dance floor.
I take a cookie from the refreshments table. “So… butcher?”
Val nods. “Yep. And not afraid to use her job as intimidation.”
“I noticed.” I watch the family mingle, and they even get a brief audience with the Mexican governess. “They seem nice.”
Val nods, bashful, and leads me back amidst the swirling gowns and crisp waistcoats. “I’m glad you think so.” She offers her hand, poised as if she’s a dainty lady. I laugh and take it.
We spend the next hour attempting to dance and being introduced to various leaders as Lady Black and the commander find them. Finally, the symphony switches to an uplifting composition. No one interrupts us as we fly in circles across our small portion of the dance floor. Then, just as the song concludes, Val stumbles into me. I yelp as I catch her. She clutches my arm as she looks around the room, dazed. It’s as if she’s looking through the crowd, but she can’t see the people in front of her.
“Val?” My heart beats fast. The last time I saw this dazed look was after she was interrogated by Lady Winters. “Are you all right?”
She absently readjusts her gown strap and glances over her shoulder. “Do you ever get the feeling of déjà vu? Like you’ve been somewhere before?”
“Sometimes,” I admit. “Though it’s usually when I come across redundant code.”
Val shivers, goosebumps on her skin. “For just a moment, I got this feeling, this bad feeling, that the next time there’s a ball, you won’t be there.” She presses against my chest and I wrap my arms around her, unnerved as we return to a slower dance.
“Are you sure you’re all right?” Though no one seems to have noticed our blunder, we’re in a room full of telepaths, and I’m pretty sure we’ve already made one person mad today.
Has one of them attacked her?
Lady Salazar’s mind has not been compromised, Stuart assures me, though his thoughts feel concerned.
“I’ll be fine.” Val rests her head against my shoulder, but she holds me tight. “It’s just… I don’t want to lose you.”
“I’m not going anywhere,” I say, keeping my voice down as I hold her. “The only person I want to be with is you, and the Legion Spore project isn’t going to last that long. I’m not going to make you go to a ball by yourself.”
“It’s not that.” She nuzzles her nose against my neck, the scent of her flowery hairspray strong. She grabs my hand and pulls me toward the exit. “I need some fresh air.”
Moments later, we’re outside in the damp, chill night. She takes a deep breath and exhales slowly, not letting go of my hand. “Better?” I ask, concerned. I’ve seen her upset before, but this is different. It’s like she’s in her own little world, kind of like Zoe. She hugs me tight, almost too tight, and we stand under the whispering fronds of tropical trees. The salty ocean breeze is cool against my face and the back of my neck. A small row of twinkling lights has been strung among the upper fronds, marking the path. Shadows play across the bushes and benches. Val shivers against me.
“Val… what’s wrong?”
She doesn’t let go. “Nothing, okay? Sometimes my intuition starts acting weird, especially now that my insight power is enhanced, and with this many people around, there’s bound to be visions that don’t make sense.”
I try to look at her face, but all I see is her wavy hair since she’s holding me like this. “You get visions?”
“Sometimes.”
I know she has enhanced insight, and that’s helped her numerous times during missions, but I hadn’t realized she ever actually saw anything.
We sway in time to the music, making little circles on the cobblestone path. Cream-colored stones mark out little half-cogs in the design, and several palms obscure the night above us.
“I saw a ballroom,” she says softly. “There were people there, but I didn’t know them. They wore masks. Someone was revealed… I’m not sure who.”
“A masquerade?” I suggest.
Val slips her fingers inside mine and traces the palms of my hands. “Something like that.” She looks over her shoulder, toward a small building, and then pulls me along the path toward the stone structure as if she’s drawn to it. I swallow hard. This experience is almost like its own vision, the kind Lady Winters would devise when she was trying to test me.
I glance toward the mansion. Stuart stands at the door, keeping watch.
Good. I don’t have to worry that one of the other telepaths here is messing with Val… or me.
The building Val leads us to has a hanging lantern burning from the rafter. It’s on a timer, a carefully designed LED, but the effect is that of an old-time stable. She doesn’t say anything as we slip inside. Fresh hay and a musty scent of wet wood assaults my nose, along with the odor of sweaty fur and manure. Val hikes up her silver dress, wandering past the empty stalls to the pair of horses that drew our coach. She looks around and finds a sack of apples hanging from the far wall. A small smile crosses her lips as she offers the black gelding his treat. “A distraction,” she explains. “I don’t want to ruin your big night with visions that don’t mean anything.”
“Val…” I pause. I’ve seen horses before, though never up close. He’s… bulky. Sleek, glossy fur, and intimidating. We didn’t really have a need for horses in the Community, though he seemed like he pulled the carriage efficiently enough. I break my gaze from the creature. “I’m here for you. If you want to talk—”
Val motions me nearer, though she keeps her voice soft. “That mare there might like a treat.” She points to the bag where she got her first apple.
“Insight?” I take an apple from the sack and hesitantly approach the mare. The horse shakes her head and snorts, her breath hot against my hand. I’m not so sure I want my hand near her mouth.
“Just common sense,” Val says quickly. “They like apples. Keep your palm open. No sudden movements.”
I hold absolutely still as I offer the mare the apple. Her nose is velvety and warm, and she nuzzles my hand before slobbering across the treat. “Horses,” I murmur, slowly pulling my hand away. “Not sure I see the appeal.”
Val chuckles, which is a pleasant change from her earlier solemnity, though her laughter sounds forced. “Not horses. Beasts.”
I frown and look at them again. The mare tosses her head. She fixes me with a green, cat-like eye. “But—don’t most beasts fully shapeshift?”
“I’ve seen ones like these in Mexico,” she explains, and adjusts her dress nervously. “A few of the beastmasters will pick up a shapeshifter as a personal servant. Good for transportation, defense, offense… an all around decent bodyguard. But they don’t want their beasts being mistaken for a regular animal, which someone might try to ‘borrow.’ So they have them shapeshift all but their eyes, since it’s so easy to recognize.”
Her smile falters, and she looks away, staring past the horse.
“What’s wrong?”
She worries her lower lip with her fangs. “Nothing. It’s just…”
“Another vision?” I hedge, not sure if I should get her to reveal the other details so she’ll stop worrying, or if I should give her space instead.
“Same vision. Just…” She looks at the horse-shifted beast, puzzled. “I have no idea what I’m sensing. That’s the problem with enhanced insight. It doesn’t always make sense.” She sinks onto a hay bale opposite of the stalls, and then pats the spot next to her.
I sit, careful not to get my suit messy. “Is there anything I can do to make it better? I mean… you said that there’s a lot of people around and that could be messing with your powers.”
“Tim… you weren’t there. You weren’t at the ball.”
I swallow hard. “Maybe you were undercover?”
“No.” She takes my hand in hers and squeezes it so hard that I think my bones are about to crack. “I didn’t know what to do because you weren’t there. You were gone, and you weren’t coming back. It was like you were dead—”
“Val… I’ll always be there for you. I promise.”
She shoots me an angry glare, her lips twisted into a pout. “Please don’t make promises you can’t keep, Tim. I love you. If you weren’t here, I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
I stare at her, not sure if I should feel relieved that she loves me or slapped by her accusation. “I wouldn’t lie to you, Val. I’m not going to leave you.”
“You might not have a choice.”
I lick my lips, suddenly wishing we were still talking about the beasts or politics. “Val… I will do everything I can to be with you. To protect you. You know that, don’t you?”
She nods slowly at first, then vigorously, as if the vision is still in her head, refusing to leave. I retract my squished hand from hers and wrap my arm around her shoulders.
Now would be a good time to push her attention elsewhere, Stuart suggests gently. I’ll see if I can reduce the effects of her powers.
Are you sure she’s all right? I think, knowing he can read my mind.
I believe so, yes. What she sees as you being ‘gone’ from the masquerade could be as simple as you needing to deliver an important speech, but being stuck in traffic. Out of context, it is easy to misconstrue the vision to mean that you are dead. This is possible for any vision, and as such, enhanced insight can cause some rather… unpredictable mood swings, especially with the amount of power she has. She’s lucky it doesn’t happen more often.
There’s a silence that hangs between us, making me wish he’d also said I would be fine. What if the vision is a bad as Val makes it out to be? And if it’s not… and she keeps having visions like these… will they cause her unnecessary anxiety?
Lady Salazar is not the first member of the Camaraderie to deal with enhanced insight, Stuart thinks to me. I can coach her, and that may help such premonitions from feeling unduly negative.
I take a deep breath and glance at the cat-eyed horses. I’m not sure what it’s going to take to ease Val away from her concerns.
Perhaps a change in conversation would help. I have been explaining to her what I explained to you.
I’m not sure what to talk about, and I’ve got these horse-beasts in front of me, so I blurt the first thing that comes to mind, “Are beasts common in Mexico?”
Maybe something to remind her of home… that might help put her mind at ease.
Instead, Val lowers her eyes. “You don’t see very many beasts there, but there’s a few. They’re usually criminals who have been punished for crimes domestic in nature.” She braces herself against the hay bale, and I get a sense from Stuart that I should be careful of where I take this conversation. Odd… I didn’t think Val had any bad experiences with beasts. “In the Community,” she explains, “security watches relationships to ensure the most efficient coupling is chosen. In the territories, you pick and choose as you please, and every once in a while, one of those relationships goes sour. Abuse… neglect…” She twiddles her fingers along the sequins of her gown.
I frown. Maybe I should have stuck with talking about the vision. “I take it you’ve had experience with this?”
She bites at her lip. “My family hasn’t had our best share of luck. Papa… he could be cruel. Took to the shadier jobs and took a hard hand to us. We learned to fend for ourselves early, but one day he went off on Zoe.” She meets my eyes, and my breath catches in my throat. “He went off at the wrong time. There were officials nearby, and they heard the commotion.” She pauses. “Investigations don’t last long in the territories. All you need is someone with memory steal, and the case is closed. They gave Mama the choice. Papa could receive a death sentence, or he could be made a beast.” She shakes her head and laughs softly. “Mama said that if he acted like a beast, he might as well be a beast. After that, he was gone.”
“I’m sorry,” I whisper.
“Don’t be. The only one who was upset was Isabella, and she went on to take the jobs that Papa left behind. But she was a bit smarter about it, and all you get from her is a sharp tongue.”
“I see,” I say, worrying the locket between my fingers. This is definitely not the conversation Val needs to be having right now. Not with how she’s already worrying about our future.
A throat clears at the stable door. Stuart stands with his back against the night, his hands clasped before him. “Why don’t the two of you come with me? I have something that might put both of your minds at ease.”
Val tilts her head, curious, and gives a small nod. I help her stand. She links her arm in mine, shuffling the toes of her silver shoes through the hay, and we leave the beasts nickering in their stalls.
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
Rather than returning through the mansion’s glamorous main entryway with the flags and statues, Stuart leads us to a small side door shrouded by a thick, leafy trellis. He opens the door for us to a well-lit hall with white walls and half-wood siding. A few lanterns wink with imagined firelight, more for decoration than actual performance. Small clusters of guests travel to the restrooms or have private conversations, though a couple of them give us wary glances as we pass.
The servant stops at a set of heavy doors carved with the Lady of the Cog symbol. He pushes both doors open, using telekinesis to prop them apart. “Lady Salazar… Master Zaytsev… may I present to you one of the Camaraderie’s many great libraries.”
My jaw drops. Bookshelves line the entire back wall, floor-to-ceiling. Smaller bookshelves wind through the center of the room around long, mahogany tables with dark green, stained glass lamps spilling warm light onto the deep, plush rug. Stuart motions us to a canvas portrait on the inner wall. The bronze frame is wrapped in gold. The painting portrays the five original leaders of the Camaraderie and, given the relative age of Lord Black in this portrait, I’d guess this is early Community, if not before. They each wear a pendant that glints in the imagined light. I rub my fingers along the pebbled surface of my emerald pendant’s back.
Even in the portrait, the pendants look old. Antique. Powerful.
“The pendants have been around for some time, though not as long as our enemies might expect,” Stuart says. With his hands clasped before him and his straight posture, he’s got the perfect image of a butler.
“How old are they?” I ask.
“Just shy of a hundred and thirty years. They were created by Benjamin, who also has enhanced insight.” He looks pointedly to Val, but she’s staring at the portrait. Her attention settles onto the image of Clara—a young thief with straight, dark blond hair and bright blue eyes, who later defected to the rebels. The thief tips her hat and gives the viewer a pleasant, albeit mischievous, grin. This portrait is a far cry from the tortured image that now represents her, the one the rebels use to proclaim, “forever tortured, forever defiant” on the hull of their airship.
Uneasy, I glance back at Stuart. Clara was known for her quirkiness… which was likely caused by her powers of intuition. “Did Clara know what was going to happen to her?”
The servant quirks an eyebrow. “I think she had some hint of what was to come, yes. She knew the Camaraderie would rise, and that the people she was helping would eventually become a thorn in our side. But did she know how she was going to die, and when? No. I don’t think she knew that until she was captured.”
Val threads her fingers through mine and we hold hands, silent. I wonder what she’s thinking, but I have a feeling she’s having a private conversation with Stuart and I don’t want to interrupt. With his expertise, he’s probably the best one to assuage her fears.
While I wait, I turn my attention to the rest of the leaders in the portrait. Among the five members is Lady Patricia Black, the inspiration for the Lady of the Cog. She’s the easiest to recognize, with a pistol in her hand and a whip on her hip. A half-cape flutters behind her, its long hood cast over her shoulders with her dark hair unleashed in the wind. Her chest is puffed with pride, she’s fit, and from her cruel, alluring smile, she looks like she would as easily seduce her targets as shoot them.
“A misconception,” Stuart notes softly.
I glance over my shoulder, still holding Val’s hand. “What?”
He nods toward the picture, and he has Val’s attention, as well. “The first Lady Black never was one for seduction. Look at her wrong, and she would end your life instead of interrogating you. She liked to set an example for other dissenters. As for seduction, neither she, nor Lord Black, took a lover on the side.”
If what he’s saying is true, maybe Val won’t have to seduce anyone to interrogate them. Maybe I won’t have to worry about being seduced.
Precisely, Master Zaytsev. You need not be so concerned, Stuart thinks to me. He inclines his head toward the painting. “Each of them had their preferred techniques. For example, Lord Black needed none of his lady’s methods; he had telepathy.”
Behind the lady in the portrait, recognizable for his calm smile and pale blue eyes, is Lord Black. He’s younger than most Community pictures show him, with shorter black hair and a not-so-hardened face, but he’s not so young as to be unrecognizable.
“What happened to them?” Val asks, her voice quieter than usual. “The rebels defeated Lord Black, but what happened to Patricia?”
Stuart returns his gaze to the portrait. “She died of illness. Even Camaraderie healers cannot heal all wounds.”
Val pulls me closer, her fingers clutching the edge of my suit. Her eyes dart nervously across the portrait. I flinch. Her insight about what to ask isn’t helping us calm her nerves.
“It’ll be okay,” I whisper, slipping my arm around her waist. “I’m not going anywhere.”
“Of course not,” she says, her voice soft. She eyes Stuart, her expression wary. “You know a lot about the founders.”
“Yes, my lady.” Stuart gestures to the bookshelves around us. “When you have lived as long as I have, you find there are tales worth remembering. It is good to know about those who came before. How they succeeded, and how they failed. The better to avoid their mistakes and, as a servant of the Camaraderie, the better to teach you how to avoid their mistakes. You are worried that you might meet a similar fate to Clara… but if she had a better grasp on her powers, perhaps she would not have been so quick to defect to the rebels. You need not be worried, so long as you are willing to hone your powers to serve you, rather than allow your powers to control your actions. A vision may hold true, but if you don’t know all the details, you cannot say with certainty what will come to pass.”
Val squeezes my hand. “Makes sense.”
Stuart returns his attention to the portrait. “Though at constant odds, the original Camaraderie members were willing to work together. They had a common goal. They knew how to use their powers, and they knew how to play their hand. They hid until the time came to reveal their plans and, when that time came, they proved to be calculating—ruthless in their execution.”
I doubt I’ll ever be that successful. The five in the portrait—they had a unique relationship. They had an unsuspecting world and impeccable timing. For Lord and Lady Black, even their heirs were powerful, by virtue of luck and the pendants.
I frown. Lady Black said she developed her powers early, and her father, Seth Black, was strong enough to have played a crucial role in Lord Black’s defeat, despite his own death.
When the time comes, will Val want children? If she does, will they be as powerful? Or was Lord Black’s strength a fluke that passed on to his son? Before the rebels finally managed to ambush him with a Benjamin’s shield, no one could match him.
Stuart inclines his head. “An interesting point, Master Zaytsev. Lord Black’s heirs inherited his strength, though that strength has diminished through their line. I am curious to see whether that power is linked to the proximity of the pendants.” He eyes the two of us, one eyebrow raised. The silence stretches as he straightens his jacket. “But, for now, I believe there are still a few dances left before the night is over.” He ushers us from the library to a small patio outside, and then he gestures to the lights of the twinkling stars and the distant city. “Enjoy yourselves. Tonight, the world is yours.” He gives us a knowing smile before navigating the maze of bookshelves and disappearing into the outer corridor.
Val stares through the trees. “I wish we didn’t have to go back to work tomorrow.” Bright specks twinkle across her cheeks and nose from the lights in the woven canopy above us.
“I don’t mind the work,” I say, “if it means I get to be with you.”
“For how long?” She looks over at me, her dark hair framing her face in waves. “We’ll be away from each other. What if something happens to you? What if the invasion doesn’t go well, or the Legion Spore takes a hit?”
 “I’ll be fine,” I say, though Val has a point… especially with that vision of hers. I still have to contend with the Legion Spore’s glitches, and Val will be in the Community. I won’t be able to reliably contact her while I’m in OA territory. My stomach clenches, and I crane my head toward the city lights. The lights shimmer like stars reflecting off the land. I hope we can remain as faithful as Lady Black’s grandparents.
Val runs her fingers through my hair, down my neck, and to the locket. “I love you, Tim. I don’t want anything to happen to you.”
My hand meets hers. “I’ll be careful, okay?”
 She reaches with her tippy-toes and kisses my forehead. “Of course you will.” She takes my hand in hers, and though I’ll return to my duties in the Legion Spore tomorrow, tonight we return to the evening of dances.
I just hope I’ll still be around for the next ball.



Thank you for reading Glitch: Whispers in the Code!

Please consider leaving a review at your favorite online retailer.
Honest reviews—negative and positive—are helpful for the authors, as reviews make it easier for readers to find books they enjoy.

Thanks again!



Tim’s descent into the madness continues in Ghost of a Memory…

and uncover the truth of how everything began in Distant Horizon…

Newsletter
Want to know when the next Distant Horizon universe book comes out?

Subscribe to our newsletter! We’ll keep you up-to-date with all the latest news.

Plus, you’ll get access to behind-the-scenes information, sneak peeks at upcoming book covers, and be the first to know about special promotions.



Go to infinitaspublishing.com to join the Distant Horizon universe newsletter!
Acknowledgements
A lot of work goes into producing a book, and while it may be impossible (or nearly impossible), to pinpoint everyone who was involved, we would like to take a moment to acknowledge those who have helped shape this story into what it is today.
First off, a thank you to our families, who have been supportive of our endeavors (both our creative ones, and our real-life ones). It is an immense relief to know that you are there for us.
Next, a thank you to the many beta-readers who have read Glitch in its entirety and provided feedback on what you loved, what you hated, and what didn’t make sense. It goes without saying that certain scenes would have happened a bit differently if you hadn’t read the book and left the feedback you did.
We also want to thank the writers who spurred along the process, from those who read unfinished story chapters, those who helped us polish our blurb, and those who offered advice—online and offline: the Absolute Write online forum, For Love or Money (a Facebook group, no longer open), 20Booksto50K (also a Facebook group), the Writers of Warrensburg, and the writers at the local group in the UP. Your feedback and encouragement has been invaluable.
Finally, we thank you, the reader, for choosing to read what we have written. It means a lot to us. We hope you enjoyed Whispers in the Code, and we hope you will return to find out what happens next in Ghost of a Memory.

The Community is efficient,
Stephanie and Isaac Flint
About the Authors


Stephanie and Isaac Flint met at the University of Central Missouri, where they soon discovered a common interest in world-building and tabletop role-play games. The Distant Horizon universe is their first joint world, the result of a role-play game Isaac ran in the summer of 2010. After graduating with a Bachelor of Science in Photography for Stephanie and a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology for Isaac, Stephanie and Isaac married in 2012. Together, they plot stories, torment each other’s characters, and enjoy the occasional cosplay.

Connect with the Authors
Blog: http://sbibb.wordpress.com
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/infinitaspublishing/



infinitaspublishing.com


More from the Authors


Something dangerous lurks in the code…

https://infinitaspublishing.com/the-distant-horizon-universe/ghost-of-a-memory/
Read Jenna’s side of the story, starting with Distant Horizon:



The Community is safe. Unless you have superpowers…

https://infinitaspublishing.com/the-distant-horizon-universe/distant-horizon2/
