
White Water….
Heather Mar-Gerrison



Smashwords Edition
Heather Mar-Gerrison Copyright 2014
Revised edition 2019
Beautiful front cover design courtesy of
Selfpubbookcovers/FantasyArt



This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance of characters to actual persons, living or dead is purely coincidental. The Author holds exclusive rights to this work. Unauthorised duplication is prohibited.




In fast moving water there is always the potential for injury or death by drowning or hitting objects; such water is often referred to as white-water.
Danger can lie under the surface of such water and other factors work towards creating the dangers within… it’s a bit like falling in love…




Prologue

Sophie

Cody staggered backwards. I exchanged a gleeful glance with Dad. Wouldn’t it be nicer to just tell him? I asked.
Well sure, but what would the fun in that be? I heard my dad’s deep chuckle in my head.
I do hope you two aren’t hurting the clientele. My mother’s voice floated across from the payment booth.
Stop your worrying woman – he’s a big-headed jerk. We’re just giving him a nice little bruise for the morning.
Cody turned around and frowned at me. He looked at my Dad with the cutest perplexed look, “Am I doing something wrong, sir?” He asked my dad politely.
I looked at Dad. Surely, he’d tell him now...
“Maybe you should hold the gun a little closer into your shoulder, son.” My dad’s gruff voice made me smile. He was a big softy really. Sure, he thought the guy was a total jerk that was showing way too much interest in his eldest daughter but still, he wasn’t so mean that he was going to allow him to keep getting hurt.
I wasn’t, however, impressed by his antics, nor interested in his good looks and cute smile. Well not that interested. Okay, that’s a total lie, I was way too interested because he was so gorgeous, but I kept trying to convince myself that I really wasn’t interested...
I heaved a sigh of relief. It really didn’t sit well with me for him to be hurt. He was too damned cute for bruises…
I chanced a glance across at him again. Cody was listening intently to my dad and nodding with him as he showed him how to hold the gun. He never glanced towards me again, which was at once a relief and yet at the same time, very, very depressing…


Cody

There was something about Sophie. From the moment I laid eyes on her, I knew there was something. It was believing it that was the hard part. How could she be anything like my family and I? We were hardly what you could call commonplace… But the very fact that I could hear her and her father making fun of my appalling attempts at clay pigeon shooting was filling me with absolute glee. If she wasn’t like me then my gift had gotten a whole lot better all of a sudden. I’d never been able to hear normal human’s thoughts before…
Me and my family were hybrids. Well, actually I was second-generation hybrid. My parents were the cross-breeds, me and my four brothers were actually like a whole new-improved species. Maybe I’d better explain…
My father’s father was a volunteer for a super-human breeding program (no really, I’m actually not joking here) from another planet called Gore. He came to Earth and met a human girl. They fell in love and he decided to stay here. They had a child – and that child was of course, my father...
Of course, my grandfather wasn’t the only volunteer and my mother, crazily enough, was also a hybrid. It would seem these gorevans, as they were called, couldn’t stay away from Earth once they’d discovered it – and they must have found it pretty easy to run into each other, too. Goodness only knew how many others there were out there, which brought me back to Sophie. Call me psychic – some people did – but there was something about her that I really felt strongly attracted to. It was like she was my own personal magnet… Could she be like me? Because I’m not gonna lie – that would be absolutely awesome. In all my sixteen years (which okay, wasn’t exactly a long time, but still) I was yet to find another hybrid like us and it was a shock to finally run into one. Particularly since she seemed to really dislike me... But I’m not gonna lie, I’d never been so attracted to another person in my whole life….
We’d only recently moved to this small town in the middle of nowhere. A sort of hideout for my family and I – and I thought it was gonna be the most boring place in the history of the universe. How wrong could I have been?


Chapter 1 – Meeting Cody Conner

Sophie

Are you helping out with me today or what?
I groaned. Dad’s voice had just floated into my head from where he was having a coffee and toast with Mum in the kitchen.
Sure, Dad – I’ll follow you down there. I’m still trying to get my eyes to open.
He chuckled. I want you there at ten am, sharp. We’ve got those Conner boys coming in again.
I groaned again – out loud this time though, so Dad wouldn’t be listening in on me. Those Conner boys were the bane of my life recently. They’d only moved in a couple of months ago, but the stir their combined good looks had immediately created amongst my schoolmates was nothing short of ridiculous.
The girls at school had been positively drooling over the three of them but I’d put good money on it that the eldest of the three, who was in the second year of sixth form, wouldn’t notice any of them. I was convinced he’d be more interested in the football team if you catch my drift.
They were all incredibly handsome boys. Cody – the one who has probably woken up this morning with a bruise right through from his chest to his back, was (in my opinion – not that I fancied him) the best looking of the three. Not that I could really pick out anything on the other two that wasn’t pleasing. Ethan was the eldest of the three. He wore glasses which made him look a little more studious than the other two, but I’d guess that his eyes were brown – they were dark, anyway – and he had long, dark hair that he tied back into a pony tail for school. He didn’t always wear it that way, though. When they came down to the outdoor centre that I helped my dad run it flowed freely and I’ve got to say, I was a little jealous of the lustrous curls he’d got going on – maybe I should have asked him for hair care tips…
Dakota (my God, could his mother have named him anything more droolsome?) was most of my classmates’ idea of heaven on Earth. He really was cute. He’d got cropped, dark hair – in total contrast to his pretty brother; his eyes were brown and he was the tallest of the three of them. He was way over six feet tall – massive.
And back to Cody. He was handsome, there was no denying it. He wasn’t quite as tall as Dakota, but he was still around six feet; his hair was just as dark as the others, and like Ethan, it was kind of long –well, not that long but it definitely brushed his collar, and he definitely had curls going on there. If you’d told me six months ago that I would fall for a guy with long, curly hair I’d have laughed in your face but there it was – he’d got long, curly hair and I’d fallen for him.
What I found really attractive about Cody though was this; where both of his brothers had really dark eyes, his were much paler – a kind of silvery-blue, most unusual. His eyelashes were just as dark as his brothers – almost black and he’d got a fine, straight nose with full lips that I had to fight the feeling of kissing on an hourly basis. There I go again, I might as well tell you that I loved him at first sight with that description, and I guess it was true but on the other hand, annoying didn’t begin to cover the way he was around me. I swear he only came to this neck of the woods to be a permanent fly in my ointment…
My first encounter with him wasn’t actually at school. It was at the outdoor centre that my dad owned and ran. I had the misfortune of being on the payment booth when they first arrived.
They didn’t want to just come to have a look around – oh no – these guys were seriously outdoorsy. They wanted to sign up right away and I had to spend quite a lot of time filling in the computer records with them. Dakota had been really polite and nice, as had Ethan but Cody, well, awkward wasn’t quite the word... He was far more intent on chatting me up, which embarrassed and bemused me – I really wasn’t that hot! I was kind of ordinary to look at and I’m quite certain my bemusement was etched all over my face.
He eventually left me to go and join his brothers on the quad bikes and I heaved a sigh of relief. 
The next morning at school was, however, quite a different story. The news had spread like wildfire throughout the campus that we had ourselves a new family of totally hot dudes in our midst and my heart sank as I realised that not only was Cody the same age as I was, but that he had been put in my form for registration.
He glanced around the classroom and did a double take as his eyes met with mine.
He grinned and ambled across to me. “Hey – it’s my favourite girl from the outdoor centre!” he plonked himself down in the seat next to me without even asking if it was anyone else’s seat (which it wasn’t, but still…)
I remained silent.
“Aren’t you going to introduce yourself?” He asked with a grin, “Since you already know all about me.”
“Sophie,” I mumbled, “Sophie Milestone.”
He turned to me and I looked up at him. He was stunning; he grinned almost shyly at me, taking my breath away with his sparkling eyes. “Well, it’s really nice to meet you, Sophie.” He stuck his hand out.
Feeling absolutely mortified that all the other girls in the room were watching me jealously, I rolled my eyes and shook his hand.
A tingling feeling crept through my skin at his touch and went all the way up my arm. I snatched my hand away quickly and tore my eyes away from his. He was looking at me far too intently for comfort.
He didn’t say anything else until his name was called out and the teacher said a few words introducing him to the rest of the class. “I’ll get one of the students to show you around at break-time, Cody.” She smiled at him.
He nodded and smiled, earning himself a round of sighs from the girls in the class, “Oh, thanks,” He said charmingly, “but I already know Sophie. Perhaps she could show me around?” he suggested it so innocently that Miss Potts blinked.
I was all set to protest when Miss Potts agreed enthusiastically. “Oh, what a good idea.” She enthused, “yes, Sophie is one of our most gifted students.” 
I cringed inwardly. That pretty much translated to the rest of the class as ‘girly swot who gets straight A’s and is the most boring girl on the planet’, hence the fact that I was sat alone. “She’ll be perfect for you.” She added, earning me daggers from every other girl in the room.
Yes, she will.
I looked at Cody quizzically. Had I really just heard him say that? Or was I truly losing it and imagining what I wanted to hear him say? Probably…
He looked back at me with a blank expression. I blushed and decided that I must have been imagining it.
“Sophie?” Miss Potts was looking at me expectantly.
“Yes, miss?” I could feel all the girls’ in the room eyes boring into my back. I swear, if looks could have killed I wouldn’t be telling you all of this right now…
“Will that be alright?” Her expression was almost challenging.
I nodded, “Sure,” I agreed with a small smile. Well, I could hardly argue, could I?
I dutifully showed him around at break-time – by which time, he seemed to have made friends with almost all of the most big-headed jerks that already graced the school halls that I generally avoided like the plague.
It really wasn’t great that he now seemed to have amassed a posse of idiots who seemed to worship his every word. Seriously, the guy had a high enough opinion of himself already...
The very few girlfriends that I had, seemed to think I was the luckiest girl in the world to have attracted his attention. They almost wet themselves when I told them that he and his brothers had started coming to the outdoor centre.
“Oh, my God, you’re so lucky, Sophie,” Leanne gushed, “because, really, they wouldn’t give you the time of day if it wasn’t for your Dad having that business, would they...?” Like I said, they were ‘sort of’ friends, rather than what I could describe as ‘good’ friends of mine…
So, as you can imagine, the general consensus of opinion was that for one, no one in their right mind would fancy me and two, I was really fortunate to work weekends and evenings at the outdoor centre – and not for the extra money, it gave me to spend – oh, no, they were more interested in the fact that it was frequented by more than half of the male youth of our school and every other teenage boy in a twenty mile radius. None of them ever thought anything through, though – if they had, they would know that it was mortally embarrassing most of the time. They had absolutely no idea how excruciating it was, having to show these macho guys how to hold a gun properly, or how to put on a four-point harness correctly.
Let me tell you, it was no picnic – particularly knowing that I was generally deemed to belong to a class of people that rated on a scale just above insect to most of the school’s male population. To be fair to them, some of the boys had a slight look of recognition about them when they saw me, but on the whole, I got away with remaining pretty much invisible, which was fine with me. So, to have Cody seeming so interested was more than weird. In fact, it was completely unbelievable…
Faron was the only friend I had that didn’t seem totally enamoured with the new family and that surprised me a little. He usually really fancied good-looking muscular types. I swear he was secretly in love with his best mate, Jared Ross who was totally muscular – and really good-looking, but he never said as much, so I could have been totally wrong on that...
“I had to show Cody Conner around at break-time.” I was bemoaning my embarrassing encounter with Faron at lunchtime. He looked at me sympathetically, “That’s terrible.” He murmured.
I glanced at him to see if he was ill or something. “Did you even hear what I just said?” I asked irritably. He wasn’t even listening!
He jumped slightly and looked at me a little cagily, “Um, yes.” he said.
I raised an eyebrow and pursed my lips. “You so did not.” I scoffed.
“Did too,” he shot back, “you were complaining about someone.” He stuck his tongue out at me.
I narrowed my eyes at him, “Yeah, I knew you couldn’t have been really listening. There’s no way you would have agreed with me that it was terrible to show around Cody Conner.”
He grinned sheepishly at me. “Okay,” he conceded, “you totally caught me out. What’s the problem with that? He’s well hot.” He added with a grin.
I rolled my eyes. “Oh, God,” I groaned, “I know how hot he is. I can’t stop thinking about him. But why me?” I looked at Faron incredulously.
He gave me a funny look. “Please explain to me why the hottest guy in the school – with the exception of his totally gorgeous brothers – being attracted to you is such a bad thing?” he asked, a note of exasperation in his voice.
I sighed and frowned, “It’s not that it’s a bad thing... It’s just that it’s a totally bonkers thing. There’s just no way he could be interested in me, seriously.”
“Rubbish!” Faron scoffed, proper scowling at me now, “You’re gorgeous. You’re funny and beautiful and ten times smarter than anyone else in the school!”
I rolled my eyes, “And there lies the reason why I have no friends,” I said, “expect you of course. The fact that I’m ten times smarter than anyone else generally repels people.”
He smiled. “Ah, but now there’s Cody. It’s not so hard to figure out. He’s smart and beautiful and funny too. If he wasn’t…” he glanced across the room, where Cody was sat with about twenty girls and guys all hanging on to his every word like he was some sort of god, “He wouldn’t have such an adoring fan club.”
I glanced across too and somehow or other managed to catch his eye. His eyes lit up and he smiled at me. I blushed bright red and looked away quickly.
I noticed that Faron was looking past my shoulder and I turned that way instead. I wondered who he was looking at for a moment, but then I noticed Jared just picking up his bag and making his way to the exit. “Seen much of Jared lately?” I asked casually.
Faron snorted, “Huh, No!” he grumbled, “I hardly see him at all anymore, since I dropped football.”
“Well, why don’t you hang out with him after school?” I looked at him puzzled. I thought they spent most of their time together when they weren’t here.
He shook his head and sighed. “It’s no big deal, Sophie, we’re still mates. It’s all good.” He smiled, but his eyes still looked a little sad. I didn’t like seeing him like this. He should be with Jared – and happy…


Chapter 2 – Just my imagination?

Cody

This place was messing with my mind. I’d never felt like this about anyone in my whole existence. No one had ever crept into my thoughts like she did. No one had ever made my heart start to beat faster just from the sight of them. Well, it may well have thumped harder from fear before now, but that wasn’t the same thing. Not the same thing at all…
This was completely different. I was going to make such a dork of myself over this girl, I just knew it – but I didn’t seem able to help myself either.
It had all started from the holidays when we joined the outdoor centre as members. Mum had insisted we (Well, Dakota and I, anyway) join in the local clubs and societies to keep us out of trouble. Something Dakota and I seemed unable to avoid for very long, no matter where we went.
She’d very smugly told us about the small outdoor centre and we’d gone along quite eagerly – Ethan too, since he quite liked sports as well. 
Ethan didn’t need to be forcibly kept out of trouble. He was level-headed and far more studious than either me or Dakota had ever been.
The outdoor centre was on quite a small scale. The land it was on was vast but unused. I was immediately intrigued with the place and my imagination started to see what it could be like almost from the word go.
Sophie had been on the pay desk that day and the look on her face when the three of us all came through the doors was one of utter shock. I guess we were a little intimidating in numbers – three massive, dark and dangerous-looking guys – until, of course, we started talking and then we gave ourselves away as just a bunch of idiots…
Ethan introduced himself and told her what we wanted to do, then Dakota gave his details, looking all charming and attractive... and then it was my turn. And for whatever reason, I just became ‘Pratman’ from the planet Pratsville. Honestly, I couldn’t have been more of a total dork if my life had depended on it. I’d shot my brothers a pleading look a few times to save me from my pitiful self but they were enjoying my demise just a little too much to help.
And so, very depressingly, Sophie had hated me from the word go…
It didn’t help that I thought I could hear her thoughts all of the time, either. Now that was seriously quite disturbing. At first, I thought it was just my imagination but the longer I was in her presence, the more I thought I could hear her – and most of what I heard was downright abusive. Very depressingly, she really seemed to hate my guts…


Chapter 3 – Communication skills

Sophie

The idea of having to go to work at the outdoor centre all day gave me very mixed feelings. It wasn’t working that did it. It was the idea of seeing Cody Conner again today. On the one hand, it made me groan and want to curl back under the quilt hoping to disappear into the unknown. On the other, it made my stomach flutter to have such decent eye-candy to entertain me all day…
You may have noticed that my parents and I had a slightly unusual way of communicating. I’ll attempt to explain. Dad and Mum were both what are referred to as hybrids. Apparently, the planet Gore where my grandparents were from was going through some sort of environmental disaster a fair few years back and they came looking for another planet to settle on. As luck would have it, the Gorevans found Earth and realised it was completely compatible with themselves.
They met a few scientists along the way that thought an integration program was the way to go. Now I don’t want to get all technical or anything, but the way they used to breed on Gore wasn’t much fun, in fact, nothing was much fun there, and of course once the good folks from Gore realised how it was done here, they never looked back. So that was that, my mother’s father was gorevan and her mother was human, and on my dad’s side it was the other way around. Same difference really. They were both hybrids and had enhancements to the normal human. Meeting each other and having children of their own meant that me and my sister also had ‘gifts’. In fact, we were probably even more powerful than our parents but we tried to blend into the background and keep a low profile.
Dad could see for miles, hear for miles, he was really strong, really fast and could speak to us all in our minds and Mum was pretty much the same.
Mum’s personal enhanced gift was that she could move things with her mind, which used to entertain me and my sister no end when we were little. Oh, and she could tell what you were thinking just by looking at you. Yeah, not great – tell me about it. It could be very embarrassing at times!
Dad’s enhanced ability was that he could fix just about anything. He just instinctively knew what was wrong with something and fixed it. It was pretty impressive and we had very few running costs because of it.
My younger sister, Dana, could fly, which was cool but when she got angry she threw balls of fire around the place. I know – freaky right? Not to mention dangerous…
And I could dematerialise. Well, to be fair, we all could, but I was the best at it. Dana absolutely hated it. It made her really sick, but to me it was as natural as breathing and saved me a fortune in bus fares! What it basically boiled down to was that I could disappear from my bedroom and land right next to my dad in his office at the outdoor centre in the blink of an eye. And looking at the time, that was exactly what I was going to have to do any minute now…
Of course, the theory was that all hybrids could do all of the things each other could do with a little practice, and I’m sure there was a whole array of stuff that we could learn to do. I just hadn’t put my gifts to the test. It was really Dad who reckoned that we should keep a particularly low profile. Having said that, I couldn’t really imagine ever standing up and shouting out to the world that I could dematerialise. I think a padded cell would be my next home if I did! Dad was heavily into conspiracy theories and believed that there were others out there that would want us for our powers – who knew? He could have been right. There were plenty of bad guys out there that were regular humans. Obviously, just like regular humans, there was good and bad in all of us. I shuddered to think what someone with our enhanced abilities might do if they wanted to turn their gifts into something sinister but I guess it stood to reason that not all hybrids were gonna be good people…
Dad also firmly believed that there were quite a few more of us around than we were aware of. I wasn’t convinced. I’d never met one yet... 
So, we kept ourselves to ourselves, we didn’t tell anyone what we could do and we tried to live our lives as normally as the next human, only kind of flying under the radar. Of course, our outstanding straight A’s made us stand out a little, but most people just thought we were terrible geeks.
Trying to blend in wasn’t always easy. Obviously, we had to go to school – being home schooled would have been an option, but Mum was dead against it. She thought we’d have attracted more attention to ourselves that way, so Dana and I had to go to school and blend. It was reasonably easy most of the time – more so for Dana – she was far prettier than me and wasn’t so repellent somehow.
I kind of drifted through, with a couple of reasonably good friends. Friends that were geeks like me, and my best friend was Faron. He was human and even cleverer than I was. He had issues of his own of course, who didn’t? Faron was gay. He came out to his parents a couple of years back and everyone else earlier on this year. I really admired him. On the whole, I could honestly say that I was reasonably happy with my life – or at least I was until the Conner boys arrived and that Cody started to just about drive me mad…

*

“Hey, Dad,” I grinned at him from the doorway, where I’d just appeared out of thin air.
“Hey, pumpkin,” he replied without batting an eyelid, “had any breakfast?”
I bit my lip. Dad knew me too well, “Um, no.”
He grinned at me, “Well pop across to the café then and get us both a coffee and a doughnut, will you?”
I grinned back. Dad had such a sweet tooth. “Sure.” I agreed readily. I ‘popped’ out and landed just behind the café. I went around to the door and opened it. I immediately felt a presence and looked up. My eyes met with a silvery-blue pair staring right at me from across the room. I sucked my breath in sharply. Cody Conner. He raised his eyebrows at me and smiled.
My heart fluttered in my chest and I think I managed a smile back, but I couldn’t swear to it. I was too shocked to see him there.
I looked away quickly and made my way over to the counter on slightly shaky legs.
“Hey, Sophie love – what’ll it be?”
I smiled at Gus, the owner of the café, “Um, a couple of doughnuts and two coffees, to go, please.”
“Coming up,” He grinned as he shuffled off to get my order together.
I glanced across to where Cody had been only a second ago but he wasn’t there anymore.
“Are you working with your Dad today?” I felt his lips almost on my ear as he asked his question and felt a shiver go right down my spine. Jeez, he could move quickly.
Blushing furiously and no doubt looking like a total dork, I turned around to look at him, “Um, yes.” I managed.
His fabulous eyes lit up with genuine delight and his grin stretched right across his face, “Great,” he said enthusiastically, “I’ll see you there, then – and you tell him those guns pack a punch.” He held his shoulder with a look of mock pain and then flashed me another grin that turned my knees to jelly. Still chuckling, he disappeared out of the door.
“Idiot,” I muttered under my breath.
I looked up to find Gus smiling at me knowingly. “He might be an idiot.” He agreed, “But he’s sweet on you, girl – anyone with half an eye could tell you that.” His grin still firmly in place he added, “You’d better not let your dad know!”
I drew myself up to my full height and took a deep breath, “I have no intention of getting involved with Cody Conner,” I said with a conviction I didn’t really believe in.
Gus chuckled and shook his head. “They all say that.” He said sagely. “But sooner or later, every guy and gal around here succumb to cupid’s arrow…”


Chapter 4 – Building up a picture

Cody

I had no idea how to show Sophie that I was interested in her without her giving me that look rating me somewhere between something on the bottom of her shoe to vermin but I wasn’t giving up – well, not yet anyway. I had to know… If she wasn’t like me, then okay, I’d give in and walk away – but what if she was? Well, sorry but there was no way we weren’t meant to be together.
I’d eavesdropped on enough of my mother and her sister’s conversations over the years to know that for some unknown quirk of nature, us hybrids had an uncanny knack of discovering each other. It was like we were irrevocably drawn to each other and once we’d connected, there was no going back. It was kind of scary for me when I was younger. I was afraid that I might meet some crazy, old lady and fall in love with her – you see there were no rules as to what age you were when it happened to you – or how old your kindred spirit was gonna be either. One of mum’s friends met a guy who was thirty years older than her. How freaky was that?
Another story she’d heard was of a couple of kids in kindergarten together – they grew up together, dated all of their teenage life and were now married with three kids of their own. I always thought it was a little sad. Neither had ever known life without each other. That was gonna be a total crippler when something finally happened to one of them...
Of course, it hadn’t actually occurred to me before I met Sophie that I would feel exactly the same as all of those people, no matter how long I’d known her – but that was just my naivety. I was beginning to get the picture pretty damned quickly now, though. I really didn’t like going through a day without seeing her. How pathetic do I sound? Yeah, I thought as much…
I looked up. Like I said, I was finding it really difficult to stay away from her but I had to make it look good. I was definitely into sport but not to the extreme that it appeared these days. I liked shooting; quad bikes and the like – so the outdoor centre would have been somewhere I frequented in my spare time anyway – just not necessarily every day were it not for her being here…
Dakota was finding it all rather amusing but that was him all over. He couldn’t be serious if he tried. “What?” he asked when I mentioned where I was going that morning, “Again?” He raised an eyebrow in disbelief, “We were only there the other day and you took a right pounding off that gun. You need a couple of days at least to recover.”
I shrugged, “I’ll do something else, then. I just need to get out. I feel like a caged animal in this place.”
He nodded stretching his arms over his head, “Yeah, I know what you mean. I’ll come with you. The girl that works there is kind of hot, maybe I’ll get talking to her…”
I scowled at him, feeling instantly protective over Sophie. She was mine. There was no way Dakota was getting a look in, “Which girl?” I asked defensively.
“The pretty one,” He said with a grin, “Long, dark hair and really big, blue eyes.”
Well, the eyes described Sophie – only her hair was a wild tangle of curls that couldn’t be described as dark. It was far too golden, “The younger one of the two?”
He nodded, “Yeah, I think her name was Donna or something like that.”
I nodded, feeling relieved. Dakota was far better looking than I could ever hope to be – taller and leaner than I was, he had cropped, black hair and dark brown eyes. He was every girl’s idea of gorgeous. I, on the other hand, was usually considered the trouble-maker of the clan. I had unusually light grey-blue eyes that instantly seemed to repel most people. Dad jokingly described them as shifty, whereas Mum was a little kinder. She said they were the same colour that my grandmother’s eyes had been. I never knew her, so I can only assume she was right about that. My hair was just as dark as Dakota’s but, like Sophie’s, was a mass of unmanageable tangled curls, not that I really cared about the way it looked but I’d have preferred straight hair really. I was tall enough – at six feet I’d nothing to complain about, but both Ethan and Dakota were way over at six feet three and six feet four respectively.
We made our way down to the outdoor centre on our mountain bikes. I had to take my hat off to her father – he sure had this place running in perfect order; there was a car park and a bike park with secure cages for the bikes – all free of charge, too. I couldn’t help feeling that there was an awful lot of wasted space here, though. It was all on a hill and totally lent itself to either a dry-ski slope or something like that. A white-water rafting run would be a great addition but I’d guess at that being hard to get through planning – and of course would cost a fortune too. Still, I couldn’t seem to get the idea out of my mind and wondered if I’d ever be able to talk to Sophie about it.
I wandered across to the café. I was rather hoping to see her here. Of course, being the weekend, she might not be. After all, what did I know about her? Absolutely nothing – and the other girl wasn’t anywhere in sight either, so Dakota was going to be disappointed, too. He was already making his way across to the changing rooms for a game of basketball with some guys that had arrived at the same time. Dakota found it really easy to make friends. Like Ethan, he was kind of gifted that way – they made people feel at ease around him somehow.
I wasn’t so blessed and my gifts could easily be taken as shady at best – still, we all had our crosses to bear…
I ordered a coffee and a doughnut. It was early and it was mighty cold outside for the time of year. I knew December was supposed to be kind of cold but really, ice on the ground? It was somewhat unusual this early in the season.
I took a bite out of my doughnut and stared out of the window. I could see the sloping ground that was completely unused from my seat and my mind drifted off, thinking about the white-water run again. I could totally see it all in perfect detail in my head; almost as if it was in HD. I grabbed my bag and rummaged around inside. Pulling out a pencil, I grabbed a napkin and started sketching. As my hand flew across the paper napkin I could see myself in my mind’s eye, riding the waves and hurtling over the rocks towards the end goal. I could almost feel the wind and spray in my face such was the intensity of my vision – and what a vision – it was gonna be absolutely fantastic. It would make this tiny little adventure park the place to go for water sports – if, of course, it was possible to get the planning permission...
I stared at the paper napkin in front of me. I’d pretty much recreated the entire park in thirty seconds flat. I’d always been artistic but even for me, this was on another level. I swallowed uncomfortably as I stared at my masterpiece; a wayward thought had just struck me. Mum and her sister, Aunty Jenna, had often discussed kindred spirits and their gifts getting stronger when they met. I glanced at it again. All of the park drawn out in perfect detail. Something I was quite certain I have never achieved in my life before – and I wondered once again, with the way I felt around Sophie, if I’d inadvertently met mine….
The door opened, letting in a draught of cold air that was enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey – and mine too…
However, the warm feeling that flowed through me at the sight of her was enough to take my mind off the cold for the whole of the winter. I sighed. She was absolutely exquisite.
Her eyes scanned the room and narrowed slightly as they rested on me. What on earth was it about me that she disliked so much? It really was a little disconcerting, that…
I watched her go up to the counter. The guy serving grinned delightedly as he saw who it was. I could totally understand him – she was absolutely beautiful and she was nice to him. It was nice to know that she did have a nice side. She just hadn’t let me see it yet…
I got up quickly and shot across to her side. There weren’t any other people in there so I was safe to go as quickly as I liked…
I had absolutely nothing planned to say to her and had to think really quickly. I said the first thing that popped into my mind, “Are you working with your Dad today?”
She turned around. I realised slightly belatedly that perhaps I was invading her personal space a little. I was kind of close. Blushing adorably, she looked at me with a very suspicious look on her face, “Um, yes.” she said.
I grinned at her, really chuffed that I’d be able to see more of her throughout the day, “Great,” I said enthusiastically, “I’ll see you there, then and you tell him those guns pack a punch.” Feeling a little stupid to be admitting to being beaten black and blue by a stupid shot-gun, I grabbed my shoulder and gave her a grin that was supposed to convey that I wasn’t all that serious. I decided it was high time I got the hell out of there, since she was regarding me with something resembling out-and-out hostility.
“Idiot,” I thought I heard her mutter as I ducked out of the door.
My hearing was proven to be correct as I heard the guy behind the counter chuckle, “He might be an idiot.” He agreed with her, “But he’s sweet on you, girl – you’d better not let your dad know!”
My jaw dropped. Were my feelings for her that transparent? I didn’t want to hear what she had to say back. I couldn’t imagine that anything she had to say would be particularly complimentary since she seemed to totally abhor me, but her voice floated over to me outside the door clearly, making my heart sink to my boots, “I have no intention of getting involved with Cody Conner.” His reply however gave me a little more confidence; he chuckled and replied, “They all say that, but sooner or later, every guy and gal around here succumb to cupid’s arrow.” 
Well, I could live in hope...


Chapter 5 – Cupid’s Arrow

Sophie

Feeling somewhat uncomfortable about Gus’s romantic predictions I marched back to Dad’s office in a bit of a daze. “Here’s your doughnut.” I tossed the paper bag on Dad’s desk.
His eyes lit up with glee and he was tearing open the paper in seconds. “Mm-mm!” he groaned, closing his eyes as he savoured the flavour.
I laughed. “I swear Mum told you to eat the muesli she packed for you for breakfast.” I reminded him.
He nodded taking a swig of his coffee. “But what she doesn’t know doesn’t hurt her, right?” he asked with a chuckle.
I looked at him in exasperation, “But she knows everything.” I argued, throwing my hands up. I may not have mentioned that earlier – another one of Mum’s gifts is her ability to glean from your expression exactly what you’ve been up to. It’s not great if you’ve been up to no good! “She’ll know all about these.” I held up my half-eaten doughnut, “And you know it!”
Dad shrugged. “She loves me. She’ll forgive me my weakness.” He flashed a cheeky grin.
I laughed. “Well, what am I doing today, then?”
“It’s up to you, honey.” Dad said. “I’ve got your little sister on the pay booth. No one gets away with trying to short-change her – she can sniff out a dodgy deal at a hundred paces.”
I nodded. That was true enough.
“So, you can either help me set up the traps for the clays or you can help out with the quads.”
“I’ll do quads, today.” I said, thinking about Cody and his penchant for clay pigeon shooting. I really didn’t want to spend too much time around him. My blood pressure went up just thinking about him.
“Cool,” Dad said, “Billy’s already there, so you can go across and keep him company.”
I nodded. Billy was one of Dad’s old school friends. He was completely normal – as in completely human. The fact that his best friend was a hybrid kind of countered the being completely normal bit. Let’s face it, most people would freak. “Right,” I agreed, “I’ll head straight over there, then. Oh, by the way, Cody Conner said to tell you your guns pack a punch.” I grinned. “I’m guessing he’s still aching a little today.”
Dad grinned back. “I’ll go a little easier on him today, then – as long as he behaves.”
I sauntered off to the quad bikes, laughing. “Hey, Billy,” I smiled as I reached the quad biking area.
“Hey there, short-stuff,” He grinned, quickly putting out his cigarette, “Have I got your gifts to help me through today?” his eyes twinkled at me with mischief.
I grinned up at him and nodded, “You sure do. So, what’ll it be?”
He blew out a lungful of smoke, “I could do with all the quads being brought around to that side.” He pointed towards the higher ground to the left of the cabin; the site was huge and mostly on a downward slope. The quad biking area had been sited at the bottom of the hill, which of course got the most water. “All this heavy rain we’ve been having is making their usual spot waterlogged and they’re too hard to handle.”
“No problem.”
I had them moved in minutes. A little dematerialisation went a long way…
“Done already?” Billy grinned at me as I stomped up the steps to the cabin.
“Yup,” I grinned and sat down with him.
“Cody seems to be sweet on you.” Billy said, surprising me that he’d noticed.
I nodded. “Yeah, he’s very… attentive.” I grumbled.
He raised an eyebrow, looking at me in disbelief, “And you don’t like him?”
I bit my lip, “Well, I wouldn’t say I didn’t like him…”
Billy chuckled, “Let me guess.” He said, his eyes twinkling, “you like him a lot, but your Dad wouldn’t like it?”
I pulled a face, “Well, you know what he’s like.”
Billy smiled and nodded, “He’s just worried that you’ll choose wrongly.”
I rolled my eyes, “What? Like a human with no special powers?” I asked sarcastically, making quotation marks in the air, “Like I’d care?”
Billy scratched his chin thoughtfully. “You know what? I think you could be right.” He said. “I’d never really considered it before but he’s likely got a point. He and your Mum, you’ve gotta admit – they’re kind of perfectly matched. Like a pair of socks. They just fit. Who wouldn’t want the same for their kids?”
I shrugged and nodded, “Yeah, I know what you’re saying,” I sighed, feeling a little defeated. “But how likely is that in this world, Billy? We’re not exactly ten a penny, now, are we?”
He put his head on one side, “Well, no.” he said, “I’d agree. And you’ve been perfectly unique up to now... but then these Conner boys just turn up out of the blue – talented at everything I give them. Gifted, some might say…” He trailed off, his eyebrows raised looking at me with a bit of a funny look on his face – sort of expectantly hopeful.
“What are you getting at?” I frowned, my heart starting to beat at double time. Was Billy saying what I thought he was saying?
He shrugged, “Aw, it’s probably nothing.” He said getting up and stretching his arms above his head. My heart sank but then he shook his head and wagged his finger at me and I knew he had much more to say on the subject. I gave him my full attention. “I’m just getting at the fact that they’re all straight A students – just like you are. They can pick up everything I give them even if they’ve never done it before and just go with it – just like you do,” He nodded his head and stroked his chin, “I’m just saying that maybe they’re kind of special too, just like you...”
My jaw dropped as I looked at him; surely not? “What do you mean?” I pressed. Call me thick but it was taking some believing that they could actually be hybrids too...
He glanced around and lowered his voice some, “You know – special. Like you and Dana and your Dad and Mum?”
I stared at him. I hadn’t noticed anything untoward. Well, all except thinking I heard him speak in the classroom when he’d not said anything but I’d put that down to the fact that I really fancied him and secretly wanted him to feel that way. “I dunno,” I said, “what makes you think they are?”
He shook his head, “Something and nothing,” he shrugged. “I’ve been friends with your Dad since we were little. There are little things you notice about people.”
“Like what?” I was a little shocked and this was bad. Billy had noticed we were different through being friends with Dad for so long and earning his trust but if he’d noticed that someone else he didn’t know was different – then they were either being very careless with their gifts, or just as I’d always suspected, we actually stuck out like a sore thumb despite all of our careful attempts at blending in. Like I’ve already mentioned, most of the kids I went to school with seemed to have an instinctive desire to stay away from me – they saw me as a threat. I was called names to hide the fact that they feared me. But somehow, I could sense that from them. I was no threat to them at all. I wouldn’t dream of hurting any of them – but the fear was there in them all the same. I felt it around me when I was with them. It was a relief to get into my regular lessons with people who were at least on a par with me intellectually. All of the people I actually got along with enough to call my friends were referred to by the others as geeks, and I guess we were all kind of comfortable with that…
“Can you be a little more specific, Billy?” I tried to get him to open up a little more.
He shook his head, “Not really,” he said, scratching his head thoughtfully as he pondered my request, “It’s just a feeling.”
I raised an eyebrow. A feeling? Crikey, he was more like me than I’d ever given him credit for! “Are you sure you’re not one of us?” I asked with a grin and bumping his shoulder with mine.
He chuckled, “You know, I think I’ve been mates with your Dad long enough that he’s rubbed off on me! I still can’t turn water into whiskey, though, so I’m guessing I’m still only human!”
I laughed, “Keep working on it,” I said.
Our easy banter was interrupted by the arrival of the first customers. I held my breath as I looked out of the cabin.
To my relief it was just a group of boys from school. They were all a couple of years younger than me and it looked like a birthday celebration.
I hopped down the stairs to help Billy with the preparations.
I told three of them at once the rules and handed them each a helmet.
They were still young enough to actually listen to me, which was nice. Once their hormones started kicking in, I might as well start speaking to them in Japanese for the amount of notice they took; all they seemed to look at then, was my rather less than impressive chest...
“Are you Sophie Milestone?” One boy was looking at me intently.
I looked up and met his rather intense gaze, “Who wants to know?” I asked with a smile.
“Me,” He said, grinning back at me cheekily and raising his eyebrows at me, almost flirtatiously.
I was a little taken aback, “Oh, well, then – yes I am.”
He nodded but didn’t say anything else. Weird, I thought, I wonder what prompted that?
I soon forgot about the kid and his odd line of questioning once they got out on the track.
Billy and I watched them. “They’re paintballing next,” He said, checking his watch, “I’m fairly certain Tad’s turning up today, but if he isn’t, I’m afraid it’s just you and me again, kid.”
I nodded and grinned; Tad was Billy’s son. He wasn’t exactly what you’d call reliable and he’d probably been out with his mates the night before which made him even less reliable than normal.
I was just resigning myself to the fact that I was going to get paint-balled half to death by these boys when he turned up.
I heaved a sigh of relief as he picked me up and swung me round. “Hey! My favourite girl in the world!” he shouted, “I haven’t seen you for ages!”
I laughed as he planted a big wet kiss on my cheek. “Hi, Tad,” I said. “How’s it going?”
“Rough, kid,” He said with a groan as he put me back down. “I’ve got a mouth like the bottom of a parrot’s cage. You wouldn’t be a darling and get me a nice cup of tea or something would you?”
I rolled my eyes. “Is that all I am to you?” I teased, “The tea girl?”
Tad grinned. “Aw, c’mon Sophie,” he said with mock injury to his voice, “you know you mean the world to me.”
I laughed, “Two sugars?”
“You know me so well,” he quipped, smiling charmingly and winking at me.
I laughed and set off for the café. I couldn’t use my gifts with so many people around now so it was back to normal walking pace for me.
“Hey, Sophie,” I turned and stifled a groan. It was Cody. He seemed to appear from nowhere all of the time.
“Oh, hi Cody,” I said a little frostily. “Enjoying yourself today?”
“Sure,” He smiled, but it didn’t quite reach up to his eyes, “Don’t work too hard.” He said and left again, leaving me feeling inexplicably irritated.
I got Tad his tea and wandered back to where he was happily chatting with his Dad, “Here you go.”
He grinned at me, “You are an angel,” He said, taking a sip, “That’s just what I needed.”
I laughed, the irritation I was feeling leaving me as I sat chatting to Billy and Tad. They were just my friends, no hidden agenda, no unsaid innuendo – just my oldest mates. I breathed a sigh of relief that I could go home soon…


Chapter 6 – The Milestone Sisters

Cody

I’d tried my best to stay out of her way – after all, she was cool towards me at best, but it was just almost impossible for me. I wanted to be near her all the time. Like I said, she was like my own personal magnet and her pull was really hard to resist.
So, I went home feeling all the more frustrated with what I’d seen. She was awful friendly with that guy, Tad. He was older than I was and kind of rough looking – but in a big friendly dog kind of way. What did he have that I sadly lacked? I sighed, wondering why I really had to ask. I wasn’t exactly the model boyfriend type. Not that Sophie knew anything about me at the moment but she seemed to have some super-human sensory perception going on because she didn’t like me at all – and that was when it hit me… What if she really did have some super-human stuff going on? What if it wasn’t my imagination at all and I really could hear her thoughts… What if, by some miracle, she really was just like me?
I went in search of my brother. I needed someone to talk to about this before I drove myself insane…
“Hey, Dakota – got a minute?”
He turned to me with a slight frown, “What’s up?” he asked.
I took a deep breath; it was risky opening up and talking to Dakota about stuff like this – he was a merciless teaser at the best of times. “The Milestone sisters. Have you noticed anything strange about them?”
“What? Apart from them being the best-looking girls in the whole of this town?” he grinned.
I grinned back, feeling slightly relieved; it wasn’t just me that had noticed them, then. I was safe to speak freely. “Yeah, well. As hard as I try to charm her, I still don’t think Sophie’s particularly impressed with me and it could be wishful thinking on my part but,” I lowered my voice to barely a whisper, “I swear I can hear her thoughts... and I thought – you know, being the way we were – that we could only hear each other’s.”
He frowned. “We can only hear each other’s,” he stared at me, his eyes widening as he reached the same conclusion as I had, “unless they’re…”
“Like us,” I nodded, staring back at him, “That was what I was thinking.”
He brightened instantly. “Oh, wow!” he breathed, “Maybe Mum saw something. Shall we ask her?”
I frowned. The last thing I needed was my mother getting a load of overly romantic ideas about us. She’d been delirious with joy when my older brother, Fabien and his wife, Ffion got together. Jeez, I was only sixteen… “You can,” I said sullenly, “You can report back to me – just please don’t give anything at all away about my feelings for Sophie.”
He raised an eyebrow, “Feelings?” he asked, “So, you do actually have feelings for her, then?” He looked kind of pleased for me.
I nodded. There was absolutely no point in lying about it. He’d pluck it right out of my head anyway, “I really like her,” I said, pulling a face, “But from her thoughts, I’m totally getting that she doesn’t like me at all – and I can’t blame her either, can I?”
At his frown I added, “Let’s face it – we’re bad news, you and me. Well, more me than you, I grant you...” It was true. I was an absolute magnet for trouble. I was definitely drawn to the dark side. Dakota usually just came along for the ride and to keep an eye on me.
Dakota grimaced and shook his head, “That’s all in the past now, Cody.” He said quietly, “You have to try to get past it.”
It wasn’t all that far in the past if I was honest, I tried another tack, “What? Like you, you mean?”
Dakota sighed and rubbed his eyes. “I’m doing the best I can to put it all behind me,” He said, “The nightmares are just that – just bad memories hanging around my sub conscience. I know you’ve got worse going on,” he patted my shoulder, “And I can see what it does to you sometimes, but you know – we have to try to get past it.”
I nodded, “Yeah, okay,” I agreed with a huge sigh, “I’m sorry for getting all defensive about it. I just don’t need any pressure from Mum. She’ll see this as a sign that another one of us has found our destiny.”
He nodded, a wry smile on his face. I knew what he was thinking. He was wondering what was freaking me out about it and essentially, I was just as delighted as he seemed to be; we could of course just find girlfriends in the normal human world but it was some secret for them to be made to keep and what happened if things didn’t work out in the long term? That was some risk. Much better to find someone who was the same – rare; some might say damn near impossible – and that was what was so amazing to find the Milestone sisters here in this tiny village. It certainly made me wonder if Mum had seen something other than a safe haven when she decided to bring us here. It was kind of her gift, after all… 
Fabe and Ffion couldn’t be any happier for finding each other and that was perfect, I guess but he was more the right age for that sort of thing at twenty-two when it happened. I was only sixteen – it was a little early… “Fine – I’ll go and ask…” Looking at my expression he grinned and added, “I’ll be sensitive. Don’t worry.”
I nodded. If anyone was good at this sort of thing, it was him…
He disappeared. I plonked myself down on my bed. I was sure I wasn’t imagining it. I’d definitely been able to hear her thoughts from the first moment we’d met. She really didn’t think much of me, which was at once amusing and a little disappointing. Surely, I wasn’t that bad? Well, actually, yes, I really was that bad, but she didn’t need to know about that…
Her Dad didn’t seem terribly keen on me, either. The two of them were totally enjoying the fact that I kept taking a knock from the shotgun when we did clay pigeon shooting. She liked me on some level, though. I got that from her thoughts, too. I scowled to myself; she liked the packaging but that wasn’t all I was and I needed her to give me a chance. I needed for her to like the contents as much as the fancy wrapping; but to be fair, if I didn’t like myself much – how was I supposed to expect her to? I was going to have to win her over somehow… and then I was going to have to find out if she really was like me because I’m not going to lie to you – that would be perfect…
Dakota was back in record time, “Yo, dude,” he grinned at me broadly and punched my shoulder affectionately, “Do you want the good news or the bad news?”
I sucked in my breath sharply. This was gonna hurt… I nodded decisively, “I’ll take the good news.”
Dakota grinned, “It’s likely she is one of us,” he said smugly.
My heart started thumping, that was good news. “And the bad news?” I waited with baited breath.
His grin broadened and his eyes positively danced, “Mum saw her in her peripheral vision, dude – she brought you to her.” He leaned forward looking more delighted than I’d ever seen him. Well, not ever – he had pretty much the same expression as when Fabe and Ffion got together, “She thinks she’s the one. She’s pretty damned certain about it, actually. It doesn’t make any difference if she knows the way you feel about her or not,” Dakota looked delighted but also serious, so I knew he wasn’t winding me up and besides, I’d know – we could totally read each other like a book, “she knows you’re gonna be together eventually. She’s already seen it…”
I closed my eyes and sighed; even though my heart skipped a beat at the thought of it, it still wasn’t great having an all-seeing mother sometimes – in fact it was downright embarrassing. “Well that’s just freaking great.” I muttered.
Dakota chuckled, “She didn’t say anything about me and her sister though and if your Sophie’s one of us, I’m guessing she is, too – unless she’s adopted, which is unlikely, but not impossible.” He frowned; he was totally overthinking it all and panicking himself. Dakota tended to do that sometimes. Mostly he was relaxed and chilled out but clearly his feelings were messing with his mind over Dana. He let out a huge sigh, “I guess I must be off Mum’s radar,” he scowled and started muttering to himself, “which isn’t the best news for me since I really like her…”

*

I wasn’t thrilled that I’d not seen much of Sophie during the day. I was even less thrilled that she seemed to get on so well with that guy, Tad. He seemed a little old for her to me, but hell, who was I to judge?
What bugged me most about the day, however, was that young kid asking her what her name was; who was he? What did he want? Where I’d been living, you didn’t answer any questions posed to you like that… well, not with the truth, anyway.
But Sophie wasn’t from a bad area. She didn’t mix with bad people and she was open and natural about herself. She didn’t think she had anything to hide and so she told him straight out that she was Sophie Milestone – and listening in, my stomach churned. Why was he asking? I was immediately suspicious and all I wanted to do was to protect her – something that had never been in me before.


Chapter 7 – Visions

Sophie

I was rather hoping for a lie-in the next morning but no such luck… Almost as soon as I was awake my mother had sniffed me out…
“Sophie! It’s time to get up. You promised to do the ironing for me this morning.” She said in her best warning voice.
I groaned loudly, “Oh, God. Do I have to? What’s the point in having all these spooky super-human powers if we can’t figure out a way to get the ironing done any quicker?” I grumbled pulling the quilt over my head again.
Mum laughed, “We’re not magic, Sophie.” She said, “Simply gifted.”
“Harrumph. What’s Dana doing?” I asked grumpily.
“She’s cleaning the bathrooms.” She said patiently, “Anything else?”
“No,” I sighed, flinging off the quilt and dragging myself down the stairs. I pulled the ironing board out of the cupboard, yawning as I did so.
Mum looked at me in mild amusement, “Good – would you like a coffee?” 
I nodded, “Yes, please.” I picked up one of Dana’s school shirts and started ironing it. “Has Dana seen her phone’s screen saver yet?” I stifled a snort of laughter. I’d hijacked her phone last night when she’d fallen asleep – again – and left a stupid screensaver. I was always doing it, just to get a rise out of her.
“You haven’t been messing her phone around again, have you?” Mum asked sharply putting her hands on her hips, her earlier amusement giving way to annoyance with me.
“I might have,” I admitted with a snort of uncontrolled mirth as I started on one of the sleeves.
Hands still on hips, Mum glared at me, “Then sort it out.” She snapped, “I can do without fireballs being thrown around the house. We’re not made of money you know? And I don’t want to be refused insurance again!” She stomped out of the kitchen, slamming the door behind her.
I sighed. Sheesh, she was having a right hissy fit this morning. I bit my lip. I knew we weren’t made of money. She didn’t have to remind me. Dad did okay with the outdoor centre but it wasn’t a huge money-spinner and he couldn’t really re-invest to make it the way he wanted to. It was very slow progress. The quad bikes were our newest feature and had been a great addition, even still, we couldn’t begin to think about the motocross track yet.
My mind drifted to a good-looking young man with a mane of dark, wild curls. I’ve always hated curls. I thought to myself, trying to be as convincing as possible. Far too girly for my taste…
A vision flashed in front of my eyes of him hanging off a rock in climbing gear, his muscles flexing and looking about as far from girly as it was possible to be.
Where the hell did that come from? I wondered. Then I felt certain I heard his deep chuckle somewhere inside my head and wondered again if Billy could be right and that Cody Conner was just like me… A thrill of excitement coursed through me at the thought of it. I gave myself a mental shake. Of course he wasn’t like me. I had absolutely no proof whatsoever. For a start, how likely was it? Secondly, how on earth was he able to project an image like that into my mind? And thirdly, how was I supposed to be able to hear his laugh in my head at this sort of distance? I panicked slightly and glanced out of the window. My wild imagination had him sitting on the window ledge… but no. I breathed a sigh of relief. He wasn’t there…

*

The next time I saw Cody, we were back at school. I’d idly wondered about asking him about being a hybrid, but the more I considered it, the more certain I became that it would be a mistake. It was nigh on impossible for me to ask him anything about any gifts he may or may not have. For a start, he probably had none and he would think I was completely bonkers and secondly, wherever I went, I was usually with Faron and I didn’t want him to be exposed as someone who was in the know. 
I’d told Faron all about my gifts more or less as soon as we first met. We’d hit it off immediately. One break-time a couple of years ago now, we were sat together next to the pond. It was late September and still really warm. He was sprawled out on the grass with his hands behind his head, nursing a hangover from his celebrating with Jared the night before for a superb win in the football tournament over our rival school. Apparently, they’d been to the park and got wasted on cider and Faron was feeling pretty damned ill. I was sat staring off into space when he told me something about himself. I thought he was really brave to tell me something so important when we barely knew each other. I was flattered that he trusted me enough to allow me to share his secret.
“I think I’m gay, Sophie.” He blurted out suddenly, sitting up and looking at me worriedly. He bit his lip, his grey eyes looked into mine, begging for acceptance and understanding. “I’ve thought I was for a while – but now… well, I’m pretty sure.”
I stared back at him for a moment. It wasn’t that it surprised me. I’d kind of already got that impression anyway. I was more surprised that he was confiding in me. I smiled at him and nodded, “I had a feeling you were.” I said.
His worried expression disappeared and he looked at me in surprise, “And it doesn’t bother you?”
I frowned at him and shrugged, “Why would it bother me?”
“Well…” he trailed off with a shrug, his eyes shifting across to the football field where his best mate, Jared Ross was playing with a load of other guys. Faron had chosen not to play today, although he usually did. I fleetingly wondered if he’d told him too and things had gotten awkward.
My heart constricted for him. He was clearly in love with the guy. I decided not to ask. He’d tell me in his own sweet time if he wanted me to know, “Look, we’re all different,” I shrugged, “Hell. You couldn’t get more different than me.” Oops... Now I was going to have some explaining to do…
It was his turn to frown. “Why? What are you on about. Are you a lesbian?”
I sighed and shook my head I was sick of keeping my secret. I was sick of having no friends and other kids giving me a wide berth. I didn’t know how Faron had seen through the fog and somehow or other decided he liked me, but I was grateful for his acceptance of me. “No, I’m not.” I said, “I have a very strange gift.” I said the last bit in a low voice.
“What sort of gift?” his eyes lit up, “Are you some kind of witch or something?” He grinned and nudged my shoulder, his eyes dancing.
I put my head on one side, “Actually, you’re not far off with that assessment,” I smiled at his bemused look, “I guess you could say that. Do you believe me?”
He shrugged and nodded. “I know we haven’t known each other long – but you don’t strike me as the type to make up stories.”
“Okay.” I glanced around us. There weren’t many people around, but there were enough and it only took one to notice... “But I can’t show you here.”
“Show me?” He frowned, looking puzzled.
I nodded. “I could disappear from here and land over there.” I pointed to the other side of the pond.
He looked at me as if I was completely off my head and I couldn’t blame him. Let’s face it, what I’d just said was most people’s idea of utter madness.
“Honestly, Faron, I’m telling the truth,” I said, “it’s called dematerialisation.”
“Of course it is,” He murmured. “Have you been watching re-runs of Star Trek late at night?”
I grinned. He clearly didn’t really believe me even though he’d just said he did, “I will show you,” I said determinedly, “What are you doing later?”
He grinned back at me and shrugged, “Nothing.” He said, “So, freaky girl. Do you want to come back to mine after school?”
That was a while ago now, and as I could have guessed – he’d been totally freaked out. He’d gotten over it pretty well though and we’d remained firm friends. What was even better was that when he told Jared he was gay, he was totally cool with it and instead of being freaked out by his confession, as he had feared – he’d been really supportive of him and they’d remained the best of friends.
Faron had recently told me he fancied a guy in the year above us, which you know, I was cool with – but I still thought the real love of his life was Jared. I tried broaching the subject but he just laughed it off. “Jared? Are you kidding me? He’s had more girlfriends than you’ve had hot dinners!”
I shrugged, “So what? That doesn’t make him straight. He spends far more of his time with you – or at least he used to.”
It was true. He did have a lot of girls hanging around him all of the time and he didn’t half like to brag about his conquests. All that aside, though, he still spent most of his time with Faron – or had done until Faron got his knee injury and was forced to give up football until it healed but they were still really good friends.
“Have you told Jared about fancying Dean?” I asked.
He bit his lip and shook his head, looking decidedly uncomfortable.
“What?” His hesitation piqued my interest.
“Nothing,” He wouldn’t meet my eyes.
“There’s something you’re not telling me, Faron – what is it?” I pressed. 
He went bright red and mumbled something that sounded remarkably like “Just one kiss – once.”
I stared at him, “You’ve kissed Jared?” I asked incredulously, “When?”
He looked up at me, totally mortified and nodded slowly. “It was ages ago now – remember when I told you I was gay?” I nodded. He took a deep breath and nodded too, “It was the night before.” He said quietly, “That was when I stopped just thinking I was gay and finally accepted that I really was.”
My heart started thumping. They’d kissed and yet Jared was still pretending he was into girls? “And?”
He shrugged, looking decidedly miserable. “And neither of us has ever mentioned it since. We were on the park – drinking cider, remember?” He pulled a face.
I nodded, vaguely remembering him telling me about it, the day after, a couple of years ago… “So, you were both a little drunk?”
He nodded miserably. “I think he’d rather forget all about it. As for me…” he sighed wistfully, “well, I relive it almost every night.” He smiled sheepishly at me.
My heart went out to him, and I felt a little indignant on his behalf, “Well, I’m sorry, but if he kissed you back, he can’t be all that straight…” I started.
Faron shrugged, “Of course he can,” he said sensibly, “we were drunk. It was my fault entirely. I kind of started it.”
I didn’t care what he said, Faron may well have made the first move, but Jared didn’t have to kiss him back; he could have shoved him away… I sighed. Ever since Faron had first told me he was gay, I’d subconsciously watched the body language between him and Jared and I was absolutely convinced that Jared had real feelings for him, too. I was sure it wasn’t my imagination that Jared’s hand lingered on Faron’s shoulder longer than was strictly necessary when they greeted each other. I watched them together and the affection in Jared’s eyes when they talked was plain to see. I couldn’t understand why he couldn’t just be honest about his feelings… “Well, if he can’t admit his real feelings to himself, I guess you have to move on.” I said sagely, “So, what about Dean? He’s been showing more than a little interest recently.”
Faron gave me a ghost of a grin and nodded, “Yeah,” he said with a sigh, “Here’s hoping.”
We were walking together from English to Science and I saw Cody coming the other way. I groaned. Faron snorted with amusement at my discomfort. He kind of knew all about my terrible crush. I’d been complaining to him constantly since I’d first had to deal with Cody at the payment booth…
“Here comes lover boy.” Faron teased.
“Right back atcha,” I murmured as I saw who was behind him, “There’s Jared.”
“Oh, holy shit! This is so embarrassing now that you know!” Faron tried to make himself as inconspicuous as possible, but Jared had already removed himself from the crowd he was walking with and was making a beeline for him.
“Hey – Faron!” He called with a great big smile.
Faron made an incoherent squeaking noise that I took as panic and looked as though he was about to bolt in the opposite direction. I grabbed his arm and turned to him, “Don’t be stupid,” I said sternly giving him a slight shake as I said it, “Get him to help you out.”
“What?” Faron looked at me completely nonplussed.
I rolled my eyes; Faron was so obtuse sometimes, “Make him help you get a date with Dean. That’ll wake him up to his real feelings.” I pushed him towards Jared. Jared smiled at me gratefully.
I felt quite good about myself, until it dawned on me that in my haste to sort out Faron’s love life, I’d left myself completely alone with Cody about to pass me.
I tried to manoeuvre myself around him, but he stood in the way and somehow, I managed to walk right into him. Mortifying… “Oh, sorry,” I mumbled.
He grinned down at me. “Hey, that’s okay, Sophie.” He said, running his hand down my arm and making me feel like I’d had an electric shock. So weird... The first time he’d shook my hand, I had a tingly feeling, but this was way more powerful – not in a bad way, I have to say – just weird.
Pulling myself together, I forced myself to look up at him. God, he was gorgeous… “How’s your shoulder?” I remembered his comment about the gun packing a punch and something in me felt really guilty all of a sudden.
He shrugged, “S’okay I guess.” He said, with a grin. As he gazed at me his smile vanished and was replaced with a frown. I took a step backwards. “You’re very friendly with that guy.” He grumbled nodding towards Faron’s retreating back.
I frowned, “Faron?”
He nodded, scowling after him.
I suppressed a smirk. Was he jealous? I swept that errant thought right from my mind. What did I care if he was or he wasn’t?
“I’m not jealous,” He quickly added, “Just wondered.”
“He’s my best friend,” I shrugged, “We hit it off as soon as we met years ago. He’s about the only person in this whole school who actually likes me and is nice to me.” Way to go, Sophie – make him think you’re a total loser why don’t you?
“I don’t believe that for one minute.” He said. “What’s not to like?” he smiled at me, making my knees turn to jelly. I shrugged, my face aflame.
“That guy Tad seems to really like you down at the outdoor centre, too.” His frown was fast becoming a scowl. I really had to suppress my mirth.
“Yeah, well. I’ve known him for years too.” I grinned at his perplexed look; I couldn’t help it.
“Don’t you have any girlfriends?” He asked irritably.
Jealous, are you? I wondered, “Not really, no – like I said, most people are intimidated by the fact that I’m a brainbox.” I rolled my eyes at the stupidity of it all.
He smiled. “Well, I’m no slouch either and I’m really not jealous – well, maybe a little.”
I narrowed my eyes as I looked at him, his words could be taken as if he’d answered the question that I’d only thought in my head. Was that just a coincidence or did Billy really have a point? I sighed. There was no way he’d tell me anyway – we hardly knew each other and liked each other even less… “Tad and I have been friends for a long time. He’s been coming to work at the outdoor centre with his dad since we were eight and ten.”
Cody nodded, he seemed to have relaxed a little at my explanation but that was madness – he didn’t like me… did he?
His next question completely floored me, “What did that young kid want the other day?”
“What young kid?” I frowned at him; what was he on about?
He looked at me, genuinely perplexed, “The one who asked your name?”
I stared at him. He hadn’t been anywhere around for that, had he? “Um, nothing,” I found myself answering, “He just asked me if my name was Sophie Milestone – I told him that yes I was, and that was it.”
Cody frowned. “Right,” He said, nodding.
I couldn’t believe he was making such a big deal about it, “Have you got a problem with that?” I asked.
Cody smiled. “No,” he said, “At least, not yet.”
I frowned at him, “What are you on about?”
His face was one of pure innocence, which had me immediately suspicious. Cody just didn’t do innocent. He was a total pain in the arse and had been from the moment we’d first set eyes on each other. Instant attraction aside, he was always out to annoy me. “Me?” he asked, his eyes widening.
“Yes, you,” I said, my tone showing my annoyance.
He suppressed a smirk. “Nothing. I promise.”
I snorted. “Like I’d believe that.” I scoffed.
He gave me a wounded look. “Look, I’m sorry for being all mysterious about it but I really can’t tell you now. I will tell you though, I promise.” 
His eyes never left mine and my heart started to beat a little faster. He was going to tell me something really important. Something that I already knew deep down and I really didn’t want to wait a second longer to finally have all of my suspicions confirmed. “Tell me now.” I persisted.
He shook his head, “I can’t. There are too many things that don’t make enough sense yet. I will, though.”
“Do you know that kid?” I was suddenly a little alarmed. I could be completely off track and just so wanting him to be like me that I was going down the wrong path with my suspicions altogether. What if it was something much, much simpler? After all, it wasn’t that unusual for a younger boy to get a crush on an older girl… “Is he gonna turn out to be some kind of stalker or something? Because I really don’t need that.”
“No, I agree,” he said, “you really don’t need that.” he added with a small frown, “I don’t think so but I’d like to be sure.” He added.
I groaned. I really didn’t need some weird guy hanging around because he knew where I hung out all the time I wasn’t at school.
“Hey, don’t worry, Sophie.” Cody smiled at me. “My brothers and I are around the centre most of the time. We’ll see anyone off that bothers you.”
“Gee, thanks.” I said sarcastically. “You sound like my dad.”
He chuckled. “He’s just looking out for you.” He said and I realised that he was serious.
“What are you doing next?” I asked him.
“Nothing. I’ve got a free period right now. I’ll probably just catch up with my maths homework. Do you have a lesson now?”
I nodded. “’fraid so.” I said wrinkling my nose, “I’ve got an hour of science to endure.” I replied.
Cody pulled a face, “Well, that’s a shame,” he said, “it would have been nice to hang out and get to know you a little better.”
I frowned at him. Was he making fun of me? He was really hard to work out but right now he actually did look a little disappointed – in fact he actually seemed to quite like me – and my crush on him was cruising at top speed. I found myself feeling as deflated as he looked.
“Oh well,” he said with a smile, “another time maybe. Can I walk you to class?” He took my hand in his, making me blush like crazy. I nodded, unable to speak I was so shocked. The best-looking guy in the school was holding my hand. Mine! Why couldn’t there be loads of my classmates around to witness this?
We walked together in silence. I was racking my brains for something to talk to him about, but it wasn’t actually necessary because he thought of something first. He turned to me with a grin, “My shoulder really is killing me,” He shook his head, “You could have told me about holding the gun wrong.”
I blushed. “Yeah, sorry about that,” I said.
He just laughed softly. “I’ll see you around.” He said and then sauntered off towards the library.
Turning towards the science lab, I had more of a spring in my step than I’d had before we’d crossed paths…


Chapter 8 – Yes, I’m jealous….

Cody

Almost like the parting of the red sea, the students all seemed to part, leaving a path clear for me to home right in on Sophie. It was like magic and I wasn’t missing my chance...
Bless her. She tried and failed quite spectacularly to avoid me but wound up bumping straight into me. I was absolutely delighted – it gave me the chance to touch her – something I’d found was downright pleasurable to the point of being something I couldn’t live without. The tingling feelings that went through me every time we touched was absolutely amazing.
“Oh, sorry,” she mumbled going that delightful shade of pink that seemed to be reserved for me and me alone.
I couldn’t keep the silly grin off my face, “Hey – that’s okay, Sophie.” I couldn’t resist running my hand down her arm. I watched her face closely looking for a reaction and I got one. Her eyes were definitely searching mine with a slightly puzzled frown when she looked up at me. Could she feel that too, then? I’ll bet she could… “How’s your shoulder?” she asked with a definite smirk.
I shrugged trying to look nonchalant, “S’okay, I guess.” I grinned at her but with her mentioning the outdoor centre I suddenly remembered a couple things that had really bothered me the other day; I didn’t mean to scowl at her so fiercely but I guess I must have done because she actually stepped away from me; I reined in what I was going to say and instead glanced across at Faron, “You’re very friendly with that guy.” I must have sounded like a right jealous idiot – and, to be fair, that’s exactly what I was…
She turned and looked at him; frowning, she looked back at me, “Faron?”
I nodded, my scowl firmly in place.
She was doing her best to stop herself from grinning, but that was completely futile since I could hear what she was thinking anyway. I knew it wasn’t my imagination anymore. Is he jealous? She sounded as though she couldn’t quite believe it, but at the same time, totally stoked about it. A second later she’d completely dismissed the concept.
“I’m not jealous,” I assured her. Yeah right, big fat liar, “Just wondered.”
She gave a little shrug of her shoulders, “He’s my best friend,” she explained, “We hit it off as soon as we met years ago. He’s about the only person in this whole school who actually likes me and is nice to me.” She stopped talking but I heard what she said in her mind anyway. It was getting easier and easier to pick up her thought processes, Way to go, Sophie – make him think you’re a total loser why don’t you? My heart skipped a beat. She seemed to actually care what I thought. That was a bit of a breakthrough… maybe she didn’t dislike me as much as I’d first thought.
“I don’t believe that for one minute.” I said. “What’s not to like?” I gave her my most charming grin. She just shrugged, blushing that lovely shade of pink again.
I was on a roll today – of self-mortification. Why I couldn’t just keep my mouth shut was completely beyond me… “That guy Tad seems to really like you down at the outdoor centre, too.” I said. Now what the hell was I doing? She was going to totally know that I wanted her to be mine at this rate.
She nodded, looking at me with a knowing grin – well, I guess it was better than the usual scowl she treated me to, “Yeah, well, I’ve known him for years too.” 
I was proper miffed at her explanation, “Don’t you have any girlfriends?” I found myself asking her in total irritation. What was it with her? Did she just prefer guys?
Jealous, are you? I heard her wondering to herself again and my mind screamed back at her, Of course I am you idiot! You’re supposed to be with me! 
She was answering me truthfully though, which couldn’t have been easy given the nature of the answer, “Not really – no,” she said looking a little subdued, “like I said, most people are intimidated by the fact that I’m a brainbox.” she rolled her eyes.
I smiled at her encouragingly, “Well, I’m no slouch either,” I assured her; I thought I’d better clear up the small matter of being jealous too, “and I’m really not jealous,” Aw, who the hell was I kidding? “Well, maybe a little.”
She looked at me a little suspiciously but then she shook her head and explained, “Tad and I have been friends for a long time. He’s worked there with his dad since we were eight and ten.”
I nodded. Well, I’d have to accept that, then wouldn’t I? Another thought suddenly struck me though – what the hell had that kid wanted to know her name for the other day? That was something to be a little more than concerned about, “What did that young kid want the other day?”
“What young kid?” She looked completely baffled.
“The one who asked your name?” Well, really? How many young guys hit on her on a daily basis? Depressingly, probably loads…
She stared at me, genuinely mystified that I was asking. Ah, this could be awkward. I hadn’t actually been anywhere near her – I’d just been thinking about her and that made it much easier to hear her thoughts and her voice. I was going to have to play this one cool if she started asking awkward questions. Thankfully though, she just answered the question, “Um, nothing – he asked me if my name was Sophie Milestone. I told him that yes I was, and that was it.”
I couldn’t keep the frown off my face but I tried my best, “Right,” I said, nodding.
She was still looking at me suspiciously, “Have you got a problem with that?” she asked.
I smiled, “No – at least, not yet.” Damn it, I was letting my guard down. Something I found far too easy to do around her. 
She was giving me that confused look again, “What are you on about?” she asked.
Avoidance tactics! My mind screamed at me and I was genuinely grateful that she didn’t seem able to read my mind yet; something I was sure she’d be able to do sooner rather than later, “Me?” I asked, trying to look all innocent.
“Yes, you,” she narrowed her eyes.
She was like an angry little kitten, “Nothing. I promise.” I said, trying not to laugh.
“Like I’d believe that,” she said with a rude snort I had no idea she was capable of.
I felt bad, “Look, I’m sorry for being all mysterious about it but I really can’t tell you now. I will tell you though, I promise.” I didn’t really have a clue how I was supposed to explain all of this to her. If she was like me that would definitely make it easier – but if she wasn’t… well, I was totally screwed…
Her eyes widened and she gave me a look that told me she had an idea about something between us. My heart spiked and I wondered if I should just blurt everything out. “Tell me now.” She said, her voice urgent.
I bit my lip. I couldn’t rat out my family to a virtual stranger, no matter how much I thought she was the same. I had to have more proof first. I shook my head, “I can’t. There are too many things that don’t make enough sense yet.” I saw the look of disappointment on her face and felt like a real heel. “I will though.” I promised.
We chatted for a while longer and feeling brave and hoping against hope that she wouldn’t reject me, I grabbed her hand and offered to walk her to class.
To my surprise and delight she didn’t object in the slightest and actually seemed to quite welcome my company. This was a good thing. Things were definitely looking up.


Chapter 9 – Bagging a date…

Faron

Jared slung his arm around my shoulder, pressing himself into my side as he did so and making my heart do somersaults I didn’t order. “Dude!” He crowed, “I’ve got a date with the hottest girl in the year!” 
I was happy that Jared hadn’t freaked out about our kiss on the park all that time ago but I couldn’t help feeling disappointed every time he told me about a new girl he’d got a date with. And I knew it was ridiculous – he was obviously either straight or totally in denial about his sexuality – and either way, it left me completely out of the picture. I was grateful that we were still the best of mates, but it wasn’t enough and if I was honest – it was never going to be enough. I really needed to move on…
I forced a smile. Well, that was just great. The only guy I’d ever had real feelings for – and he was all excited over yet another girl – it was downright depressing. “Great,” I said, “who is it?”
He looked at me as if I was blind or something and I guess, as far as girls were concerned, I was. They totally weren’t on my radar.
“Chelsea Simpson.” He said with a grin. “She’s hot.” He licked his finger and made a hissing sound as if it was sizzling. I rolled my eyes and nodded. I guess she was if you were into that sort of thing. I was quite sure she was smoking, but I couldn’t muster any enthusiasm for him. I was glad he was happy. I just couldn’t understand why he’d kissed me if what he really wanted was girls. It just didn’t make much sense, somehow…
I punched his arm affectionately. “That’s really cool. Could you maybe help me with a date I’m trying to pull off?”
His expression changed almost instantly to one of shock. He frowned at me. “You what?” he finally asked, sounding almost pissed off with me.
I took a deep breath. He wasn’t interested in me that way and I really had to move on. It was ridiculous to continue to wait in the hope that he might one day realise that I was the one. It was never gonna happen… “Dean Graham. You know the guy I mean? The one that plays basketball on a Thursday night. I pointed him out to you a couple of weeks ago.”
We’d been to watch a couple of games. We both liked the game, but neither of us were really what you could call good at it, so playing wasn’t really an option. 
He nodded, still frowning. “And you really think he’s…?” he trailed off, obviously not wanting to say the G word.
I nodded, “Totally,” I said confidently. There was no mistaking my ‘gaydar’ on this one. The guy was definitely gay.
He looked slightly taken aback. He clearly hadn’t noticed. On the one hand, that was a relief because Dean Graham was way better looking than I was. On the other it was because all he ever noticed was the girls – making him even more out of my reach. It really wasn’t easy being in love with your best mate... 
He was nodding, looking thoughtfully at me, “Well, okay – if you’re sure he’s the one you want.” He grinned suddenly at me, catching me off guard. He really shouldn’t do that, it played havoc with my emotions. “I’ll totally nail that date for you…”
I watched him saunter off and sighed, a lump forming in my throat. Dean Graham so wasn’t the one I really wanted but the one I really wanted – the one that was delighted to help me bag a date – was never going to want me – and that was the most depressing feeling in the world…


Chapter 10 – Figuring it all out…

Sophie

Faron was waiting for me when I got to class. He had a huge grin on his face – much the same as I had, thanks to Cody walking me to class. I was a little disturbed that my happiness had improved tenfold since he’d arrived and starting taking an interest in me. Was I really that shallow? Shoot me, I obviously was…
“What are you looking so pleased with yourself about?” I asked.
“I just got myself a date for Friday night.” He said, “Or rather, Jared got it for me.”
I flung my arms around his neck and hugged him tight. “Brilliant,” I said and kissed his cheek.
He nodded. “And by the looks of you and Cody Conner strolling here hand in hand – you could well be bagging yourself a date of your own before long.” He nudged my shoulder.
I blushed and suppressed a small sigh, “Maybe – but you’re forgetting the small matter that my dad absolutely forbids it.”
Faron rolled his eyes and nodded. “Of course,” he agreed, “I forgot about old man Milestone’s rules.” He grinned suddenly. Lowering his voice, he gave me a meaningful look and whispered, “It looks to me as if you’re gonna have to polish that gift of yours and uh, disappear…”
At that moment Mr Howard, the science teacher walked in and gave everyone a stern stare. We all immediately stopped talking and sat forward. He wasn’t one for messing about in his classes. Not that Faron or I ever did mess around. We were model students, usually. Today however, I was finding it very difficult to keep my mind on the lesson. Faron wasn’t faring any better and had already taken a tongue lashing from Mr Howard.
“Jesus, what’s his problem?” he hissed.
I shrugged and tried to push my thoughts of Cody to the back of my mind – but with absolutely no success whatsoever. I could barely think of anything else. I had absolutely no idea if he really did like me or if this was some huge joke that I wasn’t party to but something about him seemed to be absolutely genuine. I guessed only time would really tell and if things did progress between us... that would be the time to start worrying about what my dad thought about it…


Chapter 11 – She’s the one…

Cody

Sophie was absolutely spot-on with her assessment of my feelings towards Faron and Tad. Damn right I was jealous! She didn’t need a best friend anymore. I was here now – and I wanted her all to myself – all of the time. 
It hadn’t occurred to me that the best friend was just that – her best friend. There was no romantic involvement between them at all. 
I kind of sussed that a little belatedly… and there was me thinking I knew what a gay guy looked like, having a brother that was gay. Turns out I was as clueless as the next person.
Ethan, of course, put me straight… “What on earth are you on about?” he asked in amusement as I grumbled about the whole thing.
The three of us were sat around the dinner table. Something we did quite a lot in the evenings once Mum and Dad retired to the lounge. It was kind of nice to unwind and chat about our day. I’d already told them both that I liked Sophie. Well, let’s face it, it was completely pointless trying to hide it when they could both just pluck it out of my head anyway. I was grumbling about how much time she spent with that loser mate of hers, and throwing in comments about the way he looked at her.
“What?” I asked defensively.
Ethan chuckled and shook his head at me, “He’s not looking at her in any special way. He’s gay, you idiot – couldn’t you tell?”
“No,” I said sulkily, feeling mortally embarrassed that I had failed to notice when I’d grown up with him. “How do you know?”
Dakota watched our exchange with a big grin on his face. He clearly thought Ethan was right and that I was just completely stupid, too. I turned on him. “And why didn’t you tell me, if you knew?” I snarled, feeling really embarrassed and completely stupid.
He chuckled, making me want to hit him, “It’s more fun watching you torture yourself half to death with jealousy – all you’ve got to do is tell the girl how you feel. You know how she feels about you. She pings those messages into your head a hundred times a day.” Seeing my expression, he was quick to add, “you’ve said as much yourself.” I nodded, feeling relieved that they didn’t know what she really thought about me – but of course Dakota hadn’t finished with me. He grinned, “but we can pick them out of your head as easy as falling off a log, too.”
I blushed. I hated the lack of privacy between us sometimes. “Well, you can stop that!” I said hotly, “And what if she really doesn’t like me?”
Dakota shook his head, “Dude, from what her head’s saying…”
“Yeah, right,” I huffed, “so she likes the way I look.” I said miserably, “Doesn’t mean she doesn’t think I’m a total jerk. A big-headed show off.”
Ethan grinned, looking gleeful, “When did she think that?” he asked.
“She thinks it all the time,” Dakota snorted.
I threw my book at him, which was a really stupid thing to do, because he of course just deflected it immediately and I watched it with vague disappointment as it flew out of the window.
“Thanks,” I deadpanned, “I needed that for school tomorrow.”
He shrugged, “You sit next to Sophie, don’t you? Looks like you’re gonna have to share; either that or you can get off your arse and go poking around in next door’s garden for your book.”
Well, I wasn’t about to do that – but sharing with Sophie... Well, that wasn’t so bad. My heart lifted. I turned back to Ethan, “Anyone else in school that might be gay?” I asked him, hopeful that he might find someone for himself. He shrugged. “Dean Graham in Dakota’s year is, but he’s got a thing for Faron and I wouldn’t be half surprised if Faron’s other mate – Jared, is it? I think he might be too but he seems in denial at the moment. In any case you’ve got nothing to worry about – that girl is all yours.”
I sighed, “God, I hope you’re right.”
“You don’t have to hope of being wrong, Cody,” Dakota agreed with a grin, “Mum’s always right. She’s the one.”


Chapter 12 – Different Breed

Sophie

I was filling up the clays the following Saturday morning when I realised I was no longer alone.
I looked up in surprise as a second pair of hands started helping me. “What do you think you’re doing?” I asked in surprise, staring at him, “I get paid for this. I’m not supposed to have help.” I felt my face heating up as our eyes met.
He shrugged, a smile playing around his rather lovely lips. “Are you always like this?” he asked.
“Like what?” I asked, instantly irritated.
He shrugged, “Prickly,” He said with a grin.
I gaped at him. “I’m not prickly.” I said indignantly.
He chuckled. “Well, okay I’ll believe you. I’ve seen the way you are with Faron and I saw how nice you were to that tall, gangly guy the other day – but generally speaking, you’re not very nice to me.” He said, pouting a little.
I opened my mouth to retort, but really what could I say? I hadn’t ever really been nice to him. “Well, I’m really sorry about that, then…” I said awkwardly. “But you always seem to be making fun of me.”
He grinned charmingly at me, “Can we maybe start again?” His glorious silvery-blue eyes were twinkling at me and I found myself nodding.
He stuck his hand out. “Nice to meet you, Sophie, my name is Cody Conner and I’d really like it if we could be friends.”
I laughed and shook my head. He was well weird. “Nice to meet you, too, Cody Conner,” I said and shook his offered hand. I let go very quickly. Touching him was making me feel light-headed. Everything tingled at his touch and besides, he was far too good-looking.
He grinned. “So, how about you tell me all about yourself?” He said.
I looked at him blankly, “Like what?”
He shrugged. “Have you always lived round here?”
“Yes.”
He smiled at me. “Okay, I can see that this whole ‘talking about yourself’ isn’t a strong point,” He narrowed his eyes at me and touched his chin, “Okay – let me think.”
I rolled my eyes waiting for him to decide what he was going to ask next.
“I’ve got it! I just have to ask more questions.” He grinned cockily at me. I shook my head and looked up at the sky. He was incorrigible. “How many brothers and sisters have you got? Who was your first date? What pets have you got?” He gazed at me as if I was the most interesting thing in the entire universe, his eyes burning into mine and turning my knees to jelly.
I stared back at him, transfixed. “I have one sister, Dana. She’s fifteen but she thinks she’s twenty-five; no one. I’ve not had my first date yet and none, my cat died last year. His name was Neptune because he liked to go in the lake.”
He raised an eyebrow at that, “Really?”
“Yeah, honest,” I nodded. Neptune had been a really funny cat. He caught fish in the lake. He was pretty damned amazing and I often wondered if he was from Gore too…
“And you’ve never had a date?” Cody persisted.
“Never,” I replied.
“Well, now. That’s music to my ears.” He smiled, “Would you like to be mine?”
I did a double take. No way… “I beg your pardon?” I asked a little squeakily.
He smiled again and nodded, “My first date?”
“Are you seriously trying to convince me that you’ve never had a first date?” I deadpanned, looking at him as if he’d just grown another head. Yeah, right! There was just no way…
He shook his head. “Dad forbids it.” He said firmly.
I stared at him for a moment. He stared back at me, without a flicker of amusement in his face. He really was serious. Wow. I recovered myself, “So does mine,” I replied a little dolefully, “So where does that leave us?”
He frowned and then he brightened. Lowering his voice to barely more than a whisper he said, “We’ll just have to do it in secret.” He said, his eyes twinkling, “I know. What time do you take your lunch break?” he looked at me hopefully.
“Twelve-thirty.” I said, still utterly bewildered by his interest in me.
“Cool,” He straightened up, a huge grin on his face, “I guess I’ll see you in the café, then.” He sauntered off back to one of his brothers. I think it was Dakota, but to be honest, they all looked so alike it was difficult from this distance to work it out. Whichever one it was, he seemed to be shaking his head in disbelief and he looked as though he was laughing as Cody approached him. Surely, he couldn’t have heard what we were saying from this distance… unless of course, as I was beginning to suspect more and more, Billy was right. It was becoming increasingly apparent that they actually might be more like me than I’d ever thought possible…
I glanced back towards them. Dakota couldn’t possibly have heard his brother asking me out, if they were just normal guys. So, why was he now smacking his brother around the head in a friendly, but warning fashion? Boys... They were like another breed altogether sometimes. Well, Faron wasn’t like that, but I put that down to the fact that he was gay and therefore not nearly as obtuse but I had an uncomfortable feeling that this particular family were not quite such a different breed to me, after all…


Chapter 13 – First Date Nerves…

Cody

I’d done it. I’d actually asked her for a date and she’d kind of accepted. Now all I had to do was get through the date without her thinking I was a total douche. That was the hard part…
I think I’d conducted myself pretty well. Shaking hands was a stroke of genius. I was absolutely convinced that she could feel the same tingling sensation that I could feel. I’d eventually bitten the bullet and had asked Mum. She was almost delirious with happiness that another one of us had found our significant other (I was still sort of in denial that me and Sophie would turn out to be kindred spirits. It was just far too scary to think about) and she wanted to help me in any way she could.
“Ask me anything Cody,” she said, beaming at me.
I shook my head and asked myself for the thousandth time why I was putting myself through all this teenage angst, when I had enough to deal with worrying about my less than perfect past.
“Stop worrying about what has gone before, Cody,” Mum soothed, “You were wondering if she could feel the same sensation when you touch?”
I blushed bright red and my heart started to thump. This was mortifying. “Uh, yeah – kind of…”
“If indeed she is one of us, then most definitely, yes.” she nodded emphatically, “If not, the most she would get would be a tingling in her fingertips.”
I went back to Dakota, wondering if it was just the fingertips and hoping against hope it was the same full works that I was experiencing. He was grinning from ear to ear. No doubt he’d been listening to every word – the sneaky git.
“Well done,” he said as I approached, “I didn’t think you’d ever do it!”
I grinned at him, “That was the most nerve-wracking thing I’ve ever done.”
He smacked me round the head affectionately, “You dope,” He chortled, “Now just don’t mess it up!”
We’d hired the basketball courts for the morning. It was really muddy. The rain had been relentless for days and Dakota had been stuck in the mud for a couple of hours the week before. He’d been with Sophie for the whole hour. I was well-jeal about it – even though he had absolutely no interest in her at all. He was more attracted to her younger sister, Dana – we just didn’t have any idea how she might feel about him. Dakota was keen for me to get things moving with Sophie in order that he might get to know Dana better and find out.
I couldn’t concentrate on the game and I kept missing hoops. Dakota was amused by my total lack of co-ordination. “Man – you really have got it bad!”
I nodded, rolling my eyes, “You don’t have to tell me that.” I snapped, “I already know!”
Dakota snorted in amusement, “You’d better go and get yourself cleaned up. It’s nearly time to meet her.”
I bolted for the changing rooms. I came out again, ten minutes later, smelling more like a girl than she did, no doubt and feeling terribly self-conscious.
I made my way to the coffee shop on slightly wobbly legs. Get a grip, Cody, I commanded myself.


Sophie

“Hi,” Cody was stood a little nervously and waiting, no doubt, for me to give him the go ahead to join me.
“Hello.” I replied. “Are you gonna sit down?”
He nodded. “Sure. Just making sure I was actually welcome.”
I smiled encouragingly. Did I really give off such an unwelcoming vibe? “You’re welcome.” I said.
“Well, that’s good then, I guess.” He eyed me, giving me a huge grin that made my knees feel really quite weak.
He sat down right next to me, so closely that his thigh was brushing against mine and sending that electric shock feeling through me again. I wondered briefly if he could feel it too. He didn’t say anything though, so I guessed not.
He sat silently for a moment and then turned to me with a shy smile, “So, will you tell me something else about yourself?”
I looked at him quizzically. “Like what?” I’m not telling you that I talk to my family through my mind – and I’m certainly not telling you what else I can do…
His smile widened, making my heart beat a little faster. He was stunningly good-looking, “Oh, I don’t know,” he shrugged, “what music do you like? Who’s your favourite actor? Anything! I just want to know you better.”
“Why?” I asked him incredulously. What on earth could he really see in me?
He frowned at me as if he couldn’t understand why I would question him, “Because I think you’re lovely,” he blurted out, “I have done since we first met.”
I gaped at him. This was utter madness. He was Adonis personified. And I was just little old me. Nothing special, mousy spiral curls that went everywhere, fairly plain – cute at best. What the hell did he see in me?
“I see something else in you,” He murmured, “Something beneath the surface.”
I shivered. It was almost as if he was answering my internal questions…
“Look, it was really nice of you to ask me on a date and I’m flattered – really. But this is ridiculous. Look at you and then look at me.”
“But you’re beautiful,” He said earnestly, gazing at me with a puzzled look on his face that I just didn’t seem to get it.
That was it. I knew damned well that I was anything but. I stood up. “Right.” I said, “That’s enough. I don’t know what sort of joke you’ve cooked up with your brothers but I saw how you and Dakota laughed after you’d asked me for this, this…” I rolled my eyes, “Well, it’s hardly a date, but still,” I took a deep breath. “So, you can tell him I was sucked in. You can have a laugh at my expense, by all means but don’t expect me to believe any more of your stupid lies – as flattering as they are.”
He gaped at me. I squeezed past him and left. As soon as I got outside, I dematerialised and landed back in my bedroom, where I flung myself down on my bed and promptly burst into tears.
My phone buzzed next to me. It was a text message from Faron. “Hey babe. Cody wants your number – shall I give?”
I sighed and texted back, “No way.”
“Why not?”
“I don’t want him to have it – it’s no big deal.”
“Yeah, right.”
The phone buzzed again. This time it was from Cody. I rolled my eyes. Why ask if he wasn’t going to do as I asked anyway?
“I don’t know why you think so poorly of me. Maybe it’s my natural ability to repel beautiful women or something – but please believe me. I really like you and I just want to get to know you better. Sorry if my awkward flirting has put you off me – but I don’t really have any experience in telling someone that I like them. It’s never happened to me before.
See you soon
Cody xx”

I read it about five hundred times and each time I found a reason for him to still be taking the piss. I just couldn’t fathom why someone like him wanted someone like me. I switched the phone off and lay on my back staring at the ceiling…


Chapter 14 – Detention 

Cody

I couldn’t believe I’d blown it by telling her that I thought she was beautiful, because I totally did. She was perfect in every way. She clearly didn’t believe me. She’d bolted for the door and had vanished in seconds. She had to be able to dematerialise. There really was no other explanation.
I didn’t really know what to do. I’d got Faron’s number during the week before. Yes, I was a sneaky git. He’d grinned from ear to ear and had given me the number, promising that he’d help me get a date if it was the last thing he did. I couldn’t help really liking him after that. He was a really cool guy.
I didn’t know what else to do, other than text him and ask for Sophie’s number. I hadn’t gotten around to getting that yet.
“Hey, Faron. Cody here. I somehow managed to totally screw up my date with Sophie. Could you give me her number so I can apologise?”
He’d texted me back pretty much immediately with her number and wished me good luck.
I sent a text trying to explain exactly how I felt about her, but she never sent me one back. I was still no further forward than I was before our date – in fact, I was at least a few steps further back…
I kept going over the ‘date’ in my mind – trying to work out where I went wrong. Maybe it was that I seemed to answer her internal questions out loud. That might seem a little freaky to someone who wasn’t familiar with their gift and that was the only explanation. If she was on my mother’s radar then she was definitely one of us – whether she knew it was of course another matter entirely – after all, not all hybrids know what they are. My sister-in-law, Ffion, was living proof of that.
I wasn’t even sure if that was the problem, though. It seemed to me that Sophie was just unwilling to accept the truth – that I really liked her – a lot. And that was far more difficult to overcome…


Sophie

In my stupid excitement of being asked on a date by Cody Conner, I’m ashamed to admit that I completely forgot about a piece of history homework that was supposed to be have been handed in.
It was all Faron’s fault. He was the only person who could have given Cody my number and I had to know what had happened.
I called him, “Faron?” I asked icily.
“Sophie.” He sounded like he was grinning. The sneaky git.
“You gave Cody my number.” I said accusingly.
He chuckled, “I so did,” he admitted without a shred of remorse, “and?”
I sighed, “And he sent me a text. It was really sweet and everything…” I trailed off, not really knowing where I was going with my musings.
Thankfully, Faron knew me well and was quite used to my indecision about almost everything, “So give him a chance,” he ventured gently, “I think he genuinely likes you – he’s just awkward.”
I snorted in disbelief, “How can someone that confident and good-looking be awkward around someone like me?”
“Someone like you?” Faron sounded puzzled, “What are you talking about?”
“Well, you know – I’m so….” Ordinary. There was no other word for it.
“Beautiful? Funny? Adorable?” Faron sounded like he was smiling.
“You’re biased.” I reminded him.
He chuckled, “I might be biased, but it doesn’t mean it isn’t true,” he sighed, “I guess I ought to go. I’m pretty sure there was some homework I should be doing.”
There definitely was. History for starters, I took a deep breath and let it all go again, “Yeah, me too.” I sighed, “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
The forgotten homework wouldn’t necessarily have been a problem with any other teacher, but Mr Johansson, our History teacher, didn’t take kindly to homework not being completed and he immediately issued me with a detention for the next evening.
I took it on the chin. I should have completed the homework after all, instead of lying on my bed all night after coming off the phone to Faron, staring into space and going over in my head again and again the conversation Cody and I had before I threw a wobbler and stomped off. And then I couldn’t stop thinking about his text message. It was so sweet, so raw and honest – but at the same time, just so unbelievable.
I dragged myself to the third floor, where I’d been told the detention was being held. Mr Field, our head of year was there looking over his glasses sternly at all of the assembled students. For a small community, there sure were a lot of students that clearly couldn’t conduct themselves properly… His eyes about popped out of his head when I walked in the room. I wasn’t known for stepping out of line. “Take a seat, Miss Milestone,” he murmured, indicating to a space on the second row from the back. I hurried towards it with my head down and got my books out, doing my utmost to blend into the crowd.
I was working on my History homework when I became aware that someone was stood in front of me, waiting patiently for my attention. I looked up.
Cody was stood in front of me. His hands were stuffed in his pockets and he looked totally out of his comfort zone. I couldn’t for the life of me understand what he was doing there. Mr Field would rip his head off if he caught him out of his seat…
“What do you want?” I snapped. I was feeling particularly waspish for even being there, let alone finding that he also had a detention. That was seriously just taking the piss…
He gazed at me steadily, “Mr Field left the room and I had to speak to you.”
I leaned to the side and saw that the classroom door was indeed open and Mr Field was nowhere to be seen. The noise level in the room had also increased, telling me that most of the other students had realised they had a five-minute interlude, too. He’d probably gone for a coffee or something. I looked back up at Cody and could have melted on the spot. He had the cutest, perplexed expression on his face as he studied me. He started to speak again, “It probably won’t make any difference to the way you quite clearly feel about me – but I still need to say something to you.”
I swallowed hard. He obviously had absolutely no idea how I really felt about him and if I was honest, that was the way I wanted it to stay… “Then say it and go back to wherever you’re supposed to be sitting.” I grumbled. I was shaking on the inside. Just what the hell did he want from me?
I’d never been allowed to date. I was completely clueless. So much so that I’d never even kissed a guy. Not that I’d ever wanted to before. But Cody... If I was going to be honest with myself, he was all I could think about. I wanted to kiss him so much it hurt!
I chanced a glance back up at him. His eyes really were the most unusual colour. They were neither blue nor silver but somewhere in between the two. He was absolutely breathtaking... He was talking to me and I couldn’t believe what he was saying…
“Before I got here, I wasn’t a very nice person. I was falling, Sophie. I was completely in free-fall, twisting and turning like a cliff diver out of control off the highest peak. I was heading for a very bad place.” He paused, his eyes so intense that I couldn’t have torn my gaze away if my life depended on it. I was completely entranced, “But then I met you and somehow or other it seems to me that you saw what was happening and somehow…” he shrugged helplessly, “well, somehow you caught me….” his face had turned a definite shade of pink, which was adorable – and what he’d just said was mind-blowing. I couldn’t let him see that, though... Giving myself a mental shake, I took a deep breath and tried my best to compose myself. He was good at this stuff. I’d been completely mesmerised.
“I caught you?” I deadpanned giving him what I hoped was a sarcastic look. On the inside though, my heart was thumping away like a good ‘un. That had to be the most beautiful and romantic thing anyone had ever said to... well, anyone. My problem was, why he was wasting his time with me? There were hundreds of gorgeous girls in this school and they were all completely normal and non-freaky. “I caught you? What are you on?”
“Do you really not get it?” He asked, leaning towards me. His face was so close to mine, I could see the flecks of silver that ran through his ice-blue eyes... Fascinating.
“No,” I breathed, “I really don’t get it.” What did he want with me for God’s sake? As far as anyone could see, I was quite beyond boring. All I did was go to school, get straight A’s and help out at my Dad’s activity centre. I wasn’t even good at the sports with the exception of the shooting. I really was ‘Dead-eye Dick’ at that, as my dad jokingly referred to me as.
Cody grinned at me. “Dead-eye Dick?” he asked.
I stared at him with my mouth hanging open. Surely, I hadn’t said that out loud? How embarrassing…
Then it occurred to me in a massive rush of colourful, emotional energy. He really was like my parents, my sister and I. He had to be – because he could hear my thoughts. Oh, my God. He really could do it too? Holy Shit!
“And there was me thinking you didn’t swear.” He said quietly with a proper smirk on his glorious face.
My jaw dropped, “How long have you been listening?” I hissed, once I’d pulled myself together. I was mortified, thinking about the way I’d been wondering if he was talking to me.
“Long enough,” He replied raising an eyebrow and treating me to a cheeky grin.
“Oh, no.” I put my face in my hands and groaned and then I thought of something. I looked up at him, “Can I ask you something?”
“Sure.” His eyes danced. He knew what I was going to ask already because he’d already heard it in my head!
I bit my lip and looked at him, wondering if I really should ask. Deciding that it made no difference either way, I shrugged and I finally asked, “How far can you hear?”
“Do you mean as in actually hearing?” He lowered his voice to barely a whisper, “Or how far can I talk to you through my mind?”
Oh, my God! “Well – both,” I felt my face begin to burn as I got more and more embarrassed with each passing second. He could have heard absolutely everything!
“Quite a long way,” He grinned, “On both counts.”
Oh hell! “So, when I’m thinking about you…”
“Oh, yeah,” He growled, his grin turning totally wicked, “I get that in full HD!”
My face burned crimson with embarrassment.
“Mr Conner!” 
Cody sighed and looked across to where Mr Field had reappeared – coffee in hand. “Yes, sir?” he asked politely.
“Back in your seat,” he snapped with a frown. He clearly wasn’t impressed with our newest pupil, “this isn’t a ‘getting to know you’ session and I would have thought you would want to make a rather better impression here than at your last school.”
“Sir,” Cody replied stiffly. I noticed that his easy smile had disappeared as he regarded Mr Field. I couldn’t really blame him. It wasn’t the best to be bawled out in front of an entire class and there really wasn’t any need to bring up his conduct at his previous school. He couldn’t have been that bothered though since he turned around and grinned at me, rolled his eyes and sauntered back to his seat as though he didn’t have a care in the world.
I kept my head down, a million questions were whizzing through my mind at once, no doubt every one of them being listened to by that sneaky Cody Conner. I chanced a peek across the room at him. He was staring at me, a little smile on his lips. He raised his eyebrows at me as our eyes met and he nodded.
I blushed crimson again and looked back down. I heard his voice in my head as clearly as if he’d been stood right next to me. We can still talk to each other if you want to – no one else in here can hear us.
I whipped my head around and stared back at him. Had he really just spoken to me in my head?
Did you just speak to me?
He nodded and rolled his eyes at me. Of course – what do you think I’ve been telling you?
This is nuts? How? Well, even I wasn’t that stupid. Of course, I knew how. I was just a little surprised that he’d demonstrated it right here in the room.
He grinned across the room at me, I’m guessing we’re not that dissimilar?
I found myself grinning back at him, suddenly absolutely delighted that he’d finally shown me what I’d only tentatively hoped so far. Are your parents both like this?
His grin got even wider. Oh, yes, he said with conviction.
Holy sh… Everything was suddenly looking so much better for us.
Language, Sophie!
I pulled a face at him, making him have to stifle a chuckle. We need to talk.
He gave the slightest of nods. Keeping his head down. I’m walking you home, he said firmly, even if you can get there faster without me.
I smirked. How did you know I walk faster without you?
The other day. I stepped out of the door and you’d vanished. I’m guessing it’s something you’re pretty gifted at.
You guessed right.
I broke off the connection and tried to concentrate on getting my history assignment finished. He was waiting for me outside the classroom when we were dismissed.
I glanced up at him and nearly died of embarrassment on the spot. He’d been listening to all my inner thoughts about him! If I’d have known, I might have edited a little. He wasn’t in the slightest bit embarrassed about eavesdropping…
“I wasn’t eavesdropping, Sophie. When you think stuff, it gets straight into my brain without me being able to defend myself from it. It’s like I’m getting you on a channel all of its own. It’s weird, but I’m quite enjoying it now that I’ve got used to it and all the awful things you think about me on a more or less constant basis.”
My jaw dropped as I took in what he’d said, “Oh my God. Why is this happening?”
He shrugged. “I’m not sure, although I asked my Mum. She’s kind of into… stuff…” Stuff? What sort of stuff? I looked at him enquiringly but he didn’t elaborate, he just carried on, “And she has a theory…” He bit his lip and looked across the field.
I was immediately intrigued, “What theory?”
He shook his head, “I’ll tell you some other time – is that your sister and your dad?”
I groaned. It clearly wasn’t just Cody I was sending un-shielded messages to. There was no other explanation for them being there. “Um, yeah. I told them I’d be late.”
“Sure, you did.” He grinned at me.
I smiled back at him sheepishly. “Okay, I guess they must have been listening in on my very loud frequency too.”
“I’d prefer to think that your extra loud frequency was just for my mind.” He caught my hand in his briefly, sending shock waves of electricity through me again. I looked up at him.
He nodded. “I feel that too. Every single time I touch you. I knew from the first moment we shook hands...”
I looked up at him, puzzled. It didn’t happen when I touched anyone else that was a hybrid. I’d held hands with my sister and my parents when we were small. I’d never felt a tingling sensation before, “I don’t understand it.”
He shrugged, “Me either – not really – but I like it and I’d quite like to see you again for another date.”
I shook my head, glancing across to where my dad was now glaring at us walking together. “I told you, I’m not allowed to date until I’m like thirty or something,” I gasped, beginning to feel a little panicky at his expression.
Cody cast a nervous glance towards my father, “Yeah, me too. So, we’ll have to work something out,” he started to walk a little further away from me.
I sighed as he got further away from me, “Cody,” he sighed, “this won’t work.”
“Do you like me?” He started walking backwards as he regarded me, putting his head on one side and treating me to his adorable lop-sided grin, “Even just a little bit?”
What sort of a stupid question was that? Here he was, mind-reader-extraordinaire and he had to ask?
“Okay, agreed – stupid question,” He grinned at me. “But please believe me when I say this. I like it that you’re like me because I’ve fancied you from the moment I walked up to that payment booth.”
I so wanted to believe him. But it didn’t make any sense that he would want to be with me.
“It makes perfect sense, Sophie,” he exclaimed, throwing his arms wide, as if I’d uttered the words out loud. He stepped back towards me and caught hold of my hand briefly again, “Can I talk to you later?”
We were getting awfully close to my dad now and I was beginning to get really nervous.
“Sure.” I squeaked.
His grin was reward enough, “Good,” he beamed at me, “I’ll check in with you around seven.”
He turned away and headed for the gate at the far end of the football pitch that took him closer to his home.
I turned to Dad, “Hi Dad, hi Dana,” I said as brightly as I could, “what are you doing here?”
Dad frowned at me, making my heart plummet. I didn’t like the look of disappointment on his face. “Detention?” he raised an eyebrow, “Really? How did this happen?”
“I forgot to hand in a history essay.” I answered him honestly.
“Is it done now?” he asked, glowering at me.
I nodded. “And handed in.” I added hurriedly.
Dad sighed, showing his disapproval, “Then we’ll say no more about it – but perhaps you should concentrate more on your studies for a while.” His eyes strayed to the far end of the football pitch, where Cody was just disappearing through the gate, and narrowed. I swallowed nervously and looked up at him. “You don’t have to work this weekend.” He said as he continued to look at the now vacated gate. I wondered if he expected him to reappear.
I nodded. I couldn’t argue. It seemed that Dad was doing something nice for me. I glanced at Dana. She was walking with her head down. I knew what Dad was doing and I guessed she did too. He was pretending to do me a favour, but actually he was just putting extra distance between Cody and I. Well, he could do as he liked. Cody was able to talk to me in my head now – and he couldn’t stop us doing that…


Chapter 15 – Silent Communication

Sophie

Sophie?
My heart skipped a beat as I heard Cody’s voice in my head. Yes?
Do you think anyone else can hear you?
Don’t think so – just you and me I think. I glanced across at my sister. I’d confided in her earlier since she’d seen me with Cody and had quite bluntly asked me what was going on. I’d told her all about him being able to talk to me in my head and she’d been absolutely fascinated. She was lying across my bed on her stomach, reading her book with her feet crossed in the air. I asked Dana to let me know if she could hear us talking and she hasn’t even looked up from her book so I’m guessing not.
Cool. Look, I know it’s a long shot and I totally understand if you think you’d get into too much trouble – but your ‘fast walk’? It’s dematerialising, isn’t it?
Yes.
Could you come over?
I’m really sorry. I can’t.
Okay. I’ll see you at school in the morning, then. Can we talk at break time?
Can you get away from your entourage? I asked sarcastically.
He chuckled. Yes, I think so.
Okay. I’ll see you then.
Yeah, see you, and Sophie?
Yes?
I meant what I said earlier. I’m really happy that you like me as much as I like you.
Me too, I sighed. I’d as good as admitted it anyway. If he really was playing me for a fool, well – it was his conscience he had to live with.
I’m not playing you. I love you.
I gasped. He’d gone.
Dana looked up. “Were you just talking to him?” she asked.
I nodded, still feeling a little stunned at his confession.
She shook her head slightly and grinned at me, “Well, you guys have a frequency all of your own. I didn’t hear a thing.”
“Good.” I replied heartily.
She sat up, swinging her legs forward and crossing them, she leaned slightly forward and dropped her voice to just above a whisper, “Hey, do you think you’ve got a kind of bond with him? You know? Like soulmates or something?” Her eyes sparkled with excitement.
“I don’t know,” I replied, trying to appear all nonchalant about the whole thing when my mind was doing nothing but scream ‘he loves me!’ “Maybe.”
She sighed happily, “That’s so romantic – and he’s so gorgeous too. You’re really lucky.”
I nodded cautiously. I still couldn’t quite believe it, “Yeah,” I agreed, “Either that or I’m completely being taken for a mug.”
“What do you mean?”
I rolled my eyes, “Well, come on. Look at him and then look at me!”
She frowned at me. “What?” She asked, looking genuinely confused.
Pulling a face, I got started, “Mousey hair, cute at best, girly swot, science geek... Need I go on?”
Dana shook her head at me, “Rubbish! You’re beautiful! And anyway, he’s just as clever as you – so is his brother.”
I raised an eyebrow. “Fancy his brother, do you?”
She shrugged and then shook her head. “Nah, not really,” she said with a sigh. “He’d never give me a second glance. He’s what? Seventeen? Why would he want me?”
I nodded, “I guess he is a little older than you,” I conceded, “but not that much.” She wasn’t actually a whole year younger than me. That was something else that was freaky about us hybrids, pregnancy was so much shorter at only six months so we’d had to lie and say we were premature babies. She was fifteen already so she was only two years younger than Dakota…
She let out a little groan, “But God yeah, I really do fancy him. He’s absolutely dreamy.”
“We’re talking Dakota I take it?” I thought I’d better check. If she fancied Ethan, I think she might be disappointed.
She nodded giving me one of her looks, “Well, clearly Ethan is out of the running.” She said rolling her eyes.
I grinned. I’d kind of got that impression too.


Chapter 16 – It’s out there, now…

Cody

I felt a little weird having admitted that I loved her. It wasn’t as if she felt the same way about me – but it was so hard to keep it in. I knew she liked me now at least, which was surprising and rather a relief. I think it helped that we were both hybrids. We at least had some common ground.
I hadn’t gotten around to telling her the full implications of us finding each other – or rather the full implications according to my mother, which of course wasn’t necessarily true. I tried not to think about my older brother Fabien. He met Ffion a couple of years ago. They were instantly attracted to each other and found that they were both hybrids – or at least Fabien informed her that she was one. She’d been brought up by her aunt and had absolutely no idea about her gifts, until Fabien came bursting into her life and told her what they meant.
I let out a little groan as I remembered what Mum had been like. She was unbearable for months. She was convinced that we were all going to find our soulmates after that. I was quite young at the time and it just hadn’t mattered to me. Finding Sophie, however, had changed my opinion. She was the most important thing in my life now…


Sophie

The next day at school, Cody tracked me down in his lunch break, as promised. I was sat with Faron in the common room, trying to keep out of the freezing temperatures that had swept the country earlier than usual. It was half way through December and school had only a week left. It was the first time in years that it had been this cold, though. The ground had been permanently covered with either ice or snow for the past couple of weeks and it had been freezing for even longer before that. I was wondering how much of Cody I would see during the Christmas holidays at the outdoor centre. It wouldn’t be my idea of fun to be doing all these outdoor pursuits in these conditions. I could just about manage the pay booth but only because Dad had put an electric heater in there.
As if my thinking about him made him magically materialise, Cody suddenly appeared and walked straight up to us, making my heart beat a little faster just from looking at him. “Hey guys.” He smiled. “Faron, would you mind if I borrowed Sophie?”
Faron raised an eyebrow at me and grinned. “Absolutely not – are you two, like, ‘together’ now?”
Cody grinned, his cheeks turning a delightful shade of pink, “Well, I’m working on it.” He said.
Faron smiled happily. “You’re kind of perfect for each other,” he said, but his expression changed almost immediately and he frowned at Cody slightly, “you’d better look after her though.’ He warned, “’cause my girl’s special.”
Cody smiled back at him. “I’d never do anything to hurt her. I promise – and I was rather hoping that she was actually mine too, now.”
Faron turned to me, a big sappy grin on his face, “His girl,” he said dreamily, “Did you hear that?” 
I nodded, my heart beating out of my chest.
Faron grinned at my red face, “He’s your perfect match, babe. Go for it.” He said, pushing me slightly towards Cody. I blushed crimson and mumbled something completely incoherent.
Taking my hand in his, Cody said something about us needing absolute privacy and pulled me around the back of the science block where none of the students were meant to go.
“We’re not supposed to be here.” I protested, glancing around and half expecting about a hundred teachers to suddenly appear to apprehend us.
Cody nodded, “I know but it’s perfectly okay – no one will come around here. They’ll all of a sudden find something else more important to do every time they get within a hundred metres.” He grinned.
“And how will they do that?” I raised an eyebrow.
“Ethan.” He said with a careless shrug as if this was explanation enough.
“I beg your pardon?” I frowned at him.
“It’s one of his many varied gifts.” He grinned back at me happily.
I shook my head at the bizarreness of the situation. I’d been quite comfortable in the knowledge that my sister and I were the freakiest freaks of nature to bless this school with their presence – and believe me there were some pretty freaky regular humans here too. But for Cody and his brothers to arrive – with stranger gifts that we’d got... Well, it was something else entirely. “Fine – so what did you need to talk about?”
He looked at me in disbelief. “Are you telling me that even after what I said to you last night, you still don’t get it?”
“Get what?” I looked at him suspiciously.
He rolled his eyes and I swear I heard him say in his head, Give me strength! He looked at me in slight exasperation. “That I’m in love with you.”
I stared at him. Had he tricked me? Were his brothers and all his entourage around here somewhere just waiting for me to say something stupid so they could all jump out and laugh at me?
“Why on Earth would you think that?” The look on his face was one of hurt, mixed with confusion. I realised with a bit of a jolt. He was upset that I doubted him but he was gorgeous and I was just, well… me.
He cupped his hands around my face and looked me straight in the eye, “And you’re perfect – just the way you are.” He whispered. He dropped one of his hands and took hold of mine, lacing his fingers through mine. The energy surged through my fingers. “Feel that, Sophie.” He said, “No one else will ever have that with you.”
I nodded. It was kind of unique, “I know, but…”
He looked at me, his soft silvery-blue eyes intense, “But you still think I’m making fun of you?”
I nodded miserably. “It just doesn’t make any sense…”
He sighed. I really wasn’t making things easy for him, “Well, maybe if I explain a bit of background information about me and my family it’ll start to.”
“You and your family? Why? What does that have to do with us?”
He shrugged, “Well, something and maybe nothing at all,” He sighed and looked a little shifty, “But, you see, my mum has this weird theory about us hybrids – I think you’d better sit down. I’ll tell you all about it…”
I sat down on the wooden bench that was in the middle of the grass. He sat down next to me and started talking. First of all, he checked his facts thoroughly.
“Can I just ask you something, before I tell you all my deepest darkest secrets?”
I grinned. He was so cute. “Sure.”
“Thanks.” His eyes twinkled and I got the feeling he was thanking me for thinking he was cute too. I blushed. Was I ever going to have any secrets from this demi-god?
“We’ll come to that later.” He promised. “You just need to learn how to put barriers in place.”
Holy Shit.
Taking my hand in his, he asked, “So, both of your parents are able to do what we do, right?”
I wanted to clarify too. I shouldn’t be giving away information to total strangers after all, “What? The silent communication?”
“Yeah.” He nodded.
I nodded back, “I didn’t even know it was weird until I went to school and Mum told me not to let anyone else know.”
He chuckled at that, “Yeah, me too.” He grinned. “It was a right bummer not having someone to cheat with at football.” He grinned charmingly at me and I knew he was only teasing me.
“Are you into football?” I asked. I was a little surprised. He seemed to be more into extreme sports.
He shook his head, “Not really. I’m more your outdoorsy type.”
“Rock climbing?” I asked innocently.
He chuckled, eyeing me warily, “Yeah,” he said, “how did you know?”
“Lucky guess,” I muttered remembering the image he’d projected right into my mind. He knew exactly what he’d done, too – and I didn’t need to be able to read minds to know that. “How did you do that – I’m damn sure I can’t do that.”
He smiled. “I don’t know. I guess you can do things I can’t – but that’s all good, we can learn from each other.”
I raised an eyebrow. “You think so? Seriously?”
He nodded, his face full of love and hope, “Yeah, I really do think so,” he said, “if I’m right about this…”
I shook my head. He was well weird.
“I’m no weirder than you are,” He said, “Okay, so we’ve established that you’re not actually a hybrid but a second-generation hybrid – same as me.”
“And what is a second-generation hybrid?” I actually had no idea what he was talking about.
He frowned. “Haven’t your parents told you why you’re special?”
“Um…” The answer to that would be a resounding no.
He scratched his head. “Wow. This is gonna take some time. We need to get you somewhere warmer.” He scanned the sky. It was getting colder and colder. The clouds were gathering, making the temperature plummet like a stone.
“The common room?” I looked hopefully across the fields towards the school where the lights were on and looking all cosy and inviting.
He shook his head vehemently, “Nah. That’s too populated. We need to be able to talk in private.”
I swallowed nervously. I’d never been one for being rebellious before but being with him made me feel more confident somehow, “No one’s in at home right now. If we dematerialise, we’d be there in seconds.” I looked at him hopefully.
He pulled a face, “I can’t do that. I’ve told you – I get all sick.”
I looked at him. There was nothing else for it – we either dematerialised or we left this conversation for another time, because right now we had no other choices. “What if I just took you with me?” I suggested. I had no idea if it would work, but it seemed the obvious thing to me.
He looked at me with a mixture of resigned acceptance of the inevitable and mild horror, “Well, I guess,” he agreed with a heartfelt sigh, “as long as you’ve a bucket handy when we get there.”
“I’ll get you straight to the bathroom,” I promised, squeezing his hand reassuringly, “Will that do?”
He nodded, looking grimly determined.
I wrapped my arms around him, hoping that his brother’s deflection techniques were really working and no one would see us just disappear – they would seriously freak out if they saw that. Feeling mortally embarrassed to be holding him so closely, I closed my eyes. “Hang on tight now.” I reminded him.
The next second, we were in the bathroom. I left him to be sick in private.
Minutes later, he emerged, looking a little green around the gills, but other than that, perfectly fine.
“You okay?”
He nodded, smiling at me sheepishly. “Not my favourite way to travel. I’m afraid I take after Dad.”
I nodded. “My sister doesn’t do it well, either,” I said. “She prefers to…” I stopped.
Cody’s eyes widened. “She can fly?” he asked incredulously.
I looked out of the window and nodded. “Among other stuff.” I mumbled.
“And so can you?” He stood up. “Wow. You’re even better at this freaky stuff than I am!” He sounded quite impressed.
I grinned up at him, “What can you do, then?”
“Well,” he smiled back at me, “I can read minds – obviously.”
I nodded. That was kind of a given in our world. “What else?”
He hesitated. 
I looked at him in exasperation, “Oh, come on. I don’t tell just anyone I can fly, you know.”
He nodded. Sucking in a deep breath through his teeth he looked me straight in the eye, “Okay. I can run fast. I can jump a long way, I can see for miles, I can hear for miles, I can read minds over long distances and I can dematerialise – but not well. And the mess really isn’t worth the trip…” he grinned sheepishly.
I grinned back, “Anything else?”
He bit his lip. I could tell he really didn’t want me to know about this particular gift – but why? Eventually he nodded his head, “Yeah there’s something else I can do – but I’ll tell you that another time.”
I narrowed my eyes. Why so cagey? “Why not tell me now?” I asked, “I thought we’d got past the awkward ‘not-friends’ phase.” I smiled at him encouragingly.
He narrowed his eyes at me, obviously weighing up whether he could really trust me or not. Deciding that he could, he sighed, “Fine. I can kind of, make people do stuff.”
I gaped at him. That sounded a little dangerous… “What sort of things?”
“Anything,” he shrugged, “if I wanted you to go and make me a drink, you’d do it without thinking anything of it.”
I shrugged. Well, that wasn’t worth keeping secret. There was more to this gift than he was letting on, I just knew it. “I was going to make us drinks anyway.”
He grinned, “Okay, that example was too simple...” He closed his eyes and sucked in another deep breath before opening them again and fixing me with his intense gaze, “I could make you take all your clothes off and dance on the roof.”
I stared at him. “Holy crap,” I muttered. “You’re one dangerous guy.”
He nodded, looking away from me, “I might have been,” he admitted quietly, “had I not met you.” 
I frowned, “What do you mean?”
He rolled his eyes. “My mother seems to think that you are my ‘light’.”
“Your light?” I cocked an eyebrow. To what length had he discussed me with her?
He rolled his eyes, “She’s a little romantic, I guess and she loves to use very flowery language.” Grinning he added. “Not to sound too melodramatic, she reckons I was heading for the dark side and that was why she moved us here…” He broke off looking a little uncomfortable. Well, I couldn’t blame him. I was feeling a little uncomfortable myself. This was pretty heavy stuff.
I frowned. He was editing a lot and I wasn’t as good at reading his mind as he obviously could mine. I decided to backtrack a little – we could come back to the light thing later, “Why were you headed for the dark side, then?”
He shrugged, “Boredom? Before we moved here, we were in a high-rise block of flats with nothing much to do expect hang around with the local kids.” He turned his back on me and looked out of the window. My bedroom window looked out over the open fields to the back of the house. It was a lovely view and with the recent snowfall it looked absolutely picture-perfect. “There was nothing there for any of us to do, really,” he turned back and smiled, “No outdoor centre to keep us out of trouble.” I smiled back at him. “We were getting into no end of trouble with the police. Just petty stuff and the like, but still… I knew there was something better waiting for me. I just didn’t really know what it was. I was totally dissatisfied with my life. I wanted something that I couldn’t find…”
“And have you found it, now?” I whispered, holding my breath. He’d never been in any trouble as far as I knew since they’d been here. They spent almost all of their time out of school at the outdoor centre.
He glanced over his shoulder and smirked at me, “Well, I’m working on it.” He nodded. It was the same thing he’d said to Faron and I blushed furiously at the realisation he was talking about me again. I tried to steer the conversation away a little but I was still totally intrigued. “So, go on then – what’s this theory of your mum’s?” I was beginning to rather like her even though we’d never met.
He looked shifty again, “Well, you have to understand that she is a little weird,” he hedged.
“And of course, we’re not weird at all, are we?” I asked sarcastically, raising an eyebrow.
He chuckled. “Not as weird as she is,” he said, “she reads auras and she kind of ‘sees’ things,” he rolled his eyes, “and she’s a natural match-maker, which makes it all the more embarrassing.”
“Wow.” I’ll bet she saw me coming…
Cody shook his head, “Well, not quite but she did kind of bring us to you.” He looked at me worriedly, “Was that too weird for you?” he asked as he saw my shocked expression.
“Wait a minute,” I stared at him, “Are you telling me that she saw me and brought you all here?” No way…
He chuckled at my flabbergasted expression, “Well, yes and no – you were kind of in her peripheral vision…”
I frowned at him. What on earth was he talking about, peripheral vision? “I’m not sure I follow…” this was beginning to blow my mind.
Cody smiled at me and nodded, “Okay, well you see, she kind of… sees beneath the surface.”
I frowned, trying to figure out where he was going with this strange explanation.
He grinned sheepishly at me, “I’m really not explaining this very well, am I?”
I bit my lip, “Not really.” I said, “I’m sorry.”
He sighed, “I’m not really supposed to say…” he said, “it’s kind of sensitive and… I’d rather you didn’t think any worse of me than you already do.”
I grinned. He really thought I didn’t think much of him… “Then don’t.” I said.
He shook his head in defeat and looked at me sheepishly, “I have to tell you. You’ll only take it from my head when I let my guard down and anyway – I’d rather tell you,” He smiled again, “Believe it or not.”
I smiled back at him, “Okay, no one’s around, so you’ll not be overheard.” I was enjoying his company so much, I’d completely forgotten all about the fact that we should actually have been back at school by now…
Cody sighed, “It’s Mum. Like I told you – she sees things.”
“What sort of things?” I frowned. I really didn’t know what he was talking about.
“Well, mostly she see’s bad things. She knows just from looking at them what people have done. She kind of sees beneath their glossy exterior to the dark ugly stuff beneath.”
I nodded. Her gift didn’t sound all that dissimilar to my mother’s, with her all-knowing nature – only Cody’s mum seemed to know what anyone had done, rather than just her immediate family. “And are you saying that she saw something where you lived before?” I asked. He’d told me they were living in a high-rise block of flats, that the local youth were all bored and were getting into trouble with the police. Had she seen something there? Was it one of his old mates?
Cody nodded, “It wasn’t the guys I was hanging with – it was an um… rival gang.” He started.
I gasped and stared at him. He didn’t look the sort of guy I imagined to be in a gang. He looked too clean and well put together for that. But what the hell did I know about these sorts of things? I’d lived my whole life here in Long Ridge. “You were in a gang?” I asked incredulously, Jeez, what sort of guy was he?
Cody sighed and closed his eyes momentarily. “Not exactly. We never actually got in that deep... Actually, that’s a lie. Yes, I guess I was for a very short time.” He looked up at me, “Like I said, I was heading that way but something was holding me back. It was kind of like I already knew you were out there waiting for me somewhere…” he looked away quickly. He seemed a little embarrassed at his admission.
Trying not to look as if his words had totally rocked my world – even though they had, I asked, “So what happened?”
Cody moved away from the window and sat down in my easy chair. He was silent for a moment and then he looked back across at me. He shifted slightly in his seat. He was obviously uncomfortable about what had happened, but was still determined to tell me. “I’d gone out. I’m really not proud of myself for this and I wouldn’t tell you if I thought you didn’t need to know – but you do need to know because I don’t want there to be any secrets between us.” He speared me with his silver eyes. I stared back at him and nodded. “We were stealing stuff from this warehouse…” At my shocked expression he felt the need to explain further; he seemed to withdraw from me a little as he explained – it was like he was re-living the whole thing…

Cody

“Cody Conner! You are not going out again!” My mother shouted through from the kitchen. No doubt Ethan or Dakota had just told her my plans for the evening.
Well, I think I am, I thought, and you can’t stop me even if you try. I’m kind of special if you hadn’t noticed. I was such a big-headed idiot. I thought I was completely indestructible.
Dakota came in the bedroom we shared and sat down on his bed, he looked up at me, “Dude, she’s right,” he said in a low voice, “we have to stop this madness. Someone is gonna get seriously hurt one day and I don’t want to be there when it happens.”
“Pussy,” I sneered at him. He just rolled his eyes and muttered under his breath, it sounded very much like ‘it’s your funeral.’ I laughed. “No way,” I said cockily.
He sighed and shook his head; putting his schoolbooks to one side, he sat up straight. “Well, if you’re so damned determined to go, I guess I’d better come with you.”
I grinned at him. “There’s nothing else to do around here.” I said. A vision of a girl flashed through my mind. It had been happening a lot lately. I had no idea who she was but she was perfectly lovely and I knew she was the one for me. I just hadn’t met her yet…
Shaking my head and trying to concentrate on what was going down tonight I looked at Dakota, “So what do we tell Mum?”
He shook his head, “Just leave that to me,” he said and I knew he’d make her think of something else that would stop her worrying about us.
We sneaked out just after dinner, telling her we were going to have a head-to-head on the PlayStation with some guys over the internet. She accepted it without question…
“Dudes!” crowed Peter, “I knew you wouldn’t let me down!”
I went over and did our stupid handshake that was supposed to mean you were in the gang. I was so not into it but at the same time I was really enjoying their company. Yes, they were getting into some dangerous stuff but they were just kids really – just like us but with less guidance.
Saul grinned from where he was leaning up against the wall, smoking a joint. “Good to see you,” he said in his gravelly voice, “We’re hitting Mitchell’s tonight.
I swallowed nervously. The security on that place was second to none – well, for normal humans anyway. For me it was a piece of cake… I nodded, trying to look casual, “Cool,” I said with a cocky grin, “And I’m guessing I’m doing the breaking and entering?”
Saul grinned, “Well, of course,” he agreed.
Dakota looked at me, Dude, what the hell are we doing here?
I dunno, I shrugged, just having a break from the boredom.
He gave me one of his looks. I wasn’t bored…
We started walking down towards the warehouses. “By the way guys, I heard that Saviour’s lot might be around – so watch your backs.” Saul warned, walking backwards in front of us; he loved to play the leader of the pack...
This is just getting better and better. Dakota’s sarcasm was making my spine tingle.
Shut up Dakota. You’re making me nervous and I need my wits about me.
We could just disappear… He reminded me.
I had actually considered that ,too but I was so bad at it, I had to rely on Dakota to get me back and it would look pretty weird if we started hugging real close in front of these guys. They’d probably kill us for being queer.
It was dark and cold and raining. Not the best night for scaling a wall and breaking through a glass window. Dakota grabbed my arm, “Be careful, Cody.” He said, “And if you need me…” he gave me a meaningful glance. I nodded. I knew what he meant – talk to him in our minds.
I shinnied up the wall. Pete chuckled from where he was in position on the edge of a huge skip. I was to throw the stuff down to him and he’d pass it on to Dakota. Saul would then put it in his truck that had been parked there earlier and we’d all hop in and off we’d go – sorted…
Well, that was the plan...
The window broke easily and I jumped down into the room. There were boxes and boxes of stuff piled high in here, X-Box’s, PlayStations. You name it – it was here. I grabbed a couple of boxes and peered out of the window down to Pete.
“Chuck ‘em down, then,” he said with an excited grin. He really got off on this malarkey.
I threw them to him. He caught them deftly and tossed them down to Dakota and Saul.
They ran to the van and put them in.
I grabbed another couple of boxes that were a little further away – tripping the motion sensors in the building. All of a sudden there were sirens going off left right and centre – it was deafening. My heart started to pump hard with the adrenalin coursing through my body. I grabbed as much as I could – the cops would be on their way in minutes...

Sophie

I gasped at that, making Cody jump. “What?” he asked.
“The cops, I mean the police were on their way and you stayed there?” My eyes must have been as round as saucers. This was unbelievable. He just didn’t seem the type.
He rolled his eyes, “Even when the alarms are going off and the cops are on their way you still have a bit of time.”
I nodded, open-mouthed. “Okay,” I managed faintly.
He smiled at me. “Shall I carry on or have I completely freaked you out?”
“No,” I forced a smile, “please, continue…”

Cody

I threw them down to Pete who was beside himself with glee now, “Man! This is living!” he yelled, his eyes bright with excitement.
Well, maybe for him. It was getting a little scary for me if was completely honest. I’d started to wonder who the hell I was becoming. And the way Dakota was looking at me, I was guessing I wasn’t the nice kid I used to be.
I climbed back up to the window. In my hyped-up state, I was a little careless and I caught my arm on the jagged glass. “Shit!” I exclaimed as I pulled myself free. I glanced down in horror. That was a pretty bad gash. I could actually see the bone and, oh, God – blood was pumping out of me with every beat of my heart. Holy shit – now I really was in trouble. Dakota!
Come on, Cody! We have to get out of here.
I’m hurt, buddy. Like, really badly. Can you call Fabe? I was beginning to get a little light-headed.
Shit, what’s happened to you? Fabe’s on his way. Mum knows too and she’d going ape-shit. Dude, we have to get you out of there – fast!
I knew that but there was no way I was gonna attempt dematerialising under my own steam. I could hardly think straight. I jumped down – landing really badly. Dakota swore.
Pete looked at me in horror. I guess my limbs were everywhere. Normal people didn’t jump out of three storey buildings and lived to tell the tale. He and Saul legged it, leaving me and Dakota covered in my blood and surrounded by stolen goods.
“There’s nothing else for it, Dude,” Dakota panted as he tried to haul me to my feet, “I know you’re in a bad way but we need to get you out of here now.” Dakota grabbed my arm and slung it around his neck and dematerialised back home.
Mum screamed when she saw me. I guess I had minutes at that point.
Thankfully Fabe had also got there fast and he went to work on me immediately.
“Holy shit, Cody,” he grumbled, “You’ve broken almost everything. What the hell were you thinking?”
I was in no fit state to reply. Dakota was sat at my side, silently concentrating.
After about ten minutes, Fabe stood up. “He’ll be okay again in a few minutes,” he said seriously, “He should really have a blood transfusion, but without raising all sorts of questions at a hospital that’s gonna be a bit awkward, so a few days rest will have to do – his own body will sort itself out.”
Mum nodded, too angry to even speak. Her lips were clamped together in a hard line. She was really mad with me and I totally understood why.
Dakota looked up at her, “I’m sorry, Mum,” he said quietly, “I take full responsibility for tonight. I went with him to try to keep him out of trouble.”
“Cody doesn’t seem able to keep himself out of trouble.” She bit off in a dangerous voice.
I kept my eyes closed, feigning unconsciousness. I don’t think anyone was fooled – least of all Dakota.
I set up a diversion, dude, he told me in our minds, no one’s coming to look for us.

Sophie

I was stunned – those guys were supposed to be his friends but they couldn’t have cared less about him. That was so heartless.
He smiled as he saw what I was thinking, “I would have died had it not been for Dakota calling Fabe and Mum with her weird visions. So even though they’re a complete pain in the arse – sometimes I’m rather glad of them.”
“Oh my God,” I murmured.
“Anyway – between them, they all helped to save my life.”
Jeez, this lot were so much more accomplished than my family and I… It suddenly occurred to me that he hadn’t asked Dakota to help us get here…
Frowning at him I asked, “Wait a second. If Dakota’s so good at diversions – why didn’t you get him to help us earlier?”
Cody grinned. “Ethan’s a more... sensitive soul, shall we say? He totally gets it that I’m in love with you – so he was the best choice. He’s excellent at diversions too but his real gift is making you feel…” he broke off, biting his lip and clearly wondering if he was giving too much away again.
I was desperate to know everything about him, “What?”
Cody sighed, “Kind of at peace with the world,” he shrugged, “he can manipulate your mood.”
“Wow,” I murmured. I’d never known so many varied gifts. Ours were all kind of subdued – maybe that was down to Mum and Dad being so desperate for us to blend into the background – maybe they’d inadvertently suppressed our creativity…
Cody smiled at me, “So anyway, like I was telling you – there were cop cars all over the place, wondering where the crime had been committed and I was pumping blood all over the place – the DNA was everywhere – linking me to the crime of course.”
I nodded, “Of course,” I agreed faintly, “So what happened?”
“Well, since Dakota’s diversion was so good, the cops happened upon the other gang instead,” He bit his lip and looked at me nervously.
“Shit.” I breathed, understanding registering immediately.
He nodded. “Yeah – well you can imagine how that went down.”
I nodded. “Pretty badly, I’d guess.” I wondered what he was going to tell me next. It had to have been bad for the whole family to have to move away.
He nodded, “As you can imagine, they came seeking revenge.” He took a deep shuddery breath and closed his eyes. “They found out where we hung out and came looking for us. They found us pretty easily and took out the ringleaders. They shot Saul and Pete through the head. They died instantly.” His voice cracked and he shook his head. “They were just kids really, they were only nineteen. Hardly any older than us, Sophie – and it was all down to me. It was all my fault.” He was barely audible as he finished his sentence.
I went to sit next to him and took his hands in mine, “No.” I said firmly, “It wasn’t.” I squeezed his hands, “They knew what they were involved in – just like you did.”
He shook his head, “If I hadn’t gone and cut myself, or if I’d not been there at all. If I’d only trusted my instincts and stayed well away from them… I go over it in my head again and again. I can’t get away from it sometimes…”
I kept one hand on his and with my other hand I cupped his face and looked into his eyes. “Cody,” I said gently, “you have to let this go. You were just a kid yourself. You didn’t have any idea that was going to happen.”
He shook his head and looked away from me. “Dakota blames himself too. I can see what he’s thinking sometimes and he goes over and over in his head different ways in which he could have created the diversion. That was part of the reason why I asked Ethan to help us out today. Dakota didn’t want to help, just in case. He worries that he makes bad things happen.”
My heart went out to both him and Dakota. “What about Fabien?” Cody had said he was his brother but I’d thought there was only the three of them so I couldn’t help wondering who he was and where he lived – but now wasn’t really the time to ask.
Cody shrugged, “Fabien was just saving my life – he doesn’t do guilt tripping.” He grinned ruefully.
“So, did the other gang get caught?” I was guessing they must have done for them all to be on the run.
He nodded. “Oh, yeah.” He said, “they totally did. The ringleader; a guy calling himself Saviour,” He rolled his eyes and snorted derisively, “He couldn’t help himself bragging about it. Mum saw that vision too and she called the police.”
I stared at him, “Wait a minute,” I said, “How did she get the police to believe her story?”
Cody grinned and leaned forward as if he was about to impart a huge secret, which to be fair – he was. I certainly had no idea there were so many people like us here. “We’re everywhere – us hybrids. We’re in government, we’re in the police force, we’ve infiltrated every possible nook and cranny of human existence – that’s what makes it so dangerous for us. Not all hybrids are good – well, obviously. Look what I used to do.”
I nodded. “So, do you think that there were hybrids in the other gang?”
Cody shrugged, “Not on the level I was at – no. But I’m quite sure there will be hybrids that will use their gifts for dark deeds. It is, unfortunately, human nature – and we are human,” he grinned ruefully and shrugged, “well, half human anyway.”
I nodded. I had no reason to doubt him. “So – what happened to this Saviour guy?”
Cody sighed and rubbed his eyes, “He’s in a high security unit, serving life.”
I swallowed hard. My heart was thumping in my chest like I’d been running. This was scary stuff. “Is the gang still going?”
Cody nodded, “Saviour’s gang is, definitely. The one I was in disbanded after Pete and Saul were murdered. It was really Pete and Saul that controlled everyone else anyway. Well, they were working for some other guy of course – and he’s still out there.” He swallowed hard and I wondered if he was still a threat. I didn’t like to ask. “Of course, Dakota and I had to move on and the others just went back to being ordinary kids, I guess. There are other gangs still out there too, pushing drugs and the like.” He shuddered.
“Wow,” I murmured, “so you’ve all still potentially got targets on your back then?” I felt sick. I didn’t want to think that he was in any kind of danger. I realised that he meant more to me than anyone ever had before, which was really weird, because we’d only just started to really talk. It was the strangest feeling…
I was glad that he was concentrating on something else as I came to this very strange conclusion as I think he missed it.
He’d been thinking about his mother, because he answered me without even batting an eyelid.
“Pretty much,” He grimaced. “So, we’re kind of thankful for Mum’s second sight. She’s one strange lady – but we all believe in her.”
“Even your dad?” I smiled. I’d never actually met his parents but I’d seen his dad. He was huge and, dare I say, a little on the ogre-ish side!
He frowned. “Of course he does – I know my dad comes across as a bit of an ogre,” He smiled at me with raised eyebrows. Darn it – he’d been listening in again, “and he does gets a bit annoyed that we’re constantly, for want of a better way to put it, on the run, but he wouldn’t change anything about her,” he shrugged, “he loves her,” He said as if that was explanation enough, “he wasn’t particularly fond of either me or Dakota for a while when it all happened – but I think he’s finally coming around again now.”
“Well, of course,” I murmured, “You’re his sons.”
He nodded, “Of course,” he said, “and not unlike your dad, he doesn’t think we should get involved with anyone because of our situation and because of what we are. And he doesn’t think I should date you at all.”
My jaw dropped. “Why not?” I asked indignantly. I mean – what was wrong with me? Apart from the obvious oddness of being able to dematerialise and fly and jump ridiculously long distances.
“He thinks we’ll start attracting the wrong sort of attention with our happy glow.” He smirked.
I grinned back at him, “Happy glow? So, go on then – what’s this all about?”
“Well the happy glow is our auras shining extra brightly because we’ve found each other.” He rolled his eyes. “I did mention about the auras, right?”
I nodded, “Happy glow – right, cool.” I tried to appear as if I wasn’t completely bewildered with the whole thing, “But if we’re supposed to be together – like your mum seems to thing – why is your Dad so against it? Does he think we’ll put your family in further danger of being found if we’re together?”
He shrugged, “Yeah, I guess so. None of us have been allowed to date before we were eighteen, so that leaves us high and dry for another two years. Dakota’s got another year to bear and Ethan…” he clammed up a little.
I frowned at him. Surely Ethan was old enough to date now? “How old is Ethan?”
Cody looked at my shiftily, which was a little hard to accept when he’d not ten minutes ago been spilling his cuts about gang warfare. “He’s eighteen. He hasn’t found anyone yet, though.”
I frowned. I wondered if he’d come out to his family or if indeed any of them had actually suspected...
Cody was staring off into the distance. “You see, being different, well – there are those who would like to use us for their own gain. I think Dad’s just trying to keep us safe for as long as we’re his responsibility.”
I nodded. “Yeah, well – you can’t blame him for wanting to keep you all safe. It’s just human nature.”
“I don’t blame him.” He said with a sigh but then he turned to me and his smile was breathtaking. “but I want to be allowed to spend at least some time with you.”
I smiled back at him. “Well, you do come to the outdoor centre almost every day. It’s really not going to be all that difficult.”
He grinned. “I’ve never been fitter.” He laughed.


Chapter 17 – I love you too…

Sophie

“Oh, my God. We totally talked through the whole afternoon!” I stared at Cody in horror. My mother would be home from the centre in a few minutes and I had absolutely no way to explain the fact that I was already home – and with a gorgeous guy!
Cody glanced out at the darkening sky. “Well, see you in detention again tomorrow, then, I guess.” He murmured.
I shook my head, “You won’t,” I said, “because my dad is gonna kill me if I get detention again.” I whispered, panic setting in.
“Then we really need to get out of here.” He swallowed nervously. “Do you think you can dematerialise me home?”
I nodded. “Of course,” I said, “but you’ll have to think the directions.”
He nodded resolutely, “I think I can do that.” He said.
I wrapped my arms around his waist. Looking up at him, I was a little surprised to see the look on his face – it was raw revulsion. He really didn’t like this way of travelling. Impulsively I stood on tiptoe and kissed him. He grinned at me. “That was nice.” He said.
I blushed, “I just wanted to make you feel better.”
“And now I do. Thank you.” He grinned again.
“Right,” I nodded, “You think. I’ll guide.” He nodded and closed his eyes. I closed mine too, concentrated on where he was seeing and we were out of there.
I made sure he was okay and immediately left for home again. I landed in my bedroom seconds before my mum’s key turned in the lock.
I climbed into bed and tucked the quilt around me. “Mum?” I called, trying to sound all pathetic, “Is that you?”
She came up the stairs in a flash, “Are you alright?” She asked, looking at me in concern and I felt a pang of guilt.
I nodded. “Period pain,” I said with a groan. “I came home at dinner. I’ve felt terrible all afternoon.”
She nodded in total sympathy, “Oh, you poor thing. Did you tell school you were leaving?”
I bit my lip, “Um, I don’t think I did. I felt so bad…”
She nodded, “I’ll call them,” She said and stroked my hair. “Don’t you worry about a thing.”
I felt awful to have lied to her, but I couldn’t stand for Dad to ban me from seeing Cody altogether. That would have been torturous.
Mum disappeared with the promise of a hot drink and some paracetamol and I lay back on my pillows and thought about Cody. I wondered if he’d stopped throwing up yet.
Yes, thanks. And Mum thinks I came home from school because of it! Came his cheery reply to my obviously overloud thoughts.
Oh cool – at least neither of us is in trouble then!
Nah, see you tomorrow at school, love you.
Yeah, see you tomorrow, love you too.
I broke off the connection before he could say anything else. I’d never told him I loved him before and I was a little embarrassed.
His delighted voice came bursting back into my thoughts, Don’t be! I love that you feel the same way.
It was still an alien concept to me that someone so gorgeous as him wanted me – and he’d explained it at length but it still didn’t quite seem real, Are you sure you really feel that way about me?
His voice came through loud and clear and rang with absolute sincerity. I am absolutely positive. Mum calls it finding our kindred spirit.
That’s nice.
Yeah, I guess – it’s totally sappy but nice.
I laughed.
She has more theories too. She reckons that there is a kindred spirit out there for all of us.
All of us as in all of the human population? Or just us hybrids? I needed clarification. What – all the hybrids?
Yeah, she seems to think that it’ll strengthen our gifts too.
Well, that was interesting – and pretty useful too, So, you mean you’ll get better at dematerialising?
It means we’ll both get better at everything we can do.
Well that’s very welcome. I’ve never been any good at hearing over a long distance.
And I’ve always been really bad at dematerialising but with you guiding my way, I have to say it was a lot better today. I wasn’t nearly so sick.
Cool.
See you tomorrow then, Sophie. Check in anytime.
You too, Cody. Goodnight.


Chapter 18 – So now she knows…

Cody

I’d been bricking it wondering how she was going to take my confession about being part of a gang and all the trouble I caused for my family. I should have known that she would understand. Well, maybe not understand, exactly – but she was definitely cool about it all.
I was lying on my bed just going over things again in my mind when Dakota stuck his head around my door. “So?” he grinned, “How did it go?”
I grinned back at him, “Good – better than I could have hoped for, really. She was absolutely great about everything.”
He came in and sat down on the edge of my bed, “Fabulous,” he beamed at me, “did you ask her if we could walk to school together in the morning?”
I had to admit it, I had forgotten to do that, “Um…”
He rolled his eyes. “I asked you to do one thing for me….”
I punched his arm, “Stop being a total pussy around the girl and just ask her out!” I berated him. He’d been badgering me for weeks about telling Sophie how I felt about her. It was rather nice to get my own back.
He grinned, “I tell you what, I’ll come with you tomorrow and I’ll talk to Dana then.”
“Deal.” I grinned at his rather shocked face. He hadn’t bargained on me agreeing to that.
He nodded, looking stoic, “Have you told Mum about her?” he asked.
I grimaced, “I was hoping to keep her in the dark for at least a little while longer.” I said quietly.
“Good move,” Dakota nodded approvingly, “I’ll see you in the morning.”


Chapter 19 – Walking with the Conners

Sophie

On my way to school the next morning, I was surprised to find Cody and Dakota waiting at the end of our street.
I wasn’t nearly so shocked as Dana, however. She froze to the spot on the pavement and wouldn’t take a step closer.
“Come on,” I urged, looking back at the house anxiously, “I don’t want Mum or Dad seeing them stood there.
“I can’t walk to school with Dakota Conner!” she bleated. “He’s way older than me. We’ll have nothing to talk about!” Her eyes were darting around the street for an escape route but of course there wasn’t one and let’s face it – if he was better at dematerialisation than Cody he’d find it pretty easy to catch up with her anyway…
“Relax,” I cajoled, “he’s really nice.”
She eyed me suspiciously, “Who says?” She squeaked, “You only ever talk to Cody!”
I sighed, “Look. I had to talk to him for a whole afternoon the other week when he got stuck in the mud on the quad bikes. You know – after it rained really hard? It took Tad and Billy an age to go back for the four-wheel drive to pull it out. He was really pleasant.”
We were getting closer to them. Cody grinned and held out his arms. I hugged him and then he took my hand and we started walking, hand in hand.
Dakota chuckled and raised his eyebrows at us. “Wow, things really must have gone well yesterday. I’m guessing we can officially call you a couple now?”
Cody nodded, beaming all over his face, “You guessed right.” He said.
Dakota turned to me, his eyes twinkling although I sensed a certain amount of nervousness on his part, “Are you going to introduce us?” he asked, his eyes drifting to Dana and then back again.
“Sure,” I nodded with a smile. Dana was gonna thank me later, I was almost sure… “Dakota, this is my sister, Dana. Dana – meet my boyfriend’s brother, Dakota.”
“Nice to meet you,” Dakota stuck his hand out.
Dana blushed bright red and mumbled something completely incoherent.
Dakota gave up with trying shaking hands and stuffed his hands back in his pockets. “So, what do you like to do?” he asked, obviously wondering how the hell he was going to get her to talk to him.
“Oh, um…” Dana started talking to him and I breathed a sigh of relief as he laughed at what she had to say and started to tell her something, too.
I looked at Cody, “Well, they’re getting on okay.” I said quietly.
He nodded with a little smile playing around his lips, “I had a feeling they would…” he said.

*

I got to my English class to find a beaming Faron waiting for me, “Hey there, babe,” he said with a wink, “what happened to you yesterday afternoon?”
I blushed and glanced around to make sure no one was listening in, “I kind of bunked off with Cody,” I said quietly, “we had a lot to talk about.”
He nodded, his eyes sparkling with amusement, “It was funny. I felt that I was the only one who missed you,” He grinned.
“Really?” I asked airily, well fancy that…
“Yeah, Mr Andrews didn’t even notice you were missing – how extraordinary is that?”
I grinned. Ethan must have been working hard on his diversionary tactics.
“Care to explain?” he was totally enjoying this.
I bit my lip. I’d been forbidden to ever tell anyone about my gifts outside the family but since I’d already told Faron a good couple of years ago, there was no point in not telling him this, “Well, you know my gifts?”
He nodded and his eyes widened as he understood what I was saying without saying anything. “Really?” he said, “Cody, too?”
I nodded, “Yeah. Weird, huh?”
He nodded, “Amazing.” He breathed.
“How are you and Dean getting along?” I asked, realising that he’d not mentioned him, but he was looking reasonably contented all the same. He blushed a little. “We’re getting along okay, I guess... but he’s not really on the same page yet if you get what I mean.”
I frowned, “No, I don’t get what you mean. What’s going on?”
He pulled a face, “He hasn’t come out to his family – and they all sound totally Neanderthal.”
I was shocked at his words, “What? They’re homophobic?”
He nodded and pulled a face, “I can’t go to his house at all – so he’s happy enough to go out with me but only as long as it stays a secret from them.” He rolled his eyes and shook his head dolefully. “I can’t live like this. It’s like we’re twelve or something – hiding our first crush from our parents!”
“What do your parents think?” I asked. I sincerely hoped they were cool about him having a boyfriend.
He smiled and his eyes softened. He clearly loved his mum and dad, “They’re really happy for me that I’m happy,” his face changed and he shook his head, “but Dad works with his dad and he says he really has no idea that his son is gay – and that he’d likely kill him if he found out.”
I shook my head in disbelief. What the hell was wrong with him? “That’s ridiculous,” I scoffed, “but you have to be careful – you don’t want to be blamed for turning him or anything. You know what these idiots are like.”
He nodded, “Yeah, I know. We’ll have to wait and see what happens.”
A sudden thought occurred to me, “What does Jared think about it all?” I asked. Jared knew about Faron being gay. I wondered what his take on it all was.
Faron shrugged. “He hasn’t said anything about it.” Seeing my hopeful look, Faron totally sussed me out, he gave me a wry smile, “I know you want us to live happily ever after,” his smile broadened at my caught-in-the-headlights-look, “But things don’t always happen the way you’d wish them to.” He sighed, “And besides,” he added, glancing across the room towards where Jared was sat, “he’s still going out with Chelsea, anyway.”
I nodded and glanced across at Jared too. He was totally staring across the room right at Faron – and looking as miserable as sin, I might add. He jumped when he noticed me looking at him and turned back around towards the front quickly. If he wasn’t as into Faron as Faron was him, then my name wasn’t Sophie Milestone…


Chapter 20 – It’s really not working…

Faron

I didn’t want to disappoint Sophie by telling her things between Dean and I really weren’t all that great. We’d had a huge argument over him wanting to keep everything under wraps and I wasn’t at all sure where things stood anymore. To be honest, things had come to a head well before he explained all about his parents out-of-date attitudes.
“Can’t we just go to yours?” He asked.
I bristled at that. So, he’d still not told his parents that we were going out. I got a little annoyed. “Are you ashamed of me or something?” I asked.
He looked at me with wide eyes. “Ashamed?” he asked incredulously, “No! Absolutely not,” he said, “honestly – I’m really happy to be seeing you. I was really pleased when Jared told me you were interested in me. I always thought something might be going on between you two – you know – since you’re always together.”
I grimaced. Something would be going on between us if I had my way… “No,” I said firmly, “we’re just mates,” I swallowed painfully and added, “he’s straight.”
“Well, that’s good then…” he sounded relieved.
Something was going on here and I wanted to know what it was. It was time to get to the point. “So, tell me the truth. Why are we only ever hanging out at mine?”
He took a deep breath and shook his head, “I can’t tell my parents that I’m gay. They really wouldn’t understand – so I can’t risk them guessing, either. It’s either hang out at yours or we have to break up.”
I frowned. I wasn’t into ultimatums – or Neanderthal parents, for that matter. What the hell would they do to us if they did find out? “I can’t take the risk, Dean.” I said, “I’m not gonna get beat up by your nut-job dad – I think it’s time we called it a day.”
He nodded. “Fine. Be a pussy about it.” 
I raised my eyebrows. Well that was rich coming from the guy who couldn’t even be honest about his sexuality to his family for fear of the repercussions. “I’m not being a pussy about anything.” I said hotly, “I came out to my parents two years ago – and they were totally cool about it, too. Maybe you should try it. They might surprise you.”
He shook his head vehemently, “I can’t.” he said, looking at me pleadingly, begging me silently to understand. I sighed. This really wasn’t ever going to work out between us. “Fine,” I sighed, “we can go to mine for tonight but I mean it – I’m not going to be backed into a corner by anyone.” We walked together in silence. I couldn’t go on like this. It was ridiculous. Sooner or later, they were going to discover the truth about their son – and I really didn’t need to be caught in the cross-fire...
I needed someone to talk to about this. The first person I thought of was Jared. Jared always seemed to understand…


Chapter 21 – Cupid’s arrow strikes again…

Sophie

I might have mentioned that Dad wasn’t keen on the idea of either Dana or I dating.
I’m sure he was suspicious of Cody and I but he couldn’t very well forbid the Conner boys to stay away from the outdoor centre.
It didn’t, however, stop him from trying everything he could to keep us apart, which was a monumental effort on his part and ultimately doomed to failure…
“Sophie,” he said, a frustrated edge to his voice.
“What’s up?” I looked up from my history assignment.
Dad was stood in my bedroom doorway, “I really need your help down at the ground today – are you up for it?”
Deciding that I really shouldn’t sound so keen, I suppressed my delight and pulled a face. “But it’s really cold. Can’t Dana help you out today?”
“I’ve already got her getting ready.” He grumbled, “Not that she was any keener than you.”
I seriously doubted that. She and Dakota were pretty much inseparable at break-times at school these days and I’m fairly certain I’d heard her bedroom window open and shut on a fairly frequent basis too – but hey, she had a tree right outside and her bedroom was miles from Mum and Dad’s bedroom too, so good for her. It wasn’t anyone else’s business, anyway…
“Oh, alright,” I grumbled, “but something warm, huh?”
He grinned, looking relieved that I wasn’t going to be difficult about it, “Coffee house?”
I grinned up at him, “Sounds appealing,” I said, “where’s Gus?”
Dad pulled a face, “He’s called in sick. Got this bug that’s going around.”
I nodded. He was, after all, only human. You see, that was something else – we were rarely ill. If someone was gonna come along and hack us to pieces, we’d be in trouble but colds and other ailments never seemed to bother any of us.
I started to feel a little excited. There was no guarantee that Cody would be there – but I could always hope… or even check in…
Hey Cody.
Almost as if he was just waiting to hear from me, he answered immediately, Hey! My beautiful girl – what’s happening?
I’m going in to work to help out Dad. I’m on coffee house duty.
I think I feel a thirst coming on!
I grinned to myself. He was really cute. Are you going down there today?
I was a little taken aback by his answer. Already here and missing you like crazy, of course. How long will you be?
I grinned, Seconds. It’s an emergency apparently – thirsty people, I heard.
He chuckled. I’ll see you very soon, then.

*

The coffee shop was a lovely warm, cosy building. It was a wooden chalet type building with a large veranda for sunny days (which I grant you, at this time of year seem very few and far between). It stood on the banks of the large fishing lake and was shaded by some very old, very tall trees.
Cody was already standing on the veranda waiting to be let in when I got there. I grinned at him through the closed door and skipped across to let him in.
He bent and kissed my cheek, “Need some help?”
I bit my lip. “I can’t let you keep helping me all of the time. I’m getting paid for this – but I can’t pay you.”
He rolled his eyes. “One day, you’ll realise that being with you is payment enough for me.”
I blushed and smiled at him. “Thanks.” I mumbled. “Well, if you really don’t mind then, could you go into the store room and bring out the coffee mixes?”
He sauntered through to the back, looking entirely comfortable with the set up and returning with exactly what I needed.
I looked up in surprise. I couldn’t believe he’d found everything I’d asked for so quickly.
He grinned. “Well obviously I knew what you wanted,” he explained, “I saw it in your head.”
I smiled back at him. Of course he did – naturally!
A flurry of activity had us both concentrating hard on serving the customers and not really having any time for each other. Dad came in to check on me and found Cody behind the counter, laughing and chatting with a couple who had come down for the weekend and were part of a shooting party. They were in their mid-fifties and the man’s wife had had enough of the kick she kept getting from the shotgun.
Cody was telling her all about his first experience and was praising my father for putting him right.
I kind of got the feeling he’d known exactly what my Dad and I had been saying to each other that day and I couldn’t help suppressing a grin.
Dad frowned at me as he approached the counter. “What’s he doing in here?” he growled.
“He offered to help me.” I said, looking Dad right in the eye. I wasn’t going to let him intimidate me over this. I had every right to have friends.
“I can’t pay him,” Dad said shortly, “we don’t make enough to take on any extra staff.”
I nodded, “I know that, and so does he, because I’ve already told him. He just wanted to help me, anyway.”
Dad scratched his chin thoughtfully. “He’s an absolute natural with people.” He said, frowning at him as he continued to charm the customers.
I smirked. Was Dad being won over by that brash young man with the head the size of a football stadium?
Hey! He exclaimed indignantly in my head, I’ve got a lot better since I met you!
Yeah, you have – sorry about that!
Dad cleared his throat, “Um, Cody?”
Cody looked across at my Dad, his eyes widening with apprehension, “Yes, sir?”
To my amusement, Dad cleared his throat again. Was he nervous too? “Would you like to help out in here on a more regular basis?”
Cody’s eyes lit up and his smile stretched right across his beautiful face, “That would be great. Yes, sir.”
Dad smiled back at him, “Come across to my office at say – three o’clock? We’ll talk about a rate.”
Cody nodded eagerly, “I’ll be there,” he promised.
Dad grunted, clearly remembering that he was supposed to be a little intimidating to his daughter’s boyfriend – not that he knew at this stage that we were kind of a couple, but anyway. He reserved his frown for me and left with his doughnut and coffee.
Cody turned to me, “I think he likes me.” He said with a cheeky grin.
I nodded, “I actually think you’re right.” I agreed incredulously, “How weird is that?”
Cody laughed, “Gee – thanks for the vote of confidence!” 
He left for Dad’s office at ten to three and I made myself busy by cleaning down. At this time in the afternoon there were few people left to serve drinks and cakes to. Most people started to make tracks home. It was getting cold and dark, after all.
I sighed. I really hoped Dad was being nice. I’d be absolutely mortified if he was mean to my new boyfriend...
Cody burst back through the doors at three-fifteen, a huge grin on his face. He came bounding across the room and vaulted the counter with ease. He picked me up and spun me around, “I’m on the books!” he said excitedly, “You and me are gonna be working together from now on!”
I gaped at him, “Did Dad say that?”
He nodded. 
I started to laugh but then remembering something he’d told me the other day I looked at him in horror. “You didn’t….” I broke off, sure that he wouldn’t really have done it…
“What?” he looked at me puzzled.
“You didn’t do that mind thingy did you – you didn’t make him think that?”
Cody looked hurt, “No, of course I didn’t,” he said, “but I did tell the truth about me and my family. He knows what we are now.”
I sighed with relief, “Oh, well good – and I’m sorry for thinking that you might have…” I trailed off, embarrassed that the thought had even crossed my mind.
He entwined his fingers with mine and pulled me closer to him. Looking me straight in the eye, he smiled, “Hey, it’s okay. I understand. I haven’t always been a good boy.”
I leaned against him, “That’s as maybe,” I said, “But honestly – I don’t care, I’d be with you anyway I think.”
He nodded, “I know,” He said softly. “And I’m absolutely sure that I’d have found you anyway.”
We cleared up what was left to do in the shop and switched everything off again. Gus was quite meticulous about cleanliness and safety and neither of us wanted him to come back and find that things weren’t in perfect order.
We closed up at four o’clock and I switched off all the lights and locked the door behind us.
Cody was leaning against the veranda looking up at the trees. He had an adorable frown on his face. He turned to me, still frowning. “What are those big round things hanging off the trees?”
I looked up. The big round things he was referring to was the parasitic plant, mistletoe. It had completely infested the trees in this area.
Oh God he would ask that… “You really don’t know?” I hedged.
He looked at me completely nonplussed. “Uh, no.” He said, as if I was completely nuts, “That’s why I asked.”
I nodded. Of course… City boy… “Um, it’s mistletoe.” I mumbled, feeling mortally embarrassed.
He nodded, his lips twitched then he raised an eyebrow, an impish grin on his face, “Really?” He asked. “Well, wouldn’t you know it?” he looked back up, “And we’re stood right beneath it.”
“Mm,” I managed. I was going hot all over and my heart was thumping at double time. What was it about this boy that made me feel like this?
He took a step closer. I looked up at him.
“Can I kiss you?” He asked, shy all of a sudden.
I nodded. My dad would kill me if he saw us…
Cody frowned at my thought and nodded. “You’re probably right, come on. It’s a little bit out in the open here anyway – maybe it wasn’t the best idea.”
I felt really disappointed. He’d probably changed his mind and decided I really wasn’t worth kissing even with a forest full of mistletoe. His warm hand grabbed mine and he pulled me to the side.
“Seriously, Sophie?” He chuckled as he pulled me gently towards him, “You still doubt me?”
I shook my head, embarrassed that he’d heard my inner demons giving me all these stupid doubts about him, “You shouldn’t be listening!”
He grinned at me, “Granted,” he agreed, “but you’re so loud in my head, it’s difficult not to!” I blushed, feeling really stupid. “And seriously – would I ask to kiss you if I didn’t want to? You’re so distrustful of me.” He looked at me reproachfully.
“Do you blame me?” I asked quietly.
He sighed and shook his head, “Well, based on my early behaviour towards you, I guess not. But I thought we’d gotten a little closer since then.”
I smiled at him. He edged closer.
He stood right in front of me and looked me right in the eye. I stared right back at him; his eyes, usually so pale, darkened a little as he leaned in closer. I held my breath as his lips brushed so lightly against mine it was like a whisper on the wind.
I leaned into him trying my best to keep the contact, but he’d leaned away again, “Was that alright?” he whispered.
“Oh, God, yeah.” I sighed.
He chuckled making me blush bright red. “Shall we try that again?” he asked softly.
I nodded and he pulled me a little closer. Leaving his hands at my waist he leaned in again. This time his lips were planted far more firmly against mine. They were soft and warm and felt absolutely heavenly. My arms seemed to have found their way around his neck of their own accord and even more embarrassingly my fingers were wound in his hair.
He pulled away slightly, his eyes a little glazed over, “Wow,” he breathed, “If that doesn’t tell you we’re made for each other…”
I nodded. “We so are.” I agreed trying to pull him back in again.
He laughed and took my hand. “As much as I would love to stand here all evening, kissing you until my lips were red-raw – we’d really better get going, before your Dad comes looking for us.”


Chapter 22 – Change of Heart

Sophie

As it turned out, Dad seemed to have had a change of heart about us dating. He grinned as we approached. Cody still had my hand firmly in his.
“Hey, guys,” he greeted us cheerfully, “good afternoon?”
I nodded, “Yeah, it got quite busy – obviously it was busy when you came in but it stayed that way for about another hour. It tailed off around three-ish.”
Dad nodded and shrugged, “Yeah, I guessed it would. This next week and into the first couple of weeks of next year will be like it for sure – hopefully it’ll stay that way.”
Cody nodded seriously. “I don’t like to be too forward, but I have a few ideas that might bring in a few more customers. Can I talk to you about them?”
Dad looked at him in surprise. “Well, sure – any ideas are welcome.”
Cody squeezed my hand, “I’ll see you in the morning, then.”
“You’re welcome to come back home with us now if you like. I’m guessing you and Sophie are kind of friends now.” He glanced at our entwined hands and then looked back up at us, his eyes twinkling.
I nodded, “Yes, we are.” I said.
Dad’s smile broadened; he nodded, “Well, the invitation is there. I have to go to the suppliers before they close for the day. You two can either walk or…”
I grinned. “We’ll get there somehow.”
We decided to walk as it turned out. I wanted a little more ‘us’ time without any interference. “What are your ideas?” I asked as we walked along, hand in hand.
He looked at me a little embarrassed. “Well, I don’t know if I’m totally off-base here but you have a lot of land and it’s all down-hill. There’s a huge expanse of ground that doesn’t seem to be used for anything.”
I nodded. “Yeah, you’re right – it isn’t. Dad keeps thinking about moving the quad bikes or his other idea was to introduce a motocross track.”
Cody’s eyes lit up, “Wow, motocross – that would be very cool.” He nodded, impressed. 
I was a little surprised, “That wasn’t your idea?”
He shook his head and pulled what looked like a paper napkin out of his pocket, “Nah, I really like water-sports. Whenever we go on holiday, I totally spend all of my time at the beach or at the lake playing on whatever there is. I thought a white-water run would be a great idea.” He shrugged self-consciously passing me the napkin. “It just seemed to be something that would bring in a whole lot more members.”
I looked at the detailed map sketched beautifully on the napkin. It was unbelievable – perfect down to the little touches like the trees and shrubs that would be planted up to make it look more attractive. Right now, it was functional at best. I beamed up at him. “Wow, Cody – this is absolutely fantastic and it really is a good idea. I think Dad’s gonna love it.”
He grinned back at me, his eyes shining, “Really? You think so?”
I nodded enthusiastically, “I really do, yes.”


Chapter 23 – Cody’s ideas explained…

Cody

I was totally stoked that Sophie seemed to like my idea for the white-water rafting run. I was a little nervous about telling her dad, but she seemed so utterly confident that he’d love the idea, I knew it would be stupid not to.
He was already home when Sophie and I arrived at her house.
Her mother greeted us with a look of surprise. “Oh, hello Cody – it’s nice to see you.”
I smiled and said something back along the same lines. I was pretty nervous.
Sophie’s dad came through when he heard us. “Hey kids.” He grinned.
“Um, Mr Milestone?” I stepped away from Sophie momentarily and approached him.
He looked at me and frowned, shaking his head. “If you’re gonna be around here a lot,” he made me smile inwardly with his next words, “and I’m guessing you will be if you’re anything like we were when we were your age – then we’re gonna have to be a lot less formal.” His voice was gruff but I could see he was rather pleased that Sophie had met another hybrid, “The name’s Jack. Is that okay with you?”
I nodded. “That’s fine.” I agreed. “I was telling Sophie about an idea I had for the centre.”
He looked at me. “Oh?”
I swallowed nervously, worried all of a sudden that he’d think I was talking out of turn. Sophie’s voice drifted into my consciousness, Just say it… I glanced back to her and she smiled encouragingly at me and nodded. Feeling braver to have her onside I took a deep breath, “I thought a white-water run might be cool. You know – where the quads are at the bottom of the hill? That could be where all the pumps could be and then the hill needs to have a little landscaping to make the run more interesting…”
Jack’s eyes lit up, “That is a fantastic idea,” he enthused, “and that still gives us the top field for a motocross track.”
Sophie sneaked up behind me and slipped her hand through mine. She squeezed it. He’s totally into you. Looking up at her dad she said, “Cody’s drawn a rough map of what he thinks it might look like.”
I grinned at her and nodded imperceptibly.
“Oh, yeah?” Jack asked, all interested. I nodded, and pulled out the napkin again. His jaw dropped at the detailed drawing, “A sketch?” he asked faintly.
I felt a little embarrassed, “Well, you know,” I trailed off, “You can keep it if you think you can use it.”
Jack nodded, his eyes were bright with excitement, “I really like your ideas,” he said, “I’ll definitely be looking into making some changes.” He wandered out of the room, my napkin firmly still in his hand.
Her mother glanced at us both. “Are you staying for something to eat?” she asked.
I looked at Sophie. I wanted to stay with her desperately, but at the same time, I really didn’t want to outstay my welcome, “Uh, well, sure. I’d love to – but I don’t want to put anyone to any trouble.”
Her mother, who insisted along with her husband that I use her first name – Janice – smiled at me. “It’s no trouble, Cody,” she grinned, “and I get the feeling you two would be happy for the extra time together.”
I grinned at her. “You’d be right.” I agreed.
Sophie beamed at her mum and took my hand. “We’ll be in the playroom.” She said.
I looked at her with a slightly puzzled look. “Playroom?” I asked, “What the hell’s a playroom?”
She giggled. “Well, it’s more of an extra lounge these days of course since we’re pretty much grown up now but it was our playroom when we were small.”
I nodded. “We never had one,” I said, “of course, we never stayed in one place long enough…”
She frowned slightly and pulled me down on the sofa next to her. Leaning against me she entwined her fingers with mine. “You won’t have to leave again, will you?” she whispered.
I shrugged. The truth was that I had no idea, really, “I don’t know,” I answered honestly, “I guess Mum and Dad will keep moving on. It’s kind of something in Mum since she always seems to find something somewhere that needs sorting out but I’m happy here now. I don’t think I could ever leave – unless of course you came too.”
She nodded thoughtfully, “I think you’d have to stay here with us. I couldn’t see Mum letting me go.”
I grinned, “I don’t mind staying here,” I said.


Chapter 24 – Arrogant show-off

Cody

We settled ourselves down on the sofa in the ‘playroom’. It was nice in here. It looked as if it had been a well-used and well-loved room. My heart constricted a little at the thought. I’d never felt emotionally attached to any of the houses we’d lived in. Part of me felt bad for having found Sophie. I still thought that I was essentially more bad than good for her and I really didn’t want our family to have any sort of negative influence on her life.
She looked at me with her head on one side. “You know, I realise you’re really good at this mind-blocking stuff, but could you tell me what’s bothering you? I might not be able to actually hear your thoughts right now, but something’s wrong. It’s kind of written all over your face anyhow.”
I grinned at her and shook my head. “You’re right,” I admitted, “I was thinking of depressing stuff.”
Her eyes widened at my confession, “What sort of stuff?” she asked, reaching for my hand and entwining her fingers through mine.
I shrugged. “Nothing really,” I sighed, “I just don’t want to ruin your life.” She looked at me as if I was really stupid. I laughed. “Don’t look at me like that!”
“Well, don’t talk stupid then!” she scolded me, “My life has never been so good.” She blushed, which made her look so damned cute. 
I grinned at her and nodded, “Alright. I’ll do my best.” I promised.
“So, go on then. Tell me this theory of your mum’s. The full version this time, not your edited highlights.”
I raised an eyebrow. “How did you know I was doing that?” I asked.
She grinned at me, “Call it a gift.” She said.
I laughed and sucked in a breath. “Where to start…” I looked at her. “Okay, well, see – the more we hybrid descendants meet each other and… well, you know.”
“Breed?” she asked, blushing bright red again.
I almost choked at that, “Um, well, yeah – the stronger our gifts get. So, she thinks that’s the reason we’re finding each other so much more quickly than she found Dad.”
She nodded, “Right – and that’s a good thing?”
I nodded too, feeling myself blushing, “Well, I think so – don’t you?”
She shrugged, making my heart sink a little, “I dunno,” she said seriously, “it wasn’t five minutes ago that you were heading for the dark side. How are our gifts getting stronger going to help? Surely the boredom factor will get worse when we get so advanced that nothing is a challenge, but we have still have to hide our abilities so that the normal people don’t take us out?”
I frowned at her. Where was she coming from? “Do you really think the normal people really care?”
She nodded her head, looking really serious. “Don’t you?” she countered. At my blank expression, she rolled her eyes, “They’ll either want to lock us up and do experiments on us. Or they’ll want us to cure their every ailment with our super-powers.”
I stared at her. Wow, I’d never really thought about that and I guess I should have done, having been caught up in the all the trouble with the gangs. “You might be right.” I mused. I looked at her, God she was beautiful and she seemed to have taken on board what I’d told her about Mum’s theory. Time to test that… “So, do you think we are?”
She looked at me with a puzzled frown, “What?”
“Kindred spirits?” I tried to look confident, but I was a mass of bubbling nerves on the inside and my voice kind of cracked as I said it. This meant everything to me but she was definitely holding back.
She didn’t answer me straight away, which was torturous. She got up and looked out of the window. I stayed where I was. I didn’t want to pressure her into anything but I was absolutely convinced that she was mine for keeps… forever. Her answer therefore, kind of floored me. She wasn’t just holding back, she was downright disbelieving of it. “I don’t know,” she said with a shrug, “it all seems a bit weird to me.” 
My heart sank to my boots. She really didn’t sound like she was on board with the whole thing at all. I knew she liked me but I guess it was a bit weird to be told that you’re someone’s soulmate when you really didn’t like them to begin with… “Not even a little bit?” I wheedled, trying to look appealing.
She sighed and turned back to me, “You know I really like you. Love you, even…”
I tried to see the positive in that answer, but it was what she wasn’t saying that bothered me. I knew there was more she wanted to say, she just didn’t seem to know how to put it, “But?” I asked.
She gave me an apologetic look, “It’s just that… well, you’re such an arrogant show off. I never saw myself with anyone like you…” She went pink.
I nodded, I guess she was right. I was always trying to appear confident and, being me, it never really went right and I ended up looking a right big-headed idiot. “I know I can be a bit of a prat,” I agreed, “I was counting on you to rein me in.” I gave her my most charming grin – or at least that was what I was aiming for, “And for the record, I never really saw myself with anyone like you, either.”
She frowned at me, “What do you mean?” she asked indignantly.
I rolled my eyes. She always managed to focus on what could be meant as negative. “No one as lovely and sweet.” I said, “I thought I was destined for someone as badass as me.”
“Badass?” she cocked an eyebrow, “You’re kidding me, right?”
I shrugged, “I’d prefer not to be. I like things the way they are here.”
To my relief she smiled, “I like things as they are too – let’s just see how things keep going.”


Chapter 25 – Mrs Conner’s theory

Sophie

We were having a bit of a heart-to-heart in my old playroom. He was quite convinced by his mother’s theory and I have to admit, it did seem to make sense when he explained it but I was a little uncomfortable about deciding that he was my forever guy at this stage in our relationship. Let’s face it, I hardly knew him.
And what I did know about him filled me with anxiety. I knew he’d been in a gang before they came here and I knew he and his family were kind of on the run because of it. What I also knew, though, and this was what made his mother’s theory so damned believable was that I was head over heels in love with him. He was a pain in the arse and as big-headed as it was possible to be but I loved him with every fibre of my being. It was the soulmate bit I couldn’t get my head around – or kindred spirits or whatever you wanted to call it. It all seemed a little far-fetched to me. I decided that I needed to know a whole lot more before I was willing to accept we were it for each other. “Can you tell me a bit more about your family?” I asked.
He smiled and nodded, threading his fingers through mine, “What would you like to know?”
“Well, the other day when you were telling me about cutting yourself on that window.” I didn’t want to mention anything about gangs with my parents only across the hallway in the kitchen.
He seemed to realise and nodded, “yeah?”
“You mentioned a brother called Fabien? So, I’m guessing he’s older? Since I’ve only seen the three of you. Where does he live?”
Cody smiled. “He lives near Coventry with his wife, Ffion.”
I nodded, “Oh, right. So, is he a lot older, then?”
Cody nodded, “Yeah, he’s twenty-three.”
Not that much older, then. “Any other mysterious siblings?”
Cody nodded again, which surprised me a little. I thought four beautiful men was enough…
He grinned, “I’m the most beautiful one,” he said with a chuckle. I smacked his shoulder. “Yes, the eldest of us all is Genesis. He and Fabe are actually my cousins – but well, since we all grew up together, I see them more as brothers, really. I was so young when they came to live with us that I can’t actually remember life when they weren’t there.”
I gaped at him. “How many of you are there then?” Was he going to tell me about any more?
He laughed and rolled his eyes at my shocked face. “Five altogether, although Mum and Dad adopted Genesis and Fabien when her sister and husband split up around fifteen years ago and she…” he broke off looking uncomfortable. 
I put my hand on his arm, feeling the now familiar tingling in my fingers at our connection. “Hey, you don’t have to tell me stuff you’re uncomfortable with.” I said.
He nodded, “I know that,” he smiled at me, and entwined his fingers through mine. “So, Genesis is the eldest, Fabien is just over a year younger than him and then us three are quite a lot younger. Genesis is twenty-six and Fabien is almost twenty-four – in fact, it’s his birthday next week.”
“Do they call your parents ‘Mum and Dad’ or by their names?”
He smiled at all my questions but he answered everything I wanted to know without any hesitation, “Mum and Dad.” He said.
I nodded. “Well, that’s nice.” I said.
He nodded. “I don’t think of them any differently.”
I was on a roll with my questions now, “Do they ever see their real parents?”
He shook his head. “Their dad disappeared altogether and…” He stopped again, biting his lip.
I waited. I didn’t want to push him but if he wanted to unburden himself but I can’t deny that I was dying to know…
He took a deep breath, “She killed herself.” At my shocked face, he added quickly, “not on purpose…”
I stared at him, a feeling of shock jolted through me that she’d somehow managed to kill herself without meaning too... “How?”
He sighed and shook his head, “She had a dangerous gift. It went out of control with her grief. We have to be careful, Sophie. Our gifts can be a curse.”
I nodded. “What was her gift?” I asked in a small voice. I wasn’t sure I wanted to know…
“Fire,” He said quietly.
I blanched. Dana had a bit of a habit of throwing fire when she was annoyed. “Oh my God,” I whispered.
He looked at me. “What?” he said, looking alarmed at my white face.
“Dana.” I said.
“What?” He frowned at me, “I thought you said she was a flyer.”
“Yeah,” I nodded, “let’s call her multi-talented. She’s also a fire-thrower.”
He let out a low whistle, “I knew she was meant for Dakota,” he said grinning broadly, “We call him ice-man. They’re perfectly matched.”
“What do you mean?” Ice-man? What the hell was that all about?
“He fights fire with his ice. We can build snowmen in the middle of August if the fancy takes him.”
I laughed. I could just imagine it, “Seriously? How the hell does he do that?”
Cody shrugged and laughed, “I don’t know,” he said, shaking his head, “it’s just something he’s always been able to do. He can manipulate the elements somehow. He doesn’t really use his gift but if he’s going to annoy your sister... I’m guessing it’ll come in handy.”
I nodded. Damned right, she was positively ferocious sometimes.
Something occurred to me about us being perfectly matched and my sister and Dakota being perfect for each other. Did that mean that some of us weren’t? Maybe Cody would know, “Weren’t Genesis and Fabien’s parents well matched then?”
He shook his head, looking sad. “Not really. He was human.” He said quietly. 
I raised my eyebrows. “Aren’t we allowed to settle down with humans then?”
He shrugged, “I don’t know, I guess we can. I’m not saying it’s impossible – just that they didn’t work out. He might have just been a really shitty guy. Like I’ve said, not all hybrids are good people – just like not all humans are but not all humans are bad, either. They were probably just unlucky in love.”
I nodded. That made sense.Let’s face it, we were only here because some gorevans had mated with some humans. They must have been happy with each other – maybe… “So what sort of gifts do Genesis and Fabien have then?”
Cody looked at me, “Pretty good ones as it turns out. Genesis is an absolute genius – he passed all his GCSE’s at twelve or something and his A levels the year after. He had to keep taking more just to pass the time while he waited to go to uni. He’s a university lecturer now only he’s also kind of under-cover.”
I stared at him, “Under-cover?”
He grinned and nodded. “He works for some high-tech company in the city. They’re on this project at the moment keeping tabs on some university. Seems the university is recruiting an awful lot of very talented kids.”
I looked at him wide-eyed as I tuned in, “Talented, as in…?”
Cody nodded, “Particularly gifted some might say.” He said.
“Like us, you mean?” My eyes were like saucers.
He grinned and nodded again, “Like I said – we’re everywhere, us freaky hybrids.”
I grinned back. It felt quite good to know there were more of us than I’d ever thought. It seemed less freaky somehow – almost as if we did actually belong.
Cody stretched and very carefully sneaked his arm around my back. It was a very cool move. “So, yeah – we’re all brothers or at least as close to brothers as we can be,” he grinned, “all with super powers and all desperate to annoy each other to the extreme,” He snorted, “well, maybe that’s just me, Dakota and Ethan.”
Dakota, I thought absently, that was such a strange name. Cool, but strange. Ethan was fairly normal –and Cody… well, it wasn’t too bad…
He was grinning at me again and pulled me into his side. “I’d rather you thought my name was fabulous rather than not too bad.”
I blushed and smiled shyly at him. Would I ever remember to edit my thoughts? “What are the others names again?”
He grinned even more broadly, “Genesis is my eldest brother – named after the first project I think and Fabien – you’d like him. He’s all gorgeous and Adonis-like. He found his kindred spirit first – that was no surprise to any of us. He’s just a great guy through and through.”
I rather thought that Cody was too, but I was trying my best keep my errant thoughts to myself – and it wasn’t easy. I wasn’t sure if he really wasn’t getting all my thoughts or if he was just being kind. “How many of you have found them?”
“Just Fabien – and now maybe, me,” He smiled at me shyly.
I returned his smile. It was getting harder and harder to deny that what we had wasn’t as special as it got, “So Genesis, Dakota and Ethan still haven’t found what they’re looking for?”
He shrugged. “Dakota might have. He’s pretty damned smitten with your sister.” I nodded and grinned. I was willing to bet he was right on that score, too. “Genesis, not as far as I know,” he sighed “and Ethan’s going to struggle. Did you know he was gay?”
I looked at him with a frown. Was he casting aspersions on his brother’s sexuality? “So, can’t gay people find their soulmates, then?” I asked a little indignantly, raising an eyebrow.
Cody looked at me with a frown, “We hope so for his sake,” he said seriously. “But it would appear from Mum’s research that there are very few of them. Or at least, few that will admit to it.”
I frowned at him, “How so?”
He shrugged. “How am I supposed to know? Mum said so, that’s all.”
I narrowed my eyes. “I can’t believe that’s true…” I started, but then I thought about Dean’s parents being totally homophobic and I stopped. Was the world full of dreadful people who wanted to persecute others for being different to themselves? Ah, actually – yes it was or we wouldn’t have to fly under the radar for being hybrids, would we? So maybe it would be harder for Ethan. That saddened me; it also made me wonder what would happen between Dean and Faron long term, too.
Cody frowned at me, “What’s up?” he asked, “You were miles away there for a minute.”
“Just thinking,” I said, “It’s not right that Ethan can’t find his soulmate.”
He shook his head and sighed. “I know,” he agreed, “I think Mum spends far more time than she lets on looking.”
“Looking?” What the hell was she looking for? Could she spot a gay guy at a million paces or something?
He grinned and rolled his eyes at my silly unasked question, “She’s a seer,” he said with a chuckle, “I thought I’d already told you that.”
Well, now I felt silly. “Well, you said she saw beneath the glossy exterior of bad people.” I said, a little sulkily, “Not that she was an all-seeing super-human seer.”
He rolled his eyes and nodded, “I should have been more specific.” He said with a grimace, “It’s an absolute nightmare – she sees everything.”


Chapter 26 – Burning jealousy

Jared

I can’t even begin to tell you how jealous I was to see Dean and Faron meeting each other at lunchtimes. I felt totally pushed out. Faron was my best mate and I’d never left him to eat lunch alone for any of the girls I’d dated.
So, there I was, sat alone; my sandwich half-finished and sitting there, on my plate, looking as sorry for itself as I felt. It didn’t help that I could see Dean and Faron from where I was sat. I couldn’t help noticing that they didn’t look exactly happy with each other and as terrible a person as it makes me sound – that made me feel a little better. Faron was always happy when he was around me – well, usually... He hadn’t been particularly happy the other night when he came around.
My heart skipped a beat to see him stood there on the doorstep. He hadn’t been around in a while.
“Hey, Faron – come on in.” I grinned at him. I wasn’t expecting him to come around and it was a really nice surprise. “Come on up – I’ve just gone up another level on that war game you got me for Christmas, last year.”
Faron smiled. It was as beautiful as it had always been but it didn’t really reach his eyes and I knew something had to be wrong. I reached out and squeezed his arm. “You alright, dude?”
He sighed and shook his head. “Not really.”
My heart started to thump; trouble in paradise? I shouldn’t have been pleased about him being unhappy – and I wasn’t happy that he wasn’t happy, don’t get me wrong but I have to admit, I really was unhappy about him being with Dean. I know it was rich when I’d dated a whole heap of girls in the last couple of years, trying to convince myself that I wasn’t actually in love with my best friend and had failed absolutely miserably, of course. I was more in love with him than I ever was – and I was as jealous as it was possible to be that he seemed to have got past his feelings for me… “Oh, right. What’s up dude?”
He sighed and shook his head, rubbing his eyes the way he always did when he was stressed out. He eventually looked up at me, “Dean isn’t right for me.”
I suppressed a snort. Well, obviously. “I could have told you that, weeks ago.” I said without really thinking. My guard always slipped when it was just the two of us.
He nodded with the ghost of a smile on his beautiful face, “Then why did you ask him out for me?” he asked, raising an eyebrow.
Ah. He’d got me there... I felt my face heating up. I had to think on my feet, “Well, because you wanted me to – what are friends for?” I blurted out. I know. I was as lame as they come, but I’d been caught on the back foot…
Faron sighed and shook his head, “He hasn’t come out to his parents.” He looked up at me, his expression one of frustration and of resigned acceptance all at the same time, “by all accounts his dad would rather see me dead than see his son truly happy – so I’m thinking I should end it now – before one or other of us gets too fond of the other.”
My heart skipped a beat at his words, “So – you’re not… too fond of him – yet?”
Faron looked me straight in the eye and my stomach went all fluttery as I gazed back at him. Surely, he must have guessed by now how I felt about him? I felt like it was written all over my face, “No.” he said firmly. “I’m really not.”
I breathed a silent sigh of relief. “Right, well, you know – whatever you think is right.”
Faron frowned at me. I wasn’t surprised. I was being a right dick. “What would you do?” he asked.
“Um, well, now you come to mention it – I’d probably finish it. I um, I finished with Chelsea last night actually. It wasn’t really working out…” I held my breath, wondering what he’d say to that.
“Really?” he asked, raising an eyebrow.
I chanced a look at him and nodded, “Yeah, it wasn’t going anywhere. And she fancies Brad Higgins. I guess he’s more her type…” Damned right he was more her type. He was straight for starters…
Faron seemed to be in a world of his own. He was barely listening.
“Did you even hear me?” I asked.
He jumped and looked at me a little guiltily. “Um, sorry, no – I wasn’t really listening.” he blushed adorably. “I was wondering how best to tell Dean it was over.”
“Just tell him,” I said flatly. I knew it was brutal but sometimes you just had to pull off the Band-Aid…
Faron jumped up and nodded. “I will.” He said with a grin, “Thanks, dude – for sorting my head out.”
I hadn’t really done anything. “You’re welcome.” I muttered and watched him go. I reached for the games controller and started playing the game again, feeling a little deflated that he’d left. Still, at least it looked like we were both gonna be single again before long. He might at least spend a little more time with me again, then…


Chapter 27 – Busted

Cody

“Cody?”
I froze. I knew that voice from a while back – and it wasn’t a voice I ever wanted to hear again. I turned slowly, racking my brains to work out where Sophie might be right now. I had to warn her to stay away – the only trouble was that this guy might be able to hear my warning, since he’d be no stranger to hearing thoughts.
I could only hope that she was quite a long way off and not listening in on me, right now.
“Mr Chaplin.” I said politely. I didn’t want to get on the wrong side of him; this guy was dangerous with a capital D.
He looked around, nodding. He looked pretty impressed with the surroundings. “So, this is where you ended up – and are your family here too?”
My heart started thumping. His beef was with me – not my family. “I don’t think I have to confirm the whereabouts of my family, Mr Chaplin – as I’m quite certain you will already know one way or the other anyway.”
He chuckled darkly. “You’re absolutely right, of course, Cody. Now, as delightful as it is to pass the time of day with you in this wonderful play-park, I think it’s time you took a walk with me. You don’t want to be involving that lovely young lady you’ve been spending all of your time with in our business, do you?”
Shit. He already knew about Sophie, too – this was bad; this was very, very bad…
I tried to keep my thoughts about her absolutely neutral, which wasn’t easy – my best bet was to not think about her at all. If I wasn’t thinking about her, he couldn’t read my thoughts. “It’s not what you think, sir,” I said as evenly as I could, “she’s the daughter of the owner, that’s all. We just work together.”
“Of course.” He said, giving nothing away about what he really knew. I hoped he was just trying to glean information from me, and my shields were up.
I had no other choice than to go with him. I had to protect the others…


Sophie

I was just bringing a bag of rubbish out of the café when I had the most wretched feeling coursing through me. Gasping for breath, I looked around and that was when I saw him. Cody was in trouble. I don’t know how I knew, but I just did. He was on the other side of the lake, talking to some guy in a sharp, grey suit. Something inside of me immediately told me he was trouble and I was instantly terrified for him. I’d never been able to do Dad’s trick of being able to see over long distance or to be able to hear something really far away before but in that instant, I could hear Cody and see him as clearly as if he was stood next to me. I could also see the suited guy really clearly and I swear, I’ll never forget that face for as long as I live…
Panicking for his safety, I tried to talk to him through our usual line of communication but found that he was deliberately blocking me. My panic increased. Should I go over there?
I saw the look on his face, though. He was quite clearly worried and I guessed it wasn’t the best idea, so as hard as it was, I stayed put.
I listened to their conversation and watched with my heart in my mouth as he walked down the main entrance and got into the guy’s car.
Who the hell was that guy? And just what the hell was Cody thinking of by going with him? My blood ran cold as I thought of all the things he’d told me about his life before he got here. There was really only one explanation. Whoever this Mr Chaplin guy was – he’d caught up with him.
I tried again to contact him. This time I was successful, he’d let his guard down.
Where are you going?
I can’t tell you.
You have to tell me! I’ve just seen you getting into a car with some guy in a suit. Should I tell your brother?
He was silent for a moment as if he was assessing the situation for himself.
No, I need to keep the rest of you safe. Don’t follow me. I’ll contact you as soon as I know where they’ve taken me and what’s going on. I don’t think anyone can tune into us – but please believe me, these guys are something else, so please wait for me to contact you.
Fine.
I wasn’t happy about it, but what else could I do? I decided that maybe it would be better to tell Dakota anyway. He might not be able to do anything straight away but he might be able to think of something…
“Dakota?” I stood nervously at the side of the quad bikes where Dakota had just pulled up, wondering if I should say something or go along with what Cody wanted to do. In the end, the idea of leaving him to cope all alone with that seedy looking dude was too much for me to bear.
He pulled his helmet off and looked up and smiled at me, “Hi, Sophie – looking for Cody?”
I shook my head, feeling the panic rising in my chest. “No,” I gasped “I really need your help. He’s just left with some greasy looking guy in a suit. He wasn’t communicating at all while he was here – I was trying my best to speak to him but he was deliberately keeping me blocked. I think he’s in real trouble, Dakota.”
Dakota went as white as a sheet, “Shit,” he muttered; he looked at me, his eyebrows knitting together with worry, “What did the guy look like?” he asked.
What had he looked like? I’d taken more notice of his hair and his suit than anything but the more I concentrated on the memory, the sharper into focus he came, “Um, about five feet ten, greying hair at the sides, dark eyes and heavy eyebrows. He had quite sharp cheek bones, the slightest excuse for a moustache – flashy git, you know?” Dakota nodded, “And he was wearing a really expensive suit – and he was driving a really posh car too…”
He grimaced, “Sounds like DC.”
“DC?” Who the hell was DC? Cody had never mentioned that name to me before, I was sure.
He nodded, “Donald Chaplin.” He said seriously. “He’s bad news. His cover is excellent – he runs a really successful business in stationery of all things – but really, he’s one of the most powerful cocaine smugglers in the country. He’s untouchable – well, at the moment he is anyway. We kind of brought the cops to his doorstep with our antics last year and now it seems he’s found us again,” he shook his head grimly, “I’ll have to tell Mum, of course…”
I bit my lip, “Cody wants to protect you all. He asked me not to tell you. He’ll be really mad with me if anything happens to you or your family,” I felt like crying. This was all getting too much for me.
Dakota grinned at me and shook his head, “And do you really think we wouldn’t notice when he failed to turn up for his tea?”
I gave him a watery smile back, “I know, but…”
Dakota put his arm around my shoulder and hugged me into his side. “Come on, Sophie,” he said, “you’re almost my sister, now. If you can’t tell your big brother when something’s bothering you – who can you tell?”
I let out a nervous laugh, “Well, I guess – when you put it like that.”
He laughed too, even though the situation was serious, “Come on. I’ll just give this back to Billy and then we’ll go and find Ethan. We’d better make tracks and tell Mum,” He looked thoughtful, “although to be fair – she’ll likely already know, anyway.”
I followed Dakota across the complex to where Ethan was shooting hoops with a couple of his mates from the sixth form I recognised.
“Ethan,” Dakota shouted him through the fencing. He turned, immediately frowning as he spotted me with the wrong brother, “What’s up?”
Dakota shrugged, trying to look as if there was nothing to worry about, “Something and nothing,” he said, “can you come back home with us now?”
His frown deepened as he sensed there was something wrong. He made his excuses and joined us.
Dakota filled him in quickly. Ethan turned to me. “No one else is on your frequency with Cody,” He said, “We only know what you’ve said to him when we get it second-hand.”
“Second-hand?” I looked at him puzzled.
Dakota snorted and Ethan grinned, “He replays your conversations quite a lot. We can see them then – but not first hand.”
I was mortified. I had no idea he did that – how cute was it that he replayed our conversations? But how embarrassing. What else did he replay?
I nodded. “I knew we couldn’t be listened in on. I got Dana to check a while ago. So, does that mean I’m the only one who can talk to him while he’s with them?” My stomach turned over. I really wasn’t very good at this dangerous stuff. I was a wuss with a capital W.
“You know, that’s a very handy tool you two have going on.” Ethan grinned.
I nodded, blushing. “I honestly thought you guys could hear his thoughts, though?”
Dakota nodded. “Yes, that’s true. Like I said, we can hear his general thoughts because we’re his brothers – just like I doubt Dana could hear his thoughts, but she’ll be able to hear yours,” I nodded, “so just like us with Cody, it’s not so much about hearing them first-hand, as second – she’ll be able to see you playing the thoughts back, but no one else can hear them as they actually happen.”
I nodded, understanding what he was getting at, “So this DC guy. He won’t be able to get anything that we say to each other?”
Ethan frowned, “In theory, no – unless he’s got some really powerful mind reader working for him. Cody will be using a lot of energy on shielding his thoughts and if he’s kept from sleep…”
I swallowed. The idea of him being mistreated at all was killing me, “What do they want?”
Dakota shrugged, “Revenge for being put in the spotlight? Who knows?” he sighed and ran his hand though his short hair, “This is all my fault. If I’d only channelled my energies a little more thoughtfully…”
Ethan patted his brother’s shoulder, “You can’t undo the past, mate, no matter how hard you try – what’s done is done. We just need to get him back.”


Chapter 28 – Captive

Cody

DC pushed me roughly into the back seat, where two of his heavies were waiting for me. I might have known he couldn’t operate alone. I remember being bundled in between the two of them and being manhandled a little roughly, then I felt a sharp prick in my arm and then everything went black.
I had absolutely no idea where I was when I came to but it appeared to be a hotel room. It was actually very nice, but under the circumstances as to how I’d arrived there, it seriously wasn’t where I wanted to be.
My room was quite small and I don’t know if it was by design or mistake and I’d take a wild guess at a mistake, but there was a window. I looked out and to my surprise, I realised I wasn’t actually all that far from home. I’d guess that Mr Chaplin had no idea I knew this end of town but then I’d guess he’d never ridden a bicycle in his life either. This was most definitely Harlow Street, a rather rough street on the outskirts of our small town. It was well-known for being frequented by drug dealers, prostitutes and other unsavoury types and was exactly the sort of place I would expect to find DC, if I’m honest. However, it also happened to run right alongside the canal, which was a particularly scenic cycle route between the park and the nature reserve and I’d ridden along here to get to Sophie’s outdoor centre hundreds of times since we’d moved in. I placed my aching forehead against the glass and closed my eyes. If I hadn’t been such a bloody fool to get myself involved in a stupid gang in the first place, none of this would have happened.
I looked around me. My head was thumping and I felt really sick. I lay down on the bed. Thankfully my hands and feet were free but still, I wasn’t fooled by that concession. I was still a prisoner here, bound and gagged or otherwise.
At the side of me was a sideboard with a lamp. I was quite surprised to see that I had a TV and even the latest PlayStation and a good selection of games. That didn’t really make me feel any better. They were clearly reckoning on keeping me here a while, then. I looked around. A sudden thought struck me. What if they’d done something to me whilst I’d been unconscious? My blood ran cold. I couldn’t imagine living without my abilities and the idea of not being able to communicate with Sophie – or my brothers, for that matter – well, it was just unthinkable.
I decided to find out if they had. I decided to start with my most powerful gift. I could usually make things move around, and make things happen at will. So, let’s see. I got up and looked out of the small glass window in my door. A woman was sat at a desk nearby. She was inputting some data onto a screen. Let’s see if she’d pick up the monitor and turn it around… I concentrated on her moving it.
I could have laughed out loud when she frowned and stood up. She picked up the monitor and turned it away from herself and sat back down.
The look of utter confusion on her face when she realised what she’d just done was absolutely priceless. I had her move it back pretty quickly. I didn’t want anyone else realising that she wasn’t doing it of her own free will.
I moved back to the bed and heaved a sigh of relief. Well that was good. If I could make her move stuff against her will, I could likely make her unlock this door, too…
It wasn’t going to be that easy, though. DC knew more about me than he was letting on, I was quite sure of that.
I had no idea if DC was a regular human – or if, like me, he was part gorevan. I didn’t much care either way. He certainly wasn’t a nice guy and he would be in serious trouble for kidnapping me no matter what. Of course, if he was a hybrid, he could have learned all sorts of different gifts by now and none of them would be used for the greater good, I was sure…
I was desperate to contact Sophie – just to let her know I was okay and to give her an idea of where we were. I could see out across the city and, as I’ve mentioned, I knew I was in the Harlow Street district. It wasn’t the nicest of areas and not one I was familiar with, except for passing it on my bike via the cycle path but I knew a lot of the activities I’d been involved with when I was part of the gang had received their instructions from here. Obviously, DC and his men were behind the whole sordid operation. I should have known he’d catch up with us at some point.
I tentatively called Sophie’s name in my mind.
Where are you? She demanded immediately.
My heart spiked at the sound of her voice in my head. Harlow Street. DC has some kind of office-come-hotel like space on one of the upper floors. I must be at least ten storeys up. Don’t come looking for me. I’ll get back to you somehow. Gotta go before I’m detected talking to you.
I sat back on my bed. What to do next? I had to sit tight for at least a short time. Not least to find out what the hell was going on. Then I was going to make a run for it. I just needed to know the way out – and I wasn’t going to find that sitting here. I wondered if it was possible to become invisible…


Chapter 29 – Harlow Street

Sophie

“He just spoke to me!” I burst into Dakota’s room. Dana and I were round at their house, since it was Saturday and Dad had insisted we both have the morning away from the outdoor centre. He and Mum and gone off to it anyway. It was currently closed to the public for refurbishment. Dad had totally loved Cody’s suggestion for a white-water run and had an architect coming over to work out the logistics of the thing and since it was so close to Christmas it was the ideal time to do it. Not many people used the facilities at this time of year – apart from the clay pigeon shooting ground and that was being opened on Boxing day for a competition.
Dana and Dakota looked up from the computer game they were playing on. Both looked as freaked out by Cody’s disappearance as I was.
“What did he say?” Dakota asked.
“He’s in a high-rise office in Harlow Street.” I gasped. My chest hurt at the thought of him trapped in the building. “He says DC has an office-come-hotel space going on up there.”
Dakota nodded and pulled out his mobile. He called Genesis. “Yeah, Harlow Street. It’s DC – that guy we were involved with last year.”
I couldn’t make out what Genesis was saying and I couldn’t be bothered to try to glean it from Dakota’s mind. I really wasn’t all that good at reading minds unless I was really close to the person and Dakota and I weren’t all that close.
Dana got up from where she was sat and gave me a hug. “I think you’re doing really well.” She said, “I don’t know what I’d do without Dakota, anymore.”
I nodded, my eyes filling with tears. “I know.” I whispered. “It’s like someone has ripped my heart out and left me bleeding.”
She looked at me in dismay. “We’ll get him back.” She squeezed my arm. “I promise.”
I nodded. Suddenly, a thought came to me. We couldn’t go storming the place. We’d be totally on their radar. Someone else was going to have to go and check out the area first… I could only think of one person who I trusted enough to ask… Faron.


Chapter 30 – Means of escape

Cody

I glanced through the window that separated me from the people that worked for Mr Chaplin. That woman sat at the computer was easy enough to manipulate. I wondered if she would actually do something that I directly asked her to do.
I went over to the door and tried it. Of course, it was locked. I knocked.
She looked up at me and frowned. “What do you want?” she asked me harshly.
I gave her my best forlorn look, “I’m really thirsty.” I said, “And I really need to use the bathroom,” I forced myself to blush, “would you mind?”
She scowled at me and picked up the telephone that was on the desk next to her. “The boy needs a drink and a pee.” She said. Well, what a charming woman… Still she wasn’t gonna be nice, being involved with this crowd of guerrillas, was she?
She put the receiver back down and came across to my room. She unlocked it. Well, that was my first clue – she had a key to my door. Bingo.
I waited for her to open the door and then waited for her to show me where to go, “The bathroom is at the end of the corridor and let me warn you – no funny business or you’ll be very sorry. Mr Chaplin wants to see you in five minutes.”
I nodded. I would be a fool to try any ‘funny business’ at this point in my stay here. I hadn’t the faintest idea as to where any of the exits were and I knew nothing about why he wanted me. Some things were worth waiting for to find out.
I used the bathroom and washed my hands. I made my way back to the grumpy old witch, “I’m back.” I smiled brightly at her. Smile back why don’t you? I thought as I looked at her. Suddenly she smiled back at me. She was really quite good-looking when she wasn’t scowling like an old hawk. I wanted to laugh. She sure was easy to manipulate. That was going to come in handy soon enough…
“Mr Chaplin wants to see you now, Cody.” She said, still smiling, “His door is the third on the left.”
I nodded. Swallowing a little nervously I turned and made for the door she had indicated to. I knocked.
“Come in.” came Donald Chaplin’s voice. Trying to stop myself from shaking, I opened the door and walked in.
He wasn’t alone. I hadn’t expected him to be.
“Good evening, Cody.” He said with a smile that was so insincere it was almost laughable.
“Evening,” I replied. There was nothing good about it. Well, not as far as I was concerned anyway.
“Do you have any idea why I have brought you here?”
I shook my head. It would be futile trying to read his mind. If he was like me, he would have all sorts of barriers in place to stop me. If he was human – well, to be honest that wasn’t really an option I’d ever considered. He just seemed to be too accomplished somehow, but what did I know? There were plenty of humans just as capable of greatness – and great evil – than some of the characters we’d come across that were the same as us.
“Then I’ll endeavour to explain.” He smiled. My skin prickled and I had the urge to just cross the room and punch him until he was a bloody mess of beaten pulp. It was a fleeting notion, but it was there…
“You showed great potential when you were part of your little gang back in Orcheston.”
I bristled. I knew he’d been involved in the other gang – so what was his part in it all? “I don’t know what you mean, sir.” I said. “And I don’t want to go back to that sort of thing. I learned my lesson when my friends died. It woke me up to the sort of person I’d become – and I don’t want to be that sort of person anymore.”
Mr Chaplin frowned. “Now, now, Cody – let’s not be hasty. You were excellent at your craft.”
“That wasn’t a craft,” I argued, “I was a liar, a thief and a vandal. That’s just being a juvenile delinquent.” I could feel myself getting more and more annoyed. Two young men had lost their lives for being part of that gang and he was talking about it as if what I’d been doing was something to be admired. Well, no thanks…
He smiled. “No. You’re very convincing in your arguments, Cody but you and I both know that you’re special. That you can somehow or other make things happen – that you can control others. That’s what I’m interested in and that’s what I want to recruit you for.”
“Recruit me?” I was puzzled, “You’re offering me a job?”
He chuckled. “Something like that, yes. Do you have any idea how long it has taken me to track you down?”
I shook my head. Not long enough as far as I was concerned…
He chuckled. You’ve certainly been leading us a merry dance. We’ve been going to water sports centres all over the country looking for you. Every white-water run from Land’s End to John O’Groats!”
My jaw dropped. How on earth had he known?
He grinned at me. I have quite a network of very gifted young people like you. That was how we eventually found you. We’ve been looking for you since you disappeared off the map.” A flicker of annoyance crossed his face but he fought to remain in control of his emotions. I nodded my acknowledgement, not wishing to anger him in any way. “Some mind-readers are more gifted than others. They can see beneath the shields you put up against less gifted people like me – of course we couldn’t have known that you were simply imagining the white-water run at Jack Milestone’s centre. The vision you have of it is so well detailed we thought it already existed.”
I was shell-shocked. Someone really could read my mind. Therefore, they would know exactly how I felt about Sophie and that in turn put her and all of her family in danger. Shit!
DC was smiling evilly at me again, “We need more people like you in the firm, Cody.”
The firm? Well that sounded about right. It was like something from a mafia movie…
I couldn’t deny that part of me was intrigued. I wasn’t about to sign up to be part of his organisation – of course I wasn’t but I couldn’t deny that I was really curious about what it was they were doing. Why did they need more people like me? What the hell were they up to? I closed my eyes and a vision of Sophie flashed before me. That shook me to my very core. I had to get back to her…
I looked up at DC. There was absolutely no way I was going to accept his offer and if he had one of his mind readers in the room, I’ve no doubt they already knew it, however, I was going to blag my way through right to the end… I smiled confidently, “I’ll, um – I’ll think about it then,” I lied, “If it’s a job offer, I’m guessing I have the right to turn it down?”
His smile became a little fixed. “Of course,” he said stiffly. 
Yeah right. Like I would ever get out of there alive if I didn’t agree…
I was dismissed and allowed back to my room.

*

I sat back on my bed and tried to work out what to do.
I could sit tight and wait to see if my brothers would come looking for me, which wasn’t really the option I wanted to take. I’d gotten my family into enough trouble with my stupidity the year before. No. That really wasn’t the way to go. I needed to escape – and the only way I was going to be able to do that, was to manipulate the woman’s mind on the desk out there.
The only trouble was, DC was quite aware of my abilities and he was no doubt keeping tabs on me somehow. I was probably on camera right now. I glanced around the room. Ah, yes – there it was. The old eye in the sky – great. So, he’d probably seen me make the woman move her computer earlier. Strike one to him. I could have kicked myself for being so impulsive now...
I picked up the remote control for the TV. I had to do something while I planned my escape and the PlayStation at least gave me something to do with my time as I worked it out.


Chapter 31 – Not fooling anyone…

Cody

“Get up.”
I looked up and frowned convincingly. “What?” I asked innocently. 
The woman from the desk was stood in the doorway. “You must need another bathroom break by now.”
I made a show of putting the controller down and stood up. “Fine,” I said. Right. Now it was time to see how easily manipulated this woman was. 
She led the way down the hall. I could quite easily see the door that led to the bathroom but I needed to see if I could block her memory for that one. Would she know where another bathroom was? I concentrated my mind. I could have laughed out loud when we passed the nearest door to the bathrooms. I smirked inwardly, but tried to keep my face as passive as possible.
She walked right the way down to the end of the hall. There was a staircase, excellent, but where would it lead to? It didn’t much matter. It was a way out of this floor. I wanted her to open the door. 
She reached the door and turned the handle. It wouldn’t budge. She frowned and then fished around her person for the keys.
Taking them out, she unlocked the door and turned back to me. “Don’t be long,” she snapped, “the bathroom is at the end of that corridor. You have five minutes and then I want you back here, understand?”
I nodded and smiled. “Sure.” I agreed.
I stepped through the door. That had been ridiculously easy.
I ran down the hall to the bathroom. I couldn’t deny I did need to go but once I’d done in there, I decided a little snooping around wouldn’t go amiss. I was wandering along the corridor looking for the next set of stairs when a few things happened at once.
Firstly, I noticed that the floor below the one we were on was completely void of furnishings. It was quite clearly disused. I frowned. What the hell was going on here?
Secondly, I’d lost concentration with my inquisitiveness and my mind manipulations had obviously worn off. The woman must have realised what I was up to, because I was suddenly surrounded by DC’s heavies, and these guys were heavies with a difference. They were all like me… That wasn’t good.
I glanced around and swallowed nervously. Apart from my misdemeanours of the previous year, I’d never considered using my abilities for anything bad. Okay, I’ll admit, stealing stuff from warehouses wasn’t what you could ever call good – but I’d never hurt anyone…
I felt ashamed of myself for that thought. It hurt the warehouse owners when they came in the next morning to find no stock left. On reflection, I was every bit as bad as these low-life’s…
I was about to find out just how bad they were. A tall man with blonde hair and a goatee beard stepped forward. He shook his head and looked at me sternly. “Not a good idea, Cody.” He said.
I swallowed convulsively but tried to look as confident as possible. I grinned. “What?”
“Sadie knows what you did – and she blew the whistle on you, sunshine.” He replied. The guy next to him stood alongside him. He had something in his hand and on closer inspection I realised it was a ball of fire. Oh, holy shit, I was toast…
There was no way I was going to be able to manipulate my way out of this one. I was no ice-man. I was just gonna have to go for good old-fashioned running.
I shook my head, “I don’t want any trouble.” I said. “I just can’t stand being cooped up. I’m claustrophobic.”
DC stepped forward from behind the others. “Quite understandable, Cody. Now, have you made any firm decisions?”
Keeping my eye on the guy with the fire in his hands I nodded. Concentrating as hard as I could on keeping my guard up against his mind-probing, which I could actually physically feel – it was like a pressure on my brain and it was the weirdest feeling, “I’m in.” I lied.
He beamed at me. I stared back at him. Could he really not tell I was lying to his face? Well, let’s hope so…. “Excellent choice, son. Come on then. Back up the stairs, everyone – and no more games, Mr Conner.”
I nodded. Relief coursing through me that I’d managed to stay alive – at least for now.

*

It was no surprise to find that my ‘friend’ Sadie had been relieved of guard duty. In her place, much to my dismay, was the fire-throwing guy. Well, that was just great. How was I ever gonna get past him?
I decided to start small. Maybe if I could get him to stand up, or to scratch his nose…
I picked up the controller and pretended to get engrossed in my game again. I knew I was being watched through the camera on the wall, so I had to really make this convincing. I played for real for a few minutes and then I started to concentrate on my real task.
I imagined the fire-thrower scratching his nose. I glanced outside. He lifted his hand and rubbed the end of his nose. I almost laughed out loud. Hadn’t any of these monkeys been warned against me? Obviously not and that was so cool.
I then imagined him scratching his head. He did that too.
What if I imagined him setting fire to his own trousers? Ah, maybe not... It could start a fire for real. Okay, what then? I grinned inwardly as a number of scenarios crossed my mind – none of them usable if I wanted to remain undetected.
I must have been concentrating hard on my manipulating tasks and dropping my own shield guards because a moment later, Dakota was in my head.
Dude, how’s it going?
I actually jumped. I was so shocked to hear his voice, Holy shit! Get out of my head, Dakota! You’ll get us into trouble!
You’re already in trouble, dude. What can we do for you?
Nothing. Just look after Sophie for me. I can tell her anything you need to know but DC will be able to track anything we say, I’m damned sure of that.
What’s he done?
Nothing, yet. I’ll keep you posted.
I hoped with all my heart that DC hadn’t been keeping tabs on my mind at that particularly moment, but I had no idea, really. I’d been too shocked to hear from my brother to notice his weird probing.
I wondered if the fire-thrower could be manipulated enough to unlock my door. Well, there was only one way to find out. I concentrated again.
Holy shit! He was actually doing it. This was becoming absolutely unbelievable.
I didn’t show any emotion whatsoever. I just went back to playing my game. With any luck I’d get my chance later on to make a break for it. I knew exactly where I was going to go. I just had to make it to the stairs, get on the floor below me and then find the nearest fire escape…
I wondered if my fire-throwing friend would like a coffee. I guessed he wouldn’t mind. He’d been sat out there for the last couple of hours…
He got up and wandered away. Well this was the moment if ever there was one. It was now or never. I had to make my move pretty damned smart-ish – or stay and join the firm…
I got up.
My hands were sweating and my heart was pumping loudly in my ears. I was absolutely shitting bricks at the thought of what I was about to do. If they caught me trying to escape a second time, I doubt DC would have the patience to rescue me again – even if he really did like my gift. Being dead was probably just as good for him – at least I wouldn’t be able to join the good guys and bring him to justice later on…
I knew that as soon as I got to the door they’d be onto me – that damned camera… Oh, wait a minute – could I actually manipulate that too? Well, let’s test that theory. I concentrated on it and to my surprise and delight, it turned away from the door.
Okay, so that was weird but it gave me a slight chance. If I was lucky, whoever was monitoring my room wasn’t going to be looking all of the time. I bolted for the door, opened it and started running down the hall.
I was doing pretty well. I made it to the door at the end of the corridor and imagined the lock opening. I heard the click and grabbed the handle. I could have cried with relief. I’d thought the camera was a one off. It didn’t occur to me at that moment that I was actually manipulating inanimate objects and I could have blocked the way of the others by locking the door behind me in the same way. Something that could have been really useful. The benefit of hindsight and all that…
I heard a shout from behind and almost crapped myself. Shit! They were definitely gonna kill me now. I took the stairs two at a time and jumped the last about six when I heard footsteps thundering behind me. I took off at a run again. I couldn’t see any sort of fire escape in my blind panic. There was no way out – they were going to catch me and torture me. That fire guy was evil. I’d seen the look of disappointment on his face when DC stopped him the first time. Well, I wasn’t going to beg for my life and I wasn’t going to stand there and take their shit, either. If this was my time – it was my time. I’d die on my own terms, thanks – not theirs.
I started running determinedly towards the windows. They were those massive sheets of glass that went right down to the floor. I could make one of those shatter, no trouble. Concentrating hard on the glass breaking and running full speed towards it – an image of Sophie somehow popped into my head. “I love you Sophie,” I shouted to her in my mind, “Always know that I love you.”
The glass exploded in front of me. There was nothing else for it. Glancing over my shoulder, I saw that fire guy was throwing the biggest ball of fire towards me. I turned back and jumped straight out of the window…


Chapter 32 – Plan of attack…

Sophie

We were all sat around wondering what the hell to do. An idea was formulating itself in my mind – of course none of us were able to go walking into Harlow Street because we’d shine like a beacon to them, being the same. Who else did I trust, though? Well, obviously Faron – but could he do anything?
Maybe if he had help…
I got up. Dana looked at me enquiringly, “What’s up?”
I shook my head, “Nothing.” I said, “I just can’t stand feeling so helpless. I’m gonna call Faron – I was supposed to go around. He’ll be wondering…”
Dakota scowled at me, “Faron?” he asked.
I nodded, “Sure,” I said, “he’s my best friend…”
Dakota stood up, his indignation growing, “And Cody’s your…” he broke off as Dana touched his arm and gave him a warning look.
He looked back at me, his scowl diminishing – that was the touch of your kindred spirit at work I guessed. I nodded, “I know what Cody is to me but I still need to speak to Faron. You do things your way – I do things mine – trust me, I’m not going to do anything to hurt my kindred spirit.” It was the first time I’d ever really acknowledged what Cody meant to me and it made my heart spike. I went hot all over and I’m sure my face was bright red.
Dakota smiled. “I know you won’t,” he said softly, “Not now that you’ve said it.”
Dana smiled too, her eyes shining with the love she felt for Dakota.
All the love in the room was threatening to overwhelm me since my kindred spirit’s life was currently in danger. I had to do something for him. Sitting around here just waiting to hear from him was absolutely killing me.
I went into the kitchen. No one was around. Cody’s parents were worrying themselves silly in the lounge. I could hear his father’s deep voice speaking to someone on the phone. I’d guess at it being Genesis.
Ethan was nowhere around, either. I had no idea where he was – probably in his room. He wasn’t really one for hanging out with us and I didn’t blame him really. It couldn’t be easy for him knowing that his two brothers had met the loves of their lives and he hadn’t a hope in hell of finding his….
I called Faron. He answered after a couple of rings, “Hey Sophie,” he said, “I thought you were coming over.”
“Yeah, I’m sorry about that. I can’t – something’s happened…”
“Is everything alright?” I swear sometimes Faron has his very own gift of Extra Sensory Perception.
“Not really… Um, Faron?”
“Yeah?”
I’d been thinking a lot about how I could get to Harlow Street undetected and I’d been coming up with a big fat zero no matter what scenario I imagined – but then Faron popped into my head and it occurred to me that maybe he could go down there – not alone of course – he’d need backup… “I really need your help. Cody was in trouble with some bad people before he came here and they’ve kind of caught up with him and kidnapped him…”
“You what?” he shrieked down the phone, “Are you freaking kidding me?”
I sighed. I kind of knew he’d react like this. “No, I’m really not kidding, Faron. This is really serious.”
“Okay. I’m listening,” he said weakly.
I took a deep breath. I was fairly certain the answer would be no – and I didn’t blame him one bit. “I need you to go on a little expedition for me. You’ll need to take someone with you. And Faron – make sure it’s someone who can watch your back, because he’s going to have to able to look after himself… and you.”
“Okay.” He agreed breathlessly, “Where have I got to go?”
“You need to go down to Harlow Street…”
“Harlow Street? Holy shit…” I could hear him breathing. Finally, he spoke again, “What the hell are you getting me into?”
I took a deep breath and closed my eyes, “I wouldn’t ask if it wasn’t really important, Faron.”
He sighed, “I know you wouldn’t.” he said, “I’ll do it. I’ll see you later tonight, okay?”
“I’ll be around later.” I promised. 

*

I wandered back into the den and flung myself down in the chair. Dana and Dakota didn’t even seem to notice me. I sat staring at the TV screen, not really taking anything in. I sat through three different programs just staring at the screen, my mind racing and wondering what I could do to save Cody. Suddenly his voice burst straight into my head, as loud as if he was right next to me.
I love you, Sophie! Always know that I love you.
I sat bolt upright. Oh my God! He was gonna die!
Jumping up I stared at Dana and Dakota, “He’s in real trouble.” I gasped, as I found myself seeing exactly what he was seeing, “Shit!” I exclaimed, “He’s just jumped out of the freaking window!”
The last thing I saw was Dana and Dakota staring at me in horror. There was nothing else for it. I had to save him. I dematerialised.


Chapter 33 – A Favour…

Faron

I’d just had the most garbled message from Sophie and if she was just a regular girl, I wouldn’t have taken much notice – but Sophie is anything but ordinary and I was immediately galvanised into action.
I picked up my mobile and called the first person that came into my head. Jared…
I could have called Dean – sure I could. He was, after all, still supposed to be my boyfriend but things really weren’t great between us and he still hadn’t come out to his parents, which was making things really awkward. I had to be totally on my guard around his family to make sure they had no idea we were anything other than just mates.
It was totally different to being with Jared. I could totally be myself with him and I knew I could tell him anything.
Plus, Jared’s parents had no qualms about me being gay. They’d known about me for years – ever since we started hanging around together all of the time. I’d guess at us being around fourteen. I was already out. I knew exactly what I was and I’d confided in my parents – neither of who were horrified, or even surprised.
Jared and I had known each other before then of course – we’d met at twelve when we both started at Highfields Academy and I’d always thought he was really good-looking. I guess I’d fancied him from the word go…
He was tanned and dark-haired – in total contrast to me. I was kind of skinny. I’s got blonde hair that kind of just sat on my head doing nothing at all and pale skin – well, okay it wasn’t not that pale and I did at least tan in the summer rather than going red, but still… I was nothing special to look at, that was for damn sure and I couldn’t begin to imagine how I could ever look as magnificent as Jared – never mind be attractive to him.
Jared had always been a real chick-magnet. He was muscular and tall and really good-looking – he was even better now than he was then. He just seemed to get more and more handsome with each passing year – and it was becoming more and more difficult to hide the fact that I was totally in love with him.
It was a game of football that we really bonded over for whatever reason – and we’d kind of become inseparable over the years. I couldn’t deny it – I’d been totally checking him out all through the game, truth be known, and I really wasn’t concentrating on the game at all. All of a sudden, the ball came flying towards me and the next thing I knew, he was running towards me, screaming my name.
It totally knocked me out of my daydreaming and I managed to get my head back in the game to work with him all the way down the pitch. As skinny as I was, I was fast and pretty good at football – between the two of us, we managed to pass the ball all the way down the pitch and Jared ended our little performance by scoring the winning goal of the match.
I was rewarded with him jumping all over me and hugging me really close, which was, like, totally thrilling.
It was after that game we shared the kiss... We’d got dressed and, no doubt still all euphoric about the game and my help in his winning goal, he asked me if I’d come back to his house.
It was totally Jared’s idea to nick his Dad’s cider and take it to the park. We bought chips and drank a couple of cans each and oh my God. Was I ill? I’ve never touched the stuff since. It was no fun puking up apples I’d never ate, let me tell you – no matter how much fun I’d had drinking it in the first place…
Anyway, Jared was all pumped up over the match and was recounting every moment.
“…And you were brilliant!” he crowed, punching my arm, his beautiful, dark eyes dancing as he grinned at me, “I had no idea you could run so fast – you were amazing, Faron.”
I grinned back at him and laughed. Everything was funnier with a couple of cans swilling around inside and making my head feel funny. I nodded and leaned over to punch his arm back.
I missed completely and ended up losing my balance. I fell onto him and tried to scramble up again, mortally embarrassed to be lying across his chest. It felt so good, but I really didn’t need anything to start stirring in my jeans. He’d be seriously freaked out if he knew I fancied him and there was nothing worse than having a hard-on you didn’t order…
He stared up at me and I kind of got caught up in his gaze. His eyes were so beautiful – all dark green and gorgeous. I stared back at him. The desire to kiss him was too much for me to handle. Throwing all caution to the wind, I lowered my face. If he was going to hit me, so be it. I’d had a skin-full, it gave me false bravado.
Before I could even begin to think about the consequences of my actions, our lips had met and to my utter delight, he was kissing me back – just as enthusiastically.
Finally, we broke apart and I stared down at him, breathing hard and wondering what he was going to say…
Jared sat up; he didn’t look at me and almost as if that hadn’t just happened he ran his hand through his hair and stood up, “Shall we start making tracks?” He said. He wouldn’t look me in the eye and I felt too embarrassed by what I’d just done to ask him how he felt about it.
I just followed his lead and nodded, trying to go for nonchalance, “Uh, yeah,” I agreed, “I guess it is getting a bit late…”
And that was it, never to be mentioned again – and certainly never to be repeated. At least he was still my best mate, though. Funnily enough, that never changed.
His mobile rang three times and then he answered. “Yo, dude,” came his wonderfully deep and sexy voice, “Whassup?”
“I need your help,” I said, “Tonight.”
“Why? What’s happened?” He instantly sounded concerned.
“I think Sophie might be in some kind of trouble.” I replied. There was really no other way to explain what she’d told me.
There was silence at his end for a moment. “Well, what do you need me for, then? Hanging around and cramping your style around her?” He sounded… jealous. That was weird.
“Cramping my style? Dude, she’s totally loved up with Cody Conner if you hadn’t noticed – and I’m as gay as they come, in case you’d forgotten.”
“No, I hadn’t forgotten,” he sighed. “Where are you?”
“Well, I’m still at home at the moment,” I said, “but I think she mentioned Harlow Street.”
“Harlow Street?” he sounded really surprised. “That’s, like, miles away, Faron and it’s really dodgy – it’s no place for someone like you.”
I sighed. I should have felt more insulted that my best mate thought I was a wuss – but the truth was that I was a bit of a wuss really and even with him coming along with me, I was shitting myself at the thought. And of course, I knew it was dodgy and no place for either of us. That was why I wasn’t exactly comfortable to go alone, “I know that,” I agreed, “but would you come with me? I kind of have no one else to turn to – and I really don’t want to go alone.”
“You’re definitely not going on your own,” he said flatly, “But what about Dean?” He sounded jealous again, “Why isn’t he going with you?”
“He doesn’t know anything about this. I already told you that Dean and I are pretty much over.” I said. It was true. I’d had enough of the sneaking around. It was unhealthy and I was getting bored with his excuses for not coming out. If he didn’t want to – that was his business but I couldn’t live with it any longer.
“Give me five minutes.” He cut the call.


Chapter 34 – Confession time….

Jared

My heart was in my mouth. Were Faron and Dean really more or less finished? Well, maybe they were. He hadn’t even thought about calling him. I’d been his first choice – that had to mean something.
I thought he’d just been sounding off the other night but obviously it wasn’t just talk. Well, that was music to my ears. I’d told my parents a few days ago that I’d been confused about my sexuality. That was entirely for their benefit, of course – I wasn’t confused about anything. I was in love with my best friend and I’d known it for years. What had really made me sit up and take notice, though, was when he’d started going out with someone else. I kind of hadn’t seen that coming and I was crushed. I realised that I couldn’t continue pretending to like girls to fit in with the rest of my mates on the football team when my heart had really only ever belonged to one person. I could only hope that he still had feelings for me.
There had been that kiss on the park that one time… but, hell it had been such a long time ago now. I’d kicked myself for not telling him how I really felt about him ever since. I should have just told him at the time – but I’d been scared. I had no idea what it all meant back then. I’d never fancied anyone before – male or female – and I thought there was something wrong with me for kissing him. Thank God for the internet. I’d looked all sorts of things up and found that actually I wasn’t really all that abnormal, after all...
I’d been going over all of this on my way to his house and now I was there. I rang the doorbell and waited.
He answered the door and I looked up at him, suppressing a sigh. Faron was so damned beautiful. He thought he was a skinny geek and constantly complained about it, too but to me he was just perfect. His hair always fell perfectly and I kind of liked his skinny frame. I’d never really been a big fan of big, muscular types. We stared at each other for a moment, “Alright?” I asked as he continued to just stare at me.
He nodded and smiled tentatively at me, “Thanks for coming.” He said finally.
I nodded and stepped inside. “What’s going on?” I asked.
He shook his head, “I don’t know, really,” he said with a shrug, “there’s something I have to tell you first, though – come on through.” He reached for my hand. I usually ignored it when he did that. I didn’t want anyone thinking we were anything more than just friends and I’d been fighting my feelings for him for so long… I’d never really come to terms with the fact that I fancied him more than I’d ever fancied any of the girls I’d dated. But right now, there was only the two of us around and I’d kind of had an epiphany over the last couple of days… I took his hand and followed him through the hall.
He pulled me into the kitchen and shut the door behind us. I fleetingly wondered if he was going to kiss me and my heart started to thump a little harder at the thought. “You can’t tell anyone about what I’m going to tell you.” He said earnestly.
I frowned. That didn’t much sound like he was about to kiss me. “Okay.”
“Promise?” His intense grey eyes burned into mine.
I couldn’t stop looking at him. “Promise,” I breathed.
Obviously deciding he could trust me, he nodded, “Sophie and Cody are kind of different.”
“Different?” I frowned in utter confusion. What the hell did he mean, different?
He nodded. “They can kind of disappear into thin air and they can talk to each other in their minds.”
I stared at him. Had he taken a knock to the head? Or worse, was he on drugs? Smiling nervously, I asked, “Dude, have you been on the cider again?”
He grinned at me and shook his head. “Well, you’ll see soon enough, I guess.” He said mysteriously. “Come on.”
He grabbed my hand again and I allowed him to, “Faron,” I said. I couldn’t hold in my news any longer. I just hoped he was ready to really hear what I’d got to say.
“What?” he glanced down and must have thought I was protesting at him holding my hand as he immediately dropped it and put his hands in his pockets, looking all awkward.
I took a deep breath, “I came out to my parents.” I looked at him, wondering what his reaction was going to be.
He stared at me for the longest time, his mouth was slightly open as he gazed at me. All sorts of emotions flickered across his face. Finally, he spoke. “But why? I mean, you’re not…”
I nodded. “I am,” I said, reaching for his hand again, “And I’ve known it ever since I first laid eyes on you.”
He swallowed hard. I could see his Adam’s apple move up and down as he did so. He nodded slightly. He clearly wasn’t sure how to react. He was nervous, but so was I. This was the moment I’d know if I had a chance with him… or if I’d blown it that day at the park… “What do you mean?” he whispered, his eyes searching mine, “since you first…?” He couldn’t finish. I took it as a good sign.
Here goes nothing… “I don’t know really,” I admitted, “I just felt a connection with you that I’d never felt with anyone else. I’d already got mates,” I rolled my eyes, “loads of them – but I’d never once fancied any of them.” I paused waiting for him to say something but he didn’t he just continued to look at me and I felt compelled to continue, “But then we all moved up to Highfields Academy and you moved in and… suddenly everything changed for me. I just wanted to be with you all of the time – and then you kissed me and I know I kissed you back but I didn’t know what to do with all the feelings that stirred up, so I tried to pretend it never happened, which was unforgivable of me…”
He didn’t say anything. He just nodded. I took a deep breath. This was it. If he didn’t want me at least I’d told him the way I felt, “…and I know it’s taken me a while, but I’ve finally realised what it all meant…” I took another deep breath, I felt sick with nerves. This was really hard. I shrugged helplessly, “I’m in love with you, Faron.”


Chapter 35 – At last!

Faron

I stared at him. This was unbelievable. It was everything I’d always hoped for... “You’re in love with me?” I asked stupidly.
He nodded. He looked vulnerable and scared, but he nodded. “Yes.” He said firmly, “and you know – it’s okay if you don’t feel the same. I know I shouldn’t expect anything…”
He didn’t get a chance to finish his sentence. I couldn’t let him think for a moment that I didn’t feel the same way. I took a step forward and stopped him with a kiss. I’d kissed Dean – and you know, it was okay – nice even but it was nothing compared to this. I could remember the kiss on the park like it was yesterday and I’d thought that was amazing – but this… well it was the best kiss ever…

*

After we’d kissed a little more – because, well, you know, once is never really enough, we finally started walking to where Sophie had told me to be. I don’t think she’d be mad with me for the slight delay. Sophie was a cool girl – she would completely understand. “So, what did your folks say when you came out?”
Jared grinned at me. “They said they’d been waiting for me to tell them. Said they knew as soon as they met you.”
“Me?” I asked shyly, smiling at him.
He nodded and rolled his eyes. “I wish they’d told me back then. It would have saved me so much angst, watching you going after Dean.”
I sighed and shook my head, “Dean was just a distraction. I’d only ever really wanted you.”
He nodded, grabbing my hand and squeezing it. “I know,” he said softly, “it was the same for me, too.”
We arrived at Harlow Street. “So, come on then – what’s really going on?” Jared asked.
I shrugged and scratched my head, “Cody’s disappeared – and not by choice. Sophie asked me to check this place out to see if there was anything we could see. If one of them comes down here, they’ll be detected too easily.”
“How many of these freaky people are there, then?” Jared asked scratching his head.
He had a point. I’d thought Sophie and her folks were a one off, “Good question,” I said, “all of Sophie’s family and all of Cody’s – obviously the guy that’s kidnapped him…”
“Kidnapped?” Jared stopped in his tracks, “Why the hell haven’t they called the police?”
I rolled my eyes, “Because this isn’t about normal people, Jared. Weren’t you listening to me?”
He scratched his head again, nervously and pulled a face at me. “Don’t hate me – but it’s all a bit much for me to take in. I think we should get out of here.”
I nodded. Of course, it was a lot to take in. I remembered when Sophie showed me what she could do. I was seriously freaked out too but I’d had a couple of years to get de-sensitised to the whole freakiness of it. “Fine,” I agreed, “well, I can’t see anything untoward around here – let’s go back to Sophie’s. She can show you, too.” I turned back towards town.
Jared nodded and started to walk after me. Catching up with me, he shocked me by grabbing my arm, “Wait a minute,” he hissed in my ear, “that car,” He pointed to one that was parked up opposite a high rise office block, “I saw that car outside of school the other day.”
I frowned, turning back around. All I wanted to do was get the hell out of there, “Which one?”
“The grey Mercedes,” he said. “Have you got your phone on you?”
“Of course,” I pulled it out of my jeans pocket.
“Take a picture of the number-plate.” Jared urged.
I snapped a couple of shots and also took a few pictures of the neighbouring buildings. Poor Cody was in one of them, somewhere, no doubt. It was getting later in the evening and a couple of people were starting to mill about. I certainly didn’t want us getting approached by drug-pusher or worse. “Okay, now I’m seriously freaking out. We need to get out of here – come on,” I grabbed his hand and we started to walk at a decent pace back towards home.
We hadn’t gone far when there was the most almighty crash. It was a sickening sound of splintering glass and a lot of shouting.
We turned and watched in horror as someone started falling from one of the highest floors in the tallest building on the block.
“Holy shit!” I yelled in horror. Whoever it was had absolutely no chance of survival. They were falling like a stone. Jared grabbed hold of me and gathered me into him, obviously trying to shield me from the horror.
We were bracing ourselves for seeing something that neither of us really wanted to, when out of nowhere, as we watched, someone jumped from out of thin air and caught the falling body.
I immediately knew what was happening. “Oh, my God!” I half breathed, half screamed, “It’s Sophie!” I broke into a run towards them.
“This can’t be happening,” Jared muttered as he followed me.
They seemed to hurtle together towards the floor and then almost as if she had her own personal parachute, they went up again and then floated back down to the ground. I was right. It was Sophie and the falling body was Cody. Well, of course she was going to save him. He was her soulmate – just like Jared was mine…


Chapter 36 – I’m your catcher…

Sophie

I didn’t even have to think. I just acted on instinct – and my instinct was to dematerialised right there. I’d have to apologise to Jared later – the poor guy looked completely freaked out by the whole thing.
I hadn’t the faintest idea how long I’d got once we landed, but it did know it could only be nanoseconds. I noticed everything at once. Faron and Jared running towards Cody who was falling towards the ground rapidly. People stood on the edge of the window where he’d fallen from and glass everywhere on the ground. This was going to be really messy. The glass hadn’t broken well and there was a good chance he’d be hurt. I had to move fast. Now I knew I could fly but not brilliantly and the extra weight of Cody really wasn’t gonna help. Still, I had to try. I saw him hurtling towards me; without any thought in my mind other than saving his life. I jumped. Catching him awkwardly in my arms, we both started to hurtle to the ground. The force of him hitting me at speed was enough to knock the wind out of me, but somehow, by some miracle, I managed to grab a hold and I concentrated. I needed a major power boost; concentrating even harder, I imagined us floating upwards – thankfully it was enough; we went back up slightly and I just about managed to control the landing. Seconds later Faron appeared at my side. “Sophie!” he called. Jared was just behind him.
I lay Cody down on the floor with Faron’s help. I was going to have to get him out of there pretty quickly. He was bleeding badly from a deep cut at the top of his arm – so he’d caught himself on the glass again. It seemed to be a bad habit of his – and any second now his captors were going to be in pursuit. They had to have seen me. “Shit – what am I gonna do with you?”
His eyes flickered open. “Sophie?” he looked completely bewildered that I was there.
I smiled at him and bent to kiss his forehead. I was shaking from the adrenaline rush I’d just had from my dramatic rescue. My heart was thumping loudly in my chest and I was breathing really hard, “Shh,” I gasped, “You’re pretty badly hurt. Should I get you to a hospital? Is that allowed?”
He shook his head, “Fabe,” He whispered.
“You’re brother? But I don’t know him.” I was beginning to panic as his colour started to fade. “Cody, don’t you dare die on me.” I hissed.
“…dropped my guard… See him.”
He passed out.
“Well, isn’t this just freaking great?” I threw my hands up and stared at Faron. It occurred to me that he and Jared must have made up after their argument, but now wasn’t the time to dwell. “I’ve really gotta go,” I said, “I’ll come over and see you when I can.”
Faron nodded. I noticed he was holding Jared’s hand tightly. A feeling of happiness flooded through me. They were together?
I looked down at Cody. I’d never tried reading his mind before – and unconscious? Jeez, this was turning out to be one hell of a day... I had to be quick, though. Time really was of the essence.
I concentrated. I saw a young man that looked a lot like Cody – only kind of more perfect, somehow. Not better, just male-model like. He was far too pretty for me, but I’d got what I wanted anyway. I just wanted Cody forever and if I didn’t find this Fabien guy, he wasn’t going to make it.
I closed my eyes and trying not to think how much I must be freaking Jared out, I dematerialised, concentrating hard on the face in Cody’s mind.
We landed outside a small suburban home. It was very pretty with neatly kept borders and a sign in the front garden, ‘Conner Veterinary Practice.’ I breathed a sigh of relief. I had to be in the right place because I could remember Cody telling me his brother Fabien was a vet.
An exceedingly good-looking guy appeared at the door, a worried frown on his face, “Sophie?” he called.
I nodded, trying my best to keep Cody upright in my arms. Every muscle in my body was screaming for mercy. I’d been carrying him around now for what felt like ages, even though it was probably less than a couple of minutes but Cody was a big guy and I really wasn’t what you could call a big girl!
Thankfully, Fabien was every bit as muscular and strong as his little brother and he took him off me instantly.
“What happened to him?” he asked urgently as he made his way back across the garden to the front door.
“I don’t know, really,” I said a little panicky, as I followed after him, “it looked like he jumped through a window. I got there in time and caught him before he hit the floor, but he’s losing a lot of blood from that cut on his arm.” I gasped as I saw his clothing, it was covered in dark, sticky blood now, “He wouldn’t let me take him to hospital,” I said rapidly as I marched alongside Fabien who was rushing him into the house, “he told me to come here.” I was most definitely panicking now, my voice had gone very shrill and I was beginning to hyperventilate.
Fabien nodded, running ahead of me, “Ffion?” he shouted as he kicked a door on his left open with his foot.
A pretty redheaded woman appeared, “Oh, my God! Cody?” She started to help Fabien immediately.
I hovered by the door, I didn’t know these people and I’d brought his brother to him close to death. What on earth must they think of me?
Fabien looked up and pierced me with his eyes – so very much like Cody’s. “I’m very grateful to you, Sophie. Everything will be fine – would you like to help me?”
I nodded, smiling shyly.
“Okay, come on in and we’ll get him fixed up in no time.”
I edged into the room. I was a little surprised that he hadn’t taken me into his surgery. This was their lounge?
Fabien chuckled. “Wow,” he said, “don’t you have any shields?” he asked.
“Shields?” I looked at him, completely bemused.
He shrugged, “Barriers, shields – call them what you will, but your thoughts just keep on pinging straight into my head!”
I blushed. “Oh, God,” I said, mortified that I was doing it again, “I’m so sorry – I had no idea they could do that!” I said, “We thought it was just me and Cody.”
He nodded thoughtfully, “It probably is when he’s conscious – he’ll be shielding the both of you. That’s worth knowing…”
“I’ll keep working on it,” I promised, “Cody only told me about them a few weeks ago, it’s never been a problem before. There was only my family around these parts…” A few weeks... Had I really only known him such a short period of time? It was as if we belonged together.
Fabien was nodding his agreement. Obviously, my shields were working as well as ever... “I know just what you mean.” He said, flashing a beaming smile at Ffion, “We met and just instantly connected.”
She smiled at me from where she was sat. “I was a little shocked when he told me we belonged together. It was like, hell yeah – my very own Superman…”
“Did you know you were special too?” I asked shyly.
She shook her head. “I had no idea; both of my parents were killed in a freak accident when I was three. I’d been taken in by my mother’s cousin – she’s just human and had no idea that people like us existed.”
I nodded, “Does she know now?”
Ffion shook her head. “No. I don’t want to freak them out – or put them in any unnecessary danger, either.What they don’t know can’t hurt them, right?”
I nodded. I glanced back at Cody and was surprised and rather relieved to see that his brother had stemmed the flow of blood. Fabien was now sat with his hand over the wound with his eyes closed. He took his hand away after a moment and my jaw dropped. The gash that had been there only moments before was gone completely. A very fine white line was all that was left.
“Wow,” I murmured, “You really are gifted.”
“And you’re not?” Fabien raised an eyebrow with a small grin, “What did you just say you did?”
I blushed, “Um, well I kind of saw what was happening. I dematerialised and kind of jumped…”
Fabien was nodding; looking rather impressed, “Yeah, that took some guts, little Sophie.” He grinned at me. 
“Cody will be fine in a few minutes,” said Ffion, she leaned over to me and patted my arm, “He’ll be waking up, round about… now.”
“Sophie?” Cody croaked.
“I’m right here.” I squeezed his hand.
“How did you…?” He was gazing at me with such a tender look of love that I wanted to cry.
“But, don’t you remember?” I asked softly, not even bothered that his brother and his wife were right there, listening.
“Remember what?” He looked at me puzzled.
“I’m your catcher, remember?” I smiled at him a little shyly, “I jumped and something inside me just knew that I was going to be able to fly up to you and catch you. We did hurtle to the ground a little, but I managed to find the brakes just in time.” I giggled.
He lifted his hand and stroked my cheek, “You are amazing.” He murmured.
“You’re pretty damned amazing yourself.” I said and leaned in to kiss him. “But, please don’t do that to me again,” I murmured, “I almost didn’t make it in time.”
He grinned up at me, the colour returning to normal in his cheeks, “Would you have missed me, then?” he teased.
I nodded. “I really would. I totally get it now. You and me – and the whole kindred spirit thing. I love you so much Cody.”
He grinned up at me, “And I love you so much, too – always will. That’s a given.”
He turned around to Fabien. “Thanks for fixing me.” He said.
Fabien smiled serenely, “Anytime dude.” He said. “Hey, would you two like a kitten each?”
Ffion chuckled and shook her head. “No one wants the kittens Fabe.” She said.
He grinned. “Well, you keep saying that,” he said, “but you don’t know my brother.” He stood up, “Come on. I’ll show you them.”
Cody got to his feet a little gingerly. I took his hand in mine and we followed Fabien into the kitchen.
There, in a basket, all curled up together, fast asleep, were five adorable little kittens, two were black and white, one was tortoiseshell, one was grey and one was all white with a black tail.
“Oh, they are so cute.” I cooed.
Cody knelt down in front of the basket. “I’ll have the two black and white ones.” He said.
“Done,” crowed Fabien, “Take them with you when you leave – and there are no returns. Once you’ve taken them, they’re yours – well, you can bring them back to be neutered but that’s my final offer.”
I bit my lip. I really loved cats and our cat died a couple of years ago. We hadn’t considered replacing him. Maybe it was time… “I don’t think my mother would be very happy with me for just turning up with one out of the blue but I’ll ask her. If she says I can have one – or even two, may I take the tortoiseshell?”
Fabien nodded. “Sure,” he said with a grin, “which other one would you like?”
I smiled, imagining what she would say if she were here, “I think Dana would be rather partial to the grey one.” I said.
“Brilliant!” crowed Ffion, clapping her hands in glee, “that leaves me with Inkwell!”
I looked at her puzzled, “Inkwell?”
She laughed, “Sure, look at him – he looks like he stuck his tail in the inkwell!”
I laughed too, “Oh, my God – he really does, doesn’t he?”
Cody grinned and put his arm around me. “Maybe we should make tracks home.” He said.
I nodded, “How do you want to travel?” I asked, suddenly exhausted by the night’s events.
He grimaced, clearly the thought of dematerialising again was doing nothing for him, “How far can you fly?”
I shrugged. “Dunno,” I said, “Shall we see how far we get and then change to my usual mode of transport if we can’t get the whole way?”
“Forget it,” Fabien shook his head firmly, “I’m driving you both home.”
We looked at each other in surprise. 
“It’s freezing out there.” He said. “Super flyer girl or not, you’ll get hyperthermia out there for any length of time dressed as you are,” he turned to Cody, “And you’ve lost too much blood to be doing anything other than relaxing for the next couple of days.”
Cody nodded and slung his arm around my shoulder, pulling him close into his side as he did so. “Yeah, you’re probably right. Thanks for patching me up.”
“Anytime,” Fabien grinned and patted his brother on the back, “By the way,” he added, his grin growing even broader, “We have good news – you’re gonna be an uncle.”
Cody’s eyes grew round and a huge grin spread across his face. “Seriously?” he said, “That’s fantastic!” he gathered Ffion in a bear hug and then he did the same to Fabien. “Wait till I tell the others!”
“Ahem, I believe that’s my job.” Fabien said with a grin. “Why do you think I’m driving you back?”
Cody nodded enthusiastically, “Have you told Genesis?” he asked.
Fabien nodded, his grin still stretched right across his face. I’d never seen anyone so delighted. “Uh-huh,” he said, “I spoke to him earlier – he’s totally stoked.”
“Cool! Mum will be totally unbearable, now – you know that, right?”
Ffion grimaced and nodded, “Yup,” she sighed, “We know. She’ll be worse than Aunty Mae.”
Fabien chuckled, “No one is worse than Aunty Mae,” he murmured.
I smirked. I was beginning to really like this family. They were even quirkier than my own.
Cody chuckled beside me. “Shields, Sophie.” He whispered.
I rolled my eyes. “I’m useless – I can’t do it.” I said, “Fabien could hear me while you were out of it.”
Cody’s jaw dropped, “Is that right?” he looked at his brother.
Fabien nodded, “Yeah, I think it would be a good idea for you two to practice blocking each other out a little – obviously make it light-hearted. We really don’t want anyone else to be able to get inside her head.”
Cody nodded, looking serious. “We will,” he said, “’Cause this thing with DC isn’t over,” he said darkly, “if anything, this is just the beginning.” 
I grabbed a hold of his hand in mine. It was a bit of death grip if I’m honest but I was so scared for him. I really didn’t want to let him out of my sight.
Fabien turned to me, his face was still very serious, but his eyes were twinkling merrily, “Seriously, Sophie, badass stuff aside – if you are my baby brother’s kindred-spirit, you will really have to get those guards up. Once we all tune into you – we’ll all be listening in to every thought, every conversation with Cody – everything.”
I gulped and stared at Cody, “Blimey!” I said.
Cody chuckled. “He’s pulling your leg. No one has the time to be that bothered – and it’s all second-hand stuff, anyway– unless I’m unconscious, it would seem.” He frowned a little, “But we will definitely work on it. I’d like to be able to tell you things without him listening in.”
Me too, I thought. Cody grinned.


Chapter 37 – Mrs Conner’s surprise

Sophie

Getting home in Fabien’s car was much easier than flying. I leaned against Cody all the way, not wanting him out of range at all.
“I’ll never be out of range.” He said. “I could hear everything you were thinking even when I was being held by DC’s heavies.”
Fabien glanced at us through the rear-view mirror. “How long before they follow you?”
Cody shook his head, “I dunno,” He said, “They know exactly where we live, where I work, who’s important in my life – we should probably get out of town – and we should take the Milestones’ with us.”
Fabien frowned. “You’re right,” he agreed, “For tonight though, I think we just need Genesis over.”
“Well, get him to come once we’re inside. You never know who’s listening in these days. The whole world seems to be crawling with freaky hybrids!”
“Fabien frowned. “Hmm, there are more of us than I ever realised. Still, I guess there’s no telling how many gorevans came in the first place.”
I glanced out of the window. It was starting to snow. I sighed, “Looks like we’ll have snow for Christmas.” I said.
“Looks like we might be building a snowman together,” Cody tightened his arm around my shoulder.
I nodded. “That sounds like fun.” I murmured. I thought about Faron and Jared and how they’d totally been up for helping me. “Do you think your mum and dad would mind if we took off?”
He grinned and raised an eyebrow, “What did you have in mind?”
“Faron.” I said. 
His smile faded a little; I guess he still didn’t really trust him around me, “Faron?”
I nodded. “He was there when you went through the window. He’d gone along to help in any way he could. He’s a good guy, Cody.”
Cody nodded. “Okay,” He agreed, “No problem. Let’s go.”
We explained where we were going to his parents, who were a little skittish at us being out of sight but we promised we’d dematerialise there and back.
We landed in Faron’s front garden. I kind of wanted to get further out of view but Cody was in no fit state. We crouched down behind the shrubs. Cody took a few deep breaths and was fine after a couple of moments. “Ready?” I asked.
“Ready.” He said, giving me a grin. “Come on.” He took my hand and we made our way to the back door.
I knocked. Faron appeared in seconds. “What took you so long?” he grinned. I grinned back. I’d only texted him a minute ago to tell him we were coming.
Chuckling, we all went through to his bedroom. Faron’s room was on the ground floor – it was actually a converted garage and it was really cool. Jared was there, playing on his games console. He looked up and grinned at us. “Hey, guys.” He said.
I sat down on Faron’s bed and Cody leaned up against the wall. He wasn’t, after all, all that familiar with these guys.
Jared glanced across at Faron and raised his eyebrows questioningly. I looked across at Faron, too. Would he have told Jared about us? I was guessing he’d have to after we disappeared before their eyes in Harlow Street.
Faron cleared his throat. “I, um. I might have let slip to Jared about your… gift.”
I nodded and glanced across at Jared. “I’m sorry if I freaked you out, Jared.” I smiled apologetically.
He grinned. “Are you kidding me?” he asked, “I’ve never seen anything so cool.” He said. 
Cody laughed. “Seriously? You should meet our families – we’re not the coolest.” He said.
Jared’s eyes widened.
Faron jumped up, “I’ll go and put the kettle on – I’ve a feeling you’ve got a lot to tell us.”


Chapter 38 – Ethan’s surprise

Cody

I’d never really had many mates. I’d always had my brothers, of course, which was really all that any of us needed when we were younger – and I guess, being the way we were, finding our kindred spirits gave us everything we needed for the future so it was never really an issue for us. But for Sophie, I could see that having Faron as a friend was really important to her and I was willing to make friends with them too – if they wanted me as a friend, that was. I felt a little bit like a bad penny – wherever I turned up I managed to cause distress and mayhem.
Whether that was true or not, it was kind of nice having other friends – people with different ideas and a different outlook on life than just those of the same family. Still, the one and only time I’d got friendly with other kids before coming here, was when I ended up in a gang – and my two closest mates ended up being killed in front of my eyes by having the backs of their heads blown off – which believe you me – was not the way you wanted to see someone die.
That was the one and only time I voluntarily dematerialised. It had never been something I was particularly good at and I was amazed I’d actually got home. I was a total emotional wreck when I got there and I couldn’t tell anyone what had happened. That was when I started with the sickness; somehow the association of dematerialisation and death is inextricable in my mind and I’m always really ill.

*

“Cody?”
I just stood there shaking with adrenaline and fear. My head was swimming with disorientation from dematerialising. I bent and spewed my guts up on the floor.
Mum rushed to my side, “Oh, my God!” she shrieked, “Ivan! Come help me!”
My dad came running from the kitchen, “What is it?” he saw the state I was in, “What’s happened?”
“Pete’s dead,” I choked out, “And Saul…”
Dad’s face said everything; he’d forbidden me to have anything more to do with them and I’d quite clearly ignored what he’d said, to know what had happened to them. “You went back there?” he asked incredulously.
I nodded, shamefaced. “I’m sorry, Dad.”
Mum turned to him, “I told you this would happen,” she said, wringing her hands, “I said I’d seen it. We have to leave. Cody and Dakota’s lives are in danger here. We move. Tomorrow. I already know where...”

*

“Cody?” 
I jumped and blinked. I’d been miles away in my own little world there for a moment. “Sorry,” I smiled at Sophie. She looked worried.
“Are you okay?” she stood up and came over to me, “You look worn out.”
I shrugged, “It’s been a long night.” I said with a small grin, “I should probably go home.”
Faron and Jared both stood up too, “I guess I should go too, Faron.” Jared said. He leaned in and gave him a kiss.
I glanced towards Sophie. She looked absolutely delighted. I grinned at her, “They make a good couple, don’t they?”
She nodded, “They really do. I’m so happy for them.”
I nodded, “Me too.” I said.
“Ready to make tracks?” She touched my hand and smiled up at me.
I nodded. She wrapped her arms around me and closed her eyes, “See you guys at school,” she said.
They broke apart, looking a little embarrassed at their prolonged kiss, “Uh, right.” Faron managed.
We dematerialised and landed back in the kitchen at my house to find that Genesis had arrived. He was quiet but his eyes were sparkling with excitement about something. I looked at him. Genesis was quite a lot older than me and I admired him greatly. He’d always been sensible and really intelligent. He totally put me to shame with my pathetic antics last year. Still, he didn’t seem to hold it against me. He smiled broadly as we appeared in the kitchen and gathered me into a bear hug – like the rest of us, Genesis was a big guy.
I smiled wanly back – dematerialisation was not something I would ever like, I was sure and being instantly half smothered to death by his enthusiastic hug was more than I could deal with.
“You’ve learned to control the sickness?” he grinned, slapping me on the back and almost knocking me sideways, “Well done – that couldn’t have been easy.”
“Well, kind of,” I grinned and shrugged, “I just grab a hold if I’m honest. Sophie does all the work!” I squeezed her hand.
She squeezed mine back and giggled self-consciously.
Genesis grinned at us both. “I’ve got some grizzly, but quite welcome news – for us at least.”
I frowned. Mum and Dad and the rest of the family, bar Dakota and Dana – he’d taken her home and was currently trying to allay her parents’ fears about where Sophie and I were, all appeared from the lounge.
 “You might want to sit down.” Mum said to Sophie and I, “You’ve had a tough enough night already.”
I nodded and pulled Sophie towards the kitchen table. I sat down and pulled her onto my lap. I didn’t want any sort of distance between us right now. Everyone else gathered around, either perched on chairs or leaning against the counters.
Genesis took a deep breath. “Well, after you made your rather dramatic exit, someone else turned up at Chaplin Towers – and he was a very nasty piece of work.”
I snapped my head around to look at him, “Who?” I asked. I didn’t think they got much worse than DC…
“Some guy who’s been on our radar for a few months. He goes by the name of Hellmann.” Genesis said, his face serious, “We’ve been watching him for a while. He seems to have some sort of connection to the university that I’m lecturing at – and if it’s possible, it would appear that his cover is drugs.”
“His cover?” I stared at Genesis with my mouth hanging open. Jeez, weren’t drugs bad enough? This was just unbelievable. What the hell was his real crime, then?
Genesis nodded, “I know. It sounds weird, right?”
Sophie’s hand was gripping mine tightly. “What happened to DC?” she asked quietly.
Genesis grimaced, “Well, that’s the good news – like I said, for us at least. He won’t be bothering our family again – and Hellmann doesn’t have any beef with us. Well, not yet, anyway.” He looked around at us all gravely, “So we’re not on his radar at all. As far as we’re concerned with DC and his posse, it’s all over.”
“He’s dead?” I asked. My heart was beginning to gallop. I swallowed hard, feeling as though I was going to throw up. I had to admit it was a relief to know that there was no one waiting in the wings to take us out at last, but he’d only been offering me to join forces with him a couple of hours ago. It was kind of hard to take in.
Genesis nodded gravely. “All of them are – you inadvertently alerted Hellmann as to where they were hiding with your escape. They knew he was in the building somewhere, but he had some sort of invisibility shield surrounding it. When you broke through the glass, you also broke through the shields he was projecting and bingo….”
I swallowed uncomfortably. Shit. I hadn’t even considered anything like that. I’d just concentrated on the window breaking… 
I didn’t want to think about what that meant. My gifts were increasing – that would be because I had Sophie now. I had just been trying to escape but hell, there were women in there, “Oh, God…” I suddenly felt really nauseous; it was my fault that all those people were dead…
Genesis got up and came around the table. He was in the forces and I knew he would know what had happened to them all. He put his hand on my shoulder, “I don’t want you to worry about any of this, Cody,” he said in his calm voice, “Put any feelings of guilt right out of your mind. They were all part of it, the women included – and they were planning to kill you,” he said firmly. “So, don’t you dare go blaming yourself simply for trying to escape. You certainly wouldn’t have still been with us if you hadn’t.”
I nodded. I wasn’t so sure about that. DC had said he wanted me to be part of the firm. I told Genesis everything he’d said.
He nodded thoughtfully. “Well, that’s a new angle. Maybe he and Hellmann were both after the same sort of thing, then…”
“And that was what?”
He shook his head, “I don’t know what the hell’s going on – but that uni is full to bursting with hybrid teenagers – and they’re going missing on an almost weekly basis. Hellman is definitely behind it… I hadn’t considered that DC was involved in something similar. DC has done so much small-time stuff… but maybe…” he trailed off, looking thoughtful.
Mum stood up. “Okay,” she said briskly, “this is all getting a little too intense – and it’s getting very late, too. Sophie’s parents will be frantic, wondering why she isn’t back yet.”
I held her a little closer into my side. I didn’t want her to go home tonight. I decided to get Mum to call her parents and ask if she could stay over.
Fabien cleared his throat, “Well, then,” he said, a ghost of a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth, “On a lighter note…”
“Oh, yeah,” I piped up, “the kittens.”
Fabien looked at me as if I was stupid and it occurred to me that maybe he was talking about something a little more important.
Mum stared at him. She’d clearly been extremely worried earlier and hadn’t been her usual all-seeing self. She gasped.
Fabien grinned and nodded. She hurried around the table to him and Ffion, “Oh, my goodness!” she cried, “Twins!”
Fabien and Ffion looked at each other open-mouthed, “Really?” Ffion said, looking a little shell-shocked, “Wow…”
I grinned at Sophie, who was looking at my mother in admiration, “It can get annoying, that.” I said.
Mum turned and pursed her lips at me. “You know, you’re not too big for a clip around the ear.” She said with a grin. Turning to focus on Ethan she smiled. “That reminds me, I have a little news for you, too.” She said mysteriously.
Ethan looked a little like a rabbit caught in headlights to have been singled out.
She was nodding with a big smile, “I’ve found him,” She said with a meaningful look, “His name is Kyle Jacobson.”
Genesis, who had been hugging Fabien to death with glee, did a double take. He stared at her, “You what?”
“Kyle Jacobson,” Mum nodded, “He has a twin sister, Kallie.”
“Oh, my God!” Genesis exclaimed, staring at his mother in disbelief, “You’re kidding me, right?”
Mum looked at him and shook her head. “No, that was my vision,” she said firmly, “I know I’m not wrong. It is, after all, my strongest gift.” She added a little defensively.
Genesis grinned and shook his head again, “That’s unbelievable!” he said with a laugh.
“What is?” We were all intrigued. No one more so than Ethan, who was leaning forward in his chair, all ears.
Genesis laughed and looked around at us all, “We can’t seem to stay out of trouble for more than two minutes between us.” At our blank looks he smiled, “We seem to have inadvertently stumbled upon a huge coincidence. Ethan’s soulmate or kindred spirit or whatever we’re supposed to call our significant other,” he rolled his eyes, “as crazy as it sounds, is Hellmann’s nephew.” We all looked at each other with raised eyebrows. “He and his sister are doing a lot of the drug running at the moment for him, whether willingly, or under duress, we can’t be sure at the moment, but seeing Hellmann’s handiwork at DC’s headquarters – they’re likely not going to argue with him.”
Ethan stared at Mum, “Are you quite sure your vision was right, Mum?” he looked slightly horrified at the thought.
She smiled. “I’m sure,” she nodded, “And everything will work out just fine. My vision was beautiful, Ethan. Regardless of his current situation, he’s a beautiful person – inside and out.”
Ethan breathed a sigh of relief and I didn’t blame him; she’d never given us a bum steer before…
“We just have to make sure Hellman doesn’t get wind of us before we rescue him and his sister from his evil clutches…” he said grimly.


Chapter 39 – Steady Boyfriend…

Sophie

What a night. I didn’t want to go home. I was too pumped up with adrenalin and dying to go looking for Ethan’s soulmate, Kyle and his sister, Kallie. They sounded like they were almost prisoners of this nutter, Hellmann and he seriously needed stopping before he destroyed innocent lives.
Cody glanced towards me, almost shyly, “You can stay over if you want. I’m sure Mum will be happy to allay any fears your parents may have of us sharing a bedroom,”
I nodded; feeling relieved. I really didn’t want to leave Cody tonight, “Where will I sleep, then?”
“You can sleep in the lounge. And don’t worry – I’ll be there too. We can both have a sleeping bag each.” He gave me a wolfish grin, “and I promise not to sneak into yours in the night too. Mum would know in an instant if I tried to step out of line anyway – you’ve seen what she’s like!” He rolled his eyes.
I laughed. “That sounds fantastic.” I said.
Cody’s mum called mine and explained as best as she could the events of the night.
I was quite surprised that Mum agreed to let me stay over, but she did and I was grateful. I guess she’d come to terms with how much Cody and I meant to each other…
“I’m surprised you still want to be here,” he said as we lay our sleeping bags out on the inflated mats to sleep on.
“What are you on about?” I asked incredulously.
“Well, I’m kind of trouble…”
I shook my head, “I don’t care.” I said, “I love you.”
He gathered me to him and brushed his lips softly against mine, “You don’t know how good it is to hear you say that – and I love you too, for always.” He stared down at me, his face full of emotion before his lips came crashing down on mine again and we clung to each other as we kissed. It was an intense moment. We’d almost lost each other tonight and it had focused our feelings for each other like nothing else could.
Finally, we pulled away from each other, I smiled up at him, “So how do we find these kids?” I asked.
Cody shrugged, “I guess we have to leave Genesis to do that,” he said, “he’s really got his work cut out over at that uni he’s working at. Funnily enough, it was where Ethan wanted to go. So maybe he still will and he can be undercover for Gen.”
My eyes widened, “But isn’t that a little dangerous for him?”
Cody smiled and nodded, “Danger does seem to be our middle name, doesn’t it?” he asked drily, “We attract it in one way or another, wherever we go.”
I grinned, “Am I trouble, then?”
Cody rolled his eyes, “Trouble? You? Hell, no – you’re like the yin to my yang! You’re my saviour.”
I grinned as I entwined my fingers through his and nodded, “And you’re mine.” I said.
“Although…”
I frowned and looked at him. “What?”
“That kid.” He was proper scowling now.
“What kid?” I asked incredulously; what the hell was he on about?
“You know,” he insisted, “The one that wanted to know your name – down at the centre the other week.” 
I nodded, tuning in, “Oh, right – him.”
Cody nodded, his scowl still firmly in place, “We’ve never found what it was that he wanted. What if he’s something to worry about?”
I grinned and shook my head, “You really need to relax.” I said.
He looked at me as if I was mad – and after the last few hours we’d just been through – I really couldn’t blame him. “Don’t worry, Cody,” I grinned and blushed at the absurdity of the situation, “He really was only asking out of self-interest.”
Cody raised an eyebrow and finally grinned back at me, “Oh, yeah?” he asked shuffling closer to me.
I nodded, feeling mortally embarrassed. “He caught up with me at school the other day and asked me to go out with him.”
“What did you say?” Cody was frowning at me. Maybe he was feeling a little threatened but there was seriously no need.
I smiled at him and shook my head, “I told him that I was really flattered that he’d asked but I’d already got a steady boyfriend.”
“Steady boyfriend?” his eyes lit up and he nodded, “That sounds kind of nice.” He grinned.
“I thought so.” I said with a smile, leaning my head against his shoulder, “I thought he’d think it was a bit weird if I said kindred spirit…”
Cody chuckled, “Yeah, you could be right.” He put his arms around me and pulled me really close, “There was a moment earlier when I thought I’d never see you again.” He said softly, his voice wobbling a little.
I nodded, “I know,” I whispered, “I felt it too.”
His arms tightened around me, “I never want to feel like that again.”
“You won’t.” I promised, “We’re never going to be separated again.”
He turned his head and kissed me, “Damn right we’re not,” he growled.


Chapter 40 – Telling Dad

Sophie

The next morning, we reluctantly surfaced early so I could get home before school.
I woke up first and glanced across towards Cody. He looked so peaceful. He was still asleep and it was the first time I’d really been able to study his face. He was breathtakingly beautiful. His eyelashes were black and fanned out perfectly. They were so long, too. His lips were full and I was dying to lean over and kiss him.
He must have sensed my scrutiny because he smiled, “Like what you see?” he murmured.
I rolled my eyes and tried to look annoyed but it was impossible. I burst out laughing instead, “You’re impossible.”
He opened one eye and grinned at me, “But you love me, anyway.”
I nodded, “I do,” I agreed and leaned over and kissed him.
Cody’s parents were happy for us to make our own way back to my house – since we were no longer under a cloud of danger they deemed it safe for us to walk.
We arrived home to a beaming Dad. “Sophie!” he gathered me in and gave me a hearty kiss on the cheek, “And Cody – just the guy!” he grinned at him.
Cody looked at him a little startled, “Morning, Jack,” he said nervously.
“Don’t look so worried,” Dad chuckled, “I’ve been dying to tell you this since yesterday afternoon.”
Cody’s interest was piqued, “Oh yeah?”
Dad nodded excitedly, “We got permission for the white-water run.”
A huge grin broke out over Cody’s face, “Really?”
Dad nodded, “That’s not all. We’ve also got permission for a snow dome on site and our idea for the motocross is going ahead too – it’s definitely going to put this place on the map!”
Cody glanced towards me, a look of alarm on his face, “Is that such a good idea?” he asked.
Dad looked at us both, “Why? Should we not?”
Cody sighed, “You’d better sit down, Jack,” he said, “We’ve got quite a lot to tell you about last night.”


Chapter 41 – Soul mates

Cody

Jack’s jaw dropped, “So what you’re saying is that your family help with enforcing law and order?”
I grinned. I was the first to admit it. I hardly looked the type… and I hadn’t exactly always seen things that way either. Nodding sheepishly, I glanced across at Sophie, “Yeah. I think I’ve given my parents enough grey hairs over the last year to last them a lifetime but I know what’s right and what’s wrong now – and I’ve found Sophie now too.”
Jack nodded, “Your soulmate.” He murmured.
I nodded. Sophie looked up at her dad in surprise, “You knew about soulmates – or kindred spirits or whatever you want to call them?”
He rolled his eyes, “Well of course I did,” he scoffed, “do you think I was born yesterday?” he looked at Sophie in exasperation, making me chuckle. “Why do you think I’ve been stopping you dating regular guys? None of them would be able to understand you properly – none of the local boys were ever going to be good enough, Sophie.”
“And Cody?” She glanced at me. I smiled back at her.
Jack grinned, “Cody’s just about perfect,” he said, “With him and his family around we’ll be a force to be reckoned with – and let’s face it, with five gifted guys to help us – that adventure park is going to be absolutely awesome in no time.”
I grinned, “I would love to help out. Working on what I love has always been my goal. I can’t think of anything I would rather do with my spare time.”
Sophie looked at me indignantly and Jack fell about laughing.


Chapter 42– The grand re-opening

Three months later

Sophie

“Whooah!” I watched Cody zip past my eyes at the speed of light as he weaved his way down the most complicated white-water run. We had three levels; beginner, intermediate and technical – of course he’d started with technical – the big show off! Jared and Faron chuckled at my side. “He’s too good at that for a beginner.” Faron commented, “You really should tell him to rein it in. No normal guy could even hope to be that accomplished!”
I laughed, “Tell me about it!” I said, “There’s no stopping him from showing off, though.”
Jared smiled, “Leave him alone, you guys. He’s just showing his girlfriend how sexy he is, that’s all.”
Faron raised an eyebrow, “Hey, that’s enough ogling other sexy men, thanks!”
Jared chuckled, “I’m all yours you great ninny. I thought you knew that.”
Faron grinned and nodded, “Likewise, dude.” He said and punched his shoulder affectionately. I sighed happily and linked my arms through both of theirs, “Doesn’t it look great.” I said as we gazed around. The outdoor centre had been almost completely transformed over the past couple of months. Cody’s dad was into construction and had taken on the contract. Of course, with us all being ‘gifted’ things came together much quicker and much more easily than through the usual channels. Not everyone has a son that could manipulate the elements for a start – so there was no waiting for better weather – Dakota just made it rain elsewhere and sorted out the drainage problems by thinking all the excess water to the right places…
The rest of Cody’s family were here today, too since it was the grand re-opening. Ethan and Dakota were over on the motocross track, beating everyone hands down as usual and Genesis and Fabien were being shown around the soon-to-be constructed snow dome that Dad and Ivan had designed (with a lot of help from Cody).
Dad was absolutely right about it putting us on the map – something we’d been a little concerned about to begin with. It hardly fit in with our ‘fly under the radar’ ethos but with the Conners around to sniff out any dodgy individuals we were pretty safe and of course with safety in numbers, we figured we kind of had the upper hand on the regular humans anyway.
I watched as Cody hauled himself out of the water and came jogging back over to me in his wet suit. His dark tangled hair dripping down his handsome face. “Hey you,” he grinned at me. Turning to Jared and Faron his grin widened, “Why aren’t you two having a go?”
Faron snorted, “Are you kidding me?” he asked, “do you know how much product he’s got in his hair?”
Jared stared at him in indignation, “You what? You bought it for me!”
I laughed. They were absolutely hilarious.
Cody grinned at me, “We’ve got plenty of wet suits for hire if you want to have a go – you can go down the beginner run. No one wants you to drown, you know?”
Faron nodded thoughtfully, “Maybe later,” he shrugged, “what about a go on the quad bikes?”
Jared agreed and they wandered off in that direction.
“I’d give you a hug but I’m a little wet at the moment,” Cody grinned at me, “Wanna come with me to get changed? Then we’d better go and help Gus in the tea rooms.”
I nodded, “Sure.” He took my hand in his. It was really cold from the water – since it was only March that wasn’t exactly surprising. “Oh, my God, Cody – your hands are freezing!”
He grinned wolfishly at me, “You can warm me up later,” he said with a wink.
I giggled. “The tea rooms are going to be stacked out soon,” I said checking the time on my phone, “it’s a good job they were expanded at the same time.”
Cody nodded, “Yeah, we could probably do with some more staff too. The three of us can cope with the drinks – but I think we could probably do with increasing the menu too.”
“You must have read my mind,” I smiled up at him. He looked at me questioningly. Reading my mind was hardly difficult for him but he didn’t seem to know what I’d been planning.
“Well, Faron might not look like a master chef but he’s doing really well in food-tech and he wants to go to college to study catering – maybe we could have him on the team.”
Cody nodded approvingly, “I’m not one to separate soulmates, though,” he said, “We’ll have to find something for Jared to do too.”
I smiled lovingly at him, “Soulmates,” I sighed, “They really are, aren’t they?”
We were walking across the grounds towards the tearooms and Jared and Faron weren’t all that far away at the quad bikes. It looked like Jared was getting suited and booted for a go and Faron was helping him get his safety helmet strapped on. “Faron adores him.” I sighed.
“And Jared adores him right back – just like I do, you.”
I smiled up at him and nodded, “Me too.”
We walked along hand in hand. His hands were now back to toasty warm and the familiar tingling I always got when we touched was back. “I wonder when Ethan’s gonna find Kyle.”
Cody shrugged, “Can’t be far off,” he said with a hopeful smile, “When Mum moved us here, I met you the very next day.”
“Wow,” I breathed, “I can’t wait.”
“Me either,” he grinned, “I’ve a feeling it’s gonna be another roller-coaster ride….”


The End


Thank you for reading White Water. If you enjoyed this book, I would be grateful if you could help others enjoy it too. Please help other readers find it by recommending it to your friends and/or discussion groups. Please tell other readers why you liked it by reviewing it. Your help is greatly appreciated.




Coming Soon


Phase 5


Chapter I – Kelsey Johnson 

Data held by GP Solutions:
Name: Kelsey Johnson (name before adoption Kelsey Hammersmith)
D.O.B. 25 February 1995
Natural Father: Jurd Kifilin (Changed to Hammersmith upon deflection from Phase 5 Program) Whereabouts unknown.
Natural mother: Stacey Pemberton, whereabouts unknown.

Five years ago I realised that I was not quite as human as I first appear. This realisation came slowly to me over a number of years.
It occurred to me that even though my brother Joshua often got colds and other childhood diseases; I did not. If I fell out of a tree I kind of bounced and got back up again, completely unhurt. Joshua broke an arm or a wrist or at least had bruises and cuts.
I never thought about it and neither did anyone else. That all ended when I got my hand trapped in the safe door – it was all Josh’s fault. We were messing around and he slammed it to as I was putting in Dad’s takings.
It wedged my hand at a bit of an angle. It would surely be broken if it was Josh’s hand trapped, and not mine.
I looked at Josh, frustration at his stupidity all over my face. “Now look what you’ve done. Come and open it again. I can’t move!”
The look of revulsion on his face that I wasn’t screaming in agony should have been my first clue that this was no accident.
What he did to me next, however, left me in no doubt.
He put all his body weight against the door until blood was running down my arm towards my elbow and dripping in a pool at my feet.
“What the hell are you doing?” I asked him, panic in my voice now; this wasn’t normal behaviour.
“There’s something about you that isn’t quite right.” He said, somewhat coldly. He stared at me.
I stared back, “Yeah, I’d call it multiple compound fractures,” I replied as calmly as I could; my mind was working over-time, wondering how he’d found out - and what he was thinking about me.
“And you still don’t feel any pain?” he asked, beginning to look more horrified at me than fascinated.
“It’s absolute agony, actually,” I gasped, fighting to remain conscious, “– your point?”
“You’re not screaming.” He said, his voice beginning to show that he was panicking now too.
“And you’re not bothered in the slightest,” I yelled, “– who’s worse?” I stared at him, my chest heaving; he suddenly seemed to realise what he was doing.
“Shit.” He muttered and pulled the door open again. His face was one of revulsion and shock – but I got the feeling it was aimed all inside at himself for what he’d just done, rather than the mess that was left of my hand… “Shit – Oh, God, what am I doing? I’m so sorry man….”
I pulled my mangled hand out and looked at the damage. I sucked in a breath – this was really going to take some explaining to Mum and Dad if they walked in now.
“Get me a tea-towel or something.” I said in a low voice; trying to block out the pain while I concentrated on trying to heal myself.
“We need to get you to A and E,” Josh said, his voice beginning to rise with panic at the mess he’d made of me.
“I think we both know that isn’t necessary.” I said. “and let’s face it – you’d be facing charges…” 
Josh glanced at my face; the look of self-loathing was still there. I grimaced at him. My hand was throbbing with pain. I’d managed to shut most of it out, but the healing process is somewhat more painful than the injury itself, as I can’t really block out the pain when I have to concentrate on the healing. “I think I need to lie down for a minute.” I said.
Josh nodded. He dived forward and caught me; then half supported, half dragged me up the stairs and into our shared bedroom.
I lay down on my bed and concentrated. I felt the bones snap back into place and fuse. I felt the nerves re-connect. I wriggled my fingers. Everything seemed to be in perfect order again.
I looked down. Apart from a little blood loss, and a slight dizzy feeling, I was fine.
Josh stared at me, a look of absolute wonder on his face now, “How do you do that?” he whispered.
I stared back at him. He was still talking to me and he still seemed to accept me as his brother – this was a good thing – I think. “Honestly?” I shook my head, “I have no idea.” I replied.
“Do you think that maybe you’re, you know, like, from…” he gazed out of the window towards the rapidly moving clouds and whispered, “…Out there?”
My gaze followed his; I shrugged. I had no idea and I didn’t much care anymore, truth be known. I’d wondered for years if I was some kind of super-human like Superman – dumped on this planet because I wasn’t quite as super as I should have been… “I don’t know where I’m from – like you I was dumped by my real parents and adopted. You’re my family as far as I’m concerned; you and Mum and Dad.”
Josh nodded emphatically, “Oh, God, yeah – me too, totally – and I really am sorry for hurting you. But Kel, we have to be careful – there are people that would lock you up for this – either that or want to do all sorts of experiments on you – or use you for their own gain.” He shuddered as he spoke, almost as if he was afraid for himself too.
I nodded. I knew he was right – that was why I had always tried to hide my gift – or curse, whichever way you chose to look at it. “Why did you do that to me?” I asked. Was he going to turn me over to these people?
Josh sighed and looked embarrassed. He looked at me, “I guess I just needed to see it with my own eyes – the healing process. I’ve wanted to ask you about it for a long time – but you always do this in secret.”
I stared at him; sometimes he was so obtuse. “Well, yeah,” I said pulling a face at him, “– because it’s not normal.”
Josh shrugged, “It’s normal for you,” He said.
My heart swelled at his acceptance of me. “So, you’re cool with this then?” I looked at him hopefully.
He grinned and nodded, “Of course I am – do you think you can heal anyone – or just yourself?”
I stared at him. I hadn’t even considered this before. “I have no idea,” I said, “– why?”
“Well, it’s just,” he hesitated, obviously wondering if he was about to say something really stupid, “– remember when we were both climbing that tree and I fell – and you fell because I grabbed you?”
I remembered – It was the first time I hadn’t just bounced – I broke my leg in three places. “Yes – of course I do.”
He looked at me seriously and lowered his voice to barely more than a whisper, “I swear I broke something in my back – but you were lying right next to me, groaning and moaning in pain – I felt something click and then I was fine again. Well – my wrist was still fractured – I’m guessing that was because my arm was flung out to the side, further away from you – so that was fixed with the cast.”
I frowned. “Really?” I asked; he’d never said anything at the time.
He nodded. “Can you try something with me?”
I faltered. He was going to do something really stupid now, I could just tell.
Before I had a chance to either agree or not, he grabbed my fishing knife off the side and sliced his hand open before I could wrestle it off him.
“Are you freakin’ kidding me?” I muttered as blood spattered up my wall and across my quilt cover. 
Josh had sliced much deeper than I think he intended. He gave me a sheepish grin and then passed out cold.
I sighed and shook my head. I took his hand in mine and closed my eyes, “Jeez I hope this works.” I muttered as I concentrating on healing his bleeding wound.
I opened my eyes again and looked. I almost fell off the bed. Joshua’s instincts had been absolutely right. He’d noticed something about me that even I had been unaware of – I could not only heal myself – but other people too. There was a very fine white line on his hand. It wouldn’t even be noticeable to ordinary people. That was something else that was unusual about me – I could see for miles if I so chose.
My hearing was really advanced too and if I really concentrated hard, I could move myself from one side of my bedroom to the other just by thinking my way there. I was a freak – there was no getting away from that fact – but as long as Joshua was on my side – and no one else knew – well, that was just fine with me.


Other ebooks by Heather Mar-Gerrison


Stan
Stan, Remember Me…
Stan, New Beginnings…
Molly, Stan in his own words

Stan

Chapter I


“Ready to go?” Dad stood at the front door, toast held between his forefinger and thumb in an attempt to stop the butter running down his hand and grinned at my less than enthusiastic demeanour.
I looked up at him and let out a huge sigh to convey my less than enthusiastic demeanour, “Sure.” I deadpanned.
Dad chuckled, “Aw, honey. It’s not that bad, is it?”
I didn’t give him an answer, but I thought about that question long and hard as I followed him out of the house to the car. Was it that bad? Sometimes. Other times; no, it was fine. It was more the idea of the whole thing – let me try to explain a little more clearly.
Dad is some kind of mad scientist guy. Don’t laugh – he is! That aside he is the most over-protective parent on the planet. I’m nearly sixteen years old and I have to go (note the ‘have to,’ please) to work with him during every school break. Imagine that, if you will – all your mates are hanging out at the coffee shop and going shopping and getting a boyfriend – and you’re stuck with your ‘project’ at the mad scientist’s lab! It would be funny if it wasn’t my life... still at least my project was interesting – sometimes...

*

I rolled my eyes. Stan wasn’t geeky as such; he was just a little creepy. He had very dark hair, slightly longer than would be regarded fashionable, really dark eyes – I’d guess at brown if asked, but they just looked black really, very pale skin – oh and really (and I mean really) hollow cheekbones. He could probably make a good model actually, if it wasn’t for the poor choice of clothes. Maybe I was being unfair. I don’t think he’d been given the option of choosing his own. As for his hair – well, let’s just say a decent haircut would go a long way to improve the way he looked. I sighed as I glanced through the viewing gallery window from my dad’s office. Stan would already be there – waiting for me in the Study Room – of course he would – the poor guy lived here. I know it wasn’t his fault – well of course it wasn’t. I’m sure he didn’t really want to be with me any more than I wanted to be with him – but it felt like I was being forced to work with him all of the time and this afternoon was no exception.
It was the Easter break from school and all I wanted to do was hang out with Amie and my other friends like all normal teenagers. Amie had this stupid idea that the most popular guy in the school had a crush on me. Crazy, I know – but I really wanted to know if it could possibly be true and the only way to find out was to go to places he’d be. But, as was usual for the holidays, since I had no mother and wasn’t allowed to stay home on my own, I’d accompanied my father to his place of work – GP Solutions, every day so far – so I was kind of glad that it was Friday. (Yup – Agent Corby even goes to work on Good Friday).
It was some kind of government backed scientific programme and get this – they had found intelligent life in outer space.
For all my complaining about never seeing my mates in the holidays, I’d got to admit – I was totally stoked. I’ve always been fascinated with what was ‘out there’ and to have my wildest dreams come true was brilliant! The down side to my wildest dreams being answered was that the intelligent life came in the form of Stan...
It wasn’t like he was unpleasant or anything. In fact he was the sweetest soul that ever lived but he just seemed to have this knack of making me feel totally inferior to his brilliant questioning mind.
Now don’t get me wrong – I’m no slouch in the brains department either. In fact I’m described by my doting father as a very intelligent girl. I’m currently studying for my GCSE’s and my expected grades (with the one exception of Geography) are all straight A stars. Geography has me stumped though and I’m ashamed to admit that I’m barely scraping a C. Still I figure that if I want to go anywhere, Dad will either take me there or at least lend me his sat-nav. It’s a truly fantastic piece of kit. It isn’t your standard run-of-the-mill shop bought equipment. Oh no – Agent Corby’s sat-nav could probably get you to Mars...
Although he’s never mentioned it, I think, looking long term, Dad’s plan is for me to work here someday too. (See this is something else that I find mildly irritating – what if I don’t want to work for GP Solutions? What if I want to be a fashion designer or a vet, or a news reader? Yeah, okay – all of them are totally unlikely but still – choices anyone?) Anyway – obviously to prepare me for such a momentous occasion as joining GP Solutions as an employee – I get to tutor the Alien Life Form from outer-space. Oh joy!


Short Stories by Heather Mar-Gerrison

Friends
Zoe’s First Date with Fate
Save The Last Dance (Dance #1)
Can We Dance (Dance #2)
Inevitable…
Seven
Something Stupid
Maybe Never…

Kiss The Boy (Boy Next Door #1)
Are We Good...? (Boy Next Door #2)
Equal Measures (Boy Next Door #3)
Some Kind of Paradise (Boy Next Door #4)
Without You... (Boy Next Door #5)
Looking for Trouble (Boy Next Door #6)
Best Boyfriend Ever... (Boy Next Door #7)
Racing Hearts... (Boy Next Door #8)
I need a little time... (Boy Next Door #9)

What If... I Belonged to You? (What If? #1)
What If... I want commitment? (What If? #2)
What If… I told you a secret? (What if #3)
What if… We could start again? (What if #4)
What If... I Remember? (What if #5)
What if… This was real? (What if 6)


Contemporary Romance by
Heather Mar-Gerrison

The One That Got Away
If I Can’t Have You
Like No Other
Summer Break 

Operation Boyfriend (Operation Boyfriend #1)
All Kinds of Trouble (Operation Boyfriend #2)
The Trouble with Tyler (Operation Boyfriend #3)
What Happens with Vegas (Operation Boyfriend #4)

True… Love (Riverside #1)
Tomas… Enchanted (Riverside #2)
Tatum… Undercover (Riverside #3)
Toby… Captivated (Riverside #4)
Trey… Unbelievable (Riverside #5)
Sam… Distracted (Riverside #6)

Peyton... Protected (Studs & Steel #1)
River... Redeemed (Studs & Steel #2)
Buzz... Bedazzled (Studs & Steel #4)
Looking out of Lorenzo (Studs & Steel #4.5)
Simon... Spellbound (Studs & Steel #5)
Dangerous Love (Studs & Steel #5.5)
Stake Out... (Studs & Steel #6)
A shoulder to cry on (Studs & Steel #6.5)
Seth... Saved (Studs & Steel #7)
Back for Good (Studs & Steel #7.5)
Thai… Troubled (Studs & Steel #8)
The Retreat (Studs & Steel #8.5)

Desperate (Last Christmas #1)
Oblivious (Last Christmas #2)
Determined (Last Christmas #3)

When Danny Met Horatio (The Band #1)
When Noah met Tobias (The Band #2)
When Justin met Max (The Band #3)

Coming soon

When Karl met Devon (The Band #4)



Heather also writes historical romance eBooks

The Duchess of Chittenden (Duchess #1)
Highway to Society (Duchess #2)
The Real Duke of Circhester (Brunswick #1)
Philip Brunswick is getting married (Brunswick #2)

Coming Soon

Matilda’s Escape (Brunswick #3)
An Unlikely Hero
The Lady and the Blacksmith
Rosy’s leap year
Gabriella’s unexpected proposal
The Other Son… (Duchess #3)


Check out my blog at https://www.heathermar-gerrison.blogspot.com for news of my upcoming books.
Follow me on Twitter: @hmgwriting
Follow me on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/heather.margerrison.5
Follow me on Pinterest: https://uk.pinterest.com/heathemg


About the Author

I live in Nottingham, England with my lovely, long suffering and incredibly patient husband and my two beautiful daughters. We also have two cats that we adopted from the RSPCA, Bella and Romeo... and a brand-new member of the family – Enzo, our Border Terrier puppy...
When I’m not looking after a wayward puppy – I’m generally writing a book, any spare time I get between these two pursuits, you can either find me curled up with a good book that someone else wrote and a cat or a dog on my knee in place of the laptop, or I’ll be pottering about in the greenhouse, whilst plotting my next storyline in my head, muttering to myself like a crazy woman.... It’s not easy living with all the voices of my characters in my head!


