

WILLOW OF ENDLESS WATERS
The Journey Begins

By
D. B. Jones


Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013 DB Jones
License Notes: This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com

Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25


In loving memory of my mother, Bette Beiger Lang, and my brother, Theodore T. Beiger Jr.
Their inspiration encouraged me to write this book.

1
Willow stood on the edge of the knoll above the cliff, gazing down at the rocky shore of the endless waters. She closed her eyes to feel the warm, gentle breeze on her face as she listened to the water rushing over the rocks below and onto the sandy beach. At times she could hear the waves calling out to her, or at least that's what she thought. There was something about the endless waters that resonated throughout her entire being, drawing her near like a moth to a flame.
It was acceptable in her small village for the women to take the children to the water's edge as the men fished. But when the sun dropped out of the sky, the shadows began to disappear on the landscape, and the night bird called out, everyone retreated from the water's edge. For Willow, that time was hers and hers alone.
The daily chores were done, and one by one, she and her sisters, Raven and twins Nara and Ciara, and their brother, Seth, climbed into their sleeping lofts as her mother, Audra, and her father, Nyle, kissed each of them good-night. When her mother and father finished preparing everything for the following day, they too retired to their loft.
Willow lay very still, waiting to hear the sleeping sounds of her mother and father. When she felt it was safe, she quietly crawled out of her loft and tiptoed out the kitchen door past the still-burning embers in the kitchen hearth that had cooked the evening meal. Then she hurried down to the water's edge.
Her heart was pounding with anticipation as the moon rose high in the night sky. She sat, watching the fireflies dancing along the shore, daring those hiding just beneath the water to make themselves known. Sometimes when she was very still, she would imagine seeing the people that lived in the world beneath the water. She had heard stories about them from the old ones in the village, but no one really believed such a world existed, because no one she knew had ever seen such things.
Willow made her nighttime visits to the shore as often as she could. One night, her face was so close to the water, it felt as though she were looking through glass. Her stillness was like a trance as her gaze became fixed on the glow of the moonlight on the water. For a moment, her eyes began to focus on something that seemed to be moving closer and closer to her, yet she did not pull away. There was calm in it all. It was a vision of a beautiful woman with long, shimmering, silver hair that gently swirled through the water. The woman came closer and closer to Willow, and then her hair reached out of the water and brushed against Willow's face. Then, in an instant, the woman was gone. Willow thought for a moment that she had dozed off and that it was only a dream.
The next day was like most days. She played with her sisters, helped Audra with her chores, and then joined the family for the evening meal. Nyle had been talking to her without any response, and he finally tapped the table with his knife to get her attention. After all, dinner was family time, when family decisions were made. But Willow's thoughts were rewinding the previous night's events over and over. She could not think of anything else and found it difficult to participate in the family conversation. Was the vision of the woman in the endless waters only her imagination, or had she been privileged with a glimpse of what or who lies beneath?
Everyone went to bed, or so she thought. She crept out of her curtained-off sleeping loft and tiptoed across the room, past her sisters' lofts and into the kitchen, where the embers from cooking the evening meal lingered on the hearth. The aroma of the beef stew infused the room. Just as she neared the back door, her father stood up from his handwoven willow chair in front of the fireplace. She had not noticed him there, because the back of the chair was tall and faced outward.
Nyle asked, "What are you doing up this late, Daughter, and why are you still dressed?"
She knew he had noticed her odd behavior at dinner. "I'm just going outside for some fresh air," she said. Nyle was a compassionate man and knew she would feel strained talking to him about what he assumed was the onset of womanhood, so he suggested she talk with her mother in the morning and sent her back to bed.
Willow desperately wanted to return to the water that night, but she knew her father would be up longer than usual. She tossed and turned and found it difficult to sleep. The vision of the woman in the water captured her every thought. The vision of her swaying and swirling silver hair in the water's current calmed her, and she finally drifted off to sleep.
There was something different about Willow in the morning. She could feel it. Her family noticed it too, but couldn't quiet determine what it was. However, that was soon forgotten, because there was to be a festival in the center of the village soon, on the full moon. Everyone in the household was talking about it and making plans. Audra wanted to make sure she cooked something very special that would stand out at the festival. Also, she would design and sew a beautiful dress for Willow that all eyes would turn to admire as Willow entered the center of the village on that joyous day.
All the families in the village would bring their best dishes to share with all the other villagers. It was an event young people looked forward to as they grew up. Their mothers and fathers had all experienced it. It was a time when the young boys and girls coming of age gathered on the knoll during the evening of the festival at the full of the moon. There the girls would choose their future mate from the eligible boys.
Girls giggled together and discussed what they would wear and whom they hoped to see there. Boys strutted around as if to say, "I'm the strongest and most handsome of all here. I can build the biggest fishing boat, and I'll have the best house in the village." Those were the things parents told their young daughters to look for in a mate.
Willow seemed distant from it all. She wasn't interested in anyone in the village. She had grown up with her friends and liked them but had no desire to pick out a mate and spend the rest of her days with him in their small village. She dreamed of a mate beyond any of those in the village, someone in her dreams or imagination. She was certain when the right one came along, she would know him without question, and he would know her.
She was not a shy girl but preferred to spend much of her time alone with nature. Although many in the village thought her sweet enough, they looked upon her with curiosity. Most of the villagers had ebony hair and sun-baked complexions, the latter often thought to be the result of living and working near the shore of the endless waters. Willow, on the other hand, had long, golden hair that glimmered in the sunlight, and her skin was fair, with just a blush of color in her cheeks. The villagers, accustomed to the dark looks of most of her family, were perplexed by Willow's rare beauty. It led some to whisper about how she stood out among all the other children, but she did come from a family with high status, and her father did have the largest and most successful fishing boat in the village. So she was accepted without question.
Willow finished her daily responsibilities early, and her mother asked her to help in the kitchen with the dish she was making for the festival. It was an old family recipe handed down and first served when she was getting ready for her first festival. There were special herbs to gather from the garden and the forest; they had to be fresh, not dried.
Nyle returned from fishing early with a great fish, fit for a king. It would go in the dish, so he handed it to Audra. Wild grape leaves were gathered and soaked in wine the family had made the year before, after the harvest of wild berries. Audra cleaned the fish and coated it with a crust of sea salt and herbs. Only its head remained clear of crust. Willow's mother asked her to take the fish to the smokehouse, place it on the top shelf, and cover it with muslin cloth. There it would remain until the morning of the festival, when Willow and Audra would get up before the sun rose to complete the dish.
Everything was prepped for the special dish. Now it was time to make Willow's dress. As was the custom, a piece of the dress worn by her mother was to be incorporated into Willow's dress. Her mother's dress had pieces of her mother's dress and so on down through her maternal lineage. Audra was going to make Willow's dress out of flowing scarves, each scarf from past dresses: one from her, her grandmother, great-grandmother, great-great-grandmother, and then from her great-great-great-grandmother. The colors were the soft blues of the sky, the deep blue-green of the water, and the white of the clouds.
Her mother had been planning this dress for Willow since the day she was born. Willow was the oldest child and first daughter, so it had to be special. She would be representing the entire family at the festival, after all. And her mother assumed that Willow would have her pick of any of the eligible young boys as her future mate.

2
The day was an exhausting one. The entire family was involved in the gathering of plants, fetching items for the special dish, and cutting and arranging the scarves for Willow's dress. During the meal, as always, the discussion turned to what the family had completed that day and what the plans were for the next. That night seemed short because everyone was so tired and could only focus on finishing and retiring for the day. Even her father went to bed right after banking the coals in the fire for the morning meal. Her brother, Seth, gathered wood and stacked it in perfect rows outside the back door under the sheltered area her father built just for that purpose. Everything had its place.
Her sister, Raven soaked the oats and dried fruit in the kettle, ready to swing into place over the embers in the morning for breakfast. Audra laid out the scarfs to be added to Willow's dress, but not until she was sure of the placement according to the lineage. Soon everyone had returned to their sleeping lofts, and Willow could hear the soft breathing of her brother and sisters and her father's snoring. Audra lay quietly, resting next to Nyle.
Willow lay across her sleeping loft, still dressed, dozing off and on as the night settled in. Soon the moon rose and pushed its silver light into Willow's window. The brightness gently touched her face as she opened her eyes to greet the night. Suddenly she felt rested. Ever so quietly, she slipped out of the house unnoticed.
The moon was nearly full, casting a glow on the pathway as Willow made her way to the water's edge. The fireflies began their evening dance, reflecting like starlight on the water. Willow watched as the moon rose higher and higher in the night sky.
She found a large bolder shaped like a seat protruding out of the water. It looked so inviting as the water gently rolled over the lower rocks that seemed to anchor the boulder in place. She took off her shoes, placed them on the shore, and waded a short distance to that seat, which nature seemed to have built just for her. Willow sat there for what seemed to be all night, gazing into the water.
The water became as still as glass, and she could see below the surface. The boulder felt as though it were floating out further and further from the shore. Willow sensed a tranquility come over her. The night air began to brush a soft whisper of breeze against her skin. Then, as she bent down nearer the water, the beautiful woman with the silver hair suddenly appeared within inches of her face. At first, Willow pulled back slightly, but then she leaned closer again. The woman of the water motioned to her as if to invite her in. Willow was drawn to the woman as if she knew her. But how could that be? She wondered.
Doubts came over her, and she wondered if this was some sort of dream. Then the woman of the water emerged and spoke to her. It was not a language Willow had ever heard before—it wasn't even a sound anyone could hear—but somehow she understood. The woman started telling Willow of the world from which she had come.
Soon Willow noticed the moon start to drop into the endless waters, and she knew she had to return home. She returned her eyes to the water, and the woman was gone, as quickly as she had appeared. Willow's heart was filled with wonder. She could only imagine the world where the woman of the water resided. Suddenly, the boulder was again near the shore. She waded back to shore, picked up her shoes, and headed home.
Willow hoped she had not stayed too long. Her father and mother would be up soon to finish the morning meal. She slipped in the back door and into her sleeping loft just in time. Moments later, her mother came to wake her. Exhausted and exuberant at the same time, Willow greeted the new day with her family.

3
As the moon became fuller, the festival drew closer. There was an air of excitement throughout the village as each family prepared for the event. Everything had to be completed before the morning of the full moon, which was only a few days away. There were dresses to be made and favorite dishes to prepare. The village needed to be decorated as it had been for hundreds of years for this eventful day.
Families speculated about which woman would choose which man. Each family had high hopes for their sons and daughters. The daughters' parents hoped they would have a new son who would provide a fine home and a fishing boat, and parents of the sons hoped the woman would give them many grandchildren.
Willow wanted to please her parents. She was always a good child and had learned the ways of taking care of family through the love of her mother. She knew she was expected to pick her future husband at the festival, but she didn't quite fit in. Even though everyone was nice to her and admired how much like her mother she was, they knew there was something different about her, and it wasn't just her appearance.
Alia and Spring were friends of Willow who lived on the other side of the village. Their mothers had been close friends of Willow's mother for many years. The girls had grown up together and shared secrets ever since they could talk. Willow was the quiet one and spent most of her time just listening, never sharing her deepest thoughts with anyone. The girls had been exchanging stories about the boys they thought would be suitable husbands. However, they still viewed them as the little boys they had grown up with. And they recalled throwing cherries at the boys when they had taunted them as they were developing into young women. How could any of those boys turn into men who would love and care for them? But they knew that somehow they would have to make a choice. It was the way it had always been done and would be the way their daughters picked their husbands in the future.
Alia and Spring stopped by to see Willow after the morning meal to discuss their plans for the evening festival and of course to try a get a glimpse of the dress Willow would be wearing the evening of the festival. Everyone knew Willow's mother was the best dressmaker in the village. It was a skill handed down from her mother and her mother's mother. Willow often helped her mother make clothes for other women in the village, but she had never acquired a love for it like her mother. She preferred to wear simple dresses that captured the breezes as she walked along the water's edge with her mother while waiting for her father to return from the day's fishing. It was her favorite time of the day, a time when she could sit on the rocks and feel the cool water rush over her feet. She would drift into her dream world and feel at peace sitting near the water's edge. It was her refuge from the everyday life in the village, a place where no one could judge her as she dreamed of something else.
Audra entered the room, welcomed the girls, and asked if they would like something to eat. One always invited a guest to eat. That too was an old custom. The girls respectfully declined and continued their discussion. Finally, it was time to start the morning chores, and the girls returned to their homes.
That day, Nyle took Seth with him to fish. He needed extra help to bring in a catch that would add to the festival feast, and it was time for Seth to learn the ways of his family. After all, he was the only son, and it would be his responsibility to provide for the family when his father could no longer fish. Also, someday Seth would attend the festival as an eligible mate, and he would need to have the experience and status to appeal to a young woman. They would be gone for a few days, as they would go out to the deep waters, where the fish were abundant that time of year.
The day's end drew near, and there was still much to do. However, Audra decided to have a small meal and let the children play before it got too dark. She was a bit like Willow; she too appreciated her alone time. She never talked about what she was thinking, but she would sit outside in her rocking chair in the cool of the evening and just stare out at the endless waters for long periods. The children knew not to bother her when she rocked. Willow treasured her alone time and felt her mother did too.
Occasionally, when the evening air turned cool and the breezes whipped up a bit stronger, Willow would gently wrap a blanket around her mother's shoulders without saying a word. Her mother just reached up and patted Willow's hand. There was a special bond between Willow and her mother that words never needed to express. Sometimes they would just look at each other and seem to know what the other was thinking. At times Willow would be in the middle of something and stop and do something else she knew her mother needed. Audra just smiled.
Audra finally came into the house, prepared the embers in the fire for the next day's morning meal, and retreated to her sleeping loft after kissing each child on the forehead. One by one, they crawled into their sleeping lofts and drifted off to sleep. All but one.

4
Willow knew her father and brother were fishing out on the endless waters and everyone else was asleep, so she left the house as soon as she heard everyone's deep breathing—sounds of sleep. The wind was strong that evening, and in the night air was an ominous feeling that Willow could sense in every part of her being. But the drive to return to the endless waters was too strong. She wrapped a shawl around her shoulders and headed down to the shore. As she approached the rock pilings, the wind became even stronger, crushing the waves into the rocks. Each time a wave retreated, it tugged at the rocks as if to bring them back into the water. Willow hesitated as she climbed onto the rocks. Her balance was unsteady, and the waves slapped at her as they engulfed the rock pilings. She stood her ground and held onto her rock, the one that cradled her on her visits to the shore, the one rock that seem to be made just for her.
The wind grew more intense, and the waves were nearly impossible to maneuver around. She felt she had better retreat to land. Just as she turned toward the shore, a wave grabbed her and drenched her with ice-cold, white foam. She struggled to reach for the rock, but her grasp was no match for the pull of the waves. One more wave lashed at her, and she felt the full power of the water as she yielded to the icy water.
She could feel herself thrashing beneath the waves. Her long, golden hair swirled about in the raging waters, entangling her and blinding her. She was unaware of how far out or how deep she was, but she knew she had no control over what would happen to her. She thought of the sadness her family would endure if she never returned—the pain of not knowing what had happened to her. No one knew of her trips to the water's edge late at night. There was no one she shared her deepest thoughts with or told of her experiences with the woman in the water. No one would ever know that the woman of the waters really existed.
Willow felt herself slipping away from consciousness. She felt as though she was plunging deeper and deeper as the water became darker. Her eyes saw nothing but sand swirling about her body, burning with every twist. Then a form started to take shape. A form she knew and that calmed her. Was this to be the last thing she saw before the endless waters took her completely? Would this yearning to know something other than the life in the village be the cause of her demise and the pain and suffering of her family? She thought how stupid she had been to go against the teachings of the old ones in the village and visit the endless waters at night. There was a reason the villagers were told not to come. Why couldn't she listen? Everything went dark.
Suddenly, Willow saw a bright silver glow and then the swirling and swishing of the long silver hair of the woman she had seen by the shore beneath the water. The woman reached out her hand to Willow. As her hand touched Willow's hand, the raging water became calm, as if there were no water, just stillness. Willow looked into the pale blue eyes of this radiant being. There was something so familiar in the way this being looked at her. She couldn't place it, but somehow she knew she was safe.
Willow drifted off into a deep sleep, and when she came to, she was leaning on the rock along the shore, watching the calm waters. She felt rested but knew she should return home, for the moon was making its way down once again to announce the night was ending.

5
The next day, Audra called Willow into the kitchen from her sleeping loft. Willow had overslept, and there was much to do. The festival was only three days away. As Willow entered the room, she could see the empty breakfast bowls on the table. Her three younger sisters were nowhere in sight. She thought her mother would be mad at her for not getting up and helping with the morning chores, but Audra prepared a bowl of oats and fruit for Willow, set it on the table, and sat down beside her.
Willow sensed something was wrong and could not eat. She turned to her mother and asked what was troubling her. Her mother sat quietly for what seemed to be an eternity. Willow turned and looked into her mother's eyes and noticed tears welling up. Audra asked her if she had heard the storm the night before. Fear started to take over every part of Willow. She felt her secret had been discovered.
What could she say? She knew she could not lie to her mother. She had always been truthful and did not want to break their special bond. Willow told her she had heard the wind blowing in the trees and the waves crashing against the rocks on shore.
Audra looked at her as if to say, "Is there anything more you want to tell me?" Willow became very quiet and turned her gaze to the floor. Audra took her hand and softly said in a whisper, "Willow, your father and brother have not returned from fishing yet, and all the other boats are back. I fear something may have happened. I have sent your sisters across to Spring's family for the day. I need you with me."
Willow could not even speak. There was a part of her that felt responsible. Maybe if she had not gone down to the water, this would not have happened. She too feared for her father's and brother's safety. Audra told her to eat her breakfast, for they would be going to the water's edge to wait for a sign.
When they arrived on the shore of the endless waters, other villagers were waiting for them. They too feared the worst and did not want Willow or Audra to be alone. Many of the women huddled around Audra to comfort her and try to offer encouragement. She showed great courage, but Willow knew she wondered if the water had taken them as it had many of the villagers in the past.
Willow wandered off down the shore and came upon her rock, where she had sat so many nights. It looked so different in the sunlight, not at all like the night before. It almost blended in with every other rock. It did not seem so special during the day, yet she knew. She wanted to wade out to it but was afraid someone might discover her secret and her special place.
Willow hesitated for a moment and then thought she heard something or someone calling her. She turned back toward Audra and noticed no one was even watching her. Turning back toward the rock, she heard the call again. She waded out to the rock and sat. The voice came closer and seemed louder. Again she turned toward her mother. Surely someone else heard it, she thought. But no one had.
She bent down and looked into the water as it rushed over the rocks as if to kiss them. Her gaze became fixed on the water, and then there she was—the woman with the flowing silver hair. But this time she only motioned to Willow to follow her along the shoreline. Willow was captivated and could not turn back to her mother; the pull was too strong. She followed her around the bend, and then the woman told her to wait there. As quickly as she had appeared, she disappeared.
As Willow stood on the shore, looking out at the water, her mother walked up and took her hand. She said nothing to her, only smiled and looked at her with a knowing and a calmness. Willow had seen that in her mother's eyes before, when things seemed hopeless but she knew something no one else did. They stood together, looking out to the endless waters, and slowly a boat appeared in the distance. As the boat grew nearer, they could hear the joyous sounds from around the bend, where the other women waiting. They knew it was Nyle's fishing boat.
Audra did not say a word but stood firmly planted, just watching the boat grow closer. Soon the others from the village came running. The men in the village waded out to the boat and pulled it close to the shore. But where were Nyle and Seth, and how did the boat get back to the shore without them guiding it?
As the men pulled the boat ashore, she noticed Nyle and Seth wrapped in seaweed on the deck. As Willow and her mother approached the boat, everyone thought they would find that their souls had been taken by the endless waters. However, Audra remained calm; she bent down and kissed her husband and son. Their eyes opened, and each gave a slight gasp for air. Audra turned to her and smiled, and Willow knew—she just knew.
The villagers carried the men back to the house. Audra tucked them into their sleeping lofts and brought them fresh soup and bread prepared by some of the villagers. Audra did not say any more to Willow, and Willow did not ask. She remained home that night and stayed close to her father and Seth.
She could not imagine how her father and brother had returned from such a storm in the condition they were. The villagers said it must have been the current that brought them back, but Willow did not accept that idea, and she did not think her mother did either.

6
Audra was up before dawn in the kitchen, preparing the wild berries that were still covered with the morning dew and the smoked fish that had been in the smokehouse. She savored the smell of the sweet bread with roasted nuts baking in the stone oven over the fire. It was a warm morning, and the family was filled with gratitude that the endless waters had not claimed Seth and his father.
Everyone rose from their sleeping lofts and followed the aroma of bread into the kitchen. Audra did not say a word about what had happened, but it was evident from the glow on her face and the fact that she wore her auburn hair braided and twisted perfectly atop her head and the fact that she wore one of Nyle's favorite dresses that she was relieved her family was safe at home. Willow did not know if her parents had discussed what had happened or not. They never talked of the perils out in the waters, at least not in front of the children. They kept their worries to themselves.
Life in the village seemed back to normal, and it was nearly time for the festival. Most everything was finished for the special dish the family would bring, but there was the dress to complete. All the scarves were laid out on the table in order. Each one would be sewn on to overlap the other under the bodice. Willow stood on a stool for what seemed to be hours as her mother attached each scarf. Each one was more beautiful than the one before. When she was finished, the dress shimmered in the sunlight. Willow had never seen such beauty in any of the dresses her mother had made before.
The scarves were woven with materials she had never seen before. When she asked her mother where they had come from, her mother smiled and said, "They came from your maternal side of the family, going back as far as I can remember, and someday you will make your daughter's dress from this dress and add your own scarf." That was all that her mother would say.
Willow's friends came by to help her with the decorating. It was the responsibility of the women and their daughters to decorate the festival site where the girls would choose their future mates. The site was in a clearing on top of a knoll, high above the water's edge in an area protected from the harsh winds off the waters. It was traditional for the festival to end on the knoll on the evening of the full moon.
The boys and their families would go in first. Each boy's family would sit behind their young man. Each family took the same spot as their father's family had taken. Music was played on flutes made from the stands of bamboo near the marshlands. The shorter the bamboo flutes, the more joyous the tunes played on it. As the night progressed, the longer bamboo flutes were brought out for playing the more melodic and serene music.
Then there would be silence, and everyone would take their places with their families. The young girls would enter the knoll with their mothers following. Then each girl would enter the circle alone, according to her age. The oldest went first and made her choice, and then the next in line would enter and make her choice. One by one they would circle to choose their mate. As the girls circled the gathering, they would take their place in front of the family of the boy they had chosen. The boys not chosen would be eligible the next year, as there were more boys than girls.
Willow's friends Alia and Spring were very excited. It was all they could talk about. Of course, they shared their choice with each other, but Willow said nothing. The girls thought it strange that Willow never shared her secrets with them. Now that they were coming of age, Willow seemed more distant. They appeared to have less in common than when they were small children.
Alia and Spring talked about the kind of house they would have, how wonderful their husbands would be, the fishing boats they would have, how great their husbands' catches would be, their status in the village, and how many children they would have. They went on and on as if they had seen the future, but of course they had not. Willow tried to sound happy for them and show some signs of looking forward to the festival, but her heart was not in it. She was happy to see the sun dipping and the sky starting to darken, for she knew she would not have to endure any more of their discussion.
Audra called to her, and they strolled down the path toward the house. She looked into Willow's eyes and asked her if she was OK. Willow said she was just exhausted after all that had happened with her father and her brother and the festival. Willow knew her mother sensed there was something else going on with her, but her mother did not pressure her any further. It was time to get the family settled in for the evening. Each would need rest, for the next day was the day before the festival, and everything had to be perfect.
Willow climbed into her sleeping loft. Audra came in and asked to speak to her. She was afraid her mother would ask whom she had chosen for the festival, and when she had no answer, her mother would be insistent. What could she tell her? She loved her mother dearly and did not want to disappoint her.
As Audra sat on the edge of the sleeping loft, she stroked Willow's golden hair. "You are very much like your great-great-grandmother. She had eyes as blue as the endless waters and long, golden hair like yours. You have a part of her soul in you that longs for something else. I have known this for a long time, my sweet daughter. Know that I am always here for you and love you with all my heart." With that, she stroked her hair and kissed her forehead and left the sleeping loft.
Willow could still feel the warmth of her mother's kiss on her forehead as she drifted into a deep sleep. Even in her sleep, the beautiful face of the woman in the water haunted her. She could see the long, silver hair glistening in the moonlight as it was swirling in the water. There was something very familiar about the look of her hair. She had seen it before. She could hear the whispering voice of the woman calling for her. The voice was pulling at her to return to the water's edge that night. She tossed and turned in her sleeping loft.
Willow awoke and sat up, still twisted in her bed coverings. Surely she had awakened someone. She looked into her sisters' lofts. The twins, who were nestled together, and Raven, who was one year younger than her brother, were all in a deep sleep.
Willow could still hear the woman from the water calling her. There was no way to ignore the whisper. She knew she should not go that night, but the impulse was too strong. Once more, she slipped out of her loft, crossed the kitchen to the back door with the movements of a cat, and made her way down to the water's edge and out to her rock.
The fireflies began to circle in front of her, casting a glow on the still water. She could see herself reflected against the water in the moonlight. The moon was nearly full, and the next evening, it would reach its fullness. Willow came closer to her reflection and then set her gaze beneath the stillness. A breeze began to swirl her golden hair across the water.
In an instant, the woman of the water arose and sat next to her on the rock. Willow froze, not in fear, but in amazement at the ease in which this being from the endless waters emerged. She spoke nothing to Willow, but her ice-blue eyes said much. She reached up and took from her neck a pearled shell on a braided strand of silver threads and put in on Willow. Then she kissed her forehead and vanished into the endless waters. The kiss was just the way her mother had kissed her that evening.
Willow had been feeling a change within her since she had first encountered the woman from the endless waters, but never more than that very moment. She held onto the pearl shell and ran her fingers along the silver strands. She knew the strands were made from the woman's silver hair. Thoughts filled her mind. Why did she give this to me? What part in my life does this water woman play? Has anyone else in the village ever experienced this? Willow knew she could tell no one of what had happened. Besides, no one would ever believe her. They thought she was strange enough without adding this to it. The moon was again dipping into the water. She had to return home, but she knew her life would never be the same.

7
There was one day left to finalize everything for the festival. There was so much excitement in the village. The very young children ran in and out of their homes, playing with things. Normally, they would be scolded, but their parents were too busy making last-minute arrangements to even notice what they were doing.
It wasn't any different at Willow's house. Raven, the middle child, named for her coal-black eyes and hair, was in charge of watching the twins, Nara and Ciara. She wasn't that much older than the twins, which made it difficult for her to keep them from getting into trouble. One thing was for sure: Audra did not want them running in and out of the house during all the last-minute preparation. There was enough for them to play with outside. Ciara was the firstborn of the twins; moments later, and much to everyone's surprise, came Nara. She was given the name Nara, meaning "joyous and near one," because no one knew there would be another child coming after Ciara.
Audra always knew there were two souls who had entered her vessel. Often she felt two hearts beating in the stillness but did not reveal this, even to Nyle. He would have feared for her life and the safety of their babies.
There was enough worry for him each time he ventured out in the depths of the endless waters to fish. She did not want him to worry about her too. Fishing required his full attention; he couldn't for a moment let his mind drift and worry about his family on the shore. The endless waters could rear up at any moment, and if a fisherman was not alert to the movement of the clouds or the increasing intensity of the wind, he not only could lose his catch, but the water could reclaim him. So Audra chose to hold this secret alone.
Audra wanted her to bring the dress into the kitchen to try it on one more time before it would be laid on the table in the other room for the evening of the festival. Willow went to her mother's sleeping room and picked up the dress. There was something strange yet very familiar about it. It seemed different from when she helped her mother sew on the scarves. She brought the dress into the kitchen, put it on, and stood on the stool in front of the open window as the sun's rays came through.
A slight breeze blew into the room and caught the scarves. They started to swirl and swish as though they were caught in a gentle current of water. She gasped for breath and nearly fell off the stool. The scarves reminded her of the silver hair of the woman in the endless waters. What was happening, and how could all this be connected? Willow became lightheaded, and Audra caught her arm as she stumbled to the floor. "What's wrong, my daughter?" she asked. Willow could not speak; her head was spinning with the visions of the woman in the endless waters. Audra placed a rolled-up blanket under her head as she lay on the floor. One of the scarves gently blew across her face and rested upon her chest. Her arms brushed against the soft scarf. It was a cooling touch. What is this made of? She thought. Mother has never used this fabric in any of the garments she has made for the villagers or for herself.
As she opened her eyes, her mother was sitting next to her, stroking her hair. Willow gazed into Audra's eyes, and calm settled in. Just the two of them were in the house. Audra pulled her gaze away for a moment as if needing time to formulate her thoughts, then turned back to Willow and began to speak to her in a soft and gentle voice, yet her lips did not move. "Willow, I know you have seen Ellura, the woman of the water, and I can no longer pretend I do not believe in the ancient stories of the people who live beneath the waters. There is so much to tell you, Daughter, but you must never tell anyone we speak together this way."
Willow sat up and held onto her mother so tightly. "Oh, Mother, I thought perhaps it was only a dream." Then she told her all the events of her past visits to the shore. She reached under her clothing and revealed the pearled shell with the silver threads and told her mother the woman of the water had given it to her.
Willow looked up her mother, who had tears in her eyes. "Somehow, Willow, I always knew you had the gift and that someday you would encounter Ellura. You must not let anyone see that shell."
"Who is she?" asked Willow. Just as Audra was about to tell her more, Raven entered the room with the twins, covered in foul-smelling mud. The festival would be starting soon, and they had to get the twins cleaned up and finish the special dish waiting in the smokehouse.
Willow spoke through her mind to her mother. "Mother, when will you tell me more?"
"Not now my daughter."
Willow knew to speak no more of it right then.

8
Nyle and Seth did not go fishing this day. Nyle knew his wife would worry, and she needed him to be close by. She needed his support for this special day. Seth went to the smokehouse and brought out the large fish that had been smoking for days with its crust of sea salt and herbs. The berries they had picked earlier that week had been marinating in the wine from last year's batch. Now it was time to put it all together on a large platter that had been handed down from Nyle's mother on the day Audra and Nyle had been promised to one another. They had grown up together, and it was a given in the village that when it was Audra's coming-of-age, she would sit with Nyle's family at the festival. And so she did.
Willow climbed onto the stool to bring down the large willow baskets that hung from the beams in the kitchen. She filled them with fresh breads that had just finished baking. Soon the meal would to be delivered to the tables that had been set up in the festival area. One could feel the excitement in the air all through the village. Children were dressed in their finest garments and had been given strict warning by their parents to remain unsoiled. The young girls' mothers brushed and braided their daughters' hair with multicolored ribbons and combs their grandmothers had made for them. The entire family was involved in preparation for this festival.
Though Audra had awaited this day ever since the birth of her first daughter, uneasiness fell over her like a veil. She tried to dismiss her fears by staying busy with last-minute details on her dishes. Nyle carried the platter of crusted fish, smothered with the berries soaked in wine, and Seth carried the large woven baskets full of breads to place in the center of the festival table. Their family was responsible for the center dish because Nyle was the most successful fisherman in the village and often netted the largest catches. It was an honor to be chosen to prepare the center dish.
Other families started trickling in with their dishes, and soon the tables were filled with the best dishes the village had to offer. Nothing was spared for this event. Children picked fresh flowers from their family gardens and wildflowers that grew near the marshes, and arranged them on the table. The table was filled with colors and with aromas that lingered in the air. One only needed to pass the table to be pulled in by its wonderful assortment of smells to stimulate one's appetite. Those nearing the table commented about this dish and that dish. Speculation ensued about which family made which dish and how it may compare to their own dish. All were eager to fill their plates and start savoring each morsel. This happened only once a year, and when the moon was at its fullest.
Soon the village was filled with laughter and song. The musicians danced as they played their instrument throughout the crowds. The children were playing, and the young girls gathered together to share their feelings about the evening event yet to come. Parents mingled but did not discuss their daughters and sons' prospects, but that's what was on everyone's minds. The conversation circled around the food, children, and general village gossip. As the evening began to settle in and the moon began to rise over the forest, families started the cleanup and returned to their homes to prepare for the bigger event about to take place on the knoll.
When Willow's family returned home, the smaller children were put to bed, and Raven was given instructions, as she would be in charge of the care of the twins while Willow, Seth, and their parents attended the evening event. Seth was allowed to go because he too would soon be on the knoll, awaiting one of the young girls. He was still too young, but Nyle wanted him to be prepared and to experience this momentous event.
Seth and his father strolled up to the knoll in advance of Willow and Audra, who would make their entrance with the other young girls. Willow's mother brought in the dress for Willow, who put it on. Audra made some last-minute adjustments, and then finished her hair with pearls from the endless waters.
Moments before they were to join the rest of the girls, Willow slipped back to her sleeping loft and reached under her pillow to retrieve the shell with the silver threads and put in on, concealing it under her dress. She returned to her mother, who looked into her eyes and spoke without words: "You may wear the shell, but do not reveal it."
Willow replied without words: "Thank you, Mother."
Willow and Audra joined the young girls and their mothers and began their walk. The music became softer as the moon rose over the knoll. As they entered the knoll, their mothers joined their families, and the young girls stood at the edge of the knoll, against the massive boulders that protected them against the endless waters below. Willow stood behind the group, closer to the edge. She had not made her decision and wanted to be anywhere else but there. She was afraid to think about it too much, for fear her mother would hear her thoughts and worry.
The eldest girl began her circle around the knoll, stopping at each young boy and thanking him for being a part of the village and expressing how he would be a fine catch for any of the young girls. Then, as everyone suspected, she took her place in front of the family of the young boy she had chosen. Their families had been very close, and she and the boy had grown up knowing they would someday have a family of their own.
One by one, the girls made their way around the circle, each choosing their future husband. It was time for Willow to enter the circle. She stood alone against the boulders as the moon hovered over her, revealing the silver strands in her dress and swirling her golden hair in the night air. She stood for a moment and then took a step forward. In an instant, an ominous cloud crossed in front of the full moon. The wind began to howl and became stronger and stronger as it whipped over the edge of the knoll. Its salted winds cut into the villagers' faces. Then, suddenly, the waves crashed against the edge of the knoll, shaking the boulders.
Willow stood there beside the boulders as if frozen in place. As the others began scrambling about, trying to find shelter, the waves became more intense, grabbing at the edge of the knoll, pulling it back into the water. Villagers frantically gathered their families and ran toward their homes. No one seemed to notice that Willow was still standing in the midst of the crashing waves—no one except her mother. Audra started running toward her daughter, extending her arms in panic. She seemed to sense something no one else did.
Fear rushed over Willow as the waves crashed over the boulders. Everyone had scattered for cover and assumed Willow and her mother had done the same. As Audra raced toward the boulders where Willow stood, out of the crashing waves came the vision of the woman with the long, silver hair, glistening and swirling as the waves leaped over the boulders. She knew it was the woman from the endless water, Ellura. Her mother and her mother's mother had told her stories about her, but she had never seen her herself.
Audra cried out for Willow and reached out for her. The waves rushed over Willow before Audra could grab her. The arms of Ellura encircled Willow, and the endless waters swept them away. As quickly as the wind and water had come, it was gone, and everything was still again. Willow's mother fell to her knees and wept. She knew she had lost her daughter to the endless waters.

9
The Story of Willow's Great-Great-Grandmother, Morven
Days had gone by as Willow's mother paced the shore, looking for some sign that would give her hope that her dear, sweet Willow would be coming back to her. With fear in her heart, she knew her daughter had been reclaimed by Ellura of the endless waters. This was not the first time someone from her family had been lost there.
When Audra was a small child, she had heard whispers from her grandmother about how one of the women in the village from long ago had yearned for a child. But after one of the storms, her husband had not returned from fishing in the endless waters. She paced the shore day after day, waiting for the return of her beloved husband. Many in the village began whispering that she had lost her mind.
The poor woman sat at the water's edge and stared out at the waters for what seemed to be months, not tending to her daily chores, not even taking care of her personal needs. Some of the women of the village helped when they could. They brought her food and set it beside her without saying much of anything. When they did, the poor woman just sat, staring at the water. She refused much of the food, but did drink some of the teas left for her, which is the only thing that kept her going.
One evening, the winds came, and the waves crashed against the shore, burning her face and body, yet she did not waver. She remained steadfast on the shore. Suddenly, the wave caught her and dragged her into the endless waters. She could not see anything, but she felt something or someone holding onto her as she was tossed about, and then everything went calm. She could not see, for the water was black, but she knew she was being pulled. She surrendered to the current, believing this must be the end and she would soon be reunited with her beloved. As she sunk further and further into unconsciousness, she thought she saw someone with a bundle in her arms drawing near. Then everything went blank.
When she awoke, she was lying on the shore next to the bundle. She heard a small cooing sound coming from the bundle. As she reached down and pulled away the silver threads it was wrapped in, she saw the soft smile of a small child. But where did it come from? she wondered. Has someone from the village lost this child? Surely it could not have come from the endless waters. But the child was unlike any she had ever seen. She had golden hair and skin as soft as silk, with a hint of rose in her cheeks, and her eyes were as blue as the water. The woman wrapped her back up in the silver threads and held her close to her breast.
Just as she was about to return to the village, she looked up to see the village women rushing toward her. As they drew near, the women feared they would find their friend a victim of the storm. Instead, there she stood, holding the precious child. The women said nothing; they simply stared. They asked her where she had gotten this child, and she only said it was lying next to her when she came to after the storm. They suggested that maybe a passing boat from across the endless water had been claimed by the storm and this small child somehow was spared and washed ashore. But she knew the child was a gift from the endless waters and did not mention what happened during the storm, for she feared they would think her mad and take the child from her.
She returned to her home and set up to raise the child as her own. That evening, she drifted off to sleep with the tiny bundle in her arms. As she slept, she had a dream that a beautiful woman with long, silver hair and eyes as blue as the water came to her and told her the child's name was Morven, "gift of the sea."
The next day, the woman took the child to the center of the village to introduce her to the other families and told them Morven would be her daughter from that day forward. Later, they returned to their home to prepare for the day. There was much to do, as the house was not prepared to have a small child, nor were there any clothes or a place for Morven to sleep. Morven's new mother unwrapped the silver threads that had cradled her baby and placed them where she held her treasures.
Just as she had finished putting the treasure box away, many of the women in the village came to her home with gifts of clothing and items that were often presented to new mothers and their babies. Much fuss was made over the new child, yet it could not go unnoticed how different she was from the other babies in the village. Her skin was fair, while the skin of others was the color of amber; her hair shimmered with golden lights, while others had hair black as night. Yet she was so beautiful, the women could not take their eyes off of her.
There was something special about this child, and anyone that saw her felt it. Though she had one new mother, every woman in the village wanted to hold her and be near her. A feeling of peace and serenity resonated when one held her. It was difficult to pull away from this tiny bundle. Just one look into her blue eyes, and she captured your heart and soul!
She also was a very quiet baby, and when she and her new mother sat in the old rocking chair, close to the flickering fire, looking into each other's eyes, there was an understanding. It appeared they could read each other's minds. Morven and her mother had an instant bond that grew stronger and stronger.

Growing Up in the Village
At the age most children would be talking, few words were spoken between Morven and her mother, but that was never a problem for either of them, for they seemed to speak on a level beyond the spoken word. Of course, this caused much talk in the village. They never admitted to conversing this way, but how else would some of their behavior be explained? Morven would be playing quietly out on the knoll as the other children romped and chased each other, then suddenly get up and say to the others, "I have to go home now. My mother needs me." The children thought her strange but enjoyed being around her anyway. Some just sat around her quietly, just to be in her presence.
One young boy in the village especially took to her. They would often sit together near the shore. Conversation was minimal as they sat on boulders, looking out at the endless waters. He was the only son of one of the fisherman on the other side of the village, and his parents felt a bit uneasy about their closeness, but he was a good child, and he seemed drawn to Morven, so they continued to permit his visits with her. Orin was a very gentle boy, often stopping in the meadow to pick Morven flowers to put in her hair. They stayed close all through their young years. It would not be long before the two of them would be joining in the festival. Everyone in the village knew Morven would pick Orin as her mate. They became inseparable, spending most of their time near the water's edge.
Orin grew to be a strong lad, able to handle his father's fishing boat on the open waters while the other crew pulled in the nets. Everyone knew he would become one of the best boatmen in the village, and every time he went out to fish, they came back with the most and biggest fish of the day. Good fortune seemed to follow him on the water, no matter where they sailed. He would make a fine husband for any young woman in the village, but his heart was with Morven. When he was ashore, others always knew that where one was, the other would also be. And so it was.
The time had almost come for Morven to enter the circle at the festival and choose her mate. Her mother prepared her dress with ribbons from her dress and her mother's dress. When she was finished, she had Morven try it on one last time before adding the final touches. Everything fit perfectly. The night before the festival, after Morven went to sleep, her mother took the dress out to the kitchen to add just one more thing to it. She tiptoed to her box, where she kept her treasured things, and removed a few of the silver threads that had been wrapped around Morven on that day on the shore.
The moon was nearly full and shone brightly through the open window onto the dress. Morven's mother wove the silver threads through much of the fabric and then held it up in the moonlight. The dress itself began to illuminate the room. Tears began to flow down her cheeks, burning her soft skin. She knew then that someday she would lose Morven too.
The sun rose in the village, and many were already preparing the site for the festival. One would think an event like this had never happened before, but the event had been going on for as long as anyone could remember. Tables were set with flowers, and dishes of family specialties were placed around the center. The center was always prepared by the most successful family in the village, which meant the best fishermen. This festival's center dish was brought by Orin's family. It was from a great catch from the nets on their last trip to the endless waters.
Excitement spread in the village as the festival started. First was the great feast, but of course what everyone was waiting for was the gathering of the young men and women on the knoll. As it had always been, the young men and their families took their places first. Then, when the moon was high in the night sky, the young girls began to enter the circle one by one. As each one entered, she chose her mate, and then she stood in front of the young man and his family.
Morven was the oldest and thus entered the circle first. The moon appeared to be shining a ring of silver around her every move. No one could take their eyes off her beauty and the way her dress captured the moonlight. Only Morven and her mother knew the secret of the silver threads in her dress, and they never told a single person, for fear their own secret would be revealed.
As Morven made her way around the circle, the drums played the ceremonial beat. Without hesitation, she stepped in front of Orin's family. Orin stood to take her hand, and they both sat with his family. It was done! Orin and Morven would be joined.
Orin and his father had already started building a home that would someday be Orin's. His father wanted him to build it next to his own home, but Orin wanted it to be closer to the water's edge, where he and Morven spent most of their time together. He knew Morven would be happier if she was close to the endless waters. He didn't know why, and it did not matter. All he cared about was making her happy. They loved each other in a very special way.
The home was finally finished, and Morven and her mother carried things she would need to start her new life with Orin to the new home. There were tears of joy and sadness from both Morven and her mother, yet they knew they would still be very close and could communicate with each other at any time. Of course, mother and daughter were not far from each other either, since they each of them lived not far from view of the endless waters. Yet it would not be the same. Morven loved her mother, but it was time to be with her mate.
A year went by, and many of the young couples had a child by then. But Morven and Orin did not. It never seemed to bother either of them. Orin continued to be very successful with his fishing, and Morven continued her vigils at the water's edge each day. She was not one to sit by the shore in the evening, waiting for her husband's boat to appear, like many of the other women of the village. Just before his fishing boat would appear, she would brush out her long, golden hair and put on a fresh dress and slowly walk to greet him. She seemed to always know when he was about to return, no matter when it was.
One day, she asked if she could accompany him on the boat. It was unheard of for a woman to go out on the endless waters. They were like no other couple in the village. They seemed to dance to their own song. So Morven packed a basket with fresh fruit, salted fish, and bread she had made filled with herbs from their garden behind the house. She made a special tea from herbs she gathered at the water's edge to take on the special trip.
That day would be just the two of them, alone on Orin's boat. There would be no fishing. Morven always felt safe with Orin, but on the water she felt at home. There was something about the water that comforted her, yet something about it pulled at her too. Her mother had shared with her of the day she had come to her on the shore. She felt maybe that was why she was drawn to it.
Orin and Morven spent the entire day on the water, letting the boat drift in and out of the waves, letting the current carry them. Orin was the best boatman in the village, and he knew when it was time to return to shore. The boat drifted into a small cove near an island offshore. They set anchor there for a short time. Morven dove into the water and Orin followed, yet he could not keep pace with her in the water. She felt alive in the water, diving to depths Orin dared not follow and then rushing to the surface again. They laughed and played like children again. As the moon began to drop, Orin insisted they start their journey back to the village. Morven reluctantly came back into the boat, but she knew she would return to the water.
Soon after their journey on the endless waters, Morven was with child. They had a baby girl. The two of them showered her with love. As she grew older, Morven grew more and more restless to get back to the deep waters again. When their daughter reached the time of the festival, Morven, like her mother, made the dress for her daughter to wear. She had saved the piece of her dress with the silver threads and sewed it into her own daughter's dress.
Time went by, and Morven's daughter had a daughter. Morven felt the passing of time, and each day, she felt more pulled to the endless waters. Orin knew he had to take her one last time onto the deep waters. They spent the night holding each other for what would be their last time together. Both of them knew in their hearts, but there was not a mention of it that night.
Early the next morning, Morven went to her daughter's home and kissed her and her granddaughter one more time. Then she and Orin set out on the deep waters past the cove where they had once played. The boat stopped, and they sat for a long time, just watching the water in the cool air. Then the waters began to churn, and the waves started to crash against the boat. They softly kissed each other one last time.
From under the water, they saw a beautiful woman with long, silver hair and pale blue eyes reach her hand to Morven. Morven reached out and took her hand, and then she disappeared. Orin sat quietly for a long time, hoping beyond hope she would return, but she was gone. He lay in the boat, tears streaming down his face until he fell asleep.
When he awoke, he was on the shore near the village. The villagers carried him home and laid him to rest in his sleeping loft. That night, he drifted off to sleep, never to awaken again.

10
Willow and the Water People
Willow could not see through the darkness of the deep waters; however, she could feel arms around her and felt secure. It seemed as though she would never reach the bottom of the endless waters, yet as they dove deeper and deeper, Willow felt lighter and lighter. Suddenly, the arms of Ellura released her. Both of them drifted for a moment, and then Willow heard the soft whisper of a voice calling her to follow. How can this be? she thought. She was far beneath the water's crest, and yet she could move with the ease of fish. She could hear the voices of others in her mind calling to her, beckoning her closer to a glowing light that shone deep in the waters. Ellura and Willow stayed close to each other as they drew nearer the light.
As they reached the burning light, suddenly, the endless waters opened up a gateway to the most beautiful sight Willow had ever seen. She felt as though she had been there before, maybe in a dream. There were many like her with long, golden hair and eyes as blue as the waters and skin of soft pearl.
Several of them drew near and just smiled and nodded their heads. They parted, and an old woman with long, golden and silver hair approached her, reached out her hand, and spoke to her through her mind. "Welcome, granddaughter." Willow's eyes brightened and her heart felt as though it would jump out of her body. They were true—all of the stories she had heard.
She had so many questions. The first was, Who this woman? The old woman told her, "I am Morven, your great-great-grandmother. I will tell you much more, but first you must rest."
Willow thought, How can I rest? There is so much I want to know. She had forgotten how she communicated with her mind. She heard Morven's voice say, "We will have much time later, and all your questions will be answered."
Ellura motioned to Willow to follow; they drifted through the waters to a cave, where Ellura guided her through the entrance. There were beds of soft seaweed to rest on, but Willow did not think she could sleep. As she lay her head down on the seaweed, Ellura stroked her head for a moment, and Willow drifted off to sleep. Her dreams took her back to the first moment she had encountered Ellura as she gazed into the water; even then she knew there was something pulling her, something she could not explain. A part of her belonged to this world Ellura lived in.
Soon Willow awakened from her rest with Morven sitting beside her. She looked up at her and spoke aloud, "Where am I, and why am I here?"
Morven sat back against the coral chair and began to tell Willow of the promise that was made so long ago. "Dear child, your great-great-great-grandmother was given a child by the people of the endless waters to raise as her own with the promise that someday a child would be returned to the water people—a child who possessed the gift of vision, the gift of communicating with the ancients, one who would bridge the land people with the people of the deep waters. We knew when you came to the water's edge you were the one! You were able to see Ellura, the woman who watches over all the people of the deep waters and the one who has watched over your land family since the beginning. Ellura was the one who presented your great-great-great-grandmother a child after she lost her husband to the deep waters. I am that child.
"Your family has been guarded from the storms and the beasts of the sea that claimed many who ventured out to the deep waters. The women in your family have long had the gift of speaking without tongue. This is the way of the water people. We have waited and listened for so long for you to come of age and return to us. We will speak of this more at another time, but for now, it is time to present you to your sea family."
Willow and Morven slipped back into the deep waters and glided through the water with the ease of light. Willow noticed this came so naturally to her, and she wondered how this was possible. It was as though she had always known how.
They entered a garden of coral and trees of seaweed that swirled endlessly about as the water people came nearer to greet her. The garden was filled with water fairies sitting on top of giant shells of pearls they had harvested from the willing clams that rested on rocks, from seaweed dancing in rhythm to the water's currents, and from sea creatures that glowed in the deep waters, gliding in and out of the water's forest. Willow was in awe of this magical place as she spun around to capture all the glorious sights. She began to feel a bit dizzy when Ellura came near and gently reached for her hand. Again Willow was taken by the beauty of this being with long, silver hair and skin that appeared to illuminate as she made her way through the deep waters
Ellura spoke to Willow with her mind, urging her to come into the circle, where she would meet her water people. One by one, they entered and bowed in honor as they were introduced to Willow. Each one was more radiant than any being she had ever seen. After all the introductions were made, Ellura and Willow glided off, away from the others, through the darkness of the water.
Soon Willow noticed a light in the distance that became brighter and brighter as they drew near. There was a large, golden gate that slowly opened as Ellura spoke. The two of them entered through the gate into a beam of light, and both were suspended and then circled higher and higher into the vortex of light. In what seemed to be a blink of an eye, they emerged on the surface, where the water met the sky.
Ellura wanted Willow to know the passageway between the water and land people and why it was important for her to understand their connection. Ellura told her of a story of long ago, when the land people knew nothing of the existence of her people. There was famine and drought on the land, and no children were being born. The men were dying and could no longer fish for the village.
One night, the youngest daughter in the village slipped out in the night to her father's boat and headed out to the deep waters. She knew nothing of fishing but felt compelled to try, for without food from the waters, they would all soon perish. She cast her nets over and over, but got nothing in return. She felt hopeless, knowing she could not return to home without a catch to feed her family and villagers.
She sat on the edge of the boat and wept. Her tears cascaded into the water; her moans could be heard to the very depths of the endless waters. Her cries were heard by the son of the water queen. He slipped away from the deep waters toward the vortex of light that carried him to the surface. He saw the young girl sitting there, weeping. He drew nearer and nearer to her. She was so different from anyone he had ever seen. Her hair was as dark as the night and her skin the color of the coral near the shore. Her eyes were dark but gentle. He was captured by her beauty.
He swiftly glided closer and closer, and just as he approached the boat, the young girl threw herself into the water and tumbled in the waves. She started to sink into the deep, cold waters. He darted toward the girl, catching her in his arms. He gently brought her back to the surface and placed her limp body on the deck of the boat. He sat beside her for a long while until she slowly opened her eyes.
She sat up in amazement, wondering how she had gotten back on the boat. She looked around and suddenly saw the most amazing young man sitting next her. She was captured by his beauty and gentleness. They sat there talking for quite a long time. She shared with him the difficulties of her village. She told him she could not go back without a catch in the nets. What was she to do? He asked her to remain in the boat until he returned. He entered the vortex and disappeared into the waters.
She waited for what seemed like a long time. She lay down on a blanket on the deck of the boat and drifted off to sleep. When she awoke, her nets were pulling at the boat. She struggled to pull them in and noticed they were full. When all the fish were aboard, she collapsed again. This time, when she awakened, the boat was resting on the shore, and the villagers were gathered around her. "How did this happen?" asked her father.
When she tried to tell them what had happened, she could not speak a word. From that day on, each time her father went into the deep waters to fish, he returned with full nets. So did his sons and his sons' sons.
Ellura told Willow of the guardians of the villagers and how this vortex of light was the passage between the two worlds, and that someday she too would travel between these worlds through this light. As quickly as they ascended, they descended back to the deep waters.
Exhausted by her experience with Ellura, Willow collapsed onto the bed of seaweed and drifted off into a deep sleep. She dreamed of her land family and missed them but felt this was her home. She felt she'd always been here, or at least had been meant to be here. She tried to speak to her mother with her mind to ease her pain and worry, yet she could not hear her.
She felt a gentle brush against her skin, which awakened her. Morven was sitting with her, and once again the sense of calm and comfort came over her.
"Why am I here?" she asked Morven. "Will I ever see my mother and family again?"
Morven stroked her hair and smiled. "Come," she said.
They drifted back through the coral forest, where the others were. "This is your home, and we too are your family! You are the one who will unite our worlds. You can ease the fear of those on land who see us as the ones who steal their loved ones from their boats and separate them from their families. It is not the water people that take them away. This is not an easy task, but it is your destiny and your calling!"
"Why me?" Willow asked.
"All in good time," Morven answered.
As the two drifted deeper into the endless waters and beyond the realm of the group, the glow from Morven's golden hair illuminated the path in the darkness. Willow felt so at ease and at home. She drifted further and further into this unknown world before she realized Morven was no longer with her and she was alone. She felt startled, and a slight sense of fear arose in her. She became still in the water, but her hair swirled with the current. She allowed her body to drift with the current with a feeling of calmness yet anticipation. Where am I? Will anyone know where I am?
Willow allowed herself to be carried by the current, yet wondered why she was not afraid. Occasionally, she thought she saw something or someone out of the corner of her eye, just outside the illumination of her path in the shadows. As she drifted further, she felt a slight tug on her hair. She turned, but nothing was there. Soon it happened again. She whirled around, and there was a face of a young man with hair of golden strands like her own and gentle, crystal-blue eyes. Then he was gone. Or at least she thought he had been there, but in the shadows, it might have been her imagination. Her whole world was filled with images of things she couldn't even imagine before. It was almost too much for her to process.
She began to feel exhausted again. Out of the darkness, she felt the hand of Ellura, and she drifted off to sleep. This time in her sleep, she heard her mother calling her name. She answered her and began to tell her what was happening. Her mother said, "Since the day you were born, I knew you were the one, and you would have to return to the endless waters of the ancient ones. Be well, my precious daughter."
Willow awakened and found herself nestled in the soft, flowing seaweed once again. She could still hear her mother's voice.
Morven was sitting by her side. "Did you enjoy your adventure?" she asked Willow.
Willow replied, "I did, but I wasn't sure that what I thought I was seeing or feeling was real."
Morven smiled and said, "Oh, it was real."
Morven took Willow to Ellura and told her it was time. Willow looked into the deep blue eyes of Morven and through her mind asked, "Time for what?" Morven vanished into the waters behind the caves. Ellura drifted through the waters with Willow with ease, as if they both had done it a thousand times before. Willow was unable to speak—or just knew she shouldn't.
In what seemed to a blink of eye, they were both at the gate, the entrance with the amazing beam of light that seemed to have no beginning or end. Ellura motioned to Willow to enter. Willow turned once more to speak to her, but she too had vanished. As she entered the light, she looked back one more time. There stood the young man she thought she had seen before. He looked so magnificent. His skin had a glow that nearly matched that of Ellura, his hair was as golden as the light, and his penetrating crystal-blue eyes caught hers before he too vanished. In an instant, Willow was in the cove near her land home once again, but the image of the young man remained implanted in her memory. She knew she would not forget him, and she wondered if she would ever see him again.

11
Willow lay on the beach near her village, thinking about what she would tell her family and friends and if they would ever believe her. Suddenly, all she could think about was the grief her family must be feeling. As she moved to get up from the rock near the shore, she looked around her, and there stood her mother with tears of joy streaming down her face. She knelt in gratitude. She was sure she would never see her daughter again, but then in the night, she had thought she heard her daughter's voice calling her. Yes, it was her voice and the voices of the water people telling her to come to the shore for Willow's return.
Willow jumped up and then fell to the ground, realizing she wasn't gliding through the water anymore and had to move a bit slower. Her mother reached down and helped her up. The two embraced and sat on the shore together, not speaking, but communicating in their own language.
Willow wanted to tell her mother everything that happened. Audra said, "I know, I know. I'm just so glad you are here with me now." Willow asked her mother how long she had been gone because for her it seemed like a lifetime, or at least weeks. Audra said, "Several days."
As they slowly walked up the shoreline toward the village, Willow's sisters, brother, and father rushed to her. Soon the entire village rushed in. They thought for sure the endless waters had claimed another one of their own. They were so glad to see her alive, it didn't dawn on them to ask her how she had survived and returned to the shore. Willow's family rushed her home. Her father put her into her loft, and she drifted off to sleep.
After everyone had gone to sleep and Willow was well rested, she lay in her loft, wondering if it had all been a dream. Could such a place and the beings that she thought she had seen really exist? As she laid her hand across her chest, she felt the shell with the silver threading still around her neck. She clutched it in her hand and felt the coolness of the deep waters and smelled the seaweed that had embraced her as she slept on the cave's edge near the coral forest. Yes, this was real.
Soon the rest of her family would be up, and she was sure to be questioned on what had happened to her and how she had gotten back to shore after the endless waters swept her away. What would she tell them? She couldn't tell them what really happened, but she was not accustomed to lying.
She could smell the sweetness of the morning meal filled with berries and oats and some of her mother's "secret" ingredients coming from the pot over the fire that her parents had prepared the night before. Whoever arose first would swing the pot over the burning embers.
Little did any of them know that Willow's mother had not gone to sleep that night. She was so happy Willow had returned to her safely, but she wondered how she would explain it to the villagers.
Willow was the first one up and went into the kitchen to sit with her mother. She waited cautiously to see if she would ask her about what she had seen and experienced. Audra greeted her with a warm cup of milk and asked if she'd slept well. Willow replied, "Yes, I slept well." Nothing else was said.
The rest of the family slowly shuffled in for the morning meal. They gathered around the table and drank their warm milk, then ate the bowl of cooked oats and berries. Raven was the first to ask. "How did you live through being swept off the rocks and into the endless waters, and you aren't even scratched?"
Seth chimed in, as did the twins. "What happened to you in the waters? Did you become part of the endless waters and then return to life? Are you really alive?"
"Enough of that," her father said. "We may never know what happened. We are just grateful the endless waters spared her and returned her to us. Let that be the end of it."
Willow looked over at her mother, and she could tell by the look in her eyes that she knew. How could she not know what had happened to her beneath the endless waters? After all, she could hear Willow's every thought.
It seemed as though life in the village continued as normal after that, but Willow wondered what they must be talking about behind her back or if they even gave it another thought at all. She never heard another word from anyone about her ordeal.
But the question did arise. Would Willow return on the next full-moon ceremony, which was nearly a year away, to pick a mate, or would she become an old lady without one? After all, she would then be past her prime by villagers' standards. Willow was glad she didn't have to face that anytime soon.
As the weeks went by, Willow became more withdrawn from village life and her old friends and stayed close to her mother and sisters. She knew not to go near the shore while anyone was watching and didn't want to upset her parents. But again the urge to return became stronger and stronger.
At night, she would dream of the water people: Morven, Ellura, and the face of the young man that she had seen. Some nights, she would awaken in a sweat and realize it was because, in her dreams, she was close to him. The feelings that came over her were not feelings she'd ever experienced before. She longed to see him again.
One evening, she saw her mother sitting out in the moonlight in her rocking chair. She slowly approached and put a blanket around Audra's shoulders, as she had so often done. Her mother reached up and held her hand and spoke to her the silent language only she and Willow could hear. "Come sit with me, my daughter."
Willow knelt beside her mother in the moonlight. She looked into her mother's eyes, and they were filled with tears. "What's wrong, Mother?" Audra smiled at Willow and communicated with her; she knew everything that happened to her, the places she'd been, and the water people. She knew of her experience with her great-great-grandmother Morven. "I have known this time would come when the call would be too great and you would return to the other side of who you are. You are also of the water people of the endless waters, and with the coming of your womanhood, you will choose a mate from that world."
Willow could not speak. She didn't completely understand what her mother was saying, yet she agreed the pull to return was getting stronger. "I cannot leave you, Mother."
Audra squeezed her hand and smiled with the tears still cascading down her cheeks. "You must, and you will. It was promised so long ago. I told you the story of the woman that was given the baby by the endless waters. Well, it was said that a day would come when the gift would be returned. A chosen one would be born that would return and help her people. You, my precious daughter, are that one. It is written in the stars that you will return, and I have heard the calls at night for you. Remember, I am part of that blood also and can hear the wind and waves whisper your name. My heart is saddened, but I cannot hold you back from what and who you really are. My love for you will always keep us near to one another." Willow could feel her eyes well up with tears too, because she knew her mother was right. The pull was almost too strong, and she knew she must return soon.

12
Willow fought the intense urge she had to return to the shore and back to the cove where she had entered through the light beam on her return from the water people. Each day, she carried on with her daily chores and spent long hours with her mother and sisters as her father and brother spent more time fishing.
One evening, after all had crawled into their sleeping lofts and she was sure they were asleep; she pulled back the curtain on her loft and eased out. She headed toward the kitchen to retreat out the back door toward the shore. Her mother stood there and without words said farewell to her daughter. They embraced, and Willow ran to the shore. She turned back to see her mother in the moonlight and could barely stand the idea of leaving her, but the pull was too strong. In the distance, she silently called out to her, "I love you, Mother," and her mother called back, "Be well, my daughter. I love you also."
Willow watched her mother standing on the hillside for a moment, then walked toward the cove. She hesitated for a while, reflecting on her life on land. She knew if she left, it would never be the same. Could she really abandon her life, her family, and all she had ever known for something she was unsure of? She knew she had to return to the endless waters and find what lay ahead for her. She had no choice; it was meant to be.
Willow waded out as far as she could, then plunged into the icy waters. At first it took her breath away, and she could see nothing, feel nothing. Had she made a mistake? Was this what she was really meant to do, or was it a childish fantasy. The waters rushed around her body, slapping at her tender skin, stinging with each slap. Her head began to spin, and soon she couldn't tell up from down. Her arms seemed frozen, and she struggled to move them. Her legs became heavy. She felt herself succumbing to the power of the current. She had lost all control and felt helpless. She wondered if she would become a victim of the power of the endless waters. She struggled to get control and for a brief moment she thought maybe she could make it back to the surface. Finally, she gave in to her fate. "OK, if this is it, so be it."
The waters around her became darker and darker, and she felt heavier as the water was in total control of her every movement. It seemed as though she was sinking. Darkness took over...
Just as she began to lose consciousness, Willow saw the beam of light coming nearer and nearer. She only needed to reach out her hand and touch it, but she couldn't move. She felt a gentle touch on her arm and the soft caressing of silver strands of hair against her cheek. She looked to her side. Ellura! She thought she would collapse into her arms, yet strength came over her, and she glided into the light with no effort at all. She and Ellura swirled effortlessly down the channel of light. She saw the golden gate, and her heart felt the warmth of one who had found a lost love one.
The golden gate opened, and Willow was home, home with her water people, home where she was meant to be—in the endless waters.

13
Audra sat night after night in her rocking chair, staring out across the endless waters, hoping or maybe wishing it all had been a just a bad dream and Willow would return from an evening with her friends as she had done as a child, sneak up behind her, and place a shawl around her.
Life went back to what seemed to be normal in the village, but often there would be talk. "What happened to Willow? Was she taken by the endless waters? Did she leave the village with someone from another village?"
As time went on, life resumed the same patterns as always. Families gathered around their tables in the morning, planning the day's events, and in the evenings they'd reflect together on the day's events. When the moon was right, the men would leave in their fishing boats and often be gone for days if there was a big catch to bring back. If the catch was really abundant, it was shared with those who did not have a good yield or with the old ones in the village who had no families to provide for them.
Mothers continued the raising of the children, grooming their sons to care for their own families someday and their daughters to be strong in themselves so when the day came to pick a mate, they would pick the best provider. Raven was maturing fast, and it wouldn't be long before it was her time to take her turn around the circle to choose a mate. But for now she helped her mother care for the twins.
Audra grieved the loss of Willow and became withdrawn and ill. Days went by without her eating. She became so weak, she could barely care for her own needs, never mind care for children. She knew Willow had no choice and had to go; it was promised. It was the reason the villagers were so successful when the boats went out and returned with their nets laden with fish. Audra knew the truth but could not share it with anyone. It was a secret only she and Willow shared. And now Willow was gone, and she was left alone with that knowledge.
She rocked in her rocking chair in the moonlight each evening, hoping to hear Willow call out to her, but the only sounds she heard were of wind and the crashing waves. Occasionally, she thought she heard laughter, but it was only the sounds of the night and not her Willow speaking to her in the way only they could.
If only she could know Willow was OK; knowing she was happy would mean the world to her. If only they could still communicate the way they once did, even between the two worlds. Tears began to stream down Audra's face in her desperate attempt to call out to Willow. Raven came up behind her and gently put a shawl around her shoulders. For a moment, she thought it was Willow, and then she noticed it was Raven. Have I forgotten I still have children at home who love and need me? She thought. Is this what Willow would want for me to do—sit and mourn? No!
She turned to Raven, gently took her hand, and stood up and walked with her back to the house. She called the girls into the kitchen from their lofts. Seth was with his father fishing and would not be back for a few more days.
"My daughters, I am so sorry. I love you all and have been so distant since Willow has been gone. Please forgive me." They all hugged their mother. Audra fixed a big pot of warm milk with honey, and they sat together at the table and shared the day's events once again. When the children returned to their lofts, Audra kissed each one and pulled the curtains of their lofts. And they drifted off to sleep.
Audra too climbed into her loft and pulled her curtain. The moon was bright, and she thought of her husband and son on this moonlit night and hoped they would be looking at the same moon she was—her way of connecting with them.
Soon Audra drifted off to sleep—a deep sleep, yet such visions filled her sleep. She dreamed of a bright forest with what seemed to be rock trees without any leaves and water that flowed freely through them and strange creatures weaving in and out in the forest. Strange as it seemed, it was calming.
Then her dreams changed to a vision of her husband and son on their boat. Creatures drifted around the bottom of the boat as if to herd the fish into the nets as Nyle and Seth slept. For a moment, she thought she saw someone under the endless waters with long, golden hair that swished as if blown by the winds yet under the water with such grace and ease. Her whole body seemed to sway with this image of being under the water, as though it was herself in the water.
The next morning, she was up early but could not get the vision of her dreams out of her mind. Such beauty and grace and joy radiated from Audra that morning. The children told her she looked so much younger; she must have had a very good night's sleep. Audra smiled and said, "Yes, I did."
That morning's meal was filled with fresh berries and oats covered in warm milk and honey, which was normally set aside for special occasions. "What are we celebrating, Mother?" Nara asked.
"We are celebrating being together. I love you all with all my heart," Audra said. "But we have much to do to get ready, for your father and Seth will be returning with a very large catch this day."
"How do you know this, Mother?" Ciara asked.
"I just do," replied Audra.
Audra could not remember all of her vision from the night before, but there was something about it that made her come alive again inside. Something gave her back her strong will and purpose. It was up to her to keep her family together and well while her husband was out on the endless waters. But it was more than that, and she wasn't quite sure what it was, but her spirit was lifted for the first time since Willow had left. It was a knowing of something good, although she was not sure what that might be.
The children were each given their chores that day. Now that Raven was the oldest daughter at home, she carried more responsibility and care for her younger sisters. She made sure they were dressed each day and walked with them to the gardens to gather fresh food, since they were still young and often made mistakes and bring home food not yet ripened. Raven accompanied them to make sure they could identify what was ripe and what needed to stay longer for its full freshness. Then they would walk to the edge of the forest to gather fresh herbs for their mother to use in the day's meal as well as to stock her medicinal pots.
When they returned, it was time for the midday meal, which was berries and nuts and greens from the garden. There was a sense of excitement once again in the household, and everyone could feel it. After their meal, Audra sent Raven to the smokehouse to make room for the catch that would soon be there. Raven did not question her mother's request; she went out and rearranged the meat and fish that had been drying for some time. Some had been crusted in salt harvested from the endless waters and placed on the back racks for special events in the village. Raven had cleared much of the racks by layering the salted fish and hanging some of the meat.
Nara and Ciara crushed dried herbs that Raven brought in from the drying racks to put into clay pots for their mother. Audra sent the girls to pick fresh flowers to place at the entrance and on the kitchen table. She spent all day tending to things that had long needed to be fixed, mended, and cleaned. She wanted her boys to return to a home that reflected the love she felt for her family.
As the day became late afternoon, the girls were exhausted but felt the same excitement their mother felt. Audra had fish and vegetables cooking in the large pot that swung over the fire. The embers were hot but not flaming. It simmered the stew the way only their mother knew how to do. The aroma not only lingered through the house but drifted through the open door into the path that led up to the house.
Audra gathered her children and walked down to the water's edge. It was the first time she had gone there since Willow had left. As they approached the knoll where Audra had said good-bye to Willow, she paused. She could see the whole event again as if it were the day before. She briefly felt sorrow, then another feeling of joy. She wasn't sure why.
Nara cried out, "I see father's boat—they're coming!" Audra's thoughts returned to the present. They rushed to the shore and stood as the boat came closer and closer. It seemed smaller than they remembered, yet it had only been a few days.
The boat came closer and closer. Then they could see Seth waving, and soon Nyle reached up and waved. The girls were so excited—especially for their father and brother to see what they had done to the house in preparation for their return.
As the boat came near the shore, Nyle stopped and lowered the smaller boat they carried aboard. He rowed to shore and left Seth on the fishing boat. Audra and girls were confused as to why he had left the boat offshore. He landed on shore and jumped out, running to greet his family. He appeared more excited than they were. How could he possibly know the surprise they had for him?
"Raven, get some of the villagers. We will need help with our catch." Without saying a word, Raven turned and raced back into the village.
"Dear wife, come see what has happened." Audra left the girls on shore and rowed out to the fishing boat with her husband. Her eyes grew wide with shock. The boat was heavy with the biggest catch she had ever seen. Though she was shocked, there was a small part of her that knew. But how did she know? How could she have known this happened, and yet she had been preparing for it all day? Such a bounty would feed the entire village for months.
They looked back to the shore and saw the villagers coming over the knoll. They all waited on the shore, wondering what the urgency was. Audra and Nyle approached them with the news, and soon the villagers rowed their boats out to aid in bringing the catch back to the village. The fish were loaded onto tables in the center of the village in big, hand-woven baskets. Each family filled baskets with fish and delivered shares to the old ones. Many of the women stayed with the old ones to salt and hang the fish to dry, then returned to fill their baskets for their homes. Never had any of them seen such a catch. Certainly, this was a reason to celebrate. A big feast was planned for them to give thanks for the abundance.
Audra linked her arm with Nyle's as they all returned to their home. The stew she had started early that morning had simmered on the embers all day, waiting for Nyle and Seth to return. She had most of her family home safe, and that was good.
After the meal, when everyone had retired to their lofts, Audra returned to her rocking chair before going to bed with Nyle. In the still of the night, with the moon full, there was calmness in the air. She rocked for a few moments, thinking of the past two days. She reflected on the vision she'd had in her dream, the awakening of her spirit once again, and her knowing the catch would be full. How did she know?
She sat very still, and she could hear the gentle waves coming to shore below the knoll. She felt a pull to stroll down to the water's edge but knew she needed to return to the loft with Nyle that night. She stood up from her rocking chair, and as she turned to enter the house, she felt the wind gently brush her cheek, almost as though it were giving her a good-night kiss. She smiled and went into the house and retired to the loft with Nyle.
The next morning came quickly with much to do to get ready for the feast and put up the catch. The catch would sustain the entire family for many months. Nyle would not have to return to the endless waters during the thrashing waves, which had taken men from their boats, never to be seen again. She was grateful for that and happy her family would have much time together.
The girls were sent to the gardens to pick ripe squash and to the forest for greens that lined the marshes. The ones closest to the marsh were the most flavorful. Of course, it never failed that the twins would return home with mud up to their knees. It was a good excuse to play in the spring afterward as they attempting to clean themselves.
Raven and her mother picked a large fish for the feast and rubbed it with the fresh herbs they foraged the day before. It was as though her mother knew she would need them. Sometimes Raven wondered how her mother knew things, but she would not dare inquire. Some things were just meant to be left alone, and that was one of them.

14
Everyone was getting ready for bed after such an exhausting day of preparation for the feast for the morrow. Raven had put the twins into their lofts. The girls giggled for a while and then drifted off to sleep. Seth and his father spent the day cleaning the nets and laying them out to dry, then returned to the fishing boat to put everything back into place and tie the boat up. The boat had to be ready for the time when the fish were expected to migrate again. Of course, with that catch, the men were in no hurry to rush back to the endless waters, especially this season. The waves were high and the current strong, which made it difficult to handle the nets, so a long rest was welcomed. Soon they came up from the shore and had their evening milk and honey, and then they too retreated to their lofts.
Nyle called out to Audra to come to bed. She called back to him, "Soon, my dear." She sat awhile and then approached the loft. She could hear the gentle breathing of Nyle, who had fallen deep into sleep. Audra slipped out to her rocking chair for a while to enjoy the cool evening breezes.
Audra surrendered to the gentle rocking and the breezes that caressed her face, and soon drifted off to sleep, still sitting up in her rocking chair under the full moon. Again, she visited the place of her dreams a few nights ago. This strange but magnificent place beneath the endless waters captivated her. It was filled with the vision of beautiful creatures she couldn't even imagine in her waking time. Even the water rushing through the strange, magical forest of multicolored rocks created a deep, penetrating, yet soothing flow that rippled through her with delight and awe. What a mysterious place her vision sought to conjure up!
As she traveled in her vision through that magical place beneath the endless waters, she thought she heard a familiar yet different sound. Was it just the sound of the water? It became clearer and clearer...No, it was a voice she knew so well. It was the voice she had heard in her mind since the day this child was born. It was Willow's voice. I know it must be she who is calling out to me!
Then Audra awakened. "Yes, it was Willow. It was not a dream—it was real! My precious daughter is trying to reach me." Audra did not feel alarmed in any way. She felt a joy and hope that maybe, just maybe, she would be able to see her again—and, if not, at least communicate in the way only they could.
The moon was dropping in the night sky. Soon it would be morning, and there was much to do, so Audra slipped into the loft to rest. She could not forget the sounds and the visions of what she had experienced that evening, but she knew she had to be there for her family in the morrow.
It seemed she had just drifted off to sleep when she heard the sound of the children and smelled the pot of oats and berries. She jumped from her bed and raced into the kitchen, ready to pull the morning meal together, but much to her delight and surprise, Raven had the bowls full on the table. The twins were dressed and seated. Seth and Nyle were gathering wood to keep the fire going to prepare the meal for the feast. They had already eaten and had started the day of chores.
Audra joined the girls at the table, and Raven served her. "I knew you would be tired, and I wanted to help you, Mother."
Audra reached up, squeezed her hand, and said, "You are a good and gracious daughter. You will make a wonderful mother yourself someday soon."

The Feast
Everyone began to gather in the center of the village to celebrate Nyle's abundant catch. Of course, Audra and Nyle brought the herb-crusted fish that were laid down the center of the tables. The villagers brought dishes filled with vegetables grown in the gardens and pies of fresh berries. The feast was giving gratitude to the spirits of the endless waters for providing the village with such a catch.
The villagers ate and played their musical instruments made from the reed that grew along the edges of the marshes. Some made joyful, playful sounds, and others played haunting sounds near the end of the day.
As the evening continued with much talk of the catch, children sat beneath the tables, giggling. Some curled up near their mothers' long skirts, sleepy from the day's events. Audra slipped off to her rocking chair that overlooked the waters. She could not get caught up in all the gaiety when her spirit was elsewhere.
The sun slowly dropped into the endless waters as the moon began to rise. She could hear the night birds start their haunting sound, which echoed through the cliffs and trees along the shoreline. Would she ever see her Willow again, or had she become one of the water people and no longer yearned for her family on the land? A tear fell from her eye and stung her cheek. The night air became chilly, but she could not go in yet. Not if there was any hope Willow would speak to her.
She felt the strong but gentle hand of Nyle touch her shoulder and she turned her head to him and said, "I'll be in soon." He knelt by her side and stroked her flowing, black hair. "There is no hurry, my sweet wife. I know why you are here. You are still grieving the loss of Willow."
"Yes," she said.
He stood up, gently pulled her up to him, and wrapped his arms around her to keep her warm from the chilling wind. "I believe you will see her again someday," he said.
She looked up at him. "Why would you think that?"
He told her of a dream he'd had of her walking up the shoreline. "It was from a distance, but it was our Willow—I know this in my heart."
She smiled up at him and sunk into his arms. They returned to the house, retired to their loft, and melted into each other's arms as they drifted off to sleep.

15
Willow awakened from her bed of seaweed after what seemed a lifetime of slumber. For a brief moment, she was not sure if she had awakened from her loft at home with her mother or here in what was surely a dream. It didn't take long for her to realize she was here in the world of the water people.
In her slumber the night before, she thought she'd heard the sounds of the reed flutes echo through the waters from the land. It was a sound she'd heard so many times before and reminded her of when her father had returned from his days of fishing and playing the deep—haunting sounds as he neared the shore. It was a sound her mother would wait for. Whenever she heard it, she knew that all was well, and her family would soon be together safely.
Although Willow missed her family, she felt a kinship with the people of the water. She felt this was where she belonged. They understood her. And after all, her great-great-grandmother was there, and she would teach her about the ways of the water people. She could share the truths about the stories she'd heard since she was a child, stories of the existence of the world beneath the endless waters. She had so much she wanted to know, so much to see. She didn't want to waste a minute.
As she unwrapped herself and glided off the ledge of the water cave, she noticed it was silent. Where was everyone? Why weren't they there to guide her? Should she stay close until someone came for her? Then she heard a voice in her head say, "Come join us." Not really knowing where or how to join them, she glided through the water with the ease of a fish, weaving in and out of the underwater forest. Soon she came upon an opening. There were Morven and Ellura, hovering over a giant open shell. She approached the shell and noticed it was full of some sort of food. Without hesitation, she reached toward the shell to take some food. The shell snapped closed, and Ellura and Morven chuckled and turned to Willow. "You must first ask for permission to partake of the shell's offering," Morven said.
"OK, may I have some?"
They chuckled again. "Not from us—from the shell. And if she accepts you and invites you to share, she will open her shell for you. But you must take only what you need."
All became quiet as Willow approached the shell. She stood for a moment, deeply pensive, and then bowed her head and softly requested the honor of sharing what the shell would offer. The shell gently loosened her grip and moved closer to Willow. "Take all that you will, for it is my honor you have returned to us."
Willow bent down, took only a small portion, bowed again to the giant shell, and said, "I accept this offer with gratitude."
Ellura and Morven looked at each other in astonishment and awe. "She truly is the one we have waited for," Ellura said.
"She already knows the ways of our people, and yet she is so young," Morven added.
"We have chosen wisely."
They were pleased with the respect Willow had shown the Goddess of the Shell Kingdom. Willow had endeared the whole shell clan to her.
Willow surprised even herself with her response. It was as though she had always known how it was to be. But where and how had she received this knowledge? This was another question she would ask Morven when the time was right.
Soon the others came near to her, touching her and marveling at her beauty for one so young. There were water people of all ages: old ones that moved effortlessly through the waters and little ones bumping into shells and rocks and even getting tangled in the flowing seaweed. Such beautiful people, she thought. And they are my people now too.
Ellura approached Willow and motioned her to go with her. Without question, Willow followed Ellura, dodging through the coral forest, in and out of caves and up and down from the depths to nearly coming out of the water. Ellura brought her to a cave beyond sight of the place she felt comfortable in. She felt a sense of unease, but she was not afraid, because Ellura was with her. Ellura looked into Willow's eyes and without saying words communicated to her that there was much to learn and someday she would have great responsibilities. Willow started to ask a question, but Ellura disappeared in the water like a sudden beam of light. Willow sat there quietly for a moment, waiting for Ellura to return, and realized she was alone, that Ellura had left her there on her own.
A voice inside whispered to her, "Don't think about how. Just do it. Just see where you want to go." Without further thought, Willow wanted to be back with the others—and then she was. Ellura was sitting next to Morven.
"Not bad for your first lesson, little one," Morven said.
"Lesson for what?" she asked.
"In due time, in due time," Morven replied. Then Morven and Ellura disappeared as quickly as a flash of light.
Willow drifted in and out of the seaweed, just adventuring through her new world without a thought of how. So much beauty in every turn, she thought. As she came around a large cropping of caves and rocks, she spotted the young man she'd seen before as she was returning to the shore with Ellura. He didn't notice her as she watched him for a brief time, but when he looked up, their eyes locked. She turned and glided away as fast as she could. Although she wanted to stay, her impulse was to retreat. She was a bit embarrassed, but her heart was beating very fast, and she noticed her body was tingly all over. It was a feeling she hadn't felt before, and it was a bit uncomfortable.
She darted through the forests of seaweed, twisting and turning, not knowing which way was up or down. It wasn't long before Willow was bound like one of her father's tangled nets during a storm. Not only was she embarrassed, but fear came over her as well. She had never been in such a situation before. After all, she was raised on land. This was all new to her.
Would anyone find her there, and if not, what would become of her? Surely she didn't choose to enter that world to fade away, trapped in seaweed. She struggled to free herself, only to find the tangles gripped her ever stronger. I should never have ventured out on my own, she thought. She became tired and weak from her struggles and soon appeared to blend in with the seaweed.
Willow felt numb all over and her thoughts seemed foggy. She couldn't focus on anything but the thought of her mother and how she may never see her again. If only I could hear her voice one more time. Though she felt herself fading, she called out to her mother in their private language of the mind. On land, it was a language that only she and her mother knew. She had forgotten that this was also the language of the water people. She could barely hear her own thoughts. As she began to drift off, she thought she heard a soft whisper. Drifting deeper and deeper into the dark place in her mind where there was only emptiness, she heard the whisper again. This time, it was a little stronger. She could barely make out the words because of her weakness.
Willow felt an inner strength arise from the core of her being when she heard the soft voice of her mother. "Be strong, my dear daughter." They had connected between the worlds. Willow felt comforted and at peace, yet she was still tangled within the grip of the seaweed. Soon she drifted into a deep state of stillness.
When Willow awoke, she was nestled in her cave, wrapped in her own comforting bed of seaweed. Had it all been just a dream? Was it a vision, and if it wasn't, how did she return to her cave? How had she become untangled from the seaweed that began to take the life source from her? Did she hear her mother's voice in a dream?
It all seemed so strange and new to her. She knew there was much to learn to adapt completely to her new environment. She slowly lifted her head and glided down the edge of her cave. Morven was waiting for her at the rim of the forest. As Willow approached, she wondered if it was Morven who had rescued her or if it was indeed a dream. Morven said nothing about the event to her, but smiled in a way that gave her reason to suspect she did know.
Soon all the water people were gathered near the forest's edge beneath the waves as they did each day. She looked around to see if there was any clue to someone knowing what had happened. No one acknowledged that such an event even existed. But she'd heard her mother's voice—she knew she had. There was no denying that was real—or was that a dream too?
The day in the endless waters proceeded as it had each previous day. Ellura and Morven glided close by Willow and, when they did not want anyone else to know, they spoke to her in the language in which her mother often spoke to her. "There is much for you to learn and so little time," Morven said.
"What do you mean?" Willow asked.
"Soon you will fulfill the promise made so long ago, but for now, you need to know the ways of your people. You will need to speak the language of all the clans of the waters and navigate between them with complete ease. You will learn the ways of many clans. You are the bridge between the worlds beneath and above the endless waters."
"Why me?" Willow asked.
"You were promised," Ellura whispered.
Morven spoke of how quickly Willow had been granted a taste of the life source from the shell clan. "Not everyone is granted that life source, only those who are destined for great things." Willow became very quiet while Morven and Ellura told her of things she had heard only from her mother and grandmother. Of course, those were just stories from the old ones, so the villagers would say. But now, there she was beneath the waves of the endless waters, hearing this from Morven, her great-great-grandmother, and Ellura, the woman of the water.
She remembered the stories of the woman who was childless and lost her husband. The waters brought her a baby with golden hair. She was told someday the gift must be repaid, and a promise was made. She wondered what the promise was and how that was relevant to her, yet that question was not to be answered yet.
Ellura and Willow glided through the waters with the ease of light, in and out of the forest in the waters and through caves and caverns that seemed to be the foundation of this magical place. Willow saw creatures that only imagination could conjure. Creatures that moved effortlessly with the grace of a butterfly through the waters appeared by her side as she glided through the waters, following Ellura. Soon she was surrounded by many of these luminous underwater creatures. She was in awe of them. They radiated with a soft, golden glow and the essence of deep blue that appeared to stream through their bodies like beams of light. Their iridescent wings fluttered with such speed, they appeared to be motionless.
As she continued to watch them, she found herself spinning as she marveled at their grace and beauty. Willow became dizzy and powerless as she was transfixed on them. She could hear the sounds of tiny bells, which as she listened became a buzzing, then a chattering. Soon she could clearly hear voices. Not like the voices of the water or land people, but voices she could understand but had never heard before. "Welcome," they said. "We have waited a long time for you to return." She was startled for a moment. How can I understand these beautiful creatures? And what do they mean, waiting for my return? I have never been here before.
As her thoughts became one with these creatures, she felt a connection and began to speak freely and comfortably with them in their own language. Then she heard Ellura calling to her. As she turned to find Ellura, the little beings brushed against her skin as they spun around her and then disappeared.
When Ellura approached her, Willow asked about the beautiful creatures and how it was that she could understand them. "They are of the Water Spirit Kingdom. You will know the languages of all the clans within the kingdoms in time," Ellura said.

16
Soon they were back in their own forest with the other water people. Willow felt tired from the events of the day but could not stop thinking of her entanglement in the seaweed and of the strange but beautiful creatures she had encountered while she was with Ellura. It was a strange and wonderful world she had come to, and she looked forward to what else it had to show her. She glided off to her cave, nestled into her bed of seaweed, and soon drifted off to sleep.
Willow traveled deep into the realms of her deepest sleep. She had traveled there often when she had much on her mind. And certainly she did have much to ponder in this new world. The biggest question that haunted her was why. Why was she there, and why was she chosen—for what reason? These questions echoed in her mind. She couldn't shake them as they continuously stream through her consciousness. It played over and over, yet no answers came. Occasionally, Willow could hear soft, gentle voices in her sleep. "Patience, my child, patience."
She dreamed about the day's events—especially about seeing the boy with the golden hair and eyes of deep blue that sent her heart racing. She suddenly awoke and felt the heat of her body pulsating through every cell, yet she was in the cool waters. How and why could she feel this way when she thought of the boy?
The waters were still dark, yet she could not sleep. She struggled to understand this strange feeling. It was uncomfortable and very new to her. She remembered something her mother had said just before the evening that she was to choose a mate at the ceremony on the knoll. She had asked, "How will I know which one is the right one?" Audra had told her she would know when she looked into his eyes; her body would speak to her. It would be the language she and her mate would speak when the time came. Then she would know he was the right one to be her mate.
Willow wondered if this meant that this boy would be her mate. Could he be the one I have chosen? As she sat there, reflecting on the words of her mother and how much she missed her family, she was unaware of the creatures near her. Tears streamed from her eyes and melted into the waters. They sent a ripple throughout the endless waters.
It was still dark beneath the waters; however, she could see the glow of many resting outside her cave. Soon she noticed the water spirits she had encountered the day before. "What is troubling you, my sister?" one of them asked. Willow told them of her mother and of the family she missed. "Do not worry, little one. You will see them again."
Willow reached out and touched the wing of one of the Water Spirits. As she touched the little creature, she noticed a silver thread connecting her and it. The spirit sent energy rushing through her, immersing her in its every thought. Such beauty radiated from its thoughts that Willow once again felt the warmth of her new environment. These marvelous creatures of this world are my family now.
Light streamed through the waters, and soon the world of the endless waters was alive with activity. Willow and the water spirits glided to the hub of all the activity. "What is all the excitement about?" Willow asked.
"Today we join together outside the forest to gather the fish with our brothers, the Delfin Clan, and to help the land people fill their nets." Willow felt a rush of excitement. Did that mean the people of her village? Would she be able to see them again and even talk to her father and brother? This was too exciting to even hope, but hope she did. And who were the Delfin Clan?
Morven pulled Willow to the side and began to tell her of the Delfin Clan and how they became their brothers in the endless waters. "In the time when our people first entered the water to fish, the lands were dry and barren. Our people traveled far, and many were lost to the land. We traveled to the edge of the endless waters, and slowly we made our way closer to the shore. Day by day, we tried to catch the fish we could see swimming beneath the darkness of the waters.
"One day, the Delfin Clan passed in the distance off the shore of our ancient ones, and they could be seen leaping in and out of the waters. As they watched, these creatures came nearer and nearer to the shore where the ancients stood. They noticed the waters begin to churn, and the waves became restless. In what seems to be only a moment in time, those beautiful, playful creatures had herded the fish to the shore for the ancients to catch as they cast their nets. Day after day, our ancients came to the shore, and the creatures herded just enough fish to the shore for the land people."
"On another day, as the great creatures came close to the shore, our ancient ones ventured further into the waters. As time passed, our ancients entered the waters and were taught by these creatures to hunt beneath the endless waters with them. They became our brothers. They taught us their language and shared the secrets of their world. Now we live side by side with our brothers. Today you will meet them and learn the ways of the sea."
Willow had listened in amazement to this great adventure and could not contain her eagerness. "Can we go now?" she asked Morven.
"Soon," Morven replied. "Soon."
Willow could feel her heart racing once again, but this time it was because she was filled with wonder. What would these creatures look like, and would she be able to understand their language and learn the secrets of the sea, as Morven said?
After what seemed to Willow a lifetime of waiting, the water people began to gather with Ellura and Morven at the edge of the coral forest. She did not even notice the boy she had encountered, the one who had caused her body to ripple in heat and strange feelings. She did not even notice the multitude of water people that had gathered behind her as she glided alongside Ellura and Morven.
Suddenly, she heard high-pitched, echoing sounds she had not heard before. Ellura and Morven returned the echoing sound. Willow turned and caught sight of many water people from her new world, but that was not what took her breath away. There before her was the most magnificent creature she had ever seen. His coat was shimmering in shades of silver and glimmered as the light shone across his body. What was this? Who was this?
Willow had frozen at the sight of him, yet felt an immediate kinship. He turned his mighty head slightly, just enough for her to see into his eyes. She was frozen and transfixed at the beauty and gentleness of this great being. Willow was unaware of anything else around her, even the voice of Morven and the whisper of Ellura.
Among this crowd beneath the sea, there was only silence for Willow. This strong but gentle creature came closer and closer, yet Willow could not break away from the depth of his eyes. He moved closer and closer to her without even making a wave move or disturbing the current. There was only stillness, yet they continued to draw nearer and nearer to each other. It seemed the entire sea was still. There was only silence. Neither of them blinked.
The glow that radiated from him engulfed Willow as his mighty face brushed against hers. There was nothing else in the sea but the two of them. He backed away slightly, just enough to bow his head. Willow reached out and caressed his head for a moment, then gently pulled back her hand as he lifted his head. She bowed in reverence to him, and he brushed his head against her cheek.
This grand creature began to speak to her. She remained silent and listened to what he was saying. She understood every word, yet there were no words spoken. Only they could hear each other.
When they were finished, Willow reached out and gently stroked his head. She slowly backed away, and they bowed to one another in reverence and admiration. He disappeared into the dark waters with the grace of a gentle breeze on land. Willow stood for a moment, watching as he disappeared, and then she called out to him in the language of his clan to wish him a safe journey until they would meet again.
She turned to look for Ellura and Morven. She saw that the entire clan of water people was there, looking at her. Ellura and Morven slowly bowed their heads toward Willow. As they bowed, the entire clan also bowed. "What is going on?" she asked Morven.
Morven drew near to Willow and took her hand. "You have just bonded with the ancient one of the Delfin Clan. He has connected with only one other, and that was before our time."
"What do you mean?" Willow asked.
"We will talk another time," Morven said. "Now we must join our brothers out in the open sea to hunt the fish."
Soon the migration of fish would gather to swim to warmer waters as they had done since the beginning of time. It was then that the Delfin Clan and the water people would glide to the open waters, away from the safety of their home in the coral forests, with their small nets made from the strong seaweed that covered the forest.
Willow glided alongside Morven and Ellura through the waters with the ease of light. She was amazed at her own agility in the new environment. She glided through every twist and turn needed to navigate beneath the endless waters alongside the Delfin Clan. They weaved through the waters with incredible grace. They circled and then dove deep and then up again, never missing a turn or twist in the rhythm of the waves. Together they traveled on what seemed an endless journey. Willow thought maybe this was why her land family called it the endless waters. She was so enthralled by the movements that entwined them that she did not notice the migration in front of them until she heard the cry of the Delfin in the lead.
Soon the Delfins and the water people approached the migration, then split into two groups. They encircled the migration and drew the fish closer together, making them even more condensed. As the group tightened their circle, others cast their nets of seaweed into the mass of fish. One by one, the small nets were cast, then tightened and dropped. The nets were weighted down with rocks from the bottom of the sea. As they were filled with fish, they were tightened and then dropped to drift to the seafloor.
The Delfins dove in and out of the mass of fish, filling their mouths with the abundance that was presented to them. They had their fill, and the water people had what they needed. They let the pouches of fish remain on the bottom as they continued to glide alongside of the migration even further out into the open waters, yet they kept a tight circle around the fish.
Willow was in awe of how the creatures of the sea and the water people worked together effortlessly to hunt. But why were they still traveling with this migration? It wasn't long before the two groups, the Delfins and the water people, pushed the migration closer to the surface of the waters. The fish began to twist and fight the natural flow of their journey. They struggled to change the course, yet the power of the circle prevented them from changing. Not a single fish broke from the migration; they held steadfast in a mass.
As Willow stayed with the rhythm of the entire venture, she suddenly noticed ahead the underside of a boat, then another and another. Her heart started to pound. Could these boats be the boats of my village? Could my father and Seth be among them? The boats appeared to draw nearer to the migration. Did anyone else see these boats? Am I the only one that sees them?
In moments, the entire migration was beneath the boats. The circle tightened even more, bringing the fish almost to a complete halt beneath the boats, yet no one in the circle broke the web around the fish. Then several of the Delfin Clan rushed to the surface of the waters, leaping in and out around the boats. Soon she noticed giant nets being cast from the boats into the migration. The nets were pulled tight, dragged from the weight of the fish, and finally lifted into the boats. One by one, the boats filled their nets. The boats lingered for a while above the Delfins, and then fish were tossed back into the waters. The Delfins leaped from the waters, grasping them with their teeth.
Oh my, Willow thought. She had heard stories of how these beautiful creatures swam alongside the boats during fishing times, but never had she heard that they helped them fish. Is this how my family and the villagers are so successful with fishing? she wondered. All this time, she just thought her father was a great fisherman. But now she saw that the Delfin Clan and the water people made him so.
The circle soon was broken, and the migration was free to continue on its quest. The Delfin Clan and the water people dove deep into the waters to return to gather their catch. They too would be returning to the forest beneath the endless waters. But Willow could not turn with the rest of them. She had to glide to the surface to see if her father and brother were among the fishermen.
No one noticed she was not with the pod. There were so many, and they always stayed together when venturing into open waters, so they did not think she would not be with them on the return.
Willow glided closer to the boats as they stayed still in the waters. She knew they were securing their catch and would soon travel back to the village. She could almost see her mother standing on the knoll, waiting for the boats to arrive and then walking down to the shore to greet her husband and son upon their return.
If I could see them just one more time, she thought. She eased her way to the surface and looked across the boats. She recognized many of the boats from her village. Then there they were, her father and Seth, filling the baskets on the boat with the abundant catch they had just hauled in. She wanted to call out to them, but a voice inside her warned against it. She wanted to tell her father how the fish had come to him so easily and how the creatures of the sea had been partly responsible for his good fortune.
Her father had mentioned to her and her family how it appeared the sea creatures, whom Willow now knew were the Delfins, brought the fish to their nets. He had said he felt they were partly responsible for the abundant catches he and the villagers often came home with. Willow wanted to tell him of the water people and her new home beneath the endless waters. She wanted to tell him she had met great-great-grandmother Morven and about Ellura. But she couldn't. She knew she shouldn't. It would destroy the balance that had been since the beginning of time.
She missed her family on land. She missed her sisters. She missed her mother and wanted so much to be able to sit with her as she rocked in the rocking chair on the knoll, where the two of them communicated in their own private language. As she stayed near the boats, she could feel the warmth of tears flow and then blend into the waters. If only I could see them all one more time, she thought. If only I could talk with mother and hear her gentle wisdom.
Willow was unaware that the boats once again were moving, as she was lost in her thoughts of home. She noticed that the waters became warmer and not as deep blue as the water in the coral forest. She felt fearful but yet excited at the same time, realizing she must be coming closer to the shore—the shore where she had spent so many nights dreaming of life beneath the endless waters and where she had first met Ellura, the woman of the water.
She decided she'd better not go to close to the shore, for fear someone might see her. Yet she so wanted to see her mother. She started to glide back out to the deep waters, but wanted to take one brief look above the surface at her land home. She cautiously glided to the surface and emerged into the sunlight. She glimpsed the shoreline in the distance with many villagers gathered to greet the boats. As the fishermen landed, the villagers drew near the water's edge to assist with bringing in the abundant catch. The catch would keep many families fed through the coldness of the season that would soon be approaching.
Oh, Mother, Willow thought. She turned and darted away from the shore.
"Daughter, is that you?"
Willow froze in place. "Mother?"
"Yes, my precious daughter, it is. I have missed you; my heart holds you close, and you are never out of my thoughts. Are you fine?"
"Oh, Mother, my heart aches for you too, but I am fine. Do not worry for me. All those dreams I had growing up were not dreams but visions of where I was meant to be."
Willow heard the sweet voice of her mother one last time that day. "Be well, my precious daughter, and know I am with you always. Just call to me, and I will hear you." Willow said her good-byes as she watched the crowd from the shore carry the baskets of fish up the knoll to the village to prepare them for storing. She slowly turned and headed out to the deep waters.
Willow glided through the waters further and further, deeper and deeper. There was a stillness she felt uncomfortable with, a feeling something wasn't right. Where were the Delfins and the water people? Had she gone off course and too far away from her pod? She did not know the ways of the sea yet. She found herself alone, without the comforts and safety of the ones she had grown to feel safe with. Where were they? Had they left her? Would she be able to find her way back to her new home in coral forest?
Fear came over her, and she began to panic. Maybe I should not have followed the boats. Maybe I should have stayed with Morven and Ellura, she thought. The waters became darker and stranger to her. Suddenly, a school of fish swam by her, brushing her skin with their roughness. Their bodies were tense and rigid, and Willow could feel the fear that emanated from them. They normally would stop and play in the waters alongside her, but this time, they seemed driven to escape. But escape from what? She had never known any harm from the waters, so what were they escaping from?
An uneasiness that came over her that she couldn't explain. It wasn't like when she had been entangled in the seaweed forest. Moments later, many more creatures rushed past her. She thought she heard one of them speak to her: "Hide!" Who was that, she thought, and hide from what?
Suddenly, she turned. There ahead of her was a creature she had never seen before. This cold, dark-gray creature sent fear rippling through her body. This was like nothing she had ever imagined, but she knew he was one to be feared. He slowly approached her, yet she could not move. She was transfixed by his magnitude and the fierce power that radiated from the very core of his being. This creature was not escaping, nor was he hiding. He was not afraid of anything.
"Hide," she heard again. That was meant for her. They were telling her to hide, but where was she to hide? She was out in the open waters and did not know how to return to the safety of the coral forest. As the giant creature approached with a steady determination, she realized he was coming directly toward her. He was not coming to greet her or welcome her to her new home.
Willow's fear mounted as he opened his powerful jaws, still headed straight for her. She turned and sped through the waters as fast as she could, not knowing where she was headed but knowing she needed to get far from him. She spotted some coral and seaweed not too far ahead and hoped she could make it there to hide. She turned, only to see the massive head coming nearer and nearer. She could not glide through the waters fast enough. She struggled to go faster only to find herself tiring. She became weaker and more fatigued but pressed on to find safety.
She was close to the coral and seaweed, yet he was gaining on her rapidly. She reached inside herself and struggled for all the strength she had left and darted into the coral and seaweed. The creature was too big to follow her. She felt safe but weakened. She rested for a while among the seaweed until she felt strong enough to continue on. She wanted to get back to her cave and curl up in her own seaweed, where she knew she was safe. She was exhausted but needed to find her way back before the darkness fell over the waters.
Slowly, she ventured out of the protection of the coral. She saw no signs of the creature that had driven her into hiding. She cautiously glided back out into the open waters, hoping to find the path she had traveled during the migration. Still weakened but determined to continue on, she glided through the waters, unaware of anything but the thought of returning.
Suddenly, the giant creature returned. Willow froze once again, but this time there was no place to go, and she had no strength left to flee his mighty jaws. Had she come into the new world only to leave it this way? Did Morven not say she was there to fulfill a promise? Was this it—to be sacrificed to this creature of the endless waters? If so,why?
There was nothing more for her to do. Fear encompassed her, yet she was helpless. Though he was fierce and would overpower her in moments, she stood strong. Her whole existence flashed before her. Then she thought, I will never be able to choose a mate and have a family like my mother. I will never know the secrets Ellura told me I would learn of my new world.
Though she was filled with fear and wanted to close her eyes and hide, she held her gaze on the mighty creature. He opened his powerful jaws. She could feel the warmth of his breath about to inhale her, and she knew this was the end.
Just as he was about to snatch her up, she closed her eyes for a moment. She heard a crashing sound. Expecting it to be the creature crashing down on her, she opened her eyes. It was not the creature attacking her but many from the Delfin Clan pounding their mighty noses into the side of the creature again and again. Blood gushed from his side as he struggled to break away from the Delfins. They were relentless in their pursuit and continued to hammer away at him until his shattered, lifeless body drifted off, a flow of blood trailing him.
Willow was shaken beyond control at that point. She was weak and overtaken by what she had witnessed. The gentle Delfin Clan had destroyed a creature twice their size. How had they known where to find her? Out of the shadows of the dark waters emerged someone she knew. It was her friend, the ancient one of the Delfin Clan, Llyr. But to the rest of the sea kingdom he was known as the God of the Sea.
He drew near to her, and they spoke in the language only they could understand—the language of the ancients of land and the endless waters. Willow knew she was safe then. She held onto Llyr's fin as the two of them glided through the waters with the ease of light through a beam. In what seemed to be moments, they were at the gateway of her coral forest and her new family, the water people. She released his fin, turned, and bowed to him. He bowed to her and slowly vanished into the dark water.
Ellura and Morven were there at the gateway and escorted her to her cave. She curled up in her seaweed, barely able to move a muscle. She could barely keep her eyes open. Morven leaned down and stroked her hair, then said, "We have much to talk about. But for now, sleep, my little one, sleep."

17
The morning came quickly. Willow thought she had just laid her head on the soft seaweed in her cave, and yet she could hear the sounds of the sea creatures calling to one another. She could feel the waters ripple past her from the movements of her water people darting in and out of the coral forest as they did each morning.
She slowly raised her head from her seaweed bed and turned just enough to catch a glimpse of the sunlight streaming down through the coral forest. That meant it was well into the day and she had indeed slept late. She scurried to pull herself together and glide off the ledge of her cave. It reminded her of the days when she was on land and had overslept and would jump out of her sleeping loft to greet the day.
Willow wondered what her land family was doing. Would they be sitting down at the table for the morning meal that had been simmering in the pot over the embers all evening? Or maybe they would be gathering herbs and vegetables for her mother to prepare for the evening meal. Would her sisters be helping her mother salt the fish her father and brother had brought in from their abundant catch—the one she had participated in, the one she wanted to tell her mother about?
Though she missed them often, she was embracing this new world as her own with each new day. It was as if she had always been there, and her home on land ever so slowly crept to the back of her mind. She longed to share with her mother all that had happened, but frequently was lost in the moments that swirled around her each day. It seemed a lifetime of knowledge flooded her every thought. It was as though those new thoughts were being woven through the very core of who she was and always had been.
Suddenly, she could hear the whisper of Ellura calling to her to awaken and join her and Morven at the gateway of light. Without thinking of how she would find it, she glided off the ledge of the cave for a moment and then imagined herself there. In an instant, she was alongside of Ellura and Morven at the gateway, at the vortex of light that had carried them once before, swirling them upward to the surface of the endless waters.
She quietly waited for Ellura and Morven to speak. She wondered, Why are we here? Have I made such a terrible mistake wandering off from the group that I must leave my new home?
Ellura turn and spoke in the language of the water people. "Did you see how quickly you returned to this spot when your mind was clear and focused? This is the way the ancient ones who adapted to this world survived. They learned the power to move through this world the way you learned to travel here in an instant. You must always remember this, for your journey is just beginning, and there is still much for you to do and learn."
Willow started to ask her more, but then Ellura and Morven were gone. They had vanished in an instant, leaving her alone at the gateway of the vortex of light. She hovered there for a moment, and then the meaning of what Ellura said became clear. She felt herself back in the safety of the coral forest, and there she was. She glanced around, looking for Morven and Ellura, and within a blink, they appeared by her side. Morven reached out for Willow's hand and said, "Well done, little one, well done."
Ellura spoke to Morven in the ancient language. "She has shown remarkable insight, and so quickly."
Ellura whispered to Morven, "She arrived before we did. How was that possible?"
Morven whispered back, "She is truly blood of the ancient ones and daughter to all the kingdoms and clans of the sea. She will serve our world well!" Morven and Ellura glided off into the coral forest, whispering to one another. Willow appeared not to hear them, but she did.
Then Willow was distracted; she heard the voice of Llyr communicating with her in the language only she understood. They spoke together as though they had done so all her life. They spoke as a daughter would speak to her father. She felt safe when she heard his call in the distance. She knew his voice above all others in the Delfin Clan. Llyr did not appear often, but Willow always felt him near. She knew that if she needed him, she could call out to him, and he would come. He was her protector and guide in the open waters, and that gave her great comfort. They said their good-byes for now.
Willow gathered with the other water people in the center of the coral forest, expecting to see Morven, but Morven and Ellura had vanished again. There was so much she wanted to know. Her questions mounted each day. She felt the answer was always just beyond her reach. She wanted to sit with Morven for as long as it would take for her to reveal all the secrets. She was like a child wanting to know the whys now, instead of waiting for each question to be answered in its own time.
As Willow's impatience mounted to the point she felt she would burst from anticipation, she noticed someone following her within the coral forest, just outside her vision. She quickly turned to try to catch a glimpse of who it was. Each time she turned, she saw no one, yet she knew someone was there. She moved further into the thickness of the coral, thinking she would not be noticed and could then turn to catch whoever was following her. She quickly slipped behind a mighty coral tree of bright reds and oranges that resembled a patch quilt, with the sunlight peering through the openings between its branches and bouncing off the ripples of water flowing through them. It was so bright, it was almost blinding. She did not hear any movement in the water for a moment, and then she felt a wave brush past her. She held still for what seemed a long time. She thought whoever it was must be gone.
Willow darted out from behind the coral tree. As she turned to head back to the center of activity, she was suddenly face to face with the young boy whom she had seen only from a distance. She froze, and so did he. Neither one moved or spoke. She was embarrassed, but not as much as he was. Each of them struggled to get past the other through the seaweed, only making their awkwardness more apparent as they both darted in the same direction.
Willow's long, golden hair began to tangle around the both of them. As it did, it gathered seaweed from the coral and incorporated it into the web that began to encircle both of them. The more they struggled, the tighter it got. Soon their bodies were touching, and they could not ignore the closeness. They stopped struggling. Willow raised her head slightly to meet his deep blue eye. Their eyes locked once again, but this time there was no escaping.
Willow felt the heat rise from her body as it continued to brush against his. She hoped he would not notice. She turned her head away from him. They both became very still. He raised his head and looked into her eyes. "I am Vala."
"Vala?" she repeated.
"And you are Willow, blood of the ancient ones," Vala said.
When Vala spoke to her, it was the only thing she could hear. She could not hear the rushing of waves ripple past or the voices of the sea creatures that were always close by. His voice was soft yet strong. She felt herself melting into the rhythm of his voice. It was the voice that had often entered her dreams when she was with her land family. A voice she awaited each time she returned to sleep. He was the one that had reached out for her hand the first time she fell into the darkness of the endless waters. Yes, this was the one just outside my sight when I traveled to the water's edge.
Could he be the reason I could not pick a mate on land? Is he the one I will choose to be my mate? Her thoughts were so loud. She briefly forgot this was the language of her new world and her thoughts could be heard. He bowed his head, and then she realized he had heard every word. Now she was even more embarrassed. She wanted to be anywhere but there at that moment; she couldn't look up at him, knowing he'd heard it all. She closed her eyes and pictured herself in the safety of her cave, hiding beneath her seaweed, away from anyone knowing what had just happened.
Before she had even finished her thoughts, she opened her eyes, and indeed she was in her cave. She rushed to pull the seaweed up around her. I will never come out from under my blanket of seaweed. I will stay here forever.
She heard a whisper so faint she almost could not make out what it was saying. "No, you will come out, and all will be as it is meant to be." She could not identify the voice, but it was reassuring. But how could she face the young man again? Yet every time she thought of him, her body became alive with warmth.
She needed to talk to her mother, since Morven was nowhere to be found and frequently avoided answering any questions she had anyway. Willow sat up at the edge of her cave, closed her eyes, and called out to her mother in their private way. She sat there for what seemed forever, but there was no answer from her mother. Then she felt a comforting arm around her shoulder. She opened her eyes, and there sat Morven.
"Your mother has sent me. These are questions that she cannot answer for you. Your mother has known since your birth you were predestined to return to the sea, but she put it far back in her mind, for she did not want to face losing you. She knows now that this is your home. She will never lose you, but now you must learn the ways of the water people.
"You have chosen wisely. Vala has always known he was chosen for you, so do not feel embarrassed. When the time is right, you two will join. But for now, there is much for you to do to prepare yourself for the place you will hold for our worlds. There is no hurry, and Vala will be by your side."
Willow could not speak, yet she felt relieved to hear those words from Morven. But of course, this only added another question. "Be by my side for what?" she asked.
Morven looked at her and smiled. "Someday, you will replace me. You will be the bridge between the water and the land people. You are the promise once made so long ago, even before the woman on the land was given a child. Did you not feel the bond when you asked to take nourishment from the shell? Have you not spoken the language of the ancient Delfin, Llyr? Have you not traveled beyond time? How do you think this is possible, if it was not already in your blood?" Morven asked.
Willow stood silent. She knew all this was true. She had yearned for the waters since she was old enough to first touch the water's edge with her feet. Her dreams had been flooded with the visions of what lay beneath the waves of the endless waters; the magical creatures that now glided alongside of her had until then been only in her dreams. She even remembered the vision of Vala, yet not quite knowing who he was or why he had surfaced so many times as she slept. Her dreams were not dreams, but visions of the world she was meant to live in.
Willow sensed a great responsibility she would soon embark on that would change the way she looked at all the adventures and encounters that crossed her path from that point on. She knew from that moment on, she must stay focused on the teachings of the sea kingdom and its clans. She reached up and clasped the pearl shell Ellura had given her nights before the festival on land. She felt its true meaning for the first time. She could feel the pulse of the entire shell clan beat in her hand as she held it tightly. She ran her hands up the silver strands that held the shell and could feel the wisdom of Ellura and the ancient ones rush through her core being. It was now a part of who she was to become. It was the first gift that sealed the bond with her new family. She was forever a part of this new world. There was no turning back now. She had chosen to leave behind all thoughts of ever returning to the land and her family. She would always hold them dear to her heart, but she knew she had a great responsibility there beneath the endless waters. She truly had become a part of the sea.

18
The waters churned beneath the sea, and the sands swirled with great intensity, blinding the entire Sea Kingdom. Even the Giant Shell Kingdom remained still on the floor of the sea as the sands continued to thrash from side to side, tossing anything and anyone in their path against the coral forest. The water people remained in their caves, hovering as far back as possible to avoid the sting of the churning sands.
Willow knew it was too dangerous to venture out into the swirling waters, but her yearning to sit with Morven with no interruptions and search her words for more of the secrets of who and what would be facing her in the future was about to overpower her fear of the danger outside her cave. She had delved into some of the most terrifying parts of the open waters and faced the menacing beast of the sea and survived, yet it was only with the help of her brothers of the Delfin Clan. Without them, she would have succumbed to his mighty jaws and been lost to the water people forever. Who then would fulfill the promise made so long ago?
She was to be the bridge between the worlds of the land and water people. She would someday hold great responsibility; she would encompass all the wisdom of the woman of the water, Ellura, and that of the ancients, along with that of her great-great-grandmother, Morven. Morven was the Goddess of the Sea, and she would pass to Willow all her knowledge and the memories of all the ancient ones when the time was upon her.
Willow wondered how she would be able to learn all the secrets in such a short time. Morven and Ellura assured her she would. That was all she needed to know; it would be so. Yet the very thought of unknown secrets challenged Willow's patience every minute. Questions raced through her, never giving her a moment of peace. How much longer can this storm continue? Would it be so hard to just imagine myself beside Morven? Would she mind if I came unannounced? Would it be safe to travel under such conditions? Suddenly, she heard a piercing and unwavering voice call out to her. "Silence."
Willow had not learned to turn her thoughts inward yet, so when she became anxious or impatient, it was heard throughout the coral forest. Her thoughts carried through the waters with the same passion of a giant wave crashing onto the shore. Since she had bridged the communication barrier with many of the clans and could now speak to them in their language, her voice translated and also traveled to them as well. Would she learn to calm her inner thoughts to make them hers alone? She laid her head on her bed of seaweed from the exhaustion of the thoughts that ran rapidly through her mind. And then, finally, she drifted off to sleep.
Her dreams were often visions of things not yet seen or voiced, even with Ellura or Morven. Some were of such beauty and calmness that she would awaken with a renewed peace that permeated through her, relaxing her mind completely. Willow wondered if these were dreams or if they were visions of what she would soon experience. She hoped they were visions.
Then there were the dreams of terror that frightened her so much, she awoke with her body rigid, tense, and afraid. Could such things be in her future too? How would she escape from them? How would she bring forth the wisdom of the ancients to survive the frightful episodes about to happen?
Willow was awakened by the gentle touch of Ellura's hair brushing against her arm as she lay there on her bed of soft seaweed. It eased her restless mind, for she knew that touch so well. It was Ellura's hair that Willow had first set her eyes on beneath the endless waters and felt against her skin as she sat at the water's edge in what seemed so many years ago. Her long, illuminating silver hair glowed as it swirled in the waters. Ellura was soft-spoken and gentle, yet her impact on the entire Sea Kingdom was held in high regard. She was the woman of the water.
"What troubles you, Willow?" Ellura asked. Willow told her of her frequent visions, those of beauty that brought her peace and delight and those that terrified her and took her breath away. Ellura told her these were true in the sea world. There were dangers, yes, that not only threatened her but all who traveled in the open waters. Ellura told her she must always be diligent with her surroundings as she ventured into the open waters and even be aware of all she encountered in the coral forest. "Many are your friends and will watch over you, but there are still those who enter that mean you harm. They know you hold the key to the balance of our world, and they are threatened by that. You must continue with your quest to know all the secrets of all the clans; they are your allies. They will keep you safe."
The storm finally passed, and the waters settled into a gentle, rhythmic motion once again. Soon many emerged from their hiding places, where they had been protected from the burning sands. Life resumed as usual in the forest. There were large creatures and some so very tiny the eye had to adjust to catch sight of them. Each one appeared magical, especially to Willow. She marveled at the delicate wings that glided them through the water and how they appeared to hover in one place without any movement, yet they moved in place. Some of the creatures blended into the seascape of the coral forest and often went unseen until they moved. Yet even they had their own language, and Willow would one day communicate with them all.
Willow had been lost in the beauty of her new home when she noticed Ellura had vanished. She was getting used to the idea that Ellura and Morven often appeared and then disappeared just as quickly, leaving her alone. She too had mastered the movement through the waters in what seemed the speed of light. She was there, and then she wasn't.
No one was more aware of this than Vala, the young man she had chosen to someday be her mate. He would follow her and occasionally try to sneak up behind her to startle her, but when he was just about to make his move, she would vanish and then reappear behind him. It became a game for her. Vala was not always happy about her movements with him, but he kept that to himself. He didn't want her to know it bothered him that she could move through the water better than he could. Though he had lived in the water all his life, he knew she carried the blood of the ancients and would be able to do things he never dreamed of. When he finally gave up and turned to leave, she would call his name, and he would give her one more chance.
It frustrated him not to be there at her side. All the water people knew that someday they would join as mates. Vala was strong but gentle and beautiful to look at too. What a beautiful couple they would make. Just the vision of the two of them gliding through the waters with their shimmering golden hair that lit up even the darkest of waters would turn the head of any creature in their path. They glided together with the synchronicity of the Delfin Clan when they raced in open waters, leaping in and out of the waves.
But how could Vala protect her and stay by her side if she could vanish and he was not able to find her? Now they were still young, and it only annoyed him occasionally, but as he matured into his own, would he still feel that way, or would he withdraw? He knew the importance of her mission and the responsibility she held, and he wanted to be there with her and for her, but how could he? He was able to hide this from her now, but as she began to strengthen in the ways of the ancients, would he be able to?
That thought quickly left as Willow drew nearer to him in the coral forest. They would sit on a ledge they noticed one day as they were gliding close to the edge of the caves on the other side of the coral forest, just before the pathway to the open waters. They would talk, as young adults do, of dreams and hopes. But both of them knew it would not be that way for them. Soon they would have to put those ideas behind them. They both would be held to more stringent conditions than the others. They would not have the luxury of spending days just gliding, with no thought of tomorrow. They also knew this was their destiny and ordained since before they were born.
As they sat together, staring out at the open waters, Vala turned to her, took her arm, and started gliding closer to the edge of the coral forest, out of the protected area of their home. Willow was hesitant to move forward. She had experienced firsthand the dangers that lay there. She pulled back slightly. Vala turned and spoke to her softly. "It's OK; I am here to protect you." Willow knew she should not venture any further but did not want to question his wisdom. She knew that if she refused, he would feel ridiculed, so she followed his lead. She kept vigilant about her surroundings, as she had been taught, never taking the open water for granted. She knew in a moment's time, danger could lunge out of the darkness.
As Willow turned her head, she noticed the edge of the forest further in the distance. She began to feel very uneasy. She had not ventured out there since her encounter with the mighty jaws. Had she not been rescued, she would have been lost to the endless waters forever. She did not want to upset Vala, but thought, How can I resolve this and return us to safety without shattering his adventure? She knew she had better think quickly, for she truly sensed danger. She thought of Llyr and quietly called his name.
"Yes, my daughter of the sea. Why do you call me?" She told him of her dilemma and how she sensed danger nearing but did not want to embarrass Vala.
It was apparent something was wrong. Even Vala began to sense something was not right but could not quite determine what made him so uncomfortable. He took her hand and, for a moment, stood still in the open waters. Suddenly, they heard a siren sound so piercing, Vala grabbed his head in pain. He grabbed Willow's arm and told her they must leave and return as fast as they could; he sensed danger.
Willow replied, "Are you sure?"
"Yes, I am sure," he said.
"All right."
They turned and glided as fast as they could back to the safety of the coral forest. When they arrived, Vala turned to her said, "We must not go there without the safety of Delfin Clan again."
Willow agreed. "I think you're right."
Of course, Willow knew the voice of Llyr in any pitch, and she knew it was him sending a warning to Vala in the form of a siren, making it Vala's decision to return to the safety of their home. It ended well this time, but Willow knew she could not always ask her friend Llyr to come to her rescue. This would be a great challenge for her.
Willow and Vala glided back to the center of the coral forest, where the others were, but they said nothing to anyone. Vala returned to his pod and Willow to Morven and Ellura. She knew there were going to be consequences. There was no way they would not know of her venture with Vala.
As she drew nearer, Morven reached out her hand and took Willow's, and they left the presence of Ellura. They glided across the coral forest to a place Willow had never been. Morven did not speak, nor did they travel at the speed of light. They drifted in and out among the coral branches and soon arrived at a cave that was hidden deep among the forest.
They entered into the darkness of the cave and then plunged deep within its belly. The further they went, the darker it became. What is this place? Willow thought quietly. Still, Morven said nothing. Willow could not adjust her eyes and completely depended on the guidance of Morven. Soon she saw a faint light in the distance. As they came closer, the light illuminated her path. The two of them entered a vast chamber then an open space that gradually became shallow. They landed on a soft, sandy shore beneath the cave. Willow asked, Where are we? with more intensity in her thoughts. She and Morven eased out of the water and sat on the sandy beach.
Morven sat for a moment in reverence and then turned to Willow. "This is where the ancients entered the water world so long ago. This was their final exit from land into the endless waters and to the coral forest. Some of our people remained on land, but most entered the sea for the last time and made it their home. Our family came in through here.
"Many sacrifices were made to make this journey. Many did not make it, because they could not resist the temptation to enter the open waters. They were young and did not know the ways of the beasts of the open waters and were lost forever. The ones who stayed the course through the darkness until they reached the safety of the coral forests were spared. They did not go into the open waters until the Delfin brothers taught them the ways and followed alongside them whenever they traveled to fish, protecting them from the beasts of the open waters."
"In time, we adapted to the ways and movements of the Delfins and spoke their language. We learned together how to benefit from the hunt for fish. We have also watched over our land people who stayed behind since that day. When famine covered the lands, we, alongside our Delfin brothers, brought the migration of fish to the boats. We always kept out of sight beneath the boats, but we have always been there. Our ancients learned the languages of many of the sea creatures. We live together with respect for one another. It is and always has been the way we survived."
Morven continued. "I am growing weak. Someday soon, you will need to take my place. You cannot let your emotions risk danger to yourself and to our people. You must lead from wisdom! This will be your greatest challenge. You have learned well the ways of many of the clans, yet there is much more to conquer within yourself before you take my place." Willow knew what Morven was saying was true, and she knew Morven was aware of what had happened with her and Vala.
She spoke to Morven about things that were troubling her. They sat for a long time, speaking in their private language. Willow expressed how it bothered her that she could not control her thoughts and keep them her own. She shared with her the concern she had for Vala. Morven held her hand, and they spoke until the light started to dim. Tears cascaded down Willow's cheeks as Morven shared with her many more secrets. She knew there would not be many more of these times together like this. Morven stroked her head, and then they turned, slid back into the waters, and slowly glided home.

19
Willow could not sleep that evening as she lay on her bed of seaweed. She tossed and turned and reflected on all that Morven had shared with her. She found herself weeping throughout the night. It was overwhelming to understand the full extent of what lay ahead. She worried whether she would be able to fulfill the great responsibility. What if she put her pod at danger? The doubts and what-ifs raced through her mind.
As her thoughts intensified, she heard sounds in the dark outside her cave entrance. Then she realized her fears were rippling through the movement of the water and all could hear her. Suddenly, without thinking, she closed the doors to her mind the way Morven had just taught her. The whispering and voices stopped. She slowly eased to the edge of her cave and glanced out. There was no one there; they had left. She had closed her fears off from the rest of the clans. Yes, she had begun to understand the power of keeping her thoughts to herself. This pleased her, for she knew she could keep the fears she had from upsetting the sea creatures and water people. It would later prove to be a strong tool for her.
Day by day, Willow could feel the strength of the ancients within her mounting. She was learning the secrets that would guide her and protect her and the clans from the dangers that lurked in the open waters. She could feel the presence of danger always, and she knew the day would come when she would have to deal with it head on.
As she spent more time with Morven, learning the secrets of her blood line, every whisper in the sea became more intensified. She could feel the slightest change in the way the water moved, indicating that the path was calm or that there was danger close by. After all, she would have to know the sea like she knew her own body in order to make decisions that would impact the Sea Kingdom. She would be the one to feel the fish migrations heading to the warmer waters and alert the Delfin Clan. She would have to know when the land people were taking their boats out on the endless waters to fish. But above all that, she would be the protector. It would be she who sounded the alarm when the sea beasts were near.
Willow was aware too that she would always be the target in the open waters. This frightened her, but she kept those thoughts hidden deep so no one else could hear them. Not only must she keep it from all the clans, but she also knew her fears would be felt by the sea beasts that would use them to their advantage in seeking her out. If they could destroy Willow, they would have power not only over the open waters, but over the coral forest as well. There would be no one to alert those who lived in the coral forest of danger, and the beasts could prey on them as they glided even the shortest distance into the open waters. There would be no time for the Delfin Clan to rally to their aid. For that matter, even the venerable Delfin Clan would be at risk if venturing alone.
Days turned into weeks of sitting close to Morven and Ellura, learning the ways of the ancients and of her pod. Many days, Willow and Ellura would travel together to the various clans, and one by one, Willow would link her thoughts with them. When they touched each other, the silver threads of ethereal lights bridged between Willow and the old one of that clan, and their knowledge since the beginning of time passed between them, revealing all their wisdom to Willow. She had become one with them. She carried their languages and their secrets. She was their protector, and they were hers. She was the link that united all the creatures of the endless waters. Yet she knew there was another aspect of the sea she would not join with but needed to know and be ever vigilant for.
Willow had heard the stories of the sea beasts and had encountered one herself, so she knew their power. Not only were they mighty and fierce, but they were cunning and sly as well. They traveled alone in the sea yet had many lookouts, not because of any loyalty but out of fear that the beasts would turn on them if they did not do their bidding. They would slither through the bottom of the sea. They lived beneath the sands, popping their frightful heads up from the sands just to grab a passerby or to alarm the mighty clan of Adaro.
Adaro was the most feared among all the sea beasts. He had once lived among the Delfin Clan, but he and his pod were so evil they were cast out to live solitary lives in the open seas. Adaro was rarely seen by the other beasts, but when his presence was felt entering an area, the sea cleared, giving him full reign. The open seas were his domain. He didn't just hunt for food; he hunted for the thrill of the kill. It didn't matter what clan member he stole, for he was heartless and cruel.
Adaro roamed in the dark spaces of the sea, fearing no one. Though he was ancient, he possessed the power and strength of the most powerful being in the sea. As he aged, it only intensified his massive power. The more fear that surrounded him, the more fearsome he became. He devoured the life force of those he conquered, so it only made sense that if he could devour Willow, he would rule the entire sea forever. No one would dare challenge him then. He knew she had returned to the sea; he could feel her presence and feel her own power growing. She would be a powerful foe and one he should not take lightly, in spite of her youth.
Adaro knew all the wisdom of the ancients was awakening in her; it was in her blood. She continued to grow ever stronger with the wisdom of all the clans, and they would be able to communicate with her no matter where she was. The spirit clans would watch over Willow, communicating with her whenever there was danger. He knew the entire Sea Kingdom would come to her and protect her if needed, even giving their lives for her. She was the one who would be the Goddess of the Sea, and she must be guarded at all costs.
Adaro knew that once Morven made her transition, she would give to Willow the final chapter of her bloodline, which would make Willow the most powerful creature in the sea and one he would find difficult to defeat. He knew he must take her before Morven gave her the final gift. He needed to lure her into the open waters unprotected before she was totally aware and could defend herself.
So he sent his spies to slither beneath the sands to where the coral forest met the open waters to keep vigil over the comings and goings of the water people. The slithers could not enter the protection of the coral forest. There were too many eyes, so they would be noticed and dealt with before they had a chance to escape back to the open waters. They were not the most dependable of creatures, but they served their purpose as servants of Adaro and his clan.
As they moved closer to the edge of the forest, they shook the sands, causing a vibration, a ripple effect beneath the forest. It did not go unnoticed by Ellura or Morven. They sensed danger near and knew it was the doings of the sea beasts. Ellura and Morven stayed close to Willow, with hopes she would not detect their fears.
Ellura and Morven knew Willow was gaining strength each day. She could communicate with the entire Sea Kingdom and was revered for her gentleness and willingness to learn the ways of the clans. She was honored but also humbled, because she was aware her newfound knowledge and wisdom held great responsibility and sacrifices. Willow had already left behind her land family, whom she loved and missed, to enter into this preordained position. It had been chosen for her; it was written and promised, which weighed heavily at times. She hoped she could live up to what was expected of her; after all, she was not just a creature of the sea but of the land as well. She had to fulfill what was preordained, not only for her family beneath the sea, but for the family she had left behind as well.
Willow remained close to Ellura and Morven and could feel that Vala was always close by. As she grew stronger, she could hear the thoughts that raced through Vala's mind—his concerns for her safety, his concerns that he would not be able to protect her. She didn't want him to be concerned, but he could not be her primary responsibility.
She also sensed Morven's energy weakening, not only in her movements but in her color as well. The brilliant glow that encompassed her was dwindling; it seemed a mere soft cloud now surrounded her. When she and Willow glided in the darkness, it was Willow's glow that lit the way, when it was once Morven's brilliance that had lit up even the darkest corners of the sea.
Willow wondered how she would make it without Morven by her side. She had been with her since she entered the world of the water people. Morven was the one that shared the secrets from the ancients with her. She was the one who presented her to the world of the sea and showed her things that before had only been in Willow's dreams.
Willow felt there was still much to learn but did not want to pressure Morven for the answers. She had become so good at hiding her innermost thoughts that not even Morven or Ellura were privy to them anymore. Of course, this is what they had hoped for. This only assured them that Willow's transition to her place in the sea was occurring as it was meant to be. They could no longer hide from her, either. She could feel their presence and could instantly be there, no matter where they were in the sea world.
It was nearly time for the fish migration hunt again—only this time, Willow would not stray, and she would be on full alert. She knew the sea spirits would alert the pod of impending danger, for they could read the signs of the sands that shifted beneath them and often saw the surfacing of the slithers. It was well known they were the lookout for Adaro. It was Willow they spied on. She was the one who would hold the secrets of the ancients that would someday be passed to her by the Goddess of the Sea, Morven. Someday Willow would wield the power of the seas and land. Many in the open seas wanted that power, but if they crossed Adaro to try to take her powers for themselves, he would know, and they would suffer horribly.
Ellura called to Willow to meet her near the entrance of the cave of the ancients, where Morven had taken Willow to share the story of how the water people entered the endless waters for the final time. Willow approached the entrance before Ellura arrived. She wondered why it was not Morven meeting her. Although she was close to Ellura and sought her company often, it was Morven that shared her secrets of the cave.
Willow began to hear whispers coming from the entrance. She wasn't afraid—they were comforting sounds—yet she couldn't quite understand what they were saying. First, it was only a few voices, and then many seemed to chime in. They were calling her name, not beckoning, but it was her name she heard. The voices appeared to come like the waves gently caressing the sea; each one carried a small echo. It was so relaxing, Willow drifted off to sleep listening to the sounds that rippled upward from the cave. Each wave sent her deeper and deeper into sleep.
In her dreams, the voices came closer and closer from the cave, and as they approached the entrance, she could see the faces of gentle spirits of ancient water people. They spoke to her of the past and the importance of the cave. They shared with her that many before her had gone there to commune with the ancients for guidance to protect the water people. They told her that as each one made the transition, he or she would go to the cave and join with the spirit of the ancients. They informed her that soon she would be joined with the ancients, not through her transition, but by the silver thread that connected her to all the sea and land. She would know the wisdom of many eons of water people. She would hold within her the power that no one being had ever known in the endless waters, and she must honor and respect that power, for if she dishonored it in any way, she would lose it all and so would end the world of the water people. It would be a great responsibility, but she had been ordained since the beginning, since before the land people moved to the sea.
The ancients then told her of challenges and perils she would face. And they revealed a tragedy. At that moment she awakened with tears streaming down her face, for she knew that too was preordained and that she could do nothing about it without upsetting the balance of the future.
A moment later, Ellura appeared by her side, took her hand, and said, "You have learned much today, little one, but now it is time for you to go to the shore beneath the cave and sit with the ancient ones." All Willow wanted to do at that moment was retreat to her own cave and mourn what she had been shown. "There is no time for that now," Ellura said. "You must go now." Willow turned to go with Ellura, and then she realized it was meant for her and her alone. Her first thought was to instantly transport herself to wherever she wanted to be without any thought of how to get there, as she had done whenever she wanted to be somewhere soon. But the voice inside her whispered to enter slowly and know the inside of the cave as she would know her own cave.
Willow entered the darkness of the cave and seemed to know just where and how to navigate through the darkness. It all seemed so familiar to her: the feel of the water, the smell of the seaweed, the curves within the rock walls, and the flow of the current that carried her through the passageways. It seemed to take a long time to maneuver her way, but she felt at home, and it was comforting.
She knew there were many spirits that had taken this path before and many going along with her even then. She could not see anything, but occasionally she felt a gentle touch and the swiftness of the water rush past her and knew something was nearby. It was the touch she once felt when Ellura's silver hair brushed against her when she first looked into the endless waters. There was something then and now so recognizable about that touch.
Willow continued to glide softly through the cave, embracing every turn, and then she noticed a flicker of light ahead. The waters became warmer and clearer as the light became more brilliant. Soon she was pulling herself up out of the water onto the glistening sands of the cave of the ancients. She sat on the silky, warm sands, running her fingers through it, watching it gently flow back to the ground. Over and over she did this. It reminded her of the many times she had visited the shore when she lived on land. Those were happy and carefree times. She knew those were the days of her childhood and she must now turn her attention to the future and her responsibility. Her attention was brought back to the present, and as she sat there alone, she began to wonder why she was there.
A strong wind rushed past her, nearly knocking her over. She had not steadied herself, as she was more accustomed the movements of the sea than of land. The wind swirled around her again, but this time she was firmly planted in place. It continued to intensify as her golden hair whipped around her body like a cocoon encompassing a caterpillar before its metamorphosis into a butterfly. The wind stirred up the sands and began blocking her vision, yet she held her ground and remained unmoved. For some reason, the sands did not sting as they had when she'd experienced storms on land. The sand was gentle against her skin, as though someone were caressing her.
As suddenly as the winds had approached, they subsided, and there was stillness. Willow lifted her head up. She gasped at what stood before her. There, hovering before her, were spirits that were illuminated with a silver translucency that shimmered brilliantly in what appeared to be a cloud that encircled her.
She couldn't speak but knew who they were without asking. They glided closer to her, though there was no water as they drifted above the sands. Soon each, one by one, reached out and touched her forehead. As they did, a luminous silver thread bridged between her and the one who touched her, until the circle was completed. There were no spoken words communicated between them and Willow. There didn't need to be. Her connection was complete.
When they had all sent forth the silver threads, they bowed, turned, and disappeared. Willow dropped to the sands. As she lay flat, she could observe only the images that raced through her mind, apparently finding their own place to rest until they were needed. Her thoughts became the embodiment of all the ancients that ever were.
Willow would never be the same. She could feel that deep within her. She had seen many lifetimes of many ancients—how they lived before they had entered the endless waters, how they had made their transition from land to sea, and how they had passed into the spirit life. She now possessed the wisdom of those who came before her.
Willow knew her destiny, yet there were still tasks that lay ahead before she would be complete. She remained on the sands for a while, and then knew she needed to return to prepare for the hunt. This time she needed to be there quickly, so she did not take the time to linger back in the cave. She knew it was her sanctuary, and she would return.

20
Vala noticed that Ellura and Willow left early that morning and that Morven had stayed behind. He thought it might be the only time he could be alone with Morven to discuss his concerns. He approached her cave and saw her sitting on the edge just outside the entrance. He stood behind a tall coral tree, contemplating whether or not he should bother her with such things. After all, she had more pressing things to think about, with Willow and the responsibilities she would someday pass to her. He hesitated for a moment and decided it was a matter he should deal with on his own. He slowly turned to glide away.
Morven looked down and said, "I have been waiting for you, Vala. Come near." This didn't surprise him, because Morven had the knowledge of the ancients, knew all that happened among the water people, and surely knew he was there. He could not hide from someone with such insight. She knew the fears and the joys of all the water people and often held counsel with them from time to time, especially those coming of age to mate. "Come sit with me, Vala, and tell me what troubles you." Of course, she already knew what was on his mind, but she did not let him suspect she did.
So many thoughts raced through his mind, he didn't know where to begin. He was a proud young man and was truly becoming a man in many ways. He sat up straight next to her and began to tell her he had wanted to be by Willow's side as her mate and her protector, but he felt her powers were getting stronger and stronger, so she would not need him. He expressed how it annoyed him to have her glide through the waters with the speed of light, leaving him behind or hiding from him.
Morven listened intently as he shared his trepidations about how being Willow's mate would require the need of her respect. He did not ask Morven for anything, but he knew she would understand and perhaps have some insight or guidance for him. After all, Willow would be taking on Morven's place as Goddess of the Sea some day.
She looked at him and said in the unspoken words, "It is true Willow gains in her knowledge of the ancients and her power increases daily, but it is you she will turn to for comfort and support when there are troubles in the Sea Kingdom. The both of you will face great challenges together on this journey. This is not a journey she takes alone. You have known since you were old enough to remember that you were chosen for her. The ancients will not leave you behind, nor will they leave you unguarded against the perils that lie ahead. You will also have the guidance of the ancients and be provided with tools you'll need when they are needed. Though Willow will be the Goddess of all the Sea Kingdom, it is you she will need by her side, and you will be there."
Morven motioned for him to follow her and said, "Stay by my side, no matter what." She steadily sped through the waters. Vala did not give thought to what he was doing but only knew she had asked him to stay by her side, no matter what. They navigated in and out of caves and wove through the coral forest with the ease of the water, and then Morven stopped at the other end of the coral forest.
Vala was unwavering as he clung to Morven's side. He looked around and noticed they were far beyond the coral forest and far from Morven's cave. She had only spoken to him about staying by her side moments before. How did they arrive there so quickly? Morven turned to him and said, "You too have the blood of the ancients and the power to move through the waters at the speed of light; you just never tried." Vala just looked at Morven; he was too surprised to speak.
Morven asked him to return to the entrance of her cave so they could continue with their talk. She turned and disappeared like Willow had done with him so many times. He hovered for a moment and then saw himself at Morven's cave, and in a flash, he was standing before her. Morven was sitting there, waiting for him. "Well done, but with a little more practice, you will ride the sea alongside Willow." Vala sat down to reflect on what Morven had just shown him about himself. She reached down and touched his arm and said, "There is more for you to learn and understand, but we do not have much more time now. I will call for you again soon. But for now, I must leave."
As Vala began to speak to her, she vanished. He knew not to try to follow, or she would have asked him to do so. He glided off the ledge of the cave and into the coral forest, with all she had shared with him running through his thoughts. He felt renewed with hope that he could be by Willow's side and protect her. He was encouraged to discover he would be able to do what the ancients had planned for him. They had known he would be the one since before he was born; it was in his blood too.

21
Willow appeared at the entrance of the cave, where Ellura and Morven were waiting for her. They smiled and hugged one another without saying a word. The glow on Morven's face said it all. She and Ellura had also met with the ancients, but never in the way Willow had. Willow did not volunteer much information about what had transpired. Ellura and Morven exchanged glances with pride, and it showed in the radiance that illuminated their faces. They saw the change in Willow immediately; she had gone into the cave still a child and had emerged a woman with the wisdom of a thousand years. They knew she would soon be ready to take her place among the pod and in the Sea Kingdom. But now it was time for the migration.
Willow took her place next to Morven and Ellura as they called forth their Delfin brothers from the open waters. The waters churned with excitement once again. The water people and the Delfin Clan would dance through the waters together in search of the fish migration. The younger men and women of the water people gathered the small nets they had woven from the strong seaweed that grew in the center of the coral forest. They tied them in clumps around their waists as they glided in unison with the Delfin Clan. This dance was one they all knew so well and looked forward to. It was an opportunity for the water people not only to hunt with them and assist the fishermen from the land, but also to race through the open waters without fear of the sea beasts as well. They would not dare approach them in the presence of the Delfin Clan. Though they were mighty and fearsome, they were no match for the power and speed that the Delfins possessed, especially as a group.
During the hunts, however, the mighty sea beasts were certainly ever watching for stragglers to break away from the protection of the convoy, as Willow had done. She would be at her most alert this time. Not only was she aware of the dangers that lurked in the shadows, but she knew she would be a target. She had been warned by the ancients of the dangers that awaited her. She was diligent with her every move, watching, feeling the movements of the waters, and listening for fear that would echo from the other sea creatures when danger prevailed. These were all indications of dangers that threatened her pod in the open waters.
The waters began to ripple with more intensity as the Delfins drew near. Willow could hear their call and responded back in their language as though she had always done so. It was the call Morven had used since she had returned to the endless waters and taken her place as the Goddess of the Sea. She had been the one announcing the beginning of the hunt for the fish migration.
Since Willow's return from the cave of the ancients, Morven had been aware that it was time for her to step back a bit and let Willow move forward. This tradition had been passed down along the same lineage as the first pod that had entered the sea. Willow was from that first pod, although she had grown up on land. She had come from the gift given to the childless mother back many years before she was born. It was Morven who had been given as the gift. She was the child given to the childless mother. She had come from the sea and spent years on the land, then returned to the sea when it was her time to take her place. She had left her daughter and her daughter's daughter to bridge the water and land people, knowing her great-great-granddaughter would return to the sea and take her place as the Goddess of the Sea.
Morven loved her granddaughter very much and had followed her growing up through the tales Ellura shared with her. She knew the time was coming when she would be leaving the pod and joining the ancients. She too would someday reside in the ancient cave of transition. Now she would share with Willow as much as she could until the final moment when she would give to Willow all that remained to complete her journey.
The Delfin Clan arrived and one by one joined the water people they had traveled with on other hunts. Then the two raced to the surface, leaping in and out of the waves together until it became one movement in perfect synchronicity. Then the dance began. After pairing up with a member of the Delfin Clan, they formed a tight-knit group that glided through the waters. The other family members of the pod glided close to the center of the group, where they would be protected from any harm that tried to single them out. Like Vala, Willow did not have a Delfin, yet she was in constant connection with Llyr, who stayed in the shadows, just far enough ahead to alert Willow if need be.
Willow could feel the churning of the waters even before Llyr alerted them the migration was approaching. She gave the call to move forward. There was excitement among the clans as they moved into place to encircle the migrating fish. As they had done so many times before, they tightened the circle, and then the water people tossed their nets into the cluster of fish and pulled tight the seaweed threads. Then they dropping their catch to the sea floor until they got all they needed. They held the group of fish tightly so the Delfins could dive in and out, getting their fill. It wasn't as if the Delfins needed the catch, but this was the way they had always done it, and it brought joy to both clans.
A call bellowed through the water from Llyr, announcing the location of the boats—the ones Willow's family was a part of. But this time Willow knew where her responsibilities lay. She no longer had the leisure of rushing to the surface to see her father and brother. She was becoming a leader, and the safety of her pod was at stake. Willow joined in steering the migration to the boats so the fishermen could cast their nets. They cast them until their boats were filled, and then they began tossing fish to the Delfins, who leaped alongside of their boats. No fishermen were aware of the water people beneath their boats. They still thought the stories of them were only myths—all but one, Audra.
As the hunt came to an end and the circle released the migration to continue on their journey, the Delfins and the pod turned toward home. Just before they began their dive to the depths of the open waters, Willow called out to her mother. Audra was sitting on the shore, waiting for the boats to return, though she could not see them yet. "Mother, there will be many fish to prepare for the smokehouse. Father has done well again, and he is safe."
Audra fell to her knees on shore. "My daughter, my daughter, you are always in my heart." Tears cascaded down her cheeks, reaching the gentle waves that touched the shore.
Willow could feel the ripple and smell the sweet salt from her mother's tears that merged with the sea. "You are always near to me as well, Mother," Willow answered. Audra knew her daughter was near but felt Willow had become what she was promised to be and feared this would end all hope of ever seeing her precious daughter again. But she knew Willow was well, and that was enough.
Willow joined the dive to the bottom to pick up the nets of fish with the others. She spotted Vala tying the nets around his waist with some of the other young men near clusters of coral. She glided over toward him to join him on the other side of the coral, but when she arrived, he was gone. He was just here, she thought. In an instant, he was behind her. She swung around, finding him hovering there. "How did you get here so...You know, don't you?" she said.
"Yes," he replied. "How could I have stayed by your side without knowing?" It was no longer a game for them; it was part of what they would need to know to survive. She smiled at him, and the two glided with the rest of the group toward their own coral forest.
Willow was pleased that Vala could travel with her that way. She knew it had started to concern him, but she hadn't known how to address it until she spent time with the ancients in the cave. They revealed to her that Vala would develop in his own way in his own time and that there would be strengths that not even she would be aware of until they surfaced.
They had explained to her that Vala also was from a strong ancient bloodline, and it would take the both of them to overcome the struggles they would face. Something else they shared with her that she could not understand yet was that between the two, there would grow two. She had asked them to explain, but they told her the day would come that it would become clear. So Willow stored it in her warehouse of thoughts for another time. She knew that when she was to understand the full message, it would all make sense.

22
Willow and Vala grew closer with each passing day, yet there were days Willow would disappear for long periods, and he did not know where she was and didn't want to ask when she returned. He was aware she was preparing for her place in the Sea Kingdom. He could only imagine what that would entail. Many times when she was away, so was Morven or Ellura. He assumed they were together, sharing more of the secrets Morven wanted to pass to Willow before her transition.
Everyone knew it would not be long before Morven would retreat to the depths of the cave of the ancients, never to return again, and then Willow would take her place as the Goddess of the Sea. Still, there were things that needed to be done before that day. Vala knew more than anyone why they stayed away so long. Willow was studying the ways of the ancients, and it was apparent that Morven weakened as Willow strengthened. There would be times the two would glide into the open waters with her friend Llyr to places the rest could only speculate about. None would dare travel in the open waters without a group of Delfins, but Llyr was the God of the Sea, the ancient of the Delfin Clan, and the leader of all Delfins. No one feared when Morven and Willow were out there with Llyr.
One day, as Willow and Morven set out to the open waters with Llyr, Vala remained at the edge of the coral forest near the caves, where he and Willow often sat. He was alone and reflecting on all that had happened in what seemed to be such a short time. Willow had been among the water people for only two fish migrations. A mirgration of fish to the warmer waters happened only once a year. It had not been that long since he had been by her side when she first entered into the endless waters.
Vala reflected on the time when she couldn't see anything and had no control of her movements. Hidden in the darkness of the waters, he had reached out and touched her arm, and it had comforted her, though she could not see him. Then he remembered when she had watched him from the edge of the forest, thinking he hadn't seen her. Vala had glided behind her, and they had become entangled in her long, golden hair, forcing them so close he could feel her breathe. He could have found her anywhere then, but now he needed to leave her alone with her teachers.
Vala still had a curious side. He wanted to know what they were doing out in the open waters. He wanted to experience what she was experiencing. He wanted to share it all with her. He saw Llyr in the distance with Willow, and he wondered where Morven was. He couldn't see her anywhere. Maybe she had glided past him without him seeing her. He watched as Willow and Llyr ventured out further and further into the open waters. He could hardly stand it any longer. What would be the harm if I stayed close, but out of sight, to watch what Llyr was teaching Willow? He thought. It would only help me to understand her better.
Vala was not even aware that he was advancing out into the open waters and the protection of the coral was disappearing behind him. Soon there would be no protection, and he would be vulnerable to the dangers that lurked there without the guidance of the Delfin Clan. He tried to follow closely, but not so close that he disturbed the waters, for he knew Willow would detect the movements. She was mastering the feeling of the waters as well as the sights and smells. She could detect when a migration of fish was approaching; she would even know when the giant shell clans were about to gather sand for their pearls. Day by day she became more aware of her environment, and she would need that to protect herself and the creatures of the sea.
Vala knew Willow would detect any sudden glide or movement he'd make, and she would be aware he was near. And if she did not notice, he wondered if Llyr would. He was the God of the Sea and the ancient of the Delfin Clan. Who would know the open waters better?
At times Vala felt they were moving too fast for him to keep up, yet he did not want to move any faster, for fear of being noticed. Ahead there was a large outcrop of rocks as well as small caves, and Willow and Llyr disappeared behind them. At first he thought Willow knew he was close and was going to surprise him as she had done in the past. He remained in the distance for a while, and nothing happened. He was afraid he would lose them if he remained where he was. He slowly glided forward to the rock outcrop and hovered near the small caves. He inched his way around the rocks, clinging onto each one, then poked his head forward just enough to see what was ahead without giving himself away. Rock by rock, he moved, yet there was no Willow or Llyr. He continued around to the other side—still nothing. He stood very still for a moment, hoping to hear her or see a stirring in the water, giving her position away. But nothing happened. He clung to one of the rocks for a little longer, hoping they would reappear.
The open waters were cooler than those of the coral forest, yet the water seemed to be getting warmer as he continued out into the open sea. Not only was it getting warmer, but it had a strange smell. It smelled like dying fish to him. Vala's whole body became rigid. He sensed danger; yes, it was danger he was feeling. He thought for a moment. I'd better return to the safety of the coral forest.
As he swung himself around to begin his glide home, he was face-to-face with Adaro. The Great Sea Beast's breath was strong with the odor of death, and Vala could feel it against his entire body. He froze. There he was, in front of the most dreaded of all the beasts of the sea, and there was nowhere to go. His fear overpowered him, and he could not think rationally. He couldn't remember a single thing Morven had taught him, nor did he know where to turn. His fear only intensified as the giant, black beast slowly came closer. There was no place to hide or escape to. Not only did his fear mount, but he also felt foolish for having wandered out into the open waters alone.
Adaro glared at Vala, and then he realized this was the one the sea creatures whispered about that would someday be Willow's mate. What a great catch he will make! Adaro knew Vala's fear would call Willow to the open waters, and he would finally have his chance to destroy her before she could receive the final power from Morven. He would finally rule the seas, with Willow's power becoming his once he devoured her. He hovered over Vala, securing the ripples of fear that emanated from him. It would be only moments until Willow would come to his rescue, and she would be his.
Adaro was so busy looking for Willow to approach, he didn't notice Vala trying to make a run for it through the open waters toward the coral forest. Vala had speed far beyond any of the water people Adaro had ever encountered, yet he would be no match for the ancient sea beast. Vala noticed an outcrop of coral ahead and thought, If only I can make it there and hide from the sea beast, just maybe he will give up his pursuit. Little did he know that Adaro had waited too long for the opportunity to snare the future Goddess of the Sea and all her powers to give up on the chase.
The powers Morven taught Vala about the movements within the sea were an advantage and briefly kept him out of the mighty jaws of Adaro, but he feared he would not be able to escape. He had to try; there was too much at stake for the future of the Sea Kingdom if he were to perish to the land of the ancients. He sped his glide, determined to bring himself within the safety of the coral. Maybe he would be able to think of something, if he could just make it.
Vala could not outsmart this mighty beast, and he could feel Adaro's breath so close he knew it would be any moment. Fear ripped through every part of his body, sending shockwaves through the open waters like a fierce storm. Sea creatures came out of their resting places and rushed to try to distract the sea beast from Vala. But it was to no avail; Adaro continued his pursuit.
Suddenly, there was a shattering call across the ripples of water. It was Willow, speaking the language of the ancients loud enough for all creatures to hear, especially Adaro. He came to an immediate halt. Willow was above him. He braced his mighty body to prepare to attack her. She had not received her power from Morven yet, and he knew he could overpower her.
Willow lured him away from Vala toward the open waters without any thought of her own safety. She was fully aware of everything around her. She felt no fear; she was focused completely on what was happening. She kept her speed up just enough to stay one step ahead of Adaro to give Vala the chance to escape.
Adaro thrived on the sea creatures' fears, yet sensed none from Willow. It puzzled him, which made him somewhat suspicious, yet he would not give up. He knew this would be his greatest accomplishment, and soon he would rule the sea world. He was aware she already possessed great powers that she would surely use to avoid his grasp, but his desire to have those powers only made his determination stronger. And once she was fully into the open waters without any coral hiding places, she would be his for the taking. He could almost feel her power becoming his, he was that close. Then she would never be able to receive the final gift from Morven, and since Morven was weakening, she too would be his.
Willow raced further into the open waters. She did not call out to Llyr like she had done before; this was something she had to do on her own. She only hoped she could. Her powers were still developing, and Adaro had been strengthening his for a long time. She could hear the voices of wisdom echoing through her head; the voices of the ancients. Though they gave her direction and guidance during difficult times, she would need much more to outwit Adaro, or she too would become one of the spirits of the ancients.
Adaro continued after her. She intensified her glide, yet he stayed with her no matter what speed she increased to. How could he stay this course? She suddenly realized he had destroyed many before her that also had the gift from the ancients, and now those powers of those he had taken were his. Willow tried not to panic, but he was about to overcome her, and she had done all she'd been taught to stay just out of his reach. She could see he was more powerful than she had anticipated.
Then there was another shrieking cry, which held them both riveted for a moment. It was a sound neither one on them had ever heard. Adaro turned briefly enough to see it was Morven. She glided toward both of them with such speed, it startled Adaro. He hesitated. That was enough time for Willow to turn and head for Morven. Adaro caught her flight out of the corner of his eye. "No!" he cried. She cannot reach Morven now. He knew that Morven would give Willow her final gift, and he would be doomed. He raced toward Willow, but she was too fast.
A wave of death swept past Adaro. He turned toward Morven and saw blood spewing from her side, where she had pierced it with a piece of coral. He could not resist the smell of blood, and he knew he would get to her in her weakened state. He knew if he devoured Morven before Willow approached her, she would never receive the final gift of power, and then it would only be a matter of time until Willow too would be his. His plan was even better than he'd expected.
Adaro's attention was fully on Morven. He knew he could overtake her, especially since she was injured. As he raced to take Morven, he noticed she did not try to escape. He assumed she was too weak from her blood loss. She would be an easy kill, and then he would have her powers. This would break the connection between the water people and the ancients. It would destroy their way of life, and there would be no one to defy his rule.
Adaro opened his mighty jaws in anticipation of devouring Morven, ending her rule of the sea and destroying any chance Willow would ever have. He sprang forward, picking up momentum. Just as he was about to overcome her, Morven let out a bloodcurdling sound that reverberated through the entire Sea Kingdom. She was encompassed in an intense, glowing light, and from that brilliance came forth a silver thread out of her forehead. Willow echoed Morven's call, and then the silver thread arced across the waters and entered Willow's forehead. Adaro made one last lunge and took Morven with his mighty jaws, turned, and disappeared into the darkness of the sea.
It was too late for Adaro; the gift had been given to Willow. The bond had been completed through the silver thread that had bridged Willow and Morven. Morven's power was now Willow's, and he knew he was doomed; it was just a matter of time. Willow screamed out for Morven, but it was too late. Adaro had devoured her and retreated to the darkness of the sea. There was nothing she could do.
Vala glided to her side, but she refused to be comforted. He knew she held him accountable for Morven's death. She disappeared, leaving him there in the open waters alone. There was no use going after her. If she did not want him to know where she was, he wouldn't be able to find her, no matter how hard he tried.
His guilt shadowed all else. He could not return to the coral forest, knowing he was responsible. Had he broken the lineage? He thought, What have I done? He wasn't sure where he should go. He could not return to his pod, nor could he seek the advice of Morven any longer. He glided toward the coral forest, pondering what he should do to make this right. He thought, If I could destroy Adaro, then maybe Willow could forgive me. He came closer to the edge of the coral forest and stared into the comfort zone he'd always known but now felt he would be cast out if he entered. He glided on the outskirts for a while and then rested on a rock pile just outside the entrance. How could I have been so reckless? I have caused so much pain to Willow and helped in the destruction of his pod's beloved Goddess of the Sea. How will anyone ever forgive me?
He sat with his head in his hands, then sat up and slowly glided to the cave on the other side of the forest, where he and Willow had often sat, looking out on the open waters. He thought, This is where I will live out my days in isolation. He could not bring any more shame upon the pod. Yes, this is where I'll stay. Willow will find another mate more worthy of her. Now that she will not have the burden of her lineage, maybe she can enjoy the coral forest as normal water people do.
"Oh, such self-loathing." Vala lifted up his head to see who had spoken. There at the edge of the cave was Llyr, facing him. "Do you really think you yielded such power that Morven could not defend herself from the grasps of the Great Sea Beast? Do you think she could not escape with Willow?"
Vala looked puzzled. "What do you mean?" he asked.
"Morven could have easily fled with you and Willow, or I could have called forth the Delfin Clan to your rescue before Willow or Morven arrived. This is what Morven planned. There is much more strength now for Willow, and for Morven."
"But Morven is gone."
"Yes, but her spirit is now even greater, as you will see. There will come a day you will see it firsthand, but for now, you must return home."
"But what of Willow?" Vala asked.
"She will be away for a while, but you must continue in the ways Morven taught you. Ellura will be your teacher until Willow returns. You both have a great journey ahead."

23
Willow retreated to the cave of the ancients with tears streaming down her cheeks as she sat on the sands in the shadows of the cave. She pulled herself as far back into the cave as she could, where it was nearly dark. She dwelled on what had just happened, wondering why Morven had chosen that time to give her the final gift. But she knew Morven had planned the whole event to happen just as it had. She also knew Adaro could not enjoy the powers once belonging to Morven, as he'd planned. His hope had been to devour Morven with her powers still intact, thus giving them to him. It would have made it so much easier to capture Willow and claim her powers as well.
She also knew Adaro would not surface for a long time, knowing there would be severe consequences facing him. He had to retreat to the darkness of the sea to assess what he could do next. He knew he must have Willow's powers to rule the seas, but that would be more difficult than ever, for Willow was the Goddess of Sea, with all the power and wisdom of all the ancients. This was not something he would jump into without a well-thought-out plan.
As Willow lay on the sand in the darkness, her tears began to dry yet still stung her face. She drifted off to sleep. It was in her dreams the visions became clear to her—but this time, her body and mind remained quiet. Deeper and deeper her entire body drifted until there was nothing; she felt and saw nothing. There was only emptiness. Everything had been drained from her body and mind; she was nothing but a shell. Her body lay there in the dark stillness. How long she was there, she didn't know. But very slowly, her thoughts resurfaced, and gradually she sensed a tingle through her toes, then her legs, then up through her body and to the rest of her being.
Willow felt rested, renewed, rejuvenated, and awakened. She knew she was more than she had ever been before. She felt energy rush through her every thought. She sat up and opened her eyes. She was still in the same spot in the back of the cave, yet it glowed with a powerful, luminous light. She wondered what was making it and suddenly realized it was emanating from herself. She was the source of light. She cast a light so brilliant it would blind the average creature.
How could this be? she thought. Where did this light come from, and why am I the one glowing? Suddenly, the winds blew into the cave, and sand swirled around her. She had felt this before and knew it was the ancients approaching. She stood up this time to greet them. It was only moments before the ancients hovered before her. She gently and slowly bowed in respect. They in turn bowed to her. Then they did something that surprised her: they knelt in front of her. As they knelt before her, another brilliant light glided over them and stopped in front of the reverent circle of ancients. It was Morven.
Willow stood in amazement at her beauty and regal appearance. She hovered there, speaking to Willow the ancient language, and Willow understood it all. She too knelt, and Morven reached out and gently caressed her cheek, then turned and vanished. The ancients hovered there for moment, each touching Willow's forehead, and then also turning and vanishing.
Willow's heart was filled with joy from seeing Morven. She knew Morven was not only with the ancients but was now their goddess, which meant she would always be there for her. There was much to understand and absorb, for now Willow held the wisdom and secrets of all the ancients and the power Morven had given her. She knew she had to sit in the stillness of the cave of the ancients with each new thought she'd received with this new gift. She knew she must sit until she was able to pull forth the new wisdom at will to protect the Sea Kingdom.
There were many things Morven shared with her as they spoke in the cave, but now it was Willow who would carry the responsibility. She would have to make the decisions for her pod and be the counselor for the other clans as well. She was now the bridge between the water and land people as well. She must watch over both and do what must be done to ensure the future for both, and that would mean sacrifices she would have to be willing to make.
Willow's focus as she sat there was to channel her wisdom and power. She spent many days and nights in the cave, formulating and reviewing all Morven had said. She could feel the change in her thoughts and in her body. She had been emptied and then filled with knowledge and understanding of why she was chosen, why she must fulfill the promise made so long ago—and she was ready. When the time was right, she would emerge from the cave of the Goddess of the Sea.
Vala knew Willow would be away for a long time, for Llyr had told him it must be done that way. He wasn't impatient but missed her and wanted to be by her side. He paced the coral forest every day, practicing his gliding speed and envisioning where he wanted to be and then appearing there. Sometimes he appeared where he shouldn't and would be chastised by those he imposed upon.
It wasn't long until Ellura approached him and motioned for him to follow her. They glided to the edge of the entrance to the cave of the ancients, though he did not know where they were or why. She told him to wait there until she returned; no matter what happened, he was not to enter the cave. She explained to him it was forbidden, and he respected that coming from Ellura. She was the woman of the water, and her words required great honor and respect. She told him there would be many coming to speak to him and he must regard their words.
Vala sat on a rock at the entrance to the cave, next to a mighty shell. He was determined to do as Ellura said and not move from that place. After all that had happened in the open seas and the loss of Morven, he would not go against her wishes. "I will not leave this spot until she returns, no matter what," he said.
Vala sat there for what seemed like hours, yet he did not move. He became tired and thought he'd rest for a moment. He leaned against the giant shell and drifted off to sleep. Then he felt something touching his forehead, and he opened his eyes. He was so startled, he started to glide away, yet remembered "no matter what." He composed himself and sat back on the rock.
Vala could not take his eyes off the magnificent being hovering before him. It was not like any creature he'd ever seen; the being was almost transparent and seemed larger than life. The being did not say anything, but reached out his hand and laid it on Vala's forehead. Vala felt a pulse running through the very spot where the being was touching him. The energy seemed to cascade down through every part of his body. When the being slowly withdrew his hand, he smiled at Vala, then turned and vanished.
Soon another being appeared, and the same thing happened. And each time, Vala felt something changing within him. Finally, when it appeared it had ended, he leaned against the giant shell once more and fell into a deep sleep. He dreamed of Morven and Willow. He dreamed they sat together talking, as if nothing had happened. In his dream, Morven was still alive and well, and as strong as ever—even stronger.
Vala awakened feeling very hungry. He hadn't eaten since Ellura had left him there, yet he would not leave until she returned. He was so hungry, he began to feel lightheaded. "Oh, how I would love just a morsel to eat," he said. He felt the giant shell move, and he jumped back.
She opened her mighty shell and said, "Take what you need." He hesitated for a moment; for he knew the giant shell clan only offered such nourishment to the chosen ones. He reached in and graciously took a very small morsel and put it in his mouth. It wasn't like any food he'd ever tasted, but instantly he felt refreshed and satisfied. He bent down and thanked the mighty shell and told her he had all he needed. Without saying a word, she slowly closed her mighty shell.
Vala continued to wait there for Ellura to return. He felt a change in himself he could not explain. His thoughts had more assurance and direction. His body was tingling with a strength he'd never experienced, but he somehow knew it was from the spirits that visited him and the nourishment he'd received from the giant shell.
Suddenly, he could hear the call of Willow. She was calling out to him with her mind in the way she had told him about, not through speaking. He could sense her drawing near as well. It wasn't just a feeling; he knew she was coming. His heart began to race with anticipation. He could feel her joy radiating through his being, which delighted him. She is not mad at me, he thought.
She replied, "Of course I am not mad at you. You did what was meant to be done in order for the gift to be given to me." He had known she was good at reading others, but she was more powerful than ever. And he too would have to be careful with his thoughts. This was one of the gifts that had been given to him by the spirits that had touched him while he waited, but he knew hiding anything from Willow would nearly be impossible.
Ellura glided up beside Vala and smiled but said nothing, and neither did he for a moment. Then he said, "She's coming. Willow is returning." Ellura looked up at him and smiled again. Vala turned toward Willow as she approached from the entrance of the cave. Then he turned toward Ellura, but she had vanished. Willow glided closer and closer to Vala. He noticed right away she was different, yet the same. She came up to him and put her arms around him, and he put his around her. They held each other without speaking.
Then Willow spoke to him in the language of the ancients. Vala was surprised to understand everything she was telling him, yet they had never communicated that way before. She told him there would be many times they would speak that way together, but it was important no one else but Ellura knew of it. She told him of some of the things yet to come and how the way they could speak to one another was critical for the well-being of the Sea Kingdom. He agreed without question.
Willow looked into his eyes, and he could see the wisdom reflected in hers. She was the one he was meant to mate with, and he felt pride in knowing she had accepted him. She said, "We will soon be joined and have much to prepare for, for there is yet a great challenge that lies ahead for us, and we will need the power of two for this. You will be by my side as my equal." He leaned up and kissed her forehead. Then Willow said, "We must return to the center of the coral forest now." Then, without saying another word, they turned and were there together at the same time, hovering in the center of the coral forest together.
Ellura appeared by their side, then glided above the forest and hovered for a moment. The word traveled among the clans that Ellura would speak, and since she did not speak much, when she did it was always in a gentle whisper. The clans gathered. It seemed the entire Sea Kingdom had become still and quiet. There she was, hovering above with her long, luminous, silver hair swirling in the current. The glow that radiated from her engulfed her in brilliant silver light. As she began to speak, not another sound in the sea could be heard. Everyone was completely entranced by her beauty and gentleness; after all, she was the woman of the water.
She softly said, "Do not weep or mourn for Morven, for she has not perished; she has returned to the home of the ancients. Before the sea beast took her body, she gave to Willow the final gift. Now a part of her will eternally reside within Willow. Willow has been given the gifts of the ancients. It is done! Willow is now the Goddess of all the Sea Kingdom." Though her words were soft, they echoed through all the endless waters. Her words were carried beyond the waters on the crests of the waves that came ashore.
Audra was sitting in her rocking chair on the knoll, where she'd often sat in the evenings alone, when Willow would approach and lay a shawl across her shoulders. She was thinking of Willow at that very moment when she heard the sounds of the sea and knew the promise had been fulfilled and her daughter was now ruler of the endless waters. A tear fell from her eye, not from sorrow or loss, but for joy, for her daughter was happy and was where she was always meant to be. The wind caught her tear and carried it out to sea. When it landed on the wave and become a part of the sea, Willow felt her tear against her cheek. She called out in the language she and Audra alone had shared on shore, "I will always be near, and we will see each other again."
Audra called back to her in their language, "Be well, my daughter; you are always in my heart." She sat listening to the waves washing up on the shore with such gentleness. The salt air kissed her face as it blew past her. With each wave, she could hear joy from the endless waters.
As Audra sat on the knoll overlooking the endless waters, thinking of Willow, Nyle came up behind her and placed a shawl around her shoulder. He knelt and kissed her head. She reached up, took his arm, turned toward him, and said, "Willow has fulfilled the promise that was made long ago, and she will remain in the sea, but she has spoken to me, and we will see her again."
He leaned against her and said, "I know, my darling wife, I know." She didn't question him, and he said no more. He sat down beside her, and the two of them spent the rest of the evening staring out over the waters in the way they had never done before. Willow was a part of the sea, and they were at peace with that and the endless waters.

24
Willow spoke to Vala in their language, telling him they must plan to be joined soon and asking him to meet with her at the entrance of the cave of the ancients. Vala wondered why they would go there separately, but he trusted Willow and honored her request. No one but the chosen ever visited the cave of the ancients or even knew where it was. He had heard stories about its existence but did not know anyone who had ever been there. Of course, if they had, they would not speak of it. It was forbidden and sacred. It was said that where the spirits of the ancients resided was sacred ground. Only Morven and Ellura would have been there, for they carried the secrets of the ancients. However, when Willow disappeared for a long time with Morven and Ellura, he suspected they were there, or at least close by. Willow was chosen, and everyone knew she held special powers and wisdom in her blood from the ancients. She was also the great-great-granddaughter of Morven, so indeed she would be privileged to go there.
Vala appeared at the entrance, but Willow was not there yet, which was a surprise to him, for he knew she could travel beyond time and space faster than any. This is where she wanted him to meet her, and so he waited.
Willow had been summoned into the cave by Morven and asked to come alone. She lingered on the sands, waiting for Morven. Willow waited for the sands to begin to stir, yet there was only stillness, and then Morven was there. The light from her body was even more brilliant then it had been in the coral forest.
Morven said that before Willow and Vala could join, he must come into the cave of the ancients to that spot alone. Willow looked up at her hovering just slightly above her and said, "He has never been here before. How will he find his way?"
Morven smiled. "He will be guided."
"Who will guide him?" Willow asked.
Morven looked at her. "Vala has been chosen, not only by you to be your mate, but by all the ancients before he was born. He will enter the cave and receive the gifts that have been waiting for him alone. It will take two halves of the lineage to complete this passage. It does not end with you and Vala, but without each other, it will end."
Morven sent Willow to Vala with his instructions. Willow emerged from the cave's entrance, where Vala was waiting for her. She explained that he had to enter the cave alone and find his way to the sand shore at the entrance of the cave on the land side. He looked at her and asked, "How will I know my way without you to guide me?"
Willow said, "Enter and listen to the silence and the voices inside you, and you will find the way." Something inside him was pulling him closer to the entrance and into the darkness. He was not afraid, nor did he doubt her words.
He remembered a feeling he'd experienced when the spirits had visited him as he lay on the giant shell. He turned to Willow. "We will soon be joined, but I know I must first make this journey alone." He slowly entered the darkness. He could not see or feel anything. For a moment, he felt unsure and apprehensive. He took a deep breath and thought only of Willow and how he wanted to be by her side until the end of their days. He glided through the waters with ease, not questioning where he was going but trusting the gentle pull of the current and keeping his mind on Willow.
In and out, up and down the current carried him, but always gently. The gentleness nearly rocked him to sleep, but he pulled his thoughts back to why he was there. He reached an area where cool waters hit against a current of warm waters. He had two choices: to continue in the cool waters or to follow the gentle, warm waters. He was not familiar with gliding in warm waters, but he felt it was the right path to follow. He stood for a mere second and listened. Yes, I should follow the warmth of the current. The water became shallower, and a light was shining through the warm waters. Soon he found himself crawling onto a sandy shore beneath a cave.
Vala sat on the warm sands alone. He thought about calling to Willow for assurance, but he knew what he alone needed to do. But he wasn't sure why. He sat there for what seemed a long time, yet it was where he was meant to be. That he was sure of. He began to feel lightheaded, so he lay on the glistening sands. The warmth of the sand relaxed him, and he fell into a deep sleep.
Vala dreamt of all the events that had occurred since Willow had arrived from the land. His mind began spinning, and soon all the thoughts ran together like a twisted clump of seaweed. The harder he tried to formulate his dreams, the more entangled they got. He became more weary and exhausted from his struggle, and then it all went dark and empty. There were no thoughts, no feelings—just emptiness, a complete void.
Vala's nearly lifeless body lay still on the sandy shore in an abyss. The sands swirled around him, yet he felt nothing. He lay there, unable to feel anything or even know anything was happening. The swirling sands subsided. The ancients had arrived, each stretching out their silver threads around Vala until he was in a cocoon of illuminated strands of silver lights. His body began to rise above the cave sands, suspended by the ethereal strands that connected him to the spirits of the ancients. Then they laid him gently down on the sand and vanished.
Vala felt the life come back into his body, but it was not the life he had known. He did not understand this strange feeling. He sat there in a daze, wondering what had happened. His mind was spinning again, but this time, clear thoughts appeared and then seemed to disappear in the hidden fractions of his mind, with each thought finding its resting place for when it would be needed. Vala felt stronger and more attuned to his part of the great journey that lay ahead for him and Willow. Piece by piece, pictures formed, and a knowledge solidified: this was what he was meant to do all his life. This was the predestined journey he would take; but now he had the clear knowledge of what his role would be.
Vala knew he was not the same being that had entered the cave, and whatever had happened in there would reshape who he was. He sat there on the shore, staring at the warm water for a while. The water seemed to come closer and closer to him until he could look down at his reflection. Indeed, it was the same, yet very different. He watched his reflection and then noticed a brilliant figure overpowering his vision. He sat up, turned around, and there before him was a light so bright it nearly blinded him. He tried to focus his eyes, but the light was too intense. He was comforted by its presence and could not turn away from its luminous brilliance.
His eyes began to focus as this being spoke. "Vala, do you not know me?" Then it was clear to him it was Morven.
"I thought you perished within the Great Sea Beast," he said, "though Ellura said you still lived within Willow."
"Yes, I am in Willow, and she in me, but I have not perished. I live among the ancients now, but will always be here as your guide—yours and Willow's. You need only seek my guidance."
Vala knew this was a special place but wasn't sure of its significance. He asked, "What is this place?" She told him the story she had once told Willow about how the water people entered the sea there, and that it was where the ancients came to rest upon their passage. She told him that someday he and Willow would come there when it was their time, but there would be much for the two of them to do before then. She warned him there would someday be a great sacrifice, and he must be prepared for that.
They spoke for a long time, and then she told him he must return, for he was ready to join with Willow as her mate. She leaned forward, touched his cheek, and then vanished.
What does all this mean? he wondered.
"All in good time," he heard her reply in almost a whisper. Vala sat briefly and then could feel the call of the cave waters for him to return to Willow. He slowly entered the warm waters, hesitated, and turned one last time to look at the sandy shore. It looked so calm and serene, and he knew he could return if he needed the guidance of the ancients, including Morven. Vala submerged himself in the water and glided through the corridors of the cave, gliding up and down and in and out of many passageways. He had no concern where he was going; it was part of him now.
Willow called out to him just before he appeared at the entrance of the cave. Vala emerged slowly from the darkness. As he appeared in front of Willow, she knew he was Vala, but he too had been changed by his experience with the ancients. She asked what they had said to him, and he replied, "They? I only saw Morven." But he hovered for a moment, looking into her eyes, and said, "There were others. I am remembering, but it isn't clear yet. Give it time, and I will share with you." She continued looking into his eyes with honor and respect, for she knew—she just knew—it was time. He looked back at her and said to her in the language of the ancients, "Yes, my Willow, it is time." He took her hand in his, and they vanished.
They reappeared in the coral forest alongside Ellura. Ellura sent Vala to his cave and Willow to hers and told them to stay there until it was time. They looked into each other's ice-blue eyes and without speaking said, "Soon." Then they glided gently to their caves. They each retreated to the deepest part of their caves in preparation for the coming event. They would not eat or come out until Ellura called to them to meet her at the edge of the coral forest.
This event would not be just for the water people, but for all the Sea Kingdom to experience. The voices ripped through the waters, announcing the upcoming joining of Willow and Vala.
Llyr came close to the forest and called Ellura out to the edge. They discussed the joy and excitement but also talked of the dangers that would lie ahead for the two. No beast of the sea would interfere with this joining, knowing Willow and Vala would be protected, but after that they would face peril always. All measures were to be taken to protect them both—and at all costs. But for now, the sea would celebrate.
The Delfin Clan met Llyr there, and they headed for the open waters. They had a mission: to return to the endless waters of the village where Audra lived. They greeted the fishermen out in their boats, preparing the vessels for the next migration of fish that would come in the full moon. The fishermen had always tossed fish as the clan passed their boats. The Delfin Clan came closer and closer to the shore. The children on shore had never seen them come so close. They rushed to the shore to watch them leaping in and out of the water. Soon half the village approached the shore to see this unusual event. Yet something kept Audra on the knoll in her rocking chair in the cool of the day. She loved feeling the sea breezes on her face. It reminded her of Willow.
The wind began to pick up, but not uncomfortably. In the wind, Audra thought she heard a voice calling her name. She stood up and looked out at the endless waters. From where she was standing, she could see beyond the Delfin Clan playing near the shore. Far beyond them, she saw a great Delfin with his head above the waves. He seemed to be looking right at her. Then she heard the sound again. "Audra." She intensified her stare at the beautiful, magnificent creature. The distance between them drew shorter and shorter until she could see the glimmer in his eyes. It was he who was calling her name; she was sure of it.
She replied, "Why do you seek me, great being?"
"Willow has chosen a mate," he said. "And they will be joined in two days. Is there not something you wish to give to her?" Audra realized he was speaking to her in the language only she and Willow knew.
She didn't hesitate. "Yes, but how?"
Llyr told her when the night bird sang and the moon was high in the evening sky, she should bring her gift to the water's edge and wait. "Do not be frightened."
He turned and sank down into the endless waters and disappeared. Soon after that, the entire Delfin Clan retreated from the shore to join him. They gathered and headed back out into the open waters. Audra watched from the knoll as they slowly vanished. She sat back down in her rocking chair, thinking, Could I have been dreaming? How could it be possible that I have communicated with such a creature of the endless waters? But she knew in her heart that it was true, because she had felt something important was about to occur with Willow. She was so thrilled that her daughter had chosen a mate to spend her days with. She did not want Willow to live her life alone.
Nyle came out to the knoll to tell her what had happened near the shore that day, but when he approached her rocking chair, he could see the glow on her face and knew something else had happened. Audra didn't want to keep any secrets from him, especially about Willow; he missed her too. She asked him to sit down beside her and said that she had something to tell him.
He didn't fear it was bad news, for her face was glowing, and her cheeks were flushed like they were when there was joy in her heart. She didn't even think that he would find her crazy when she told him that the magnificent creature had spoken to her. He pulled even closer to her, not wanting to miss a single thing. He listened to every word about how Willow had chosen a mate and that she was to go to the shore that very evening.
Nyle stood up and looked down at Audra. Suddenly, she was filled with anxiety; should she have told him everything? He must think now I have finally lost my mind. But Nyle stood there in amazement, speechless for a moment, and then said, "I will go with you."
She stood up, took his arms in her hands, looked into his eyes, and said, "My dear husband, I am a proud woman to have you for my mate to spend the rest of my years with, but this I must do alone."
"But..." he started to reply, but her look was that of a loving mother who needed to do what mothers do. He said, "OK, but I will wait for you outside until you return." She reached up and took his face in her hands and kissed him. Then they went into the house for the evening meal.
The evening meal was like any normal evening with the family, but Nyle and Audra knew it was anything but normal. Yet they said nothing to the rest of the family. After dinner, Raven put the oats and fresh berries in the pot to soak overnight. Seth banked the embers in the fireplace so they would be ready in the morning for his mother to swing the pot over to cook. This was how they had always done it for the morning meal, but now that Raven and Seth were older, they had assumed the chore—and proudly. After all the cleaning up and preparation for the morning meal, Raven helped the twin girls get ready for bed. They climbed into their sleeping lofts, and Audra tucked them in and kissed them good-night.
After they were all tucked in, Nyle and Audra went out to the knoll, as they had done many times before. Before Audra took her place in her rocking chair, she told Nyle she had to get something from the house. She went back into the house and pulled out a box from beneath her sleeping loft. The box had the gown she'd made for the night Willow entered the circle on the knoll off the rocky shore to choose a mate. She took the gown out, along with the silver threads that had been given to her great-great-great-grandmother when she was given baby Morven on the shore from the endless waters. The silver threads had been passed down for generations, and now they were Willow's and must be returned to the sea with her. It had all come full circle. The promise had been fulfilled, and Willow was the one.
Audra held the dress and the silver threads close to her breast and walked out to her rocking chair, where Nyle awaited her. Tears cascaded down her cheeks and onto the dress. She could not release her hold on it. It was all she had left of Willow, and she knew soon it too would be gone. Nyle held her tightly against him to comfort her. They stood there for a short time, but then Audra heard the call of the night bird. She glanced up to see the moon rising. She looked up at Nyle and said, "I must go soon."
He replied, "Are you sure this must be done by you alone?"
"Yes," she said.
The wind started to pick up slightly, and Audra felt she must go right then. She pulled herself gently away from his arms and turned and walked toward the shore. She hesitated for a moment, looking back at Nyle, and then turned and headed for the shore. The light from the moon shone a path for her, so she had no problem finding her way in the night.
As she approached the edge of the water, the moon was at its highest point and the endless waters shimmered with each wave. She saw a rock near the edge of the water and walked over and sat on it. It had a perfect hollow in it for sitting on. It was as comfortable as her rocking chair, and she felt even closer to Willow as she sat there. She was so entranced by the beauty of the water and the rhythm of the waves, she hadn't noticed it rising up around her. She felt a gentle wave brush against her leg. It felt calming as it caressed her skin.
Audra looked down into the water as it started to become still, so still she could see her reflection in it. She pulled her face closer and closer to the surface. She thought she saw something move, yet it didn't frighten her. She looked even closer, and there, beneath the water, was something beautiful, swirling. It illuminated beneath the surface like silver threads of light. The glow came closer to her, but she could not move. The beauty captured her. She remained entranced by the swirling motions of those silver strands. For a moment, she thought, There is something very familiar about them. Then she saw her—the woman of the water Willow had told her about. It must be her. She is everything Willow described. Audra pulled herself up on the rock. As she did, Ellura emerged from the water.
Audra was speechless. All the stories she'd heard all her life were true, and this was the woman Willow had spoken of seeing at the edge of the waters. Ellura sat next to her by the rock, yet most of her remained in the water. She spoke in the language only Willow and Audra spoke. Audra asked, "How is it you know the language my daughter speaks?"
Ellura reached up and touched Audra's arm. "You speak the language of the ancients. Remember, you too have the blood of the people of the sea. It is the language spoken by your lineage from the beginning and is now the language of the ancients. Only a few speak it. It is in your blood as it is in Willow's." This made sense to Audra, because she could speak the language to her mother and grandmother when she was growing up. She had believed it was a secret only the women of her family knew. It was all making sense to her now.
Ellura sat with her for a long time and told Audra about the life Willow was living among the Sea Kingdom. The moon was slowly returning to the sea, and it was time for Ellura to return also. Audra reached in the large pocket in her dress, pulled out the dress she'd made for Willow, and handed it to Ellura. The light from the moon illuminated the silver strands in the dress. Audra looked down at it, turned to Ellura, and said, "Now I know where the silver strands came from and why. Take care of my daughter, and tell her I will always be here for her."
Then Audra reached in her pocket again and took out the box with the silver strands that had been passed down since Morven had been given to the land people. She handed them off to Ellura. Tears streamed down Audra's face. Ellura reached up and brushed the tears from her face. She said, "You will see her again; she is as close to you as the beating of your heart." Ellura slipped back into the water, and as she did, a strand from her long, flowing silver hair released and wrapped around Audra's ankle. It had secured itself as though it had been woven just for her ankle. Energy shot up through Audra's body. Somehow, she knew she was meant to wear it always. It was her connection to Willow and her lineage to the water people.

25
Ellura glided up to the entrance of Willow's cave, sat on the ledge, and called out to her. Willow approached Ellura and sat down next to her. She immediately was aware that Ellura was holding the gown her mother had made for her. "How did you get this dress?" she asked. "You have seen my mother, haven't you?"
"Your mother is well and sends these gifts to you," Ellura replied. Willow reached out and took the gown her mother made for her, with its layers of overlapping scarves sewn together with the silver threads she had saved from her treasure box. She felt her mother's tears as she ran her hands across the fabric, and she began to weep.
"Your mother is with you now and always," Ellura said. And you will see her again. But for now, you must get ready, for in two days, you will be joined as one with Vala."
Willow looked up at her as her tears blended into the sea. "You are right. I must prepare myself as the ancients have instructed." Then she turned and leisurely glided back into her cave with her gown clutched against her breast. Ellura still had the silver strands that Audra had given her, but she knew they were meant for something else at another time. They had been kept sacred for a long time just for that moment, and when the time came, Willow would understand why they were had not been given to her then.
There was excitement flowing through the Sea Kingdom in anticipation of the day after the morrow when Willow and Vala would become eternal mates and would rule the seas together as one. Each clan had their own reason for the joy they felt for the event. Yet many had no idea what it really meant for the future of the clans, only that it was a promise made by the ancients long ago, and now its time had come.
Willow could hear the songs of the ancients traveling through the waves like the sounds of the reed instruments she'd known when she lived on land. She drifted off to sleep with the soothing sounds merging into her dreams, which overlapped her past on land and her new life there with her sea family. The dreams weaved together, crossing over between the land and the endless waters. It was all the same—no separation between land and sea. It was all one great happening. She wasn't sure if she was awake or sleeping, what was a dream and what was real, but she knew it was in her dreams that her visions came.
She saw her mother standing high on the knoll with her long, silver-gray hair catching each breeze and the reflection of the water gleaming from her face as she stared out at the endless waters, watching the sea. All her mother could think about was that her Willow was there. She wondered what a magical place it must be for her daughter to want to stay. Willow felt the beating of her mother's heart and the sadness that lingered because she missed Willow so. Willow could feel her mother's resolve and acceptance, knowing her daughter was where she wanted to be and must be. Still, it did not ease the pain she felt in her heart, knowing Willow would forever remain there beneath the sea. She missed her dearly, and Willow missed her as well. But Audra had accepted the role that had been given to her daughter, and she was proud of her for that. She would honor it, and with that she was content.
Willow awoke and eased herself to the ledge of her cave. She wanted to linger there a little longer and reflect on all she had experienced. She wished her mother could share in the moment that was about to occur, but she knew it was not possible.
Willow heard the excitement intensifying in the waters and felt the anticipation of the clans. Soon she and Vala would join, but little did the clans know the great challenge that lay ahead for the two of them. Willow was aware, and she knew Vala was too. But it was not something that would be shared among the clans. It would only bring them concern. She also knew that in those challenging times, she and Vala would have many allies to help them. They would also have the council of the ancients to guide them, as well as the council of Ellura and Llyr. She was confident in knowing it would not be a journey she would take alone. She had grown more aware each day of the powers that were growing within her that would give her the strength and wisdom to deal with the tasks that lay ahead. Willow wanted to call out to Vala but knew it was not the time; soon they would be together until the end of their days, so she would wait.
The news of the upcoming event traveled even to the depths of the sea where the Great Sea Beast, Adaro, resided. He knew Willow and Vala would be surrounded and protected during the joining, so he knew it would not be the time or place for him to plan an attack on them. But that didn't stop him from sending his spies, the slithers. They burrowed beneath the sands, emerging very carefully from time to time just outside the coral forest, for they knew they would be detected within the realm of the water people and their coral forest.
There were many clans that lived alongside the water people within the protection of the coral forest, and they had their own way of knowing if there were intruders among them. It would take only one alarm sounded for the slithers to have to take cover quickly outside the forest, so they were very cautious not to be noticed. They assumed if they were outside the rim of the forest, no creature would know they were there. But they were mistaken.
The slithers remained motionless just below the surface of the sands but were ready to notify Adaro if anything happened. Of course, each hoped he could be the one to spot Willow or Vala leaving alone, outside the protection of the realm of the forest and the watchful eye of Llyr. Informing Adaro would put him in good favor with the Great Sea Beast. Little did the slithers know that Vala and Willow had received powers from the ancients far stronger than any they had known. Vala and Willow could detect any change in the sea and the sands and would know if there was danger or intruders. They were very aware of the slithers' presence, but neither would let that secret be known. It was just one of the many abilities they possessed. They not only knew that the slithers were there, but if the slithers informed Adaro, they would be aware of that as well. But the greatest power was yet to come, and that transition would take place on the morrow.
Willow had her spies too, and she was able to read the messages they sent to her without coming face-to-face with them. She had developed trust and honor among the clans and had learned their language. Many of the clans shared with her that the slithers had circled the forest and had hidden beneath the sands. She told them not to worry; she knew they were there and that they would not dare to enter the forest for fear of what might happen.
Willow gently glided down from the entrance of the cave to the sea floor and sat on the sands. She lay her head next to the sands and whispered, "Enter if you may; you are welcomed in our home." Willow's message passed beneath the sands like a rolling wave above the sea's surface to the outskirts of the forest where the slithers lay. Her voice carried through their bodies, leaving them stunned and unsure who was speaking to them. Their thoughts ran rampant as they wondered if it was some creature within the forest; how did it know their language or that they were even there?
Startled by this voice, they withdrew further back from the edge of the forest. At first, they thought it was a trick to lure them in, and then they wondered if it was Adaro testing their loyalty. They kept withdrawing further and further from the edge, yet the voice continued to follow them; the soothing, rhythmic sounds of Willow's voice wrapped around each of them, holding them motionless. The fear of Adaro dissipated for a while as her voice transfixed them in a calming state of stillness. Then, suddenly, they heard the thundering voice of Adaro. They shivered in fear and raced back to the forest edge, hoping he had not noticed that they had momentarily given in to the calming sounds.
Though Adaro knew it wasn't safe to go anywhere near the forest at that time, he could not resist sending his spies to find out what was going on. Had Willow or Vala been spotted? Had they seen the great Delfin Llyr? He crept from the dark depths of the open sea, swam as near as he could without being noticed, and called to the slithers. They trembled in fear, thinking he had found out about the voice. They retreated from their posts outside where the water people lived and headed closer to the edge of darkness where Adaro awaited.
As they approached Adaro, they realized he was unaware of what had just transpired. None of the slithers dared mention a word. How would they explain that they had succumbed to such magical powers, and what would become of them if the Great Sea Beast knew? There was only silence until Adaro questioned them about what was happening within the forest. When they had nothing to report, he was disappointed. He assumed it was because Llyr and Ellura watched over them very closely now, yet he still wanted the slithers to remain at their posts, just in case. After all, once before, Willow and Vala had strayed from the group when they ventured into the open waters alone and were nearly taken by him. Maybe, just maybe, they would stray again, and he thought this time he would be ready for them.
Adaro turned, and his mighty body slowly cleared a path through the open seas as he returned to the darkness. The slithers resumed their position around the perimeter of the coral. None of them spoke of the voice again, but each wondered if the other had heard what he had heard. It surely was nothing they would ever discuss among themselves, because they feared Adaro's wrath. If one informed him, thinking to get into favor, Adaro would see it as a weakness, and they all would perish. None of them had ever experienced the feeling of comfort and peace they had felt when they heard the voice whisper to them. They weren't sure what to make of it, but it was something that would never be shared with any other slither, and certainly not with Adaro.
The shadows of the night covered the waters, and everyone in the Sea Kingdom settled down for the evening in anticipation of the morrow—everyone but Llyr, Ellura, and of course Adaro, who roamed back and forth in the darkness of the open water, hoping for another chance to devour Vala or Willow. But that chance would not happen that night or the following day.
The entire Sea Kingdom awoke early the next morning as brilliant beams of golden light from the sun sent rays shimmering down through the endless waters. It was the day everyone was waiting for, and none more than Ellura. She was the woman of the water and the spirit of the sea, and she had awaited the event long before the day Willow was born.
Ellura called to Willow and Vala, asking them to join her at the forest's edge. Vala glided up beside Ellura, waiting for Willow to arrive. Willow whispered a message to Ellura in the language of her mother, asking to be alone for a moment and to then join them. Ellura knew what she wanted to do and told her to join them when she was ready.
Willow put on the flowing gown her mother had given Ellura. She wished her mother could be there, she but knew it would be too dangerous. This wasn't the time for Willow and her mother, but she knew the time would come. This was an event the water people had anticipated, and it was her responsibility to honor her place with them and fulfill the promise made.
Willow gracefully glided through the waters to meet with Vala and Ellura, wearing the gown her mother had made for when she would choose a mate. Little had she known then that it wouldn't be until she entered the world of the sea that she would choose her mate from among the water people and that Vala had been predestined to be the one. But from the moment Willow saw him, she knew he was the one she had waited for. Their eyes met, and she felt the magic.
As she glided through the water, her long, golden hair, ablaze with brilliance, swirled in and out of the current, and the gown she wore glistened with the silver strands that had been woven into it. It hadn't been until she was given the gift from Morven that she realized the silver strands had been passed down from her maternal lineage—they were the silver strands of Ellura's hair. Willow knew Ellura had been around since the beginning of time and that her silver hair possessed a magic of its own. But this was a secret she would hold until she had Ellura's permission to speak of it.
Willow was truly a creature of beauty as she approached Vala and Ellura. There, just beyond the coral, was the ancient one of the Delfin Clan, Llyr. Willow bowed to him and Llyr to her. No words were spoken between the two; there was no need for words with them. They were bonded to one another. She knew that as long as Llyr was near, she had nothing to fear. She wanted him to be a part of the event, and she had not seen him since she returned from the cave of the ancients with Vala.
Willow approached Vala, and he took her hand in his. The two hovered there, gazing into each other's ice-blue eyes. It was the moment they had awaited since the first time Willow saw him beneath the endless waters. Today was the day they would join as mates for all eternity.
Ellura glided over to Llyr and spoke to him, yet Willow could not hear what they were saying, which came as a surprise to her. But it didn't bother her, for she felt his warmth and protection and knew that only goodness flowed from Ellura and Llyr for her. Then Ellura turned and glided to the top of the highest coral tree and whispered, "It is time."
The excitement was palpable. She called to Vala and then to Willow to join her at the coral tree. The two glided softly up together and hovered in front of her. She spoke to them in a language only they could understand. They joined hands and faced each other. As Ellura spoke to them, the waters began to swirl and stir, whipping around the two of them until no one else could see them. The waters glistened with ethereal beams of swaying, crystal-blue lights from the corner of the coral forest, where the entrance to the cave of the ancients began.
All the creatures could see the incandescent lights approaching, encircling the coral forest and nearing the couple, causing the waters to create a vortex of energy upward around them. The beams intensified as they swirled around and around Vala and Willow until the lights had enclosed the two of them in a cocoon of crystal-blue strands. There was no longer Willow and Vala, but the most magnificent glow of blue energy spiraling upward through the water, leaving a trail of ethereal strands as the pair ascended to the surface of the endless waters. When they reached the surface, they continued upward, bringing with them the waters of the sea behind them, creating a vision that could be seen for great distances.
Children were playing on the shore with their parents watching over them—the same shore Willow had often visited as a child when she first became aware of the creatures that lived beneath the sea. One child let out a cry. "Look!" The villagers turned their attention to the open waters beyond the shore. There arose far from the shore a magnificent, radiating, glowing light, and below it trailed beams of silver stands.
Audra was already standing on the knoll by her rocking chair. She felt the power of her daughter and knew it was the moment she would join with her mate in the land beneath the sea. The astonished villagers rushed to the shore to see the miraculous event. No one had ever seen such a thing in the endless waters.
Nyle joined Audra out on the knoll. He reached out and held her hand. She turned and looked into his eyes. They both had tears running down their faces. Audra spoke to him as he watched this event. "That is our daughter, and now she has joined with her mate." Audra and Nyle held each other and watched the incredible event.
The villagers could not turn away as they watched the ball of magic ascend, lift into the clouds, and slowly descend back into the endless waters. As Vala and Willow descended, the sea opened, creating a mighty spinning vortex. The waves rushed to the shore and gently rolled onto the sandy beach, where the villagers stood in amazement. It would be the talk of the village for a very long time.
The entire sea world felt the impact as they returned to the sea. The water people were captivated by the incredible glow that radiated from the ball of energy that surrounded Vala and Willow. They had never seen anything like it when two joined as mates, but then Willow and Vala were no ordinary couple. Surely this was a great sign. The event had not been for just Willow and Vala, but it had touched something within every creature and every clan that would change them forever. This story would be passed down through the ages, and the vision of what occurred would be burned into their memories and the memories of those to come.
Willow and Vala slowly descended to the spot where Ellura was waiting. As they drew near to her, the ice-blue ethereal strands loosened around them and retreated back to the cave of the ancients. But there, hovering before all the clans and the water people, were Vala and Willow. Their bodies were illuminated with a brilliant, ice-blue glow, and as they entered the coral forest, the light reached out and touched each being within the forest.
Willow and Vala said nothing as they bowed to the clans and to the water people. Ellura glided below them, and she too bowed to them. At that time, all the water people also bowed, and then there was a call from the Delfin Clan. Willow and Val turned and glided outside the coral forest to Llyr, reached out, and touched his mighty fin. They bowed to him, and he bowed to them in returned.
Then the two of them glided back into the forest and vanished.
# # #

The next book in the series of Willow of Endless Waters
Willow and the Rise of the Serpent
Will be released in 2014.

