WitchBlood
By Emma Mills
Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2010 Emma Mills
All Rights Reserved

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places and incidents are products of the writer’s imagination or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events, locales or organisations is entirely coincidental.

Witchblood
Copyright © 2010 Emma Mills
www.witchbloodthenovel.com
www.twitter.com/EmmaMwriter
Cover Image : Laura Zalenga 
www.laurazalenga.de
For Corrina,
my friend.
A girl who danced with the faeries,
and now rests with angels.
Acknowledgements

A huge thank you to all my friends and family, who gave me a boost when my confidence was flagging. Thanks especially to my fantastic mum, Lynne, who read every new draft and searched tirelessly for my many grammatical errors! Thanks also to my friend Ann Billing for your insightful and enthusiastic comments, which kept me writing. Thanks to the agent, Eunice McMullen, for all her time spent on ‘Witchblood’, and her belief in it. And finally my happiest thanks to my lovely husband, Tom and gorgeous children who have supported me through the whole drama, and for always believing in me.

Thanks also to Holland House who did the final edit, although let it be noted that some UK/US discrepancies may not have been altered to US taste! I am a UK author with UK characters and the language sometimes illustrates that!

Prologue

The party was supposed to be taking place tonight at the cricket club in the village where I’d grown up, and where my dad had lived until this very week. But I say ‘was’ in the literal sense, because here I am looking at the empty building. It should have been bustling with people decorating it and bringing food, yet it was devoid of life; empty but for one rather cute guy, looking slightly taller than average with broad, toned shoulders. He was sitting on a wooden bench overlooking the green, tears silently tracing patterns through his unshaved stubble, his piercing blue eyes glazed with grief.
He’d been there for at least twenty minutes, not moving. I knew this because I’d sat through every one of those minutes, watching him - the boy I loved. The boy I’d had impossible dreams about for weeks. The boy I couldn’t let go.
It was ironic that I'd been the one who'd been watched, secretly and completely unbeknown to me ever since puberty. For five years they watched and waited, expecting my unusual genetic code to kick in, hoping to help me choose the right path but I suffered no prophetic visions. Not once did the electrics blow up on me, and so the code lay, dormant, unused and unneeded, whilst I fell in love with the boy next door. 
But now it was my turn to be the watcher, and with my genetic code awakened and running riot in my body, I found it difficult to stay still, stay hidden. I watched his tears and imagined he was waiting for a sign and wishing things were different. Wishing he hadn’t gone away to Dublin, wishing I hadn’t gone clubbing in Manchester with my girlfriends, wishing he’d never left my side and wishing my best friend hadn’t gotten so drunk she’d left the club without me.
Was he questioning life and death, wondering if there was a heaven, and if so did he think I was there? Could I see him sitting there, wishing things were different? Yet I am here, standing in the shadows watching him, unable to come out of my hiding place. I cry silent tears for his pain. I want to run to him, but my feet remain welded to the ground, unable to move a step closer for fear of what may happen. Still, I’m equally powerless to leave him alone, unable to take my eyes from his face. A face of which I know every contour, a face I grew up with, a face I want to hold in both my hands and feel his tears against my cheek.
I know exactly how his dark blonde, unruly hair would feel if I could clench it between my fingers. I know how his lips would feel: dry, a little bit cracked in the winter sunshine, but warm, always warm. And this is the reason I stay away; this is my secret, because only half of me wants to hold him, kiss him, curl into his arms and cry with him.
The other half I struggle to control. The other half wants to leap the short distance to his feet, hold his head in my hands, breathe in all his scent, and bite. Bite down hard and feel his warm thick blood rush into my mouth and throat and heat up my body, setting it alight like he’s never done before, and suck until there’s nothing left of him.
So for now I stay in the shadows. Watching and waiting.
Chapter One

‘Don’t you just love town Jess? I’m so glad you decided to stay in Manchester and not bugger off to Brighton or wherever it was,’ Alex yelled in my ear.
‘I didn’t have much choice in the matter did I? What with dad going downhill, and then Luke…kissing me.’
‘I know, I know, but it’s nice isn’t it, knowing your way around, knowing where to go,’ she answered.
It was true; I did love Manchester, and since starting university we’d quickly found the best bars and clubs, with the best happy hours, and already knew the safest back streets to take short cuts down. We felt free and safe. We were foolish and naïve.
While my friends all jumped around, Alex and I fought our way through the crowds to the bar.
‘Yey! It’s still happy hour. If we get two each now, we won’t have to queue for a while,’ Alex shouted in my ear.
‘Quit doing that will you! You nearly perforated my ear drum!’ I said flinching, as the awful tickling subsided in my ear.
‘I’m spending the last of my weekly budget on champagne cocktails. I can’t resist.’

By midnight we’d staggered from the bars in The Quay to a new trendy club, Exodus, and that’s where I spotted him some thirty minutes later. He was sitting in a dark corner of the club, talking earnestly to a stunning girl. Unlike me, this girl had definite supermodel qualities, with shiny, dark hair cut very blunt and modern, to just above her shoulders. Her long, slim legs were clad in a tight, shiny black catsuit with killer red heels. Interestingly though, neither of them seemed to be flirting with the other. In fact she almost looked aggrieved with him, which worryingly, I was glad about. He glanced up and his eyes seemed to shimmer a deep, dark chocolate colour. They were mesmerising.
‘Check out his eyes, Jess, and the rest of him come to think of it,’ Alex shouted in my ear over the booming music, nodding in the direction of my gaze.
I wondered if he was a football player, Man United, City or maybe a visiting club. He looked chic and slightly dangerous, and his dark shoulder-length hair was tied back in a low ponytail. He wore a trendy expensive-looking suit with a t-shirt underneath, covering what appeared to be a slim, athletic body. I couldn’t take my eyes off him.
‘Jess? Hello, earth to Jess?’
I was dragged out of my trance and suddenly plunged into the present, the surging music pounding in my head. I felt my cheeks flush as I realised he’d noticed me staring at him, and I swivelled round to face Alex.
‘Yes fine. I just need a bit of air. It’s hot in here,’ I replied.
‘OK, let’s go to the upstairs bar. It’s cooler there and we can sit down.’
As I walked towards the stairs, I could feel his gaze on me. Maybe it was my vanity, but I felt prickles on my neck and wondered if he was talking about me to the girl.
Another drink later and Alex had gone off to dance with Lucy, Gemma and some guys I recognised from Alex’s course. I was guarding drinks for the four of us and flicking through a text message from Luke, who was currently in Dublin for a friend's stag party.
‘Babe am havg gr8 time. Dont worry no strippers! LUXXX’
I smiled, and wondering what to reply, glanced straight up into the dark eyes of the mystery man. Close up, he was even more gorgeous than he appeared in the dark corner, and I smiled nervously.
‘I see your friends have deserted you and made you resort to your mobile phone for company. I’m Daniel,’ he added, stepping up to my table and offering his hand, which I ignored.
He was tall, over six feet I thought, and far too good-looking to be talking to me. He was well spoken, with a slightly old school English accent. I wanted to tell him I was in love, that it was my boyfriend I was texting, but my mouth was suddenly dry. I opened my mouth and closed it again, nodding weakly. God! What was wrong with me? My thoughts were all jumbled up. His gaze pierced mine and he had me transfixed.
‘Would you like another drink? What are you drinking? Rum and coke?’ he asked.
I nodded, somewhat taken aback by his ability to guess my drink, but then I guess there aren’t that many spirits which are mixed with coke. It was probably just a lucky guess, I mused, as I watched him walk towards the bar. As soon as his gaze broke away from mine, everything became clear again. I watched him and remembered Luke. Re-reading my text I quickly replied,
‘Miss u. Lets watch a movie 2moro night. LUxxxx’
As soon as politely possible, I would get away and find the girls.
‘Here you go,’ he said, sitting down opposite and passing me the drink.
‘Thanks, ehm, I think the heat’s getting to me. I shouldn’t have accepted a drink from you. I have a boyfriend.’ The word still felt strange and new on my tongue and I could feel my cheeks burning. ‘He’s in Dublin and I’m missing him like crazy. I wasn’t leading you on and I’ll pay for my drink,’ I rambled on, looking at his beautifully chiselled cheek to avoid eye contact, as I fumbled in my bag for my wallet.
‘No need to pay for the drink. I just thought I’d keep you company, while you wait for your friends. I’m with a friend too. She’s just gone for a bite to eat.’ He paused momentarily and a flicker of a smile passed over his face. ‘She’ll be back shortly, but as I was on my way to the bar I saw you alone, and I thought we could entertain each other,’ he replied, smiling again.
‘Oh right, well thanks, but I’m not a charity case. I’m fine on my own.’
‘Of course but...’
Alex stumbled over, picked up my drink and took a big glug.
‘Hey, Lucy and Gem have gone off with those guys. Apparently they live near Gem’s Hall in Fallowfield and they’re going to share a taxi home, or more likely to ONE of their homes.’ She giggled, then she looked at who she was sitting next to for the first time and did a very comical double take.
‘Oh hi, ehm, sorry Jess, didn’t realise…hmm... Hi, I’m Alex.’
I was glad he had the same effect on Alex as he did on me; at least it proved I wasn’t too crazy. She was staring into his eyes, her cheeks flushed. He stared back, his eyes connecting with her on some deeper level. It was mesmerising. I looked away, planning my escape. 
I definitely didn’t want a huge hangover, as I was seeing Luke in the afternoon, and he totally disapproved of my under-age drinking. Consequently, it seemed a good idea that as Alex was single, maybe she could have some fun with this guy, and I was just figuring out what to say when she jumped up and spoke.
‘Jess, sorry, I’ve got to go to the loo. You stay here. Chat!’ She nodded in his direction, and before I could get out of my chair she was gone. Damn!
I stared after her in horror and then looked at him. His eyes were still shining. I had the biggest urge to reach over and touch him. His skin was luminescent in the dim light. He looked up, smiled at me and I melted. All resolve left me as the alcohol buzzed around my body.
‘So, where were we?’ He reached over and touched my hand, briefly sending small electric pulses whizzing around my body, straight to my groin.
‘You were telling me all about your boyfriend, but I’d be much more interested to hear about you,’ he said, managing to sound completely genuine.
I somehow got it together, suddenly feeling very reluctant to talk about Luke, but even more so about myself. The word ‘boyfriend’ hit me and I wondered fleetingly if Alex had reappeared and chucked a glass of ice cubes down my dress, to bring me to my senses. I was not the type of girl who slept around. Gorgeous he may be, but I wasn’t interested in anyone other than Luke. Instead, I forced myself to remember how dazzled I’d been by Luke’s beauty, as we lay together that first night on his narrow single bed, a mere few weeks ago. His smooth, pale chest was lit up by the moonlight that filtered through the curtains. I was so lucky to have him. It was what I’d yearned for every day for each of the four years I’d known him. I was NOT going to mess it up.
‘I think I should go check if Alex is alright,’ I stated quickly and rose to my feet, dragging my gaze away from his. ‘Thanks for the drink.’ I headed off, but couldn’t help momentarily wondering what I was missing, as I walked away from him.
I found Alex leaning against the wall outside the women’s toilets, looking into space.
‘Alex, are you OK? Why did you rush off like that?
‘Oh, hi! It’s the strangest thing. I was looking into that guy’s totally gorgeous eyes, wondering if he liked me or you, and I suddenly needed the toilet really badly. Actually, I wasn’t sure if I’d make it in time, before I wet myself. It must have been all those cocktails earlier on,’ she slurred. It was time to get her home.
‘Oh, Alex! I’m just going to the loo myself, and then we’ll go get a cab home.’
Luckily, there wasn’t much of a queue in the ladies, and five minutes later I was back in the same spot. Alex was gone. I popped back into the ladies to check she hadn’t followed me in. I had a little wander nearby and up to the nearest bar, but no luck. I tried her phone endlessly, but it rang unanswered. Ten minutes later and I’d searched the ground floor and wondered whether to go upstairs or head outside. It wasn’t unusual for Alex to disappear when drunk and then turn up in our flat after sometimes walking, sometimes sharing a cab home. After telling her off time and time again, there was no way I could get it through to her. So I decided to go find a cab and see if I could see her outside.
Naturally, there was a huge taxi queue; no taxis and no Alex. I decided to walk round the corner and try my luck on Oxford Road. As I turned the corner onto the only stretch of unlit backstreet, I heard a noise behind me. It was a fairly long, narrow street, but it was straight and I could see the lights and bustle of the main road ahead, so I picked up my pace, careful to walk right in the middle. I heard footsteps getting faster and closer, and suddenly a girl’s voice shouted out,
‘Hey girl, you got any cash on ya?’
Ignoring them I walked on, hoping they’d leave me alone.
‘Hey, you! Are you ignoring us? Bitch!’ 
Their footfalls were quiet, not hampered by four inch heels like I was, and before I realised, they’d run the few steps and caught me up. They circled me, and I cursed Alex for running off on me, and cursed my own stupidity for walking down an unlit backstreet on my own.
My eyes skimmed over them, four hard-faced girls, all younger than me, probably under sixteen, possibly under fifteen. Two of them were definitely high on drugs, their eyes too wide, their posture aggressive, twitching and fidgeting, unable to stand still. I knew I wouldn’t have a chance running in my heels, but with bare feet I might just make it, especially if they were all on drugs. Seconds had passed and they were impatient for a response.
‘No, No! I wasn’t ignoring you. I didn’t think you were calling me.’ I tried to back off, slipping out of my shoes as I did.
‘Hey, the bitch is gonna try and run for it,’ said the mean-faced girl. She was skinny, with muddy blonde hair tied to one side in a ponytail, and her eyes were flicking from side to side. Definitely drugs then.
The girls circled me like a lion circles its prey. A dark-haired girl faced me. Her eyes looked dead, and yet crazy at the same time. I guessed she'd never been loved, and never loved anyone herself.
‘Haven’t you heard that the back streets are dangerous places for girls like you? We own the streets now and you need to pay us some respect.’ 
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a flash of silver as the blonde drew her hand out of her pocket. The dark-haired girl did the same, and I saw she carried what looked like a small, sharp kitchen knife. The third girl reached forward and grabbed my bag, and because I wasn’t a hundred percent sober, okay, nowhere near sober, and because the girl behind me took me by surprise, I didn’t think before I reacted. Instead I held tightly onto my bag, swung my elbow and made a run for it, dodging between the two front girls. I didn’t get more than a couple of feet before they were onto me.
‘Stupid bitch!’ one of them shouted, as three of the girls charged into me. I felt a sharp, hot pain flare up in my back before they knocked me over, the kicks raining down hard and fast. I curled up into a fetal position, trying to protect my head and stomach, but I had a bad feeling about the now dulling, wet pain that wrapped around my left side and back. I tried to shout for help, but realised I was struggling to breathe, let alone shout, and all I could manage was a weak yelp, as my breath made a strange gargling sound in my throat.
‘Silly cow! Sarah get her bag. I’m just gonna make sure she remembers who to respect.’ The dark-haired skinny one was kneeling next to me.
‘Let’s hope someone finds you soon bitch, and you can afford a good plastic,’ she spat.
For a split second I wondered what she meant by ‘plastic’, and then it became clear as she leaned over and ran her knife smoothly across my right cheek, before standing up and running off with her gang of mates. I tried to move, roll over, but I couldn’t uncurl my legs. I couldn’t even feel my legs. I moved my upper body slightly and felt pain sear through my torso, taking my breath away. My hand twitched and I wondered vaguely how I was lying in a puddle when it hadn’t rained in days.
I wondered how long it would take for someone to come down this alley, someone as stupid as me. I wondered if I could last till morning. My consciousness was slipping. I thought I’d close my eyes and try to sleep, but the girl’s words rang in my head. Respect! It was all these gangs ever talked about, and yet I wondered if they even knew the true meaning of the word.
That was my last coherent thought, as I realised it was too late for anyone to find me now. My pulse, which had been pounding in my head had now slowed to a virtual stop, my breath lighter, shorter. I wondered if it was morning, as everything seemed to be getting brighter, even though the outline of everything was rapidly blurring out of sight. I thought I could see Luke, his outline glowing slightly, as if sunshine was radiating from deep inside his body, his soul even. His eyes softened and his lips curled upwards slightly as he came closer, holding out his hands to me. 
Then I saw it, no, them. The wings shimmered slightly as they unfurled behind his body, taking shape. I must be dreaming, surely, hallucinating definitely. After all Luke was in Dublin, so he couldn’t be here with me. How I wished he was. I coughed, and felt something wet and thick spatter back onto my face. I tried to smile back at the vision of Luke, but he was slowly vanishing, his face changing, distorting. A fiery fury and confusion flickered across his fading features in quick succession, as voices interrupted the silent night.
‘She’s here! But I think we may have found her too late, Eva,’ a male voice murmured.
‘Are you sure about this, Daniel? Is she the one you want?’ a female voice replied.
‘Yes, I knew it when I saw her in the club. There’s something different about her. I talked to her, but she walked away. She’s special, and she’ll die tonight if I don’t save her. It’s too late for the paramedics,’ he replied.
I couldn’t really take their words in, as everything was fading really fast. I could only hope that whoever was here would help me. I briefly managed to focus my eyes and I saw the face of the beautiful man from the club, staring into my eyes. Something was different about his face though. His mouth seemed to have…No! Surely not! Maybe I was still dreaming.
He leaned over me and I felt his tongue sliding over my cheek and chin. The woman had knelt down next to him and she picked up my hand.
‘Her pulse is fading. If you don’t do it now, it will be too late. She’s already lost most of her blood. Such a shame. She has seconds to live.’ She began licking my blood-soaked hand. I briefly wondered about their words, but couldn’t really take it in, as I summoned up all the energy inside me to whisper my final words.
‘Please don’t let me die. Please!’ I closed my eyes and waited for death. I felt him pause and heard a strange ripping noise. He cupped my head and gently lifted me up a little. I felt the pressure of his wrist against my mouth and something warm, wet, sticky.
‘Jessica, listen. If you want to live, you have to drink this. Stay awake. Look at me.’
His voice got quieter and started to fade away, as something trickled onto my lips. My tongue felt dry, but then more trickled down my throat. I opened my eyes and quickly shut them again, as he was too close, my blood staining his beautiful face. I felt my heart beat then, strong and quick, too fast to be normal.
‘Drink Jessica, you won’t die, I promise.’ His words calmed and soothed me, and I suddenly felt a thirst like no other. I found myself biting down hard on his wrist and sucking hungrily as his blood gushed into my mouth. I heard my pulse pounding in my head and the whole world came alive. I could hear the cars on Oxford Road, people’s voices as they left the club trying to get a taxi home, and even his heartbeat, very close to mine - fast like mine. They were beating in unison.
‘Daniel, she’s had plenty. I can hear people coming this way. We have to leave, now. Wipe her mouth and chin quickly,’ the woman said, as the man eased his wrist away from me. I looked up at him and noted excitement in his sparkling eyes.
‘You need to sleep now. There’ll be some pain, but it’s the only way for you. I have to go, but I'll come back for you. Remember that,’ he seemed to mumble, but since he’d taken away his wrist, I could feel myself slipping away again.
The exhilaration faded and was suddenly replaced by a bone-splitting ache. I tried to scream, but my mouth had dried up again, and I was unable to peel my tongue from the roof of my mouth. I dozed off in a haze of pain-filled hallucinations, unable to wake, unable to move, unable to make a sound, as I heard my hammering heart come to a shuddering stop and everything blacked out.
Sometime later I heard voices, strained and far off, and I blacked out again, as a fresh wave of pain flooded my body. Another time I heard a horrible high-pitched wailing, a keening, crying noise, muffled, as if coming from inside a box. I tried to respond, to tell whoever it was that I was alive; but I was in the dark, unable to move. I could see nothing but a thick blackness and I couldn’t move a single part of my body, even though I was very aware of every tiny, aching bit of it. My tongue remained concreted to the roof of my mouth and I felt an excruciating need for liquid. My eyes were sealed shut, and every bone in my body was paralysed. They thought I was dead, maybe I was, and yet again everything went black.
Finally the pain stopped, but the paralysis remained. The blackness enfolded me like the shroud it was, and I continued to slip in and out of a long, deep sleep. I woke as loud thuds vibrated around me and stirred my consciousness. My thirst had increased, and I found I could move my fingertips. The thuds continued, and I wondered what on earth was making them. I realised I could hear more than the banging if I listened carefully. There in the background, muffled and far away, I could hear voices, some talking, some sobbing. They became more distant with each thud, and eventually it became quiet once again and I dozed off.
What seemed like days later, but looking back was probably hours, I once again woke to loud thumping noises, which eventually turned into a horrific scraping, and with a jolt of surprise I realised that I could hear my heartbeat again, very quietly, very slowly. In fact it hardly seemed to beat at all.
I heard nothing for a while and then suddenly I could see again. I was lying in a coffin which had been lifted out of the ground and placed under a large oak tree. It was a dark, cloudy, moonless sky, yet I could see perfectly. I could see for miles. I could even make out the silhouette of an owl, sitting in a tree several fields away.
Two faces looked down at me and I recognised them instantly. I tried to move, but to my dismay found nothing would move, apart from my fingers and toes. My panic must have been apparent, as the woman leaned forward and spoke.
‘Daniel, she’s still paralysed. Carry her to the car, quickly. I’ll put the earth back and join you in a moment.’
I felt his arms move underneath me, as he picked me up effortlessly and carried me silently into the dark night. In a matter of minutes, I was being laid gently in the back of a car and covered with a blanket.
‘Jessica, it’s ok. I know you can hear me. The paralysis is unavoidable, but you’ll be up and about tomorrow. For now, just go back to sleep.’ The man called Daniel spoke softly, his words calming me, and I soon felt myself drifting off. I heard car doors slamming, an engine revving and murmured voices in quiet conversation, but eventually I drifted back into a deep, dreamless sleep.
Chapter Two

When I came round I didn’t recognise anything, even myself. I was in a darkened room, but could see colourless winter light sneaking round the drawn curtains. The terrible pain had vanished and I felt full of life and vitality, as if I’d just been for a good swim session and come out hungry and energised. For those first few blissful seconds, I’d forgotten everything, and wondered idly what had happened.
From my prone state, I peered around the gloomy room. I decided to get out of bed, find whoever had been looking after me, and ask them where the hell I was. Maybe Luke or my father had brought me here, though the latter was unlikely. It couldn’t be Alex, as I obviously wasn’t in our student accommodation. The more I tried to recollect what had happened, the duller and more clouded the memories became.
I sat up, and saw through the gloom to where somebody was seated in a corner of the room. It all flooded back. The glamorous couple in the club, the girl gang, and the man’s head bent over my face, his eyes full of compassion, my dark red blood covering his chin.
No freaking way! I lay back down on my pillow and willed myself back to sleep. In fact, I was obviously still asleep anyway. One of those dreams where you think you’re awake when you’re not. Maybe I was in a coma and this was some weird dream world that my crazy imagination had thought up for me. I screwed my eyes up and tried to ignore the man’s gentle voice and my heart pounding to a different, slower beat.
‘Jessica, it’s ok. I’m here. You’re safe. Jessica?’
Reluctantly I sat up and slowly opened my eyes once more, willing myself to see a different, more familiar scene. No such luck!
I looked over again to the man who was sitting in the darkest corner of the room, and found I could easily see his every feature. I’d always had less than perfect eyesight and had even worn glasses for a short time when I was at school, but now I could make out every little detail in the room with a quick glance. The room was decorated in a country style, with a pale wallpaper covered in tiny rosebuds, the floorboards polished. There was a beautiful antique-looking quilt folded at the foot of my bed, and the man I recognised to be Daniel from the club, was reclining on a rather old but comfy looking armchair, his long legs stretched out ahead of him.
‘Jessica, you have slept for two days and nights since we brought you here. I didn’t think you were ever going to awaken. How do you feel? Hungry, I expect,’ Daniel said, his eyes twinkling, but his face looked serious, concerned even.
Suddenly the nightmare became real and I struggled to keep up with the events flashing through my memory. I couldn’t believe this was real. No way was I awake! Deciding I was definitely in a coma and hallucinating, I decided I may as well go with the flow. Hell, it would make a good story when, or if I woke up.
‘Where am I? What the hell are you? And where are Luke and Alex? I yelled at him, and then carried on more quietly. ‘Those girls...they were punching me, kicking me.... I was dying.... I couldn’t move my legs.’ I quickly wriggled my toes and changed my position with relief. ‘Then you came. What did you do? Who are you?’ I asked, immediately regretting the question.
‘Shhh, I know it’s confusing, but you should be feeling fine now. I saved you,’ he said, as I frowned at him.
‘Where are we then?’
‘We’re in the Lake District, in a house belonging to a friend of mine. We got you out of Manchester immediately after the funeral.’
I looked at him, uncomprehendingly trying to process his bizarre words. He was still the most beautiful man I’d ever seen and I was a little distracted by that. His burnt chocolate eyes searched mine out and this time they felt very different to look into. They no longer held me captive, but they soothed me, calmed me.
‘Why? What? I’m sorry, I don’t understand. I feel strange, not myself. I remember things, I remember those girls, but I don’t understand what you’re saying. My funeral? But I’m not dead!’ I whispered, a feeling of dread surrounding me like a thick fog.
‘You know why, Jessica. If you let yourself believe it, you know what I am, and you know what you’ve become. You can feel the hunger inside you. A hunger like no other, and if I’d left you, you would have eventually dug your own way out of your grave.’ He paused for breath and as I just waited silently, he continued. ‘You most likely would have killed the first person you came into contact with, drained them, and moved on to the next. You would have notified the media and the governments of the world of our existence, and whilst we have dealt with worse, it would have been an awful lot of unnecessary mess to clear up. We try not to let newborn vampires go on killing sprees, which would ruin our fairly safe position in this modern, disbelieving world.’
His gaze was most distracting, so I dragged my eyes away and lay back down, pulling the soft blanket over my head to block out the room. I giggled quietly to myself, and felt tears pricking the corner of my eyes as hysteria began to rise within. Now would definitely be a good time to wake up. I thought of all the books I’d read and films I’d seen, as I tried to remember how people were woken from comas. As I obviously didn’t have a family member or friend playing me my favourite music, I decided to opt for pinching myself on the arm.
So, pulling the blanket from my head, I sat up again and ignoring the man in the corner, I pinched as hard as I could. I felt nothing and tried again. Weird! I felt the skin on my arm. It felt the same: soft and smooth, slightly paler, but I’d obviously lost a lot of blood, so that made sense. I could see the skin going whiter, almost translucent, where my fingers were pinching it together. It should definitely hurt, but I felt nothing but a little tingle. Maybe I’d suffered some kind of nerve damage, when the girls attacked me?
‘Jessica, you can’t hurt yourself’, his voice interrupted. You won’t feel pain the same anymore,’ and my eyes were once again drawn to his, which were now looking more than a little confused.
‘You must be hungry. Eva will be here soon and you can feed.’
‘Feed? I’m not an animal. Why do we have to wait for Eva anyway? Has she gone to the supermarket?’ I said, refusing to accept the niggling little feelings creeping up on me. A dry, aching thirst was building in my throat. A thirst like nothing I’d felt before. A thirst for …No! I ran my tongue over my teeth but they felt normal.
Yet his words remained in my head, buzzing around like a swarm of belligerent bees. It couldn’t be true, could it?
‘I need to see Luke, and Alex. Oh God! What have I done? No! What have you done? You did this to me! I’m supposed to be having my eighteenth birthday party next month.’ He started to interrupt, but I railroaded him and carried on, picking up speed and volume along the way. ‘You probably got those girls to attack me. I remember it. I heard you saying that you knew I was the one you wanted, when you saw me in the club.’ Fury raged within me, unstoppable, and I leapt from the bed in one swift cat-like jump and was on him, punching him, tearing at his hair, and clawing at his face.
He did nothing to fight me off. There was a slight noise behind me, then someone incredibly strong ripped me from him, and with a wrenching noise, a handful of his hair came with me. She propelled me backwards and pushed me unceremoniously down onto a soft stool she’d pulled over from the dresser.
‘Here drink this,’ she said. A mug of warm, thick, dark red liquid was thrust into my hands and I looked from the stunning dark-haired girl to the drink with disgust, until I caught its smell and something inside me took over. Its sickly sweet taste made me think of rare fillet steak, and strangely, dark bitter chocolate at the same time. I gulped it down and needed more, which she must have anticipated as she handed me a second, and then finally a third.  
Coming to the end of the final drink I looked up at them. Daniel had deep, dark scratches on his face and there was a small wound on his head, the size of a fifty pence coin, where I’d torn out his hair. It was raw and bloody, yet even as I watched it, I could see the blood clotting, the skin healing, bit by bit, as the tissue knitted together again. By the time I’d finished my drinks, his face was once again perfect and his hair was even beginning to grow back.
The girl watched me studying his healing wounds and smiled.
‘Think of it as one of the perks of our life. We may have to hide out when something occasionally goes wrong, but at least it’s difficult to hurt us! Try it again, if you feel the urge. Daniel likes it; it eases his guilt. It probably arouses him as well! Notice how he didn’t fight back?’ I looked at her in horror, but couldn’t tell if she was serious or not and she carried on. ‘Though it may be a different story, now you’ve fed. You’ll be stronger, so go easy.’
‘You’ve got to be joking? You want me to fight him?’ I questioned. She shrugged, a half smile crossing her face as Daniel frowned at her, before interrupting.
‘Eva, stop it, you’re distressing her,’ he said, but she just shrugged again and carried on.
 ‘You should know though, that in your case he actually did save you, and he didn’t even get a decent drink of your blood.’
‘I saw him with blood on his face. I remember,’ I interrupted, but she merely frowned slightly and carried on.
‘He did not set those girls on you. We have nothing in common with those half-demon miscreants.’ Her face screwed up with disgust as she recalled them. ‘If he hadn’t found you when he did, you would be rotting in your grave as we speak, and you would never have risen to this new life,’ she finished, with a somewhat dramatic flourish.
I stood frozen, watching, as Daniel gently moved behind me and led me to his chair, pushing my shocked body down.
‘You’ll be more comfortable here Jessica,’ he said. So I sat and stared, as they both went and sat on the bed, watching me watch them. My head thumped with the sharp pain of confused emotions, as my thoughts whirled around like a cyclone, destroying any ability to make a coherent sentence. The strange woman’s words raced back and forth in my brain - her flippant attitude as she remarked upon my death, her calm yet jokey demeanour when she found me attacking her friend, or boyfriend, or whoever he was. She’d just been amused. I would’ve been livid if it had been some girl attacking Luke. Everything whirled around until eventually I realised that several things she’d said didn’t add up, and I was finally able to put a sentence together.
‘But I thought you just said it’s difficult to hurt you?’ I questioned, before immediately regretting it, as I was swamped with a whole new load of gory information.
‘It’s difficult for humans to hurt us, yes. Superficial wounds, even bullet or stab wounds will heal within minutes, as long as it’s not through the heart or doesn’t sever the head,’ she said. I flinched involuntarily at the gruesome nature of her statement, but my interest was awakened.
‘I thought vampires’ hearts didn’t beat? I thought you were supposed to be dead, or rather undead?’ I asked, feeling a little braver.
‘If our hearts didn’t beat then how would we bleed, and how would we heal? Of course we have different blood, with different cells and DNA, but it still needs to be pumped round our bodies.’
‘Right, so unless I stab him through the heart, or chop off his head he’ll be fine?’ I said, feeling a bubble of humour threatening to burst into nervous giggles.
Still dreaming, still dreaming, still dreaming! Part of me repeated like a mantra deep inside.
‘Not quite. We have the strength to literally rip each other apart, so we’re capable of killing each other as easily as humans kill each other; and for that reason you’ll be trained,’ she said.
‘Who are you anyway? Why are you here with him?’ I had so many questions surging through my head, but as I had no idea where to begin, I just blurted them all out. ‘I remember you from the club; you were there,’ I said. ‘You licked my hand in the alleyway,’ I added, scrunching my nose up in disgust.
‘My name is Eva. I’m helping Daniel take care of you and keep you away from Manchester, until we can trust you not to cause trouble. Your blood tasted exquisite, quite unlike anything I’ve tasted before. It’s such a shame we didn’t get to you earlier, before it all spilled onto the road. What a waste!’ she replied smoothly, laughing at her quip.
‘Jessica, Eva made me what I am. Consequently she is responsible for me and my actions, as I am for you and yours. She’s here to check everything goes smoothly,’ Daniel added.
‘Great! So although you’ve saved my life by turning me into a vam….one of you, you’re jailing me here, so I can’t even see my family and friends?’ I spat out.
Daniel answered. ‘Jessica, believe me, you wouldn’t want to see your family and friends right now,’ he said with a sigh. ‘I’m sorry that you care so much. I was drawn to you in the club, yes, but you walked away from me and I let you go.’
‘Right! You let me go? How nice of you!’
He ignored my interruption and went on.
‘Those girls ended your life. I felt your distress, and so I came looking for you. I found you and I saved you the only way I could. Your heart drummed its last beat as I held you. They stabbed you in your descending aorta and..’ I looked at him questioningly ‘My what?’
‘It’s a main artery, actually the largest artery in your body. It runs all the way down your chest and abdomen. They stabbed you from behind and it went straight in, through your ribs. You bled to death in a matter of minutes,’ Daniel explained, gently caressing the top of my arm, his eyes boring into mine.
I flinched away from him involuntarily. Everything was just too much to take in. He might be gorgeous, and he might have saved my life, but I wasn’t about to get all cosy with him. I had Luke, didn’t I?
Breathing deeply, I sighed and mentally pulled myself together. I tried to take in everything they told me, I really did. I even tried counting to ten; but nothing worked. A week ago, I’d been a regular, normal - well, almost normal, considering I'd started uni a year early, seventeen year old. Now the life I knew had been extinguished and I was being told I’d been murdered by a girl gang, saved by a vampire, been buried, dug up again and here I was walking, talking and feeling a thirst like no other!
 Turning round I stalked over to the window, fed up of looking at their beautiful faces, and needing to see daylight. Without thinking, and within a space of seconds, I’d grabbed the heavy curtains and whipped them open. A very human impulse, and as both the vampires’ shouted ‘No’s’ rang in my ears too late, the dull winter light poured in and blasted my eyes with such a brightness, my head exploded. I staggered back and sat down in shock, my head pounding and my eyes burning.
‘Here, your eyes will be sensitive for the first few months.’ Eva threw me a pair of dark sunglasses, and with new super reflexes I neatly caught them in one hand. Whoa!
Once I’d recovered and my head had stopped pounding, I looked up at them both again.
‘So, I take it daylight doesn’t kill us and we don’t have to sleep in coffins?’ I said, looking at the bed and realising I was very much relieved on both accounts.
‘What about garlic and stakes?’ I added with a wry smile.
 ‘I’m going to need some refreshment if we’re getting into this conversation,’ Eva stated and walked out of the room, as Daniel laughed at my horror-struck face.
‘Don’t worry, it comes from a blood bank,’ he chuckled.
Making me jump, Eva suddenly reappeared with three more mugs in her hands, and after handing them out, settled herself in a wicker chair.
‘OK. Shoot!’ she said, grinning at Daniel.
‘Well, in answer to your first question, you can of course sleep in a coffin if that’s what you fancy, but we tend to prefer beds for comfort and practicality!’ he said with a grin.
‘And no, the daylight will not kill you.’ I nodded and he carried on. ‘We can go out in the day, as long as we stay out of direct sunlight. Our skin and eyes are extra-sensitive, so the sunlight burns us a lot quicker than it does humans. However, it would take about twelve hours for us to actually turn to ashes, and that’s under direct, hot Mediterranean sunlight.’
‘Oh well, that’s a nice thought,’ I interrupted, turning my head and squinting up at the window, feeling a powerful urge to jump out of it, into the rolling, endless hills. Be free of this macabre scene I’d found myself in.
‘It’s fine, Jessica. In the summer we just tend to sleep in the day and get up at night, hence all the stories. It’s just like shift workers really,’ he said.
‘But we don’t need to sleep as much as humans. Some of us prefer to sleep a couple of hours a night and some stay awake for several days and then sleep for a twelve hour block,’  Eva interrupted.
‘Right, this is getting a little too much. I need some air. Is it OK to go outside for a bit then?’ I asked, putting my empty mug down on the side and standing up.
‘Yes, but we’ll come with you,’ Eva answered.
‘In case I decide to run away?’ I sighed and rolled my eyes.
‘Yes Jessica. We cannot afford for you to be seen by the public anytime soon. Your photos and story are in all the media, and you haven’t changed enough yet,’ Daniel said as he led the way out of the room.
‘What do you m…. Oh!’ I exclaimed, seeing myself in the mirror as I passed by, on my way out of the room. I stood and stared at my reflection. Transfixed, I slowly sat down on the padded stool that had been tucked under the dresser and simply gazed at myself for a couple of minutes. In the obvious ways I still looked exactly the same, and yet there were subtle changes already visible. I ran my fingers through my tangle-free blonde hair, which looked like I’d spent hours in an expensive salon and was gleaming healthily. My pale skin looked like porcelain, smooth and unblemished, and I couldn’t help touching my cheek gently with the tip of my finger, just to check it was me under there. My lips stood out a darker red, sensuous and full, and I pressed them together, watching them ping back and fill with blood into a perfect Hollywood pout.
After a second’s hesitation, I pulled my top lip up and back to inspect my teeth, but they looked perfectly normal - just a shade whiter maybe. Phew! Relieved I got back to my self-inspection, and looked into the eyes staring back at me through the mirror. They were definitely my eyes, but they seemed to sparkle a slightly darker blue than previously. Ironically, I looked a picture of health and felt the first hint of a smile forming on my lips.
‘Another unexpected perk then? I asked, with a slight tinge of sarcasm. ‘How long have I been here?’ I said, the questions still falling from my lips relentlessly, but noticing I was smiling for the first time, albeit only slightly.
‘It’s Friday. Your funeral was on Wednesday. We brought you here on Wednesday night, and you have since been asleep two days,’ Daniel replied.
Eva came over and stood nearby, looking at me through the mirror.
‘A looking glass was my favourite place when I first changed. Although I suppose it always was,’ she laughed. ‘It becomes fascinating watching the change. You’ll become more beautiful with every drink, and your eyes will darken a little more each day, until they match ours, so eventually your appearance will no longer be a risk.’
‘OK, so I need to see Luke and my dad soon, before I change too much. Or they won’t recognise me, will they?’ I asked, returning to my forgotten argument. The thought of Luke and my father not recognising me cut deep into something still human in me, and my eyes filled with tears.
‘No, you can never see them. You would kill them. You haven’t felt the power of blood lust yet; you haven’t tried to control it,’ Daniel answered coldly. The smile left his face and turned it to stone.
‘Then I have to learn. Now! I have to control it before I change too much. I owe them that much. Luke will be upset. I need to see him again.’ I saw them exchanging quick glances, hers irritated, his softer.
‘Maybe, let’s see,’ he acquiesced.
It wasn’t until I got downstairs and started looking for shoes, that I wondered about my clothing. Obviously someone had dressed me, although not adequately for going outdoors, as I was wearing pale blue satin pyjamas. I wondered if they were Eva’s.
‘Here you can borrow these, they should fit.’ Eva passed me some green Hunter wellingtons and I smirked at the brand she’d chosen – well-suited for a vampire, and laughed again at the idea of a vampire taking country walks.
‘What’s the matter?’ Eva scowled at me.
‘Oh nothing, I…’ and dissolved into giggles again. ‘Sorry, just ehm, just the idea of you guys getting muddy in the country!’ Tears rolled down my cheeks and I doubled over, as both vampires stood and watched me uneasily, clearly thinking I’d lost the plot, and maybe I had. It still felt like a very surreal dream and I could feel hysteria welling up.
Eventually I managed to control myself, and followed them outside to find that I was standing by an idyllic farm cottage, surrounded by acres of rolling hills. There was nothing else in sight, no buildings, no villages and no roads. Nothing. It was beautiful and bleak, peaceful but eerie. I guessed it would be a very long walk to the nearest house. The cold winter air was refreshing, but didn’t chill me like it should have done, considering I was wearing thin pyjamas. As the day was so dull and cloudy, I decided to try taking the sunglasses off. This time my eyes were prepared, and even though it was so bright that it felt like a glaring summer day, I could manage. It felt good, more human I guess.
 However, I didn’t feel human for long, as the conversation soon turned back to my new life, and my earlier questions were answered.
‘Stakes will only kill you if they go straight through your heart. It’s the one organ which can’t self-heal,’ Eva said with a shrug.
‘And garlic does nothing to us. In fact French vampires stink of garlic, because the humans they feed from eat so much of it,’ Daniel explained grinning.
‘I thought we didn’t feed from humans. You said you tried to avoid killing sprees?’ I said looking at Eva.
‘I said we didn’t kill people or at least we try not to,’ Eva said with a smirk.
‘We’d have been in a lot of trouble, if we’d left you to awaken with no guidance. If we let you, you would feed until you drained every last drop; but we do not,’ Daniel said as I frowned, yet another question forming on my lips, but before it could be spoken, he answered it.
‘We can drink blood from a bank, like today, but it’s been changed in the purification process and isn’t ideal. So there are other ways. We can get people to donate freely, they get pleasure from it and we don’t kill them. We just take a little,’ he finished.
‘So if you go around feeding on us, ehm…. them, then why doesn’t anybody believe in vampires? Why have I never seen anyone wandering around with fang marks?’ I asked, feeling more than a little repulsed at the idea of biting humans for my dinner, but also curious.
‘I suppose the best way to explain it is by comparing us to mosquitoes. They are an irritation but you rarely notice them biting you. As long as we don’t take too much blood, we can put the human into a trance, feed and disappear and they don’t know any different. Our fang marks heal in a matter of seconds.’
‘Fantastic! I’m a parasite. Just what I always dreamed of becoming! Thank you so much!’ My sarcasm got the better of me and I glared at them.
‘Excuse me!’ Eva interrupted. ‘I don’t think of myself as a parasite at all, thanks very much! I think of myself as an elevated being. Right at the top of the food chain, that’s all. I’m more beautiful than I ever was, I’m quicker and stronger than I ever was and I don’t age. Perfect!’ she said grinning. ‘Also, it doesn’t have to be as Daniel suggests, as I rarely need to put the human into a trance. There are some humans I know who understand what we are and worship us. They are an easy feed, if you can put up with their simpering adoration.’
‘Daniel, I’ve done this babysitting thing before, and you seem to have picked a reasonably intelligent human. If you think you can stop her running off to kill her family and friends for a bit on your own, I’ll pop into town and pick up some supplies, and I need to see Sebastian.’ Daniel nodded at her and she sauntered off, lithe and cat-like, without a backward glance, leaving me staring after her, speechless.
I looked from her retreating figure back to Daniel. He was watching me quietly, yet I could tell he was also alert, ready to act if I decided to make a run for it. But what was the point? If I wasn’t dreaming and if this was all true, then I had to believe them. I couldn’t risk killing my family if I got near them, or any other human for that matter. I didn’t want to be a killer. No, I had to work on getting Daniel to teach me how to control this blood-lust they spoke of. I had to control it before I changed beyond recognition.
‘Let’s go back in. Are there any other clothes I could wear?’ I asked.
He seemed to relax a little and followed me back to the house.
‘You’ll have to borrow some of Eva’s until she gets back, but they should fit,’ he answered.
He led me to a different bedroom, which had the feel of an expensive hotel. The walls were a pale shade of cream and the bed was huge, high and covered in luxurious faux fur throws and suede cushions. There was a lovely, soft, deep pile rug on the floor and a couple of expensive-looking abstract prints on the walls. Eva obviously liked tactile fabrics and had good taste. I hoped the same was true of her wardrobe, as I remembered with some trepidation the tight cat suit she had on in the club. However, on opening the doors I found a neat, well-organised space with about eight different pairs of jeans hanging neatly and a shelf of simple t-shirts and soft jumpers.
‘I think she keeps her undergarments in there,’ Daniel said smiling.
‘Oh! Yeah, right. Thanks.’ I’d completely forgotten that all I had on was satin pyjamas, and felt a blush rising to my cheeks as I strode over to the drawers, where I found some normal-looking cotton bikinis and a matching vest top. Unfortunately for me, the bras were all too large for my rather petite chest.
‘Are you going to stand there and watch?’ I asked.
‘Yes please. Though I could get hands on and give you some help removing the pyjamas if you like?’ he added with a twinkle in his eye.
‘No, I don’t think so. I was being sarcastic.’
‘It’s not as if I haven’t seen you naked before, Jessica. We have a connection. Your soul called out to me when you were dying. I came to find you; we’re meant to be together.’ He seemed sincere, but it came across as sleazy.
‘No thanks. You saw me when I was drunk and I made the biggest mistake of my life going down that alley, which I’m paying for by losing the love of my life. My soul was calling out to Luke,’ I said, suddenly remembering the vision of Luke coming towards me, hands outstretched as I bled to death. ‘I don’t want to ever think of that night again. Get out!’ I shouted.
I was really developing a temper. I stalked over to the door, pushed him the last inch through it and slammed it in his shocked face, retreating to sit on the edge of the bed, tears slowly sliding down my cheeks. I wondered at that. I didn’t think I’d be able to cry, or blush for that matter. It seemed too human. Maybe some part of me had stayed human? Maybe that part could stay in control. Maybe I could see Luke after all, and make him understand. I held onto that thought and crossed my fingers, hoping and praying that all was not lost.
Thankfully Daniel gave me the space I needed, and eventually I stopped moping and got dressed in some comfy boyfriend jeans, a pale blue t-shirt that made my eyes shine more than ever, and a soft, baby blue cashmere sweater. I found a brush on the dresser and combed out the minor tangles in my now beautifully shiny hair, tying it back loosely with the hair band which I always kept on my wrist, and which obviously had been overlooked at the undertakers, or morgue, or whatever it was called.
I looked in the mirror and I appeared normal, well healthier than normal, but still me. I didn’t look like a monster, and if I didn’t think about the events of the past few hours, including me knocking back several mugs of warmed blood, I would never believe that anything had changed.
After spending a couple of hours cooling off in the bedroom, I decided I’d better go down and face Daniel. After all, I had to live with the guy, until they’d trust me on my own.
‘Hi,’ I said entering the lounge. Daniel was sitting with his back to me, watching the news.
‘Any news of me, then?’ I quipped.
‘No, but this is national, we don’t get the local northwest news here. How are you feeling?’ he added.
‘Fine, I... erm... just get really angry bouts, and I feel like I’ve lost everything for just one stupid mistake. As for the club - yes, I was attracted to you, but I walked away. I stayed faithful to my boyfriend. Eva said that as vampires, you could sway people to want you. So who’s to say you didn’t do that to me?’
‘I admit, I did try to glamour you, but as you said, you walked away. When I looked up into your eyes, I wanted you there and then. Nothing Eva could have said would have swayed me. It was inevitable, and yet you refused me.’
In some ways the new information helped me, but in others it worried me. I couldn’t yet read him. Earlier, he’d obviously been flirting with me, but now he was being quiet and contained. He felt a connection with me which I didn’t feel ready to accept, or admit.
A week and a half passed before I saw Eva again, and I spent those days in an uneasy company with Daniel. I found that when I looked into his eyes, my human feelings would weaken. In those brief moments, I felt attuned to him as if we were two halves of a whole. I realised as time passed that I could judge his mood, and sometimes I finished his sentences, his words springing into my mind before he spoke them. I wasn’t sure what was going on, but he seemed to feel the same, as he instinctively seemed to know when I was mulling over Luke and feeling resentful, and those times he stayed away and gave me space. He watched me with cautious eyes, and occasionally I saw bewilderment in them, as if he didn’t understand why I’d feel that way.
Consequently, I avoided eye contact, avoided conversation. I spent my time watching television, and became obsessed with following my murder case on the internet news websites.

Eva had only been gone a couple of days, when I’d grown bored of daytime television, especially as they didn’t have reception for any channels other than BBC One to Channel Four. Having said that, it didn’t surprise me, seeing as the house was seemingly in the middle of nowhere and surrounded by mountains! I’d asked hopefully whether they had an internet connection, fully expecting the worst, but to my relief they had.
Daniel led me to his room which was disappointingly boring. It had been painted in very modern and manly beiges and browns and he had a plain white duvet cover and a cream rug on the floorboards. Over in the corner was a neat desk with a compact PC, a set of speakers and an iPod. Maybe I’d been expecting some black satin sheets or, well, I don’t know really, just not this. Luke’s bedroom at university was always crammed with stuff, and if honest was a little smelly, but at least it was interesting; it showed me who he was. This room told me nothing.
I sat at the desk with a new mug of dark, silky blood, which was an acquired taste, but like Twiglets or Marmite, it set your taste buds alight and made you want more. I booted up, waiting for Google to load. I initially did a search on the BBC, but soon found more information on the northwest news sites. I looked in horror at the photos of the blood-stained alleyway and then read the reports. I began to feel strangely detached. It didn’t seem real. After all I was sitting here; I wasn’t dead after all. However, as I read the statements from my family and friends, my eyes blurred and I struggled to read about their grief. It was still far too raw.
I read the report of how my body had been found in the early hours of the morning. It confirmed, as Daniel had already told me, that I’d been stabbed once in my back, piercing a major artery from which I’d bled to death within a matter of minutes. There’d also been multiple internal injuries, caused by a continuous kicking which had fractured my spine and would have left me paralysed if I’d not died; and of course there was the sliced cheek to mark their work.
Anger coursed through my body like an electric jolt, as I read about the gang and how they’d left other girls for dead. Some of these had survived, but were scarred for life and too scared to prosecute. I wanted to kill them, to rip out their throats and fling them aside like rubbish. Whoa! The feelings shocked me to the bone and I wondered if they were due to being a vampire, or just being a victim.
 Due to the cheek wound, my missing handbag, and the fact that they found my shoes several feet away, the police had correctly assumed that I’d stupidly tried to run. Even though they knew all this, they were currently at a loss, unable to proceed, as there was no evidence and no CCTV cameras on that alleyway. They had interviewed all the girls and come up with nothing helpful, as they all had fabricated alibis. They’d ended my life, and they were getting away with it. I hated them.
I clicked on photos of me happy and smiling, contrasting with the photos of my family and friends. Alex was caught up in a cloud of guilt because she left the club without me, and Luke, the grieving boyfriend who’d been met at Manchester airport with the worst possible news. Further on, I noticed they’d managed to track down my father and the paps had got a picture of him leaving the funeral home, his face drawn, his eyes sad. The poor man had lost his wife only a year ago, and now his only child; and all because some silly power-hungry girls had decided I didn’t respect them enough.
I stared at the images on the PC and suddenly it all became clear. I realised what I’d lost, and also what Daniel had saved me for. The three people who meant the world to me deserved to know I was still here. I had to find a way to still be there for them; Daniel was to thank for that. He found me. He saved me and gave me this new life, and I wasn’t going to waste it.
Chapter Three

I looked up and into his dark, almost black eyes. This man who said I’d called to him, this man who had given me another chance at life. He looked young, maybe only a couple of years older than me, yet his eyes were full of history, knowledge and experience.
‘Daniel, how old are you?’
‘I was born in 1891 in India. My father worked in the Indian Civil Service for the British Raj. So I suppose I’m 118,’ he said with a grin.
‘What happened to you? Did Eva turn you into a vampire in India?’ I asked.
‘No. I left India when I was packed off to boarding school at eight. I only went back to India once and even when my parents came back to England, I rarely saw them.’ The lack of emotion in his voice both surprised and disturbed me. I could see no glimmer of sadness in his eyes. Why? Was it a vampire thing or was it just so long ago that his memories meant nothing?
‘So how old were you when Eva turned you? You don’t look that much older than me.’
He contemplated it for a moment and then replied.
‘I was twenty-four. It was 1915. I left my new wife at home in Brighton, pregnant with our first child and enlisted for the war. I never saw Ellie again, and my last year as a human was spent surrounded by the filth and death of the trenches.’ He got up from the sofa and left the room.
Whoa! He was married and he had a child. How could he not see her again? Why didn’t he feel the pull I did with Luke. I couldn’t leave it alone, so I followed him into the kitchen. 
‘You say you never saw your wife again, ever? How could you not go back? At least to see her, to check she was alright? Didn’t you want to see your baby?’ I accused, the words tumbling out in one long string, my voice getting higher as I ran out of air.
His voice turned cold, steely, and he glared at me.
‘Do not presume you know me or what I may have felt for Ellie. I could never have gone back to her. I promised myself I would never endanger her or our child. I loved her and I knew I was only too capable of killing them both. Her scent would have been irresistible, all the more so because of our bond. I would never have risked their lives to satisfy my own curiosity.’
‘I’m sorry. You're right I don't understand. I'm not like you,’ I said, worrying I’d gone too far and feeling a strange invisible barrier spring out of him, pushing me away with powerful energy blasts that felt like pins and needles. Our connection was crushed and disintegrated as he marched past me. It had all happened so fast. I hadn’t even been aware that we had such a strong connection, until he tore it down. I felt torn. There was a gaping hole which I hadn’t even realised had been filled by him, and what was with the needle thing? It suddenly occurred to me that he was a lot more powerful than I initially imagined.
He left me mulling his words over, as I applied them to my own circumstances. I didn’t feel as convinced that I would kill Luke, as he seemed to have done with his wife. I had drunk the blood he’d been giving me, but it wasn’t like there were any other options, as there were no normal foodstuffs in the house. I’d checked the cupboards already, much to his amusement. I didn’t have this mad craving to go out killing people that they kept talking about. Yet he assured me that if I put a slice of toast to my lips, it would make me retch, and if I saw a human pass by the cottage, I would pounce and kill. Interestingly, he also said that after a year or so I’d be able to eat regular human food, if I had to, without giving myself away. Why then, if what Daniel said was true, was I wondering what it would be like to eat toast, and not wondering when I could get my teeth around a juicy human! 
Maybe I was different to him after all. Maybe I’d be able to see Luke and resist killing him. I needed to test myself; I needed to get out of this house and test my resolve, and to do that I needed to get Daniel back onside and convince him I was ready for the next step - the move back to Manchester.
The night was a long one, especially as Daniel was keeping his distance, with the excuse of business emailing. What business, I wondered, but I got no details or even any conversation, so I went to bed early with a pile of books.

I heard Eva before I saw her. It was early in the morning and I’d slept all night, which I think was another point of consternation with Daniel, who seemed to think I slept too much for a vampire’s requirements. I heard their voices murmuring below my room, so I crept out of bed and down the stairs. I loved the way I could move now, sinuously and totally soundless, and I smiled a sad smile as imagined my mum’s shock if she could see me now. Her words ringing in my ears, ‘Jessie love, do you think you could try to be a little quieter? It’s like a herd of baby elephants coming down the stairs!’
I paused and frowned. My mother was gone and I still missed her. I started to wonder if I’d be with her now, if Daniel and Eva hadn’t found me in that alley, or if I’d just be rotting away in a church graveyard. My knowledge of the universe may have recently expanded to include vampires, but I was no nearer answering my questions on Christianity.
I stopped, as Eva’s words re-focused my attention on the task in hand.
‘…..toast? Ugh! I don’t think I even considered a human diet after I changed. All I wanted was my next kill,’ Eva was saying.
‘I know. I don’t understand her. She sleeps every night for at least seven hours and she's only drunk about two thirds of the blood we stored for her. In fact I’m not convinced she needed that even, or maybe she did it to pacify me,’ Daniel went on.
‘Do you think she could have witches in her bloodline? Has she mentioned anything to you yet? Surely she’d know if she had witch blood in her family, but it might explain why she isn’t letting go.’ 
‘She’s here….Jessica, come in.’ Daniel raised his voice to include me. I entered the room as nonchalantly as I could, after hearing that they thought I might be a witch, but I couldn’t hold it together for more than a moment.
‘How did you know I was there?’ I asked him.
‘Hasn’t she even worked out your blood link yet?’ Eva said to Daniel.  Then she turned to me. ‘You share blood, honey. He can read you - know what you want, how you feel and if you are close by, he’ll know where you are. Surely you must have known that by now?’
‘…of course. I guess I knew there was a connection of sorts, but I wasn’t exactly given a ‘vampire manual’ you know.’ Why should she just waltz back in and have a go at me? I wondered. 
‘Daniel, you should have warned her, tested her, commanded her a little, so it wasn’t such a shock.’
‘What do you mean, commanded?’ I asked, my eyes blazing.
‘You should have felt it by now, but Daniel isn’t as pushy as some out there. Me, for instance. You’re lucky. He doesn’t agree with breaking his subordinates’ wills unless necessary,’ she went on.
‘Eva, stop this. You're worrying her unnecessarily,’ Daniel interrupted.
‘It’s not like she has a choice. She needs to know how things work. I’m your master and you’re hers. I’m in your head and you’re in hers. The sooner she stops with her silly girlish memories and takes on our world, her new life, her improved life, the sooner she’ll settle.’
‘My memories aren’t silly. Luke isn’t a silly girlish memory. I’m going to see him again and no one will stop me. What if I don’t want to take on your world?’
Eva’s eyes hardened and she coolly considered me before answering with her final blow. 
‘You have no choice Jessica. You will do as Daniel says. He controls you now. You will bend to his will, and not if, but when he orders you to forget Luke, you will. He made you, you belong to him, and with his blood running in your veins you have no choice but to follow his orders. And if I tell him that it’s time you forget your human friends, then he’ll do as I say.’
‘You mean to say if he shouts ‘sit’ I’ll sit, and if he orders me to get naked, I’ll remove all my clothes and say ‘ok’ as I jump into bed? I don’t think so! That’s completely ridiculous!’
‘Eva, I don’t think it’s that simple with Jessica; that’s what I was trying to explain. I can read her thoughts and feelings to an extent, but so far her will is elastic. I feel it bending towards me, then it suddenly snaps back into place. She’s her own person.’
‘Right, well if she’s a witch, she’ll need to see Sebastian. It complicates things for everyone concerned. We all will…’
‘A witch? This is getting more surreal by the minute. I’m not a witch and have never practised witchcraft, or Wicca, or whatever it is. Well, apart from dabbling in teenage spell books to try and get the boy I fancied to go out with me when I was fifteen, and that didn’t work at all,’ I argued, trying to keep my face a calm mask to cover the confusion of emotions bubbling under the surface.
‘Ahh, so you have had an interest in witchcraft. It seems likely then. I’ll get Sebastian to check her bloodline.’ 
‘Oh, for goodness sake, all my friends had an interest in it. But as I said, the spells didn’t work. Nothing did. We tried tarot and that was no good either. I’m not a witch. There’s no such thing, I thought Wicca was just a religion celebrating nature and paganism?’ I replied, trying to ignore the fact that a month ago I would have laughed in the face of anyone who tried to tell me that vampires were real.
‘Those spells you tried as a teenager would never work. They’re dreamed up by human writers, who daydream about controlling the minds of the men they cannot have. I bet it was bound in a beautiful velvety cover with a ribbon to tie it up,’ she said as she smiled condescendingly. ‘Do you have a familiar?’ she asked.
‘A familiar? What? You mean like a witch’s pet? No!’
‘So you’ve never had a pet you felt very close to? Or felt an affinity with animals?’
‘Well, yes, I’ve always had pets. I love animals, but that hardly makes me a witch. I grew up with a cat, but it wasn’t a witch’s cat, just a fat, fluffy, tabby cat with very little brain,’ I said grinning as I remembered my childhood pet.
‘And more recently?’ she probed.
‘Hmm, well yes, I suppose so. I had a beautiful Siamese cat, but I didn’t buy him. He just turned up on my doorstep one day and wouldn’t leave me alone. But that doesn’t mean anything either. Cats often find themselves new homes.’ I suddenly felt myself pulled towards the black hole of information overload and badly needed to sit down.
Ignoring me, Eva turned back to Daniel. ‘There you go, maybe we can find her cat. I’ll get onto Sebastian. He’ll want to know,’ and with that Eva once again left the house as soundlessly as she entered.
‘He’s just a normal cat, Daniel. I loved him like a pet, but that is it. There’s nothing else to it,’ I explained.
‘Maybe,’ he said, sounding unconvinced. 
Ten minutes later, Eva walked back into the room. Her bossy, pushy attitude seemed to have abruptly disappeared and she was all smiles. 
‘Right Jessica, you get your wish. We’re heading back to Manchester. Sebastian wants to meet you, and we can test out these allegations for you. I think it must be very unsettling for you and we realise that you’ve no idea about your past, so try not to worry about it and we’ll sort it all out.’
I smiled warily at her, suspicious of what the ‘testing out’ may mean and what Sebastian, who was no doubt very powerful, meant to do with me. Me - a newborn vampire, who seemingly didn’t want to tow the line, and didn’t quite fit into the neat little newborn vampire boxes they had laid out for me.
During the day, Eva carried on with the best friend routine and after a while my guard dropped and I found myself chatting away, happy to have some female company after a quiet week spent with the brooding Daniel. She brought me a suitcase filled with new clothes, everything from nice new undies to jeans, t-shirts, jumpers, a couple of skirts, a dress and even a coat. She must have noticed that her wellies had been too large for me and had even got me a couple of pairs of shoes in both a size four and a five. For the first time all week, a true smile lit my face as I thanked her profusely. The knowledge that I could riffle through my own clothes each day, helped lift some of the depressive cloud that had been shadowing me.    
I gladly told her about my childhood, how my mother had died from breast cancer and how my father had shied away from me ever since. I knew he loved me, but he’d turned to alcohol since my mother’s death and had never been the same. I’d no extended family living anywhere near me, as my father’s parents had both died in their seventies, and my mother’s family lived in the south. My recent ‘family’ had been my two best friends. Luke, whom I’d known since I was fourteen, had a massive crush on and more recently had followed to university after he’d finally kissed me some six months earlier. Then of course there was my best friend Alex, whom I’d met at university and shared a student flat with. She was my rock, and I missed her easy-going lightness. Eva made a note of my family names and emailed them on to Sebastian, who was already looking into my family history. 

Some hours later, we were in Daniel’s blacked out MPV, speeding down the fast lane of the M6. Eva was chatting away about a vampire called Amy, who was clearly not her favourite person in the world, and Daniel hardly spoke a word. His brow was furrowed and his eyes fixed permanently on the road. I felt a new excitement welling in the pit of my stomach - nerves about meeting Sebastian mixed with happiness to be returning home, and a secret hope that I’d overcome all hurdles and somehow get to see my friends again. 
As we arrived in Manchester early on a Friday night, I found myself looking through the darkened windows at the familiar scene of young, happy people, laughing and flirting, wearing their best clothes and heading out to the trendiest bars. I was surprised as we headed straight into the centre and onto Oxford Road and even more so when we turned down a very familiar side street and slowed down by Exodus. Yet we didn’t stop outside, but drove round the back and parked in the service alley. There was nobody about, and as it was winter it was already dark. 
‘Exodus? Why are we here? I thought we were going to see Sebastian?’ I asked.
‘Sebastian owns several clubs, but Exodus is his new baby. Night clubs and bars are obvious business choices for vampires, as the work hours pose fewer problems for us, especially in the summer,’ Eva answered. ‘Come on.’ 
She opened the door and I followed her out into the alley. Daniel knocked three sharp successive raps on the door and it was immediately opened by a guy I vaguely recognised. He was the barman my friends had all voted as the ‘Best Looking Bartender in Manchester’. He had dirty blonde, fashionably styled short hair and a slow, easy smile.
‘Hi Dan, Eva.’ He nodded to them as he held open the door. ‘Is this the new witch-girl then?’ 
‘Hello Johnny. This is Jessica. Are you going to take us through?’ Daniel replied, not waiting for an answer, as he smoothly glided past and strode down the corridor. Eva and Johnny soon caught him up and I was led through a maze of corridors until, with a stop so abrupt I nearly walked into them, we came to a halt outside a heavy wooden door.
Three more knocks, and we entered a large room. In one corner was a large antique desk, and to the other side of the room some comfortable armchairs were grouped in a vague circle, two of them occupied by a couple who watched me intently. The man who I instantly knew to be Sebastian, as his presence immediately dominated the room, stood up from behind the desk and walked over to greet us. He was tall, broad-shouldered, with dark almost black hair, and he was exceptionally handsome. 
‘Daniel, Eva,’ he said inclining his head slightly towards them. ‘And this must be Jessica,’ he said, his eyes roaming the full length of my body and finishing by staring straight into my eyes. ‘Mmm, I can see why you couldn’t resist this one, Daniel. I bet she was sublime. It’s a shame her blood will have lost some of its flavour; I haven’t tasted witch in a long time, it’s so potent it takes incredible strength not to drain the last drop. Oh! But then you didn’t get to drain her, did you? Such a shame! No doubt you both got a taste though?’ he said, with a quick smile towards Eva, confirming he’d already been told the details. ‘Although maybe she is indeed a witch, if she’s rejecting you. So, maybe her blood would be worth a quick taste after all?’ He smiled at me, and I could see his fangs pushing through at the thought of biting me. At once I felt the danger in the air and I stepped backwards behind Eva and Daniel. Daniel stepped forward, shielding me.
‘Sebastian, I think Eva might be wrong. I’ve not yet had to command her, it's just a hunch, and we do have a connection. I feel her, emotionally and physically. I know where she is and what she wants.’ His stance became powerful, protective. ‘She is mine, and I don’t want her weakened unless we are sure.’
‘Of course, if that’s true then she will belong to you and be of no interest to me. However we do need to clarify these hunches, so I propose a test.’ He stalked past Daniel and smiled at me, and once again I felt the danger lurking behind the smile. I had a feeling this would not be a fair test.
‘The key here Daniel, is for her to obey your command. If you can get in her head, then I’ll leave you both alone. If she rejects you as her master, then I’ll have to take over as I cannot have a renegade newborn roaming the streets,’ he smiled slowly. ‘Obviously the order has to be an unwelcome one, otherwise we would never know if she was just choosing to follow the command to hide her true bloodline.’
Daniel turned to look at me, worry creasing his features as he smiled tentatively. I felt him projecting his thoughts towards me, willing me to listen, and I knew there was no escape. He’d tried his best.
‘You know what I want Daniel; I won’t take more than a taste. Just to prove a point. You have two minutes.’ Sebastian’s eyes flashed up to meet mine as he walked slowly past, his hand brushing the back of my hip as he sauntered back to his desk and sat down.
Damn! Damn! Damn! Now what? Was I to be a light supper?
Daniel’s face turned to stone. His eyes, which were normally a chocolaty brown, were getting darker by the second, the pupils dilating beyond normal proportion, turning his eyes a glossy black. He opened his mouth slightly, and I could see his fangs were fully protruded. I felt waves of tension firing from him. The two vampires in the corner felt the tension in the air and stood up, ready to jump in if required. Eva stepped over, and putting her hands on either side of his face whispered,
‘Don’t Daniel. He’s looking for an excuse to take her. You both have to do this.’ 
After what seemed a long five minutes, but could have only been mere seconds, his face relaxed and his eyes returned to normal. He turned to me and gazed into my eyes. I suddenly felt his power start to wash over me again and realised I could hear his voice in my head. He was speaking to me, but his lips didn’t move. Immediately my instinct was to block him and I found I could do this easily, pushing him out bit by bit.
‘Jessica, No! Please listen to me or I can’t save you from him. You have to do this. You have to let me in. Let me guide you.’ I looked at the other vampires in the room to see if they’d heard him, but even Eva, who was watching intently, showed no signs of understanding. He was talking to me with his mind. Weird! I listened, intrigued.
‘He wants you to go to him. He wants to taste you.’ I shuddered as my worst fears were realised and immediately tried to shut him out again. ‘Jessica, listen please. It will only be for a moment. He knows you wouldn’t willingly do this. It’s the only thing you can do to make him believe I can control you…..otherwise he will find a way to.’ 
Even more strangely, I found I could speak to him in return.
 ‘What if he can’t control me either?’ I thought, already knowing the answer.
‘Remember, he knows everyone you care about and where to find them. He can control you through them, and if that fails he could kill you,’ he answered. 
‘Time’s up, Daniel. Is the little witch going to obey you?’ Sebastian swung round from the desk and eyed me hungrily.
‘Do as I ask!’ Daniel said blasting me with power. 
His voice took on a cold, forceful air as he spoke the words both out loud and psychically. I was taken by surprise and felt the full force of his command like a slap across the face. I saw Eva watch me. Her eyes seemed friendly, pleading me to do the right thing. I knew now what I had to do to stay safe, so I walked trance-like towards Sebastian.  
For a second I saw the surprise show in Sebastian’s eyes as they momentarily widened, then he smiled a slow easy smile. He turned to the vampire pair still standing in the corner.
‘Troy, Isabelle, you can leave the room now. I have no further need of you,’ he commanded.
After watching the vampire couple leave the room, he turned back to me smiling. ‘Let’s make ourselves comfortable, shall we?’ He walked over to the comfortable chairs, and I followed somewhat reluctantly. 
Daniel was by my side, then suddenly in my head. ‘Jessica, let your guard down. Let him into your head. It won’t hurt that way. Let him seduce you.’ I could see the strain showing at the corners of his mouth, as his eyes flicked over to Sebastian.
‘Jessica, come, sit next to me.’ Sebastian patted the seat of a small sofa he was sitting on and I walked over and sat down. ‘Hmm, now which pulse point shall we go for? There is a good juicy one just in your inner thigh! Such a shame you have those tight jeans on.’ He laughed a deep, dirty laugh and Eva had to step forward to restrain a glowering Daniel. 
I knew I had to get this over with before Daniel’s restraint broke, along with my resolve. I took a deep breath, and stroking his thigh I moved closer, tilting my head so my neck was upturned to him. With my new vampire hearing, I not only heard Sebastian’s quick intake of breath, but also Eva and Daniel’s as they looked at me in shock. I kept up the part and saw it begin to work, as Sebastian’s attention was diverted from teasing Daniel, and he became fully focused on me. 
His fangs once again shot out, this time fully, and his eyes went black. My emotional wall went up as I tensed, and a second later agonising pain seared through my neck as his teeth tore into me. I felt energy scream within me and thought I saw the lighting flicker. Sebastian suddenly released me. I expected retribution, but strangely it never came.
‘Jessica I'm so sorry. I didn’t mean to harm you. Let’s try again.’ He looked at me with something new in his eyes, something softer, and this time I knew I had to let my guard down and let him in. I stared into his eyes as he stroked my face and leaned in once more. This time was different, very different. I shivered as a warm wave of pleasure surged through my body. If I’d been human I’d have felt goose bumps play along my arms, but as it was I felt an addictive mix of sexual energy and pure joy blast through my senses. For the very first time I felt something quickly pushing through the sensitive skin in my mouth. I ran my tongue tentatively over my newly formed fangs. I felt hungry and impatient for more, as mere seconds later Sebastian was pulling away and searching my face quizzically, before gently lifting my top lip to witness my virgin fangs starting to recede. He lifted my hand to his lips briefly in an oddly old-fashioned gesture, and stepping away, turned back to Daniel.
‘She is yours, for as long as she wishes to be and for as long as you can control her. She is surely a witch, but I can taste your blood in her as well, and as long as she causes no trouble she may prove to be more useful than she seems.’ He added, ‘I suggest you do not enter the club yet as the police are still looking for leads, and her transformation is not complete. You can stay in the rooms here or return to the farm as you wish.’
During this exchange I sat open-mouthed, staring at Sebastian. My fangs had disappeared, but I felt dazed and there was a persistent throbbing in my groin. 
‘We’ll stay here tonight. Jessica has not yet encountered humans. I thought if she fed it may help disperse her human memories a little. It seems she's found her fangs finally, and I know plenty of willing donors here in the city,’ Eva said laughing. Sebastian chuckled along with her comments, but I noticed Daniel was still motionless.
I let my mind reach out, as if I were uncurling invisible ribbons and throwing them out towards him, and felt an onslaught of emotion in return. I recoiled as anger, jealousy and resentment battled against an animalistic excitement and relief. I wondered if he’d felt the waves of arousal that had taken over my body, as Sebastian’s fangs penetrated my skin, and suddenly his mind was joined with mine again. ‘Yes, I did. It was not your fault. You did everything I asked.' He’d silently answered my question and I looked down quickly to hide the rising blush.
‘Right, let’s go. Daniel, take her up to my suite. I’m going to do a little light hunting,’ Eva said, grinning wolfishly. ‘Don’t worry Jessica, it will be fully consensual. We don’t live in the dark ages anymore. Well, most of us don’t anyway!’
As Daniel led me out of the room, Sebastian looked up from his desk and straight into my eyes. ‘Jessica, I meant what I said. Come to me anytime. I shall look forward to our next meeting and will be keeping an eye on you. I will let you know what I find with regards to your family lineage.’ With that, his eyes slowly travelled the length of my body. He finished the gesture with an easy grin and a wink as he bade me goodbye.
I felt Daniel grip my upper arm tightly as he led me out of the room.
‘She’ll be just fine with me, Sebastian. Thank you for your offer of accommodation,’ he said with a snarl. Sebastian merely waved us away. Once through the door Daniel had still not let go of my arm and I was wondering if vampires could bruise.
‘Ehm, Daniel, could you let go of my arm please? I’m starting to lose feeling in my fingers,’ I joked. Of course I was not in any real pain, but it was beginning to feel a little uncomfortable.
‘Sorry!’ He dropped my arm as suddenly as if it were burning his fingers and marched off down the corridor at such a pace I almost struggled to keep up. 
We hurried down a long corridor that must have run the length of the club, as I could hear the thumping music starting up in the background. It was only ten o’clock and the night was young. In fact I wondered at hearing the music, as I hadn’t thought the club would be open yet. Maybe it was open for other business, vampire business! 
At the end of the corridor was a fire exit and a flight of stairs. We ascended four flights after which I was amazed that I didn’t even catch my breath. I laughed spontaneously at the ease of it, as a month ago I would have been bent double, wheezing away, but I felt nothing. I could have done it again, twice! Daniel paused to take in my elevated mood, before turning round and marching off through the heavy door. He held it open for me briefly, before carrying on down the corridor till he reached a door marked ‘No 6’. After searching for his key ring, he unlocked the door and held it open for me.
Chapter Four

We must have been on the top floor of the Victorian building, which presumably had been split into private rooms for guests or workers. Eva had said this was her suite, and it was a spacious room with high ceilings typical of the period and large, tall windows framed with heavily brocaded curtains and blackout blinds. My eyes noted the large curtained four poster bed and solid old furniture pieces, and I wondered how old they were. I was sorely tempted to go and flop on a beautiful French style chaise longue which didn’t quite fit in, but I felt awkward, so instead I stood and watched quietly.
Daniel stalked straight over to one of the windows where he stood, staring out into the darkness, and down at the street below. I wondered if he was regretting saving me as it seemed I was not quite what they’d anticipated. After all, I certainly wasn’t going to be the loyal flunky they seemed to expect from new vampires. Neither would I be the lover he’d hoped for. How could I be when I still loved Luke? I didn’t want to follow orders, and guessed I was a bit of a loose cannon. If they couldn’t control me, they had to hope I could control myself, and the big question was, could I?
‘I don't regret saving you Jessica, although I wonder if I did the right thing for any us, including yourself. If I’d left you to die, you wouldn't be feeling the pain of losing Luke and your life; however I could never have anticipated the strength of your will. As a new vampire you should already be forgetting your past,’ he answered silently.
‘So did you forget your wife, Ellie? Is that how you managed to stay away?’ I risked bringing her up in conversation, partly because I was intrigued and partly because I was still mad at him for the last hour.
‘Partly. She became a hazy memory over time, but I was also helped by Eva who simply gave me an order to stay away. When she was in my head she was able to tamper with my memories, make everything less acute. If you let me in I could do this for you.’ I immediately felt him reaching out to me with his mind, tendrils of thoughts weaving deeper into my head. I pushed him out and blasted him with my willpower.
‘No! I’m not prepared to forget Luke until I’m sure there can be no future for us.’
‘Jessica I’ve told you, there is no future. He will smell irresistible to you.’
‘You don’t know that. You said it yourself, I’m different. Who says I won’t be able to see him, speak to him. I want to try. I will try.’ 
‘You will not try. At least not until I’m certain that you won’t kill him. It would upset you more than you can imagine, and it’s also highly illegal. We have our own laws, you know. We're no longer allowed to kill humans without a pardon from the area leader - in your case Sebastian - and Sebastian would not allow you to risk killing Luke so close to your own death. Aside from killing Luke, have you not thought what it would do to him if you could speak to him? What would you say? He’s buried you! What future could you have together?’
‘Fine. Maybe I could go and find that girl gang and practice not killing humans on them!’ I reeled back, shocked at my sudden realisation that deep inside there was a nagging, burning anger. I wanted to punish them, scare them. Worst of all I wanted to kill them, slowly and painfully. I had a quick, awful vision of picking them up like rag dolls and slamming their heads into the crumbling Victorian walls. Horrified at my violent thoughts, I forced the thoughts away.
‘Hmm, somehow I don’t think that would be a great idea either, do you? Although it reassures me that somewhere inside you there is a vengeful vampire waiting to get out. That at least is what we expected from you.’ He raised an eyebrow and grinned at me. ‘However Sebastian won't allow you to murder them, whether they deserve it or not. It would draw too much attention to the area we work in, and the police are still hovering, hoping to find some new evidence to support your case.’
I walked over and joined him at the window, looking out onto the dark street. The window looked out over the front of the club, and now it was getting late, a small queue was starting to form at the front door below us. The girls were all chattering and giggling, hugging their arms round their tiny dresses in the freezing winter night. Some were already worse for an evening of drink and some stared ahead, wishing they were home already, snuggled up with their boyfriends, but not wanting to seem anti-social. 
The guys were generally all standing in packs, grouped together, dressed in stripy shirts and dark jeans. Occasionally one of them would make a comment and the rest of the gang would heckle their support. With men it was always about the banter, and I remembered how Luke was different when he was with his mates, a pack animal blending in. Yet with me he was tender and affectionate, funny and kind. At the memory, a single tear slid slowly down my cheek and I brushed it away before Daniel noticed it. Though of course, as he could read my mind, there was no real point in hiding it.
‘This is becoming excruciating, Jessica. What are we going to do with you?’ Suddenly he turned to face me and drew me to him. He encircled me in his strong arms, and as they folded me into his chest I found the tension leave my body in a big shudder. His chest felt hard and smooth under his shirt, and at first I wondered what was worrying me until I realised it was the lack of a heartbeat. It freaked me out, and then, as I was about to say something I heard it; a low thump, so sporadic I hadn’t initially noticed it. I guessed it only beat every ten seconds. Was mine the same?
He didn’t feel cold to my touch as I expected, but maybe that was because I too was running at the same low temperature, who knows? 
‘Stop analysing, Jessica. You are what you are, changed but alive, and as you found out, our hearts do actually beat, just very, very slowly,’ he said smiling. ‘Things will become easier with time. Now I promise not to erase any memories, but just let me try to help you forget everything for a few minutes at least.’ His voice once again calmed me so I let my barriers down and tentatively let him into my head. His hand traced a lazy pattern up and down my spine as I laid my head against his shoulder. I breathed in his wonderful scent which smelled earthy and rich, a bit like mulled wine bubbling on the stove on Christmas morning. Once again, I felt my new fangs run out and my pulse quicken ever so slightly. My worries faded away and I felt safe and calm.
Suddenly there was a quick knock on the door. It swung open and before I knew it, my mind reached out and slammed it shut again. As soon as I realised what I’d done, both Daniel and I broke apart and swivelled round. The door opened again and Eva entered, looking most displeased with having had a door slammed in her face, and I can’t say I blamed her. 
‘Eva, I’m so sorry. I don’t know what I did, or how…’ I faltered.
‘So you did this? Hmm, interesting development. Well, we’ll discuss this later. For now I have someone for you to meet.’ She turned around in the doorway and signalled to someone standing in the corridor. ‘Gavin, come here darling,’ she said softly, as she smiled and beckoned him into the room.
A young, good-looking lad of about twenty entered the room. His hair was fashionably dishevelled, his tight black jeans sitting low on his skinny hips. He looked around interestedly, but was not visibly nervous or frightened, and I wondered if he knew what we were, just as I’d suddenly become desperately sure of what I had become. 
The scent of his warm blood assaulted my senses with a blast and I could very faintly hear the quick drumming of his pulse. My mouth started watering, and my fangs, which had begun to recede with the disturbance, shot out to full length. I was exhilarated and thirsty. Very thirsty. 
I felt my body curl inwards, slightly tensing ready to pounce, and just as I was about to spring across the room and follow through with my natural instincts, Daniel’s hand was laid on my shoulder.
‘Slowly, try and rein it in a bit Jessica, remember you can’t kill him,’ he whispered, as Eva stepped slightly in front of the boy.
Amazingly this was all it took, and I suddenly realised this was a test they wanted me to fail. Within seconds I understood several things. Firstly, if I jumped forth and fed from this boy, yes, it would be nice and legal, but I’d have failed in my pledge to prove to them that I was capable of restraining myself and therefore seeing Luke, my father or even Alex.
Secondly, I was not sure how drinking ‘live’ human blood would affect me. They seemed to think it would help turn me into a fully-fledged vamp, thereby losing the human traits I still seemed to display. If these human traits were something to do with my supposed pagan heritage, would they be lost? These were not theories I wanted to test out right now, and in that split second everything changed and I was able to push up my barriers and look at the boy with human eyes. I was in control, just, but my barrier was shaky and my fangs pressed desperately against my tongue.
Eva stepped towards me, frowning slightly. ‘She’s controlled it. I don’t believe it!’ She sidestepped a little and turned back to the boy. ‘Gavin love, go to Jessica now. Show her what you want.’
Gavin smiled as if in a dream and silently walked towards me. His scent became more intoxicating the closer he got. He stopped a couple of feet away and smiled lazily at me.
‘Hi there. Evie says you need me as much as she did, maybe more.’ I was paralysed with shock, trying to control my instincts, and as he slowly removed his jacket and undid the top few buttons of his shirt, exposing his neck to me I felt a gush of emotion; hunger, lust and need suddenly merged with anger and a furious disgust. I would not do this.
‘No!’ my voice croaked, as my throat had suddenly dried up, but as I stumbled backwards, trying to fight off the built-up emotions, they exploded, and suddenly the room was erupting. 
The mirror over the antique dresser exploded into a thousand tiny shards and as I swivelled round to see it, I saw all the items from the dresser – hairbrush, pots of cream and make-up bag – hovering in the air as if attached to invisible strings. When I looked at the items they shot through the air towards Eva and the boy. Gavin had retreated several paces and appeared to have come out of his trance, as he looked extremely confused and terrified.
Eva, get the boy out of here and fix his memory. I will deal with Jessica,’ Daniel shouted over the noise as his arms once again wrapped around my body, this time from behind. Eva simply nodded, and pushed the dazed Gavin ahead of her through the door and into the corridor.
When the door slammed behind them a sudden stillness fell on the room and I didn’t even try to escape Daniel’s hold. Both of us simply stood and stared. I couldn’t process the fact that it had come from me. I was shaking uncontrollably. I’d smashed a mirror with my own mind and furthermore directed the shards of glass towards them. I whimpered slightly and shook some more in Daniel’s tight, silent grasp. My world had been turned upside down and now I knew I’d no hope of returning to the normal girl I once was. What the hell was happening to me?
‘Well Jessica, it would be useful if you could do your thing and whiz all these shards of glass into the bin for us,’ Daniel said, as he surveyed the devastation in the room.
‘It’s not funny Daniel. I haven’t got a clue how I did it. I really don’t know what, or how I did what I did,’ I whispered.
‘So nothing like this has ever happened to you before. You really didn’t know you were capable of doing this?’ he asked, as I moved out of his grasp and turned to look at him.
‘No! Never. It would’ve been a pretty good party trick, and useful tactic for ending rows with my dad I admit, but no, I never knew I was capable of this. As for repeating it, I wouldn’t know where to begin.’
‘Right, we’d better call the cleaners then and get it sorted.’ Then, almost reluctantly he added, ‘I suppose we should take a little trip back downstairs while it’s being done and see if Sebastian’s found anything out about your family history.’
He picked up the phone, requested some cleaners and had a general chat, as if cleaning up exploding mirrors was an everyday occurrence. Meanwhile I turned back to the dresser and tried to tidy the various items into a neat pile, wondering what Sebastian would have to say about my latest trick. I shuddered and hoped he still felt affectionately towards me. I didn’t fancy burning at the stake, and I was sure that vampires had no morals, when it came to disposing of an unwanted newborn who didn’t know how to control her wild side.

‘Well Jessica, I didn’t expect to see you again quite this soon, although I should have known after tasting your blood you’d be trouble,’ Sebastian said, some ten minutes later as I entered his office. 
When I dared to finally meet his eyes relief shot through my body as I realised he was smiling, with one eyebrow arched high.
‘Eva popped in on her way past, and I must say you’ve upset her. I believe she’s never witnessed such a violent display in return for a simple meal!’ he went on.
‘I’m sorry Sebastian. I truly didn’t know I could do that, and even now I don’t know how I did it. I just felt angry. I was being pushed to do something I di….’ I was about to say ‘didn’t want to do’ but I wondered how that might sound to him and quickly changed tack, ‘didn’t feel ready for.’ 
Daniel stepped forward as he obviously felt I’d done enough talking and said, ‘Sebastian, I believe the witch blood in her has allowed her body to keep hold of her human soul, and it is this soul that the vampire in her is battling with internally.’ Sebastian nodded his head.
‘That all sounds very plausible, apart from one small detail. I’ve tracked her family back a couple of hundred years and so far found nothing. Her father’s family go all the way back to typical British Anglo-Saxon heritage, with no pagan names jumping out. If anything they were war-mongering Vikings.’
‘But I believe witchblood usually runs stronger on the mother’s side.’ Daniel interrupted.
‘Yes, but there is nothing to be found there either. If her mother is indeed Mary Collins, there is no trace of witch in her family either.’ Sebastian turned back to me and smiled. ‘Yet it’s undeniable that you are a little witch. Could you be keeping something from us?’ His smile hardened and I froze. I’d told them all I knew. Could it be that I had a different mother? It was inconceivable.
‘No! Mary Collins was my mother. She died a couple of years ago, and I have photos going all the way back through my childhood, sitting in albums in my dad’s house,’ I retorted, regretting the last half of the sentence immediately.
‘She’s telling the truth. She’s not hiding anything,’ Daniel said quietly.
‘OK, we will send someone over there to recover the albums and then we might be able to shed some more light on the issue.’ 
‘You can’t, what about my dad. I…’ I was interrupted suddenly by Daniel, and I realised I’d overstepped my mark as Sebastian’s face darkened.
‘Jessica, Sebastian is your leader. You must show him respect. Never tell him what he can or cannot do. You must apologise.’ He then faced Sebastian and continued, ‘I am so sorry Sebastian, she’s not yet had time to understand all of our ways.’
I swallowed my modern pride as I realised that he was somewhat dangerous, and in control of my new life, so I managed to stammer out an apology.
‘I’m sorry Sebastian, I didn’t mean to sound rude. I was just worried for the welfare of my father.’
‘I realise that Jessica, but you must take Daniel’s words very seriously. There is no crime more punishable than disrespecting an elder. We take it very seriously, and regardless of your unique little quirks, you will be punished if you do not respect your station.’
I looked down at my feet and felt like a little girl, which was incredibly strange as both men standing in front of me looked no more than ten years older than me. The twenty-first century girl in me found Sebastian’s words old–fashioned, and I fought desperately to hide the smile threatening to break out, so biting the corner of my lips I glared at the floor until I'd recovered. When I met Sebastian’s eyes again he carried on, ‘Your father will never know we've been there. You don’t need to worry Jessica.’
After another thirty minutes, it was decided that Daniel and I should return to his house in Manchester, but I was still under strict house arrest.
‘You realise Jessica, that if you were to have a decent feed your transformation would be quicker and your life could regain some normality. However, if you insist on drinking banked blood all the time, your transformation will take much longer and you’ll be stuck inside Daniel’s dingy house until then,’ Sebastian explained with a wry smile as he handed me a glass of the usual dark red stuff.
‘It all depends on what a person’s view of decent is though, doesn’t it, and I don’t feel that feeding from some poor infatuated guy is decent,’ I answered a little too sharply.
‘Daniel, you need to take her away before she pushes my patience too far and I decide to teach her some manners, because if she steps out of line again I will surely teach them to her, and my teaching may not be so nice!’ With that Sebastian glared at me, as Daniel removed the glass from my hands and quickly herded me from the room.
‘Do you have a death wish, you silly girl?’ Daniel whispered.
‘No, I…’
‘You don’t realise, but he’s been the leader of the Northern Vampires for more than four hundred years. He has very particular views on how his subordinates should behave and speak to him. He’s been exceptionally lenient with you, I suspect because he thinks he may be able to use your talents at some point in the future. He’s always on the lookout for vampires with special talents, and it’s always useful to have extra resources in the clan, especially if war breaks out with the Southern clan again,’ Daniel said, without stopping for breath.
‘Subordinates! I just can’t get my head around this language. Not once throughout my whole life has anyone called me a subordinate, or anyone else I know of for that matter, and since I was murdered only two weeks ago it now seems to be the regular buzzword. It’s just not right!’ I stressed.
‘But Jessica, it is right. He’s at least five hundred years older than you, probably much more. To him you’re very much his inferior, a child that has to be educated, that has to show respect. He’s seen more with his own eyes than you have read in your history books at school, and he comes from a world that is so different to yours in every respect. To him you are a child, a servant and a woman – his subordinate in every way.’
‘Fantastic! Well he should have seen the women’s suffrage movement in the early twentieth century, or did he conveniently forget that? It’s all very well you spouting history at me, but history has moved on and you vampires need to move with the times and stop talking as if you have something stuck up your …’
‘Jessica stop!’ Daniel interrupted me. ‘Some of us do move forward and take on new views, but then I’m a comparatively young vampire, and it is a lot harder for the older ones. More to the point, they don’t need to, as they have the power to keep things the way they want them. If you disrespect them and they decide your talents are not worth the back-talk, they will simply dispose of you. No discussion. No jury. Talking of which, this discussion is over. Now let’s go home.’  
During this whispered conversation, Daniel had been quickly steering me back through the corridors to the back of the club. We exited through the rear service door we’d arrived through and found his car waiting for us. With my new vampire hearing, I could hear the shrill voices of the young, drunk girls queuing for entrance to the club, and found that if I zoned in on a particular group I could pick out specific words, conversations. I could hear two guys talking in low slurred voices about the voluptuous assets of the women in the queue ahead of them, who in turn were sniping about the woman with a cute boyfriend.
‘Jessica, get in.’ Daniel’s voice interrupted my eavesdropping and I reluctantly climbed into the passenger seat of the car.
‘So where do you live? Where are we going? I hope it’s not up near Piccadilly and my old student accommodation; that would be a little close for comfort!’
‘No. I live in Didsbury. Do you know anyone there? Not that it matters, as you won’t be going out anyway,’ he said, grinning at me again. He had visibly relaxed now he was back in the driver’s seat and we were zooming away from the infamous Sebastian.
‘No I don’t know anyone in Didsbury, all my friends live in the city centre or Rusholme. Why do you live in Didsbury? Is it because of the students?’ I asked.
‘Yes partly. It’s ideal for us to live there, because the neighbours change every year and no-one notices if you don’t grow any older,’ he answered. Students don’t generally notice or care what their neighbours get up to,’ he answered.
We drove in silence for a while and I noted with relief that at least his music tastes had moved with the times, as he turned the volume up on my favourite band’s latest album.

After only twenty minutes or so we’d pulled off the main road and turned onto a quiet suburban street flanked with huge Victorian houses; typical student houses all spilt into flats or simple bedsits. Half way along the street, Daniel turned off the road into the short drive of a huge old detached house with a high pitched roof and leaded windows which shone in the moonlight.
As the car stopped outside the house, Daniel clicked a remote, a garage door started lifting, and we drove down into a converted cellar. As the garage door closed behind us, an automatic light came on and lit our way from the car and into the house, through the cellar door and up into a spacious hallway which I gazed around eagerly.
‘I'll show you to your room. Follow me.’ 
Daniel led the way up the soft carpeted stairs towards the front of the house, and into a perfect Victorian bedroom. The walls were painted duck egg blue and there was a cream painted fireplace with ornate carvings, and an antique French dresser. After a very long day, I let out a long sigh and smiled a genuinely happy smile.
‘This is to your liking, I hope?’ Daniel asked quietly.
‘Are you kidding? This is heaven. You couldn’t have picked a more perfect room if you’d hired all the country’s best designers. I love it. Thank you so much!’
‘Good, I'm glad. I’ll leave you to settle in and bring your things up shortly,’ he said smiling back at me, seeming pleased to have made me happy at last. 
He closed the door quietly behind him and I heard his soft footfalls retreating down the stairs. I walked straight over to the huge black wrought iron bed, took in the beautiful patchwork quilt and cream crocheted cushions before turning my back on it, and with arms flung wide, let myself fall into its soft embrace. The mattress was soft but the springs proved the bed to be an authentic Victorian piece as they squeaked in protest. I quickly stilled my bounces and hoped Daniel hadn’t heard my childish behaviour as I stared up at the rather fabulous gothic chandelier. 
Lying on my back, I looked past the heavy silk curtains, framing the large leaded windows, and out at the moonlit night. All at once I felt the impact of the last twenty-four hours. It was probably nothing to your average vampire, but I felt a tiredness wash over me and my eyes became heavy. I gave in and let myself drift into a sweet oblivion.
Chapter Five

The night turned into day and I slept on, restless while Luke haunted my slumber, his luminous features framed as he stood staring in at me through the window. I saw those impossible wings spreading from his back and glowing in the moonlight, but it must have been a dream, as Daniel had visited me before I awoke, and closed my heavy curtains to block out the sun’s glare, placing my new suitcase near the wardrobe. It was all dreams.
I awoke as the sun was dipping behind the rows of suburban town houses on what was a lovely crisp winter’s day. As the sun was still reasonably high in the sky, I reckoned it was between one and two in the afternoon, which meant I must have slept almost twelve hours – what on earth was the matter with me? I’d never slept that long prior to being made a vampire, and now I supposedly only needed a couple of hours a night.
I opened my suitcase and decided to put off the inevitable meeting with Daniel and instead, I wasted time hanging up clothes in the beautiful old wardrobe. These new clothes were the only possessions I had. I wondered if I could get a message to Sebastian, to ask him to retrieve a couple of sorely missed items from my dad’s house, like my obscenely expensive face cream which Luke had bought me for Christmas, all because I said my favourite film star used it. However, as I looked at my reflection in the mirror, I realised I’d never need it again. It seemed that two weeks as a member of the undead had fixed any complexion worries I may have had, as my skin was now blemish free. There was absolutely no sign of the scar that should have marked my cheek. I glowed with health, although a spot of fake tan or bronzer wouldn’t go amiss.
So if I didn’t need my skin care and cosmetics, I mused as to what I missed the most. I looked around my beautiful room. It was perfect, but somehow barren. As my eyes wandered the length of the room, I knew what I needed most - my bookshelves, stocked with all my favourite novels; everything from Jane Austen to Marian Keyes. I loved getting lost in a book and would regularly get a new one, disappear up to bed with it and lounge around all weekend until I’d devoured it. I needed books, and fast, if I was going to be kept prisoner here. 
My other prize possessions included my DVD collection and iPod. I loved watching all kinds of films, huddled into the squashy sofa with my best friend Alex and a tub of our favourite ice cream, watching mindlessly fun, romantic comedies. Equally, I loved snuggling up against Luke to watch the latest thriller. 
However, I hadn’t been completely straight with Eva when she’d quizzed me on my interest in witchcraft. I wondered what she’d say if she scanned my DVD shelf, housing my secret guilty pleasures for which I couldn’t explain my attraction, ‘Practical Magic’, ‘The Craft’, all the ‘Harry Potter’ films, ‘X-men’ and ‘Merlin’. Alex had often ribbed me for my continued fascination with all things supernatural, and I couldn’t explain it. Well maybe now I could? It was somewhat ironic, and I couldn’t decide whether to smile or frown. 
I mulled over the events of the past week and still found it too surreal; something I decided was best left alone. So snapping out of my daydreams I hurriedly finished the task of putting my clothes away. It didn’t take long as I hadn’t many, another reason to find a way to get out of the house.  Once finished I opened my door, half expecting it to creak, but it didn’t and I padded barefoot down the soft carpeted hallway to the stairs. 
It was a vast house and I passed another two closed doors on my way to the stairwell, and an open door housing a bathroom. It looked spotless and untouched, but of course it was virtually unused, apart from the odd shower. It had taken me several days after my ‘death’ to realise that I no longer needed to use the bathroom. I never needed the loo as I had no waste products in my body, I didn’t sweat, and for some reason still unknown to me, my hair, skin and teeth always gleamed. The only need for a shower was if you actually got dirty, and this is surprisingly difficult to do once you have passed puberty, especially when you are under house arrest.
The stairs went both upwards to a second floor and down to the ground floor. I decided it might be a little rude to take myself on a tour, so going downstairs I sought out Daniel. I found him in the first room I looked in, a large, airy front reception room decked out with leather sofas and a huge wide-screen television – some things never change with men, supernatural or not. 
‘Umm Hi! Sorry I’ve been ages. I was unpacking my stuff. I love the room by the way,’ I said, eager to avoid any confrontation due to the fact that I’d slept through the best part of the day.
‘Oh, so you’ve surfaced have you? I was beginning to wonder if Sebastian had in fact changed his mind regarding your usefulness and unbeknown to me sent his cronies over to dispose of you in the middle of the night,’ Daniel said, as he half-turned towards me and looked up smiling.
I said nothing, but poked out the tip of my tongue in response.
‘I expect you'll need some refreshment pretty urgently?’ he said, and I got the impression he was gently reminding me how I should be behaving. In fact, until he’d mentioned my empty stomach, I’d felt no hunger at all but I didn’t think this was the best time to mention it, so I went for the easier option, lying.
‘Yep, sure. I’m starving! I’ve never felt so hungry!’ OK, so I may have overdone it slightly, and I’d forgotten that he could read my real feelings from the direct source.
‘Of course you are Jessica, although you may want to work on sounding a bit more convincing next time,’ Daniel said, grinning at my discomfort.
‘Help yourself. We’ve a stockpile especially for you in the fridge,’ he added before turning back to the sports channel.
I couldn’t believe it. I thought I’d done really well having Luke as my boyfriend, because even though he liked football and cricket, he wasn’t obsessed like loads of blokes, yet here I was hooked up with a seemingly sport-loving vampire. I could only hope there were more televisions and a DVD player. Or maybe I could go and live with Eva, although after my recent exploits had effectively destroyed her room, maybe not.
I decided the fridge invitation was a good excuse to explore a bit further, and also realised that there was in fact a dull, nagging sensation in the pit of my stomach. However, on opening the fridge, I stared in bemusement. Instead of the neat rows of blood bags I’d gotten used to in Cumbria, I was faced with a regular human fridge – milk, cheese and veggies. I heard a low grumbling chuckle and turned around to face Daniel, framed in the doorway smirking at me. I let my eyes check out the rest of the kitchen and found a bread bin, kettle, tea and coffee pots.
‘So Jessica, do you fancy trying out that tea and toast craving of yours?’ he said, smiling.
‘Ehm maybe,’ I faltered, ‘but where is..?’ Suddenly, since I assumed there was no blood available, a craving so strong reared up and hit me in the solar plexus. I felt a red hot anger once again growing inside me. They were playing with me; they were going to try and make me cave in and feed from some poor human. My face and body language must have changed swiftly, because Daniel took a step back, the smile gone. The fridge door swung from my hand and slammed back in place, the contents rattling, as shock registered on both our faces.
‘Jessica, it’s OK, there’s a fridge full of the red stuff in the utility room. This is just for show, in case I bring a human girl home from the club, or we get an unexpected visit. It wouldn’t do for someone to open the fridge looking for milk and find row after row of blood, would it?’ He smiled again and I softened my glare.
‘The utility room is through that door to your left. Help yourself.’ He nodded in the direction of the door and headed back to his television. I opened the door to the utility and switched on the light. Opposite the door was a sleek silver fridge, and on opening it I was greeted with the uniformly neat rows I was suddenly hankering after. I removed two and stepped back into the kitchen with them to find the microwave. 
After warming it through and getting over my initial revulsion at the knowledge of what it was, I sighed and gave in to my craving. After finishing the first, I refilled my mug with the second bag and after warming it up a little, walked back through to sit with Daniel.
‘I’m sorry, did you want one?’ I said, suddenly feeling rather selfish and embarrassed after my hissy fit in the kitchen.
‘No it’s fine. I am going out later to the club. Eva will come and stay with you tonight,’ he replied.
‘Oh right, OK,’ I said, not wanting to think through what that meant regarding his dinner, or worry too much about the inevitable meet-up with Eva. Instead I asked a question which had been nagging me since awakening in Cumbria.
‘Daniel, where does all this blood come from? I mean you seem to have no problems with supply, and yet hospital blood banks are always saying they don’t have enough. Is this because of us? Do you steal it?’
‘No we do not steal it, Jessica. It is actually not a commodity that we tend to use a lot of because we tend to prefer drinking live blood, from a willing donor. We just have a few bags in for emergency use, and as in your case, newborns drink the majority of our supply. That is why we stocked up - for you,’ he replied.
‘So what happens when this runs out? Will I be expected to use live donors?’ I said, blanching at the idea.
‘Obviously we would prefer that you came round to our way of thinking, and I’m sure that once you get over your initial concerns, you will prefer it, as we do; however I will not force you and we can replenish your supply when we need to.’
‘How? I mean I don’t want to be taking it from the hospitals that need it.’
‘You won’t, my little vampire with a conscience. We have contacts in the health industry that have the credentials to buy blood legitimately, and we pay them. You don’t need to concern yourself with it,’ he answered, turning back to the football game once more.
After a very long fifteen minutes of watching him watching the football, I grew bored and decided that seeing as I was going to live in the house, I may as well get to know it.
‘Daniel, I’m just going to give myself a tour of the house. Is that OK?’ I decided to be polite and catch him off guard, but all the thanks I got was a grunt and a vague nod, his eyes staying glued to the players on the screen.
Half an hour later and I’d been down to the cellars, which I remembered had been converted into a very cool underground garage, and also nosed my way around the ground floor. Apart from the kitchen I’d already seen, and the boy’s room at the front of the house, there was a much more relaxing lounge at the back of the house, adjacent to the kitchen. 
I wondered if Eva had a hand in this room, because it housed a regular-sized television and a DVD player set into one alcove, while the focal point of the room was a beautiful Victorian fireplace with a richly-coloured woven rug in front of it. The floor was wooden, and there were two very stylish, but comfortable, sofas set around a heavy oak coffee table. My eyes were drawn to a neat pile of women’s magazines and my suspicions were confirmed – this must be Eva’s doing.  I settled myself on the nearest sofa and sank gratefully into its cushions with a current copy of my favourite magazine, wondering idly how long it would be before I could go shopping again, and where I’d get the money. 
I was still sitting on the same sofa an hour later when Eva arrived, rushing into the house through the front door like a whirlwind. First she went to Daniel’s door.
‘Hi Dan, how’s the little witch doing? I take it she’s woken up finally?’
I heard his grunt of ascent and realising she wasn’t going to get anything more from him until the end of the game, she headed on down the hallway to me.
‘Hey witch-girl, broken any more mirrors? You realise you are going to get the seven years bad luck for breaking my mirror, not me?’ Her words were antagonistic, but as soon as I looked up I realised she was just trying to wind me up. Smiling, she flung herself down on the other sofa and propped her feet up on the table.
‘I love the twenty-first century, I really do. Can you imagine how constricting it was to be a girl in my world? It was all corsets and never speaking unless you were spoken too. I’d have been whipped senseless for even thinking about putting my feet on the table. I couldn’t have thanked Sebastian more for releasing me from that half-life. Your world has its issues, but I much prefer it to mine,’ she said smiling again.
I smiled back thinking of my fascination with period dramas and Jane Austen. In my head it was all imagined, but in hers it was very real memories. I couldn’t wait to grill her, to see if she had a real life Darcy, but I needed to apologise first.
‘I’m sorry about your dressing table Eva. I’ve no idea how I did it. It’s never happened before, and that table was so beautiful. Can you get another mirror for it?’ I asked quietly.
‘Don’t worry little witch, Sebastian is sorting it out for me. It will be beautiful again next week. I was more upset by you turning your nose up at the meal I’d chosen for you. I thought he’d have your taste buds tingling and begging for more.’
I decided to be honest. ‘Actually he did, well initially anyway. If Daniel hadn’t put his hand on my shoulder I think I might have drained him dry, I don’t think I could have stopped.’ I broke off, horrified as I realised I’d put my fears into words.
Eva nodded thoughtfully and grinning again said, ‘Hmm, I wonder if Sebastian would have preferred to be sorting out my broken mirror or an accidentally drained corpse? Tough one, but I suspect you wouldn’t want to know the answer!’
I stared in horror at her joke, but she just laughed and carried on. ‘Jessica, we’d never have allowed you to drain him. We could have pulled you off him between us, and his memory had to be corrected regardless. I think Daniel made an error. If he’d let you give in to your new instincts, things would be easier for you now,’ she explained.
‘How do you know that? The thought of it makes me feel sick, Eva. I’m not normal, not like you,’ I said, trying to make her understand me.
‘Jessica, no-one is normal in the beginning. Anyway, what’s normal? Everyone has a different perception of it. You may not realise it yet, but most vampires are different to each other in some ways, just like humans. We all carry a little of our past with us and that effects the vampire we become. Some are cruel, some are kind, and some have certain skills, like you…’
‘So why is everyone calling me the witch then, if some other vampires have special skills too?’ I asked.
‘You are different. Your power, shall we say, is definitely witchcraft-based. I know of no vampire who can move things telepathically. Typical vampire skills are things like flying, although that’s dying out, mind–reading, or in Sebastian’s case he can tell whether people are intrinsically good or bad from tasting their blood. This is of course another reason why he wanted to taste you,’ she added. ‘He’s weeded out a couple of traitors that way. Talking of which, he won’t be impressed if he finds out you know that about him, so I wouldn’t mention it,’ she said, as she smiled and relaxed back into her sofa with a magazine.
After Daniel’s football finished, he joined us and we all chatted and read magazines. Sooner than I expected, the sun was setting on my first day back in Manchester. 
At around eight o’ clock in the evening, Daniel left the house to meet up with some friends and go to Exodus, and I realised with a jolt that he’d never left me before. I felt a strange pull as he smiled at me, I could feel his warmth as he intruded on my thoughts and fears, then he suddenly pulled me into an embrace.
‘You can come with me if you want Jessica, but we will be hunting and I don’t think you’re ready yet,’ he murmured.
I shook my head slowly. ‘No, I don’t want to come, but I don’t want to be left here either,’ I said quietly.
‘You’ll be fine with Eva. You can have a girl’s night in and watch one of the films you were mentioning. You know I need to feed, it’s what we are, but no one will be hurt; they won’t even remember me. Just like a mosquito, remember?’ he said and grinned at Eva, who scowled at the idea. 
I smiled hesitantly back and a couple of seconds later he was gone.
After curling up on the sofas again, Eva grinned and produced ‘Breakfast at Tiffany’s’, an old favourite of mine. Around midnight I grew bored and went to bed, out of habit rather than tiredness, and ignoring Eva’s jibes I trudged up the stairs and sank into bed. I wondered what Alex and Luke were doing, and whether they were out in town, or in bed like me. 
Thinking of them I got back out of bed, went to my bedroom window and stood in the dark watching the still night. I could have gone then, through the window. I could have tried to find them, but what would I say? Plus of course, with Eva’s hearing, she’d be on my back within seconds. No, I reasoned, now was not the time. 
The rest of the week passed with such boring repetitiveness that even I was amazed at my control, managing not to bolt in the middle of the night. But every night I told myself the same things. There’d be no point in leaving without their approval, they'd catch me before I could blink, and then they’d never trust me again. Plus I didn’t like thinking it, but Eva was starting to fill the huge empty void that Alex had left. She was chatty and fun.
Daniel was different. Every time I looked at his beautiful face I felt guilt, like I was betraying Luke. If I felt uneasy, Daniel calmed me. When I felt sad he made me smile, and when I felt totally and utterly alone he held my hand and watched TV with me. He never said a word about my forbidden thoughts of finding Luke, never chastised me, and never corrected me. He was in my head. He knew what I wanted and who I missed, but he never mentioned it. He gave me the privacy to mourn my own death.

Luckily by the end of the week a couple of things happened which thankfully led to me getting out of the house, and after six days of house arrest I was starting to waver on the meal options. In the hope that consuming more would have a positive effect on my image transformation, I’d doubled my intake to four packs a day, and as I sat in front of my mirror in the morning, I decided it was time to convince Eva and Daniel that I’d changed enough to go out. 
Essentially I was still the same girl, but my eye colour had totally changed from the sparkling darker, but still natural blue they were when I first awoke, to the same dark chocolate that Eva and Daniel’s were. They were so dark they looked almost black, but if you looked really closely they had red flecks in them. To any regular person glancing at me they would look like very pretty, dark Mediterranean eyes, but they stood out like deep, dark pools against my super-pale flawless skin and blonde hair, which had become lighter, shinier and smoother. My face had changed to become slightly more angular and defined. I had cheekbones for the first time in my life and they looked great.
Where I’d been an average, curvy size twelve before, my body had now become much harder and leaner. The clothes which Eva had bought the first week now hung from me, and I realised with a smile that I probably needed to go down two dress sizes - another reason for a trip out. Consequently, I dressed and clothed myself in my baggiest clothes, to accentuate the need for a shopping trip. She loved shopping, so I skipped down the stairs and into the kitchen to put my case forward.
I was met in the kitchen with two serious faces waiting for me. Daniel looked concerned, sad even, and Eva averted her gaze and looked down at the table.
‘Jessica, we have some news that may be quite hard for you to take, but you have to understand that when we’ve told you, you cannot, at all costs follow your instincts and leave this house without us. We will stop you straight away,’ Daniel said gently, yet firmly.
Oh dear! This was not sounding good; in fact it was starting to sound very, very bad! Eva pushed the daily newspaper across the table to me. I looked down confused, and then my eyes zoomed in and saw my dad’s face staring up at me from the middle of the page. I grabbed the paper, and frowning, sat down to read as Eva pushed a freshly filled mug across to me.
Even though I didn’t exactly need the intake of air, I still gasped as I read the headline, ‘Father of murdered girl attempts to take his own life.’ I read the story, and a feeling of desperation grew within. I read of how he’d tried to kill himself the previous night by taking a packet of paracetamol on his usual stomach full of whisky. Luckily for him, an unknown person had found him and called the ambulance; strangely they hadn’t stayed around to wait for the paramedics to arrive. The police had launched an inquiry and were asking for the person to come forward. According to the paper my father was alive but unconscious.
I looked up and realised both of them were watching me intently, maybe expecting me to bolt, or maybe they knew something more. ‘You know more than this. Eva, tell me, who found him, what’s going on?’ I asked.
‘Nothing, this is all we know. Why should we know more?’
‘Daniel, I can tell you know something. I can feel it. Tell me the truth,’ I said, turning on Daniel, knowing I was right.
‘Eva, we have to tell her something. Sebastian will only tell her tonight anyway,’ Daniel said, as Eva merely shrugged.
‘OK Jessica, the newspaper is right, he did try to kill himself. However, it was one of us that found him.’
‘You?’ I interrupted.
‘Not me, it was one of Sebastian’s staff. Sebastian has his people watching all of your close family and friends to make sure they don’t figure out what really happened to you. It’s just a precautionary thing,’ Daniel finished.
‘But I don’t get it. Why would Sebastian go out of his way to order one of his flunkies to actually go in and save my dad? As I understand it, he’s just protecting our secrecy? He wouldn’t care if my father lived or died.’ I’d hit a nerve, and caught them both glancing furtively at each other before Daniel took a deep breath and carried on.
‘You are right of course, Jessica. There is more to it. You remember last week Sebastian said he was going to send a guy in to recover your childhood photo albums?’ I nodded.
‘Well he’s seen the albums, and they don’t really clear up the question of your maternal bloodline. Unless there’s another album?’ he added.
‘What do you mean? They go all the way back through my childhood and my mother is the same woman in all of them,’ I argued exasperated.
‘Not all the way, Jessica. They only go back to age two. There are no baby photos. Have we missed an album somewhere?’ he asked.
‘Oh that, no. There are no baby photos. I remember asking about them when I was about ten, and they told me they’d lost that first baby album during a house move.’
‘Hmm, don’t you think that’s a little strange when they have all the other albums, Jessica? Also, as Sebastian noted, you obviously had your father’s blue eyes and blonde hair, but other than that there are no similarities, and yet there seems to be no likeness to your mother either,’ he said.
‘Well no, but not all children look like their parents, and as you said I do have some similarities with my dad… well I did have!’ I said. ‘But what has this got to do with Sebastian saving my dad?’ I asked.
‘Sebastian will tell you himself this evening, but think about it,  because with your mother dead, your dad is the only one who can clear all this up. He has the information we need, and Sebastian has come to a dead end with your family history. We need more answers before you can be free,’ he answered.
I sighed and looked back at the photo of my dad. The sadness was ingrained in the lines of his face. All the women in his family had died on him; his mother before I was born, his wife two years ago and now his only child. I guess the hole in his heart had become so large it could no longer be filled with neat whisky, and he decided that as the only member left of our little family unit, he may as well give up and stop the pain.  
I couldn’t believe he was hiding something this momentous. Could it be that the mother I’d loved was not my real mother? No, no, it couldn’t be possible.
‘Am I going to get to see him, to talk to him? He needs to know I’m OK,’ I asked, relieved he was safe in a hospital bed, where he at least couldn’t get his hands on more alcohol, but there was a tightness in my chest. I squeezed my eyes shut to stop the tears and rubbed my temples.
‘I’m not sure, it’s up to Sebastian. Very few humans can be allowed to live knowing of our existence for obvious reasons; however there are exceptions to the rule. You’ll have to see what Sebastian says, and I’ll warn you now, don’t try arguing with him if you want to stay alive,’ Daniel said.
‘Fine, I’ll behave. When are we going?’ I asked.
‘As it’s Friday he’ll be at Exodus this evening, so we’ll leave here about eight,’ he answered.
Thinking I’d see my dad sooner rather than later, I decided it was time to put my plan into action regardless of what was going on with my father. I smiled up at Eva. ‘Eva have you noticed how much I’ve changed this week?’ 
Eva looked up, startled at the quick subject change, and then frowned suspiciously at me, looking me up and down.
‘Hmm, I see your eyes have turned now and your hair is paler I suppose,’ she added reluctantly.
‘Yes, but look how much thinner I am. These clothes just don’t fit. I can’t go to Exodus tonight looking like a tramp, can I? I mean, what will the others think of you, if I turn up looking like this?’ I grinned wickedly as I watched my words dawn on her features, and a smile threatened the corner of her mouth.
‘Well Jessica, that’s easily solved. As you know, shopping is my one true love. I will happily pop into town and get you some smaller clothes. Don’t you worry about it,’ she added with a wicked smirk.
The smile disappeared from my face.
‘Please Eva, let me come with you. I have to get out of this house, and I really want to choose some clothes for myself. Come on, Daniel, please,’ I begged.
I watched as they communicated, swapping silent words, and finally to my great relief they smiled at each other, then me.
‘I think it’s time,’ Daniel said. It was a short sentence but very, very sweet. I yelled in triumph as they both watched, quietly amused until I stopped jumping round the table.
‘You’ve changed considerably, but I think we both know that you would still be recognisable to anyone close to you, and because of that I suggest one precautionary measure,’ Eva said digging her hand into her bag and drawing out a box of chestnut brown hair dye.
‘You were planning it already!’ I said.
‘Of course! You were starting to act like a caged lion and I quite fancied a girlie shopping trip,’ she answered, her eyes twinkling.
‘Yey!’ I exclaimed happy again, momentarily forgetting my poor dad, but sure in the knowledge that I’d get to see him soon and that he was safe in hospital.

An hour and a half later, I was sitting in front of my mirror once again, this time towel-drying my new, dark chestnut hair. I stared at the pale, luminous face in the mirror and wondered if my father would recognise me, when he awoke from his coma. After all he’d been in an alcohol-induced coma twice before and had been fine a couple of days later. I told myself this time would be the same, but it didn't quite work.
A surge of human emotion once again took over my body, and stumbling from my stool I fell onto my bed and curled into a ball, a single tear tracing a pattern down my cheek. If only I could feel Luke’s arms around me. I realised in that minute how much I missed him, and how much I’d lost. A ball of pure emotion was stuck in my throat and I choked it back as I controlled the urge to howl and scream. I knew Eva wouldn’t let me go out, if she thought I was out of control and wanting to see Luke.
Of course, Daniel knew I was in pain, whether I screamed internally or out loud, and I heard the pair of them suddenly flying up the stairs two at a time. I had seconds to pull myself together, so I grabbed a firm hold of the human grieving girl inside me, shoved her back into the dark cell in my head and pushed with all my might. Gone; locked away. I rubbed the tear from my cheek and sat up on the edge of the bed as they both exploded through the door.
‘Jessica what’s the matter?’ Daniel was at my side in an instant, his arms circling me protectively. I sank my head against his shoulder thankfully.
‘Is it your hair?’ Eva quipped, frowning at me, knowing it wasn’t the real answer.
I smiled weakly as Daniel glared at her, and explained as well as I could without giving away my true feelings.
‘No. I like my hair actually. I always wondered what it would be like to be a brunette, but I never had the courage to do it.’ I smiled again.
‘What then? I felt you, you were screaming inside, Jessica,’ Daniel said.
‘I’m sorry. I over-reacted. I guess I had a delayed reaction to the news of my dad. I didn’t take it all in before. It’s so strange being here in Manchester but living a totally different life, and not being able to see my family and friends. But I understand why, don’t worry,’ I added, when I saw Eva’s frown form again.
In the end it was Daniel, not Eva who questioned whether I should go out, but of course he knew that I’d felt more than I'd let on.
‘Jessica, are you sure you can handle this today? You can always send Eva to get you something to wear for tonight, and then go out shopping tomorrow,’ he suggested, but Eva jumped to my rescue.
‘Daniel, she’ll be fine. A shopping trip is just what she needs to feel normal again. I bet she’ll come back renewed and revitalised. She’s been stuck inside for nearly three weeks. That’s longer than most, and anyone would get upset, stuck inside for weeks on end. Jessica, go and get your sunglasses. It’s a perfect wintry day and you don’t want to get a headache. We’re hitting the shops!’ she added, turning back to me grinning.
Surprisingly, it went without a hitch. Well, almost without a hitch. I was so thankful to be getting out of the house, I couldn’t help but smile as we hopped into her super-cute, shiny red convertible parked in the driveway. They’d taken the extra precaution of getting me to have some breakfast before we left, a good job really, as it turned out that the hundreds of people swarming round the city centre was rather overwhelming, but after the first five minutes, my fangs slowly receded and I was able to ignore the scent and concentrate on shopping.
After a mammoth trying on session in the cubicles of Selfridges, we headed over to the till, arms laden with skinny jeans and tees that flattered my now skinny, toned tummy, a couple of smarter wool tunic dresses which I would probably still wear over jeans and a really sexy pair of black skinny leather trousers and jacket. It was only then, when Eva flashed her card that I wondered about the money. How was I going to get money? I obviously couldn’t withdraw anything from my old bank account, not that there was much in it, because I was supposedly dead, and how could I possibly get a job – all my official details would be redundant. 
I’d officially ceased to exist. Once again, I felt shock prickle all over and I wondered if it was a good idea coming out after all. Tension started to crawl up my spine and prickle the nape of my neck. The muscles in my body tensed as if ready for a fight, and the scariest of all - I felt my fangs start to push through my gums, as I suddenly caught the strangely intoxicating whiff of the girl behind the till. I clamped my lips together to hide the fangs, and thankfully Eva immediately cottoned onto the change in atmosphere and hurried the girl at the desk, pushing her pin code into the card machine so fast it was a blur. She beamed a wide smile at the girl, picked up the bags and twirling round on her heels, marched me out of the shop into the icy winter air, where she carried on walking until we were well away from the mêlée of people and outside a gloomy backstreet pub. 
To any passing glance the pub looked closed, its windows were boarded up and it looked positively unwelcoming. My surprise grew as she walked right up to the door and pushed it open, striding in and pulling me after her.
Once inside the pub, I glanced around and felt my fangs recede again and my body start to relax. The pub was nearly empty, dark and unwelcoming and I could just make out a small group of people in the furthest corner, but I was not distracted by their scent. They were vampires; in fact there was no human scent in any corner of the pub. 
I followed Eva over to a table in the opposite corner of the pub and watched bemused as a barman appeared from nowhere and briskly handed us two glasses filled with dark red, silky liquid in return for a ten pound note.
‘Eva, what is this place? How on earth does it stay undetected?’ I asked.
‘It’s called The Blackout. It’s a sanctuary for us. No human would come here, as it has magical wards surrounding it. It’s totally safe, a bolt hole if you like.’ She smiled at me before carrying on. ‘What happened in the shop, Jessica?’
‘I don’t know. I’m sorry. I was just thinking about money. How I have nothing, not even an identity and I err, just freaked out a little…’ I faltered.
‘Money? Right! Jessica you don’t need to worry about money, or an identity. All that will be sorted out for you. Sebastian will explain it to you later if you’re nice to him. Although not as nice as last time, hey?’ she said grinning.
‘Oh God! How embarrassing. I just want to forget that. Daniel was so mad, but you both made it clear that if I didn’t do it he’d kill me. Literally.’ I responded.
‘Of course, but Daniel didn’t expect you to - enjoy it quite so much I think,’ she said laughing again. ‘But Sebastian is very enjoyable. I can only agree with you there.’
‘Stop it Eva. Yuk! He’s never going to do that again, I can promise you,’ I said cringing at the memory of the heat Sebastian’s bite triggered.
‘We’ll see, but now for more important matters. Do you think you have enough clothes? Daniel will be getting antsy the longer I stay out with you, and I thought we could stop by the department store on the way back to the car, to get you some underwear essentials, if you think you can handle more?’ she probed.
‘Sure. I feel fine now, but let’s get back.’
You don’t like being away from him either, do you? You’re so tense the nights he goes out.’ I started to protest, feeling my loyalty to Luke stretched and distorted, but she carried on unaware, ‘You know, I remember feeling like that towards Sebastian. It’s normal that you’ve a strong bond with the one who makes you.  Don’t try to resist it Jessica, you need to forget Luke. You can’t be with him any longer and you shouldn’t deny your feelings for Daniel,’ she added.
‘It’s not that simple Eva,’ I said, feeling the tension rise in my body once again and trying my best to quell it. 
I stormed out of the pub and through the doors into the dank back street. I stood and took a deep breath of icy air and blew it out, dispelling the tension and trying my best to smile and not grimace. I followed Eva back to the car, the department store forgotten in my haste to return to the house.
Chapter Six

By the time we arrived back at the house, I’d forgiven Eva for her lecture. After all, she’d been very generous and had bought me a pile of gorgeous designer clothes, besides being equally generous with her friendship, which I badly needed. So we both sailed into the house with smiles and a bounce in our step. 
I knew Daniel had been nervously waiting for us as soon as I walked into the lounge, because he looked far too relaxed. The giveaway was that his sports channel had switched to a golf tournament, and Daniel hated golf. 
‘Had a good time then?’ he asked, his eyes flicking over the pair of us, searching for any problem, his brain waves flicking out, searching my emotions.
‘Yes, great. She was fine Daniel; really pretty impressive for a first trip out. We only needed one small trip to The Blackout and that was right at the end,’ Eva answered, smiling as usual.
‘One trip? Why, what happened? I knew I should have come.’ He shot worried glances at me, then back to Eva.
‘Daniel, its fine, I’m fine. I just got a bit stressed over money, that’s all,’ I answered grinning at Eva.
‘Money? You mean to say it wasn’t the blood that tempted you, you were just worried about the money?’ he asked, raising one eyebrow.
‘Well, actually the blood was quite tempting at points, but I find I’m able to ignore it until I get stressed. Then it gets harder,’ I tried to explain, but Eva cut in.
‘Yes, you picked a strange one here, Daniel. I told her Seb would explain about the money tonight. Talking of which Jessica, let’s get you upstairs and changed for the ball. Daniel can get back to watching his golf,’ she said, as she hauled me out of the room and shot a wicked glance at Daniel.
‘Oh very funny, I wasn’t watching it. A football game has only just finished actually,’ he responded, a little too quickly.
‘Whatever you say Daniel. Come on Jessica,’ Eva said, as she led me out of the room and upstairs.
We scanned the purchases we’d laid out ceremoniously on the bed, before Eva put a stop to my dithering and decided for me.
‘It has to be the leather jeans tonight, Jessie. Can I call you Jessie? She asked. ‘It suits you better.’ Then she paused, as she saw the mixture of feelings cloud my features.
‘Actually, only my dad ever called me Jessie. It was his pet name for me. He was obsessed with Westerns and Jesse James, and as my surname is James I guess that’s why they called me Jessica. My friends all called me Jess,’ I answered, trying not to let the memories of my dad bring tears to my eyes.
 ‘OK, Jess it is then. I shorten everybody’s names, I can’t help it. I even shortened my own. Who’d want to be called Genevieve in the twenty-first century?’ she added.
‘I think it’s lovely, really pretty. Are you French then?’ I asked.
‘Yes, I had a charmed childhood growing up in Paris. That is until everything went wrong, when I was expected to suddenly become a woman and get engaged on my fourteenth birthday.’
‘No way! You’re kidding? Fourteen?’ I exclaimed.
‘Unfortunately for me, yes, fourteen. I was expected to marry one of various suitors, who were all at least twenty years older than me.’ She stopped for breath and then went on. ‘Luckily for me, the French Revolution disposed of the need to marry well, and my family made a run for it. Anyway, it’s a long story and we haven’t the time now.’ 
‘Wow! That sounds so romantic and exciting, I…’ I trailed off, seeing her eyes darken.
‘It wasn’t. It was hell. People were murdered in the streets. My grandfather was killed at the guillotine, where it took three attempts before he died, to the heckles of the mindless crowd. Our house was burned to the ground and we ran for our lives, leaving most of our possessions behind. None of us survived…  ’
‘I’m sorry Eva. I didn’t think,’ I answered quietly.
‘It’s fine. Now, for tonight, as long as you behave and there are no police about, Sebastian may let you into the club, probably hoping to get you to feed, but no pressure this time, don’t worry,’ she added quickly,  noticing my smile fade.
‘So you think the leather? Are you sure? I’ve never worn leather trousers before. I don’t want to look tacky or…’ I trailed off, not wanting to offend her since the purchase had mainly been her decision.
‘Jess, you’ll look great, believe me. It would only look cheap if we put you in stilettos, but you can wear these great ankle boots, very now... and this top,’ she said, throwing a dark punk-style top at me with bright pink slashes of colour.
‘OK. I’m just going to have a soak in the bath first and wash my hair,’ I said as she raised her eyes.
‘You don’t need a bath. You have no body odour and your scalp gives off none of the smelly oils it did when you were human. Look, it’s still beautifully shiny,’ she said.
‘I know, but my evening bath was always one of my favourite rituals, and I don’t see why I should have to give it up, just because I don’t actually need to clean myself.’ I pouted before adding, ‘Anyway, I can smell the city fumes in my hair and on my skin, and I’d prefer to smell of your Jo Malone shower gel.’ 
‘Fine, at least it’s getting used. I’ve had that bottle for six months. Give me a shout when you’re done. We’re leaving at eight as usual,’ she added, before leaving me in peace to undress and run a lovely deep bath.

At ten to eight I glided down the stairs, my grace disguising the butterflies in my stomach. I hardly recognised myself, and realised with a pang that if Alex and Luke were in the club, which I doubted, they wouldn’t recognise me either. My new svelte body was clad in designer leather, which as Eva said looked nothing but fantastic; my new dark hair swung down past my shoulders in glossy sheets. My pale face shone out, and my lips were so dark anyway they needed no lipstick, just a little shine. I entered the living room and waited for their appraisal.
Daniel said nothing, but his eyes roamed up and down my body, and he let out a low sigh.
‘Here comes the vamp! You look great Jess. Didn’t I choose well, admit it, you love it?’ Eva exclaimed.
I smiled back. ‘Yeah, it’s great, thanks Eva,’ I admitted with a small smile. I still didn’t feel like me, but maybe this could be the new me. I held my head up confidently and followed Eva down into the cellar and into Daniel’s car.
An hour later, thanks to the traffic trying to get into town, we were all standing in Sebastian’s office once again.
‘Well well, Jessica, look how you shape up. I think I should have waited a week to taste your blood. This week I could have enjoyed myself so much more.’ His eyes glinted shamelessly as they wandered up and down my long, leather-clad legs, before finally stopping at my eyes, where he grinned a lazy smile, showing a little fang in the process.
He made me shiver. He was like the big bad wolf, and I knew he would without any doubt, eat me all up if he could get the chance. But before I could say anything in return, Daniel jumped to my rescue.
‘Yes, I’m sure Sebastian, but I doubt she would taste as good today. She’s been feeding well all week, and as you can see from her eyes, she’s made the final changes now.’ He spoke politely, but so cool it made me shiver, and I wondered if Sebastian noted the hint of challenge in his voice.
‘Yes, yes,’ Sebastian said. ‘Your new clothes suit you Jessica, as does the hair. Daniel, you have to stop with the dark brooding hero act. I was only teasing Jessica, and I have no intention of getting any closer than this. We have business to discuss. After Jessica’s murder, business has been a little slow. In fact Eva, you and Daniel can go and do some promo in the bars now, whilst I talk to Jessica.’
Daniel smiled at me sympathetically, before he and Eva obeyed and left the room. I glanced around to see if there were any other vamps around, but we were alone. 
 ‘It’s fine, Jessica. Honestly, I won’t bite!’ He grinned at me as I involuntarily smiled at his choice of phrase. 
‘Come, sit down. I have much to explain to you,’ he said, as he walked over to the comfy armchairs, and motioned me to sit opposite. ‘Have you fed tonight, Jessica? Would you like a drink?’ he asked charmingly.
‘Umm, no. I mean yes, I would like a drink, thank you,’ I stuttered, suddenly feeling shy again.
He pulled out his mobile from his pocket, pressed a single button and curtly ordered a couple of drinks. It sounded so normal, and it continued that way as he asked mundane questions about how I was settling in at Daniel’s house, and whether I’d been out yet. I was just telling him about the shopping trip, excluding the detour to the pub, when the same bartender from the previous week knocked on the door and entered with our drinks. Once the bartender had left the room again, conversation became more business-like.
‘Jessica, I know Eva has told you about your father, and without further digression I have decided to allow you to visit him.’ 
I was just about to smile like a lunatic when he added, ‘but I don’t want you to think it’s a family reunion. It’s business. He holds the key to your past and we need information,’ he added, without a smile this time.
I nodded solemnly, trying my best to hold back the glee, which was waiting to burst out. No matter what the reason was, I was going to see my father. I hadn’t quite realised how deep the pain at being severed from my family and friends had been, until I was told I could see one of them again.
 ‘When should I go? Has he woken yet? How will I get there? Will Daniel come with me?’ A multitude of questions burst from me, and he waited until I’d calmed down before answering.
 ‘My sources say he is starting to show positive signs of recovery, so we expect to be able to visit in a couple of days. We have a night porter who’ll let you into the hospital out of visiting hours. Eva and Daniel will accompany you to take care of the ward staff, whilst you see your father.’ 
‘What do you mean, ‘take care’ of the ward staff?’ I shuddered at the connotations, but couldn’t believe that Eva or Daniel would harm anyone without reason.
‘Ahh, I see you still have that human soul, Jessica. You care far too much for your human past. But to put that little soul at rest, Eva and Daniel will merely be putting any human hospital staff in your path into a kind of hypnotic trance, which will allow them to carry on with their work without noticing you and your companions. When you’ve finished, they will carry on, like busy little bees not knowing any different.’ 
I should have known better than to ask the questions. I was beginning to realise that I got treated less like a freak if I kept my morality issues to myself, and from what I’d seen so far, the vamps were far less of a threat to humans than the humans were to each other.
‘Now Jessica, Eva tells me you have another question for me, regarding your finances?’ he asked me, the edges of his lips twitching and curling up slightly.
‘Um yes, I suppose I was just wondering how I get money. I mean, Eva has bought me all these clothes,’ I said gesturing up and down my body, ‘and both she and Daniel have expensive cars. I obviously can’t access my bank account, so how do I get money of my own?’ I asked.
‘It’s simple, and our money is quite legal. When you live for several hundred years, you tend to acquire property and businesses and money just builds up. For example I’ve been trading on the stock markets since their conception. I’m quite a pro.’ He stopped to smile at me.
‘But that is over hundreds of years. What can I do? I obviously can’t buy or sell anything as I have no identity, and I can’t get a job. I’m officially dead!’ I exclaimed as Sebastian laughed to himself.
‘Yes my little undead witch. However, there are other ways. You will be given a loan like every other newborn; you will join my clan and work for me to pay it off. Which is why I’m very interested in your new-found abilities. If you can develop those into something useful, you might find yourself paying off your debt much quicker than the average hundred years.’
‘A hundred years?’ I exclaimed, ‘and I thought mortgages were a big commitment!’ I stopped, shocked into silence and sat brooding in my chair.
‘It’s really not as bad as that, Jessica. A hundred years is a childhood to a vampire. Just think of it like any other job, except in this one you get paid in advance. It’s just a different way of working. You’ll feel too attached to Daniel for the first fifty years or so anyway, to want to move away from the clan,’ he added.
‘So when will I get this hundred year debt then, and will I get a new identity, name and passport too?’ I asked, relaxing a little. 
Yes, you’ll be given a new identity and bank account once I have your full background.’ He smiled, and then became serious. ‘Until I get your full family history and we work out where your witch blood has come from, and the full potential of your powers, I’m afraid you’ll have no freedom. You’ll answer to Daniel, Eva or myself and be monitored at all times. You’re a loose cannon. I’m sorry Jessica,’ he said, with such an air of finality that I knew there was no point in arguing or protesting. I also knew I’d earn his trust and respect much quicker if I kept him happy, acting as Daniel and Eva suggested, with respect, so I nodded and kept quiet.
‘Now, I’ll let Eva know when I have more details regarding your father’s health, and in the meantime I think you may as well put those spectacular new clothes to work and get out into my club. I will ring for Daniel to come and show you the way,’ he said, smiling once again.
After one short phone call and a mere matter of minutes, Daniel quietly rapped on the door and entered. He looked at both Sebastian and me, and I immediately felt him accessing my mind, checking if all was well. I did my best to push away niggles over having no freedom, and tried to communicate that all was fine, but he bombarded me with questions as soon as we were out of the door.
‘Did he touch you Jessica? He knows you’re mine. What did he do?’ he barked at me.
‘No, he was fine. Honestly Daniel, he was a perfect gentleman; well as much as is possible for him I think, and I’m not yours!’ I said managing to smile at him.
‘Well, why are you blocking me then? What are you hiding, Jessica?’ he asked. There was no hiding anything from Daniel, so I explained.
‘Nothing really, I was just doing as you’d told me and being a good, obedient little girl,’ I said, before explaining further.
‘Sebastian was just telling me how I can’t have any freedom, and the independent girl in me wanted to punch him, but I took your advice and said nothing. I was controlling myself Daniel; nothing worse.’
‘Hmm, I didn’t think you’d be capable of that yet, at least not until Sebastian had doled out a little cell time.’ He chuckled before carrying on. ‘Eva and I had bets on how soon you’d end up in the cell, and how many times in the first year. Eva thought tonight might be the night.’
‘Thanks, it’s great to see you have so little confidence in me.’ I sulked and stormed ahead down the corridor, even though I’d no idea where I was going.
‘Jessica, it isn’t like that. Don’t get huffy. We haven’t had a new vampire for a long time, and you girls are now so fiercely independent it was bound to create a stir, especially taking into account your bloodline and independence from me.’
Minutes later the adrenaline rushed through my body as Daniel held open a heavy door that led straight into the club. I had to steady myself as the deep blast of music washed over me and pounded in my head. 
‘Daniel, why are they playing the music so loud? It’s giving me an instant headache,’ I yelled at him, frowning.
‘They’re playing it at the same level as usual, Jessica. You’re hearing is more sensitive now you’re one of us, that’s all. You’ll get used to it. Just tune it out. By the way, you don’t need to shout. Here come Eva and Brad,’ he said, nodding towards Eva, who was walking across with a stereotypical American guy, all square-jawed with floppy blonde hair.
‘Hey, Jess! Meet my companion, Bradley Sterling Franklin. He was the youngest vampire in the clan until you came along. I only brought him here forty three years ago, and now I’ve got a new protégé, he tells me he’s back off to Texas, but I’m betting he won’t stay away from me for long,’ she added, with a wink aimed at the rather yummy Bradley.
‘Hullo Jessica. Nice to meet you.’ He smiled at me and extended his hand to shake.
‘Hi,’ I replied nervously, taking his hand. It was cool, but felt strong and manly as he towered above me, at least six feet in height, with scrummy broad shoulders. He blinded me with a dazzling all-American smile and I could certainly see what Eva saw in him. I reckoned he wasn’t much older than me, minus the vampire years of course.
‘Jessica, let’s go and sit down before the hoards descend,’ Daniel said, frowning at me and moodily stomping ahead.
Ooops! I thought as Eva raised her eyes to the heavens, smiling at me. It was a damned inconvenience, having Daniel able to read my thoughts. He was so possessive. Not attractive at all. I bet Bradley wasn’t so possessive, what with him being from the same century as me. I reckoned that if Eva had brought him over fifty years ago, and he looked under twenty like me, he must have been born in the mid-twentieth century at least; he looked very up to date.
A low, grumbling growl interrupted my ruminations and I looked up, startled to see Daniel had stopped a few steps ahead of me and was staring at me darkly. Eva grinned at me and quickly sidestepping Daniel, pulled Bradley past, leaving me to deal with Mr Possessive on my own.
‘I’m not possessive, and as for keeping your thoughts to yourself, you could if you bothered putting up your defences in the first place,’ he shot at me darkly, then continued before I could get a word in. ‘I’m hardly possessive of you when you’re moping and mooning over your blessed memories of your boyfriend, am I? I was just a little put out, that after acting so carefully and respectfully towards you and giving you more space than normal for a newborn, you go and act like a bitch in heat over the first handsome vampire you meet.’
His words hit me like a blast of icy water. I wanted to think of a retort, but nothing came to mind. He was right, and I was not only disrespecting him, but disrespecting Luke, and I would bet that Luke would not be out at a club eyeing up girls a month after my death. 
My inner balloon popped. I felt my heart beat speed up slightly and my cheeks flush as Daniel came close, his arms enveloping me in a bear hug. His protection and warmth began instantly infusing my body and warming my soul. My face was crushed into his chest and his scent soothed me.
‘Jessica, I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t have said that. I have strong feelings for you, and it’s hard being rejected for a boyfriend that can’t exist, day after day. So I did not like you appraising Bradley, but I should have controlled myself better,’ he said.
‘No, I was wrong. I..’ I started to say, but he interrupted.
‘It is not your fault Jessica. You were not being disrespectful. I was wrong. A new vampire has many strong urges and emotions and generally they revolve around feeding. The others are usually satisfied in the bedroom. Also vampires, as you know are all very attractive, so it’s natural for you to have sudden lustful feelings, especially as you’re not fulfilling any of the natural urges you have, because of Luke.’
‘I wasn’t having lustful feelings, Daniel. I was just thinking Bradley was cute and he might not be so possessive. It wasn’t anything serious.’
‘I know that Jessica. I’m just not used to the way you modern girls think. Now, let’s get over there and get you a drink.’ 
Feeling strangely comforted and boosted by my Daniel fix, I felt calmer as I followed him across the club to an eerily familiar, dark corner of the club. It only took a split second before the flashback hit me, and I was suddenly transported back to my girls’ night out, when I stood gazing at Daniel across the club, unusually transfixed, with Alex’s giddy words ringing in my ears. I started to look around wildly, wondering if she’d be here and whether she’d recognise me. No, of course she wouldn’t be here. Like Luke, she wouldn’t be out partying in the very club I died outside a month earlier.
‘Jess! Sit down girl. Have a drink on me.’ Eva pulled me down into the chair next to hers and pushed a bottle of lager into my hands. I looked down at it, confused and my eyebrows must have dipped even further when I clocked that it felt slightly warm instead of chilled.
‘Taste it. Go on, I bet you’ll approve,’ she said laughing.
I raised the bottle to my lips and felt the thick blood caress my tongue as I tipped it up. I looked at the bottle label again and raised my eyebrow in question.
‘Well, we could hardly walk around with glasses of blood could we, and what better disguise than the dark brown lager bottles? Talking of which, here’s the first rule of the club for you. Make sure you never leave your bottle lying around, as the majority of the staff here are human, and whilst occasionally it becomes necessary to correct someone’s memory, it’s not something Sebastian likes to make a habit of. When you’re leaving the table, always take any old bottles over to Johnny, there at the corner bar. He’s our regular vamp bartender and he’ll dispose of them. The other bar staff here are human and know nothing about us,’ Eva explained to me.
I looked over to where she gestured, and recognised the guy to be the vampire that had opened the door to us, on my first visit to the club. As if feeling our gaze, Johnny looked up and smiled in our direction, a very sexy smile. Alex would be in heaven if she were with me now, as she’d fallen particularly hard for him.
‘Another sexy male vampire for you Jessica, how are you going to manage?’ Daniel gave me a nudge and winked as he grinned at me. ‘At least if you let me into that head of yours, I could silence this confusion and direct it all to one place,’ he added smiling.
‘Yeah, I bet you’d love that!’ I answered smiling back. I was glad we’d got over the previous awkwardness and were back to our usual comfortable banter.
Sometime later, the club started to fill up and I had to admit to enjoying my newfound confidence and good looks. Our table certainly attracted a lot of attention from both sexes, as they walked past us on their way to the bar. I decided it was a dead heat between Daniel and Bradley, as both seemed to attract the same amount of female attention, but the girls who giggled and stared never had the courage to come over, and neither of the men seemed interested in the attention they were getting.  
The human guys were much more subtle, but I was proud to say I had almost as many admiring glances as Eva. However, maybe I seemed more approachable, because a couple of times I noticed a guy start to come towards me, a cocky swagger in his step. The first time I froze, unsure what to do, and Daniel must have immediately cottoned on to my dilemma. He looked somewhat intensely into the eyes of the poor guy, before turning his head to me and pulling me close on the sofa, wrapping his arms around my waist. The guy looked a little disgruntled, but swivelled on his heels and walked away. Possessive was something Daniel did well!
 By midnight, the club was full and I was starting to get a little bored of Bradley and his all-American ego. He was good looking and he knew it. He reminded me of a paler version, and I mean a much paler version, of Matthew McConaughey, with his carefully tousled chin-length blonde hair, square jaw and southern accent. Only his eyes weren’t the blue I imagined they would be; they were of course the same burnt brown as mine, and I could see the red flecks glittering in the dim lighting. But as gorgeous as he was, his conversation was not exactly riveting. 
For the first half of the evening, he seemed buoyed by the attraction I’d had for him, so ignoring Daniel’s grim smile and Eva’s raised eyebrows, he set about regaling me with his life story. He talked endlessly about how much he missed Texas, from the beautiful mountains of the west to the central hill country and rolling cattle ranches. It did sound beautiful, but after a while, his conversation, along with the husky southern drawl began to lull me into a fit of barely concealed yawns. 
Eva butted in and announced to my happy surprise that she was taking me for a walk around the club. As we left the table, Bradley who had seamlessly changed the subject, was telling an already bored Daniel about a vampire girl he’d been seeing in Leeds.
‘Right, come on. Sebastian likes us to do a couple of rounds of the club. Smile at the human guys and make them want to come back for more,’ Eva said as we started walking towards the central staircase, which led to the first floor bar and dance floor. The DJ was playing slower, more sensual tracks with an indie edge. It was a welcome change from the pounding dance music I could still make out, coming from the ground floor.
‘Right, your first task is to get us a couple of drinks from the bar; otherwise we’ll have every man in here asking us if they can buy us one. Plus it’ll be good practise for you to talk to humans again,’ Eva said, smiling and leading the way to the nearest bar.
‘But I thought that we could only go to Johnny downstairs?’ I stammered, suddenly confused.
‘Yes, to get a real drink, but we’ll just get a couple of cokes here, to carry round and blend in. Like I said, its good practice for you to pretend to be human again,’ she whispered, as we neared the bar. Eva shoved a five pound note in my hand, before propelling me in front of her to the bar.
I was suddenly wedged in a mass of sweaty humans and the smell overpowered me. I felt my fangs run out and my slow pulse drummed in my ears. I quickly turned round into Eva’s embrace.
‘I can’t do it Eva, I can’t. The smell!’ I mumbled, trying to calm myself, my mouth saturated with saliva and my eyes burning.
‘Shhh, you’re fine. Remember, you don’t need to breathe. You’re a vampire, the blood keeps you alive, not the oxygen. Close your eyes for a second and stop breathing. The scent will go away,’ she whispered, placing her cool hands on my temples.
We must have looked a little odd, as a small space opened up around us. I heard some typical jeers from the guys around us about the hot chicks being lesbians. I sighed. Some things never change, I guess. If only they knew what was really going on, and how I was actually imagining, rather too vividly, biting my fangs down deep into their throats and sucking hard until my thirst was quenched. 
Oh yuck! That did it! Strangely, acting that little fantasy out in my head allowed the human, or witch or whatever, to take charge and I felt my fangs recede and my head clear. I nodded briefly to Eva and turned back to the bar. I found I was able to use my mental wall to push away those vampiric urges and ignore the sweet smell of dinner wafting around my senses. Instead, I flicked my hair and after checking my fangs had disappeared, smiled a wide smile at the barman, who’d been watching us out of the corner of his eye as he served some other girls. He was opposite me in a moment, drooling like a puppy.
‘Hi Eva,’ he nodded at Eva behind my back. ‘Are you going to introduce me?’ he asked.
‘No Ben, not right now. You’ve a full bar to attend to,’ she replied curtly.
I didn’t understand her rudeness, but then I didn’t always understand Eva, so I shrugged and returned his gaze.
‘Hey Ben, can we have two cokes please?’ I asked, amazed at my calm confidence. Where had that come from, all of a sudden?
‘Sure.’ He bent down to get the cokes from a fridge and poured them into two glasses. I handed over the money and smiled at him, as Eva pulled me back through the throng of clubbers waiting to be served.
‘There! See, you were fine. How did you get rid of your fangs? Did holding your breath work?’ she asked.
I thought about lying and going with the flow, but in the end I knew I could trust Eva now and so I told the truth.
‘Um, not quite. I actually visualised biting one of them and drinking their blood, and after a moment the urge passed,’ I explained, choosing not to elaborate upon the grossed out feelings I had.
‘You are one strange girl! Come on. Do you at least like dancing?’
Now this was one thing I could confidently join in with. I loved dancing and nodded vigorously.
‘Great,’ and with that she popped our glasses down on a nearby table and pulled me onto the dance floor.
  The music wasn’t the sort I’d normally dance to, but it had a slow, sexy rhythm, and soon I found myself moving easily in time to the beat. With my arms raised above my head and my hips swaying, I closed my eyes in bliss and felt almost human again. 
After ten minutes and several tunes later, Eva grabbed my hand again and I came back to earth. I realised we’d ended up in the middle of the dance floor, and people had moved away a little to give us space. There were plenty of eyes upon us and Eva obviously thought it was time to go.
‘Come on, you don’t want to attract too much attention,’ Eva said, and I wondered if I could detect a sight note of sulkiness before she smiled. 
‘You were really good there, Jess. Have you always loved dancing?’ she asked in a kinder note.
‘Yes, I did ballet as a child, and ever since I was old enough to get into night clubs, I’ve spent my Saturdays dancing the night away with Alex. We could never be bothered pulling guys, we just liked dancing.’ I smiled at the memory and wished she could be here with us now.
As I finished speaking, we arrived at the table we’d put our drinks down at, to find two guys there waiting for us.
‘Hi girls, loved the dancing. We’ve been looking after your drinks for you. You shouldn’t leave them unattended. I’m Nick and this is Darren,’ said a fairly short, brown-haired guy, smiling at us and nodding towards his taller friend, who didn’t seem as enthusiastic. There was something creepy about Nick, and I noticed he had slightly pudgy hands and short fingers with freckles on them, which was an instant no-no for me. Still, I smiled back politely and reached for my drink.
‘I bet you have,’ Eva said, and then, before I could say anything she took the drink from my hand and holding it under her nose inhaled quickly. Her eyes darkened and in a split second, before either of the guys could react, she’d put the glass down, grabbed both of them by their collars and pulled them close. The short guy was flailing, as she held him easily with his toes skimming the floor.
‘My friend owns this club and half of Manchester, so if I ever hear of you drugging girls’ drinks again, I will personally make your lives very uncomfortable, understand? Now I’ve seen you, you’ll be watched in every club in town.’ Eva pulled them closer to her face and with a smile gave them a quick flash of her fangs, fully extended. Their faces went white and the taller one stumbled backwards as Eva released them and took a step back, her fangs hidden once more.
‘By the way Nick, you might want to go and change those pants,’ she shot at them cruelly as they stumbled away, Nick trying to hide the dark wet patch growing down his trouser leg.
‘Eva, you showed them your fangs, you lifted him off the ground; what the hell?’ I panicked, shocked at how fast it had all happened, and wondering what the repercussions might be.
‘Relax, boogie babe. No one saw anything, and those idiots will never tell anybody, because who would believe them? I don’t think they’re the kind of people who have any credibility anyway. Now here, take this drink and smell it,’ Eva said, as she handed me the coke again.
I took it from her and inhaled. Amazingly, I could instantly detect a different scent, half-hidden in the sugary sweetness of the cola.
‘Obviously as a human, you’d never be able to detect the difference, which is why as a human girl I bet you never left your drink unattended, right?’ I nodded. ‘But now your senses are so much more sensitive, you don’t have to worry about scum like that and we can have some fun teaching them a lesson. Just always remember to smell your drinks before you drink them,’ she added.
‘Would the drugs affect us then, if we did drink it?’ I asked.
‘No, probably not, but with you being so….um, different, shall we say, I wouldn’t like to take the risk. Besides, I like catching them so I can report them to Seb, who in turn will get his flunkies to keep an eye out for them. After all, it’s bad for his club to have bottom feeders like that around, and we get to kick some ass!’ She smiled before adding, ‘Let’s go back to the boys. Daniel will be bored out of his mind with my all-American boy!’
I followed Eva back down the stairs and suddenly she came to an abrupt stop.
‘Oh hell! That tall guy that was with Nick…Darren was it? He’s over there talking to that blonde girl. Jess, you go back to Daniel and Brad and tell them what’s up. I’m just going to remove tonight’s scum bag from the club,’ she said. I sure didn’t want to be in his shoes in ten seconds time. I grinned to myself and started walking over to our corner table, but I didn’t move more than a couple of feet. 
I stopped in shock and stood, transfixed at the two couples in front of me. Gemma and Lucy, friends from university, were sitting at a table just to the side of me with two guys, one who I immediately recognised as Luke’s best mate, Tom. I stood immobile. Was Luke here, was Alex here? No of course not. I knew in my heart I was right about that. They wouldn’t be able to come here yet, if ever, and there were no more spaces at the table, no drinks waiting to be reclaimed. The friends must be here as a foursome. I sighed a little and then froze once more as Gemma’s eyes slowly lifted to meet mine.
Her eyes opened wide in shock and confusion, but after that initial split second she shook her head slightly and looked away. I couldn’t move. I stared for what seemed ages, rooted to my past, and to my friends. Tears started to prick behind my eyes and my pulse started thumping furiously in my head. 
Just as Gemma’s head started to move upwards again and her eyes began to meet mine, I flung out my mental feelers. I needed Daniel and I needed him fast. At the same time my head started to spin, and all I thought about was how I needed an escape. I needed to run. Gemma was getting up from her chair and looking directly at me, but my feet wouldn’t move. 
Chapter Seven

I felt a now familiar energy build within me to uncontrollable levels, and a second later the lights of the entire lower floor had briefly flickered before making a popping noise, and gone out. We were flung into what I found a comforting darkness. The room was lit by the dull glow at the emergency exits, and light escaping from the upper level. Daniel appeared in front of me and a second later Eva was behind me. A chorus of screams and shouts went up in the darkness.
‘What the hell? Did you do this Jess?’ Eva exclaimed.
‘It’s her old friends, they’re here. Let’s get her out of here,’ Daniel explained swiftly to Eva. 
By the time we reached the door someone had flipped a fuse switch and the lights came back on, instilling peace and laughter once again. Wordlessly, I was steered back through the corridor, through the back door and into the car.
‘Daniel, you take her home, and I’ll go and explain what happened to Sebastian,’ Eva said quickly, as Daniel climbed into the driver’s seat with a nod. I slumped back in my seat and closed my eyes. Had Gemma recognised me? I told myself that no, of course she hadn’t, she was just freaked out, seeing someone who reminded her of a dead friend. As far as she was concerned I was gone and the person she’d just seen was physically completely different to the old me. I calmed my breathing and opened my eyes. Right now she’d probably be chatting and laughing, saying how something weird had happened, how she’d seen someone just like me, but with dark hair and eyes, slimmer and prettier! I guessed I should be far more concerned about Sebastian’s reaction to the events and wondered if I could deny the lighting episode and put it down to a faulty fuse.
‘Don’t even think about lying to Sebastian, Jessica that would irritate him far more. Eva will have told him by now anyway.’ Daniel’s voice interrupted my musings.
‘Daniel, will you please quit reading my mind and give me some privacy,’ I answered quietly.
‘I’m not reading your mind Jessica, but unless you put up your defensive wall, then you're actually projecting images without knowing you’re doing it. Our minds are linked, you know that,’ he said.
I turned away from him, swivelling in my seat so I faced the passenger window, and slammed all the defensive walls I could muster into place. I closed my eyes. It was too much, just too much. I was confused and tired and my emotions were swirling like a black thundercloud.
Presently, Daniel drove the car onto a familiar street and down the drive into the underground garage. As soon as the engine stopped I was out of the car, into the house and up the stairs, heading for my room. Seconds before I closed the bedroom door behind me, I heard Daniel enter the house and close the kitchen door quietly. 
I wondered if he'd follow me, and wasn’t sure whether I wanted him to or not. Yes I wanted privacy. Hadn’t I just demanded privacy in the car? A part of me didn’t want to look into the face of the one who’d taken everything I had and everyone I loved away from me - OK, I realised that if he hadn’t done that I’d now be dead and buried - but sometimes I wondered if that would have been better, at least then I wouldn’t be so confused and messed up. 
A different part of me remembered the quiet calm that filled my body when he took me in his arms. The peace that filled my head and pushed away my worries when he stroked my hair, and very occasionally, when I let my guard down, the wave of excitement and pleasure that broke over me and made me forget all about Luke and my past life.
Guiltily I closed my door and curled up in the middle of the bed, snuggling my cold body under the duvet. I closed my eyes and shut out the thoughts hammering in my head. Luke… Daniel… Luke…
I must have dozed off, as I suddenly realised I had heard someone move in my room. I uncurled myself slightly and focused my eyes in the darkness. Daniel appeared in front of me and sat on the edge of the bed.
‘Sorry, I didn’t mean to startle you. I thought you might feel better after a drink,’ he said smiling, and after I’d sat up, he handed me a warm mug which I took and huddled my still freezing body around.
‘I feel so cold,’ I said, and watched as a puzzled expression flitted across his face.
‘Our body temperatures do run lower than humans, but you shouldn’t feel cold. A vampire only starts to feel shivery or cold if his body starts to reject the change; or if he doesn’t manage to feed enough and his body starts to die. Jessica, it could be different with you because you’re much more human than normal vampires, but I’m worried it’s because you’ll not drink pure blood,’ he said quietly, his face failing to conceal the concern.
‘Daniel, what do you mean when you say about a body rejecting the change?’ I asked after a pause.
‘Nothing, I shouldn’t have mentioned it. It happens so very rarely. I know of only one case in my whole lifetime. It’s when a human body is unusually strong. After the change to vampire, the body begins to reject the changes and instead of blood being the life force, it begins to poison the body. But don’t worry Jessica, it won’t be happening to you. I was reckless to mention it.’
‘Has anyone ever survived and returned to human again, after their body’s rejected it?’ I asked, a new hope growing inside me.
‘No, they all die. I know what you’re thinking, which is why I should never have mentioned it. Your body would have started rejecting before now anyway,’ he added. ‘You are different, it’s true, but you're a strong vampire already. I’ve seen and felt the power of your bloodlust for the split second that you haven’t controlled it. You’re cold because you’re not feeding enough. Now drink.’
The warmth from the mug had seeped through my fingers, slowly travelling up my arms and through my chest where I’d been holding it, but now the sweet dark chocolaty aroma filled my senses and I lifted the mug to my lips. Daniel was right. Within seconds of the blood hitting my lips, warmth trickled back through my body, chasing away the shivers and making me feel re-energised. I drank the contents and smiled sheepishly at Daniel, before handing it back and curling back down into my duvet. 
Daniel may not need to sleep, but a quick cat nap was not enough for me and a heavy tiredness hung like a thick velvet curtain as my eyelids drooped, shutting out the memories of the evening that were threatening to resurface.
It felt like hours, but it can’t have been more than two or three, because it was still dark. Of course, as it was mid-winter, dawn was not breaking till seven or eight o’clock, but even so it had been nearly three when I’d finished my drink. I was shivering again, but this time with emotion. 
My dreams chased and hounded me. Faces from my past flitted in and out. Gemma stood before me, her hand reaching out to touch my frozen face. I looked into her eyes and started, as she morphed into Alex, who cried out and recognised me. ‘You’re dead! You’re dead! You’re dead!’ She said over and over again. I reached out to her and she fell into my arms crying. Our tears mingled and we clung to each other. My arms held her tight and suddenly she tried to pull back from me. 
Within seconds the dream became my worst nightmare as I saw myself leaning over her writhing body, holding her still, biting her, draining her. I looked down upon myself; I was removed and yet there. I was both the monster and the observer. I saw myself pull back from her slumped body and watched a trickle of blood run down my darkened lips and over my chin.
I screamed and screamed, unable to stop.
‘Hey, Shhhh, Shhhh!’ Daniel was there. He held me still and stroked my forehead. ‘It’s just a dream. It’s OK Jessica, it’s just me,’ he said as I tried to push him away, recoiling.
I sank back into the pillow, sobbing and suddenly he was there, next to me. He pushed off the heavy duvet and curled his body behind mine. His knees bent up fitting neatly behind mine, his body seeming to melt into every contour, his chin resting on top of my head. Even Luke didn’t seem to fit me quite this perfectly. At the thought of Luke, I began to edge away from Daniel, pushing him away half-heartedly, my heart feeling guilt but my body craving the warmth and security.
‘Shhh, it’s OK. Just relax, Jessica. No one can hurt you.’ His words soothed me and I relaxed back into his embrace. I was glad I’d bothered to put on my pyjamas, and not lazily ignored the trouser bottoms and crawled into bed in my top and knickers, as I normally did. He too had changed out of his club wear and was now in a pair of black, heavy jersey tracksuit bottoms and a white t-shirt. 
‘It wasn’t me getting hurt that was the problem,’ I whispered.
‘Shhhh. It didn’t happen. It won’t happen. Alex is fine. Don’t worry,’ he whispered back, the heat from his breath caressing my neck.
‘Are you still cold, Jessica?’ he asked holding me tighter, and I felt a blush rising to my cheeks, and was glad of the darkness, before whispering back,
‘No, I’m fine now.’ 
My traitorous body urged his hand to move from my waist to stroke my thigh, my hip, but he didn’t move and I was glad.
A soft sigh left his lips and he shifted away from me, sat up and pulling the duvet back over me, gently climbed out of bed. I rolled onto my back to watch him, wondering if he’d felt what I had; if he’d felt my pulse quicken and my body heat up. I thought he had and I was thankful that he’d not taken the next step, knowing I was nowhere near ready. 
His face suddenly loomed over mine as he bent over me, his dark, shaggy, shoulder-length hair flopping sweetly around his beautiful face. He got closer and suddenly I felt his soft lips close on mine. His lips pressed against mine insistently as his hand reached underneath my head and cupped it, holding me to him. After a second of surprise, I looked into his open eyes and saw them glimmer with passion and sparkle in the darkness. A second later he was gone, his final words bringing a secret smile to my lips.
‘There’s only so much waiting a man can take, Jessica,’ he said, as he gently closed my door behind him, leaving me breathing hard and wanting more.
I looked over at the window and thought I saw a glimmer of dawn threatening the night sky, so I decided to get a couple more hours of sleep in before having to face the day and my growing feelings for Daniel. I curled back up into a somewhat warmer ball and drew the duvet right over my head, grinning like a schoolgirl as I remembered the feeling of his lips pressed against mine, the warmth of his body as he curled behind me.
The next time I woke, dawn had been and gone and another bright, sunny day greeted me. I looked at my clock and frowned as I realised it was nearly twelve, and yet again I’d slept more than I should. Damn! I rolled onto my back and sighed, as the events of last night crowded in. The front door slammed downstairs, interrupting my musings, but all was quiet. Had Daniel gone out and left me here alone? Unlikely. My interest was piqued so I slipped out of bed, quickly pulling on a pair of blue jeans and the nearest sweatshirt to hand. As I pulled it over my head, I knew instantly it wasn’t mine. It was Daniel’s. He must have left it here last night. It smelled delicious, intoxicating and very comforting. I smiled and felt my spirits rise, before catching a glimpse of myself in the mirror and instantly frowning. 
Stupid girl! What about my feelings for Luke? They were still there, and I wasn’t about to forget about him, just because my body was attuned to an unjustifiably gorgeous vampire who happened to have saved my life. I remembered the day Luke and his family had moved into the house opposite. I was only thirteen and trying to tidy up the garden for my mum, who’d just been diagnosed with breast cancer. Rumour had it he was a freak, that he got expelled from his last school; but I didn’t care. He smiled at me as he carried boxes into the house and I felt the first flushes of a crush that would turn into true love.
Damn! I sighed, but I couldn’t quite get myself to remove the sweatshirt. I told myself it was just because it was warm and comfy, perfect for a frosty winter’s morning, or afternoon.
After pulling on some socks and cursorily pulling a brush through my hair, I left my sanctuary and went in search of Daniel. I wondered if he’d let me call him Dan? Hmmm, somehow I thought not. I smiled again and followed the sound of someone moving around in the kitchen. Eva was sitting on a chair, her feet propped up on the kitchen table. Daniel must definitely have gone out, because Eva wouldn’t bother creating the hassle, if Daniel saw her with her feet on the kitchen table.
‘Oh, ehm, hi!’ I faltered.
‘Hullo. I thought you might be avoiding us, but here you are. Just avoiding Dan then? Hmm,’ she said with a grin, looking pointedly at my sweatshirt and raising an eyebrow.
Drat! I knew I should’ve taken it off. Now she was going to think something had happened between us, when it hadn’t. Well, nothing much anyway. I felt the oh too familiar blush slowly rising to my cheeks, and determined to ignore it, I turned away from Eva and walked towards the pantry, trying to sound flippant as I answered her.
‘I wasn’t avoiding anyone. I was just chilling in my room, and when I heard the door shut I decided to come and investigate. Where’s he gone anyway?’
‘He’s gone to meet Sebastian, to discuss the details of your hospital visit.’
‘Oh right.’ It seemed odd that the discussion with Sebastian had happened only last night; so much had happened in the few hours after.
‘Is Sebastian pissed off with me for blowing the light fuse?’ I asked, dreading the answer that I’d have to go and see him again. The man gave me the creeps and irritated the hell out of me.
Eva smiled - she knew where I was coming from. I’d bet she didn’t like acting subordinate to Sebastian anymore than I did. Eva was the strongest willed woman I’d ever met; she wouldn’t enjoy taking orders from anyone.
‘No, honey. Actually he was rather impressed. I didn’t mention that it was an involuntary action. I think your talents are exciting him,’ she said, wiggling her eyebrows at me suggestively.
 ‘Yack! Don’t even go there. So now he’s going to expect magical powers at the drop of a hat and I still haven’t got a clue how I do it. Thanks!’
‘Or so you say!’ she answered, raising her eyebrows questioningly.
‘No, I told you! This crazy stuff’s never happened before and I don’t know how it happens. It just does!’
‘Fine, relax. Just go back to last night. Did you think about anything specific just before it happened, or do anything? I don’t know, flick your fingers or something?’ she asked smiling again.
‘No, I can’t just flick my fingers like Piper from ‘Charmed’ and freeze time! Though it would be very cool if I could,’ I said grinning.
‘Yeah, I love ‘Charmed’. We should watch it more. It might give you some tips,’ Eva interrupted grinning.
‘No, OK!  I’m not a witch. ‘Charmed’ is fictional; I am not. This is just weird stuff that seems to be happening. I have no idea why or how,’ I said, my voice creeping higher with stress.
‘You are a witch Jess, part-witch anyway. Have a think. You thought vampires were fictional a month ago, and now it turns out they aren’t, so why not witches too? We just need to help you work out how to control your powers. So think back to when you saw your friend, Gemma was it? What was going through your head?’ she asked again gently.
I sighed. I had to admit something was going on, and what she said made sense but opened up a whole new ballgame. I mean if vampires and witches existed, what else was out there? Ghosts? Werewolves? Fairies? And dare I say it, angels? Hmm, I didn’t want to think about it.  I also knew that if I didn’t convince Eva that I was trying my best, I’d be unable to escape Sebastian’s control. I sat down opposite, finished my drink and closed my eyes.
‘OK, I’ll try and think back,’ I said quietly.
The room stayed quiet and she didn’t disturb my thoughts as my mind raced back through the evening, and then I started talking.
‘You left me to go and sort out that sleazy guy.’
‘And sort him out I did! I kicked his butt right out of the club,’ Eva said chuckling. ‘I’m sorry, were you upset that I left you alone?’
‘No, I was fine.’ I went on to tell Eva what happened, from when I saw my friends, up until the lights going out. I could hear my words pouring out faster and faster as I re-lived the panic of the previous night. ‘I knew I had to get out of there and fast.’ I paused.
‘What is it? What have you remembered?’ she asked, as my eyebrows pulled together. I had remembered something else. I spoke quietly, knowing this was the key.
‘At the same time I called you and Daniel, I felt a surge. Like you’d imagine an electrical surge, before a fuse blows. I felt so emotional I wanted to scream, hit someone, or cry out. All the emotions rushed to my head, and at the same time I remember thinking that if everything was dark, I could hide. I wouldn’t have to face anything. I felt a sudden calm, only for a split second, and then the lights popped and went out. That’s all. I don’t know how I made the lights go out. They just did.’ I let out a breath and opened my eyes.
‘I do,’ Eva said. She was looking at me intently. ‘But first I think you need another drink. You’re looking pale even for a vampire. I wish you wouldn’t insist on living off this stuff,’ she said.
I felt drained, I wished Daniel was here, and surreptitiously I pulled the sweater up round my chin as if getting cosy, and breathed his scent, feeling it steady me.
‘Earth to Jess, hello?’ Eva said loudly, suddenly drawing me out of my daydreams and back into real time.
‘Uhm, sorry, I uhm…’ I stumbled.
‘OK, now listen. I think you’re telekinetic. You’re using your mind to do the things you subconsciously want, like blow the lights, explode mirrors, and move objects. At the moment you only seem able to access this power when you’re under extreme stress.’  I stayed silent taking in the information and realising with a jolt that it totally made sense. After a pause she added, ‘Now that’s all very well and good, but Sebastian will have no time for you unless you manage to control it. The key will be getting you to teach yourself how to use these talents on demand,’ she finished, raising her eyebrows and smiling as if we were discussing something as simple as learning to talk or walk. 
‘Right,’ I said doubtfully, trying to keep the sarcasm at bay, as I was beginning to learn that neither she nor Daniel approved, and it tended not to get me anywhere other than into an argument.
‘Look, why don’t you spend some time this afternoon on Daniel’s computer. I gather you’re a bit of a whiz on the internet? I bet if you look up telekinesis there’ll be hundreds of results, and some are bound to be helpful,’ she said with a shrug. ‘You may even find a fellow witch to chat to,’ she added with a grin.
‘Yeah right, and they’ll all be perfectly sane people I suppose,’ I said, unable to keep the sarcasm out of my voice, as I got up wearily from the table and left the room.
I went straight to the study which I’d found on the second floor of the house. It felt chilly due to lack of use and I was glad of Daniel’s jumper. I glanced at the floor to ceiling shelves, absolutely crammed with books, and wondered if it would be possible to light a fire in the old fireplace, as I slid the comfy armchair over to the gorgeous mahogany desk with the ease of an athletic man. Curling up in the armchair, I switched on the banker’s lamp and booted up the laptop. 
I’d been badgering Daniel to get wireless network set up so I could take the laptop downstairs, but for now I had to stay put in the study. At least there was broadband.
I clicked on Google and typed in telekinesis. To my amazement and dismay – after all I was going to have to sift through this lot - I found 843,000 results. The first was a Wikipedia entry for so- called psychokinesis, and it didn’t tell me anything I didn’t already know from watching TV. It said that telekinesis was the paranormal movement of matter. I knew that, although something that did catch my eye and make me smile was a subheading, ‘Self-Levitation’, followed by the definition, ‘rising in the air unsupported, flying.’ Now that would be serious fun, and hadn’t Daniel mentioned that some vampires had special powers? Hmmm! I moved on.
Then Google became decidedly silly, and a host of YouTube videos filled the page with supposedly real footage of people moving objects with their minds. I watched the first with vague interest then swiftly scrolled past the rest. I spent the next two hours reading page after page of telekinesis information, most of it the same recycled stuff, occasionally hitting on something that seemed to be more knowledgeable. 
Strangely all the sites, knowledgeable or less so, seemed to offer the same advice; that keeping a positive and accepting attitude was important. Many went on to say that a person with good intent would have more success or power than if they had negative energy and intentions. This I felt put me in an interesting predicament what with me being a vampire. Many of the websites suggested these abilities were God-given gifts, and one such person went on to say, 
‘As long as you give credit to God and believe that all things are possible, you will be able to do all things through Christ.’
 Hmm, an interesting point of view, but not so helpful. Surely a vampire was from the opposite spectrum to God and Heaven? Who knew? I mean Hell wasn’t something I was going to worry about yet as I clearly had several hundred years ahead of me first, unless I took to sunbathing, that is. Or I really pissed off Sebastian, a little voice inside me whispered. 
Yeesh, I’d had enough of this. I looked at the clock and realised it was nearly three o’clock, so as I’d highlighted a couple of the saner websites for future reading, I decided to switch off and go in search of some mind-numbing TV.
I found Eva in the ‘girls’ sitting room. Both Eva and I chose the back room rather than the big front room, even if Daniel was out. Our room was cosier and we both appreciated the feminine touches, like the coffee table full of magazines, which Eva topped up every couple of weeks. Eva was sat with her feet on the table, as always, watching her favourite programme of the moment, ‘Project Runway’. 
It didn’t surprise me, because Eva was seriously into fashion and had already admitted she’d been thinking of signing up for a fashion design course just before Daniel had fallen for me in the club; but now of course she was stuck helping babysit me. 
I plopped myself down on the couch and had a sudden weird desire to reach for a non-existent bag of crisps. Bag of blood – yeah, that was possible – bag of crisps, unlikely. I frowned slightly at the sudden feeling and shook it off, putting it down to déjà vu and habit. 
‘So, did you find out anything useful?’ Eva said, as she turned herself to face me.
‘Maybe, but it was like wading through mud. There are thousands of results. It’s ridiculous,’ I replied shaking my head slightly.
‘OK, well stick with it. Sebastian’s been trying to find a contact for you, but there aren’t many witches in the north for sure, and at the moment things are pretty tense with the Southern Clan. Although I’m pretty sure Cole hasn’t got any witches under his control either. Us vamps tend to keep ourselves to ourselves as much as the rest of the supernatural community,’ she said.
Before I could get into this conversation and ask who Cole was, although I guessed he was probably Sebastian’s Southern equivalent, I heard the door to the cellar open and close, and a minute later Daniel popped his head around the door.
‘Jessica you’re looking pale and tired again. Haven’t you eaten?’ Daniel said, with no hint of the warm greeting I’d come to expect. My welcoming smile slipped from my lips and I frowned instead.
‘That’s some way to greet a girl. Dan, you’re a real charmer!’ Eva said grinning. ‘And she did feed, when she eventually dragged herself downstairs. She’s been on the laptop for the last few hours. That’s all that’s tired her out.’
‘Hello, I am actually here you know,’ I said, waving slowly and scowling in his general direction. I hated it when they talked about me as if I wasn’t there. 
‘Sorry Jess, I was just a little shocked by how pale you’ve become, and the traffic out of town is a complete nightmare. I’m sorry,’ Daniel said, instantly softening and smiling apologetically at me.
I battled against the effect his smile had on me, as I wasn’t quite ready to forgive so easily, but I’d been interested to note that for the first time ever he’d called me ‘Jess’, instead of the full ‘Jessica’. I liked the way it sounded on his lips. I liked that he wasn’t being so formal with me. What did that mean? Was it because of our kiss last night? A blush instantly rose to my cheeks and I lowered my face to hide it, mumbling an answer to his apology.
Daniel didn’t have much to say regarding his time with Sebastian, but excitement fizzed through my body as he did tell me how Sebastian thought we should visit my father in the next couple of days. 
‘He’s sorting out some finalities with a couple of insiders at the hospital, which will make our visit less problematic, so he suggested tomorrow night,’ Daniel said, smiling at the huge grin that was spanning my face. 
He’d no idea how amazing it would be to finally get to see someone I loved; well actually he probably did, but the force of my happiness even came as a shock to me. I was speechless and could think of nothing to say, so I just nodded and grinned.
 He went on, discussing the details with Eva, mentioning other vamps, someone called Charles, and another called Peter, but I couldn’t take it in. I was thinking about my dad, wondering if he’d recognise me. I mean he was in intensive care, and he thought I was dead, so would he think I was a ghost? If he did recognise me, would this revelation be too much for him? I could give him a heart attack? Or maybe he’d be so pleased to see me that he wouldn’t mind the fangs? Hmm, too weird, maybe that’s not such a good idea. Maybe I could pretend I was in his dream? This seemed more feasible, especially if he was still on a load of drugs. As long as he recognised me; which he probably wouldn’t. Maybe I should get a blonde wig and blue contacts?
I mulled it all over, the thoughts swirling round my head so fast it left me feeling dizzy; what if he rejected me? Hated me? The all too familiar rush of emotion started coursing through my body, and my vision went blurry with a build-up of unshed tears. I dug my face into the depths of the sweater, and at the same time I felt Daniel’s heavy arm wrap around my shoulders, pulling me into his side as he perched on the edge of the sofa. My pulse began to slow.
‘No Daniel, let her go.’ Eva’s most unwelcome voice broke my concentration as his arm pushed me away slightly. I caught his puzzled expression, but he continued to obey her. Her voice turned authoritative, cold. 
‘Jess, listen to me. Feel all the sadness. Feel the anger. Look at me Jess,’ she commanded.
I looked up into her eyes which suddenly seemed hundreds of years old, full of experience and pain. I thought I saw a glimmer of compassion in them and I held onto that as the anger and sadness coursed through my veins, threatening to take hold.
‘Now, I want you to look at that mug on the table. Look at it and imagine you are pushing all those emotions out of your body towards that mug. Push them away and store them in the mug, then move the mug away from you. That mug is full of your emotion and worry. Throw it away Jessica, now!’ she instructed me.
I looked at the mug on the table and instantly understood what she wanted from me. I looked at the mug so hard, but the feelings refused to obey. It felt like thunder brewing as the lights flickered ever so slightly.
‘No Jessica, control it. Rein it in and concentrate on the mug; only the mug,’ she repeated.
Frustration and pain seared through my temples and round the base of my skull. I projected the emotions with all my heart out and into that mug. I felt them waver and come together, then a slight feeling of calm followed as the mug moved a fraction, not even a centimetre, and then chaos descended again. A second later the fuse had blown, the overhead light bulb exploding above our heads, as the feelings rushed back at me and left me panting, the pain almost blinding me.
‘Enough Eva, enough!’ Daniel’s arms pulled me toward him again and his voice shushed quietly in my ear, as if he were calming a child with nightmares. I zoned out and concentrated on nothing but his breath on my cheek, as the pain began to subside.
Thankfully Eva let it drop and once Daniel had re-set the fuse box the TV was switched back on. I huddled into Daniel’s side, not wanting to pull away, and after ten minutes or so the pain had gone and the cocktail of emotions with it. I knew Eva was only trying to help me, but I was a little unnerved by the display of authority, and the look in her eyes. I shifted into a more comfortable position and Eva moved from her usual spot at the end of the sofa to the opposite one, to give us more room. I moved up but felt reluctant to let go of Daniel, and as he seemed happy to keep his arm around my shoulders, I stayed put.
Around seven o’clock, Eva went upstairs to change into a gorgeous, understated and very sexy outfit, which must have cost a fortune. She then headed out to meet her latest ‘beau’ as she called him, or ‘sex on a stick’ which she described him as; neither of which seemed to work very well together. However, I guess that’s what you get, when you have a woman who grew up in the French Revolution, who’s now slipped seamlessly into the twenty first century.  
I stayed up with Daniel till past midnight, watching a mixture of weekend TV and cable movies and sometime after midnight, Daniel’s mobile rang and mouthing ‘Sebastian’ at me he disappeared off into the front room. After waiting a couple of minutes, I decided I’d had enough television and headed up to my room. It was only as I climbed into bed with a favourite book that I realised how tired I was. 
The tiredness had initially hit me head-on, shortly after Eva’s little training episode, and even though Daniel kept getting me drinks, the hit of energy only lasted an hour or so each time. I put my book down and felt simultaneously exhausted and wired. My mind kept running through the events of the past twenty four hours - disturbing flashes of my life on fast forward.
I thought I’d never be able to sleep, and the images actually seemed to speed up, but I soon found I couldn’t concentrate on any one memory. They became a blur. I was so tired I couldn’t focus and as I snuggled down, I pulled Daniel’s sweatshirt up from the floor and guiltily pulled it under the covers. I brought it up to my face, and inhaling his still lingering scent, I felt safe and calm. The blurring images began to fade and I was gone. The last flickering image I remembered was that of my dad, six months ago, smiling at me across the kitchen table. I was reading him my exam results. My future was like a bright star. I was unstoppable.
Chapter Eight

It was dark when I awoke, although as I peered blearily at the curtains I could just make out a dingy light, so dawn must have been on its way. I fidgeted, trying to get back to sleep, but something had disturbed me. It felt as if I’d been reluctantly dragged from a deep, dreamless sleep. I’d definitely not woken naturally, so I quickly glanced around the room, half expecting to see Daniel, but my room was empty and the house was silent. I wondered if Eva had come back, or if she’d gone back to her place. I felt my cheeks flush at the idea of being home alone with Daniel and immediately pushed the feeling away.
I relaxed back into my pillows, closed my eyes and a second later heard a rustling sound, a hacking cough and a weak moan. I shot up in bed, wide awake. What the hell was that? 
I cried out, as I realised I was no longer in my room. I had been transported to a private hospital room, which was dimly lit with night lights. An old man was lying in bed. He looked shrunken, with dark hollows around his grey eyes, sadness etched into the lines. His skin had the typical yellowish tone of alcohol abuse, and as he shifted, he moaned my name.
‘Jessie, Jessie, not long now, baby.’
‘Dad? Dad! No!’ I cried out. I wanted to touch him, hold him, be held by him, but I couldn’t. I was just watching, or was I dreaming?
‘Jessie, Jessie. I’m so sorry baby. I never told you and now you know the truth. Jessie, I’m here now. I’m coming home to you,’ he croaked and his eyes lit up as if looking directly at me. He smiled and then, right before my eyes, the light went out.
I screamed, shaking over and over.
‘No, no! No Dad,’ and suddenly I was back in my bed, shaking all over, as Daniel rushed through the door, bleary-eyed.
‘Jessica, Jessica, it’s all right. It’s just another nightmare. I’m here,’ he said, climbing into bed to hold me.
‘Shhhhh, it’s OK, it’s OK,’ he said soothing me, but this time his words didn’t calm me. It had been too real. My dad had just died and I was never going to get that chance to explain, to talk to him. I sobbed uncontrollably and tears fell unchecked.
‘He’s dead, Daniel. My dad, he’s gone,’ I said between sobs.
‘No, shhhh, it was just a dream. Sebastian has people at the hospital. He would have phoned if anything had happened,’ he said, gently stroking my hair.
‘No, I saw him. Something woke me, I heard him, and then I was there. I was in his hospital room. He’s in a private room, isn’t he? I saw him die, just now. Sebastian probably doesn’t even know yet,’ I said quietly, and as I looked up through my tears I saw Daniel’s face cloud over with concern.
‘Maybe I should go and call him. I’m sure it’s just a dream, Jess.’ 
‘No stay. I need you. He’ll call us soon enough.’ I closed my eyes and rested my head against Daniel’s chest. I could hear his heartbeat, much slower than a human’s, but regular and calming all the same. 
I breathed in his scent. It intoxicated me, supported me, tantalised me. It was unlike anything I’d smelled before. Luke had two particular scents, the one which smelled of his favourite aftershave and the one he had after a shower, a musky man scent, clean and warm. Daniel smelled entirely different, or maybe it was my improved sense of smell. I couldn’t place it, but it was like going out on a warm summer morning after a rainy night. It was a fresh smell, almost earthy, wet and warm. I wanted more of it. I wanted to be consumed by it. I knew it had the power to take all my fears and sadness away and lift me to a place where nothing could touch me.
I lifted my face up to his and saw my desire mirrored in his own. Softly his lips pressed against mine, and I pulled him down next to me, so we were lying face to face, our lips touching, and the tips of our tongues flicking each other’s. I was lying on one arm, so with my free hand I stroked the side of his body. He had a t-shirt and boxers on so he must have come straight from bed. Typical! The one time he sleeps, I go and wake him up. I smiled to myself and brought my hand back up to his chest. He pulled me closer than I thought was possible without getting squashed, and our kisses became more urgent.
Suddenly he pulled back from me, and looking at me softly he whispered to me, his words full of concern. ‘Jessica, I want you to trust me. I know how you feel about feeding from humans, but I’m worried. You need more sustenance than the banked blood is giving you, and there is another way.’ 
Before I could reply, he lifted himself up on one elbow and with his free hand drew a rather sharp looking nail I’d never noticed before across the thin skin on his neck. I watched, fascinated, as a thin line of bright blood seeped through the wound. Daniel instantly licked his finger and ran it back over the wound, and I saw the blood begin to run more freely. 
The smell hit me, like a bowl of melted, 80% dark chocolate, seductive and bitter at the same time. It drew me to him with such force, I couldn’t resist. I didn’t want to resist. Even if I’d any willpower left, I knew I wouldn’t refuse. Daniel wasn’t a human; he was offering himself to me willingly. He wanted me to drink. I had to drink. I needed to taste his blood. He drew me to him and I felt my fangs extend as he lowered himself back down. I closed the tiny gap between us, my lips touching his skin first, my tongue following and flicking out to lick his neck.  
 The taste exploded in my mouth, nothing like the stuff I’d been drinking. I heard myself moan quietly and he shivered slightly beneath me as he spoke.
‘Jessica, it won’t continue to flow if you don’t bite. It won’t hurt. I want you to. I need you to.’ His voice was low and husky as he breathed heavily against my neck, sending shivers down my spine.
I paused for only a second, and felt just the slightest resistance, before my teeth slipped smoothly through his soft skin, causing a rush of warm blood. I felt Daniel’s arm tighten as he moaned with pleasure, whilst I drank hungrily, feeling the rich smooth blood coursing down my throat. I held him firmly, but Daniel was still much stronger, and without stopping me, he rolled over me so I was underneath, his breath hot against my bare shoulder. He moved my vest strap down and began kissing me, his other hand moving under my back and down my body, pulling me even closer. I could feel him, his whole body hard against mine.
His touch sent fire through my body and I sucked harder, all my worries and pain evaporating into a cloud of pleasure. I felt alive, and vibrant, and I slammed the cell door in my head shut, dismissing the disapproving girl and memories of the boy I loved.
‘Oh Jess, Mmm…’ he moaned in my ear, as our bubble was suddenly and excruciatingly popped by the ominous ring of the phone.
I pulled my lips gently away from his neck, feeling my fangs begin to retract into place, surprised to see the tiniest of wounds already healing before my eyes. He pulled away from me reluctantly and I saw the lust in his eyes slowly replaced with concern, as his fangs also receded.
‘I’ll leave it. I can call him later,’ Daniel murmured to me gently.
‘No Daniel. Answer it. I need to know,’ I said, already sure what the news would be.
A couple of minutes later he returned, his face set, ready to calm my grief and soothe my pain. He tentatively took a step towards me where I was huddled in my duvet. 
‘Jess, I’m so sorry. You were right, he’s gone.’ His words were soft as he sat down beside me. His arms encircled me and pulled me to him. I’d known I was right, I knew what I’d seen, but a small part of me had hoped it was all a bad dream. The realisation that I was right, that my father had died and left me an orphan, shocked me numb. I couldn’t speak so I nodded, staring ahead as I rocked myself gently back and forth.
I’m not sure how long we sat like that, Daniel holding me, neither of us speaking, but by the time I could speak dawn had broken and the morning light was filtering into the room, creeping through the cracks in the curtains.
‘Daniel, I need to get up and do something. Let me get dressed and I’ll meet you downstairs,’ I said eventually.
He nodded, and reluctantly got up from my bed and walked to the door.
‘I have things I need to discuss with you regarding your father Jessica, but you will not bear this alone.’ He searched my face, and seemingly content that I wasn’t going to fall apart, he left me alone.
When I was sure he’d gone and that he was no longer trying to listen to my thoughts, I searched my own emotions within. Something felt out of kilter; something felt unlike me, and then I realised what it was. 
The vampire within had grown stronger. I could still feel exhilaration and energy flowing through my body from Daniel’s blood, and the instant I paused to recollect the act, I flushed with warmth. I could remember the heavenly scent that wafted up as I bit down into his skin, the amazing, tastebud-tingling taste as his blood trickled into my mouth. 
The vampire within me was consumed with the amazing feelings it had given me, the way Daniel had turned me on and set me aflame. That part of me wanted more, and I only felt a disconnected numbness regarding my father’s death. Dare I say, my inner vampire felt good at not having to worry about everything, not feel all that human pain and guilt that plagued me every day. I even acknowledged that a very tiny part of me might be coming round to the idea of liking fresh blood. It would have to be a very willing donor, but after all, if they were willing and it felt as amazing as Daniel made it feel, what could be the harm, right?
Yet I knew what the harm could be. I could lose my soul. I knew that although this new part of me was now stronger than ever, my human soul was still there, grieving the death of my father and yearning to see Luke and Alex once more. That girl had taken a back seat. She’d shut herself off from me, and I worried that if the vampire part took over, I’d lose myself, forever. 
I turned to face the mirror at the end of the bed and a movement from outside caught my eye. There was a gap of about six inches where I hadn’t pulled the curtains fully closed and as I glanced up I thought I saw a man, standing on my windowsill. I ran to the window and pulled the curtains apart, but there was nothing, just the early morning sun blinding me. I shook my head, trying to dislodge the vision of his face, tight with grief, jealousy and disappointment. His name whispered to me, over and over….Luke, Luke, Luke. 
Ridiculous! It was just my grief and guilt playing tricks on me. I turned back to the mirror and was instantly taken aback by the transformation. My recent deathly pallor had disappeared and a healthy glow replaced the hollowed cheeks of the last couple of days. They say the eyes are the path to the soul and mine were full of tears and grief, but the tears didn’t fall and my cheeks remained dry and pink.
I quickly pulled on some skinny jeans, a top and a long cardigan. I didn’t feel the need to be cocooned in Daniel’s sweatshirt today; I felt stronger. So pulling on some socks and the super trendy boots Eva had bought me, I left the room. I nipped into the bathroom and splashed some water on my face to freshen up, more of a habit than necessity and quickly tying my hair back into a ponytail, I headed downstairs to find Daniel.
‘OK, see you shortly. We’ll be leaving around three, I think,’ Daniel was saying as I walked into the kitchen, before he hung up the phone and looked at me.
‘Who was that?’ I asked.
‘Eva. I just called to let her know the unfortunate developments and the plans for later. She’s coming over as soon as she can,’ he replied, searching my face for signs of the emotional wreck he obviously thought was waiting to happen, and was clearly nonplussed at what he found.
 ‘What plans?’ I asked, ignoring the questions in his eyes, and trying not to be drawn to the two tiny marks on his neck. Realisation slowly softened his features, as he’d probably caught flashes of my bloodthirsty desires, and he smiled warmly before answering.
‘Jessica, you look better, but I think you understand now that you cannot live off banked blood?’ he asked. I nodded reluctantly before he carried on. ‘I’m glad you’re feeling stronger, especially as I’m afraid I have a difficult task for you, which Sebastian wishes us to carry out today.’ 
‘Am I going to see dad?’ I asked, hope rising unchecked.
‘No. I’m sorry, Jessica. Your father is in the hospital mortuary, and it would be an unnecessary risk for us to go there. He cannot help us now.’ My heart sank as he continued. ‘Sebastian wishes us to visit your father’s house to look for that early photo album and any documents like your birth certificate, so we can work out your heritage, before it’s too late.’ 
‘I can’t go there. What if someone sees us?’
‘They wouldn’t recognise you. We’ll dress in suits and Eva and I will carry ID. That way, if anyone does see us we can pass ourselves off as officials sorting out the estate,’ he answered calmly.
‘Why don’t we go at night. Surely that would be better?’ I asked, hoping to get myself some breathing time.
‘No, daytime is better. If we go at night we’ll be more likely to arouse suspicion. Daytime is better as most people are out working. Within a few days, real officials will be visiting the house and sorting out the legal work, which is why we have to go today.’ I sighed and slumped into a kitchen chair. Desperately ignoring the human girl in the attic of my mind, I lost myself in the frivolous mind of the vampire. It was a good distraction.
‘Ok. So did I hear you tell Eva three o’clock? I don’t have a suit, you know?’ I said, sitting down at the kitchen table opposite him, a part of me enjoying the confusion I was causing him.
‘Ehm, Jessica are you alright? You seem to be taking all this a little better than anticipated,’ Daniel said, getting up from his seat and coming to sit on the stool next to mine, where I could smell his delicious scent in intoxicating waves.
‘Yes, I’m fine,’ I snapped. Really! This guy was too empathetic sometimes. ‘The girl is still here and I think she’s pretty torn up, but somehow since we, I mean I, well you know, kind of…. well, what we did last night..’ I stumbled, suddenly both embarrassed and a bit grossed out to say I actually bit him.
‘Yes, go on. It’s OK Jess. I enjoyed it too. It was amazing actually,’ he said smiling at me.
‘Well anyway, I guess you and Eva were right, saying things would become easier for me if I allowed my vampire side to take over, and after last night I feel stronger, in more control. I can still feel my soul. She’s still there, she’s grieving. I’ve locked her away,’ I said, as my eyes were once again drawn to his neck. 
My hand involuntarily moved up to stroke his skin, my fingers moving lightly over the tiny red dots where my teeth had punctured his skin. I then traced the thin red line where he’d initially cut himself, and stroked his neck.
His eyes were on mine instantly, like dark deep pools, glittering and mesmerising, and I let him pull me into their depths. He scooted his stool nearer to mine and mirrored my hand with his own, holding his palm against my cheek and cupping it under my jaw.
‘What did it feel like? Did I hurt you?’ I whispered, asking for something more and knowing he knew what I meant.
‘No it didn’t. Let me show you. Can I taste you Jessie, sweet Jessie?’ he asked huskily, passion setting his eyes aflame.
My heart jumped at the mention of Jessie. The only person in the world who called me that was my dad. My dear, lovely dad, who had played endlessly with me as a child, his only child, but he was gone now and I needed to block out the pain and disconnect the memories. I nodded and breathed him in as his mouth gently kissed my neck and sent shivers shooting down my arms.
 As his teeth broke my skin, I felt a jolt of electricity run down my spine and fizz between my legs. When Sebastian had bitten me it had turned me on and felt amazing, but this was something else. Maybe it was the connection we shared, but I could feel his excitement, passion and hunger mirrored in myself and my fangs broke through my gums, as I rocked against my stool seat, held in his tight embrace.
He only fed for a couple of minutes at the most, and I felt him release me just as my excitement was heightening to impossible levels.
‘Hey, why have you stopped already?’ I asked, panting. 
He grinned at me and I could see that it had taken an effort to pull away, as the desire was sparkling in his eyes.
‘I’ve just got you looking healthy Jessie - sorry, Jess. Eva told me not to call you Jessie,’ he replied smiling, but with a hint of worry in his eyes.
‘It’s fine. I actually liked you calling me Jessie. It was a shock at first, but my dad’s gone now, so I guess it would be nice to have someone still call me that,’ I said, suddenly realising how much Daniel had come to mean to me.
‘OK. Well I’m not about to take all that blood back and have you looking all pale and ghostly again, even though you do taste delicious,’ he added. 
I could see a droplet of blood on his lips, and I paused a second before I leaned forward and cautiously touched my lips to his. A second later, and I was plunging into an abyss of warmth and dizziness as he pulled me in. I could taste blood on his tongue, mine or his I didn’t know, but it tasted exquisite. 
The front door banging brought us slamming back into the present. I drew back and looked dreamily behind me to the kitchen door as Eva whirled in, in a haze of darkly-scented perfume, coming to a sudden, somewhat comical stop as she took in the two of us guiltily pulling away from each other.
‘Well, I wondered when you’d finally give in,’ she said grinning at me, her eyes sparkling, and I felt myself blushing.
‘I have to say he suits you very well; you’re looking much healthier Jess, and happier too considering,’ she said, smiling like a genuine friend. There wasn’t a hint of ‘I told you so’ about her and for that I was relieved, but I felt shy and didn’t know what to say. Luckily Daniel picked up on my feelings and talked for me.
‘I’ve told Jessica about going to her father’s home and she’s agreed to come with us. She will need to borrow a suit from you,’ he said, and as I watched him I realised his eyes were full of a light which I hadn’t seen there before.
‘Why borrow when you can buy, hey Jess?’ Eva said, winking at me. ‘I think it’s time Jess supplemented her wardrobe a bit more, and there’s plenty of time for a little shopping trip before three o’clock. It’s only eleven thirty,’ she said, grinning at me.
For once I wasn’t desperate to get out of the house. Firstly, shopping for a suit to visit my dead dad’s house in was not my idea of fun, and secondly I’d hoped to spend the next couple of hours cuddled up on the sofa with Daniel. I’d even watch football if necessary!
‘Actually, I don’t really fancy going out now Eva. You could just pick something nice for me,’ I said, screwing my nose up a little as I pleaded with Eva.
‘No Jess, you’re coming with me. It’ll be good for you to get out and I need some girl time. I’ve been surrounded with men for days,’ she said, appearing smiley and friendly, but I knew that underneath she would be completely immovable. 
‘Oh Eva, let her stay here if she wants to. It’s been a tough morning for her, and there’s more to come,’ Daniel said, which I appreciated, because sticking up for me and challenging Eva, who was essentially his boss and probably ex-lover, was not something he’d choose to do lightly. I looked up at Eva hopefully and saw frustration and maybe a flicker of anger dart across her brow, so I decided to appease her before things got difficult.
‘No, it’s fine Daniel, I’ll go.’ I looked at Eva and smiled hesitantly, hoping she’d understand, which thankfully she seemed to do.
‘Great,’ she said, her beautiful smile back again. ‘Let’s go now and then you can be back in time for a Daniel fix before we go out. I’ll just change into something more suitable.
I turned back to smile at Daniel and didn’t even hear her leave the room. I’d found to my delight that vampires were naturally fast and graceful, but Eva beat us all. She moved or rather flowed up the stairs so silently, she could have passed for a ghost had she not been so full of life and energy.
She appeared in the kitchen again only minutes later, and if I hadn’t already become used to her unnatural speed I would have been shocked. As it was, I’d already changed my boots, grabbed my jacket and was waiting with a smile on my face. 
‘Right, come on then, my car’s at the front,’ she said, heading back out towards the front door, and suddenly I felt shy. What should I do? Part of me wanted to kiss Daniel goodbye, but I wasn’t sure if this was too much, too soon for either of us. My feelings for Luke were still there, but it was easy to get lost in these new exciting feelings. My feelings for Daniel were growing by the day, and I knew he would always be there for me. I hesitated in the doorway, feeling awkward and shy, but then relief shot through me as he grinned and beckoned me over with his finger. I smiled shyly and went over to him, letting him pull me into his arms. My heart jumped as he pulled me in for a sweet kiss on the lips.
‘Come on Jess! Daniel, let go of her,’ Eva shouted down the hall. Daniel grinned at me and shoved me from his lap, giving me a playful smack on the rear as I left the room, grinning like a lunatic.
Eva raised her eyes to the heavens and tutted. ‘Come on,’ she said, before leaving me to follow her out of the house and into the car. In my attempt to impress and get myself ready in record time, I’d forgotten the one essential item. I stepped out of the door into a brilliant sunny day and found myself once again blinded, screwing my eyes up in pain, hot tears running down my cheeks.
‘Aghh! I yelped, and quickly retreated into the house, where Daniel had already pre-empted my error and found my sunglasses, which I quickly claimed before running back down the path to Eva’s car.
‘I’m sorry Jess, if you wanted to stay in with Dan. I know how addictive that initial bond can feel, and I’m really pleased that you’ve given in to it,’ she said, pausing as I frowned slightly. ‘However, I think, as you are well aware, you’re not quite as simple as other vampires. Regardless of how you think you’re managing your feelings for Luke and your past, they cannot have disappeared quite as fast as you’re making out. I think a little down time will be good for your soul,’ she said quickly. She kept looking at me, and even though we both had sunglasses on, I knew her keen eyes were seeing straight through the dark plastic lenses to the surprise in my eyes. 
I didn’t get it. I thought she wanted me to bury my soul. I thought she wanted me to give in to the vampire, and forget my past. Why the change of heart? Why, when I finally thought I was getting somewhere, and was accepting this new life, did the goal posts have to change? I was totally bemused.
‘Eva I don’t understand, I thought you’d be encouraging these new feelings?’ I asked, feeling more than slightly hurt, if not a little bit sorry for myself.
‘I do, I do, and it may surprise you, but I do actually care about you, as well as Dan. I don’t want this to end badly. I think you’re going to be a very talented vampire, and I think a lot of those talents are intrinsically linked to your soul.’ She paused, but as I had nothing to say she carried on. ‘Jess, your soul it what’s so special about you, and I don’t want you to quash it and bury it in an attempt to guard yourself from your feelings. Seek comfort from Daniel by all means, but you need to acknowledge your pain as well, and reap power from it,’ she said. The words were kindly, but there was a serious tone to them, and I understood immediately the reason for that. 
She may care for me, but not as much as Daniel did. She was not linked to me as he was, and I knew that however much she liked me, she was bound to Sebastian. I’d already seen glimmers of her harder side. They were obviously worried that if I gave in to my vampire side too soon, I’d lose the recent abilities which had so impressed them. Those abilities had so far only shown up when I was upset and emotional, and I saw her point. I mean the lights hadn’t pinged out when I was kissing Daniel, and I had been feeling very emotional then! I frowned as I contemplated everything she’d said.
Eva continued, ‘I know how it must seem Jess, and initially your life may be harder going down this route, but if you work hard at controlling those talents, I believe that in the long run you’ll have more success and independence. If you give in now, you’ll just become a very ordinary, talentless vamp.’ She smiled at me, and I truly believed that she meant what she was saying. She did want the best for me, and I realised from the short time I’d known Sebastian, that I’d gain much more respect from him if I stood out.
 ‘I’m not asking you to stop things developing naturally with Daniel. Besides, it is strange that it’s taken so long for you to see him that way. All I ask is that you don’t cut yourself off from that human soul, not yet. Don’t let her lose her voice; don’t forget your past too easily, as it will help you become something great,’ she finished.
Wow! Some speech, but it had an edge of smoothness to it, so that I didn’t quite believe it was all from the heart. At the same time it made sense, so I decided to go along with her and mull things over later.
‘OK, but in order for me to get through today, I need that part of me to stay in the background, otherwise I won’t cope.’ I said, feeling unusually strong and sure of myself. I felt I’d made my point, and while she may not want me to lose my talents, there’d be a time and a place to try and use them, which wouldn’t be this afternoon, with so much ahead of me. She nodded and smiled, and I saw a glimmer of respect flash across her face before she turned back to the traffic, leaving me to my thoughts.
Chapter Nine

The next couple of hours passed in a blur, as Eva slipped into fashion fiend mode and became a mini-whirlwind, powering me from shop to shop. We found a beautifully cut black suit with a demure, yet shapely pencil skirt and fashionably short cropped jacket. To this I added a fitted pure white shirt and cute patent leather ballet pumps. I still didn’t feel comfortable in heels, much to Eva’s dismay, and insisted flats would be much more practical for the job in hand. 
After our earlier chat, Eva didn’t bring up the subject of my soul again and the two hours flew by as we chatted about clothes and film star gossip. Before I knew it I was back at the house and feeling lighter for a trip out.
Daniel was watching a footie game as usual, and what baffled me was how you could switch the TV on almost any day of the week and find football. Be it a cup game, league game or a World Cup Qualifier, and just in case that wasn’t enough, it seemed that even the under seventeen games were televised. 
Unusually, when I sat down next to him his eyes actually left the screen and he looked at me, worry creasing the skin around his beautiful dark eyes.
‘How was it?’ he asked, and I knew it was a loaded question.
‘It was fine, honestly. I got a great suit,’ I said, as I snuggled into the curve of his arm and avoided his gaze. I didn’t want to worry him anymore, and just needed a few minutes peace before I got ready for the afternoon’s ordeal.

An hour later I was sitting in Daniel’s car wearing my new suit. I had my hair tied back in a sleek ponytail and was staring out of the car windows at the house I knew so well.
Flashbacks coursed through my head - visions of my dad playing with me in the garden, both of us washing his car and spraying each other with water, me squealing as he chased me round the car. Another of me, older this time, sneaking a kiss from a boyfriend, as my dad watched stonily from behind the living room curtains. My whole life had been played out here, and this was the last time I’d get to go inside.
‘Come on,’ Daniel said, smiling and holding the door open for me. Eva had already gone up the path and opened the door quickly. Where they’d got the key from I didn’t want to know, and therefore didn’t ask. ‘Just get inside and get the job done’, I told myself. I could do this, I could. As I walked up the path, I glanced nervously at the neighbours’ windows, but no one was there. This made sense, as both houses belonged to working families, the kids at school and the parents at work. 
I entered the house, my house, and was once again bombarded with memories. It was like dying all over again, and I saw myself riding on my dad’s back when I was only four, screaming with laughter as he crawled on his hands and knees, pretending to be my horse. I saw myself standing on a kitchen chair, as I helped my mum bake fairy buns when I was six, and finally I saw the stroppy thirteen year old me, screaming and shouting, before running up the stairs two at a time, and slamming my bedroom door so hard it cracked the door frame. I winced as I remembered how unreasonable I thought they were being. What I’d give to be able to scream and shout at them again.
I jumped and came back to the present with a jolt, as Daniel took my arm and gently steered me into the living room, closing the front door behind us. I struggled to block out the memories which kept surfacing, each becoming more painful, the closer they became. Finally, I closed my eyes on the image of Luke twirling me round the living-room floor to the ‘Strictly Come Dancing’ final. It had been a week before Christmas; a mere couple of months ago. We’d both shrieked with laughter, my beautiful ring sparkling in the lights from the tree. It wasn’t an engagement ring or anything, but it was the best Christmas present I’d had. I knew he wouldn’t have bought it for me if he didn’t love me and my dad’s face had been hysterical when he thought I was getting engaged at seventeen. 
As the memory faded I looked down at my bare hand, and with another jolt realised I’d not seen it since I had woken to this new life. 
‘Where’s my ring, Daniel?’ I shouted. ‘Did you take it away because you wanted me all to yourself? Did you think I’d forget about him if I didn’t have it? Did you think it would be easier to get over him, if I didn’t have it to remind me how much he loved me?’ I shouted at Daniel, fury bringing bile to my throat. I felt the familiar confusion and tumult of feelings swirling uncontrollably within, and wondered briefly if I should try and fling Daniel across the room. That would show them! I stared at him aggressively, all tenderness forgotten, as I waited for his answer, the windows vibrating slightly in their frames.
‘Is that what you think of me Jessica? How can you think I’d do that to you?’ His eyes shone with a fury that was hard to bear, and I could see a mixture of hurt and indignation well from within, as he turned from me and walked from the room.
‘Stupid girl! Dan would never have done that to you. I may have done it, if there’d been a ring to remove, but there wasn’t. Those girls probably took it,’ Eva said, her voice distinctively chilly.
‘Oh, I’m sor..’ I started to apologise, but she interrupted.
‘It’s not me you need to apologise to, but I suggest you give him some time to calm down first. You can make yourself useful by checking this room. It won’t take long, because I’m pretty sure your father wouldn’t hide whatever he was keeping from you in here, but check the backs of cupboards and the top book shelves, while I go upstairs.’ 
I looked down and felt like an impetuous teenager again. All the fury and emotion had left my body as quickly as it arrived and I was left feeling rather silly, not at all looking forward to seeing Daniel and apologising. I mean, I wanted to apologise, I did, but I didn’t want to see the hurt in his eyes, hurt that I’d caused, after he’d done everything possible to protect me.
There was nothing for it but to get stuck in and at least try to do something right. I couldn’t accept their belief, that I had a different birth mother, but the more I thought about it, the more questions I had. It was true that my mother didn’t look like me, and we had very different personalities, but that didn’t mean anything.
It does seem strange now, that when my parents moved into a new house they lost their very first photo album, with all my baby photos in it. In fact, it only occurred to me now, when I thought it through, how my father had also said my birth certificate had been lost. I’d needed it the previous year, when applying for my student loan, and dad had suddenly gone all weird, which I put down to his drinking. He insisted that he’d sort it out for me, and in the end I think he bought another copy and posted it off to the local authority himself. I never saw it; but then what seventeen year old bothers to sort out stuff like that, if their dad offers to do it for them? I had more important things to check out, like which student accommodation was closest to Luke’s! However, that new birth certificate would be my key. Could my father have had an ulterior motive? I couldn’t think about it. It was too weird.
I started searching the room, but glancing around, I knew nothing was different. I’d find nothing here. I knew, because it was exactly as I’d left it a month ago when I’d last been home for a visit - or more like a house clean. With my dad being an alcoholic, he was barely able to look after himself, never mind the house. So every couple of weeks I’d been coming home to clean and tidy for him, and do some washing - another reason I could never have left Manchester.
In the three weeks that I’d been dead, my father had obviously done nothing other than drink and watch TV, because nothing was out of place. Only the waste paper basket, which was kept on the floor by the sofa, stood out. During Christmas, Luke and I had filled it with brightly-coloured chocolate wrappers, but it was now overflowing with beer bottles, and more alarmingly, three full–size, empty whisky bottles. Oh Dad! I sighed and sat down heavily on the sofa, the weight of his loss pressing down and beginning to smother me. I bent my head and covered my face, feeling a single tear slowly trace a line down my cheek.
The door opened quickly, and a second later there was a slight pressure next to me on the sofa as Daniel sat down, his strong arms around my shoulders, drawing me to him. I looked up through blurry eyes and took in his beautiful face, full of compassion and tenderness, not something you’d ever expect to see in the face of a vampire.
‘I shouldn’t have left you Jess. I’m sorry,’ he said.
‘No Daniel, it’s me who’s sorry. If I’d stopped to think for one moment, I’d have known you would never have taken my ring. It was stupid and hurtful. I’m sorry, I really am,’ I said quietly, resting my head against his rock-like shoulder. ‘Have you found anything?’ I asked.
‘No, not yet, but I was just about to go up into the attic, if you want to come with me?’ he asked. ‘I take it there’s nothing here?’
‘No. I tidy, er...tidied this room for dad and nothing has changed except the bin full of bottles,’ I said.
‘Come on,’ he said nodding, and led me from the room.
Just as we started up the stairs, a whoop sounded from the upstairs bedroom.
‘I’ve got it. I’ve got the birth certificate,’ Eva shouted to us.
Daniel, who was one step up from me, turned back and glanced at me quickly. My face was frozen with trepidation. 
‘Come on,’ she added, as we bolted up the stairs two at a time.
A couple of seconds later I was facing Eva, as she passed me the brown envelope. I sat on the bed, holding the paper in my hands, wondering how it was going to change my life. Was I right? Was this the key to my strange newfound abilities? All manner of questions flew through my head as I opened the envelope and with trembling fingers pulled out the inconspicuous looking piece of paper. The details washed over me like icy water as I read:
Name of child – Jessica Angel James; 
Angel, I didn’t even know I had a middle name!
Sex – Female
Place of birth – Manchester
Date of Birth - 20 April 1993
Name of father – William Alexander James
Name of Mother – Laurie Lynn James
Oh My God! What the? I stared and stared at those three words. It couldn’t be true. It should say Karen James. My mother’s name was Karen.
Eva sat beside me on the bed, and she and Daniel gazed at me with concern.
‘You were right, I have a different mother,’ I said trying to contain the swirling emotions. ‘Did you read this before you called us?’ I asked.
‘I wouldn’t have known what it was without opening it,’ she said nodding. ‘I’m sorry if it’s a shock, but at least we can appease Sebastian, and give him another little project to work on.’
This was my life she was dismissing with her flippant little quips. I wanted to punch her and run from the room, from my past, from my life. Everything had changed, my whole past had changed. My father had lied to me my whole life, my mum was not my mother, and it was all Eva’s fault! She had to push and push, and push until she ruined everything! I felt myself tense as if preparing for a fight. 
‘Eva, leave us alone a minute,’ Daniel said sharply, cutting into the vortex of my thoughts with an icy blast.
I was surprised at the tone in which he spoke to Eva and wondered if he’d get away with it. However she must have picked up on the urgency as she merely flicked her eyes from his to mine, then back again before getting up from the bed and quietly leaving the room, closing the door behind her.
Daniel turned me slightly so that I faced him and crushed his lips to mine. As I felt my anger subside he pulled back and spoke softly.
‘She is still your mother you know. Nothing can change that. She loved you and looked after you. She’ll always be your mother. A piece of paper cannot change that.’ My eyes blurred as his words sank in and I nodded thankfully. ‘It just means your genetic heritage is different, and hopefully we can find out where your new abilities come from,’ he added thoughtfully, as I nodded again, still unable to talk.
‘Now, if you think you can carry on for a bit, I have a feeling there is more to find.  I don’t know about you, but to me, Laurie Lynn doesn’t sound like a British name, especially a nineteen sixties British name!’ he said smiling at me.
‘No! It’s SO not British. It’s more like ‘Laahrie Lynn,’ I said in an American drawl, somehow managing to push my tumult of emotions away again and smile through the tears.
‘Right! Just what I was thinking. So if she was American she must have been married to your father, because she has his name, James. We need to find out her maiden name and what happened to her. Have you ever heard your dad mention a woman named Laurie?’ He asked.
‘No, never.’ I closed my eyes and screwed them up in the hopes that I’d remember something, but nothing came. I shook my head.
‘OK, well now we need their marriage certificate to trace her identity; and I think the loft is the best place to look.’ I nodded again. I just couldn’t think of anything sensible to say, as my mind was a blank.
‘Look, don’t worry, I’ll go up there. I think it’s all a bit much for you. Why don’t you go back down to the lounge? Take this bag and get any odd things you want to keep. You won’t be able to come back Jessica,’ he said softly, handing me a scrunched up supermarket bag he had in his back pocket. ‘So it won’t matter if you just take a few small things, and a couple of photos out of the albums. You could have taken them when you went to university, so it won’t look out of place.’
He led me out of Dad’s room, after I’d quickly grabbed the small photo frame from the bedside table of Mum, Dad and me on holiday in Greece when I was ten. I stalled outside my bedroom, wondering whether to go in or not. I badly wanted to and knew there’d be loads of stuff I’d want, but I hung back, knowing the trauma it would cause to my fragile emotions. As I dithered, the door burst open and Eva came out, a cardboard box in her arms. I looked at her, shocked, but she smiled warmly at me, my earlier misdemeanour forgotten.
‘Jess, I thought it might make things worse if you went in there, so I went to see if I could find anything, and I found this.’ She jiggled the rather heavy-looking box in her arms effortlessly. It had ‘Jessie’ written on the side in my dad’s handwriting. ‘It’s all the stuff he brought home from your university flat. I guessed that would probably be the stuff you’d want anyway, so I’ll put it in the car and you can look through it later,’ she said. I smiled at her, thankful that she’d done the hardest task for me.
‘Eva? You haven’t edited it, have you? I mean removed anything you think I might find too upsetting?’ I asked, smiling and raising an eyebrow.
‘No, I wouldn’t dare! After all I wouldn’t want you to punch me, would I?’ she said grinning. Ooops! How did she know about that? Honestly couldn’t a girl have any privacy? Before I could stammer out a reply she’d gone, whisking away the box, down the stairs and out of the front door.
Whilst this exchange had been going on, Daniel had been pulling the loft ladder out and had disappeared up it, into the attic. I heard him pulling a box along the floor above me and his feet appeared through the hole, quickly followed by the rest of him, carrying a large cardboard box.
‘Apart from the Christmas decorations right at the entrance hole, and a box of children’s toys, this was the only other box up there. As it was hidden in the far corner of the attic, I’m pretty sure this is what we are looking for,’ he said.
I stepped towards him, drawn by the secrets the box may hold. It looked old, that’s for sure, and it was taped up securely, but it had nothing written on it.
‘We’re not opening it now, Jess,’ he said. He seemed to know instinctively not to call me Jessie in my dad’s house. It just wouldn’t feel right.
‘Come on, let’s find you some photos,’ he added, walking past me with the mysterious box, and down the stairs.
He handed the box to Eva, who in turn took it out to the car to put with the other one, and then he steered me back into the living room. 
‘Daniel, I was wondering, do you think I could take both of the full albums? I mean, apart from dad and me we had no other close family. His parents are both dead and after my mum died we didn’t see her family again. They live down south somewhere,’ I shrugged, and carried on. ‘The only person I know of who might come and sort out our things is dad’s older sister, my Auntie Joan, but she lives up in Newcastle and I haven’t seen her in about five years. She, and no-one else for that matter, would be concerned if the family albums disappeared. No-one would look for them, and if they did it’s plausible that in his grief he threw them away. Please Daniel, it’s all I have left of my family,’ I said, feeling my throat constricting and my eyes blur with more tears.
Daniel stood quietly, watching me thoughtfully, before taking two quick steps over to the bookcase and swiftly lifting the albums down. He shuffled the remaining books along the shelf to fill in the gaps and giving me a quick smile, inclined his head to the doorway.
‘Let’s get out of here and get you home.’ I smiled at him, relieved I didn’t have to start going through them to choose the photos I liked best, and instead held my arms out for them.
‘Not today, you’re not ready. Don’t worry. I’ll keep them safe for you,’ he said, shaking his head. ‘Come on,’ and he left me standing in the middle of the room, alone.
‘Daniel?’ I called him back and he popped his head back round the door.
‘Yes?’
‘You go. I’ll be with you in two minutes, I promise. I just want to say goodbye,’ I said, hoping he would understand.
He nodded and disappeared again, calling to Eva as he went. A second later I heard muted whispers and then the front door closed quietly. 
Alone in my house, it suddenly felt cold and still. I looked around, but after seeing the bottle-laden waste bin once more, I realised this was not the place where I could find my dad. I went back upstairs to his room and sat on his side of the bed. There was a half-full glass of water still sitting by the bed, along with his reading glasses and a packet of paracetamol.
Looking around I picked up his pillow, inhaling deeply. Instantly, I was thrown back into the swirling pot of my memories, so I closed my eyes to stop the tears welling and lay down, curling up on his duvet, my head on his pillow. ‘Oh Dad, I wish I’d seen you one last time,’ I whispered.
Knowing I didn’t have long, I slowly uncurled and lay back, looking up at the faded ceiling. 
‘Why didn’t you tell me? Why did you hide her from me? It wouldn’t have mattered. I’ll always love mum. I wish you’d told me.’ I sighed again, wishing I could hear an answer, but all was silent. I had to go. They wouldn’t wait long; it wouldn’t be safe.
Getting up from the bed I took a final look around, I scrubbed the tears from my eyes. I needed to toughen up.
‘Love you,’ I whispered one last time. Before I went downstairs, I walked towards my bedroom. I opened the door and took one step into the empty room. The posters were still on the walls, the photos of Luke and Mum beside my bed, the jammed bookshelves and the grown-out-of games peeping out from under my neatly-made bed. My old battered Ted was sitting on the pillow looking at me beseechingly, so I quickly crossed the room and grabbed him. Holding him in a tight embrace, I fled from the room and its memories, raced down the stairs as if the dogs from hell were on my heels, took a final glance around the empty house and rushed through the door.
Chapter Ten

That night I sat on my bed looking round my room. Having the possessions from my old life reinstated had actually had the opposite effect to what I’d expected. I should have felt comforted, but after unpacking only two items, the photo of my mum and a teddy bear Luke had bought me at Alton Towers, I closed the box and moved it into the corner of my room. Then with a sad and slightly guilty smile, I picked up the teddy bear and took it back to its hiding place, in the box. 
Putting the photo of Mum on the bedside table, I added the photo of all three of us, which I’d taken from Dad’s bedroom. I then picked up Old Ted, whom I’d rescued from my bed and curled up, wriggling down under the duvet. I sniffed his old threadbare, fuzzy head and closed my eyes as I smelled faint traces of my mother’s perfume. I’d sprayed it liberally all over him, when my mother had died the year before and I needed to feel her near me. I hadn’t been able to smell it at all for the past six months and had considered buying another bottle; but now I smiled, thankful for my new and improved senses.
Tossing and turning, I was unable to settle. My eyes kept wandering to the bedside table, scanning the photos of my family and knowing something was missing. Eventually I sighed and rolled over, got out of bed and walked back over to the box. I opened it and rummaged through until I found what I was looking for, another photo in a small silver frame. I walked back over to my bed, sat down and looked at the photo in my hands. Luke. 
His dark blonde hair was rumpled and a bit shiny from sun tan lotion. He smiled up at me, his bare shoulders looking a bit too pink from the sun. What was it with men and sun cream? I smiled grimly as I realised I certainly wouldn’t have this problem ever again. I doubted sun block would do much to stop me from frying to a crisp. If I ever went anywhere hot again I’d be jumping from shadow to shadow.
 Placing his photo next to the other two, I settled back down on the bed. Unusually, I wasn’t tired. That was a first and I wondered if it had something to do with my recent diet. I still couldn’t get my head around the idea of drinking blood, but my body had very different ideas and at the mere thought of it, a craving for more, and a craving for Daniel rose unexpectedly as my fangs began to run out and saliva pooled in my mouth. 
I pushed the thoughts away, happy to feel the disgust creep back in and I turned back to stare at the photo of Luke, sure that the sight of him would quell the blood lust within. Unfortunately, it had a rather different effect and at the sight of him with his sunburnt shoulders, my fangs ran the whole way out and the nerves in my body tingled. I looked closer at the photo and I could make out a thick artery running down the side of his neck, and across his broad naked shoulders. Luke liked working out, and now I could fully appreciate the way his muscles popped out and brought his veins to the fore. I imagined kissing him, nuzzling into his neck and…. Dammit no! 
Closing my eyes I could smell the scent I knew so well, his scent. My ridiculously slow heartbeat had picked up slightly and I ran my tongue over the scarily sharp points of my fangs. I let out a long sigh and opened my eyes again, rolling onto my back and staring at the ceiling. Maybe Daniel and Eva were right, maybe I would kill Luke without a second thought. Was I a monster? A murderer? Or as Eva thought, an elevated being? A single tear formed in my eye, threatening to fall, but I blinked it back and frowned. I was fed up of crying. I was done with the tears.
As I lay there, I watched as my door swung open and Daniel’s head popped round. He looked at me curled up on the bed, then his eyes moved up slightly and took in the photos on my bedside table, before returning to my face.
‘Hullo you! I’ve brought my iPod up,’ he said, brandishing his shiny new iPod. ‘I’ve finally got around to loading some music onto it.’
‘Daniel, I want to be alone right now,’ I said, the sight of him exacerbating my confusion. I mean, seeing Luke’s photo made me realise two things - that I wanted to see Luke more than ever, but also that unfortunately I kind of wanted to bite him too!
However, I looked at Daniel again and I knew my feelings for him were rapidly growing. Of course the bonus with Daniel was that I could be with him without the threat of killing him. Definitely a plus point!
All this was whirling around in my brain as Daniel simply shook his head at me, smiled and taking the iPod, plugged it into some portable speakers which I hadn’t even noticed before.
‘You think too much, that’s your problem Jessie.’ 
Now, calling me ‘Jessie’ really didn’t help. It made me smile, comforted me. He came over to my bed and I sat up quickly. I felt unsure about whether I was ready to jump back into our burgeoning romance, but yet again he seemed to intuitively understand. He bounced down next to me like a schoolboy, and flopped onto his back, putting his hands behind his head and crossing his long legs. As the music kicked in, he closed his eyes and I frowned slightly at his choice.
OK! So in his car he listened to modern and very cool pop rock stuff, some of which I loved, and I’d recently seen one of the bands in concert, but this was so not cool. My mum listened to this jazz stuff. It was not me!
‘Jessie, I think it’s about time we widened your musical range a little. It’s all very well that you enjoy your favourite bands, but the likelihood is that unless they make friends with one of us guys, you are going to outlive them by a very long time; and believe me, listening to the same albums for a hundred years gets very boring,’ he said nudging me playfully. I lay back next to him, mirroring his position with my hands behind my head and resigned myself to a lecture on jazz.
Actually, it wasn’t half bad and by the time the fourth track started playing I was hooked, my pulse had slowed back to its ‘almost dead’ rhythm, and a secret smile played on my lips. I sneaked a look at Daniel out of the corner of my eye and took in his beautiful, calm face. He looked like an angel, with a perfect beauty, his longish dark waves playing round his face; his eyes closed. My dark angel with a wicked bite! I smiled.
I let my worries drift away and my confusion disperse into nothingness. When ‘All at Sea’ came on, I was in another place and as I listened, the words took on a significant meaning, sinking in slowly. I was all at sea and yearned to forget my roots, just for a day. Sometime after midnight I must have drifted off, and for the first time in days I wasn’t woken with nightmares.

After the drama of the weekend, the next couple of days passed without incident. I began to feel strong enough to integrate my past with my future. I found myself growing closer to Daniel, but managing to keep a little distance. I needed to figure things out in my head and find a way to say goodbye to Luke, so I could move on. Luke was my past; Daniel was my future.
When I surprised Daniel at the earlier time of seven thirty, he immediately sat next to me at the kitchen table. My body yearned for him, and even though there was no visible evidence of my bite mark any longer, my eyes were constantly drawn to his neck. 
‘You’re up early?’ he asked smiling at me.
‘I know, it seems the vamp in me has finally woken up,’ I laughed, trying to keep things light.
‘Mmm, maybe my little vamp needs some food?’ he asked grinning at me, as he swiftly pulled me into his embrace, pressing his lips firmly against mine. It happened before I had a chance to protest and I fought against my desire. My fangs immediately slid out, and I swear my eyes glazed over. The animal in me was taking over and if I waited another minute, I wouldn’t have the strength to refuse him.
‘No!’ I said, maybe a little more coldly than I meant, as I pushed myself away from his grasp, and turned away from his hurt expression. ‘I’m sorry, I really am, but I have to sort my head out.’
‘There’s nothing to sort out, Jessie. You’re happy with me, you know you are. We belong together.’
‘I know Daniel. You are my future, but at night I dream of Luke standing at my window watching me. When I awake, Luke’s face peers at me from its frame, and it’s made me realise that however much I want you, I’m still in love with Luke,’ I finished quietly, not wanting to meet his eyes, which were swiftly darkening.
‘I understand, but I can help you with that. I can help you forget him, though the photo by your bed probably isn’t the best idea.’
‘But I don’t want to forget him. I don’t want him to mean nothing to me. I grew up with him, I waited four years for his kiss, he was my soul mate, is my soul mate.’ I stressed, my voice heightening with frustration.
‘You’re mistaken. He was just a teenage crush. You know you can’t see him again. There’s no point.’ His voice was non-negotiable, but I had other plans.
‘I need to say goodbye Daniel, and before you interrupt me I don’t mean to his face. I just mean try to find a way to make my peace, so I can move on.’
‘Promise me you are not going to try and find him?’ Daniel asked, looking at me intently.
‘I’m not going to find Luke, OK! But I want to go to my father’s funeral,’ I said. ‘If he has one.’ The sharpness leaving my voice as I became suddenly unsure of what would happen to my dad, considering we had no family nearby.
 ‘Daniel, I do want to be with you. My body craves you, but if you want me to be happy for the next hundred years or so, I have to do this my way.’
‘Fine.’ he said, getting up from his chair and leaving the room.

The funeral was to be on Friday, the day before my birthday party had been due to take place, and after having a week of quiet contemplation and secret planning, I was ready to say goodbye my way, to my dad on Friday, and this was the secret part, to Luke on Saturday. I had to keep Daniel from getting in my head and reading my thoughts. He couldn’t know of my plan for Saturday, because he’d definitely deem it too risky. I was going to keep my promise to him. I wasn’t going to find Luke, but I needed to do this my way, on my own.
In the meantime I had to get through Friday. Daniel had found out that my auntie had come down from Newcastle to sort out the funeral and estate, and due to her only finding a handful of friends she had decided to hold a very simple cremation ceremony, nothing more. 
I couldn’t attend the ceremony for obvious reasons, but Daniel and Eva had both agreed to take me to the crematorium, and stay with me in the shadow of the trees, where I could see his ashes being scattered in the Garden of Rest. I knew this was my chance to prove to them my newfound control.
We arrived at the crematorium a little early, and from the shadow of the trees I was able to watch as the hearse slowly pulled into the drive in front of the building. It was followed by another black car, from which my aunt and uncle stepped, before greeting the small gathering of people, and entering the chapel. I watched, frozen, as the coffin holding my father was gently lifted from the car and carried inside. Then all went quiet, and I was left to my thoughts.
‘Where’s Eva going?’ I asked suddenly, as I realised I’d been so deep in thought that I hadn’t heard any of their muted conversation.
‘She’s going to speak to one of the staff and find out which plot number your aunt has bought, so we can get within a good distance for you. Are you alright, Jessie?’ he said, pulling me into a warm embrace - something I’d sorely missed over the last couple of days.
‘Yes, I think so. I wish I could have seen him to say goodbye, but I guess I can do that when everyone goes home.’
‘You can.’
We stayed silent and motionless, and feeling the comfort of his arms around me, I allowed myself to give in to the memories of my childhood. My father was a man who’d given everything to me as a child, and lost everything as I grew into an adult. My eyes burned and as my emotions threatened to spill out, I felt Daniel turn me round to face him, so I could bury my face in his chest. Seconds later, Eva reappeared.
‘She’s not bought a plot here. The ceremony is being held here, but the ashes are being taken to your grave, Jess. We should have thought of that.’
‘Right, let’s get Jessie home and we can go and visit the grave tonight, if you’re up to it?’ Daniel said, turning to me. ‘There’s no point in going now Jess, as you won’t be able to get close until they’ve all left.’
I stared ahead, unwilling to leave the place where my father was and drawn to the tiny remains of what family I had left. 
‘Come on,’ Eva said gently, touching my elbow and steering me zombie-like out of the trees and back towards the car park. Halfway across the lawn I froze and seeing the reason immediately, Eva and Daniel turned and stood in front of me, blocking my view and holding me to them. To any onlooker, it would have looked like a girl breaking down with grief, being comforted by her companions, but it felt completely different. Their arms were like steel ropes binding me as my blood simmered, my ears straining to listen to what my eyes could no longer see.
‘I told you it started at two-thirty, not three,’ the girl’s voice said.
‘I said I’m sorry, didn’t I? Come on, I bet they’ve only just gone in.’ His voice shot through me like electric currents. I felt the hairs on my body stand up and my muscles tense, but the iron bindings held me still.
‘I’m sorry, Luke. It’s just so hard. I’d never been to a funeral a month ago and now I’ve been to two.’ Alex’s voice sounded soft and broken. I longed to see her.
‘Daniel, let me see,’ I said.
‘No, it will be too much for you. We don’t know how strong you are yet, and Eva and I don’t want to test it here. We may not be able to hold you back.’
‘I don’t want to kill her, I just want to see her,’ I whispered.
‘It’s not her I’m worried about.’
I gave him a little shove and stretched on tiptoe to see just over the top of their shoulders, as they held me even tighter. 
They both looked thinner than I remembered, and were wearing sombre black suits I’d never seen before. I wondered briefly if they’d been bought for my funeral. Luke turned slightly and I saw his face. He was paler than I remembered and there were hollows under his eyes. He looked older and the carefree boyish quality had gone. He was a man now. 
As my exceptional eyesight zoomed in I noticed more, that the cold February wind had stung his cheeks, making them glow, inviting and pink. Alex’s were glowing too, but they didn’t draw me in the same. I felt my head pound as I was torn between love and lust - bloodlust. As I stared, I’d swear he paused a second, his step faltering as his eyes flicked in my direction.
‘Shhhhh,’ Daniel purred in my ear, with a low rumble more like a lion than a kitten. ‘Jessie, you’re doing really well.’
I relaxed a tiny bit and lowered myself behind their wall, averting my eyes and looking up at Daniel. His beautiful face drew me in and I let his calming emotions wash over me. I closed my eyes, opened my barriers and let him in. He became a thick fog in my mind, making me forget them both. All I saw was Daniel. All I felt was our connection. I felt Eva release her hold on me and I opened my eyes to see her stand back a step, as Daniel bent down towards me. He gently held my face and crooned, 
‘Jessie, Jessie,’ before his lips touched mine in the gentle kiss I craved. I pulled him into me and crushed my lips against his, trying to lose myself, but failing. I pulled away and the fog cleared as I looked round his shoulder to see Luke and Alex disappear into the chapel, the door closing with a sudden and unnecessary slam. 
Eva tensed, ready to pounce, expecting me to run, to chase, to kill. Daniel stepped forward and placed his cool hand on my arm, and I felt the desire, the pull, but somehow, now he was out of sight, I could control myself and I managed a weak smile.
‘Let’s go,’ I said, not wanting to ruin the plans I’d so carefully put into place.

I was curled up on my favourite couch, Daniel by my side and Eva on the opposite couch. 
‘As you know, I was planning a trip to London to see Bradley off to Texas later tonight, but maybe considering today’s events, I shouldn’t go?’ Eva said, contemplating us both.
No!  She couldn’t stay; my plan would never work.
Daniel quickly glanced my way and I wondered if he’d heard my thoughts. Damn! I quickly smiled at him and snuggled up, feeling his mental antennae probing my mind delicately. Feeling more than a little guilty I blanked my mind, and started purposefully thinking of the two of us enjoying a romantic evening in, alone, letting him think my plans were for nothing more than re-igniting our relationship. After all, it wasn’t a total lie, and after the events of the afternoon I realised that even though my feelings for Luke were as strong as ever, I couldn’t be trusted not to harm him. I remembered as I watched him walk away with Alex’s arm linked in his, the feeling of jealousy and possessiveness that surged through my body. Luke was mine. I wanted him, but I couldn’t have him. I didn’t trust the intensity of my feelings for him. They definitely had a darker quality to them now.
I knew I belonged with Daniel, certainly for the time being, and I felt happier and calmer when I was with him. I looked up, smiling innocently and he nodded very slightly as if understanding my feelings and looked back to Eva.
‘Eva, I think Jessie will be just fine here with me tonight, and I’m sure she’ll be perfectly fine going with me to the grave tonight. There’ll be no threat,’ he said.
‘Hmm, I’m not sure. If it upsets her, we don‘t know how she’ll react. You can’t control her Dan,’ she said, looking at me with an intensity that seemed to see right through me. Could she read me too? 
‘Look, Eva, you should go. After today I’ve decided that there’s no rush for visiting the grave. It was hard seeing Luke today,’ OK, slight understatement, ‘and I think it would do me good to stay in tonight. I can wait till you’re back from London, if you like?’ I said, trying to look tired, but resolute.
Her eyebrows shot up, questioning my motives, but thankfully, as I snuggled closer to Daniel and he smiled back, she seemed to be as taken in by my excuse as he was. 
‘OK, I did want to go to London, there’s something I wanted to pick up, but I’ll be back on Monday and we can go to the cemetery then, if you like.’ She smiled at me before turning to Daniel and adding, ‘Daniel, you should get Jess to practice some telekinesis this weekend, while her emotions are still fresh.’
‘That’ll be fun,’ I said, unable to keep the sarcasm from my voice.
‘Well, make it fun, because the sooner you can control it and make yourself useful, the sooner Sebastian will give you some freedom.’
Hmm, she had a point!
Chapter Eleven

Once Eva had left for London I began to put my plan into action. All I wanted was some ‘alone time’, some time to be myself and say goodbye to my past, and the future I’d never have. I fully intended to keep my promise and even with the renewed vision of Luke fresh in my memory, seeing him again was not my intention. Although it would be nice!
I removed the photo of Luke from my bedside table, but instead of putting it back in the now almost empty box, I took it over to the crammed bookshelf in the far corner of my room and placed him on a high shelf. It was somewhere I could see him if I sought him out, but where he wouldn’t be the first thing I saw when I opened my eyes. I moved other Luke themed knick-knacks to similar locations; but I remained resolute. I didn’t want to forget my past, I just wanted to move on, but it was hard. It was so, so hard. I stood staring at all the memories of Luke, refusing to let the emotion escape, biting my lower lip, until my attention was drawn to the window by a soft fluttering noise. 
I started to walk towards the window, but as always when I’m in pain, Daniel’s head popped round my door and his slim, toned jeans-clad body followed a second later.
‘Come here,’ he said gruffly, as he sat on my bed and beckoned me over with his finger.
I went to him gladly and he pulled me over him, so that we lay side by side on the bed.
‘You’re doing the right thing Jessie,’ he said.
‘I know.’
He pulled me into him and I let him kiss me. Boy, did he know how to kiss! His lips pressed against mine insistently; his hand cupped underneath my head holding me tight. His tongue darted into my mouth, causing electric pulses to shoot down my spine. Initially his eyes remained open, smouldering with passion and need as we tasted each other. 
A few minutes later I was panting between his kisses, heat coursing through me and setting me alight. Images of Daniel pressing himself against me mingled with images of Luke, and my fangs broke out, putting a stop to the kissing.
‘Jessie, I want you to bite me,’ he invited, straining his head away from me so I could see the muscles in his neck, taut, hard.
‘No, not tonight. I’m not ready,’ I said, knowing that there’d be no phone call to interrupt us this time, and knowing the consequences that tasting his blood would lead too. I was not ready to go down that path. I wouldn’t be able to resist.
Disappointment flashed across his features as he gazed broodingly into my eyes, searching for a reason. I knew he thought it was because I wanted Luke, but when he realised I was telling the truth, that I simply wasn’t ready, he smiled and leaned forward to kiss me again. This time he was gentle and tender.
‘I guess I haven’t fully converted you, have I?’ he said, with a grin.
‘Um, what do you mean?’ I said, piqued, thinking he was implying that I wasn’t a fully-fledged vampire, because I wouldn’t jump into bed with him.
‘The music?’
‘Oh! Well, actually it’s perfectly suitable for the job I was doing before you came in.’ I smiled again, privately thinking that the pounding rock music playing in my room perfectly suited my increased heart rate and passionate tangle of emotions.
‘Right, well, I’ll leave you to your rock bands, but you need to feed Jessie; you’re starting to look pale again.’
‘OK, I’ll be down in a bit. I want to watch those DVDs that Eva bought me. Alex and I used to watch the re-runs at uni all the time.’

Sometime in the early hours of the morning, feeling confident I’d be able to put my plan into action later that day, I went to bed. Sleep found me easily, but the dreams were back and Luke’s face haunted me, pale and drawn. In one dream I was walking up the aisle towards my groom, but when he lifted my veil his face froze in fear. My eyes were his eyes, and I watched from his perspective, smiling at him until suddenly my teeth started crumbling and falling out of my mouth, leaving nothing but two fearsome-looking fangs. 
I awoke and felt the impossible - beads of cold sweat had formed on my forehead. Vampires didn’t sweat; this was impossible. Was I dreaming again? I turned over and slipped into another dream. 
I was curled in Daniel’s arms - my protector. I felt safe, happy. I upturned my face to be kissed and his showed disgust. Shock blasted through me as his face morphed into Luke’s, full of betrayal, revulsion and hatred.
Another, a snapshot this time. I watched Alex walk past me. I called to her but she walked straight past, smiling at someone. I watched as she ran up to a man and he wrapped his arms round her. As they turned back to face me I saw his face; it was Luke.
Yet another! Luke is across the road from me, waving to me. I start running toward him, but hands grab me from behind. Iron hard, cold hands hold me back and Luke is shouting at me, and I at him. 
Suddenly I awoke and felt an icy dread steal across my soul. Something foreboding, but I didn’t know what. I looked to the window and saw dawn creeping round the curtains. I gave in, tied my hair back and got up. Today is going to be a new beginning. I’m determined, I told myself. A few silly dreams were not going to spoil my carefully laid plans, and so I went downstairs and waited for Daniel to unconsciously initiate things.
Eventually, sometime around ten, he said ‘Jess, I need to see Sebastian today at the club. We have a lunchtime meeting. Eva’s not keen on the idea of you being left here, so I’m afraid you’ll have to come with me.’
‘OK, that’s fine, but he’s not going to want me hanging around is he, or maybe he will?’ I said, with a contrived wink.
‘What are you getting at Jess?’ Daniel said.
‘Oh, probably nothing, but you know how I’m not comfortable around him. I’m bound to wind him up with something I say, but I think he really liked the taste of my blood, didn’t he?’ I said innocently, knowing exactly where to throw my punches. ‘And I know you don’t want me getting into trouble with him, especially as I still haven’t controlled this telekinesis thing yet. So what I thought was maybe I could come into town with you, and when you’re with Sebastian I could do some shopping. I really, really need some new jeans.’ I threw in my deal-breaker and smiled a wide, innocent and totally disarming smile. The one I’d perfected on my father throughout my entire teens. 
‘I’m not sure, Jessie. I know you don’t necessarily act like it most of the time, but you are a vampire; and a new one at that. What if you went on an accidental killing spree?’ he said with a smile.
‘You know I won’t. You know I’m not capable of it. Eva tested me in that club. I was surrounded by hot sweaty bodies and I didn’t bite a single one. She thought I’d pounce at Luke and Alex yesterday, but I didn’t, did I? I didn’t even try. Come on, you know I can do this. Pleeese?’ I stepped up to him and put my arms around his neck, closing the gap between us and whispered, ‘You wouldn’t want Sebastian to get his hands on me now, would you?’
Daniel sighed, grinned and I knew I’d won. He kissed me quickly and pushed me away gently.
‘There’s one condition,’ he said, leaning nonchalantly against the table.
‘Go on.’
‘You have to feed again before we go out. At least that way, I’ll know you won’t be hungry.’
‘OK.’
‘Feed properly,’ he clarified.
‘Oh!’
The scent of his fresh blood assaulted my senses and it took all my control not to crouch down and spring the short distance to him.  Instead, I seemed to fly into his waiting arms and he effortlessly scooped me up and cradled me like an infant. He carried me through to the lounge and sat down on the sofa with me on his lap and I was lost to him, to the amazing aroma that swirled around me and drew me in.
I was determined to hold myself back, retain some dignity, but it was hard, so very hard. He sighed and moaned and began to caress my body through my clothes. He ran his hand up and down my still pyjama-clad thigh, his other hand massaging the back of my head, whilst holding me so tightly to his neck that I couldn’t pull away even if I wanted to. I actually wanted to rip the shirt from his body and bite my way down his chest, which I remembered vividly to be sensuously smooth and firm.  I ran my hand over that chest, feeling the delicious hard contours and something in me began to take over and lose the control I was fighting so hard for. 
Daniel gently pushed me back with a long sigh.
‘Jessie, Jessie, sweet Jessie.’
I rolled off him, and letting my long hair swing forward, I surreptitiously licked my lips, tasting the last drops of pure deliciousness that lingered on my tongue.
‘Well, that has brought some colour back into your cheeks,’ he said, gently holding the curtain of hair back from my face and smiling at my rising blush.
‘You should get dressed before I give in to temptation and utterly ravish you, which I really don’t want to do this minute, seeing as we need to be at Sebastian’s in an hour and a half..... and because I know you’re going to be worth the wait,’ he said, getting up from the sofa, and with a wry smile, pulling his jeans into a more comfortable position.
‘OK, I won’t be long.’
‘We need to leave in thirty minutes, as I want to check how you’re dealing with the public, en masse so to speak, before I head off to the club. Oh, and we’ll need to get you some money too.’

We parked in a multi-storey car park in the centre of town, and after a brief stop at a cash machine, he led me straight to the main indoor shopping centre. As we entered through the double doors, the scent hit me and sent my senses whirling like a tornado. It wasn’t painful, and it was definitely easier than being in the sweaty crush at the bar. Instead it was seductive. It was as if I’d entered a Swiss chocolate factory with warm chocolaty aromas swirling all around me, tempting me and making my saliva glands go into overdrive. My mouth filled with saliva and I could feel the sharp points of my new teeth protruding slightly and pressing against my top lip; I would have to be careful not to smile for a while. 
As different people walked past me I got wafts of slightly different scents, some sweeter, some darker, some definitely more appealing than others. I noticed that the appeal of the scent had nothing to do with the sexual appeal of the person, as the sweetest, most delicious aroma I smelled came from a girl about my age, who flicked her hair as she strutted past me, trying to catch Daniel’s eye.
I looked at Daniel, sure he must have clocked her, sure he must secretly want her, but he just smiled, carefully monitoring my reactions, standing close enough to grab me if necessary.
‘Don’t you want her, Daniel? I mean her smell, it’s divine, and she’s pretty too,’ I said, jealousy bubbling in the pit of my stomach, but interested all the same.
‘Not really my type. Your tastes change as you age, just like when you’re human, and currently I’m very much into a rare dark, sensuous blood type that is somewhat hard to get hold of.’
‘Oh!’ I said, sensing a small disappointment somewhere deep inside.
‘I know of only one single source, and as it turns out she is half vampire, half witch,’ he said grinning and pulling me into his arms for a quick kiss.
I giggled like a love struck teen - well, I suppose I was a love struck teen, but it felt like I’d grown up so suddenly I’d skipped a decade.
‘Right. Well, I can see you’re coping fine, so I’m hoping you’re not going to let me down. You really don’t want to end up in one of Sebastian’s cells,’ he said, as I grinned, my smile fading a little as he handed me a wad of notes.
‘What? I don’t need all this!’ I said feeling somewhat guilty at his sudden generosity and kindness. He trusted me and I was going to break his trust.
‘You’re not going to break my trust, Jessie. You’ll be just fine. I know you will,’ Damn it! Stay out of my head Daniel!
He grinned and gave my arm a squeeze.
‘I’ll meet you back at the car at two, OK?’ he said, as I nodded, unable to speak for fear I’d say something to give away my plan. I desperately didn’t want to break his trust, he’d given it so willingly, but I needed to do this. I needed this time alone, and I knew that even though he was willing to leave me alone shopping, he’d never have considered letting me go where I was now planning, and on my own.
I’d initially planned to head straight for the bus station, but after our time spent together and our renewed closeness, I simply couldn’t leave without a clue to my whereabouts. It was unthinkable, so as soon as he was out of sight, I retraced my steps back to the car park and scribbled out a quick note.
Daniel, 
Sorry, but I had to do this alone, so that we can be together in the future. Today was supposed to be my eighteenth birthday party and I have to say goodbye to that life my way. I’m keeping my promise to you. I’m NOT going to find Luke. I want to be with you. I’ll come back to you.
Jessie xx
I stuck the note to his windscreen and headed straight for the bus station with a sigh. I didn’t have long, as in an hour and a half Daniel would be heading back to his car, and after reading the note he’d come after me. I had two places to go, but they were in the same town, my hometown in the suburbs. I figured he’d check the graveyard first, so that would be my first stop, so I’d be gone before he arrived.
Luckily there was a bus just pulling out as I arrived, which meant I didn’t have to spend Daniel’s money on a taxi. I hailed it and jumped on, with a grace that even made the driver glance up at me with interest. After handing him a ten pound note and waiting for the change, I went to sit down in the emptiest part of the bus. 
Forty five minutes later I jumped off again, glad to breathe in the fresh, cold air. A hot bus was not a good place for a newborn vampire to sit and wait, mulling things over in her head, trying to avoid the enticing aromas surrounding her. I stopped briefly by the roadside and let the nostalgic memories engulf me. Whichever way I looked, I was met with a familiar sight. 
I’d left the bus a couple of stops earlier than I would have done for home, because it was nearer the church, my first port of call. So I turned to my right and swiftly walked towards the old chapel and the dark woody cemetery behind it.
Passing through the chapel grounds, I wound my way along a gravel path that cut between the ancient tombs, which broke through the surface of the ground like the cracked and diseased teeth of a prehistoric man. After following the path around the side of the church, I went through a small wooden gate into the new graveyard and looked around me at the people-free landscape. To the side of the cemetery ran a long, thin tarmaced road edged with old oak trees, and following this down I could see the modern estate of new build houses, huddled in a lonely-looking cluster. A cold wind whistled around me, but after my recent meal it didn’t bother me, and I felt peaceful.
I wasn’t sure where to start looking for my grave, and consequently my father’s resting place, but I decided a good place to start would be the site of my mother’s. I recalled that when she’d died, my father had also bought the adjacent plot, for himself, but I now wondered if he’d given it to me.
It only took me a minute to find my mother’s grave, as I’d visited it several times in the last year, once to tell her my A-Level results, and again when Luke had finally kissed me. She adored Luke, and I knew she’d be happy for me. However, as I reached it my eyes were instantly drawn past her grave to the next one.
The headstone was new, shiny, pale marble with gold inlaid writing in swirling loops. The grass that had been planted in front had still not woven itself back into the outer area.  The entire plot was covered with flowers, roses still in their wrapping, huge mixed bunches wrapped in paper, a small bunch of freesias in a little vase balanced precariously against the stone, and my favourite – someone had planted a neat row of white winter pansies, their faces smiling up at the sky.
I looked up from the mass of flowers and read the words, as tears began to fall silently, streaming down my cheeks unchecked.

Sacred to the memory of
A darling daughter
Jessica Angel James
Needlessly taken from us
January 29th 2009
Aged 17

Time seemed to stand still, but eventually I pulled myself together. I had to find my father. I hadn’t come to find my grave; I’d come to find his. My eyes scoured the site until they came to rest on a small and beautifully polished wooden box, resting next to the headstone. Slotted down the side was a simple greetings card. I picked it up and read,
My lost brother,
Be at peace now.
You’re with the ones you love.
Your loving sister,
Grace.
I replaced the card gently and picked up the box carefully. I took a deep breath, and opened it. Sighing deeply, my eyes took in the grey dust as I realised I had my father in my hands. Surprisingly it was not in the slightest bit scary. I knew what I had to do, and quickly glancing around to check no-one was there, I carried him a step to the left, over to my mother’s grave.
‘Here, Dad. You need to be with Mum now. I’m sure you realise this by now, but well, I’m not dead after all, so there’s no point in you sitting on my grave. I wish I could have seen you, told you, but maybe you would have freaked out. Maybe it’s best this way after all, but I promise I’ll try not to fail you.’ I paused for breath and carried on, the words flowing faster. ‘I don’t know why you didn’t tell me about my mum, my other mum, I mean.’ I still hadn’t looked through the box from the attic - that was next on my list. ‘I guess there’s a good reason, but well, I forgive you anyway. I love you Dad.’ I finished with a whisper, my tears starting up again. 
Without hesitation, I gently tipped the box upside down over Mum’s grave, watching the dust settle in between the shoots of grass, where he’d be washed down into the soft earth, to lie with the woman he loved.
The sharp peal of a mobile ringtone interrupted my thoughts and brought me slamming back into the present. After a minutes confusion I remembered the cheap ‘pay as you go’ mobile Daniel had provided me with before we left the house, in case I needed him. I quickly replaced the wooden box in its original location and removed the phone from my pocket. 
Daniel’s name flashed up at me persistently. I looked at the time 14:05 Damn! He’d be at the car, with my note and when I didn’t answer his call he’d be on his way. I pressed the power button and waited till the phone went black and then swivelled on my heels. I had to leave. I had a last look at my parent’s graves and whispered another Goodbye, I love you, and then I left. I had one more goodbye still to make.
Chapter Twelve

Racing out of the cemetery, I became aware of a new lightness within my soul, a freedom, and with it came a new feeling of power and strength. It surged through my veins along with Daniel’s blood and I realised I was going to have to slow down, if I didn’t want to draw attention to myself. Within seconds I was standing back on the street, in front of the chapel. The dry, bright, wintry day was rapidly deteriorating and ominous grey clouds hung heavy in the sky.
Slowing to a brisk walk, I headed across the town to the cricket ground. On route, I switched on the phone again to check the time. I’d reckoned that a forty five minute bus journey would take Daniel only twenty minutes in his car. I had to get off the high street as soon as possible, because after he’d found and checked the graveyard, it wouldn’t take him long to find me. 
I guessed he’d check my father’s house after the cemetery and then he’d run through all our conversations until he remembered where I said my party was to be held. I kicked myself for mentioning it. I increased my speed to a perfectly human-like jog, negotiated the high street and cut through a cul-de-sac of smart homes which backed onto the cricket ground. 
I stopped momentarily, standing in the shade of the old English oaks which bordered the grounds, looking across the vast sea of smooth green grass toward the modern, rather uninspiring building that housed the club. To the side of the building was a car park which was virtually empty apart from two lonely cars. 
The place was desolate, empty, and I closed my eyes and imagined how it should have been bustling with life. How my friends and I would have been laughing and joking, decorating the room ready for the party. Pink and silver balloons – there was a definite girly streak within me, which rebelled against the girl who loved rock music. I’d chosen a gorgeous, girly, fuchsia pink dress for the party, and I smiled thinking how amused Alex would be if she knew what I’d become, and if I could wear that dress again - a vampire in a pretty pink dress! Somehow the image didn’t quite work.
I imagined how I might have snuck off with Luke for a secret kiss. How my dad would have enjoyed bossing people around. He’d be telling the caterers where to put the food and how to set the tables up, as if they didn’t know! I sighed and felt a need to get closer. The vast green lawn seemed too exposed, so I kept to the tree line, circling nearer to the building, my now super-human eyesight raking the area, hungrily taking in all the details of the party I’d never have.
That was when I saw him; the only other person around. I was amazed I hadn’t picked him out before, because he was sitting directly in front of the building, on a wooden bench. He could have been a statue, he was so still and silent, his pale face stone had it not been for the tears that streamed down it. I was entranced, hypnotised by his poignant beauty. He drew me in, so I silently crept forward to the edge of the trees, my day dreams forgotten.
A gust of wind suddenly blew round the edge of the building, bringing his scent to me in a sweet, intoxicating attack. The animal in me crouched, ready to pounce, and I felt all the muscles in my body contract, ready to shoot me forward in one smooth movement. He glanced up and looked in my direction. He didn’t appear to see me, but I saw him and it gave me the strength to control my desire. I stumbled back against a tree watching him. 
‘Luke, Luke,’ I whispered, watching him, taking in the stubbly cheeks I’d kissed so many times and his beautiful blue eyes, now so full of despair. I spent what seemed like ages soaking up every detail of him. His old worn jeans trailing slightly on the floor and soaking up the puddles at his feet. The navy blue waterproof coat I’d always disliked. The soft, full lips which looked pink and almost feminine, and finally his gorgeous floppy, boyish hair I loved to run my fingers through.
‘I’m here Luke, I’m here,’ I breathed, barely a whisper on the wind.
I wanted to go to him, I yearned to go to him, to hold him and be held by him. My emotions choked me and drove me to my feet again, pushing my body from the tree’s support. I would go to him.
No! I checked myself and sank to the damp, earthy floor. I would not be tempted by him. I couldn’t trust myself. Or could I? Would he recognise me? If not, would he believe me? Hell, no! He’d think I was some local crazy and get the hell out of there. Could I let him go? Would I let him go? I sat in the shade of the trees and watched and waited.

For the second time that afternoon my mobile phone interrupted my meditation, as its shocking peal reverberated around the cricket ground. Damn! I thought I switched it back off? I quickly did so and looked up towards Luke. He was staring straight at me, a frown clouding his face, as he self-consciously rubbed the tears from his face. Shit! Now it looked like I was stalking him! I took a deep breath and realised I’d got a little used to the heady aroma of his scent during the last twenty minutes and I felt myself pulled towards him. I had to know if he recognised me. If he did, well, I actually had no idea what I’d do, but if he didn’t, which was more likely, I’d walk past and away from him, say goodbye and return to Daniel.
He watched stonily as I walked towards him, checking myself on every step. Walk like a human, walk like a human, I kept repeating to myself as the urge to run, to fly to him rose within me, as each step brought me closer. Somehow I managed to hold it together and I walked right up to him and sat next to him on the bench.
His scent had a different quality to all other human scents I’d ever smelled. Somehow it was totally individual, but just as alluring. Instead of the chocolaty rich aromas I was used to, he smelled almost floral. Oh God! I wanted to bite him. Calm, calm, calm…
‘Hi,’ I said trying to ignore the delicious waves of scent that made my mouth water furiously.
‘You were watching me,’ he said, taking a quick glance at my face and frowning quickly as he looked away again, off into the distance.
‘Not really. I just came here to be alone. You were in my seat.’ I shrugged, revelling in the sound of his quiet voice, basking in his attention.
He nodded again and risked another glance. I caught his eyes and he looked momentarily confused, gave his head a little shake and looked away again.
‘What is it?’ I asked.
‘Nothing. You remind me of someone, but I’m leaving now. The bench is all yours,’ he said, as he began to stand.
My soul fought the vampire, and the vampire began to win. As he took a step away from me I felt my fangs break through, my saliva pooled and a thirsty burning sensation tingled in my throat. I can’t let him leave me. He’s mine. He just can’t go and leave me. Not now. 
‘No!’ I said, maybe a little too forcefully. He looked back at me sharply, and I tried to laugh a little to cover up the rush of emotion.
‘I mean, stay and keep me company a while.’ I gestured to the space beside me and tried to control the urge to jump up and grab him. My eyes pleaded with him and he gave a little shrug and sat back down. A minute passed and we sat silently side by side, consumed by our individual thoughts. 
A low sigh escaped his lovely lips and after another searching gaze he stood up once again.
‘I’m sorry I have to go. She’s gone. I failed her,’ He said quietly.
What did he mean? How could he have possibly failed me? He wasn’t even in Manchester that night.
‘What if she’s not gone? What if she’s still here? Like a ghost, but different?’ I asked quietly.
But I’d pushed him too far, and his face returned to stone, immovable.  He clearly thought I was a little unhinged and started backing away slightly.
‘Luke, it’s me,’ I said suddenly as all coherent thought evaporated. I wanted him to see past the dark shiny hair, the pale flawless skin and burnt chocolate eyes; to see me, the girl inside.
‘No. It’s not. Sorry. Bye.’ He stiffly turned and I watched as his body seemed to leave me in slow motion, that word resounding in my head. Bye.
No! In my head I screamed, and I jumped from my seat. I could not let him leave me. I would not. He needed to know. I needed to be with him, needed to kiss him, needed to taste him, bite him. Within a second it would have been all over. My fangs had shot right out, and once again I felt all my muscles coil themselves tightly inwards, ready to spring. My feet left the floor simultaneously as my arms reached out.
‘Jessie, no!’ Daniel’s voice rang out, and the second it took me to hesitate was all it took for him to sprint the short distance and wrap his steely arms around me. 
I fought his embrace, a wild cat within me, scratching and tearing, trying to escape, but he held tight and I watched in wild desperation as Luke slowly turned around to face me.
I expected shock and fear to flood his features. What would Daniel do? But instead I saw revulsion and disgust.
‘Did you think I didn’t know it was you, Jess?’ He spat the words out and I gaped in surprise as a tear slipped out of the corner of his eye.
‘I failed you. I was supposed to protect you from evil, and instead I delivered you right into their hands. I made a mistake, a huge one, and I’m paying for it every day I allow you to live.’ His eyes left mine for a moment to flick up to Daniel, still holding me tight.
‘What do you mean?’ I asked. ‘You were away in Dublin.’
‘No, I was on other business. I didn’t get to you in time. None of us realised your fate lay in their hands.’ His eyes once again flicked up to Daniel in a scornful stare. ‘We thought we had to protect you from yourself Jess, and as your inherited abilities were still dormant, I thought you were safe.’
‘I, I don’t understand. Protect me from myself?’ I asked as Daniel’s arms dropped to their sides. I swiftly turned my head wondering why Daniel had released me so quickly. I certainly didn’t feel like I was in control.
‘You can’t hurt him,’ Daniel said with a shrug.
‘What?’ This was getting too weird.
‘He’s not human, Jess.’
My head felt as if it was going to explode, or implode, or maybe just shatter. 
‘We have to go. Leave him,’ he added.
‘No! We can’t go. Don’t be stupid.’ I paused then turned back to Luke. ‘Luke, what’s going on? Please? Tell me?’
Luke stood and watched me for a moment, emotion flickering behind his eyes. He stood so still I wondered why I hadn’t noticed it before. His face softened for a moment before closing up again as he gently shook his head. 
‘You’re destiny was to be a powerful witch Jess. My job was to guide you to the white side, opposed to the black,’ another shrug. ‘It doesn’t matter now. You’re powers hadn’t awakened, and now they won’t get a chance. You’re not my Jessie any longer. You’re his.’ He turned his back on me and walked away without a backward glance, leaving me reeling.
‘Luke, No. Don’t do this. If you’re not human I can’t hurt you. Luke, Luke?’ I called, unable to give up.
He paused and after a cursory last glance delivered his judgment. 
‘You are a vampire Jess. You harm the very humans I strive to protect. Vampires are vermin. You are nothing to me now.’
I felt Daniel stiffen behind me and a second later he’d jumped over my shoulders and landed gracefully in front of me, in a perfect duelling stance, but Luke was gone. I blinked and looked at the spot he’d been standing in, but there was no sign of him. A sudden rush of hot angry tears escaped and coursed down my cheeks. I sank back onto the bench behind me and closed my eyes. What had I done to deserve his wrath. He was the one who’d left me dying in the alleyway. I’d thought I was hallucinating all those times I thought about seeing him in the alleyway, maybe even my bedroom window… but I’d seen him. I’d really seen him. He had left me for Daniel and Eva. A path he now said was a ‘mistake, a huge one,’ but why? 
As the shivers of emotion calmed I glanced up warily at Daniel who was standing over me and wondered if I’d lost them both. Would Daniel ever forgive me for being so stupid? 
Chapter Thirteen

‘What were you thinking Jess?’ Daniel said when we were back at the house. ‘You promised me. You promised me you wouldn’t look for him.’
‘Everything would have been fine if he hadn’t turned up. I mean I hardly left a trail of death and destruction, did I? I was even fine on the bus….what?’
‘You went on a bus?’
‘Yes and everyone survived, all I wanted was to say goodbye to my past. He wasn’t supposed to be there. I didn’t go looking for him, but don’t you think there are more important questions we should ask? Like what on earth is he, if he’s not human? How did you know he wasn’t human? Did you know he wasn’t human when we saw him at the funeral? Why didn’t you tell me?’
‘OK, one at a time Jess, and you would have known he wasn’t human if you’d stopped for a minute.’
‘What do you mean?’ I asked.
‘His scent, they don’t smell the same. Please don’t tell me you didn’t notice?’
‘Of course I noticed. He smelled of my Issey Miyake perfume...’
‘You’re what?’
‘Flowers. He smelled of flowers, but you said I should expect him to smell different because I loved him. You said he’d smell irresistible.’ I said shrugging.
‘Yes, but I didn’t mean completely different, Jess.’
‘Look, I’m sorry, but I’ve known him for four years and I always thought he was human. He sure looks human. So what is he? You still haven’t told me.’ 
‘He’s an angel,’ Daniel said quietly.
He looked so sincere and genuine that the laughter threatening to explode from me suddenly evaporated.
‘An angel? Right…’
‘Yes. We cross paths occasionally.’
‘What? You’ve crossed paths with Luke?’ I interrupted.
‘No, not Luke. Although Eva and I knew an angel had been with you the night you died. We could smell him, but he’d gone by the time we got to you. We didn’t understand why,’ he said with a shrug.
‘So he was with me? I thought so.’
‘It seems likely. He could have helped you Jess.’
‘What? He could have saved me and he didn’t? Why wouldn’t he? You probably chased him off,’ I said looking up at him accusingly.
‘We didn’t even see him. He left you for us. We don’t know why. I’m sorry Jessie. I’m sorry you have to hear this, but he was right. He failed you. You belong with me now.’ 
‘But he said he was with me because of my witch blood. To guide me, and now I’m a witch,’ I said, confused.
‘He obviously thinks your potential power died with your human body. He thinks you’re one of us. You are one of us, but it was obviously your human death that triggered the onset of your witch blood.’
It was too much. All I wanted was some normality.
‘Can we go home? I can’t cope with this now,’ I said. ‘I feel sick.’
‘You feel sick?’ he asked, his eyebrows shooting so high on his head they disappeared into his hair.
‘Yes Daniel. I. FEEL. SICK. OK? It’s perfectly clear that I’m not normal, so just accept it already!’
He merely nodded in reply and quietly led the way to the car where we sat in silence until we neared the house.

‘I’m going to have to tell Sebastian and Eva,’ Daniel said once we were back.
‘Daniel, please. They don’t need to know. No harm done.’
 ‘I should have seen it coming - Eva did. She warned me. I was so impressed at your restraint when you saw Luke at the funeral. I thought it meant you’d chosen me,’ he said, with a heart-breaking half-smile.
‘Daniel, I can’t choose you. I don’t have a choice, do I? Eva has told me how the blood bond means I’m automatically drawn to you. I should be following your orders and be completely besotted by you, shouldn’t I? That’s how it works.’
‘Yes, but you don’t do as I wish Jessie do you? You are free, and you were still drawn to me in the club that very first night. I felt your gaze.’
 ‘I do like you, really like you; I just don’t want to feel like I’m giving in to something. I want to choose you. And I am sorry I didn’t tell you about today’s plans.’
‘You can tell me anything, Jessie. I mean that. You don’t ever have to be scared of me, of what I will say. I’ll always be on your side.’
‘I ...’
‘No, let me finish. You should have told me that you wanted to go to the cemetery on your own, and to visit the cricket club.’
‘You would never have let me.’
‘You’re right. I wouldn’t have let you go alone, but I would have driven you there, and let you go in on your own, once I’d checked it was empty. I could have stayed on the roadside and you would have had your privacy. I would have checked the cricket club and found Luke there. This needn’t have happened,’ he said, taking my hand in his. ‘I want you to be happy Jessie, and I know this is harder for you than any other vampire.’
I looked up into his angelic face and realised he looked paler than normal.
‘Daniel, you’re nearly as pale as I was last week.’
‘It’s fine, don’t worry. I’ll feed as soon as Eva gets back. You’re more important.’
He was so unlike anything I expected. He was a vampire, and yet so unlike any human boy I’d ever known. He was totally confident in himself; there were no walls, he played no games. He was gentle and tender, yet sexy and masculine at the same time. He looked no more than twenty-two but had the experience of a century or more, glistening like dark pools in his eyes. He was totally and unequivocally alluring and when my barriers were down I had to admit to myself I was falling for him fast.
‘Daniel, there was one more thing I wanted to do - part of my plan,’ I said, realising that I had to trust him; and I that wanted to trust him.
‘Go on,’ he said, smiling and raising an eyebrow.
‘You’re not going to like it.’
‘I guess not, but I did say you could trust me, didn’t I? I meant it. Tell me, what’s next on your plan?’
‘I want… no, I need revenge. Those girls, they shouldn’t get away with what they did, what they keep on doing. They should be stopped.’
‘So you think that you’re the person for the job? You want to stop them? Avenge your murder?’ he said, sceptically.
‘Yes and no. I mean, I want you to help me. I don’t necessarily want to kill them. Well actually, I would. I’d like to hurt them, a lot. But, I don’t think I could actually do it and live with myself.’
He nodded, and gestured for me to continue. He was listening.
‘I thought maybe we could just scare them. I mean we are vampires. We could give them a taste of their own medicine. Nobody would ever believe them, even if they told anyone.’
‘And you think this would stop them hurting others?’
‘Well, I thought we could maybe threaten them a bit,’ I admitted, smiling.
‘You know, if you sort this gang out another will take its place. You can’t go around ridding the country of all its girl gangs.’
‘I don’t see why not. It could be my new job,’ I said grinning.
‘Hmm, I think Sebastian has other ideas for you. I don’t think he’d want to waste you on the mayhem that girl gangs are currently causing. They aren’t worth the time or the effort.’
‘Fine, but I need to do something about this one. I want you to help me. That way you can check I don’t go too far and kill them - or whatever.’
Daniel sighed, looking serious as he searched for the right answer.
‘Sebastian won’t be pleased. He doesn’t like us using our strength on humans, even bad ones. He won’t like you scaring them. We’d be in trouble,’ he finished, but I could tell he was thinking about it. He hadn’t quite decided.
‘Daniel, I need to do this. It’s bugging me and I don’t think it will ever go away. You and Eva were both in terrible situations directly before you were turned. Eva was fleeing for her life in the French Revolution, and you were likely to die of mustard gas poisoning or worse. But I was happy. I had my whole life ahead of me and they stole it. They took away my future without a care and I want to make them pay.’
‘I thought you were happy with me now, in this new life?’ He asked. 
‘Yes, I think I can be, but to come to terms with everything that’s happened, I need two things. To say goodbye to the people I loved and to somehow make those girls pay. It would have been okay if the police had caught them and they were being punished, but they’re free, and they are still hurting people.’
Daniel sighed and looked into my passionate face and I dealt my trump card.
‘They were in the paper again this week. I saw it whilst I was on the bus. The report said a man in his seventies had been walking back from the post office after collecting his pension, when he was jumped on by a gang of four girls. They kicked him in the stomach until he gave them his money, and left him bleeding on the pavement. People witnessed it but didn’t do anything to stop them. Again, they all had alibis vouching for their whereabouts. Daniel, they need to be stopped!’
‘Okay, I’ll agree to help you, mainly because I don’t see any alternative. I don’t want to risk you disappearing again the first time you get an opportunity, and frankly it’s about time you had some trust and didn’t have to be chaperoned everywhere.’
‘Yey!’ I celebrated, a huge grin spanning my face.
‘If Sebastian questions me I’ll say it was imperative for your development.’
‘You know, if we want to track them down, tonight will be the best time to do it. It’s Saturday. It was a Saturday when they attacked me. It was also a Saturday night when they attacked the two other girls I read about. All those attacks happened near Exodus, and there are loads of convenient back streets in that area.’
‘So you haven’t been planning it much then?’ Daniel said with a wry half-smile. ‘We could always go next weekend?’
‘My mum always said ‘Strike whilst the iron’s hot’, and although she wouldn’t normally condone violence, I think she’d allow me this. I think she’d want it for me,’ I said, suddenly sure I was doing the right thing. I didn’t want to waste any time, or more to the point give Daniel the chance to back out. I needed him. After all, I’d never in my life been in a fight. The one and only time I’d been in a fight or flight situation I had chosen flight, and look where that had got me! Though I’m pretty sure I would have been in the same situation had I turned around and tried to fight them. Yes, I would definitely have been dead. Or rather undead! You can’t fight against knives. At least human girls can’t fight against knives. Vampires? Now that was a whole different ball game, and I was determined to play them at their own game. And win.
On arriving back at the house I still felt nauseous, so I headed straight upstairs under the pretence of getting changed and when I heard the TV go on in the lounge I tiptoed into the bathroom and stared gloomily at the toilet. I knew what was coming as wave after wave of nausea rushed over me, my stomach clenching as it evacuated its dark red contents into the bowl. A minute later it was all over and looking in the mirror I noticed my old pallor was back, but I felt much better.  Instinctively I knew this was not something I should mention to Daniel, along with the toast craving that was creeping back in, so I crept back into my room and chose my evening outfit.
I was dressed for clubbing. I had my skinny leather jeans on again, this time teamed with killer ankle boots and a skinny black polo neck. I know I was all in black, typical vampire attire, and I didn’t normally like to dress to the stereotype, but on this occasion I wanted to look formidable. Hell, I wanted to look like their biggest ever challenge; a challenge I knew they wouldn’t be able to resist. I would look beautiful, which they’d be jealous of. I’d look wealthy, which would fill their pockets; and tough, which they’d want to challenge. Daniel would be hidden; I would appear to be alone. They would walk straight into my trap.
‘Right! Well I can see you mean business,’ Daniel said, as I tried to emulate Eva and glided not quite as gracefully, but certainly as fast, down the stairs.
‘Yep, let’s go. I’m really hyped! It’s so amazing to have you on side,’ I said, still feeling a little overwhelmed by his support, as I knew it would be likely to get him into trouble with both Eva and Sebastian. 
I took his hand and let him pull me into his embrace. Going with the feeling, I reached up and kissed him. Luke had walked away from me, twice it seemed, so now I had to start a new life. I had to stop thinking about him. I would try. 
For a moment he looked a little surprised, and I realised it was probably the first time I’d proactively kissed him. The surprise only lingered a second, before his emotions took over and he backed me against the wall and crushed his lips against mine. His lips were hard and unyielding, yet somehow warm and tender. They crushed mine, but never hurt. He held my head in a way which sent shivers through my body. I could be kissed like this all night long!
‘Come on then, we should go,’ he said, reluctantly pulling back and disentangling his hand from my hair.
We’d left the car at Exodus, and after briefly checking in with Sebastian and spending a somewhat dull hour sitting pretty in the club, we were now walking the back streets, hunting our prey. Daniel’s arm was wrapped around me casually, and we looked like any young couple out on a Saturday night. 
Initially, we walked past the long line forming at the front of the club, and I scanned the faces, not sure whether I wanted to recognise any or not. I yearned to see Alex again. The sight of her at the funeral hadn’t interested the vampire in me, but it had stirred the human girl. I remembered how I’d wanted to run to her and hug her, but then I remembered my dream and shivered. I was pretty sure that if I could control the blood lust, Alex would be more than willing to overlook my somewhat scary transformation and reinstate our friendship. 
‘Are you okay, Jessie?’ Daniel said suddenly, interrupting my thoughts.
Oh, damn! Had he been listening? The ‘Alex plan’ was not anything I could expect Daniel to help me with, or agree to. I knew it would be forbidden. I looked at his quizzical face and smiled quickly.
‘Yep, I’m fine. Just wondering how we’ll track them down and what I’ll do when we succeed.’ 
‘Are you sure?’
‘Yes,’ I said, somewhat irritably, not comfortable with the lie. ‘Surely you know if you’re always listening in?’ I grumbled.
‘I don’t always listen in, Jess. You know I can’t, and if I could I wouldn’t. I’m not a telepath. If you project your thoughts to me then I can hear, if you’re in trouble I can hear, and hopefully find you, and the same applies to you. You have to make an effort to communicate telepathically and it’s always easier in the beginning when my blood is the only blood within you.’
‘I know, but it feels like I’ve lost so much and I can’t bear the thought of losing my privacy as well. I’m sorry. I know you wouldn’t listen in purposefully, but it feels like you always know what I’m thinking,’ I said. Now I was having this conversation I might as well see it through.
‘Yes, in the beginning I could hear you much more clearly. Like I said, my blood was strong within your body; it was making you what you’ve now become. Also you were new, and you projected everything my way, whether you wanted to or not,’ he said with a smile.
‘And I don’t do that anymore?’ I asked.
‘No, over the last couple of weeks I’ve heard you less and less. Now, I only hear you when you’re emotionally distressed, for example I heard you call me loud and clear in the club when you saw Gemma, and I felt your pain when Eva was making you try to move that mug.’
‘OK,’ I said nodding with relief.
‘But always remember Jessie, if you need me and I’m nearby, you should be able to call me.’ He pulled me closer and placed a kiss on the top of my head. I gratefully turned in to face him and tilted my face upwards for more, quite happy in that moment to forget the hunt and go back home.
I looked up, somewhat shocked to see his face change so swiftly.  The Daniel I knew and was coming to love – yes, I could now admit that easily - had disappeared and in his place was a lethal predator. His face turned hard, cold, and his eyes glittered. I wondered briefly what I’d done to provoke this reaction. It was truly frightening, until he spoke. He whispered in my ear, his cold breath sending shivers down my spine.
‘They’re here, Jessie. I can smell them. They went this way only a few seconds ago. Down that street I think.’
‘You can smell them?’ I asked. I breathed in deeply, but all I could smell was the dank, slightly rotten smell that seemed to permeate the back streets of the city. I shook my head slightly and replied.
‘I can’t smell any humans around here. It just smells rotten.’
‘That’s them. Breathe in deeper and you’ll smell the blood. It’s not like the attractive aroma you’re used to. They smell rotten. Evil usually does.’
I breathed in and there it was. I could definitely detect a lingering smell of human blood, but it was definitely unpleasant. There would be no chance of me wanting to bite these girls.
‘Eeuw! That’s not nice. Are you sure that’s them?’
‘Yes. I remember it from the night you died. I could smell them all around you and in the alley.’
‘Okay, well, this complicates matters. I was hoping to scare them with my formidable fangs,’ I said grinning, ‘but I can’t see how that smell is going to help.’
‘Don’t worry, anger as well as blood lust will arouse the vampire in you.’
‘Right. Well I guess this is it then?’ I said, suddenly unsure of what I was going to do. I wasn’t a violent person and my human soul didn’t feel comfortable with the idea of hunting these girls, even though the vampire was more than ready for some action. 
‘They know we’re here. I saw one look out from behind that industrial bin. They’re waiting to see where we go, but they won’t attack you with me here. They only attack girls on their own… or the elderly.’
That did it, as I remembered the news report from the paper, and the poor old man left bleeding in the street, because everyone was too scared to interfere. Well, I wasn’t scared. They weren’t going to get away with it.
‘You stay here and hide yourself until I need you,’ I whispered.
‘I don’t like you going in there alone, Jessie. It doesn’t feel right.’
‘I’m a vampire, right. They can’t hurt me. I just have to make sure they don’t get my heart or chop off my head, right?’ I said grinning a little hysterically. I had to do this now, before I lost my nerve.
‘Bye, see you tomorrow. I’ll be fine, the main road’s only a two minute walk away. Bye,’ I shouted, hoping the girls were listening as I pushed away from him and shouted my false goodbye. 
I had the benefit of knowing where they were, and I also noted the slightly rotten smell getting a little stronger as I closed the gap. I started humming, more to steady my nerves than anything else. I kept my eyes trained on the street ahead, knowing I couldn’t look left as I walked past their hiding place. They’d attack from behind, as always.
‘Hey, you! Hi, have ya got any spare change?’ called a girl, whose voice stirred something deep inside, a terrible memory. I took a deep breath, and made myself stumble a little, showing a little vulnerability. They’d like that. I took another step, pretending to ignore them.
‘Hey bitch! Where you going? Don’t you want to help me? Hey girls, the bitch is too stuck up to talk to us.’
I took another step, waiting for the attack. With my new improved hearing I zoned out all the road traffic noise and concentrated on the sound of their soft-soled trainers sneaking up on me. I’d never bothered to use my new talents to their max before, and I was somewhat taken aback by the minute details I could pick out when I concentrated. I could distinguish between three different footsteps. Did this mean one girl wasn’t present or had I heard wrong? I listened again, and took another step away. They picked up pace and started to fan out behind me. No, there were definitely only three sets of footsteps. Okay, this would be easier for me, but one girl would miss out on the lesson.
They were within touching distance now. I felt the anger and resentment coil like a spring inside me, and suddenly I felt my predatory instincts kick in. Instinct overrode both nerves and caution. Adrenaline flooded my veins and I felt my fangs suddenly start to push through the tight skin in my tender gums. The tiny hairs stood up on the back of my neck, alerting me to the gang’s uncomfortable closeness.
I paused and let them surround me. The first girl I saw took my breath away as the memory of her mean, scarred face flashed through my head. Then it all happened so fast. The girl behind me grabbed my ponytail and pulled my head back, whilst the girl on the left punched out, hard and fast into my stomach, and the girl on my left simultaneously punched my face. I heard her fist slam into my cheekbone, with a resounding crack and pain sliced through my face. As my face was burning a fresh pain burst to life in my stomach. I thought vampires didn’t feel pain? Damn!
All this happened in a split second, and as the girl behind me reached for my bag I zoned in. Playtime was over! I brought my right foot up and angling it backwards and straight out I kicked as hard as I could. In retrospect, it was possibly a little harder than necessary because the girl let out a shriek, letting go of my hair as she flew backwards by about ten feet. She landed with a shocked thud in the middle of a muddy puddle, and I winced as her head slammed into the side of the dustbin, knocking her out cold.
It took the two girls at my side a couple of seconds to catch on to what had happened, giving me time to prepare for my next move. I thought they’d take the opportunity to turn and run, but clearly they were not giving in yet. They both drew evil-looking knives from their back pockets and advanced a step towards me, smiling cruelly.
 ‘You’re going to regret that, bitch.’
I took another step backwards and spoke.
‘It was you that hurt the man at the post office, wasn’t it?’
‘So what if it was?’ The grimy-looking blonde replied, a smug smile spreading across her face. 
‘Do you recognise me?’ I asked, taking another step out of their reach.
‘Should we?’ The dark haired girl said with a careless shrug.
‘What if I told you my name was Jessica James?’
‘Nah, doesn’t ring a bell with me, does it you Ash?’ the blonde replied.
‘Nah, why? Are you important or summat? Do you think that’ll stop us hurting you?’ Ash asked, sniggering evilly.
‘Right bitch, I’m bored of chatting. It’s payback time!’ the blonde interrupted.
‘You’re damn right about that,’ I said, and as they both swung their knives forward I was somehow able to see it all in slow motion, gauging exactly where each knife was going to strike. Both my hands darted out, faster than a rattle snake going in for the kill, and with strength I didn’t know I possessed, I caught both of their hands. I hauled their arms up twisting them simultaneously, so both girls dropping their knives ended up facing away from me, their arms twisted up behind them.
They struggled helplessly in my iron grasp and I realised with a jolt that I had to do something fast, before the animal took over and I ripped them apart. With a degree of relief I hurled the girl in my right hand forward so she flew at quite a pace to land with a bump next to her friend, who was stirring with a groan. The blonde in my left hand soon joined her, and I took a deep breath of the night air quickly before I darted towards their now cowering bodies.
‘What the ...?’ one asked.
‘How di..did..?’ said the other.
‘Oh, you care who I am, now you think you might not win?’ I snarled. ‘You saw me only a few weeks back. You!’ I said directing my glare at the dark haired girl, ‘you stabbed me in the back, stole my bag and my ring, and left me for dead.’
‘No, no, you can’t be. She’s dead. You don’t look anything like her. She...  she was blonde, and we didn’t get no ring.’
‘Haven’t you heard of hair dye?’ I shot back as they shuffled further back against the filthy bin, and I took a step towards them. ‘I was found seconds before I died, and I was changed. I was saved,’ I said. I was suddenly overwhelmed with a rush of emotion and power as I tried to ignore the vision of Luke I’d thought was a hallucination. He had left me to become what I was, and I could feel the vampire’s cells in every vein of my body making me hard and strong. I instinctively knew I could dart and jump with the dexterity of a cat. For the first time since my death, I revelled in my new body and stretched my limbs. It was time to finish this.
I darted with a sudden rush of adrenaline the fifteen feet to the other side of the alley. Just before I reached it, I leaped gracefully at the brick wall, and knowing their eyes were glued to me, did a smooth back-flip and darted back to their corner, where they were desperately scrambling up to their feet. My little display had taken less than a second, and I still had them backed into the corner.
‘This is what I am now,’ I said smiling broadly. I instinctively knew the angle of the light of the bright full moon and tilted my head back slightly so they got an eyeful of my new and very sharp teeth. ‘And I’m fed up of you ruining people’s lives.’ 
‘No, no! You... you can’t be. That can’t... no, no, no!’ the blonde stammered. The two other girls had frozen, their eyes locked on my teeth.
Huh! Somehow their fear didn’t fill me with pleasure. It wasn’t who I was. I just wanted to make them stop, but I had to be careful if I didn’t want to become a monster myself. It would be all too easy.
‘Get your skinny little asses out of my sight. I’ll be watching you, and if I ever hear of you hurting people again, I’ll hunt you down and you’ll have more than a few bruises, I promise you!’ I finished trying to sound scary and serious, whilst struggling to conceal the urge to giggle.
Not one of them moved a muscle, and it took me a minute to realise they were still too petrified to move any closer to me. I took a step back and watched as the two blondes shot past me and ran off down the street, calling for their friend.
The dark haired girl, the skinny girl from my nightmare remained, staring at me. A frightening smirk crossed her face and I wondered briefly if the bang to the head had caused any lasting damage. Why didn’t she follow her friends? Instead she took a step towards me.
‘If you’re really that dizzy blonde I cut up, I don’t reckon you’ve got it in you to follow through with those threats. You were a wuss then, and you’re a wuss now. No matter what you’ve become. I’m not scared of you. If you’d wanted to kill us, you would have already.’ Her eyes were wild, and her face was hard and emotionless. Her pupils dilated with drugs.
For a second my instincts failed me, I was so thrown by her reaction, and in that second she drew her knife and jabbed it into my side.
Shit! The red hot pain sliced through my torso and I took a second to feel my side and look with shock at the blood pouring out onto my hand. I doubled over and drew in a deep breath. I hoped I healed as fast as Daniel had, that first day I’d attacked him, and with that thought and the smell of fresh blood wafting up and around me, something snapped.
Before she could stab me again I pounced the short distance, and fangs bared, I grabbed her like a rag doll and threw her down the street. I leapt after her landing gracefully at her side, as she attempted to scramble to her feet, her cheek bleeding as she cradled one wrist against her chest; but I was on to her before she had a chance to stand. I grabbed her again by her coat and scrunching it in my fist I held her high, her feet scrabbling to gain purchase on the floor. My instinct fought between biting the girl and releasing her. Her evil stench was so bad that I knew I’d regret it if I tasted her foul blood; but the scent of my own fresh blood confused me and I drew her towards me.
Jessie, no! A voice in my head whispered to me. Don’t let yourself down. Let the girl go. I looked at the girl’s ashen face and realised I’d done enough. She trembled slightly and I noticed a tear in the corner of her eye. I instantly dropped her, and at the same time I whirled round to fight, realising someone was coming up behind me – fast.
Chapter Fourteen

The dark-haired girl scrambled to her feet and took off down the alley with a slight limp, but I paid no notice. A second later I was in Daniel’s arms.
I wrapped my arms round his neck and clung to him, the adrenaline still coursing through my system. I tilted my head up to his and pulled down his neck to kiss him, but he gently pushed me back with a smile.
‘Jessie, are you OK?’ he asked. ‘I can smell your blood; it’s quite intoxicating.’
I paused, realising I’d forgotten all about the wounds. The pain had become a dull throb, but hurt no more than a trapped thumb. I looked down to inspect myself and could see through my blood-soaked slashed top that the skin on my side had instantly healed. I felt my face gingerly and found that it was as perfect as before. Great! 
‘It seems I’m all healed. Although I thought you said we didn’t feel pain? It felt ruddy painful to me. I thought I was going to die again for a minute,’ I said with a small smile. 
‘That’s strange. It shouldn’t have hurt. We do feel wounds of course, but not as sharply. Maybe ….’ his words were suddenly cut off by a sudden slow clapping, and we broke apart and swung round to face the direction of the noise.
We faced two men I’d never seen before. One was huge and bear-like. I imagined he would have once had an olive complexion. He had thick brown hair and the huge shoulders and chest of a bodyguard. This was one man you wouldn’t want to meet in a dark alleyway, but unfortunately for me this was exactly where I was meeting him!
The other man was his polar opposite with blonde, almost white hair, cut short and neat. His face was thin and hard-looking, somewhat rat-like. He was lean and wiry and seemed short next to his companion, yet he was easily as tall as Daniel. They both had the glimmering chocolate eyes of vampires and deathly pale skin. I wondered if they were going to be friend or foe. I looked to Daniel for assistance and he took a quick step in front of me. Oh dear! If he was shielding me, this didn’t look good!
‘Jessica, meet Lucius and Aaron, Sebastian’s bodyguards,’ Daniel said formally, nodding briefly towards the men.
The two men stepped forward, their clapping coming to a chilling stop.
‘Well, that was quite a performance. I have to say, we’ve wanted to sort those girls out for months,’ Aaron, said in a silky smooth voice.
‘And it’s always fun to watch a good girl fight. I believe you’re the new addition to our little family, and it seems you have some lessons yet to learn, but for a first fight that wasn’t bad,’ the bear-like Lucius said, with a slight European accent.
‘We were just going to see Sebastian. I...’ Daniel tried to interrupt, but they silenced him with a quick gesture.
‘You are correct of course. He will be very interested to understand your motives for allowing this newborn to reveal herself to those girls like that. He had us follow you the minute you left the club, and as we believe this was planned, he won’t be too happy,’ the rat-like Aaron said.
 ‘Come,’ Lucius said, quietly extending his arms and gesturing ahead of them back down the alley. I looked at Daniel hopefully, but he looked glumly back and gave his head a little shake. Taking my hand, he led me forward as the two bodyguards fell in behind us, shepherding us back the way we’d come.
‘I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have asked you to help me do this, Daniel,’ I whispered as we walked.
‘It’s fine. I‘ll make Sebastian understand. Don’t worry, he likes you.’
When we reached the club, I expected to be led back along the corridors that I knew fairly well now and towards Sebastian’s rooms, but instead we came to a stop by a door I hadn’t seen before.
‘Daniel, you are requested to go and see Sebastian immediately. I have been ordered to escort the girl to the cells,’ Aaron said curtly.
‘No, I won’t leave her alone. She can come with me,’ Daniel replied quickly, holding onto my arm.
‘You’re already in enough trouble my friend. You do not want to anger him more than necessary, I am sure,’ Lucius said smoothly. ‘We will take care of her; you can be assured of that.’
Daniel looked into my frightened eyes apologetically, before releasing my arm.
‘You’ll be fine Jessie. I’ll come for you soon, don’t worry,’ he said, as Lucius opened the heavy door and held it open for me.
It was pitch-black, but with my new improved vision I could make out a large metal cage standing in the middle of the room. In fact the cage seemed to take up the majority of the room, and looking past the thick bars, I saw what appeared to be a comfortable bed, plus a table and chair. I shuddered, hoping I wouldn’t be here long enough to need to sleep in it.
Aaron unlocked a large padlock on the cage door, smiling as he swung it open.
‘Your home for the immediate future, little witch,’ he said, a slow smile spanning his cruel face.
I hung back, still terrified and Daniel gave me a little nudge.
‘Don’t worry Jess,’ he said.
‘Come,’ Lucius said gruffly, taking me by the arm and leading me in. The door to the room swung shut behind me and I was alone with the two vampires. Something told me that even though Lucius certainly looked the scarier of the two, it was Aaron who I needed to watch out for.
Lucius had remained outside the cage, pushing me gently inside but Aaron stepped inside with me, blocking the doorway. 
‘I trust you’ll be comfortable here, until Sebastian decides what to do with you,’ he said with a sinister smile, as he stepped a little closer. ‘Mmm, you smell delightful. I’ve heard from Sebastian that you taste quite unique. I haven’t tasted witch before!’ He paused, looking vacant for a moment, before his eyes flicked back to me hungrily.
‘Aaron, we should go’, Lucius said. ‘Sebastian said she was not to be touched, and we need to check on the club. It’s closing time.’
‘He only wants her all to himself. He won’t begrudge me a taste, Lucius,’ Aaron said, as the chill of my predicament settled upon me.
Would I be strong enough to fight him off? I was pretty sure I wouldn’t have a chance with the bear-like Lucius, but he didn’t seem overly keen on the idea, and had so far stayed outside my cage. Aaron may be thin but he looked all muscle, like a snake about to strike. I wouldn’t stand much chance against him either. Then I recalled my conversation with Daniel earlier that evening. Could I call him? Would he hear me? The conversation started up again and I took a step back.
‘Lucius, why don’t you go and check the front doors? It will only take five minutes. When you get back I’ll be finished,’ Aaron said coolly.
‘You should come too. I don’t like it, Aaron. I’ll have nothing to do with this,’ Lucius said, his gaze flickering over to me, and I thought I recognised a brief look of apology.
‘Please don’t leave me,’ I found myself begging him as he walked towards the doorway and into the passage beyond.
‘Hey little witch, you have nothing to fear, it doesn’t have to hurt,’ Aaron said. 
I didn’t trust his hungry smile one bit. I wondered if I could edge around him to the cell doorway and somehow escape, but he seemed to read my mind and took a step back, closing and locking the door, before putting the key deep in his pocket.
Oh Hell!
‘Now, let’s have some fun,’ he said, as I backed away from him. ‘I enjoy breaking the new girls in.’
The backing away didn’t do an awful lot to help my situation, because just as I’d used the incredible speed to scare the girls in the alley, he now used it on me. I blinked and he was suddenly standing next to me, wrapping his cold, snake-like arm around my shoulder and drawing me in.
I fought him off, and found my fangs appearing, as I ducked from his grasp and darted to other side of the cell. 
‘Oh, fancy a game of tag, do we?’ he sniggered, before darting towards me and knocking me down easily. I cried out and yelled Daniel’s name, using the seconds I had left as Aaron scooped me up, to try and throw out a mental cry for help. Aaron dropped me on the bed and instantly had my wrists pinned at either side of my head, my legs held down with the sheer, solid weight of his body. His cruel, cold face loomed above me, eyes glowing like the burning embers of a fire. With strength I simply couldn’t match, he moved his hands so he held both my wrists together above my head, and with the other free hand reached down and ripped my top free, pulling it roughly up over my bra.
‘Mmm, now I wonder if Daniel has told you about this very tasty pressure point, just here,’ he said, no doubt trying to sound seductive but instead having the effect of icy dread, as he traced his sharp, pointed nail down over the contours of my half-exposed breast. He opened his lips and ran his tongue over his fangs as I prepared myself for one last assault.
This man, this thing, will not do this! No! 
‘No!’ I cried out, drawing on all the reserves of strength I could muster. With one almighty shove I bucked my body and let out a shriek as pain sliced through my head, and several things happened all at once.
Aaron was suddenly lifted from my pinioned body, and I opened my eyes, searching for my saviour. Simultaneously I heard deep, rich laughter ring out from the doorway and looking across and through the cage bars, I saw that Sebastian and Daniel had come running into the room. Daniel was looking somewhat taken aback and it was Sebastian laughing.
‘It seems she didn’t need our assistance quite as much as you thought, Daniel,’ Sebastian said.
I followed their line of vision to where I could only guess Lucius was holding Aaron off me, but there was no one there; and then I followed my eyes up. Aaron was suspended in mid-air, his arms and legs flailing helplessly, but as I quickly shuffled back on the bed to a sitting position, my concentration lapsed and he fell the short distance to the floor. It took him less than a second to recover and he came at me, anger pulsing visibly through his veins, as his teeth went straight for my neck.
‘Get off her!’ Sebastian’s voice was cold as he commanded Aaron from the doorway.
‘She needs teaching a lesson, little witch,’ Aaron said defensively, unwilling to let me go. 
‘Get off her right now Aaron, before I rip you apart. She’s mine,’ Daniel said through clenched teeth, as he prowled the perimeter of the cage, trying unsuccessfully to find a way in.
Sebastian calmly removed a huge set of keys from his pocket and within a split second had opened the cage door, grabbed Aaron by the scruff of his neck and flung him across the cell. I watched horror-struck as Aaron’s head and back connected with the heavy metal bars, heard the sickening crack and watched as he slumped for only a second before he was suddenly on his feet again in a feral crouching position, a hiss emanating from his curled back lips, his eyes wide and black.
‘Get her out of here, Daniel. Take her to Eva’s room. I will be with you momentarily,’ Sebastian said, turning back to face Aaron’s crouching form. Daniel was by my side instantly, lifting my shocked body and carrying me effortlessly out of the cell.
As we left the cell and headed towards the doorway of the room, Lucius reappeared, startling me.
‘You’re a bit late!’ Daniel spat at his apologetic face.
‘I had no choice, you know that,’ he said.
‘Of course you had a choice – you’re over two hundred years old. I’m younger than you and I’ve been released,’ Daniel said.
‘Uh, can you put me down Daniel?’ I said, wriggling and feeling a little silly being cradled like an infant now that the shock had worn off.  OK, I had to admit, it had initially felt rather romantic being rescued and scooped up like a heroine in a movie, but that feeling swiftly felt a little over the top!
 ‘Lucius, get in here,’ Sebastian shouted. ‘I’m afraid Aaron has done me yet another disservice. I think I will have to rethink your partnership. Aaron, give me the keys,’ he continued, walking calmly towards the fearsome Aaron.
‘Lucius, you know I am your master,’ spat Aaron. ‘I could, and should be a master level vampire by now. Do as I bid. Attack him. I will have Manchester and you will be my number two.’ He spoke so quickly and with such venom that I struggled to follow him.
Sebastian and Daniel obviously understood though, because Sebastian immediately took a defensive step back. Without warning Daniel dropped me and I landed on my ass with a thud, but there was no apology. Daniel had instantly leapt the short distance to the cage entrance, blocking the way from Lucius, who had a strange glazed look in his eyes and had taken an immediate offensive position towards Sebastian in the cage. 
At the same time, Aaron sprang at Sebastian with the speed and grace of a cheetah. It all happened so fast that if I’d blinked, I would have missed half the action. Strangely, Sebastian stood his ground, and I noticed that in the split second that Aaron left the floor, flying murderously towards him, his body seemed to visibly harden, his muscles contracting.
As Aaron reached his target, his hands outstretched ready to break Sebastian’s neck. His fangs fully extended, ready to rip out his throat, Sebastian remained perfectly still. 
A split second later as Aaron’s finger tips reached their destination, I blinked as I saw something unbelievably beautiful. Around Sebastian’s body, a glowing white arc of swirling translucent mist formed, and Aaron suddenly screamed as his body was thrown the length of the cell. 
Once again he smashed into the bars, this time falling, shivering and convulsing on the floor. Wordlessly Sebastian walked over to him, retrieved the keys from his pocket, turned around and walked over to the cell door, where Daniel calmly stepped out of his path, allowing him to close and lock the door on the unconscious Aaron.
As this all happened in the space of about three seconds, I was still in a somewhat dishevelled heap on the floor. I picked myself up and stood back against the wall, silently staring at Sebastian, who had lost his beautiful glow the minute Aaron crashed into the bars. Daniel stood respectfully to the side without a word, seemingly unsurprised by what he’d just witnessed, but Lucius was a different matter. His eyes had lost the glazed look and he too stared at Sebastian in disbelief. 
‘You ... Aaron, how ...?’ he stumbled, in a strange, gravelly voice.  He stood with his huge, hulking body still blocking the exit, but all aggression seemed to have left him.
‘A little party trick of mine Lucius. I will appreciate it if you tell no one of course. A vampire’s best defences are those which are a surprise,’ Sebastian said, as Lucius nodded. ‘You answer to me from now on, and I’d appreciate it if you could go back out front. I believe there was a tussle outside the club at closing time and the police are now involved. See what you can do to diffuse the situation. We do not need any more bad press.’
‘Of course, my liege,’ he said as he nodded once again and left the room.
A quiet moan emanated from the cell and my eyes were dragged back over to Aaron’s still twitching body.
‘He’ll survive, though I’ll have to replace him, for he’ll be of no use to anyone,’ Sebastian said calmly, making me jump as I’d not noticed his fluid appearance by my side.
He briefly touched my shoulder and smiled before continuing his speech.
‘Jessica, I am most apologetic for the deplorable behaviour of my staff. I knew Aaron was becoming troublesome and had ideas above his station, but I did not think I was putting you in danger. I merely wished for you to have some thinking time before I spoke to you. Now come,’ he said, as he led the way from the room, closing the heavy door behind us and bolting it.
‘He led us back down the passageway and came to a brief stop by the stairs, where he turned to Daniel.
‘Daniel, take her up to Eva’s room. I’m going to check on Lucius and will be with you shortly,’ he said, as he carried on down the corridor without a backward glance. I found it so strange that he could be almost warm one minute and absolutely brisk and business-like the next. I shook my head quickly to dislodge the confusion and Daniel turned and grinned at me.
‘Well, what an exciting evening this is turning out to be,’ he said with a conspiratorial wink. ‘Come on then.’ He opened the door to the stairs and led the way to Eva’s room.

‘Daniel, what the hell happened in there? You didn’t look surprised, but I saw Lucius’ face and he was as shocked as I was,’ I asked, within minutes of entering the room and gratefully flopping down on the plush four-poster bed.
‘Oh, you noticed that did you?’ he said quickly.
‘Hell, yes. How could I not? The guy was turned into a gibbering wreck by some white light that shot out of Sebastian’s body!’
‘Sebastian has a defensive aura. It’s a magical ward that protects him. I believe he had a love affair with a witch. She gave him the magical gift.’
I felt my mouth drop open slightly and as I digested the new information he continued.
‘Very few of us know about it. As he said, it’s more powerful when his enemies are unaware of it. It would be extremely unwise of you to mention it to anybody and you need to be even more persistent in gaining Sebastian’s trust from now on.’
‘Does Eva know about it?’ I asked.
‘Yes, she and I were with him the last time he used it, seventy odd years ago. I, like you, was an apprentice then, but it was much easier for Eva as she merely forbade me from mentioning it and I obeyed.’
Our conversation was disrupted by the door swinging open and Sebastian noiselessly filling the room with his presence. I hastily sat up, and self-consciously smoothed out my hair.
‘Daniel, we’ll finish our conversation later, but for now I need to talk to Jessica,’ Sebastian said, as Daniel jumped up from his seated position on the bed and walked towards the door.
‘Jessie, I’ll be back later. I have to go and call Eva, update her.’
He left the room as soundlessly as Sebastian had entered and I glanced warily over at the calm, contained man before me, not quite believing what I’d seen minutes earlier. He sat down on Eva’s antique velveteen chair before the dressing table. I noticed for the first time that the mirror had been replaced. The craftsmanship was immaculate, and I’d never have known it was not the original.
Sebastian noted my glance at the mirror and smiled. 
‘I hope you are not planning on any more witchcraft tonight, Jessica? I don’t think Eva could cope with her prize dressing table being destroyed a second time.’
‘No, although you know I didn’t do it on purpose. I can’t control it,’ I said, looking down at my lap and twisting my fingers together.
‘I know,’ he said softly. ‘Did you know what you were doing earlier, with Aaron?’ he asked just as softly.
‘No, I just reacted through fear and self-defence. I’m sorry.’
‘Don’t be sorry. Many are scared of me, and that is with good reason,’ he smiled again, ‘but as long as you are loyal, you have no need to worry, my little witchling.’ I smiled hesitantly, and he continued.
‘I don’t know how much Daniel has explained, but the power you witnessed earlier was a gift bestowed on me by a grateful witch.  Her spell protects me from personal attack and has lived on well past the end of her life.’
‘Oh! Is she dead?’ I blundered.
‘Yes, sadly she is. Witches and mages are the only humans of the supernatural world. They may extend their lives to an extent, but I have never known a witch to live much longer than a hundred years.’
‘You said mage, what is a mage?’
‘A mage is another word for a magician or sorcerer. A male witch if you like. They are all humans with supernatural abilities.’
‘Right, but you say I’m a witch?’ I quizzed, my interest piqued and my apprehension forgotten. 
‘You undoubtedly have witch-blood in you, and creating a half vamp witch is not something the council takes lightly, but as we had no idea about you, and you were unregistered, it will be easily forgiven.’
‘The council?’ 
‘Yes, the supernatural council. Every supernatural being has to answer to a leader. I’m the leader of the northern vamps of the UK, but then all the leaders have to adhere to the supernatural council’s regulations. Think of them like the United Nations - they have several representatives for each supernatural type.’ He finished with a smile at my rather bewildered face.
‘OK, so are there no other half-witch vampires then?’ I asked.
‘I think there may be one or two in the US, but they are protected at all times. You have to understand how powerful you could be, and consequently how vulnerable you will be.’ 
This was not what I wanted to hear!
‘But I’m not at all powerful. I have no control over my actions. I had no idea of any of this until Daniel turned me, and I just don’t know how to use it.’ I sighed, hoping he would believe me.
‘Yet, Jessica, yet. You don’t know how to control your power yet, but you now have a lot longer than an average witch to work it out, and that’s part of what I have to discuss with you.’
‘The other part being the girl gang?’ I questioned.
‘I’m afraid so. You know I can’t allow you to go around acting like a vigilante, don’t you?’ he said.
‘Why? Daniel said you have your own laws, and other vampires sometimes end up settling disputes independently.’
‘Yes, that’s true, but those skirmishes are usually between vampires, not humans. I’m not overly concerned about your wish for retaliation or revenge, it’s only natural, but I cannot let them live, knowing who we are. You would have been better off killing them. Aaron and Lucius would have cleaned up the mess.’ My blood chilled and I froze as I took in his callous words. 
‘But I didn’t want to kill them,’ I said, looking defiantly into his face as he raised an eyebrow in disbelief.
‘OK, so I may have wanted to kill them a little bit, but I didn’t want to become a monster, like them. I just wanted to stop them, scare them,’ I added.
‘I understand, I think, but I cannot allow them to live, knowing about you. It’s too risky. I am however going to give you a choice Jessica, which is not something I generally do, but I do have a soft spot for witches.’ I listened hopefully, but found my hopes were dashed.
‘You can choose their fate. It is they who changed your fate, so it seems only right that you get to choose theirs. Either I will have them disposed of, and personally this is my favourite choice as they were starting to wear on my patience; or you can let them live. However, I will have their memories corrected, and they will have no memory of this night.’
‘No! They will go on being as cruel as ever,’ I said, my heart sinking to the floor, but knowing I could never have them murdered.
‘I can stop them Jessica. They need never hurt anybody again, no one will miss them. Your death will be avenged.’
‘No, I can’t. I can’t order them to be murdered. I will not stoop to their level,’ I whispered, as Sebastian shrugged and sighed.
‘As you wish, they will live. I will make a phone call and later I will return and we can discuss your heritage. I have some interesting information for you.’ 
I nodded glumly, and he left the chair gracefully and started across the room towards the door, pausing briefly to kiss my cheek.
‘Rest now, my little witchling. You’ll be safe in here. Only Daniel and Eva have matching keys.’ An instant later he was gone, closing the door behind him, as I heard the scraping of a key in the lock.
I sunk back onto the bed and stared up at the ceiling. Had I made the right choice? I had no way of knowing. I knew the public out there would definitely be better off without the girl gang terrorising the locals, but at the same time was it right that I should get to take their lives away? I simply couldn’t choose. I couldn’t be responsible for their deaths. I wouldn’t become a monster just because I had a new strength, a new power. After all, if what Sebastian was telling me was true, I was going to grow into a pretty powerful vampire, and I instinctively knew that it would be all too easy to lose my morals and let the power rule. I would not become the monster Luke thought I’d already become. 
I was fed up of thinking of Luke and yet my mind refused to give up, and no matter what I was thinking it always returned to him. Why was he so harsh with me, when he was clearly the one to blame for my resurrection? Over the course of the last few hours, I’d come to realise that those fleeting memories when I was half awake, half asleep of him standing on my window ledge, wings spread out were probably true. The memory that I thought was a hallucination of him, when I was dying was definitely true. When he turned his face to mine before my father’s cremation and the church door slamming….these memories all rose together and began to answer some questions.
I now knew he was an angel placed to watch over my adolescence, but I also knew his growing feelings for me over the last eighteen months were authentic. He did love me. Maybe he loved me more than I thought? Maybe he hadn’t been able to face me dying and in a split second decision, he’d heard Daniel and Eva coming and realised there was another way for me to live? A way which he now regretted, because not only had I become the very being he’d been taught to detest, but in letting me live he had handed me over to another man. He wouldn’t know that I still had my free will. He didn’t know I was a witch. With his feelings about vampires being what they were, he probably felt guilty that he’d given me this life, guilty that he’d failed as an angel to let me die in peace. Guilt could easily explain his anger and sadness, the tear he hurriedly rubbed away. Then again, maybe he did just hate me. Maybe he didn’t love me as much as I had thought? With these thoughts tumbling around my head I felt myself begin to drift.
A couple of hours later I was startled out of my slumber by the sound of a key in the lock. I’d believed Sebastian when he said no one else but himself, Eva and Daniel had a key, but I sat up, hugging my knees protectively. 
The door opened quietly and in the heavy darkness Sebastian’s figure stole into the room.
‘Oh, you’re awake. I thought you might be sleeping,’ he said.
‘I’ve been asleep. The key woke me.’
‘Right, well I brought you a drink. Daniel has gone to hunt. Don’t look so glum,’ he said, pausing and taking in my expression. ‘He’s getting as pale as you. We are what we are Jessie, and you can only fight it for so long.’ I nodded and smiled, aware that it wasn’t reaching my eyes, but hoping he wouldn’t notice, or care as I took the glass from his hand.
‘Now, we have the business of your heritage to discuss, don’t we?’ He smiled and walked over to the window, pulling the heavy curtains back on a dismal, grey dawn. Even though I didn’t necessarily need the light to see anymore, it felt easier and more normal. Situations too easily became intimidating and creepy, or romantic and sultry. Even though strong sunlight gave me a headache and made me squint, I vastly preferred the daylight to the total blackness of a long winter’s night.
Sebastian sat back in the chair by the dressing table and I pulled the beautiful satin throw around my shoulders and sipped the blood. I realised for the first time that I was grimacing slightly at its taste. It was like drinking a value branded sugar-free cola instead of the full sugar real thing, and yet it seemed the real thing may have made me sick.
My attention was diverted by Sebastian pulling out several pieces of paper from his pocket. There were quite a few which looked old and I could see they were covered in my father’s scrawling handwriting, but the top sheet was new and covered with notes in handwriting I didn’t recognise. He shuffled them and smiled at me as if he had my future in his hands, which of course he did. So I sat patiently, which was incredibly hard, and waited to hear about my mother.
‘Jessie, Eva found this letter in the box from your attic. I cannot let you keep it at present, as I’ll be expected to produce it as proof of your bloodline within the witch community when they arrive, and if any trouble arises within the council. It’s been incredibly useful in helping me track down your mother’s family, so I hope you do not mind me reading it.’
‘Is she still alive?’ I asked, suddenly unable to stay quiet.
‘No Jessie, she is not. The letter explains, but she died in childbirth, having you.’ I sat horror-struck, unable to speak. It’s what no child ever wants to hear, that she was a murderer before she was even born. ‘Jessie, it was not your fault. She was a witch, and from a very strong blood line, but it seems she’d left her family in the United States and was denying her heritage. She must have known the risks of giving birth without support from the supernatural community, and yet she ignored her upbringing.’
‘What do you mean, she needed support from the supernatural community?’ I asked quietly.
‘She was a witch, and looking at her blood-line, a very strong one, which is of course why the angels were interested in you.’
‘Not that interested,’ I mumbled.
‘However, as I said before, witches are human and they have frail human bodies. When a witch gives birth her power splits and surges through her heart, flowing directly into the newborn. This power surge caused a massive heart attack, and it’s undoubtedly this that led to your mother’s death.’
‘So, why did she leave? Why did she risk a normal birth here?’ I asked confused.
‘I’ve traced your family and I’ve spoken with the coven leader in Malden, near Boston. It appears that your mother ran away as a rebellious teenager.’
‘Boston? Isn’t Salem near there, where the famous witch trials were?’ I asked remembering my history lessons.
‘Yes, Malden is between Boston and Salem. It appears your mother didn’t want to live the life of the coven leader that she was being moulded for. Her family had no idea she’d come here. They thought she’d been murdered or taken by the Fae a long time ago. They had no idea she had a child, an heir. They are somewhat excited by our news,’ he said, raising one eyebrow sardonically.
‘Right, so my family originates from the real Salem witches? And they still exist?’ I asked, more than a little freaked out.
‘I’m not sure where your family originates from Jessie, you will have to ask them that, but they are certainly very interested to meet you. I believe they’re sending a representative over as soon as we can organise permits. They agree on keeping your identity a secret for the time being, as we don’t want to cause suspicion within the community.’
 Something suddenly occurred to me as his words tumbled around inside my head.
‘You said they had no idea she had a child, an heir. Am I an heir to their coven now? Will I have to leave Manchester?’ I asked, suddenly pining for Daniel and feeling seriously worried.
‘No,’ he said laughing. ‘You are a vampire foremost, and however much they may not like it, you’ll never be a part of their coven unless you wish it, and then you’ll have to earn independence from my clan first. Vampires and witches usually keep a respectful distance, and they wouldn’t want to start a war over you.’
‘But by the time I’ve earned my independence, they’ll probably all be dead anyway, if they are all human, surely?’
‘That is exactly why you are staying here with us, and we are going to protect you. A witch with the ability to outlive an entire coven will be a threat to them. Certain power hungry members won’t like it, and will want to remove that threat.’
‘Great! So now I’m going to have to look out for jealous wizards wanting to kill me? Can’t you just tell them that I’m no threat, as my power sucks and I have no control over it?’ I said glumly, wishing Daniel was here to pull me into his arms and make everything feel ok.
‘Jessica, you don’t need to worry. I have eyes and ears everywhere. My clan are on full alert. No one from the supernatural community will enter the North West without my approval. You are safe here.’
‘OK,’ I said nodding, as he stood up and walked towards me, holding out several thin sheets of lined A4 paper.
‘Here Jessie, read this. Daniel will be back soon, and I believe Eva is on her way. I’m locking you in again, but it’s only for your own safety and my peace of mind. I don’t want you wandering off to teach anybody else a lesson, now do I?’ he said, smiling his cool, sexy smile.
‘When am I staying here till?’ I asked, wondering if he was going to keep me prisoner for much longer.
‘Only until Daniel returns. However, if you run off and cause more trouble, I’ll bring you back here for an extended stay.’
‘OK. I promise to be good,’ I said, with a little smile and a fake ‘little girly voice’ that I knew would amuse him.
‘Very good, my little witch,’ and he left me alone, with my father’s letter.
Chapter Fifteen

I looked down at the letter in my hand. It was dated August 2008, only six months ago. I began to read.
My darling Jessie, 
If you are reading this then it looks like I have failed you and lost my fight with the booze. The past year since your mother’s death has been so difficult, and by the time you have finished reading this letter, I hope you understand why. 
The letter was several pages long and as I was impatient for details my eyes began to skim over the stuff I already knew. My eyes flew over the grim details of my mum’s fight with cancer and how he was going to tell me when I started university. How he was sorry, so very sorry for writing it down and not having the guts to tell me, and then my eyes focused in and found a word I loved. Luke.
As I write this I wonder, should I stop writing and go and tell you; but you are off buying books for university with Luke, and after all you have been through I haven’t got it in me to take away your happiness and infectious energy. I tell myself it can wait.
Huh! How can I have lived four years of my life loving someone who was lying to me every day? I felt resentment and grief coil tightly in my belly as I remembered those happy days shopping for university books with Luke.  I carried on reading.
Of course now I have built this up to be something huge and it is really very simple. My dear; your mother was not your birth mother. 
Yes I know this, blah, blah…my anger left a bitter taste in my mouth and I frowned at my attitude. I skimmed until I found a detail I didn’t know and gorged upon it. I read on quickly, devouring the details. So involved was I that I didn’t hear Daniel slip into the room and jumped with surprise when he sat down next to me. I noted his healthy pallor and wondered if my eyes had turned green with jealousy.
‘Was she pretty then?’ I asked.
‘No, I told you, I’m only interested in you Jessie, but I have to feed. If you must know ‘she’ was a ‘he’. There was nothing sexual about it. I fed from his wrist and right now he is probably sleeping off his hangover with no recollection of ever meeting me.’
‘Oh!’ I said, unsure of how I felt.
‘So what’s in the letter then? Sebastian told me the basics, but I expect it feels very different to you?’
‘You might say that,’ I said, a sigh escaping my lips and my eyes dipping back to the letter. ‘Well I’m sure Sebastian told you already that my birth mother died when she had me, because of some witch power surge that gave her a heart attack.’
Daniel nodded and wrapping his arm around my back, he pulled me in tighter to him.
‘Well, then he says how he met my mum when I was eighteen months old and they got married and she adopted me when I was two, which explains the missing photo albums I suppose. But why didn’t they just tell me? I don’t get it? Loads of kids are adopted.’
‘Maybe they just wanted to protect you Jess.’
‘Or maybe they just didn’t have the guts!’ I said.
‘Finish reading Jessie. Does it tell you more about your birth mother? Sebastian said it explained her true identity clearly enough for him to contact your clan in Boston?’
‘Yes, he says he met my mother whilst travelling in Europe and when her visa ran out they decided to get married. Blah, blah, blah! Apparently she initially told him that her family was dead, but then in labour with me she changed her tune.’ I looked up at Daniel and he gestured for me to go on. ‘He says my mother, Karen that is, didn’t believe any of this and didn’t want him to tell me. It’s pretty strange.’
‘Go on,’ he said.
‘Well, it says here that just before she had me she was babbling and excited, said she wanted to call me Angel, which explains the middle name. She told my father that her real name was Rachel Bishop and she had run away to Europe on fake papers. She made him promise to never try and trace her family and said they would take me away from him and that they were very powerful.’
‘They are Jessie, but they can’t take you away now. Don’t worry,’ Daniel said smiling at me.
As I read on, a sense of dread filled my stomach. I knew what was coming. Why had she not gone to the hospital? As I read about her death and my consequent birth, the self-pity evaporated and I cried tears for my dad, felt his loss and confusion, and finally understood the enormity of his pain. I skimmed some more of the letter, over his musings on her story – after all, I knew the truth – and I paused to read the last paragraph.
My dear, I am so sorry to land this bombshell on you, but the main thing to understand is that you are loved. To Karen, you were always her special girl and together we were a great family. I have loved you from the day you were born and will love you into the ever after. Jessie, my Jessie, you are more special than you can know. As a little girl you had an ability to make everyone smile; you lit up my life and amazed me every day. You continue to amaze me, Jessie my girl, and I know that whatever life throws at you, you will fight back. Believe in yourself, as I do in you.
All my love
Dad
xxxx
I sat, unable to move. I’d known my mother was not my birth mother for a week now, so it wasn’t a shock, but the words full of love from my father stirred emotions deep within. I read and re-read the letter, and even found myself touching the paper to my nose to see if I could find any lingering scent of him, but there was nothing.
A soft knock at the door interrupted my thoughts, and we both looked up to see Eva enter the room. Her eyes shifted from the letter in my hand to the tears drying on my cheeks. She then glanced at Daniel holding me tightly and with a grim smile went to pull Sebastian’s seat nearer to the bed. Straddling it, her eyes penetrated mine, searching and probing. A flash of indecision was quickly followed by frustration, and she settled for a wry expression before speaking. 
‘Well, you’ve caused a stir haven’t you? I’ve barely been gone twenty four hours and in that time you’ve evaded Dan, hunted down your angelic ex-boyfriend, convinced Daniel to help you track down the girl gang, kicked them about a bit and got yourself thrown in jail. To top it off, you suspended Sebastian’s top bodyguard in mid-air, caused him to attack Sebastian and thereby reducing him to a gibbering wreck. I think we can say a day’s work well done!’ Eva said, a sarcastic smile flitting across her face.
‘I didn’t hunt Luke down. I just went to the cricket club for some time out and he was there... and I didn’t attack him for ages...’
‘Oh well! The fact that you waited a while before you jumped him makes a whole lot of difference! Do you honestly think that helps Jess? If Dan hadn’t turned up when he did, goodness knows what would have happened, especially since it seems that Luke is not the human we thought he was.’ 
‘Leave her alone, Eva. She didn’t think Luke would be there. I got there in time, so no harm was done. If I hadn’t had you brainwashing me all that time, I’m not so sure I would have resisted the scent of Ellie for more than a heartbeat. Anyway, Jessie would have come across him sometime, and she has to learn to live with her free will; we all do. She’s coping amazingly,’ Daniel interrupted.
‘Yes, so well that she can convince you to break the rules and hunt down those girls with her,’ Eva continued.
‘Look, we’ve already been through this. I knew the risks, but I also thought Sebastian might allow it in order to help Jessie come to terms with her new life,’ he answered.
Eva stood up abruptly, and the chair wobbled for a second as she flitted gracefully to the huge stone window. Standing in the shadows of the heavy curtains, she peered out into the dismal, drizzly morning light, and sighed gently.
‘OK, lecture over. I have to say Jess, I wish I’d been there to see you levitating Aaron. I always despised that creep. He had an issue with women. I’m so glad you were his undoing,’ she added as she turned round, the start of a smile lightening her face.
‘I think he was going to rape me, as well as bite me,’ I said quietly, thinking of his twitching slumped body smashed against the cell bars.
‘Yes, he would have. That’s how he likes to get his power trips,’ Eva said, as her eyes turned steely with a sudden coldness.
‘Shhh, you don’t need to worry about him anymore. He can never hurt you again Jessie,’ Daniel whispered quietly, the muscle in his cheek twitching.
‘And no vamp in the whole of the North will dare try and touch you again, once Lucius has spread the story of how you reduced Aaron to the gibbering wreck he’s become,’ Eva added, grinning wickedly.
‘But I didn’t do that. If it hadn’t been for Sebastian I would have been dead by now. My hold on him faltered the minute I realised what I was doing.’
‘Yes but Sebastian’s secret weapon is just that; a secret weapon, Jess. He’s ordered Lucius to make out it was all witch craft, your witchcraft. Remember you are to talk to no-one about Sebastian’s shield,’ she answered.
‘Great! So now everyone’s going to think I’m an uber-powerful witch, when I can barely move a mug!’ I said.
‘You are powerful Jess, you just have to learn how to use it, and Sebastian’s working on getting you a tutor and making contact with your clan in Boston. In the meantime, we need to get you home and you need to forget that twisted ex-boyfriend of yours.’
‘He’s not twisted,’ I said, immediately jumping to his defence.
‘Dan told me what he called you, how he spoke to you. He left you dying, knowing we would change you and now he blames you for being one of us. I never did get angels… strange things,’ she said with a grim expression.
I looked at Daniel and back at Eva. I tried to forget about Luke, tried to calm the confusion of feelings, but I just couldn’t quite let go of Luke and I wasn’t sure I believed his emphatic outburst at the cricket club. There had to be a reason if not, why had he been watching me, as I was now sure he had. Why had he left me to live on as a vampire, if his job would surely have been to stay with me whilst I died and left him forever? 
These were questions I needed answering, but I could no longer ignore the fact that my heart beat to another rhythm now and my feelings for Daniel were growing by the day. He was steady, a constant reassurance in my somewhat bewildering life. Maybe the blood bond was responsible for my developing feelings, but I also couldn’t dismiss his argument. We were drawn to each other in the club that very first night. My unfaithful heart had quickened as I watched him. I was drawn to him before his blood had saved my life. I’d called out to him before I even knew how.
Luke was an angel, I still couldn’t take it in, but I was a vampire and Daniel was a vampire. Daniel was a part of me now, and I a part of him. I had to forget Luke. I would.
I may not be a hundred percent happy with my transformation into a vampire, but I was half-witch too. My mother was a witch, as was my grandmother and grandfather. I’d lost one family, but I had gained two more.
I looked up at Eva’s open friendly face, smiled and immediately felt myself drawn to Daniel. He was standing very still, like a marble statue, a Greek god maybe, his dark hair rumpled, his face creased with concern as he watched me warily. Here was my family.
‘I’m tired. Let’s go home,’ I said quietly, reaching up and touching his cheek gently.
Epilogue

He comes to me in my dream; in the between times, when I gaze at him half awake, half asleep from my Victorian bed. I’ve seen his wings unfold in the moonlight, silhouetted against my window, and I wonder what the students in the house opposite would think if they happened to look up and see him. An angel staring in at me, his great wings unfolded before he silently takes to the night and disappears once again.
My heart is torn into ragged pieces. A part belonging to the mother who chose death over life, another part embraced and protected by the parents who loved me unconditionally and now lie side by side under a tombstone, unaware of the daughter I’ve become. 
The remains are jealously fought over by an angel who wouldn’t let me die a normal death, an angel who deserted me in my hour of need and yet shadows my every night; and the vampire who gave me a new life. The man I’ve come to love, and who brings sunshine to my eternal days. 
Who I’ll choose and what I’ll become are choices that lie down untrodden paths. Paths I will have to tread soon, but for now I sleep.
To find out more about my writing, competitions, and blog tours, come over to www.witchbloodthenovel.com  
Like my facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/pages/EmmaM-Witchbloodthenovel
Or find me on Twitter @EmmaMwriter

Wondering what happens next to Jess? Curious about Witchcraft, the sequel to Witchblood? 

Then read on for the first chapter from Witchcraft.
Chapter One

I guess it’s easy to say in retrospect, but I probably shouldn’t have answered the door. Nevertheless the incessant banging was rudely interrupting my daydreaming. 
The hammering on the door paused and my eyes flicked over to an old, leather-bound book sitting on the dresser, confirming that my dreams were actually based upon truth, and I wasn’t going quietly mad. The book had come from Eva, presented to me only minutes after returning to Daniel’s house, the night of my brief but terrifying adventures in Sebastian’s cells. I frowned remembering her words of caution…
‘What is it Eva?’ I’d whispered, as Eva had handed me a rather battered looking book, which was brown with age and had lost its slip-cover, if it ever had one. The embossed design was faded and flattened, and the spine was damaged beyond repair. Yet despite all this it was beautiful, and it drew me in as if calling to me. I held out my hands, a feeling of yearning welling up, and a look of frustration flickering in my eyes as she held it out of reach, a half-smile dancing about her face.
‘It’s a book of shadows,’ Eva had told me. ‘A very old one, and if you’re not hunted down for your half-witch, half-vamp status, you’ll be hunted down for owning this book. So don’t mention it or show it to anyone. This is possibly the only copy in the whole of the UK.’  
‘You’re joking, right?’ I’d asked nervously, my hands still itching to get a hold of it.
‘When have you ever known me to joke, Jess? This book is worth a small fortune. Even Sebastian couldn’t afford it. Luckily I had a favour to call in.’
What kind of favour would buy that? I’d wondered.
‘It’s fine, sorted,’ she said. ‘Anyway, it’s yours now. Take it,’ she added, passing me the beautiful book.

The hammering on the door had started up again. It obviously wasn’t some sales rep, and whoever it was clearly had no intention of leaving without giving me a headache. But I’d been forbidden from opening the door or leaving the house…all the usual rules an untrained half-vampire, teen witch had to deal with.
I climbed off my bed and paused by the dresser, my hands drifting towards the book again. In an instant, all my questions were forgotten as my hands touched its leather cover. It felt heavy and somehow warm, and after glancing at the embossed pentagram I quickly opened the book to have a quick flick through. A gush of air lifted the hair away from my face, as if someone had opened a window on a breezy day. Or maybe a breezy day in Florida, as the air felt warm on my cheeks and stung my eyes. 
After a couple of seconds the wind dropped until it felt like a comforting breeze, making single hairs lift up and tickle my cheeks. I felt calm and in control. I let my eyes delight in the intricate patterns drawn on the title page. My fingers traced a repetition of the same pentagram from the cover, but this one had entwined branches delicately drawn through its lines, and tiny leaves which seemed to dance in the very same breeze I was caught up in. I focused my eyes and stared at them and they immediately stilled, but if I let my eyes wander away from them, I could see them fluttering in the breeze. I loved this book! 
Bang! Bang! Bang! The visitor’s knock made me jump. Shit! What was I going to do? It freaked me out a little. I mean, in the couple of months I’d been living here the door had only ever rung a handful of times. And now here I was on my own, a rare occurrence, as I was not often left unguarded. So my curiosity was aroused and suddenly I felt the need to prove to Daniel that I could do something normal, like answer a door. I closed the book, placed it back on the dresser and ran down the stairs at vampire speed.
 In my head I had it all planned out, it would be easy. If it was a vamp, just say Daniel and Eva were at the club. No vamp would mess with me after recent rumours had got around about Aaron’s unlucky demotion. If it was a human I’d simply tell them to call by for Eva or Daniel later, and if it was the gas meter man I was going to say that I didn’t own the house and could he come another time. On no account was I going to let anyone in. Easy! Except it wasn’t a vampire, a human or the gas man. It was a witch.
I smelled her as soon as I opened the door, so forgive my confusion, but she smelled human and rather tasty at that. But of course, witches are the only supernatural kind with human DNA. However my questions on her identity were clarified as soon as she opened her mouth.
‘Hi, you must be the lovely Jess?’ she said, with a strong American accent. This confirmed her identity as the witch sent over to meet me, a representative of my newfound family clan in Boston.
‘Ehm, yes I am. Daniel and Eva have gone to meet you at the club. Didn’t you get the message?’ I asked, wondering what on earth to do with her and knowing Daniel would have a fit if I asked her in.
 ‘Oh silly me! I thought I was to meet you here and go and see the mighty Sebastian later?’ she said, her vivid green eyes sparkling with mischief. She opened her mouth in a wide smile and offered her hand to me. ‘I’m Susannah from the Malden coven. I guess I must be your cousin, as your mother was my father’s sister. It’s nice to meet you at last.’
I paused for a second, looking at this woman who seemed so ready to offer me a new family. She didn’t look at all as I expected. I thought they were sending an older woman and I’d imagined a greying spinster, but the woman opposite me was in her twenties, with beautiful green eyes and shiny black hair swinging down her slender back. She grinned at me again before cutting into my thoughts.
‘Well, are we going to stand here on the doorstep all day? I could really do with a drink, although maybe you don’t have anything suitable?’ she asked, her smile faltering a little.
‘Oh, I’m sorry. Maybe I should just give Daniel a quick ring and let them know you’re here. I don’t think they wanted me to meet you on my own,’ I answered, taking a step back.
‘Well it’s a bit late for that now, isn’t it? You’ve met me already and I’m hardly a threat. It’s not like you’re a feeble little human, is it Jess? I heard all about Aaron. We all have.’
I realise this little speech was entirely conceived in order to big up my ego, but after all, what could I do? I could hardly leave her standing on the doorstep for an hour, could I? She was right - after all I am a vampire. I am strong and fast enough to throw a human twelve feet down a dirty alleyway, I can self-heal and I’ve levitated a powerful vamp in the air when he tried to attack me. It would be fine, apart from Daniel being pissed at me when he found out.
‘Ok, come on in. I think we’ve got some coffee somewhere,’ I said, as I led the way into the hallway, and down towards the kitchen.
‘Great, I’m gasping. I hate the airline coffee you get. It really sucks. I don’t suppose you’ve got any real coffee have you?’ she asked.
‘It’s unlikely, but hell, who knows? Daniel keeps the kitchen stocked up for appearances mainly. We had one of the students from next door drop in yesterday. I think she fancies him,’ I said, rummaging around the kitchen cupboards until I found one with an unopened pack of fresh coffee in it. I spent the next five minutes looking for a caffetière, which was still in its box, and on finding the milk was five days old, Susannah wisely decided to take it black.
‘Right. I’ll just go and give Daniel a ring. They must be wondering where you are,’ I said, as I placed the mug in front of her and got a delicious whiff of human. Maybe they didn’t want me to be on my own with her because I was the threat, not her. They still didn’t trust me around humans, even though I’d so far resisted even a taste of human blood - well, apart from the processed gloop that came in neat refrigerated packs.
‘Sure. Can you direct me to the bathroom? I could do with freshening up after my trip,’ she said, following me out of the room.
I took her upstairs to the immaculate bathroom and returned downstairs, to make the call. As I held the handset I desperately tried to recall Daniel’s mobile number – why was it I’d completely lost the ability to remember phone numbers since I owned a mobile? Eventually I started tapping it in and I realised something was wrong. I brought the receiver to my ear and it was silent. No ringtone. I replaced the handset and checked the power cord. It all seemed to be plugged in fine, so I picked it up and listened again. Nothing. Damn! I’d been complaining to Eva only that week about the shaky broadband connection. It was always timing out on me and now it seemed the landline had died as well. 
As I was wondering what to do, I heard the shrill peel of the old pay-as-you-go mobile Daniel had given me a couple of months earlier. Of course! I raced up the stairs, silent and effortlessly, and came to a sudden halt in the doorway to my room. Susannah was standing by my dressing table and as I entered the room a grim expression flitted across her face, as she quickly picked up the mobile and switched it off. A second later she turned around, her surprise at seeing me quickly masked with a wide smile. 
‘Oooh hi! You gave me a fright there,’ she said.
‘Ehm, sorry. Is that my phone you just switched off?’ I asked.
‘Yes, but I knew you were using the downstairs phone and I guessed you wouldn’t be able to get through to him, if he was calling you on this. I didn’t want to answer it because I thought it best coming from you. I’m sorry. Have I done the wrong thing?’ she asked, looking confused.
‘No, no that’s fine,’ I said, walking towards her for the phone. 
Before I could take the phone, she swivelled round to face my dresser again and I froze as I watched her finger tips gently trace the outline of the pentagram on my book, Eva’s words filling my head for the second time that afternoon.
‘if you’re not hunted down for your half-witch, half-vamp status, you’ll be hunted down for owning this book.’
Too late, I thought miserably as I saw wonder and desire glint in her eyes ever so briefly, before she looked up at me and smiled again.
‘So, you have the family book already. That will please the elders. Do the leaves blow in an imaginary breeze for you? She asked.
‘Yes, they do. I thought I was seeing things at first. Is it a family book then?’ I asked, relief washing over me, that finally someone understood me and didn’t think I was hallucinating. Eva and Daniel never saw the leaves move, not the slightest bit.
‘Oh yes, it goes back to the very first coven leader in New England. We have another copy of this at home. We thought this one was lost. How did you get it?’ she asked, and again I thought I noticed a hard cold rush of emotion clouding her eyes, but it was gone instantly.
‘I was given it as a gift,’ I said, not wanting to get Eva in any trouble with the coven.
I walked the last couple of steps towards the dresser and went to pick the book up. It felt dangerous and exposed lying within her reach, and I felt a need to hold it close. Protect it. My hands went out, but she got there at the same time.
Simultaneously she started muttering something quickly and quietly under her breath and immediately my bedroom ceiling turned into a black thunderous vortex, spinning and swirling its snake-like tail down towards us. 
‘What the hell?’ I shouted, trying to pull the book from her grasp as she hung on.
‘I’m sorry Jess, but the white witches of Malden cannot claim you, especially now you have this. We’ve sought this book for hundreds of years and now we have one who can engage with it. Only direct family members can make the leaves dance. You will join us. It’s your destiny.’
And all at once several things happened. The black vortex hovered over our heads as Susannah shouted out a final command. I used all my vampire strength available, and yanking the book from her grasp, turned to the door, when I heard the front door bang. Mere seconds later Daniel and Eva shot into the room, but it was too late. Susannah’s hand hooked around my neck, her long purple painted nails breaking my skin. Her other arm wrapped around me from behind and with our bodies glued together the vortex descended and sucked us up into a vast dark nothingness.

