




Copperhead Road





Brandon Enns



Copyright © 2016 Brandon Enns Registered with Writer’s Guild of Canada 2016 All rights reserved Published by Brandon Enns 2018.

No parts of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the copyright owner. This book is sold subject to the condition that it shall not, by way of trade or otherwise, be lent, resold, hired out, or otherwise circulated without the publisher’s prior consent in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition including this condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser. Under no circumstances may any part of this book be photocopied for resale. This is a work of fiction. Any similarity between the characters and situations within its pages and places or persons, living or dead, is unintentional and coincidental. 
Cover Design by ebooklaunch.com










For Steve Earle.
































































PART I








1
Qu’Appelle River, Saskatchewan. 1920. 

There were hills on both sides. They towered over me, made me feel small. Pops took me fishing every morning when he figured the conditions were right. Often I’d swim if the fish weren’t biting. I liked how the cold water swallowed me up, how I could taste the algae in my mouth, how I felt a burst of excitement when I popped back up through the surface. 
Our boat was small, just enough room for the two of us. We didn’t need no bigger. There was only the two of us anyhow. It was a nice boat. I helped Pops make it. He did most of the work, but said I should be proud anyway. Pops always said all you need in life is your two hands. And if you do something foolish and get one hand taken from you, you could use the other (he lost a finger from an axe accident). If you lose your second hand, reaching where you shouldn’t be reaching, then you use your two feet. “Don’t take much to create something from nothing,” he’d say.
We had an agreement. If we were up at five in the morning and fished till seven, then that’s two extra hours of work we’d owe after all of the other chores were done. “There’s always something to fix,” he’d say. It was true. He was right about a lot of things, I think. If we didn’t go fishing, he’d let me sleep till seven. He would still be up at five though. He said I needed extra rest because I was growing. 
Our boat rocked when I moved, making my father frown in frustration. Pops was wearing that wrinkly old hat, the brim limp and folded along the edges. He needed it to block out the sun. He made me wear one too. It was way too big on my small head. I’d usually take it off to focus on the end of my rod. I’d rather get sunburned than miss out on a catch. It’s not like the sun was hot enough that early anyhow. I could hardly feel it.
The river ran into a lake nearby, and once in a while we would try there, though my father liked to float along our usual spot. He didn’t like to be at a standstill. There was a village by that lake. There weren’t many people living there, but they built a church and a school and a few houses. Pops said it was called Eyebrow. What a strange name for a town. It was queer, and I didn’t like it. So many names to choose from and they go picking that?
It was July and the pike weren’t biting as good as they did in spring and fall. I was really starting to crave a fish fry, because I hadn’t had any fish in two weeks. We’d only been able to come out twice during that time, and we were skunked both times. 
I jigged my line up and down. Pops turned and looked at me with a frown. 
“No sense jigging when we’re on the river. Only on our lake spot. Won’t do you any good here.”
“I know.”
“Yeah, you know, yet you do it anyway.”
I was going to tell him that I catch more this way, but I didn’t feel like arguing about that anymore. He’d get mad when I did things wrong. He was scary when he was mad, but it’d never last long.
“What you wanna do tomorrow?” he asked.
“I’m not sure.”
“Well, it’s not every day you turn ten years old, is it?” He hid his smirk well. “Double digits.”
“Can we go into town?” I didn’t get to leave the farm all that much, and I wanted to go to my favorite store. They had ten different kinds of ice cream and the best fudge in the world. Pops didn’t like it there. He liked being out in the country and bush. He said it was all he ever needed and hoped one day I’d see that too. I did like where we lived. Liked some of the work. Liked our horse Brownie. Liked shooting birds and critters with my pellet gun. But I also liked ice cream and fudge. And I knew for a fact the town fair was going on. They had all kinds of rides and games to play after I got my fudge. 
Pops grumbled, “Have to check with Brownie. See if he’s up for it.”
We didn’t have any fancy car like some folks did in town. Just Brownie. But he was getting older now, so we’d have to look at getting another young horse soon, but I think Pops didn’t have enough money. He often got mad when I’d ask about certain things. He’d mention cost when he was angry.
The fish hadn’t bit in an hour and the wind began to pick up. I wanted more time but knew Pops was gonna say we should go in. Come on you slimy snot sharks, bite! Father was starting to grumble, squinting at the trees, watching them rustle. The wind made a ruffling sound against our clothes. I liked the sound. The boat started to rock and the water was messy. Pops turned to me, mouth sour. He was about to say time for home. 
The end of my rod plunged downward. I knew it was a good eater, I could tell right away. I reeled and pulled, reeled and pulled, the pike fighting back, taking some line. I didn’t look to Pops and he didn’t look to me, but out of the corner of my eye, I saw his lips slant to one side. I wanted to stand but didn’t want to rock the boat. Reel, pull. 
The sun deflected off the rippling water, shining into my eyes. I kept working away at it, but my arms were burning, getting tired. 
Pops said, “Maybe the fish should be on the boat and you should be in the water.”
“I’m getting him,” I said through a grunt. 
“That right . . .” He twiddled his thumbs, leaning back with his eyes closed, the sun shining on his leathery skin. 
I stood. Couldn’t help it. The boat rocked. 
“If you flip us, I’m hangin’ you by your ankles in the barn for a week.”
“I got it. Here he comes.”
I got him up to the surface and boy was he a nice one. Real big. He thrashed and rolled to his side, floating, playing dead. The net was next to my father. He glanced at it and then looked back out into the trees, his mind somewhere else. I always wondered where it went.
The fish started to splash, bending the rod along with my tired wrist. I grabbed hold of the wooden shaft of the net while Pops took in a big breath that he seemed to enjoy. The fish was flailing. As stubborn as a woman, I’d heard him say once, cursing while fixing the front step of our house. I didn’t know a thing about women. I didn’t get to see girls very often, working on our farm out in the middle of nowhere. We only had a couple neighbors that were within walking distance. Pops asked me if I wanted to go to school, but I could tell he wanted me to stay. But maybe now with the new school in Eyebrow, I could go and talk to girls, see for myself how stubborn they were.
I reached forward with the net while the fish slashed about. Then, the weight was gone. “Shit!” I yelled louder than I had planned. My father’s boot met my shin, hard enough to hurt, and hard enough to sway the boat. I didn’t dare grab on to both sides for balance. 
“You can curse when it matters.”
“Sorry.”
His face was tense, his brow all scrunched. “Another lure gone?”
The jack must have inhaled it and bit the line. 
“Yes, sir.”
“Well, no difference to me. I’ll take your labor as payment.”
I worked plenty. It wasn’t fair. “Anytime is fine, all right? No work tomorrow.”
“Okay.” 
“We should get going then. Wind’s only getting worse.”
“Just a bit more? I’ll tie one on quick.”
“Hurry it up then.”
I didn’t expect another bite. But we went through a school. Pops even put a hook in the water. We made a nice haul. I could already smell the buttery fish in the pan. My mouth watered. 
“All right, now it’s time to go,” he said.

***
We paddled down the river. The current was weak. We went in on an angle toward shore. The bush was thick, so it was important that we docked exactly where our trail was.
Pops lead with the boat upside down and overhead. I held up the rear, the inside of the boat protecting my face from branches, but it stunk like fish. I had to be careful with each step as there were roots along the path that could trip me up or cause me to roll my ankle. The one time I caught my toe and fell knee first into some sharp rocks, skinning my knees badly. There was blood and little pebbles buried into my skin. Picking and cleaning the wound burned, but I hadn’t fussed any.
My shoulders burned from the weight of the boat, and I wanted to stop for a break but wouldn’t dare ask. It was about a mile through thick bush, and I was counting down the seconds until we made it through.
The sun was already hot against my skin, and I was sweating quite a lot. We made it through, but that wasn’t even half the battle. We’d gotten the boat fishy and it needed to be washed out with clean well water this time. Another three miles to go, no break; not yet, anyhow.
The birds were singing loudly. 
“Hickory Dickory Dock” sounded in my head. Wouldn’t leave.
I flexed out a loud fart and smiled. A few seconds later, Pops answered back with one of his own.
I lifted the boat high above my head to see where we were. Just passed Campbell’s farm. I could hear their cows mooing and could now smell the shit.
A blister was forming on the back of my heel. Rub, rub, rub. It was red and tingling, and I could feel it forming into a bubble. 
I was soaked in sweat.
My hands had been sliding everywhere, constantly regripping to get rid of the ache in-between my knuckles. Pops said I needed to improve my grip strength. Said I had hands of young city girl.
My shoulders were on fire, my breathing fast and short. I had a stitch in my side that wouldn’t leave, and the backs of my knees were itchy from ivy in the bush. Oh, how I wished for a cold glass of water and a cold fall breeze. Then some chocolate chip ice cream would be fine. 
We had made it. By God, we had made it. 
I collapsed to the ground after we set the boat down. Pops wiped his brow with a handkerchief, then his nose. I didn’t understand those rags. They were disgusting.
“Clean the boat. I’m taking Brownie to check the wheat. When you’re done with the boat, feed the chickens, check the coop, then you get going on that fence. You’ve been dragging your butt on that the last week.”
I was exhausted. The day had just begun, and I couldn’t wait for it to be over. The thought of that homemade fudge was the only thing that kept me going.
    


2

It was going to be a catch and release morning. We didn’t want to get the inside of the boat all slimy, and we had leftovers to eat yet. I could tell Pops didn’t want to fish, but he didn’t complain. Not a word. It was another perfect morning.
I loved that feeling when you get your line in the water, expecting a bite to come. If it happened within the first five minutes, it was sure a good sign. I kept my eyes on the tip of my rod, watching the line sloped into the water, slowly dragging with the current, bending the tip. I had to hold it at a certain angle, not too upright. The hills across the river looked smaller today for some reason. The odd time I would catch a deer walking between slopes, but typically they’d steer clear, sticking with open flat fields, chewing on grass around the edges. Five minutes had passed, and I gazed out all around me. Bushes to my right were ruffling with little loud birds. The hills to my left were bright green, a quiet road splitting them down the middle going uphill. The water sparkled east to west. We hadn’t drifted all that much. We approached a spot with some seaweed along the edges. I liked the murky smell. Pops called it our honey hole.
A jack hit hard. It was heavy. I fought it for quite some time. 
I got the fish over the edge and Pops helped with the net this time. Its belly was fat. I looked at my father and he looked at me. The way his lips shifted I could tell he wanted to smile, but he didn’t. He did that a lot.
“You’re filleting the fish and cleaning the boat.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“Don’t need to thank me. Just be thankful for another day in the sun. And I’ll be thankful for the rain that better come in the next few days.”
“Is it bad?” I asked.
“Not bad yet. Doesn’t take much to get bad though. Need some drops sooner than later.”
“Should we pray on it then?”
“No harm in it I suppose.”
Pops and I didn’t go to church. I think he was too sad about Mom leaving earth to do much talking with the Lord. He stole her when I was born. Pops didn’t talk much about her. I could tell he’d get upset when I asked questions, so I stopped asking. 
We caught fewer fish this time, but they were bigger eaters. We even got a walleye in the batch. I liked the taste of ‘em better, but Pops liked the pike better. He said they were denser. 
I stopped and we coasted along the river, watching the water, the odd fish splashing up. I was getting excited for our trip into Moose Jaw. There were butterflies in my stomach.
Our landing spot was close, but there was something there. We got closer and I realized that it was two men. Closer yet, I could see one was Pop’s age, one was young, maybe three or four years older than me. The older man grabbed hold of the nose of our boat and pulled us onto the sandy grass. I didn’t like his smile; it looked mean, and his teeth were yellow and spaced.
Pops looked very uneasy all of a sudden. His eyebrows were doing that squinting thing again. He stepped in front of me, blocking my view. 
“Good day, gentlemen,” said Pops.
The boy seemed nervous and the man looked all wrong. He smiled like he knew something we didn’t. He extended his hand and Pops took it. They pulled the rest of the boat onto the grass with me in it. The man’s shirt was dirty and torn in places, a white shirt underneath. He smelled of rotten sweat. 
“What brings you two here?” Pops asked with a friendlier than usual voice. 
They didn’t answer. The boy stepped back toward the bushes and that ugly smile grew on the older man’s face. But he didn’t speak. He spat into the bushes instead. 
“Can I help you boys with something?” Pops was getting mad. 
“You can help us with givin’ us them fish.”
“Pardon?”
“Now we both know I didn't stutter, Mr. Bronson. The fish. We'll take those off your hands.”
“Do I know you?”
I had never seen father like that before. He looked worried, maybe even scared. 
The man’s yellow-stained smile was terrifying. He played with a toothpick on the side, nestled up against pasty-white dried saliva. 
“I know you. That’s all that really matters.”
Pops’ eyes narrowed. He looked back at me and breathed loudly through his nose. He turned back to the ugly man. “You boys don't have any rods of your own? Not too difficult. River’s been hot as a pistol. Six miles west there is another trail wider than this one. You can toss your line from shore if you’d like, nice little sandbar there. Lay a towel down, have a picnic with your boy.”
The man’s laugh was horrible, cracks of phlegm in his throat. “A picnic . . .” He gurgled another nasty chuckle. “I ain't no fisherman, Frank. Busy operations these days. Be nice if we had the time to sit out on the creek. We don't have that, ah, luxury.”
Pops looked back at me with sad eyes. “Yeah, well we can spare you a few fish I s'pose.”
“Nah, that's all right. We'll take 'em all.”
“Yeah, of course.”
They grabbed the crate of fish, the younger boy taking it. It was heavy from the big pike and almost brought him to his knees. He grimaced and held it up. 
The man wasn’t finished. He took the tackle and rods, reaching past my knee. He looked up at me and winked. His breath was foul, like spoiled meat and smoke. I loved my rod, and some of my best lures were in that tackle. I didn’t have much left at home for supplies. 
Pops looked at me apologetically. He turned back to the evil man. “I guess you’re all set then.”
“Looks that way.”
“I didn’t get your name,” said Pops.
“Thank you kindly for your hospitality.” The man turned to me again with a smile. It gave me the willies. And just like that, they were gone down the trail, leaving us empty-handed. I wanted to push the boat downstream and never come back. 
“You okay?”
“They got my lucky lure.”
“I’ll try and find you one like it. Maybe in town.”
I had to keep my head down because I felt tears coming. Pops didn’t like it when I cried. 
“Nothing wrong with beans over the fire. Shouldn’t eat much anyway, save some room for that damn ice cream you’re always going on about. Right?” He said ”right” angrily. “Come on now. Boats not gonna lift itself.”
The walk was especially long. I didn’t like the way my father looked when that man took our fish. Pops was much bigger than that man, and somehow he was scared. It didn’t make any sense. 
My blister popped inside my shoe. I could feel the pus oozing, making my sock wet.
I had no energy left. There was no reason to make it into town. The taste of fudge was no longer something I wanted. I told Pops I wasn’t feeling well so we didn’t have to go. He let me sleep while he worked outside. I cried a little and let my heavy eyes close.
  


 
 






3

I woke in a fog. My sheets were damp around my neckline and my throat was desperately dry. How long had I slept? 
The door slammed. I walked out of my room. Our house was simple; made of logs, everything out in the open, the kitchen, the fireplace, our dinner table. Pops’ room was next to mine. It was all we needed.
There were two pots on the stove top. It smelled of chicken broth and green beans. I felt sick from sleeping forever, but the smell turned that sickness to hunger in a hurry. Pops stirred the soup and breathed in the smells. 
“You slept the day away.”
I didn’t say anything. I took a seat at the table. My head felt heavy still.
“Too bad. I would have made you a cake but— There are some things a man shouldn’t do, and some he just can’t.”
“That’s okay. Soup smells good.”
“Does, doesn’t it?” he said. “I was thinking we could play cards tonight if you’re able to stay awake.”
“Okay.”
I heard a noise outside; so did Pops. He rushed to the window. He turned to me with that same scared look in his eyes that I saw down by the river. “Billy, go to the crawl space.”
His voice cracked. Something within me moved, then made me understand. It was a feeling. “Is it because of your shed?”
“Billy—”
“Do they want your stuff?”
“Move, now!”
I shuffled quickly to the living room.
“Hurry,” Pops said.
I pulled the rug away, grabbed the rusted latch, and yanked it open. I stepped down the short ladder and dropped to the cold ground. I didn’t like it down there. It was dark and I could already feel spiders on me, even though they probably weren’t. Not yet anyway. The air was thicker down there, harder to breath. 
Pops looked down at me in a strange way. He paused, and I looked up at him, now more scared than ever. He held his gaze on me for a few seconds. Then he closed his eyes and pulled it shut, leaving me in the dark.
I remained standing, hunched over. I didn’t want to touch the ground. Spiders. 
I was no fool. I knew that my father sold that stuff that looked like water. He made it in his shed—not the barn—which I was never allowed to step foot in. He gave me a really angry belt lashing the one time. He only struck me three times, and I think he was about to stop, but I had begun to cry. He lashed me three more times because of it. Whatever that stuff was, it wasn’t allowed by the law. And it had been making us money, because the draught had been killing our crops for the last three years. It had been bad, and Pops had been angry. The last year and a half he had been spending a lot more time in that shed. Sometimes people would come here to get it, sometimes he’d load up Brownie and head out. 
Now a spider was on me. It got up my pant leg and was heading for my rear. There were webs everywhere, and my head was right in line with them. My legs grew tired so I sat. I heard footsteps outside and words muttered. 
Then I heard the knock on the door. They hammered on it over and over. 
“Frank! Just wanna have a couple words with you, that's all!”
“Get the hell off my property,” shouted Pops. 
“Now, now. No need for any hostility here. We just wanna have a chat with you, that's all.”
“I suggest you leave right now!”
“This is no way to treat a guest, Frank! Come on Franky-boy! Play nice, now.”
It went quiet. Footsteps shuffled outside, then quiet again. My breaths had grown shallow. I couldn’t stand the dark hole any longer. 
“We want nothing to do with you folk. Leave us be!”
“The way you left us be? There’s been some overlap, Frank, and I know you know what I’m talkin’ about! It's gotta be a two-way street, Mr. Bronson!”
It went quiet. Suddenly, our house shook and I fell to my butt. Dust flooded into my mouth and eyes. I couldn’t breathe, couldn’t see. My ears were ringing from the loud bang. I curled up in a ball on the cool soil and kept my eyes closed, taking small breaths so I wasn’t breathing in the dirt.
There were more footsteps outside.
The conversation was muffled, but I could still hear Pops. He was okay. 
Then it got loud; that ugly man was angry. “Mr. Sinclair isn't very fond of this operation you have here. Now, that may have been a small problem, even with you minding your own business. But when you start interfering with ours, that there's a major problem. I assume the stills in the back?”
He must have been talking about the shed. I had never heard that name before. Sinclair.
The dust was starting to settle and up ahead, I noticed a crack in the floorboards underneath where the man may have been standing. I crawled over, some loose rocks poking my knees. I pressed my ear close. My heart was racing wildly. 
“We have a certain predicament on our hands here, don't we? What do you figure, Jeremy?”
Jeremy must have been the boy. His young voice muttered something that I couldn’t make out. 
“He don't know. Well, I have a couple ideas. Question is, which one works best? We could shoot you and take your gear, stills and all. Or we could take everything, and let you live. Where is that boy of yours?”
“Let you live.” They were going to kill Pops. There was a door leading outside the crawl space. I could crawl out and run for the shed. The last time I stepped foot in there, I remembered seeing a rifle. I could go get it without them seeing me. I would tell them to leave or I’ll shoot. 
I could hear Pops. “You're dead before you pull that trigger, boy. You need to run. Run far away from here. I'm beggin’ you, son. Just walk away.”
I wanted to move, but I couldn’t. I wished we had gone to town. We should have. If it wasn’t for me sleeping, Pops would be safe. I would be safe. We would be on the road back home. We would have returned and spotted them from a distance and kept on riding by. We could have gone anywhere else.
The dirt was no longer cold on my hands. The sweat was now dripping off my neck, my forehead wet too. I never did get that glass of water and my tongue was pasty. I wish we never met that monster and the boy. I wish we were out on the boat in the sun, floating down the river past our docking spot. We could just keep going, let it take us into the lake. 
Gunfire sounded off.
It was almost as loud as the explosion. 
I thought I screamed, but nothing came out.
Another crackling shot. Bodies thudding. Footsteps.
I never got a birthday cake, but that was okay. Pops would pull the wishbone from the soup stock and I’d make a wish as I pulled for the bigger half. But I didn’t get a chance to make my wish, so I made it anyway, trapped underneath my home. Please let my father be okay. 
Two more gunshots rang out. One bad man, one bad boy. I didn’t want the boy to be shot, but it was the best option. He should have known better than to be with that yellow-toothed monster. 
Screams and groans had blended with the gunfire, and now only the creaking body weight sounded. It was too quiet.
The next voice I heard did not belong to Pops.
***
I waited for hours. I could hear they had vehicles outside and they were walking back and forth to my father’s forbidden shed. The sunlight was no longer peeking through the cracks, and the dark became pitch black.
Pops didn’t make a sound. I wanted to check on him but I was too frightened, too much of a coward.
Finally, the sound of their vehicles drifted away and all I could hear was my own breathing. What would I see when I walked into my home? Would my father’s eyes be open or closed? My heart ached, my stomach swirled, and I couldn’t stop thinking about the blood, about death. Thinking about death had kept me awake many nights. It was confusing to think about there being an end. Just nothing. It made me feel sick.
I smelled smoke. It seeped through the floorboards and I could feel the warmth. Then, in an instant, I was choked by it. It tunneled in all around me, and I couldn’t breathe. I couldn’t think. 
My skin was roasting, flames burning the floor red, flakes of ash falling onto my skin and burning me. I scrambled for the secret cubbyhole out the side of my house. My house that was going to burn to the ground with Pops inside. 
I burst through the small door. The air tasted sweet and the pines never smelled so strong. I coughed and I coughed, trying to free my lungs from it. I turned to run to the front door but was stuck. Stuck, staring up as the flames burst through the roof and outside my kitchen window. I moved. The door was open, but all I could see was flames. Big dancing flames with no way around. 
I screamed. I ran up, took one quick step in, and felt pain worse than when I broke my arm playing on the rope swing by the river. It was different, but worse. My leg had caught fire. I dove to the ground and rolled first, then patted it down with my hands and tufts of grass. My skin was melted away in spots, red underneath and black around the edges.
The roof fell in, the sound of crumpling lumber followed by another burst of fire into the air. The sun had long fallen and the moon had brightened. It was three-quarters full. The flames reached out for it, almost touching. 
I just sat and watched it all come down. The fire roared and I fell into a daze. 
Pops had taught me how to make a fire without matches and paper, using rocks and sticks instead. It would take me forever and my hands would be terribly sore, but I had gotten better at it as of late.
I then realized that he would never teach me anything again.

 








5

What scared me the most was that I wasn’t scared. I was sort of . . . numb.
I found myself sitting in the bushes not a hundred yards from the blackened foundation of my home. My father was mixed in with the rubble. I couldn’t leave. And I had no idea where I’d go if I could build up enough courage to go. Go where?
Campbell’s farm was close. I didn’t know them that well, but they seemed kind enough. They were quiet like us. When they spread manure, we’d catch the smell downwind. I didn’t mind though. It made me think of gardens and fresh fruit and vegetables. I liked carrots. Raw or cooked with both butter and onions was nice as well. What would I say to them when I arrived at their front door? The bad man burned down my house with my father in it? You remember my pops, don’t you? Mr. Frank Bronson. He’s ashes now sir, may I live with you?
My tenth birthday had come, but it had not gone. I felt stuck, and somehow being in the bush made me comfortable. Pops always said follow your gut instincts. It was that or get busy working. So, I guess best thing to do was both at once.
***
The trail out back was long and winding, narrow and rooted. It would take me to grid 76 and into Moose Jaw. I didn’t know what I would do when I got there. It was a better option than the path that led to Campbell’s.  I couldn’t bear the thought of walking passed the big black stain where my father lay. 
Brownie . . . had they taken Brownie? I could ride him into town. It would only take a few hours then. Otherwise, it would take me a full day of travel by foot, unless someone picked me up along the way. I was already tired, and it was night.
I decided I would stay the night with the wilderness and sleep under the stars. It was dry enough, and the mosquitoes were not as bad as other years.
It took me only twenty minutes to make it to the clearing where my tree fort was. I climbed up the ladder I had made and I sat on the floor covered with bird poop and looked out my cut-out window. I could see the trail leading all the way to an open field that didn’t belong to us. Then, to the west was the road. I climbed back down, remembering something I had left behind. It was from a time not long ago when my father had upset me. He had struck me with the back of his hand instead of the belt. It hurt. His prints were left on my face and my eyes had filled and spilled. I didn’t want to cry; I had gotten good at not crying, but I couldn’t help it. He walked away from me without a word, into the pea field without looking back at me.
So, I stole a log of his snuff. He had let me try it the first time I asked. The only instruction he gave me was not to swallow it. So I pinched some between my fingers like I’d seen him do many times, and I put it on my tongue, trying to squish most of it in my lip. It was foul, bitter, and burned my throat instantly as I swallowed the juices. My face must have turned green and my stomach got real mad at me. I could feel the flakes catching in my throat and I swallowed over and over again, my throat dry, only taking down the nasty taste. Pops always had his pinch in the evening inside our home, sitting in his beaver-pelted chair, rocking back and forth as he read gunslinging stories. He loved his stories. I had taken my pinch inside as well. I sprung to my feet and paused to decide if I’d blow my innards. I ran three quick strides, then dropped to my knees and made a mess. I had to clean it. Halfway through, I got sick again from the pieces still floating in my mouth and from the taste that wouldn’t leave. So I started over. 
Pops said it was a lesson that had to be learned. That if I had liked it, I could have a pinch when he had a pinch. One would have to last at least one month between the two of us. But if I didn’t like it, I could never have it again. 
It was a mean trick and I was angry. He could have just told me how terrible it was.
I walked only a few footsteps into the trees off the path and knelt down to dig. It didn’t take much digging. I pulled out the sack I had placed there and opened it up to make sure it was all still there. One billfold of cash—ten dollars’ worth—one pocketknife, and five cans of Copenhagen wrapped tightly in tape. Pops had asked me calmly if I’d taken the money. I lied and he believed me. I didn’t like the way that felt. 
I made a fire. It only took me three tries with whittled sticks and twigs and leaves underneath. I blew underneath the twigs and continued to feed it until it was a decent enough size. I found the best spot I could and lay on my back, looking up at the stars. There weren’t many that night.
I was tired but didn’t sleep a wink. I heard a wolf howl and it sounded lonely. He howled three times with the same space between each one, and I could tell it was the same one, no friends to join him. Maybe he was calling out for them. I howled back, my voice cracking at the end of it. He never howled back to me. I must have scared him off. He could probably tell I was no real wolf, just a stupid boy in the bush. 
The morning came, and it turned out I had slept. My back hurt from the lumpy ground as I got up to dust myself off. I made sure the fire was out, gathered my items, and exhaled, knowing what I had to do. 
I walked back down the trail and stopped when I reached the edge of the tree line. Nothing had changed. It was all gone, and I was still awake, not dreaming. It had happened. I moved ahead, keeping right against the bush, away from my home that used to be. I turned my back to it, not wanting to see, and I entered the shed, its sliding door already open. Everything was gone. They must have taken his machine that made the special water that people needed. I walked back out and crossed over to our barn.
As soon I stepped in, I heard a whinny from Brownie. Thank goodness, they didn’t take him. Chickens were there too. If I had to live on my own, it was nice to know I had some eggs for breakfast. 
I petted Brownie’s nose and he fussed a little at first, probably still scared from the bad man that came. He calmed down and leaned over the edge toward me, enjoying my pets. I was so happy to see my friend was okay. He was a good old horse, and I’d never let anything happen to him from here on out. I walked to the far left corner of the barn and climbed up a ladder to the loft and reached around the corner until my fingertips touched the .22 that my father had hidden. He’d only let me use it when I was with him. I knew better than to shoot the big rifle without him, but this was my gun and I was darn good at handling it. I didn’t want to be cocky or nothing, but I bet I could give Pops a run for his money with this gun. I’d shoot anything with it really. Squirrels, rabbits, crows, gophers, you name it.
“Wait here, Brownie. I’ll be right back for you.”
I gathered supplies that I figured would be of any use to me. I put them all in a pile outside, well away from the blackened remains. Canned goods, ammunition for my .22, saddle for Brownie, filleting knives, my boat, extra rod, filled grain crate with water, rope, a roll of fishing line, and an old set of antique forks and knives that Pops got from his momma. They were fancy, with flowers on some of ‘em. How and where I was gonna lug this stuff to, I did not know. 
Sitting in my boat, my Pops’ belongings all around me, I turned to face my burned home. 
 







6

Ash crumbled in my hands and fell back down to the ground. There was nothing left that I could recognize. I inched around the outside of the rubble, picking at charred items, but nothing was of much use. I moved close to the center, looking down at my feet to make sure I didn’t fall in any kind of hole. 
There was nothing. My bed where I slept, the fireplace that I’d watch crackle and snap, the kitchen often smelling of beans or chicken stew, the creaking front door, the window that looked out into the fields forever.
And then, I spotted something.
It was a foot. It was mostly darkened bones, chunks of flesh in spots. I wanted to look away, but I couldn’t stop staring at it. Brownie snorted and nickered, and I looked skyward for a second, but there was Pops’ foot still. The birds sung loud and sharp. The wind rustled the trees and blew my hair back. His foot was still there. 
My knees were wobbly and weak, my skin damp and sticky. There was nowhere for me to go. My breaths were short, catching on something in my throat. There was rubble on top of the rest of where his body was. I didn’t want to, but my hand reached out and I pulled a piece of crumbled wall up and over, revealing the rest of my pops. It wasn’t him anymore. The burns were so horrible. His face was melted away, his mouth open, his body caved in, his eyes . . .
Finally, I was able to look away.

***
The next thing I remembered was looking into the eyes of Peter Campbell. His face was scruffy with white hair mixed in. I was sitting. He was saying things, asking me questions, but I wasn’t hearing him. He touched my burned pant leg and then my arm. It was red with black round the edges. His fingers touched around the red skin and I winced. Over his shoulder, I saw a woman. She leaned forward, looking at me like I was a monster, but she never said a word.
I could smell something cooking. Porridge maybe. I was inside the entrance of Campbell’s home, nodding along to Mr. Campbell. Had I walked there? Did I leave Brownie behind? 
“It’s Billy, right?” I didn’t answer, but I heard as clear as day. “Well, we’ll call you Billy for now. I’ll go check on your father and bring back that horse you’ve been going on about. You just stay put here and Martha will get your belly full and warm. That work for you?”
He was nice, but spoke sternly like my father. He scratched at his beard, still bent over, looking me in the eye. 
“Yes, thank you,” I squeaked out. 
He looked pleased to get an answer from me. 
The woman spoke. She was worried. “Peter, you’d better hurry. The boy is completely stunned. His face is as white as a snowflake doily. Hurry up.”
“Right. Okay.” 
Behind Peter, squeezing between a cracked open door from a bedroom, a tiny kitten scampered out. He was black, his hair frizzy, eyes steel blue. His tail was strangely short. He ran up to my feet, looked up, and meowed at me, showing his little red tongue and sharp teeth. Peter followed my eyes down and picked up the kitten. He placed him in my lap and the kitten meowed again. His fur was soft. After two strokes, I could feel his purrs against my hand. 
“Need you to keep an eye on this one for me.” He smiled for the first time, and I looked back down at the kitten and it stared up at me. 
“Right then, I’ll be back,” he said.
After Mrs. Campbell cleaned my burns, I ate three bowls of porridge with brown sugar and cut-up apples. It was delicious, and I could hardly wait for tomorrow so I could eat it again, if they allowed me to stay. I hadn’t given it much thought. Hadn’t given anything much thought really. Mrs. Campbell didn’t ask me any questions, which I was thankful for. She stood very tall. Her face was pointed and tense, her eyebrows often clenched.
“You poor thing. You’ve got hollow legs. When was the last time you ate?”
“I can’t remember,” I said. 
“Well, we’ll make sure you’re good and full around here.” She sighed. “I hope everything is all right over there.”
I looked back for the kitten but couldn’t see him. Mrs. Campbell must have seen me do this, because she went back into that room and came out with the fur ball. She placed it in my lap and it stared up at me again. The kitten climbed halfway up my stomach and meowed so loud it was like he was shouting at me. I petted him, and he curled into a ball on my lap and closed his eyes. 
“We don’t allow animals in our kitchen. Not even in our home for that matter. Too hot in the afternoons for the little ones though. Don’t want them cooking alive out there. Best to keep mother cool too. So let’s just keep this our little secret okay?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“You’re a man of few words, aren’t you?”
“Sometimes.”
“That’s all right. Too many people saying things they shouldn’t be saying anyway. Nothing wrong with a little peace and quiet. That’s why we live out here. Guess your daddy probably feels the same. How were your crops last year?” She wiped her hands on her apron. “Right, dry as a fart, just the same as us, of course . . . I told Peter we should get some cows. Course we both don’t know a thing about cattle. Crazy thinking.”
I held the fur ball tightly to my chest as I followed Mrs. Campbell around the yard. She told me to call her Martha, so I did. The afternoon heat was at its peak, and she said we wouldn’t be out for much longer and that she was caught up on her work so she would spend the day with me inside. I didn’t say much, but I did ask if she had any books, which she said she did. She said some weren’t for children, but some were.
They had a black horse, but he didn’t like me none. He backed up with a jolt when I tried to touch his nose. I missed Brownie and hoped he was okay. I loved the white patch that ran from his neck to his belly.
I looked down at fur ball. He was half asleep, his eyes cracked in slits, trying to fight off sleep. 
“You can give him a name, you know.”
I shook my head, uncertain.
“You should. He’s yours.”
She looked at him curled in my hands up against my chest. She laughed. It made her sound younger than she looked. “Clearly he’s not mine anymore. He’s yours now, whether you like it or not. He’s your responsible. She actually, my mistake. Only girl of the litter. Seems to have taken a real shining to you, Billy.”
I felt bad for Brownie because I liked the cat so much already.
“Our old barn . . .” She glanced up at the rafters, shaking her head with a smile. “Took us about three months too many to complete, after which it has been nothing but a headache for Peter and me. Leaking, snow buildup sent the roof caving in the one winter, pests and critters giving bother, pen broke, Mountie here got out. Yeah, seems there’s always something. But what do you do? Life is the way the river flows, yeah?”
She showed me their new tractor parked by a working shed. A John Deere. It was beautiful. Green was my new favorite color.
Martha said Peter would take me for a ride sometime. I ran my hand along the warm steel, a patch of grease staining my fingertips. The shed was filled with all kinds of tools. It would have been heaven on earth for Pops. I walked up to a bench, a vice grip there with a two-by-four clamped. It was dusty and dirty in there, but the floor was swept clean, some dirt laid over oil spills. I liked the smells of grease and oil. I was never scared to work, just didn’t know too much about fixing things. Pops tried to teach me, but would get frustrated when I fumbled around. He’d leave me to work on it by myself and I would eventually figure things out. I built the chicken coop almost all by myself, though it wasn’t very good. Pops built in some fencing to help keep them in. 
Martha introduced me to their dog, Cocky. She was an old thing, had that black gook around her eyes. She sort of looked like a Lassie but mixed with some other kind of dog. She had shorter legs, and her mouth was shaped like she was smiling. She was panting. The sun was too hot for her. I would have liked to pet her, but I was too busy holding on to fur ball.
“This heat would beat the life out of a Mexican corn picker. Let’s get on inside and wait for Peter to get back. I’ll show you some of those books and get going on the rhubarb pie. You like rhubarb pie?” 
“I’ve never had it before.”
“Just apple then?”
“Never had any pie, ma’am.”
“Right, course. Your pops surely wasn’t no baker.” Her face had turned red for some reason, and she appeared to be sad again. “Come on then.”
Cocky followed us to the steps but didn’t try and get inside. Instead, she crawled underneath the steps into the shade, her tongue dragging to the side. 
It didn’t take long and I was lost in a book. The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. It was the most appropriate one for me, she said. I sunk into the story, was there with Dorothy, lost from home, missing it, exploring my new world, trying to get back home. Home. The word pulled me out of the story and reminded me what my home was; ash and bones. Because of the man with yellow teeth and the bad water, Pops was gone.
The bearskin rug scrunched between my toes. I sat up, my ribs sore from lying in one position for so long, my left hand asleep and tingling as I wiggled it to wake it up. Out the window, I saw the sun was gone and the sky was a blueish-gray. I watched Martha bustle around the kitchen, setting the table, checking on her pie in the oven. The aroma filled the house and rolled my stomach around. My mouth watered at the thought of eating a hot slice. The smell of dessert blended with cooked ham. I only had ham once in a while, but boy did I love it. I hoped I wasn’t a bother for Martha and Peter, eating food that wasn’t supposed to be for me. I wondered if they had kids that were older and gone now. They didn’t look old enough for that too be true though. 
I could feel something against my foot. It was my kitten, and she was asleep, purring loudly.
“Have you named her yet?” Martha shouted from the kitchen. 
I had never given a name to an animal before. I didn’t know what was best. A person name or a funny one, like after a food or game or silly story. I looked at my book to mark my page. 
“Dorothy,” I said in a quick shout, surprised by my finding.
“A fine name!” Martha seemed pleased, so I was too.
She called me to the table and served up a plate of ham, corn, and potatoes with onions. I hardly took a breath as I devoured my plate.
“I was going to say we should wait for Peter to start. Or prayer at least.”
I glanced up from my plate at her, worried to death that I had been so rude. She smiled warmly and her laugh made her young again, like a young pretty woman. She had been teasing me.
“I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be. Boys gotta eat, just as the sun’s gotta shine.”
I looked down at my plate again, tears filling my eyes for no damn reason. I spoke quietly, “A man came to my house. He was ugly. He shot my father and burned my house to the ground while I was underneath hiding. I climbed out and watched the flames. That’s how I got my burns. I slept in the bush after.”
She moved her mouth to speak, but words didn’t come out. Martha grabbed the chair and slid it over next to me, making a squeaky noise against the hard floor. She sat. Her long fingers rested on my back and then scratched gently, making me feel tired. She looked out the window into their backyard where a tire swing hung still. Her hand rested still against my back and she turned to me, her eyes as clear as a prairie sky. 
“Would you like some pie before bed?”
“Yes, please.”
Just then, the footsteps sounded and I shook. “It’s just Peter. You’re all right,” she said.
I clutched at the edge of my chair, expecting that man, that face, that smile, the shrill nastiness dressed in polite words.
The door opened and rain splattered against the window, the drops heavy. It was the rare rain that my father had been asking for the last couple of weeks.
Peter’s face looked blank.
He glanced at me, then Martha. I heard Brownie whinny outside. 
Peter didn’t leave the front mat. He closed the door. Silence filled the room, Dorothy’s soft snores now heard. Peter shifted his stance, removed his hat, and held it at his waist with both hands in front. “I . . . uh . . . I should take Brownie to the barn. Get him out of the rain and introduce him to Mountie.” 
Martha turned away, her face wrinkled in pain like she had stubbed her toe or hit a finger with a hammer. It seemed as though Peter had told her without a word and she knew, just as I knew, it would never be the same. 
Peter cleared his throat. “Say, Billy. You better come help me with that horse of yours.”
Martha turned back. “It’s coming down in waves, Peter. The boy just finished—”
“Martha, it rains a lot less inside the barn. He’ll be fine.” He extended his hand and waved me over. “Coming?”
I rose from my chair. Martha’s eyes were filled with tears and I needed to leave. I needed to see my friend Brownie who must have been so frightened. 
“Smells nice,” said Peter. He placed his hat back on and we walked into the pouring rain. I always loved the smell of rain. 

   



Part II




















7
1926 (Six years later).

My hands were tired and I was sick of handling raw meat all day. In the back corner of the barn where I worked, a draft was blowing in, freezing my feet. We made two types of sausage. One was with pork that we’d get from the butcher in Eyebrow, the other was elk or moose, depending on what I had shot. Martha had two recipes, and the seasoning was distinctly different for each kind. I enjoyed hunting, but I liked the taste of the pork kind more. It was jucier with more flavor. Martha would grind and mix the meat, and Peter and I would fill the casings. We had a separate room we added on to the barn, used to smoke the sausage. Everyone from town would make trips out to buy our product. People would even come from Moose Jaw, and sometimes others just traveling by who had heard of us by word of mouth.
To this day, Martha hadn’t told me the recipe. I don’t think Peter knew it either. Not that he cared to know anyway. He was just happy that people kept coming. He said that our product was now a ”premium” one, and we had to price it accordingly. They were making a decent dollar at twenty-five cents a pound.
I finished up the last coil, stuffing the mix in with a long, skinny spoon we’d made. It worked pretty near perfect for filling the coils. I had a little bit left over and heard my good friend Dorothy meow up at me. I’m not sure where she’d gotten off to, but her black fur was covered in dirt so she must have been rolling around somewhere. Her ears perked up and her blue eyes looked at me intently, desperate for some scraps. I tossed her the remainder of the meat and she chewed it up quickly.
I had been with the Campbells ever since my father was murdered. They took me in and treated me fairly. We worked hard, had three good years, three not so good years, and had a roof over our head for all six. Martha was a damn good cook and kept us fed at all hours. That was one thing; we were never hungry.
After the first six months of my stay, they asked if I wanted to go to school, but I never cared for the idea of it. Maybe I had gotten comfortable with the work, maybe I was scared and just chickened out.
Brownie was long gone. He died a few years back, and we had a proper burial a few quarters over. Cocky, their old dog, passed on too. Brownie got along well with her, so we buried them next to one another. Mountie took some getting used to, but he eventually rode smooth with me and he let me guide him without fighting it.
My job on the farm changed every day. It was never the same and I was glad for that. For the first two years, Peter used the tractor while I thrashed the fields with Mountie. Then Peter was able to afford a second tractor, and after some practice, he trusted me with it. We used the chickens from my old place to keep the line going, and they were my responsibility. After that, I would take orders from Peter each morning while we had our coffee. He’d line up the day and I’d get busy until the sun fell. Martha would sometimes bring our meals out to us during spring and fall, but she preferred us around her dinner table. She said we had to eat like a proper family. Peter would grumble, but he didn’t test Martha too often.
We were through February and starting to see some warmer weather. The past winter had been a horrible one, everything frozen stiff, winds always howling.
I took Dorothy inside, which was frowned upon, but accepted in the winter as long as she stayed in my room. I lay on my bed and looked up at the roof. Dorothy jumped up and sat on my chest and started licking my fingers, getting every last bit of sausage flavor. Her short, fluffy tail swayed around joyously as she licked and purred.
I was bored. I had just finished my most recent book, Murder on the Orient Express, and I had to return to the library in Eyebrow for some new material. I was taking a liking to anything with a mystery, though I often fancied a gunslinging story. I admired some of the outlaws. I had gotten pretty good with a rifle myself. Peter didn’t feel the need to shoot anymore, as he only ever hunted purely for the purpose of meat. I, however, enjoyed the entire experience. I rarely missed.
I was bored every night. I hardly ever made it into Moose Jaw because Peter didn’t like it when I left. It was too far, and there wasn’t enough light in the day.
There was a knock at my door. Martha crept in. “Your supper is in the fridge. Come eat.”
“I’m not hungry.”
“You haven’t had a thing. You’ll wither to nothing and blow away with the wind.”
“I’ll eat something with coffee in the morning.”
“All right. You feeling okay?”
“Just tired.”
“Okay . . . I didn’t see that damn cat.” She smirked. “Come join us by the fire in a bit if you’d like.”
“Thanks, Martha.”
“Of course.”
She closed the door behind her. Dorothy’s purring slowed and her eyes were open, staring into mine. Her black pupils narrowed and she wiggled her nose, then remained still. She meowed loudly with her chin up high.
There was a knock at the door, but it wasn’t my room. It was outside. 
I could hear other voices and then my name was called by Martha. I set Dorothy down and she curled up on my pillow, where she would leave some black fur. I walked out and stopped on a dime. A man and a young girl stood in our entrance. She looked to be my age.
“Billy, set these folks up with some sausage. They’ve made a large detour just for this,” said Peter.
The girl . . . her hair was frazzled, her skin pale, her eyes a dull gray. She was small in stature. She looked weak, her brow shaped like she was scared, and it remained unchanged. Her smile was nice, but it quickly faded. They were waiting on me, staring at me. 
“What’s the matter?” said Peter. “That cat got your tongue?”
I moved toward the door, unable to take my eyes off of her. Finally, I looked to her father as I made it to the entrance.  He appeared unimpressed. 
“Out back in the barn. You two follow and Billy will look after you. Twenty-five cents a pound, no negotiating out here.”
“That’s fine. Thank you.”
We stepped outside, and there sat his car. It was a brand-new Chevrolet Master, shiny black. It was beautiful. I had never driven in a vehicle before. The man, he must have been a businessman from Moose Jaw. He wore a shirt and tie with fancy suspenders, his hat crisp, shades of blue around the brim. His shoes shone as much as his car. 
“You around the backside of that barn?” he asked.
“Yes, sir.”
“All right then. I’ll drive around and help load.”
Now it was just me and her. My heart was beating faster. I walked ahead of her instead of beside her, but I shouldn’t have done that. It was rude maybe. She followed closely behind into the barn without saying a word, and then she stopped. I turned back, and she was staring at Mountie. 
She walked up and extended her hand slowly, then rested it on his nose. He didn’t fight her at all. He liked her. “You’re friendly aren’t ya?” Her voice was a whisper, shaky and nervous. “Yes, you’re beautiful,” she said.
She turned back to me and her face turned a light red. She tucked her dirty-blond hair behind her ear. “Sorry.” She looked down to the ground. 
“What are you sorry for?” I asked.
“Oh . . . Not my place.” She glanced at the ground, then back to me. Her wrinkled dress flowed through the bottom of her brown parka passed her knees. Her coat looked as if it belonged to a man, as it hung long and loosely. Maybe it was her father’s, or a brother’s perhaps. 
“It’s this way.”
She shuffled ahead with her eyes on the hay-ridden floor, following me to the smoke room in the back. I slid the back door open for her father to join. He was parked out back but appeared to be playing with his radio dial. I wished so badly to drive his car.
I sorted out two pounds of pork sausage and one pound from an elk I shot. She looked around at the hanging meats, the stove, the walls, her feet, anything but me. I made her nervous because of something I had done. I just wasn’t sure what that was. 
I handed her one bag, and her father stepped in and took it from her. “Not a bad setup. Is this really the best of the best like people say?”
“I don’t know about all that, sir. Probably other good places, just tough to believe any would be any better.”
“Yeah, well. I’m sure it’ll be just fine.”
I nodded and smiled. He handed his daughter the money and took the other bags. 
“I just got one more bag here, sir.”
“All right then, I’ll be in the car.”
He left. 
“What’s your name?”
“Ilene.”
Ilene. She did sort of lean. Her shoulders were rolled forward and she walked too lightly, carefully almost, like she was going to break. Her voice was as timid as her stance. 
“That’s nice.” I smiled like a fool. “You’re from Moose Jaw then?”
“Yeah.” She spoke softly. Somewhere between a scared child and someone’s grandmother. 
“You don’t farm then?”
“No.”
I used a twisted wire tie for the last bag of sausage.
“Blakely Contractors. Daddy builds things. Pretty much anything really.”
“Oh, that’s good. Where you coming from at this hour?”
“Visiting my grandparents in Rosthern. Also, stopped to look at the school they got there. The junior college. Have you heard of it?”
“No, is it nice?”
“Yes, very.” She wiped at the corner of her mouth. I could tell she was ready to leave, leaning toward the door. Just then, Dorothy came charging in, making cat noises as cats do. 
“Oh my, you’re a frisky one.” Dorothy rubbed up against her leg and accepted pets from Ilene graciously, begging for more. 
“Sorry about that.”
“What’s his name?”
“Her. It’s Ilene.”  Her eyes widened. 
“No, it’s Dorothy,” I said with a stupid chuckle.
She laughed and covered her mouth.
“She likes you a lot. Normally she only gets close to me.”
“That’s nice,” she whispered to herself. “We’re not in Kansas anymore are we, Dorothy?” She straightened back up. “She’s lovely.”
“She’s okay.”
I wanted to speak, but couldn’t think of anything clever to say. I didn’t know what she was thinking of me. I just stared at her. 
“Well, I better go. Father’s waiting.”
“Of course.” I handed her the last bag.
She didn’t turn to leave right away. “It was nice meeting you,” she said to the floor again.
“You too . . . I hope your dad likes it. That way you’ll have to come back out here for more.”
She tucked her hair back behind her ear again. “Oh—Ah—Okay.”
“All right, drive safely.”
“Thank you.”
She walked off with a hitch on her right side. It looked painful, the way she walked. Maybe she had been in an accident of some kind.
After she’d gone, I felt a strange emptiness.
Maybe she was just shy. I should have talked more, asked her more questions. She knew The Wizard of Oz. I should have talked about that, but it was too late. I’d probably never see her again.
Dorothy jumped halfway up my leg and yelled at me. 

   
 




8

I couldn’t sleep. My mind was restless. I opened up the drawer in my nightstand and reached for a loose tin that had rolled to the back, away from the others still wrapped together. I opened the lid and slid my pointer finger and thumb around the edge of the tin and took a healthy pinch of snoose. I tucked it into my lip and the familiar bitter taste of Copenhagen soothed me. I picked the stray flakes off my tongue and wiped them on the corner of my nightstand. The juices built and I swallowed it down.
I didn’t know where I needed to go; I just had to get out. I put on my jacket and cracked my door open. I’d taken two steps toward the entrance when I heard a noise from the kitchen. Martha was getting a glass of water; she was a light sleeper. I turned around to go back inside my room, but was interrupted by the snapping of her fingers.
I turned and she waved me over with a scowl. I stepped forward into the light and she examined my face with a stern look. She didn’t ask where I was going. Instead, her hand shot out and squeezed my cheeks hard, folding my bottom lip outward, some of the snuff almost spilling out. “What’s this?” she whispered. 
She pinched my lip. “Not in my house.” Her grouchy glare finally faded and her hand fell to her side. “What you do outside when I’m not around, that’s your business. But not in my house, you hear me?”
“Yes ma’am.”
Just at the right time, Dorothy scurried out of my room and waited at the front door, meowing obnoxiously loud. 
Martha sighed. “If that thing wakes up Peter it’ll be the end of all of us. At the very least the cat. I’ll have to hide the guns.”
“It’s cold out still.”
“Wouldn’t be a problem if you hadn’t made the thing so dependent on the house. It’s like another mouth to feed. She should be eating mice, Billy.”
“Peter won’t see. I’ll keep her just a couple more weeks; it’ll warm up soon.”
She sipped her water from an old coffee cup. “Fine.” She brought her slender hand to her lips, chewed the nail of one finger. Her hands were large, her long fingers now beginning to wrinkle. They were graceful in the kitchen light, soft along the fingers, calloused and rough at the top of her palms. “You two are putting in that new barn door you’ve been working on for the past forever. You should be sleeping by now.”
“I couldn’t.”
“Yeah . . . me neither.” She handed me her cup, and I took a sip and handed it back. “So, where you off to then?”
“I don’t know.” I really didn’t. Maybe to see Mountie, maybe to walk for miles until I reached the river. 
“Wherever it is you’re going, it won’t help you sleep any. You’ll be all wound up from the cold when you get back. Be up all night.”
“I’ll stay, not sure what I was doing.”
“Okay then.” 
“Goodnight, Martha.”
Her hand suddenly touched mine. 
“You like it here, Billy?”
“Yeah. Why are you asking me that?”
“Just wanted to make sure, I guess.” She let go and dumped her cup in the sink. “You don’t say too much in a day. But maybe that’s ‘cause we don’t give you enough reason to.” 
“I like it here. I swear it.”
She smiled. A younger version of her sneaked out. She was pretty. “That’s good. We do what we can. It’s not always something to write home about, but we’re proud. Proud of you too.”
I didn’t know what to say. She looked embarrassed, and I felt badly for not saying anything.
“Well, go on then, whatever it is you’re gonna do. You’ll awake to fresh coffee.”
“Goodnight,” I said.
I walked to the center of the living area and glanced at my bedroom door, then at Dorothy waiting patiently at the front door. As I walked out into the cold, I heard a shuddering exhale from the kitchen. When I turned, Martha was walking back to her room with her head down. 
The night was bright with stars. There wasn’t a spot I could find in the sky that was bare. It was brisk, but not that icy feeling that would hurt one’s spine or sting their face and lungs. Dorothy and I walked to the barn to see Mountie. She was sleeping standing up. What a strange thing. 
We walked to the shed next. I swept the floors, hung up tools that had been left on the floor or bench. Some fresh snow had built up in front of the barn, so I went back and shoveled that away. I was going to do the front of our house but didn’t want to risk waking Peter. 
Once I could no longer think of anything else to do, I thought of Ilene. I wished I could talk to her again, do a better job next time. I hoped there’d be a next time, though I had my doubts.
***
Morning had come too soon. After wrestling with the stubborn sliding door for three hours, she entered my mind yet again. I wondered what hurt her with each step taken. I wondered if she was safe, if she had friends at school, if she read lots of stories, if she liked music.
I wondered if she wondered about me.
I sneaked away after I had fed the chickens, finished installing the sliding barn door, hauled water to the house, and brushed Mountie. I went out behind the shed and into the tree line, then through the bush to the main grid, then continued on northwest until I met my old trail. Our old trail. 
There was nothing groomed, not even a walking path for me. I trudged through knee-high snow for two hours, snow spilling into my boots and getting my socks wet. My feet were numb along with my face, but I kept going. I would have rather froze before stopping.
I made it to the frozen river, my legs cold and rigid, my face windburned, cheeks numb. My tuque didn’t pull down far enough and my earlobes were beginning to ache. I’d gotten some degree of frostbite and for what? I didn’t know, but I just had to be there, to stand in that spot. The sky was gray, the trees gray, white snow all around, weighing the bare poplars down, some of the spruce tree branches bent. The cold was gaining power as night approached, and the sound of nothing chilled me deeply. It was both haunting and good. 
This was a place where I used to exist. As a child. As someone who didn’t understand what was at stake. What was about to happen.
The same river, same trails. I didn’t know a thing about nothing. Just shoveling spilled grain, manure, snow. Feeding chickens, carrying water back and forth, pulling weeds, repairing things a monkey could fix. Fools work. And how had any of that changed? It hadn’t. I was pathetic, and there hadn’t been any people around to tell me that. Martha would never. But I was saying it now. I was saying it.
I made it back up the trail, mostly uphill climbing. My legs shook. Snot continued to flow from my nose. Instead of heading back, I continued on, a three mile walk in the wrong direction to my old farm. 
My eyelashes were crusted, my hands frozen through my gloves. My footsteps were losing pace, my heart was slowing, and warmth was creeping into my core, eclipsing the cold. 
I made it. There it was; or wasn’t for that matter. The house, of course, was still gone, the trees had been cleared out, and the distant neighbors had made use of the land, golden sheaths poking out from the snow. It was like it was never there.
***
I almost didn’t make it, but I did. Peter sat on the front steps, bundled in his winter clothes. His beard was frosted into hard icicles. His eyes were angry. 
I collapsed to one knee and he rose, seemingly unsure whether to be relieved or worried about my arrival.
He pulled me up with a powerful grip and dragged me in through the front door. He sat me in a chair that faced the roaring fireplace. I could feel a layer melt away off my skin. It was wonderful at first, but then rather quickly, it became painful. My ears throbbed, my face burned, and my toes screamed. I looked down to find Martha. She removed my jacket and wrapped a quilt around me. Then she took off my boots and scrubbed my toes with her hands. The pain was horrible. Peter pulled up a chair. He wiped away the moisture from his ratty beard. Martha gave him a look that he clearly chose to ignore. 
“You didn’t have the decency to come back in one piece I see.” He pulled out one of my tins of snuff. He put in a lipper. “Heard you’re into this stuff. Thought I’d give it a try if that’s all right with you.”
I was no longer scared about freezing to death, I was scared of him. If I blinked twice, I would’ve seen my father glaring back at me with disgust. 
“Peter—” Her voice had lost its usual confidence.
His hand rose and her mouth fell still. “I guess you see yourself as a man runnin’ this place. We’re partners, is that it?”
I wasn’t about to interrupt him.
“Figure you can just leave halfway through the day? Huh?”
He pulled out the clump of snuff and jammed it in my hand and closed my palm, then he spit on the floor. “Tastes like shit.”
“I’m sorry.” It came out a whisper. 
“You know how worried Martha was? How much disrespect you paid her, after everything she does for you.” 
He jolted to his feet, his face tense. “Let’s have a talk outside.”
“Peter, no!”
He snapped, ripping off his belt. “We’ll talk here then.”
“Peter! You want to give the boy a belt lashing? He’s sixteen years old. Little late for that!”
He gritted his teeth. The fireplace sparked and I closed my eyes, trying to breathe in the warmth, my insides still cold.
“Look at him. He nearly froze to death!”
The next thing I heard was his bedroom door slam. 
Martha didn’t say a word. She laid down a quilt, then four pillows in a row. She helped me up and laid me down, keeping the quilt wrapped around me. She wrapped me in another one. The fire was hot on my aching face. My ears. They hurt so badly. 
I could hardly feel her take my wet socks off. She sighed. 
“Will I lose any?”
Her piping hot hands wrapped around my toes. “No. You’ll be okay.”
A frog jumped into my throat as I shivered a cold sweat. “Can you stay out here with me?”
“Where else would I go?”  
 

9

I woke in my bed. Everything hurt. I flipped open the covers to find my feet wrapped in dry towels with hot coals. I could hardly move as I was wound so tightly in blankets. 
“I’m gonna check those feet soon. They looked better a couple hours ago.” Martha sat in a chair next to my bed. She must have brought it inside and spent the night there. 
I jolted upward and looked out into the empty kitchen through my bedroom door. 
“Peter is outside,” she said.
“How mad is he?”
“He’s not. Just confused.”
“Seemed like he was mad to me.”
Martha removed the towels from my sweaty feet. The sour smell wafted up into my nose. 
“Wiggle your toes for me,” she said, paying no attention to the smell.
I did. They felt stiff, skintight, swollen. I could still feel them pulsing, but they didn’t hurt near as much as the night before.
“Good as new.” She left and came back with a bowl of porridge with brown sugar, how I like it. I gobbled it up quickly, getting hungrier with each savaging bite.
“Stay in today, we’ll see how everything looks first thing tomorrow morning. Read some books. Relax.”
“I don’t think that’s such a good idea.”
“It won’t put him in any better of a mood if you’re outside working today. Might make things worse if anything.”
“How?”
“Just . . . do what you’re told.” She leaned back in her chair. “What were you thinking?”
“I—wasn’t.”
“Where’d you go?”
“The river. The old farm. There was nothing there. Just fields.” I rolled over to my side. 
For the second time in twenty-four hours, I felt Martha’s touch. “We never talked about it. You never asked. I suppose we should have. Peter and I, we both want you to be happy, Billy. And if you’re not, then we need to do something about that.” She sighed. “We should have put you in school. It wasn’t your choice to make. You were too young.”
“No, that’s not it. I just had to get out. Just for a second. You know?”
“I’m not sure I do. You just gotta let me know what’s going on in that mind of yours.” She rolled me back over, pulling down on my shoulder. “We didn’t know you and your father back then because we had our own troubles. We kept to ourselves more than we should have. We also knew what he was running out of that farm of yours. We just didn’t want anything to do with any of that business. You do know that your father was legging moonshine right?”
I nodded. ‘Course I knew. I read in the paper about the tunnels in Moose Jaw, the alleged stories of Capone. “I didn’t understand then. I found out not long after.”
“We’ve just wanted you safe and sound.”
“I am safe.”
“Coulda fooled me.”
“I’m sorry.”
Dorothy walked into my room and called out for me with her odd meow, a strange gurgling sound from her throat. “Right on cue, this thing always is.” She picked Dorothy up by her belly and her black legs dangled loosely, unconcerned.
“Is that why we never go into town?” I asked. “The people on the alcohol?”
She smiled. “You’ve lived a sheltered life. There’s a lot more that comes with it. Where there was booze, there was more trouble. More trouble than good . . . But that’s no more; it’s all over, legalized, government ran.”
“And that got rid of the trouble?”
“A lot of it, yes. But there are still dangerous men out there. Though they’ve probably been put out to pasture. The danger might be dormant, but it’s still there I’m sure.”
I waited.
“I don’t mean your father was, Billy.”
“Do you know the others? Were they the ones that killed my father? Is that why they took his equipment? To use, not sell? They weren’t just robbers, were they?”
“I honestly don’t know. But it’s the right type of man that would do that. Some only thought about money. Not the family in their house, not the soil under their feet. Just more. Always wanting more.” She sniffed her runny nose. “And I don’t know about you, but I’m all set here. Could be a hell of a lot worse.”
She rose to her feet and exhaled loudly. “A woman wears down worrying about her stupid men.” She looked at Dorothy and fought off a smile. “Puss is getting the boot soon.”
***
The remainder of winter was blinked away. The roof began to drip, the sun shone harder, and the snow melted down in fast snap shots. Nothing had changed and yet somehow, everything had changed. 
It was suddenly clear to me that there was a life outside of the farm if I wanted it. But I liked the farm. Giving it too much thought left me confused and frustrated.
We geared up for spring, made sure the tractors were ready for seeding. Peter spoke to me more, worked by my side more. I think Martha must have said something to him, but I didn’t care about that. He seemed to be in better spirits overall. 
The last of the snow had washed into the soil. Tire treads crawled down our drive slowly. I recognized the car. My heart rose up in my chest as I watched the car pull up close, shovel in my hand. She stepped out on one shaky leg, and the other followed. She was wearing some sort of city-girl hat this time, pulled down low, her stringy hair matted to the sides of her face. She had a flannel dress on that came down to her ankles, a band tied off along the waist with a loose bow in the back. 
I dropped the shovel and it made a clang against the hard ground. She was slow moving, her left foot dragging behind. I snapped out of my trance and walked up to her so she didn’t have to walk so far. I couldn’t believe she was here. “You came back,” I blurted like a dunce.
She was the same as when she had left. Nervous, liked to look at the ground, a nice crooked smile that I was fond of. “Well, I would have sooner, but father wouldn’t come, and he wouldn’t let me drive until the snow and ice was gone. It was part of our agreement. Didn’t think he’d ever let me drive in all honesty.”
I was delighted to hear so many words escape her lips.
“That dress is real nice.”
“Oh.” She looked down to double check, see if it was true. It looked like she didn’t believe me. “Thanks, it’s not new.”
“So everything was okay with the last order?”
“Pardon?” She narrowed her brow and then lifted her eyes. “Oh, yes.” She laughed nervously and shook her head. “It was quite fine, thank you.”
“So, you want some more then?”
“Yes, if it’s not too much trouble.”
“No trouble at all. Follow me.”
She followed me to the barn, just as she had three months ago. I lead the way and stopped. I waited for her to be by my side and we walked together. She smiled at me, her lips tilted to the right. She was still unsure of me. That was okay, because I was unsure too. There were a million things I wanted to say, to ask, and yet I didn’t know what those things were. But I did know one thing for sure. I liked being around her. 
“How is Dorothy?”
“She’s outside now. Trying to get her to mouse, but it’s not going very well. She’s lazy and fat.”
“She’s precious,” Ilene whispered with a smile. 
“She sure liked you.”
I slid the barn door open and there was Dorothy, looking up. She seemed to have uncanny timing with her presence. She released a gurgled meow and launched upward at Ilene. She screamed a little in surprise as the big black fur ball hit her chest, her arms coming up to catch her. She was so light, so weak, that the cat’s force pushed her back. I lunged behind her and supported her back gently.
“I’m sorry, are you okay?”
“I’m fine.” She laughed at Dorothy, squirming in her arms.
My hand was still on the small of her back. She finally took notice and her cheeks reddened and she looked away from me back to the cat. 
“Good, okay,” I stammered. “Let’s get you set up then.”
We walked to the smoke room and I got started on packaging the sausage. We didn’t have much left from our last batch. She’d take what remained. “You don’t have to stand in here with me if you don’t want. Hate to get you smelling like a smoke.”
“Oh, no. It’s fine. Don’t matter much what I smell like. It’s no bother to me.”
“Your boyfriend might not like it any.” What a dumb thing to say.
She shook her head. There was sadness in her eyes that seemed unjust. Her smile that followed was forced, “Boyfriend?”
I stalled.
She looked angry now. “Are you teasing me?”
“No—no ma’am. Miss . . . not at all. Never would I do such a thing.”
She set Dorothy back to the ground and steadied her left hand with her right. 
“Are you all right?” I asked.
She nodded yes. 
“I just think you’re nice is all. Figured you’d have a boyfriend because of it. Sorry, I’m talking like a fool.”
I began paper wrapping the third batch of sausage, unable to look her in the eye.
“Do you not come to Moose Jaw often?” she asked me.
I shook my head.
“Well, you’re not missing much anyway. I like farms better. Fewer people.”
“What else do you like about it?”
“Being outside, away from people. Reading. The smells, the sounds. I just like it.”
“Me too.”
“That works out well for you then, don’t it?”
“I guess it does.” I had finished with the third bag.
A silence followed. 
“Aren’t you gonna ask what’s wrong with me?”
“Didn’t realize there was.”
She looked down at her dainty hands. “If it isn’t the first thing someone asks, it’s the second. I get funny looks from people. Why’s that young face walking down the street like an old maid.”
“I just see a young face,” I said. “Like mine, but nicer to look at.”
“A cripple is what people call me.”
“I’ll still call you Ilene, if that’s fine by you.”
A laugh escaped her, and she covered her mouth. “Of course you can.”
She hesitated and then spoke again. “Doctors call it muscular dystrophy.”
“Will you be okay?”
“They say I’m doing well. But I won’t be able to walk when I get older.”
“I see. Well you should eat lots. Keep some meat on your bones.”
“I’ll try, but that meat will still disappear.”
I removed her hat and she looked worried. She covered her head with both hands for a second and I just stared. Finally, she let her hands fall back down to her side.
“Will you disappear on me?” I asked nervously. 
“Don’t you want me to?”
“No, I like talking to you.”
Another silence followed.
“Why’d you take my hat?”
“I want to see your whole face.” After a pause, I picked up the package of sausage, feeling foolish. “I’ll load up your car.”
“Okay.”
I placed the hat back on her head, opened the barn door, and extended my elbow. I was relieved that she took it. Her slender arm was wrapped in mine as I walked her over slowly to her car. She looked at me before climbing back in.
“Wish I had a car,” I said. 
“How fast is your horse?”
“Pretty fast.”
“Well . . . Um . . .”
“Maybe I should take Mountie into town sometime.”
“It’s not too far?”
“About three hours if we hustle.”
“Will you be able to make it back?”
“Plenty of space to sleep outside if I can’t.”
“We have a movie theatre.” 
I froze and thankfully, she asked, “Would you like to go?”
“Sure.” I said it too eagerly.
“I would come get you but Daddy—”
“No, no. I’ll be fine to come with Mountie.”
“This Saturday? The show starts at seven. Meet there at six thirty?”
“Okay, I’ll see you then, Ilene.”
“Bye.”
“Bye.”
I thought I had acted like a complete idiot, but it couldn’t have been that bad considering she asked me to come into town.
Saturday couldn’t come soon enough.
***
My nose lifted in response to the aroma of chicken noodle soup. The table was set, and on my plate sat a sandwich. Turkey. Peter gave my favorite version of grace. The short one. “Come Lord Jesus, be or guest. May this food to us be blessed. Amen.” Amen indeed! My stomach grumbled angrily.
I didn’t breathe through the first half of my sandwich. She had spread the bread with her homemade mustard and dressed it up just how I like it. Lettuce, tomato, thinly sliced pickles. 
“Elbows,” said Martha.
I had been hunched over the table. 
“Unless you want to eat in the barn with Mountie?”
“No, that’s all right. I like it here with you,” I said wryly.
“My, what’s gotten into you?” Her tongue perched out on her lips as she thought. “Might it have something to do with a certain young woman?”
“What woman?” asked Peter, bread crumbs flying from his mouth. 
“Maybe the barn for both yous?”
I slurped some soup straight from the bowl. The broth was delicious, warming me up inside. 
“Well, Billy. What’s her name?”
I straightened up in my chair. “Ilene.”
“She seems like a fine young woman. Do you like her?”
“You don’t mean that cripple girl?” asked Peter.
Martha scowled at Peter, and he focused back on his sandwich. 
“She’s no cripple,” I said. “She has muscular dystrophy. But she’s doing quite well with it.”
“Muscular what now? Sounds like city doctor-talk for crippled.”
Martha’s chair squeaked loudly across the floor as she rose. “Lost my appetite.”
She cleaned off her plate and began doing the dishes rather loudly. Peter went quiet. 
“Peter?” I asked.
He grunted. 
“Can I take Mountie into town Saturday at around three?”
“No. We got way too much work to do. Gotta be ready for seeding, you know that. Don’t have time to play footsie with the handicap—”
Martha’s fist came crashing down on the counter beside the sink with a loud thud, rattling one of the plates.
The room grew still. She ran her hands down the side of her pants and cleared her throat. “Mountie is in the peak shape of his life. He’d be more than happy to take you into town. Just work your tail off until you leave.”
“Martha.”
She snapped her head over and he grumbled and got back to eating his sandwich. 
“You sure?” I no longer knew who I was asking.
“Better see a full Sunday out of you then,” she said.
“You will.”
“Yeah, we’ll see,” Peter muttered. 
It was settled. In six days I would go into town to watch a film with a girl. 
  
 












10

It was clear skies and mild out, perfect for a long ride with Mountie. Peter had to go into Eyebrow for a new belt for the tractor, so I had three hours to burn. Martha suggested I just go into town early, but I wouldn’t know what to do with myself. So I went out with the pellet gun and found some squirrels to shoot. 
Crack and pump, slide the pellet in and close. Line up high and left of the target just a hair and hit your target square on. It was an old gun, but I knew it better than any other. I never missed. A loud, chirping, fluffy-tailed, brown squirrel tumbled from the tree out behind our house. It was probably one of the ones that woke me up twenty minutes too early each morning. I used to eat squirrel when I was young, but Martha refused to clean them and didn’t want them in her house. I felt bad for letting it go to waste, but not bad enough, I guess. 
I heard tracks up our driveway and my body was flushed with excitement. Could it be Ilene again? But it wasn’t, it was a different car. A Ford T. There were two men inside. I approached with my gun at my side.
The car turned off and the driver stepped out, along with his passenger. They wore black trench coats, like the ones from the detective books. No suit or tie underneath though, just farm clothes like the ones I had, dirty and plain looking.
I almost fell back when I saw him.
I knew that unmistakable smile, yellow and corrupt.
“Hello there, young man!”
I was ten years old again. I was on shore as they stole our fish and gear. I was underneath my house.
He had tried to dress fancier than the last time I saw him, but he couldn’t cover up the filth. It was all over him, and it was centered on his face. The patchy beard, the bushy eyebrows, the crooked nose, and those rusted teeth. 
“We are in quite a pickle here, pal. My idiot partner seems to have forgotten to fill us up with gas, and I know for certain that we won’t make it into town without the assurance of a top up.” He was smiling but had a foul look in his eyes from the inconvenience of stopping. “We have cash, and just need half a tank’s worth, is all. If you have any, that is?”
My voice cracked. “We have a jerry in the shed.”
“You’d be really saving our asses.”
“Sure. Pull it around then.”
“God bless ya.”
My skin crawled as I walked toward the shed. Martha was still in the house, which was good. I left the shed door open while a grabbed the gasoline. The man sauntered around in a circle, looking around at everything with a grin, toothpick hanging in the corner of his mouth. 
“You’s fine country folk, that’s for sure,” he said. “Five dollars for six gallons fair for you?”
“Three fifty would be about right I think.”
He chuckled. “God bless an honest farmhand. We’ll call the extra dollar fifty a service fee.” His eyes stopped on our house. “Anyone else home with you?”
Was low on gas too convenient? Did he remember me? “Father’s on his way back from town. Parts run.”
“No momma?”
“No momma.”
He smiled and placed his hands on his hips, the butt end of his pistol showing.
I walked passed him with the jerry of gas and started filling him up. He leaned over me and tucked five in my pocket, then another dollar in my breast pocket. “Candy money.” I could feel his hot breath on me, and its sharp smell nearly knocked me back. I assumed it was the smell of alcohol, though I couldn’t be sure. 
His partner hadn’t said a word. He looked uneasy, his eyes always darting away from the man’s and mine. At a second glance, I almost dropped the jerry can. It was the same boy from six years ago. His face had changed so much, but it was him. He looked much older than me, in his twenties. The gas was shaking in my hands as I tried to steady it, and I spilled a little onto the floor of their car by the gas pedals. The man saw.
“Easy boy! You need me to do it? Gonna have me all flammable. Jeremy here will somehow find a way to light me on fire. Wouldn’t put it past him.”
“I got it. Sorry.”
The bad man walked over to the boy and whispered something in his ear. Whatever it was, he didn’t appear to like it. I had to protect Martha if they were gonna try something. My heart was beating a mile a minute. 
A gust of wind rolled in and it smelled of sweet spring, giving me a strange feeling I once knew, maybe as a child. He looked back toward the house. “Can I bother you for a quick glass of water? Bit of a long night, I’m afraid.” He smiled, and I didn’t answer. “I won’t bite ya now. I’ll be quick, I promise.” He started walking toward the house without my permission. It was happening all over again. 
I stepped back into the shed and grabbed Peter’s rifle. I turned my back and checked. Ammunition in, safety on, as I had expected. I walked with steady strides. The man didn’t turn back, and I paid no attention to the boy following me. 
He entered the house.
As I cracked the door, I heard surprised voices from both the evil man and Martha. I kept my boots on and stepped into the center of the room, separating him from Martha in a way that wouldn’t have seemed confrontational had I not gripped a rifle in my hand so tightly. 
“I’m sorry, ma’am! Hope I didn’t startle you. This kind boy of yours told me he had no mother in the house, but I think I understand the thought process! Two strange men on your yard and what do you do, what do you say! Well done, son, well done.”
Martha smiled uneasily, lips tight.
“This is my Aunt Martha. She lives with us.”
“Pleased to meet you, Martha. I’m Clayton. This dumb man-boy here is Jeremy. Your nephew helped us with a gas problem—in that we ran out. He’s a kind young man.”
“Well that’s just fine,” she said. 
“Aunt Martha, can you pour these two some water? They’ve been on a long drive.”
She did, and they drank it where they stood. I didn’t offer them a seat, nor did Martha. 
“You from around here?” she asked. “You sound like a couple of Yankees.” I wondered if she had actually been to the States before or if she was just saying that. 
“Saskatchewan farmers, just like yourself.”
“That’s nice.”
Clayton looked at me. “Fine rifle you got there. See something scurrying around after we showed up?”
“Nothing big. Just rodents. Rabbits too.”
“Rabbits! Don’t get me started. Hit one and two come back.”
“Seems after I shoot, they never come back,” I said. It dawned on me that I could draw on him right then and there. But I couldn’t risk it with Martha. I didn’t know what that Jeremy was capable of. I didn’t know if I could really shoot a man. In Martha’s kitchen of all places. I turned to her. “I forgot the gas and left the barn door open. I’ll be right back.” Back to Clayton. I smiled as naturally as possible. “Finish your waters, plenty of daylight left for driving.”
I walked as fast as I could without running. I looked back once, and I opened the car door, slid the seat back down over top of the gas tank. There were two compartments. One was on the passenger side. There was another pistol in there and a manual for the car. The other compartment had food wrappers and an old apple core. I turned and looked in the back seat. A black journal was left there. I opened it, and there were all kinds of writing and maps. 
I lifted my head, expecting to see them staring at me. But the door remained closed. I took the gas back to the shed and hid the journal under some old rags. I walked back outside with the rifle and out came the two men. Martha followed and stayed put at the door, hand on her hip.
His hands shot up. “Don’t shoot, don’t shoot!” He laughed and adjusted his hat. He faced me and his nasty smile fell flat, his eyes intense marbles. “You keep those critters at bay. Happy seeding now.” He slapped me on the back and spit, then got into his car. He didn’t remember me, he couldn’t have. Jeremy however, when he got in that car, I saw it. He didn’t forget a thing.
Something coursed through my veins. I needed to run, to jump, to scream, to hit. As they drove off and I stared at their braking taillights flashing red, I needed to shoot.
I ran back inside. Martha sat at the dinner table with a cup of tea and a hand towel draped around her shoulder. The room was soundless, and her eyes were full to the brim with sorrow. “Was that him?” she asked. 
I paused. “Yes.” Question was, would he come back? 
Did I want him to?
***
The book was branded on the front in black leather. I ran my fingers over the ridges. Sinclair Farms. 
The journal was filled not with one’s thoughts, dreams, and desires, but shipping routes and delivery destinations, all located in remote spots, away from any towns, down roads barely traveled.
From what Martha had told me, the prohibition had been lifted and the sales of alcohol were all run legally through the government. The moonshine that Sinclair Farms was producing, however, wasn’t a legal operation.
I had their next times listed for the coming week, and I figured I’d use that information to get myself some more of it.
Once I got that journal, I was infected with an idea. I could not rid myself of that idea. There was a man with the last name Sinclair and it wasn’t this Clayton. It was someone else, and he was hiding behind a curtain, and I needed to see him in person. When the time came, I’d know what to say. I’d know what to do.
Martha didn’t want me out with Mountie anymore, but I told her I had no choice but to go. I couldn’t strand Ilene without any notice. Martha understood. I didn’t say a word to Peter before I left, and neither had she. I suspected that when I returned, there would be an angry lecture waiting.
Mountie was very cooperative the entire trip. The time passed quickly as my mind was gone to plans and schemes to get back to Clayton. To get to Sinclair Farms. Sometimes within these visions, or daydreams, there was blood. Sometimes there wasn’t.
The sun was gone and the moon was dimly lit, ready to charge up its bright shine. I could see the lights of Main Street. I patted my pocket once more to make sure I hadn’t forgotten the money Clayton had given me for gas. I tried thinking of topics to talk about as I approached, but I didn’t know enough about her. I supposed I’d just have to ask simple questions, like what she liked and didn’t like. A movie wasn’t the best place for that, but I was hopeful we’d get some time after.
Another thought leapt into my mind and kicked like a bronco. I should have told Peter. So he’d be ready, just in case they’d return . . . Maybe Martha had told him by now.
Main Street was busy with people, and I didn’t see any other horses. 




















11

Screams reverberated down the corridors of St. Augustine’s Hospital.
Martha was ten years younger, mid-thirties. She had been shocked to learn she was pregnant once more. This was her last chance at mothering a child.
She pushed and pushed, but there was no movement, only the slow tearing of flesh. They told her the second time would be less painful, but that was not right. It was equally as bad, or maybe worse. She clutched the handles of her bed and grunted out a lower pitch, seeking better results. There was movement this time.
Peter was outside. He believed a man had no business in the delivery room, and the doctor seemed inclined to agree with him. She used this as enraged fuel, looking down on the doctor as she screamed and cursed. The words from the doctor became less corporal and more encouraging, like she was riding a bicycle for the first time. The pain remained, but the baby cooperated, the stuck feeling no longer. The last bit was a blur. The baby was out and she was out of breath, spots dancing in her line of sight as sweat stung her eyes. 
How long has he been out? Panic soon came. Torturous panic. 
She heard doctors and nurses scrambling, trays hitting the floor, frantic voices mixed with calming ones. She felt too faint, but she couldn’t be, not now. 
There were no cries. Again. Please Lord, make my baby cry. 
She willed herself upright and watched, but the doctor hovered over top of her baby. She leaned over in her bed and could see her baby’s forehead. It was red, almost purple. Still no cries, only her own whimpers. 
“Please cry baby, please cry. Please!”
Martha repeated these words over and over. Some were screams, some in quiet whispers. She didn’t stop when the doctor worked on her child, her beautiful boy. She didn’t stop when the doctor tried to tell her that her baby, her third baby, had suffered the same fate. She didn’t stop when they left the room and took the child with them. 
“Cry baby, cry. Please.”
***
Martha tried to fight the sleep, but it was no use. The need to rest smothered her. 
She slept for over twenty-four hours, and when she came to, she understood. There was no child for her to take home with her. She would never be a mother. 
Peter was not there. 
Another three days of ice chips for her throat, and terribly painful healing between her legs. She was ill in her stomach and her head.
Peter was not there.
The nurse wheeled her to the entrance while another held the door for her. They went through as she was wheeled up to a car with a friendly, fresh-faced young man waiting. They told her that he took new mothers back home after the birth. The nurse apologized awkwardly after referring to her as a new mother. 
It was a nice upgrade from the usual carriage rides that so many mothers before her had to endure. The ride was silent and the young man forced no conversation, which she was grateful for.
He helped her up the steps to her home and she walked inside. 
Peter was there, staring at the crackling fireplace.
***
There was no adjusting to life after. The usual just couldn’t be done.
Martha fulfilled what was required of her minimally, staying in the house while she healed. Once she physically recovered, she still refrained from going outside. That fireplace became her place of solitude. Her mind would release its grip and allow her to fade into her depression.
She had been so certain this time. What God would strike down a to-be mother, not once, not twice, but three times? She had done her part. Married and loved the hardworking man with land, tended to his needs, rooted herself into the ground, laid out her soul in the soil to be a strong woman and a dutiful wife. She was out there with the fields, the house, the horses, the chickens, the eggs, the secluded nights, the droughts, the frosts, the hail, all of it. Godammit, all of it!
And she was rewarded with death.
The red embers hummed. All she saw was reds and oranges. 
Peter would work. He wouldn’t say a word about what had happened. He’d work day and night.
They’d lie in bed with their backs turned. She didn’t desire his touch, and she had the feeling he didn’t desire hers. 
Objects began to talk to her. Kitchen knives, rope-pull to the attic, the bathtub, Peter’s rifle leaned up in the corner by the front door. She could not envision her demise, nor did she want to, but regardless, they all spoke to her, sometimes in song.
The ceiling was layered with a gloomy haze and she was encumbered by it. But she could not leave. What was there outside? Open space. Nothing out there for her but a blank-slated future. Just the rise and fall of the sun, the changing of the seasons.
***
On an August night, she lay in bed much like the rest. She lay on her side, counting the dots on the wallpaper until she reached one hundred. She turned off the lamp next to her bed and tried to sleep. She was exhausted, always so very exhausted, but sleep did not come easy. It took work. And when she did sleep, her dreams would betray her. They’d take her back to the hospital to play all kinds of horrid games with her mind.
She heard the door close gently with a creak. Peter was home.
Boots off, glass of water, floorboards creaking toward the bedroom. A grunt, a sigh, the bed sinking on his side, her back still turned. The elastic of his suspenders snapped quietly as the metal clips fell to the floor. His shirts and pants came off. He used to hang them on the rocking chair next to the bed, but now they just fell into a pile on the floor. More weight shifted as he rolled onto his back. His breaths were heavy, but soon they were soft. 
Martha was ready for the snores to come, another inevitable delay in her attempt at sleep. 
He had been working long days. Peter would be up in three hours, back out in the field. He’d let her sleep later into the morning as long as dinner was brought out to him. That was his one demand, and a fair one at that. They should have been joyous. Last year’s crops had yielded nicely. This year appeared to be even better, provided Mother Nature kept on course. But there was no joy. There was only the gloom that crept along the ceiling and flowed along the walls. 
Peter stunk of body odor worse than usual. That’s how it was during harvest. No time to bathe. She was no saint in regards to her own hygiene lately either, so she was in no place to pass judgment. After all, he was out there working all day and night, not she. 
The bedsprings squawked again as he shuffled on his back. She could feel that he hadn’t turned away from her yet. It was peculiar, considering he always did immediately upon crawling into bed. 
She heard a hiccup noise. Then odd sighs. 
The weight on his side shifted.
She felt his warm breath on the back of her neck, causing her hair to stand on end. 
As his hand touched her shoulder, he choked out a quiet sob.
It felt as though she had inhaled a river at once and it all had to come pouring out of her.
She cried and cried. He cried and cried. Then they slept, his arms wrapped around her.


12

Mountie sauntered down Main. All eyes were on me, and I didn’t much care for it. Outside the theater there were three cars parked, so I tied Mountie up near the end of the street to a lamppost. I leaned up against his face and he exhaled heavily.
Teenagers laughed on the streets. A tall girl threw popcorn at a young man who sidestepped around her, taunting her playfully. An older foursome walked by the shenanigans with soured mouths as they entered the theatre. My breath lifted as I stroked Mountie. I was nervous about walking over. I looked through the shadows and spotlights from lampposts but couldn’t find Ilene. I didn’t know the time, but I felt as though I had made good time and was probably early. 
The buildings were all made of stone. I walked onward toward the theatre. I ignored the teenager’s stares and rounded the corner to the front entrance with the feeling that she’d be tucked away, waiting patiently for me. But she was not there. 
I stepped inside and read the clock overhead, behind the till. It was 6:08 p.m. I was early. I only had popcorn once and the buttery smell made my stomach rumble. I had to wait for Ilene though, so I could pay for hers and mine all at once. 
There was a bench near the front door that looked more inviting than going back outside, so I took a seat. Then, I heard some chuckles from outside. I’d better wait outside, I thought. Make sure I was there to greet her. It was more gentlemanlike, I figured.
I stepped out to the corner as she was climbing out of her father’s car. Her father exited the driver side and came around to help her, but she waved him off. Her back remained arched after getting out of the car for a few seconds, and then she straightened up and told her father to leave in a politely commanding way. She turned and saw me, and straightened herself up further with a subtle grimace. She was wearing a blue dress with a light beige coat on, left open, unzipped. She limped down the sidewalk toward me.
I glanced to my left, and the three guys and one gal were all staring at her with devilish grins. 
Her right leg hitched with each step as she clutched her purse at her side. 
“Hi.”
“Hello.” She looked down at her dress, then back up to me. 
“Your dress is nice.”
“You don’t have to say that.”
I could feel them still, in my peripheral, sneering. They found her comical, and an anger stirred in me that I hadn’t felt before. 
One dunce spoke, “Yeah, you don’t have to say that sweety! You shouldn’t really!”
Her face blushed as she angled away from them. 
“Should we go in?” she asked.
“Better take your troll into the back row where it’s nice and dark. I bet she’d do all kinds of things in the dark!”
The group snickered except for the girl who appeared unimpressed.
“Can we go, Billy?” Ilene whispered, but I barely heard. My heart was pounding in my throat.
The dunce guffawed. “This guy ain’t about to get tough is he?”
I didn’t know what to say.
“She’d probably be cozier with you under the bridge west of town. Home sweet home, isn’t that right, troll girl?”
Ilene pulled at my hand. “Let’s just go.”
He walked in close. He was tall, with much broader shoulders than me. “I’ve never seen you around. What should I call you?”
I said nothing. 
“Oh damn, I got it! Troll slayer!” The other two howled with laughter, forcedly so. “Troll slayer it is,” he said with a smile so wide it touched his eyes. “Hey now, you didn’t give me a name. So you take the one I assigned to you, Troll Slayer.”
My right hand was in hers and she started to pull. My left was clenched.
“Don’t worry about numbers, Troll Slayer. It’s just you and me if you wanna get tough. You can trust me.”
A feverish rage controlled me. I wanted to swing until a stone wall stopped me. I wanted their heads to bounce off the concrete. I felt another pull from Ilene but it barely registered.
I was about to drop her hand and swing—I’d never hit a soul before—but she spoke, and I listened. “Billy, it’s all right.” I don’t know how. It was like I’d been tuned into the right frequency and was calm.
“I’m Billy, actually. From out of town.” 
He snickered, still ready for a fight. 
“You guys catchin’ the seven start or the nine?” I asked.
A perplexed look crossed his face, replacing some of the menace. 
I cut him off before he could find an answer. “Right, well we’re gonna go in now, get the best seats in the house. I’ll leave the back row for you guys.”
Ilene and I turned and walked through the doors. There was no line up for popcorn. 
I no longer thought about how nervous I was. I ordered two large popcorns and two large Pepsis. 
“I’ll never eat all that,” she said.
“Then you can take some home with you after.”
We were the first inside and we took our seats somewhere in the middle. I had held both drinks for her, and she took one from me and placed it in the holder shakily. The lights were still on, and I stared while she fumbled with her popcorn while trying to get comfortable in her chair. 
Her face was ghostly white, like silk sheets, not a blemish to be seen. She caught me staring. “What? Do I have something in my teeth?”
“No, no. You’re fine. Just fine.”
We were quiet again. I had no idea what film was playing.
“Thank you for, you know.”
“I would have let you clock him, but I didn’t want you to get blood on your dress. You look beautiful.” She laughed and it was wonderful, like the smell of spring. I spotted a white flower on her dress. “Do you like flowers?” I asked.
“Yes, I like flowers . . . very much.”
“What girl wouldn’t, I guess,” I said like a fool. “That’s a good thing to know . . . Looks like we got the whole place to ourselves, doesn’t it?”
“We’re pretty early.”
“Why’d you come so early?” I asked. 
She looked straight ahead at the blank screen. “In case you were.” She picked at her popcorn, taking only a single kernel. “Being polite, that’s all.”
Everything came out in beautiful whispers. Her shyness lured me in.
“Why are you being so nice to me?” she asked.
“I could ask you that same question.”
“I thought it was because you feel bad for me.”
“I don’t. Well, I wish you weren’t in pain . . . are you in pain?”
“Some days are pretty good. Some are bad. I just hope I can walk for a little while yet.”
“Maybe if I carry you around some of the time it’ll keep your legs fresh.”
Her eyes glistened, the slightest of tears layering over her blue-gray irises. “That would be a sight.”
She wasn’t wearing a hat tonight and her hair was prettier, not stuck to the sides of her face like before. I liked the way the tops of her ears poked out the sides ever so slightly when she didn’t tuck it behind. Another moment passed without words as we looked back and forth to each other and the screen. 
“I’m sorry, I’m not very good at making conversation.”
“That’s okay, I don’t mind. I’m not either. My mother, she says sometimes words aren’t the best communication.” She smirked and half-rolled her eyes, “Then Dad says—” Ilene changed her voice to imitate a gruff man’s voice “—people that talk lots don’t know what they’re talkin’ about.”
She busied herself with more popcorn, and I laughed and watched her. 
“Where do you go to school?” she asked. 
“Oh, I don’t. Farm school I guess. I like to read though.”
That earned me a quick grin. “I love to read. Maybe sometime I could lend you some of my books. I have a whole bedroom filled with them.”
“I would like that.”
I casually slid my hand closer to hers and—
“There’s the two love birds! Mr. and Mrs. Troll!”
They sat along the same row, across the aisle with smug faces.
“Waiting for those lights to go down, eh?!” 
Ilene was hiding in her popcorn now. 
“You’re not actually paying any attention to that moron, are you?”
She shook her head no but wouldn’t look at me anymore. I was gonna have to do something.
“Just promise me one thing.”
“What’s that?” I asked. 
“You won’t make a scene.”
“You don’t believe what he’s saying, do you?”
She didn’t answer me.
“Do you?”
“Shouldn’t I?” she said snappily in a whisper. 
“No.”
She looked uneasy, still staring past me over at the others. 
“They still looking?”
She nodded yes. 
“Well, let ‘em. I actually can’t wait to get you back home after the movie is done.”
Her eyes widened.
I transitioned as quickly and smoothly as possible. “Back to our home under the bridge. We can sit in our favorite chairs by the fire we made in a garbage can.”
Her laugh was really more of a snort, and of course she covered her mouth.
“That’d be all right, wouldn’t it?”
The lights went out and the movie started.
I couldn’t tell you what the title of the movie was. I couldn’t even tell you what it was about. All I know is my favorite scene was somewhere in the middle when the young men were taking orders in the chambers next to their beds, the sergeant screaming something and half of the people in the theatre laughed. The remainder became a haze when her head rested on my shoulder. I couldn’t recall a better feeling than that.
***
I think we were both tired when the lights came back on. I saw the look in her eyes that said she wanted to wait until the others were gone. So we waited. 
“Did you like it?” she asked.
“Yeah,” I said, meaning ”sort of.”
“Which was your favorite part?”
“Just . . . all of it.”
Everyone had cleared out and it was just the two of us with the lights on. The next batch of people started to come in. 
“Can I walk you home? Or are you too far?”
“My father is picking me up with the car,” she said. “I wish we could talk more though.”
“That would be good. But I’m guessing our night is meant to end now?”
“Yeah.”
We were both defeated.
I walked her out and she held onto my arm. 
We stepped outside and the cool air felt nice on my skin and woke me up. Up ahead in the middle of the street, the four hooligans pushed and pranced.
“Who is that guy?” I asked Ilene.
“William Roberts. He’s a grade below me.”
“Do you know where he lives?”
“Why?”
“What’s his address?”
“Why?”
“Don’t worry. Tell me.”
“He’s on Nicholson street. The blue house at the end.”
I couldn’t help myself. “William Roberts!” I hollered.
“What are you doing?” she urged, begging me to stop.
“Nicholson Street! Blue house at the end! I’ll be seeing you soon!”
“Billy.” She was petrified.
“Oh yeah! Why don’t we just settle it now!” he shouted back.
“No settling! Just you in my sights! Every day when you leave your house, just look up! You can give me a wave!”
He and his friends fell silent. 
I turned to Ilene. “Flowers. Which are your favorite?” 
“Billy, stop.” There was a fear there, a nervousness, an anxiousness, but her lips curled ever so slightly. Satisfaction. “Red lilies.”
“Ilene likes flowers! Red lilies!” I yelled.
William didn’t respond. His feet were still, as were the others.
“You can deliver them underneath the bridge! You were right, that’s our bridge!” I said. “We will check for them next Saturday at 6:00 p.m. sharp! Eighteen hundred hours!” I said. “Get moving, soldier!”
He did his best to give me a long-distance stare down, but I was no longer buying what he was selling. His girlfriend tagalong pulled him by the sleeve and they left.
“What’s going on here!” A booming voice sounded from behind us. 
“Oh, no,” Ilene squeaked. 
I turned. It was her father. 
“Ilene!” he shouted. 
She didn’t turn away. She held my gaze and I held hers. “Saturday at six?”
“Yes.”
“Ilene, get in the car!”
She left my grasp and walked slowly to the car. Her father stomped around to the passenger side and opened the door for her. While mad, he still offered to help, but she waved him off and said something snippy. After being put in his place, he straightened up angrily, adjusted his hat, and sent the glare of death my direction. It held for a second, and I didn’t know what else to do other than wave. He didn’t wave back. 
Their car roared by and I thought I saw another smile inside. 
Mountie was just where I had left him. I hoped he had gotten some shut-eye. God knew I wasn’t going to get any, even after a long trip.


















13

“We need to do something about this, Peter.”
“And what do you suggest we do?”
Martha tossed her dishrag in the sink and leaned up against the wall behind their kitchen table. 
“They came to our house.”
“They didn’t know the boy. They had no grief with Billy, no grief with us, just Frank Bronson and his bullshit.”
“We don’t know how men like this are gonna act. What if they just come taking? What then?”
“Rifle shoots just fine.”
“Yeah, cowboy of the north. Words easily spoken when the criminals aren’t bearing down on us. Yet.”
“I just don’t know what you want me to say, much less do. You tell me then.”
“I don’t know,” she replied.
“I’ll tell you one thing that I know. We’re not leaving this land under any circumstance. This is our home. And if we’ve gotta protect it, then that’s what we’ll do.”
Martha narrowed her eyes. “I was more concerned about Billy than a few bundles of plywood.”
“That’s what you think of our place?”
She sighed. “Of course not.”
“We’ll keep him safe. You know that.”
Martha took a seat at the dinner table. “Who are these men? Where are they coming from?”
“We don’t need to know that. Them stopping here was a coincidence, and we’re never gonna see them again. Everything is all right, Martha. I’ll be on the lookout the next couple of weeks, okay?”
It wasn’t okay, but he was right. What else could they do?
She couldn’t keep her eyes off the clock. Hurry your ass home, Billy. If he had decided to make a camping trip of it, she’d strangle the boy. 
“You need a bath,” she said to Peter.
“That right?”
“That is right. I could smell you from the barn.”
“Maybe it was just the barn?”
He smiled and so did she. “I want you to be friendly about Billy’s new friend.”
Peter’s lips tightened as he rolled his head to the side. She hated that look. 
“Right?” she asked.
“I don’t give a rat’s ass about who his friends are, as long as he puts in his hours here. But I’ll tell you what, he’s not wearing out Mountie going into town every week. No way that can happen.”
“Guess you’ll have to buy him a car.”
He chuckled like, ”yeah right.”
It was true though, it could become an issue awful fast. If he was sweet on this girl, she was glad for him, but how would it work with her in Moose Jaw?
“We’ll figure something out,” she said.
He shook his head and clucked his tongue. “Nothing to figure out. If she wants to drive him back and forth, that’s her business. Trips with Mountie aren’t happening spring through to fall. He can use him once a month during the winter on the milder days.”
“Well look at that, you got it all figured then. Slice of pie, dear?”
He flexed his jaw with a smile.
“She’s got a lot of opinions today. Yeah, I do got it all figured.” He rose and arched his back for a click. “Any of that bread left?”
“Sit down, I’ll get it.” Martha rolled up the bread cabinet and cut off a slice. “Butter?”
“And cheese.”
She sliced off two thin slices of cheddar and placed them on top of the spread butter. “Milk?”
“Water’s fine.”
She got him all set up. He chewed loudly; his manners were worse than the boy’s. “Sounds like it’s good,” she said.
He ignored her and kept on chewing, slurping his water back with loud gulps, his Adam’s apple bobbing.
“I think this girl is special.”
“She’s special all right.”
Martha’s stare was cold as—well, ice.
“Their dimwit kids. Won’t last,” he said.
“Seem like adults to me. And weren’t we dimwit kids, about their age?”
“Well.” He grunted and continued with his midnight snack. 
“I’ll draw that bath for you then.”
“Yeah,” he replied. 
Off she went.
Martha lay in bed looking up at the ceiling. She kept thinking about how tightly Billy had held onto that rifle when the man and that boy were inside.
What will I make tomorrow for dinner? I could bread the chicken, roast potatoes, and make gravy. Side of corn would be fine. Yeah I’ll do that . . . Supper . . . I don’t know yet . . . Cheese sandwich if I can’t come up with anything. Maybe I’ll do that and get a batch of soup going. I have some ground beef that needs to be used soon. Could make more potatoes with lunch and use the other half for the soup. Yeah, I’ll do that. 
The distraction was brief and quickly settled. Billy . . . She’d be awake until he returned. Once Peter finished with his bath and got to sleep, she’d get out of bed and wait in the kitchen. I shouldn’t have to though. He should be back by then. Movie finished at nine. Three hours back. Maybe an extra half hour. Yeah, he should be back within a half hour.
***
The wind was low, which was great because I didn’t bring anything to shield my face from it. Mountie moved smoothly, a steady pace that was just as fast as the trip in. He must have caught a nap while we watched the movie. Boy, talk about bad timing with Ilene’s father.
Then I wondered . . . how long had Ilene been teased at school? Had it been just this one boy, William? Were there others? Did she have good friends to stand up for her?
My eyes had grown tired. I hoped Clayton hadn’t returned. What would he want with them though . . . It’s fine. They’re fine. 
I made it to the final tree line to my right, a stubby spruce at the end of the row, thick bush up ahead in the distance. At the end of our drive sat Dorothy. As we neared, she stood on her hind legs like a prairie dog to greet me, her ears perked with anticipation. She followed Mountie to the barn, and I could see Martha sitting on the front steps. My heart raced for a moment, worrying about being in trouble for something.
I got Mountie comfortable in his stable and gave him a quick brush while Dorothy whined outside the gate.
I couldn’t get a read on Martha’s temperament when I met her on the front steps.
“Why aren’t you in bed?” I asked.
“How was the movie?” she asked.
“Fine.”
“What was it about?”
“Uh . . . war.”
“That’s good. Good for you.”
“What are you doing out here?” I asked.
“Oh . . . thinking about taking up smoking.”
“Why?” I asked. 
She smiled at me. “Kidding. Not too bad outside actually. Mountie did fine I gather?”
“Yeah, he was perfect.”
“That’s good.” Martha pulled her jacket around her tighter and shivered. “Wanting to see her again?”
“Saturday?” 
She looked past me, to the end of the drive.
“She can come out here if you like.”
“I’m supposed to go there this time I guess.”
“All right. Might be worth taking the buggy. Could put you on a supply run, make the trip worthwhile.”
“That’s a good idea.”
“It is. Time for bed then.”
“They didn’t come back did they?”
“No. You’re positive he didn’t recognize you?” she asked.
“Yeah . . . I’m sure.” It was the truth. Nothing seemed to register when he first saw me. I just hoped he didn’t see me react. But I did have his journal now . . . Would he come back for it? Or think he’d lost it? With that partner of his, I was sure hopeful that he would place blame on him. Surely he would. But would his partner, Jeremy, say something about me?
“Just let me know if you need to talk about it,” Martha said, her eyes still on the driveway.
“Okay.”
“That creature start paying rent yet?” She looked down at Dorothy, whose owlish eyes stared unblinking.
“She’s been working hard.” I said. 
“Yeah, I bet,” she said. “She in or out?”
I smiled and set her to the ground, but her purring never stopped. She rubbed against Martha’s leg. “Queen of manipulation,” she said.
I knelt, and with my two fingers together, tapped Martha twice on the shoulder. Dorothy gurgled her strange mewl and leaped at the target. Martha caught her and accepted a fluffy face-to-face scrub. “And how am I supposed to say no to that?”
I should have been thinking of Ilene, but I kept picturing Clayton’s grin. He had just walked into our house. He was too dangerous of a man to be walking the streets. How many people had he killed?
The next delivery spot was within reach. And it was tomorrow, Sunday, God’s day. Peter and Martha had a soft spot for Sundays, working only part of the day if it wasn’t spring or fall. I could go to the meeting spot, hide in the trees, and simply observe. I could bring a gun for protection.
I had to know where Sinclair Farms was. I had to.
 





















14
The sun caressed Mason Sinclair’s face. He brushed back his disheveled, wavy black hair and loosened his tie more than it already was. At his feet knelt a man. A pathetic man, babbling with a snotty nose. Mason didn’t want to hear one word that came out of his mouth. The time for consideration was now over. 
Mason’s father, the great pioneer and founder of Sinclair Farms, was one of the first in the province to seize the opportunities that the prohibition brought. Just as operations were built, up and running, off to the races, his father died of a heart attack. He had flopped over on a hot summer day with grunts and chokes, sweat stains bleeding out from his three-piece suit. He had only tasted the beginning of riches, and Mason was left with a full plate, and a crew with wide and impressionable eyes. So he worked. And then he worked some more. They were desired and feared. Men without a place, without purpose, would seek him out for employment. People came from far and wide for product. At one point, when his father was still living and the prohibition was still in place, they had ten vehicles for distribution. Now, they had four.
Mason was forced to dive in head first, feet already wet, and he did so without any second-guessing. He acted, took control when he wasn’t ready. 
Spencer, one of his muscle, stood with a rifle in his hands next to the dribbling fool down on all fours. 
“Hang on,” said Mason. 
He walked around the backside of his house. The snow was beginning to melt away and he was glad for this. He had grown tired of the cold winter and was eager for sun and cold lemonade. He found a rope out back that had already been used in the past, though it had been quite some time. 
The man on his knees was short and fat. When Mason approached with the noose, he tried to run. Mason snickered at the man after seeing one of his young workers lift a pellet gun toward the fat waddling duck. Mason waved off Spencer, who was ready to draw his rifle. 
The young man, who went by the name of Cheese for reasons unknown to Mason, lined and fired his pellet gun, hitting the man square in the rear. The wiggly piggly went down in a heap, thinking he’d been hit by a real gun. Spencer and Cheese howled. It was very humorous for everyone watching the stocky man finally realize he had a small pellet in his ass, the wound not fatal. He rose to his feet again. 
“Let’s not make that next shot the real deal!” yelled Mason. “Or is that how you want it? Because I know for a fact Spencer can hit a can of paint through the window inside the broad side of a barn cross a couple miles of wheat! You want to test the story? Go on, we’ll give you a head start!” he shouted again.
The man didn’t move. 
“I’ll tell you what I can do! You make your way back here and plead your case. Innocent until proven guilty, is that not what they say?”
The man walked back over with his pig tail between his legs, sweat soaked right through on all parts of his circular body. 
Spencer kicked out the backs of his knees and he came crashing down with an oof.
“Okay. Go on then.”
“Wha—What?” he stammered.
“State your case.”
He looked like a cartoon painting more than a human being. His bulbous head, his eyes and mouth in wide slits, drool dripping from his chin as he spat to find words. 
“Please,” he managed to gut out. 
“Yes, I’m listening. You have my utmost attention. Go on.”
“I’m begging you.”
“Well, what good will that do?”
He babbled something that didn’t resemble English. Mason looked at his house, then over to his distilling shed. There were men coming in and out and they all looked tense. 
“Where the hell is Clayton?” he asked Spencer, who shrugged. “Sweet Christ, I need bells and whistles on everyone.”
“Please don’t kill me,” the man stammered. “I’m sorry, Mr. Sinclair.”
“So you do admit that you stole a crate of shine from me?”
“It was a mistake. I'll do whatever you want from now till forever.”
“There you have it,” said Mason, charming grin shifting his shadowed stubble beard. “Will the jury please rise!” Mason put his hands in his pockets and rocked on the backs of his heels, whistling a tune his father used to whistle. “No forever for you, I’m afraid.”
“No, please!”
“You stole from me. Nobody steals from me.”
Mason placed the noose around his stout neck. Spencer moved to take over the process, but Mason shooed him away. “I can handle this. Go make yourself useful.”
Mason snugged the rope and it gagged the crying man. “Actually get him up on the platform. Really is a two man job. I’ll work the pulley if his neck doesn’t break off the hop.”
The fat man resisted, and that earned him a butt end to the backside of the head. He fell forward, and Spencer dragged him up the steps to the platform lined to the old rusted hanging post that his father had set up there in their front yard, right across from the willow tree and a swing set where he used to play as a kid. Down the dusty trail there was a creek, and across that creek, a road. A road that only a very select group of people knew about.
“Please, let—let— let me speak first!”
Mason was in the middle of tying off his end of the rope through the pulley. “Of course, last words are always appropriate no matter the circumstance.” Mason gave Spencer a sudden nod, and just as the man was about to speak, he was pushed forward off the platform. His feet cleared and the rope caught, but there was no snap of the neck bone, none at all. Just a purple-headed peasant. Mason worked the crank as his feet had almost made it to the ground from his weight. His fat neck proved too sturdy, and Mason had to hold on for dear life, flexing every muscle in his body, constricting his suit. 
“Should we just have a do-over?”
“A do-over?! This isn’t golf, you idiot!” 
“Yeah, but, I mean he’s suffering quite a lot.”
“You’re right,” Mason said through clenched teeth as his grip held tight on the handle. “We’ll let him down, give him a nice warm sponge bath, and then slip him a sedative in his borscht. Don’t forget the cream!”
“Look at that fat little man fight,” said Spencer, impressed.
“Yeah.” Mason’s face was now the same color as the man being strangled. 
“You should be wearing different shoes, boss.”
On cue, Mason’s grip slipped and the man bobbed down, causing another jarring strangulation downward. The man made a deep grunt noise, and then the rope pulled through and he fell to the ground. 
Spencer had started to laugh but stopped when he saw Mason’s cold face. 
He dusted off his suit jacket when Clayton poked his head out the house and yelled, “We got a problem, boss.”
“Tell me inside.”
Mason walked away, leaving the man on his back wheezing desperately for some much needed air. Spencer glided over and stood atop the fat man with his rifle. “Don’t you go nowhere.”
Mason’s home was nothing to behold, but a functional home nonetheless. He was planning on building a second, much larger house in the summer, and then between the shed and the house his entire staff would have a proper roof over their heads. He was going to build a gorgeous three story with brick walls and ivy. High ceilings in the entrance with a skyline to look out at the white clouds. Bedrooms upstairs, a billiard and poker room attached on one side, garage on the other. The basement would be for his hunting apparel and projection screening area. Down there he could tinker with new recipes away from the others. He wanted to play around with various whiskey flavors.
Business was far from booming like it had been during the prohibition, but if he could stay on track, the following summer would include a baseball field being built. Staff morale and such. He had been smart with their money and invested a large portion of their fortune into the booming stock market. Mason hadn’t spent a dollar unless he had to. He had his father’s touch for finances built into his DNA.
Mason opened the fridge and grabbed the pitcher of iced tea. He poured himself a glass. “What’s the problem, Clayton?”
“The whole batch, Mr. Sinclair. It’s burnin’ red.”
Mason took a gulp from his tea and gasped in satisfaction after swallowing. “What do you think we should do?”
“We can’t sell this rotgut, sir.”
“Second time this month. Why?”
“I left it to Jeremy. Thought I had him trained up. He was good 'n ready I figured.”
“Clearly not. Placing blame on the young man isn't very responsible, now is it?”
“No, it ain’t.” Clayton’s nostrils flared.
“So how can you make this up to me then?”
“I’ll make the cost back, bump up the fee.”
“You want to raise prices on our loyal customers?”
“Yes, sir,” he answered uneasily, his dumb face hot.
“You understand we are a business? What business is that, Clayton?”
He paused, looked to his left. “Uh, sellin’ shine.”
“We are in the business of providing not only a product, but a service to the people of Moose Jaw and the surrounding area, comprised of many small towns whereby the people are loyal, and more importantly, talk . . . And we deliver that product to them on time. That's our job. Now, you want to raise their fee because you fucked it all to hell?”
“No, sir.”
“No, that doesn't make much sense now does it?”
“No, sir.”
“Accountability, Clayton. It's an important concept. One you best be understanding. Soon.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Well I have a proposal. Would you like to hear it?”
“Uh. Yeah. Sir.”
“Okay. You are going to inform your customers that the shipment is not ready. You will then inform them that there will be no charge for their next load of product. The cost incurred by the Sinclair organization will then be deducted from your regular pay. Does that sound fair to you, Clayton?”
Mason couldn’t count how many times he’d let his daddy down like this. But that’s different. That’s family. You forgive. But this was getting ridiculous. If things didn’t get a lot better in a hurry, there was going to be a major culture shift—perhaps it would happen regardless.
“That all clear as mud?”
Mason chugged the iced tea and gently tossed the glass into the sink. It shattered. 
Clayton nodded, fear and anger creating a contrasting blend. He turned to leave. 
“Oh, and Clayton?”
He turned back.
“Let's keep it burnin' blue from now on.”
Mason stepped outside and the sun blinded him for a moment. Spring was jumping at the bit and he couldn’t help but smile, despite the shit-show that was his business. Life was still sweet in spots.
He pulled his hat down low and walked across the yard back to the hanging post. 
“Mr. Sinclair, Mr. Sinclair!” the fat man exclaimed with joy. “I’ve got a plan. A great one. I promise you’ll like it!”
“Someone speaking my language finally.” Mason walked up to Spencer, ripped the rifle from his hands, pointed it at the fat man, and pulled the trigger. Click. Safety on. The fat man gasped and rolled to his side, crawling on hands and knees with the noose still around his neck. Mason clicked the safety, walked over, barrel to back. 
Blood splattered across his face. He used an old silk handkerchief that had belonged to his father to wipe it away—he had a box full of them.
Mason tossed the gun back to Spencer and walked on over to the shed. A little pep talk to rally the troops.



15

The marked ”X” was inside the belly of the bush. There were no direct routes by road. Their meeting time was 5:00 p.m. Trouble was I’d have to trek through bush to get there, otherwise the road that circled around would take far too long, and I didn’t want to get caught taking Mountie. Even if I were to do so, there’d still be a leg of an hour’s walk through unfamiliar bush. Based on my rough figuring, it would take me about three and a half hours each way by foot, providing myself with some leeway for poor conditions. Again, rough figuring. 
I wore two pairs of socks and brought an extra pair in case my feet got wet. My father, he could never stress this enough. He’d almost lost his toes when he used to chop trees for a living when he was young, before he met my mother. He’d been told halfway through the day that he could go back to camp if he needed to, but he was too proud for that. He spent the next three days off his feet, two of those days in agony. He told me, “Pick the right moments to be proud.” 
I had a strap for my Winchester 12-gauge and I figured Peter wouldn’t notice that it was gone. He’d only ever touch his rifles or his antique pistols, not my 12-gauge or .22. I had swiped a canister from the corner cubby in the kitchen and filled it with water, and packed one item of food from each category so Martha hopefully wouldn’t notice. I took one slice of bread with a slice of cheese, one apple, one peach, and one smoked sausage. I hid my sack of supplies outside behind the poplars behind the old shed. 
I worked all morning, but Peter and Martha both never came outside. Lunch was on, and I saw that they were both smiling at the same time.
“Everything in order?” asked Peter, his voice lighter. 
“If you think everything’s in order, chaos is right around the bend.”
Peter grinned. “He does listen.”
“Peter, leave the boy alone.”
“Serviced the tractor, everything is ready.”
“All right then.”
“That new door had some shifting already, wasn’t sliding into place right, so I adjusted the latch. I used some of your tools, hope that’s okay.”
“Long as they’re back where they were before, yeah.”
“Yes sir, they are.”
“Take the afternoon if you’d like.”
“You can join us for cards,” said Martha. Peter shot her a glance. She got all flustered. 
“The boy needs to be outside. Go stake out your blinds. Then take the old trails. Wouldn’t mind some roughed grouse. Martha and I will . . . play cards.”
It looked like steam was about to come out her ears.
It clicked and I understood and chose to ignore it. I was just glad that I didn’t have to fool them. No elaborate lies.
***
I headed south down our grid with no number attached. West on grid 791. I walked until I reached the deformed spruce tree that looked like it had another tree growing out the side of it. I turned back north, took a chicken trail I hadn’t used in quite a while. I walked only two miles down that path. Then I cut back west through some unknown bush. That was where it got tricky.
It was manageable, but there were spots that were so thick, branches scratching my face as I forged on ahead. Old crusted leaves and pine needles stabbed at me, shed down my coat. I was working up a sweat, my parka too heavy. From what the map had shown me, it shouldn’t have been much more than a couple miles through the treacherous course. 
I was forced to zig and zag through openings, unable to take a direct route due west. 
I made it through, but my bearings were off now. There was bush on both sides, a winding path running north-south. There were footprints, but they belonged to deer.
There was a narrow trail running around the south part of the river. I didn’t know which would lead me to that path. Move down the trail south, following deer steps, or trudge through more bush and come out into the opening and cross into another trail that curved around and across to the other side of the river. What if the deer trail runs south and then bends back the wrong way? 
I walked the south trail, the deer steps blending with other critter paws and droppings. I walked a long time. My legs were beginning to argue. Thankfully, I was still sheltered from the wind, but exhaustion was definitely playing its part. 
I reached a fork and as I had feared, my only option was the wrong one. The trail turned back east toward home, and what led west hardly resembled a trail. I had wasted a great amount of distance. I plopped down on a piece of ground not covered with snow and reached into my sack for the bread and cheese. I ate it quickly and chased it down with a big gulp of water. I had my apple for dessert. I didn’t want to drink anymore of my water as I had to spare it. I sat for only a few minutes, thinking about what Ilene might be up to. She was probably reading in bed, comfortable and safe in a wonderfully imaginary world where anything was possible, where she could travel anywhere, be any of the characters she so chose. I wished I was there with her. 
I had lost at least an hour and was forced to backtrack.
It was more of the same. Scratching, clawing through, tripping on roots, bushes, the tip of my gun getting tangled in branches. I was frustrated.
But then, it opened up. There was space to walk, as it was mostly spruce trees now.
I could hear movement. It was no deer. It made grunts like a cub of some sort, whine-like. I heard the sound of heavier-footed shuffling through the trees. It was distant but getting closer.
I kept moving, backpedaling as I faced whatever it was that was approaching. It wasn’t backing off. I heard the whine from a cub once more and then— 
A deep, disturbed growl followed. The strap of my 12 gauge rolled along my shoulder and dropped. I chicken-winged my arm outward to catch it. My feet didn’t move. I waited for him to present himself. Waited for another deep roar. 
I’d only spotted bears from my stands twice, but never on foot. I remained still, ready to act. I brought the gun out slowly and loaded it with a quiet click.
Silence.
A muffled cry came from the cub.
Suddenly, branches were being bulldozed.
The branch of a spruce flew like the spring of a door stopper. Momma bear burst through.
She hammered on the brakes and huffed at me. She was beautiful and brown. I didn’t move; instead I let her smell me out. She stood on her hind legs real tall, as the fog of my breath crawled out into the cold air. She released a stunted growl. I was close enough that her breath touched my nose. I stood tall, raised my arms up in the air, and I yelled not very convincingly. She flinched, and I screamed louder. 
The hairs on her back stood and she leaned back on her hind legs and roared deep and powerful, showing no signs of letting me take control. The cub was too close for that. I rested my arms back down to my sides and began taking steps backward. She didn’t come any closer. One step at a time, slowly, no sudden movements. I looked over my shoulder and there was an opening up ahead. I picked up my pace while she huffed and fussed. 
Keep moving, don’t stop, keep moving. 
My next step landed square on top of a branch. It was thick enough to make a loud snapping noise. The bear jolted forward. I turned and ran. 
I had seconds. The clearing was up ahead. There was grass, then a break, and more land. An endless world of green spruce was separated by the Qu’appelle River. 
The bear would be on me any second. I turned, planted, and fired with the gun tight to my shoulder. I hit her dead center and she staggered to the side for a moment. I turned and ran to the edge of a cliff. I pumped the gun, the next shell sliding into position. I turned back, everything now in slow motion. The bear swayed and then charged at me. It was about a sixty-foot drop to the water, and I had no idea of the depth.
I turned back and the bear was bearing down on me, gobs of saliva flying from her mouth, her brown fur matted with blood. I fired again, hitting her neck and lower jaw, but she continued forward. I turned and a gust of wind tunneled at me from around the point. I jumped.
It would’ve taken one rake of the claw, one deep bite, and I was done for.
My stomach leaped into my chest. The air should have been dry and hot, and I should have just let go of a rope swing for a refreshing splash. The sun should have been sparkling off the water, and Pops’ boat should have been out on the water, waiting for me to swim out to. My stomach should have been in my throat for only a second before cutting through the cold river, the taste of algae in my mouth. 
But I fell for too long. I carved through water. My ankle turned sideways. The bone popped and pain flushed through my leg, settled in my knee, pulsing angrily. I made no sound, standing myself up on my left leg, which seemed to be fine. Where the wall of the cliff met the ground laid a big brown ball of fur, curled up. 
The pain became more real and I screamed. It hurt more than anything I had ever felt. My foot no longer belonged to my leg. They were two separate things held together by skin and soft pulsing mush. 
A chunk of ice floated by. I hobbled crosscurrent on my good leg and made it to the ledge of the bank, soaked from head to toe. I limped over. Each step, even on my left, made the right throb from the subtle bobbing of my body. 
I made it to the bear, which was still breathing, huffing and whining in pain. She turned and moaned. She saw me, but she did not wish to defend any longer; she wished for a companion. She was scared. Remarkably, I had held on to the gun, but I didn’t know if it would work. My sack of supplies had dropped up above, but I had shells in my pockets. I pulled one out and cleared the chamber and loaded it. 
The blast wasn’t loud to me this time. I blew a small hole in her head and she rested still, pain free.
 I was not more than five hundred feet to where the cliff leveled off with the river. There was a bank that went farther than I could see, so I started hobbling on one leg. I couldn’t put any pressure on my right. If I did, the pain was more than excruciating.
I hopped quite a distance. Where I left the bear behind was no longer visible. The bank had long ago flattened, and I was fortunate enough to have walking space on a small snowy beach. Both knees throbbed in different ways. My right swelled, blood filling and swirling. The knee and the ankle must have gone hand in hand when I crashed feet first. My left ached under the kneecap from the jarring hops, one after another. I was frozen, cock-stiff like a barn door on a cold December night.
There were times when I felt that I couldn’t go on any longer, and there were times that felt as close to routine as it could in such terrible conditions. The thought of death had surpassed the stage of panic, and I now contemplated what it would be like to die. Where would I go? Would I see my father again? I assumed these were things everyone thought of before they died, and I accepted those thoughts as natural. Even the most religious men surely had questions and doubts when approaching death. I was no longer worried about it. I was worried about Ilene. I hoped she’d be okay, that she’d find her way, away from people like William Roberts.
Light was still shining, the day holding on. I was so tired, weak, and hungry. Weight was added with each step I took. My clothing was now like icy cardboard and my whole body vibrated, my spine pinched and hurt. I sucked in wind at a fast rate, which my lungs didn’t appreciate. I could hear myself, the labored wheeze, the stitch in my side, the pain. Oh, the pain. 
My mind provided me with another surge of fantasy, perhaps my last before I left. I was kissing Ilene for the first time. Her lips were sweet. I was without any worry. Then an image came to light, not far off from where I stood. I felt the warm sun soak my bones, and my father was out on our boat. The water was calm, or by his standards, “good enough.” I walked off the shore into the water. It was cold at first, but I was soon submerged knee-deep and it was no longer frigid. It was like a warm bath. Pops looked at me but didn’t smile. He paid no attention to me or the end of his fishing rod. His gaze was out with the trees. He leaned back, tipped his hat, and crossed his hands over his chest for a catnap.
I snapped out of my trance, still knee-deep in the cold water. Ahead was a skinny road that cut through shallow water. I hobbled on through, moving at the speed of a tired turtle. There was a peculiar sign, handmade of wood, the name burned, blackened into the grains. It was slightly faded, but it read “Copperhead Rd.”
My foot touched gravel and I continued down the road, pines on either side of me.
My body collapsed along with my mind.
***
I heard tires on gravel. The smell of exhaust helped wake me. My vision was blurred, my heart slow. I heard men talking. 
“He breathin’?” asked the one man.
“Don’t seem that way,” said the other.
I felt pressure on my side, and then someone rolled me over onto my back. I coughed and moaned. My ribs hurt. 
“Christ.”
“What the hell we do with him?”
“Put him in the back,” the other man said begrudgingly. 
“We're still going to meet with the Sinclairs. We have to show up!”
“You don't think I know that? We put him in the back, we get the lightning, and we go back to town.”
“Yeah, all right.”
“What, you wanna leave him here? He's a kid.”
“I said all right!”
I was hoisted up in the air and dropped into the back seat. My head bumped against the side panel. I could hardly keep my eyes open as I was tired and my eyelashes were iced shut. I could feel that I was now inside a vehicle much warmer than outside, yet it did me no good. I would be cold forever.
We rode for not long and came to a stop. They had thrown a tarp over me and told me to lie still and keep quiet and then they’d take me to the hospital where it was warm.
The door opened, and then there was rustling back and forth as they loaded up the back—must have been a trailer. Jars clanked. 
I could hear their voices faintly. “Same time next week then?”
“That five o’clock or quarter after?”
“You be here at five sharp. I'll come whenever I'm good and ready.” It sounded like Clayton.
There was silence. 
“No problem. I'll see y'all here next week at five.”
“That sounds just fine then.”
The men got back in the front of the car. “That guy is such an asshole,” the one said. 
“Why you gotta go runnin' your mouth. They'll kill you and throw you in the bush for looking at them the wrong way. Use your head.”
I kept my eyes closed as I listened.
“Sounds like he's still breathing. Let's take him to the hospital.”
“We gotta make this shipment first, we’re already late.”
The other man sighed. “Fine. We drop off, take him into the hospital, and get home with our crate just in time to share a bottle. If the pussy comes later, the pussy comes later.”

***
I lifted my head to get a look outside. There were train tracks and men disappearing into the ground, coming and going, arms filled with crates of glass jars. Four men were carrying two barrels down the slope, underground. I let my head fall back down. Before I closed my eyes, I saw where I was. In the distance, I saw the lights of Main Street, Moose Jaw.
***
I woke up in the dark. I tried to move, but pain lit me up every which way. I yelped and cried out for help. I called for Martha until she came into my room, although I was not in my room, and it was not Martha. It was a nurse. My ankle was in horrendous condition. 
I slept a lot, which was good. All of that night and most of the next day. And when I woke the second time, Martha was there, sitting in a chair beside me. Her eyes were red.
“Your ankle is broken, don’t try and move it.”
She looked angry. I didn’t know what to tell her right away; my head was still foggy and sore, along with everything else.
“Is there something I’m not understanding about you and the cold?” Her lips trembled, and her eyes frowned sadly at me. “It’s barely winter and you still found a way to freeze.”
“I’m sorry.” It was all I could muster.
“You’re sorry? I thought you were dead in a ditch.” Her face remained steady, but tears dribbled down her cheeks. She didn’t wipe them away. She didn’t move a muscle, she stared through me. 
“I don’t know what I’m supposed to make of these careless adventures. Do you not care what happens to you? Is that it?”
“No, that’s not it.” Even whispering made my body ache. 
“Have you given any thought about what I would do without you?”
“What do you mean?”
“What do I mean . . .” She looked down and shook her head. Martha grabbed a jug of water and poured me a glass, stood, and held it to my lips. “Little sips.”
I drank half the glass.
“Are you warm enough?”
I looked down and realized they had me bundled up like last time back home. I was wrapped up in a shell with no place to go.
I wanted to tell her the truth, but I didn’t even know what the truth was. “I was hunting. I got turned around, lost my sense of directions. And then a bear came at me, protecting its cub.”
Her hand came to her mouth. “A bear . . .” She tried to say more but was unable. 
“It backed me up to a ledge. A bank over the river. She charged and I shot. Hit her clean in the chest. But the shotgun wasn’t enough, I knew it wouldn’t be. So the momma bear, she fell off to the side but she came at me hard again. I shot again. Got her good, but she was still coming at me . . . The jump wasn’t that far but the water, it was too shallow. My ankle broke.”
Martha sat on the edge of my bed and placed her hand on my forehead. “You’re still feverish.” A stray tear dripped from her face and onto mine. She wiped it away with her finger and smiled. “No more hunting away from the yard without Peter. I’d say no more hunting at all, but I know the torture it would cause you.”
“Is Peter angry?”
“It’s been a crazy couple months, Billy. Neither of us is mad, we’re just . . . worn a little thin, that’s all.”
“I’m sorry.”
“It’s not your fault.” She fed me some more water. “They’re fitting you for a cast. We got Peter’s crutches back at the house from when he turned his ankle a few years back. You’re a tall man, they should fit you just fine. We can shave them down if we have to.”
“The cub . . .” I mumbled instead of keeping the thought inside. 
“The cub?”
“What’s he gonna do now? The mother is dead. I killed her. I need to go back and find the baby.”
“It’s a wild animal, Billy. The least of our concerns.”
“It’ll die soon without her.”
“Then it dies.”
“Suffering though. That’s not right.”
“What’s not right is that you got attacked by a bear. Do you know how lucky you are?”
“We can’t just leave it.”
“We’re not talking about this now.”
“We can bring him to the farm, take care of him and send him back when he’s able.”
She laughed bitterly and put her hand on my cheek. “You are a sweet, sweet boy. You realize this though? That you sound like a boy. It’s time to grow up.” She brushed her hair away from her eye. “My farm isn’t a petting zoo for the insane.” She laughed and sighed. “That little hotsy-totsy of yours wouldn’t be too pleased to find you’ve been eaten by a bear.”
I chortled and winced. 
“I’m just saying. She might like a few more trips to the petting palace.”
“What’s that?”
“The movies.”
“Why’d you call it that?”
Martha looked young again, her smile beaming. “Never mind. Just sleep that stubborn head of yours.”
“Where will you sleep?”
“Anywhere I please.”
“Okay,” I said.
“I’ll stay here for a bit if that’s all right with you.”
“Yeah, what do you—“
“Shush now,” she said. “Just close your eyes and think of a warm beach. Nice and toasty.”
It didn’t take long for me to go back. I was still drowsy from the pain medication. My brain recycled images from my journey, rotating them back and forth, back and forth. ”Same time next week.” Copperhead Rd. The pit of hell where the moonshine went. Clayton’s voice.
I hated him so much.
    




Part III


















16

My itchy leg was driving me insane. I stole one of Martha’s wooden spoons, and it worked like a charm. I carried it around with me at all times, always digging underneath my cast.
The week went by quickly, and Saturday arrived.
I told Martha I could take the buggy into town by myself, but she said the only way I was going was if she came too. We didn’t say all too much along the trip. I suppose it had to do with us talking more in the last couple of months than we had in the six years I was there.
I scratched my leg and sighed in relief.
“Is that my spoon?”
“This? It’s my spoon.”
She smiled and looked on ahead. The road was clear, the ditches half full with melting snow and settled water.
“Lucky you’re not a child anymore. It’d be used on your rear end.”
“That would just be strange.”
She chuckled, furrowed her brow, and shook her head with a chuckle. “Very true.”
Mountie trotted ahead strongly, her tail bouncing along. 
“Beautiful day,” Martha said, paying attention to the clouds, then the thawing fields. “What have you planned then?”
“I don’t know exactly. Just where to meet.”
“And where is that?”
“The bridge on the west side.”
“Why there?”
I was embarrassed, and I think she could tell. “Never mind that.”
I gave my leg another scratch. “What will you do?”
“Should have a bit of time to pick up some things from the grocer. Then who knows. I’ll find something.”
I liked riding with Martha. It was nice to have someone else along. She sat straight and proper. 
She was a smart woman, I knew. Real tough too. Without her, I’d never get to see Ilene, no way.
“You treat that girl nice.” It wasn’t a question.
“You think I wouldn’t?”
She smiled sadly. “No . . . of course not.”
***
Ilene checked herself in the mirror. At fifteen, she already felt like an old lady.
Supper was usually on for five thirty, but her mother made the meal early because she knew that Ilene was going out to meet a boy, though she didn’t know which boy exactly. Whatever her mother had cooked, it was Italian. Either spaghetti and meat sauce or lasagna, as she could smell it from her room. Ilene wasn’t hungry at all, her stomach instead in knots, giving her no rest from the anxiousness. 
A familiar ache rolled up between her shoulder blades and the insides of her shins hurt with each step. If she walked more on her heels it lessened the pain, but when she rolled on her toes and pushed through, the bone would ignite. She wanted to stand up straight and tall, squeeze her shoulder blades together, and click that spine into a more vertical position, but that just wouldn’t happen. There was no give, no feeling comfortable, just a dulled blend of pain stretched throughout her whole body. 
Ilene applied lipstick, but it was far too red. She wiped it off and dusted her cheeks with blush, and that was all she felt comfortable using. She played with her split ends, assessing the damage, and tucked it behind her ears. She wore a dress that was similar to the first one she’d worn when she met Billy, but there were fewer flowers on this one, and they were smaller with a more organized row. She’d ironed it just right and was happy with the final look. No creases. 
Ilene walked out of the bathroom, down the long hall, and turned left into the kitchen. The house was too big, her steps always being wasted. She glanced at her wheelchair as she walked by.
 The smell of lasagna being pulled out of the oven stirred a hunger she didn’t realize she had. 
“Just a small piece please, Mum.”
“Sweety, I’d prefer it if you ate what I gave you.”
“Well, if you give me a small piece, I’ll eat all of it.”
“Don’t be wise with me.”
Ilene sat and chewed at her nails. Her mother came over with her plate and swatted her hand away from her mouth. “Do you want the hands of a woman or some bush savage?”
“What are you talking about?”
“Don’t be upstage with me, Ilene. I didn’t raise you to be lippy with me and a wallflower out there. You be a lady.” She served herself a plate and sat down to the left of Ilene. “Now, tell me about this boy. Is he from your class?”
“No, he ain’t.”
“Isn’t,” she corrected. “Younger then?”
“Maybe he’s older.”
“Is he?” Her mother beamed. Oh, how proud she would be if it was an older, more mature young man.
“I don’t know how old he is.”
“What does that mean? Which grade?” Her face fell flat, devastated and angry. “Ilene, you tell me this boy is still in school. I better not hear a thing otherwise.”
Ilene took a bite of her lasagna and burned the roof of her mouth. After she got it down, she said, “It’s very delicious.”
“Tell me the boy’s name or you’re not going.”
“Daddy didn’t talk to you?”
“No. Ilene. Just tell me.”
“He’s from out of town. The farm where we got that sausage you like so much.”
“In the woods practically.”
“He goes to school in the small town next over.” She blurted out the lie rather effortlessly. 
Her mother, Charlene, adjusted the fork and knife, perfectly aligned with her plate. She rested her hands, staring at the steaming food. “Your father knows this boy?”
“Mm-hmm.”
“Funny, he never mentioned a thing.”
“Busy with work I guess.”
Ilene looked at the clock, 5:15 p.m. She took three big bites and stood up from the table.
“Finish your plate.”
“Can I have some later? When I get back.”
Her mother sighed. 
“Fine. Nine then.”
“Yes, I know.”
She rushed out of there, not wanting to cross paths with her father. When he picked her up from the movie theater that day, she was told not to see Billy anymore. He said that there were plenty of nice boys in town, some of them fine hockey players, that’d be lucky to take her out. Her mother never made such silly suggestions. She’d always be fixing her hair, telling her to sit up straight, and letting her know kindly that there were plenty of boys of a certain caliber that would take her as a wife when she was a little older. 
The walk was long for her, but it was worth it. She could hardly wait to see Billy again. She laughed at the thought of red lilies being placed under the bridge. She should have been embarrassed, even offended by his joke, but Billy was different. He didn’t care what people thought, and she figured she could sure use a lot more of that in her life. She liked that he used William’s cruelty against him, steering into the skid without worry. He was quick and clever. She liked that. 
Surely William wouldn’t have delivered the flowers, although it did look like Billy scared the wits right out of him. He looked like such a fool standing there in the street with his mouth open. A real mouth breather indeed. 
She arrived first and peeked under the bridge with a tilted grin. No flowers.
***
Martha had borrowed Peter’s pocket watch and when we arrived, it was five forty-five. Martha pulled in from a distance, the bridge not quite visible. 
“Go on. Have fun.”
Martha turned Mountie around and headed back east into town. I crutched over quickly. Ilene was already there.
Everything was still because she made everything still. She looked nervous as usual, her hands cupping each other. I saw her smile and look down. Then she did a double take, probably startled by my cast.
“What happened to your leg?”
“Dorothy bit me.”
“What? No.” Her momentarily confused face shifted and she laughed, a sweet giggle. “Are you okay?”
“Just had a fall. Busted my ankle.”
“Oh, no . . . my goodness.” She reached down and touched my cast.
“Did you get your red lilies?” I said with a stupid grin.
She stood back up and looked bashful. “No.” Her hair was already tucked, but she ran her finger behind her ear once more. We just looked at each other for a bit.
She seemed bothered by something. “That William . . .  Does he cause you trouble at school?” I asked.
“Oh, no. They don’t mean nothing by it. Don’t know any better, I suppose. Ain’t their fault.”
“They?”
“Oh, you know . . . people don’t know what to do with different.”
She wasn’t mad. How could she not be angry with them?
“They used to line the ditches some years, but I haven’t found any close. All dandelions. But I know a place out in the country, we’ve driven by it before.” She lifted a hand to her mouth and glanced at her fingertips, then dropped it back to her side. “I used to pick them, but Mum doesn’t want them anymore. Too many flowers in the house, I guess.”
I was going to ask about her parents, and if they approved, but I knew the answer, and I didn’t want to put her in that position.
“So, what should we do?”
“I don’t really know.”
“Saturday night, must be something fun in town.”
“I don’t know about that.” She laughed nervously through her nose. “Fun means a crowd. I don’t really care for crowds.”
“No?” I had upset her. “Me neither. I should have brought my gun, could teach you to shoot. Or do you know how to shoot?”
To my surprise, her eyes widened with excitement. “You would?” she stammered. “I mean, I don’t know if I could. I would be too weak.”
“You’d be fine with a pellet gun.”
She laughed and shook her head. “I don’t know about all that. What would we shoot at?”
“Soda cans . . . squirrels.”
Her brow raised. “Squirrels?”
“Not bad eating,” I said jokingly so that she wasn’t disturbed.
“Fancy that. I didn’t know. Maybe next time then?”
“Sure. Yeah.”
“I did hear at school about a party at Freddie Mitchell’s, but I wouldn’t be much welcomed there. That’s the only thing I know of.”
“What do you like?” I asked.
“What do I like?”
“Yeah, for fun. Other than reading.” 
She seemed stressed now, her mind searching for something. She could have answered with anything, I didn’t care. “I like music.”
“Do you sing?” I asked.
Her lips tightened. “Not any good.”
“I doubt that.”
After a moment of silence, she stepped in closer and looked at my dirty boots. “Are they comfortable?” she asked.
“Used to be.”
“They look comfortable.”
An awkward pause followed. “Maybe we could go rob a store, get us both a new pair.”
“Yeah, that’d be swell.”
“Should we go for a walk?”

***

Our breath rose in the air. My crutches made a clicking noise each time they punctured the dirt, filling the silence. I wished I could walk.
Her right leg worked hard to keep up with her left but sometimes would drag instead of step. I made sure my pace wasn’t too fast.
“Are you okay on those?” she asked.
“Just fine.”
“So what happened? How’d you fall?”
I shouldn’t have worried her, but there was a selfish pride and I shamefully used it to hopefully impress. “I was actually attacked by a brown bear.”
She inhaled sharply. “What?”
“Momma bear protecting her cub. She backed me up to the riverbank, I shot once, then a second time, but she kept coming forward. So I jumped into the water. It was too shallow though. Ankle popped off like a . . . well, I’m not sure, but it sure broke easy. I could hear it. It was a far drop.” I sounded like such a fool, a real bimbo.
Her eyes were wide the whole time. “Y—Yo—You could have been killed!” Her voice was shrill.
“But I wasn’t.”
She was all in a huff now, shaking her head aggressively. “I just can’t believe it.”
“I’m fine.”
“Lucky though.”
We were close to Main Street and I could faintly hear music in the distance. I knew the night would end quicker than I’d like, and I knew this moment wouldn’t be remembered for long, not the way it was now. I focused like hell, trying to capture it, to keep it in my mind, to hang onto it as it was. I think she had stepped in closer, or maybe my crutches had slid a little. My heart was fast, her uncertain eyes searching mine. I had no idea what I was doing. “Do you hear that?” I asked, spoiling the moment.
“Hear what?”
“Music,” I said.
“Oh, yes, I hear it now.”
“Where’s that coming from?”
“The club.”
I didn’t know what a club was, but it had music, so I imagined there was dancing.
Ilene continued, “Last one left.”
“What happened to the others?”
“Closed down when the prohibition ended. Only reason they were there to begin with.”
“Why?”
“Oh, there were all kinds of businesses poppin’ up because of the liquor ban. Shady businesses was what Daddy called them. No honest ones out there during that time. Another outfit was undercutting Daddy. They went away though.”
I pictured the pit of hell when I was half frozen to death, the moonshine being hauled down.
“And lots of them are gone now?” I asked.
She nodded. “They went away.”
“Should we go to the club?”
“What? No, we can’t Billy. Too young, they won’t let us.”
“Well, I’d say we’re too good for that party you mentioned, and you said it yourself, you like music. Let’s go try.”
She didn’t want to, but we started walking. “Maybe you can sing for everyone.”
Ilene stopped dead in her tracks and gave me a serious look. “I’m just joking. Only if you want to.”
“That’ll be the day.” 
There was a big burly man at the front door. The music was loud, seeping through the frame of the door. He gave us a ”nice try” look. “How old are yous? Twenty-one I’m guessin’.”
“Yes, sir.”
He chuckled, his belly shifting up and down. “Isn’t there a bonfire somewhere for you kids to attend?”
I reached into my pocket and handed the man a dollar, a more than fair bargain, I guessed. “We just want to listen to the music in the back, nothing to do with alcohol.”
He looked at me with a strange smirk, then down to my leg, then to Ilene. She seemed to hunch more when she was nervous.
“I believe that,” he said. “Keep quiet and stay in the back. You can stay for an hour.”
“Thank you.”
He opened the door and Ilene held it for me as I crutched through. It smelled like smoke and somewhere between pungent vomit and gasoline. I had smelled it once before. It was more of a smog on Clayton’s breath, but it was there. I asked Ilene about it and she said it was probably the whiskey and that her father always drank at home after work. Peter and Martha never touched a drop of it. Cigarette smoke fogged an area over the bar and a few tables next to the bar. The music was loud enough, but the man behind the bar spotted us and more eyes followed, but the music played on.
I didn’t know a lick about music. We sat at an empty table in the back-right corner, and the scowling stares kept falling our way. 
“What is this then?” I nodded toward the band at the front.
Her curled finger pointed out and I leaned in to follow the line of where she was pointing. “That there is the trumpet. There is the sax. The drums over there. And that one leaning against the wall there is a bass guitar. You don’t know any of these?”
“Just the piano, I guess.”
There was an intro of some kind. It was a nice melody that made my foot tap, then a man in a fancy suit started to sing. He moved to the music, with a drink in his hand that he managed not to spill. I didn’t understand much of what he was saying. Something about misbehaving. Others laughed at him and chugged their drinks.
“Will you dance with me?”
She looked startled. “I don’t know how. I’d look like a fool.”
“The only reason you’d look like a fool is for dancing with a fool in a leg cast.”
“I don’t know how,” she said again.
“Me neither. Let’s not know how together, while we’re trying.”
She rose from her chair and slowly brushed her dress down. She looked over her shoulder to find that others were staring still. No one was dancing out on the floor, just sitting at tables smoking and drinking their toxins. 
I decided to keep my crutches. “I guess you will have to lead the way.”
“This is silly.” She examined the room once more. 
“You’re fine. Just maybe . . .” She reached for my shoulders first, but they were too high. “Since I can’t hold on to you, put your hands just on my waist. Don’t tickle me though.” She smirked but her eyes were still nervous. But she did as I requested. She moved in close and I placed my crutches on the outside of her feet. 
“Okay, easy enough. You move your foot to the side and I’ll move my crutch at the same time, then the other. Nothing to it.”
We hardly moved and surely looked like fools. Her hands and eyes were both on me. The music came to an abrupt stop and dropped into something slow and smooth. I looked over Ilene’s head, and I could have sworn the singing man in the suit winked at me. Others smiled at us, some frowned. 
She smelled like lavender and her lips looked soft. “They all staring?” she asked.
I looked back and, to my surprise, there were three other couples dancing slowly, swaying to the song. I laughed softly. 
“What?”
I pivoted around her and we rotated so her back was no longer turned. “Looks like we do know what we’re doing,” I said. 
Her shoulders relaxed and she moved in closer. I don’t know if we said two words the rest of our one hour in that club, and I couldn’t have cared less.
***
Martha picked us up at the bridge, and Ilene politely refused the offer of a ride but then said yes when she was asked more assertively the second time. I think her body was tired, or at least it appeared that way. I caught her wince a couple times. 
Mountie trotted down her street and pulled to a halt right there in the middle. All of the houses were quiet. There were no pedestrians out walking. It was awkward with Martha in the carriage, and I wanted to ask Ilene when we would meet again. 
I helped her off the buggy and thanked her for the dance. 
“Will I see you again?” she asked.
“Billy.” Martha called me over. I leaned over the edge of the buggy.
“Next Saturday, then you’ll have to take to writing her during seeding.”
My face was flushed as I stepped back up to Ilene. I felt like such a child, being chauffeured around by Martha. “Are you free—”
“Yes,” she said with a smile. “Saturday same time?”
“That sounds good.”
“You remember how to get here?”
I looked at her house number—sixty-seven. “Sixty-Seven Nicholson Drive, Moose Jaw. Got it.”
“Good.” 
The lamppost above us played as a spotlight. She was beautiful. My crutches were in the buggy, so I was standing awkwardly. 
“Well, goodnight then,” she said. Before she turned to leave, I hobbled in close and hugged her. She felt so tiny in my arms. I knelt down, and her hands touched the back of my hair. Our cheeks touched. Her hair smelled of lemon drops, her skin like honey.
“Next time I want to hear you sing,” I whispered in her ear.
“Doubtful,” she whispered back. 
We said our goodnight and the door opened, and out came her mother with hands on her hips. She noticed Martha in the buggy. Martha waved kindly and Ilene’s mother hesitated and waved back with a stuck frown. The turd in her mouth must have tasted something awful.
***
The night turned colder the closer we got to the farm. The wind began to whistle, the last of winter holding on for dear life. 
“Did you get everything you need?” I asked Martha, looking behind us at a bag of flour, some sugar, and some produce.
“Yup, good enough. Did you?” she asked with a sly grin.
“I guess I did.”
“She’s sweet.”
“Yeah. I know.”

   







18

Saturday was perfect. Ilene and I went out for dinner; burgers and milkshakes. Then we went to the library and picked out books. We were lucky because Ilene’s aunt was the librarian and she let us in and we were both able to take three books home with us. I didn’t have a library card, but she set me up with one and it didn’t cost a thing. We found a place in the corner to read and pick away at our leftovers from supper. Everything about it was easier now. We were more comfortable around each other.
We had stayed in the library until ten, and then I was forced to leave. Martha had been waiting in the carriage outside. The goodbye was more weighted this time, as I knew I wouldn’t see her for a while, unless she were to make a surprise visit out to our farm.
We hugged again, and she told me something I really needed to hear. “Please write me. I’ll miss you.”
Sunday was much like the last. I got up early, worked my butt off, and studied the map again. All of the other drop-off points were too far. This was the only one I could access. I had a plan, though it wasn’t much of one, but I was confident I could get to Copperhead Road again, efficiently this time, minus the hypothermia.
I was planning on arriving early, so I packed my books with me, uncertain which I’d choose first. Either The Great Gatsby or The Sun Also Rises—a more adult-like, ”sophisticated” read. Hopefully Ilene would be impressed.
I assured Martha and Peter I wouldn’t go out into the bush and that I was just going for a walk down the trail, maybe to Johnson’s farm, which was about five miles southwest. Martha didn’t like it, but she allowed it. 
***
I held my position in the trees along the road. I had the same sight line from my last shady recollection of that narrow road. Where the trees ended was where I had collapsed. And not far from there—only a few stone’s throw away—was where the men had lined up to make the exchange.
I waited. My plan was to be close enough to use anything they might say that would lead me to Sinclair Farms, and more importantly, back to Clayton—if he wasn’t there already. If I was found out, I would just say it was an area I used to hunt chickens. It wasn’t much of a scheme but it was something. 
One car approached. It was the same men from last time that saved me and brought me into the hospital. They weren’t the softest-spoken men, but they did what was right and I was grateful. 
Ten minutes went by and I heard tires on gravel approaching from the other direction. The engine was turned off and out stepped a total of four men, two from each car. Clayton was not there. I was positioned behind a tree and some shrubs with a split view of the front half of the cars where all four men were now standing. They didn’t start loading however, as the one man handed over a stack of cash to the Sinclair man. He had a bushy, dirty beard and cold eyes. He stood there looking down at the cash as the other two looked nervous. 
“Let’s start loading up then.”
“Hang on,” said the bearded Sinclair man. He flicked through the cash and slapped his hand with it. “Little bug tells me you’ve been skimmin’. You wouldn’t do that would you?”
“What? Count it. We’d never be so dumb to do that.”
“Well it’s either us or our main buyer. We’ve had a partnership with them for years. But you, you’re pretty damn green. I never liked the idea of a middleman but I don’t know business, so I keep my mouth shut.”
“Keep trusting those instincts.”
He laughed. “What wit you have. We’ll see how clever you are with my fist down your throat.”
“How have I been skimming? How much? When did you come to this conclusion?”
“The numbers don’t lie. Started a couple months back.”
“Like I said, check with your buyer. Your boss probably negotiated new terms with them.”
“No, nothing like that. Don’t take a genius to see it. It’s all over your weasel face.”
“Where do you get off? You don’t even keep your books straight enough to go accusing me you hillbilly prick—”
The bushy bearded man drew a pistol and fired two rounds clean into his chest. I gasped. Goddamn it, I gasped. My foot moved, shuffling over some branches while the gun blast had filtered out into the woods. 
I froze. They had heard me. 
The man turned and charged toward me, and the other “middleman” pulled a gun from his hip and fired clean into his back. He fell to the ground face-first, eyes staring up at me, face cringed and fearful.
The other Sinclair man drew his gun and popped a loud shot, hitting the middleman in the shoulder. He fell to the ground and dropped his gun. The Sinclair man charged ahead and kicked the gun away. 
He stood atop the middleman, gun pointing down at him.
I didn’t think. I couldn’t think. 
I took two steps, pointed, and fired. 
He folded to the ground. I wanted to hide in the bush. The man with the shoulder wound grabbed his gun, rose to his feet, and shot the man I had hit in the chest, then through the back of his head. He turned and vomited. 
“Come out!” he yelled. I remained hidden.
“I’m not scared of you! You gonna shoot me too?! Huh! Go ahead! Come on!”
Everything was dizzy. Had I just shot a man? Killed a man? 
There was a groan from the bush and then gunfire rang out once more. I dove to the ground for cover as did the man, jumping behind his car. 
The thick-bearded man was still alive, hiding in the bush. I had to trust the guy that saved me, and I hoped he’d trust me. 
“I’m coming over. Don’t shoot me. Give me some cover,” I said.
I crawled out into the open as quickly as I could as he fired off two blasts toward the bush. He leaned up against his car and looked at me, then at my gun slung around my shoulder. He glanced back to where I had crawled from and saw my crutches. It clicked, and he recognized me.
I crept over to his side of the car and knelt next to him. 
“What the hell are you doing out here?” he asked me.
“Chicken hunting.”
“Bullshit.”
Bullets rang out, shattering glass, and we ducked lower. 
“How in the fuck do you get around in this bush on your crutches?” 
“Just did. Horse helped me with a shortcut.”
The man’s face was green, sweat dripping down his brow. I was glad to see I wasn’t the only one that was terrified. 
“I need to take care of this prick. Just put your gun over and give me two blasts straight ahead like that.” He guided the barrel of my shotgun in the right direction. “And I’ll run around him, get him from the bushes.”
“You can’t—I—You killed that man.”
“It’s them or us right now. And I didn’t kill that man. We killed that man.” He didn’t mean it to be hurtful; he was as frightened as I was. “Ready?” he asked. I nodded. “Three, two, —” I fired. Pumped. Fired again. He was off to the races. 
I scooted to the front of the car to try and get a glance at the action. My throat was burning, hands tight around the gun. For a second, my trusty shotgun felt foreign to me, like I’d never held it before. 
I heard movement and fired once more for distraction. Leaves, snow crunching, cursing. Then another gunshot. I jumped just in time to stop and jolt again from a second gunshot. You’d think the cavalry would have come in hot, but there was no cavalry. We were in the middle of nowhere.
“It’s done,” he called out. 
My stomach turned, and I paid too much attention to it. I stood up, knees wobbly, and I pressed down on my casted ankle and didn’t even notice the pain that was surely shooting up my leg. I saw the man’s vomit, orange with chunks of chicken steaming. I bent and I retched, stomach turning inside out for two big purges.
He staggered up, swallowing air in gulps. After a moment, his face seemed gone, washed away. “Help me. Grab the feet, I’ll take the shoulders.”
I couldn’t. No way. “Just—just wait a second.” I closed my eyes, trying to wake up back at home in my bed. I was still there, on Copperhead.
“Kid, let’s just do this quick. Get it over with, then we’ll figure it all out.”
I took out a tin of Copenhagen from my pocket and had a pinch—because that would help the nausea. The man grabbed it from my hand and took a big one as well. We both spit out the flakes.
We hoisted the dead man up and shuffled into the bush. We went deep, away from the road. Then we collected the second dead man—the bearded one—and we set him next to the other. 
“I’ve got a shovel. We’ll take turns.”
“What?”
“Can’t leave ‘em to rot out in the open.”
The ground was still too hard, too frozen, as I’d suspected. Rational thoughts weren’t within reach for neither of us.
“We cover them with branches and leaves and any fuckin’ thing we can get our hands on. Hopefully the wolves or ‘yotes find them before the Sinclairs.”
And so we did. It was a shit job, but there wasn’t really room for a good job. We went back to the car. Our doors slammed and there were only the birds chirping, and even that was far and few between. Neither one of us wanted to talk, so we didn’t for about five minutes, which felt like thirty. 
“We should get moving. No sense hanging around here waiting to get got.”
Before I could ask questions, he was out of the car, loading up his trailer with the shine from the other. All of it. Then he went into their car and came out with cash and another pistol. 
“Where is their farm?” I asked.
He looked surprised by my first question.
“Why on earth you wanna know that?” he asked.
“Just tell me. Please.”
He breathed through his nose, tightened his lips. “This road takes you to a dead end. Just fields all around you. Keep walking straight. ‘Bout another six miles you’ll find two large hills and a path down the middle. It’s more worn than the rest of the way there, noticeable tire tracks. Keep on going through and you’re home sweet home. I guess . . . I figured you would have known, considering you made it this far.”
“This road, it’s not on any map I’ve seen.”
“No. It ain’t,” he said. “Who are you?”
“Billy.”
“Richard.”
“Where do they keep the moonshine?”
“How old are you?”
“Almost sixteen.”
“Almost sixteen . . . They’ve been using the tunnels for storage since the prohibition. Only using it for Sinclair’s shine and whiskey now. Still has his following of customers, some purchase and try and resell. The tunnels, they connect to a lot of buildings on Main, right underneath people’s feet. Sinclair’s men use it for other operations.”
“Like what?”
“Jane. Gambling.”
“Jane?”
“Marijuana.”
My face was blank.
“Don’t tell me you’ve never smoked it.”
“Can’t say I have.”
“Trust me. You want nothing to do with them. Why do I keep finding you out here?”
“I just got questions,” I said.
“What kind of questions could be so important you wanna catch a bullet over?”
“Ones that need answering.”
“You need to never come back here. Go to school, finish it, someplace nice. Once you’ve done that, move to the States, British Columbia, whatever.”
“I can’t do that.”
“I’m sorry to hear that.”
I looked outside, down the way where the bodies lay. I shuddered, swallowed too much snuff, spit. “You ever deal with any other moonshining places?”
“No. Just these. Only been in the game for a year now.”
“Some game.”
“It’s been nice knowing you, but I need to get out of here, Billy.”
“Will I see you again?”
“You won’t. I’ll be running.”
“Where?”
“Far away from here as I can,” he said. “I really do gotta go kid. You gonna take their wagon?”
“No, got my horse tied up about four miles out. I gotta go too.” I needed to hustle my way back for a late supper or else Martha would be worried. Mountie would have to kick it into high gear.
“Can I drive you to your horse?”
“No, still gotta trek some bush.”
“Well, all right then.” He looked me dead straight in the eyes. “Thanks for saving my life, I s’pose.”
“Thanks for saving mine.”
We rode hard and fast. My leg bumped along Mountie’s side, causing me grief. It was a friendly reminder that my ankle was still broken.
We rarely slowed up, keeping a pace that would get me home before my plate was completely cold. The temperature of my food would decide my punishment.

 
 

  





19

I don’t know how you could say you are a bad writer. You make me sound—what’s the word—illiterate. I would tell you again that I am bad at this, but maybe we should both just give ourselves some credit. My father taught me to read and write and I think he did a half-decent job. I guess I haven’t told you about him yet. I won’t get into it as it’s something that would be better in person, but as you’ve probably figured, Peter is not my father. I’m surprised we haven’t talked about it yet. Anyways, he has been good to me though, gave me a fair shake.
I was delighted to hear that you sing, even if it is just in your bath with the water running loud enough to cover your voice. You shouldn’t have to cover nothing though. I’m sure your voice is beautiful. You are beautiful. I promised myself I wouldn’t erase everything I wrote this time, even if it sounds dumb. Whatever this dumb brain of mine thinks up is going straight to you without any cutting it out. But anyways, keep singing, don’t stop. And next time I see you, I will bug you pretty hard about singing for me. I’d love to hear you. But if you don’t want to that’s okay, don’t feel you have to.
It’s real lousy not seeing you. I hope you’re still eating lots to help your muscles stay with you. I know I mentioned this in my first letter, but you moved nicely when we danced at the club. You’re very strong on your two feet! And graceful, that’s for sure. We’ve just begun in the fields. Today was the first day we laid some seed down. It’s sure different from my past life. I mean, machine instead of horses. I love driving the tractor, and it’s nice that Mountie has more energy for fun rather than work. I don’t know if Peter likes his work, but he sure goes hard. It’s difficult to keep up sometimes, but I manage. 
I can hardly wait for seeding to be over. As soon as we drop the last of it into the soil, I can come into town. I guess timing couldn’t be better with you getting out of school for the summer. I hope you did well on your English exam. I’m sure you did, you’re very smart. I can picture you in a fancy college after you graduate.
I’ve had some ideas on what we could maybe do next time we meet . . .

I’d like to say how well spring went, how Mother Nature cooperated. How we had no major breakdowns. How Peter and I got along just fine, and he even got me a snazzy looking watch for my birthday—well, from both him and Martha, of course. How we hardly missed a day from too much rain and that none of the seed ever got washed away, not once. How Ilene and I wrote non-stop and she even drove out to see me once against her parent’s wishes and she got in quite some trouble for that —and that everything was going so well out here that Peter didn’t even say a word about it.
But it didn’t go “well.” Because I had a secret. I’d killed a man. And the fear of knowing that a group of Sinclair men could show up in our drive and open fire on Martha and Peter, well that was eating me alive. Worse yet, I was even more fearful about a feeling brewing in my guts. That feeling was revenge, and it was also in my heart. Clayton, Sinclair himself, maybe all of them, however many there were. What started as a small something in the back of my mind turned into a force that controlled my every thought.
Ilene. Before, there was nothing else I wanted more than to be with her. But now, it wasn’t so clear.
After a long day, Peter and I each had a beer. It was damn good, so we had another.

***

Richard.
He had not been one to take a bride, and he was glad he hadn’t. If he had, she’d either be in the car with him, running for the rest of their lives, or she’d be six feet under. He left the province immediately and found himself in a bar on the outskirts of Calgary, Alberta. It was a real dive, hole-in-the-wall dump. But he’d heard about the Calgary Stampede that was happening in a couple weeks and figured he’d maybe stick around, prolong his ”vacation” a little more. His plan, though it wasn’t much of a plan, was to find his way into BC, figure out an occupation once he was there. He wasn’t one for building anything with his hands and sure as hell was no farmer or lumberjack. Perhaps he’d get back into the banking system, though it did not excite him all that much. Beggars can’t be choosers, and neither can those eluding death.
The bar was dim, populated with only a few drunks that were ready for bed. Richard picked away at some peanuts on the bar top and chased them down with his pint of beer. Two other men entered. He didn’t think anything of it at first, but as soon as they sat on either side of him, he knew.
“Chuck wagons or bulls?” Richard asked.
Both fellas had weary eyes, likely tired from long travel. They were as dirty and worn as Richard was. They didn’t dignify his question with a response. Instead, they each ordered a double whiskey. 
“Funny. I figured you boys for the cowboy type. Traveling from show to show across this wonderful native land,” Richard said dryly, to which he received no reply. “Cheers to that.” He took a long gulp from his beer.
They sipped their whiskeys and stared dead ahead into a long mirror that ran along behind the bottles of booze. In looking at their own reflection, they didn’t reposition their stares.
Richard placed his money on the table and looked down at the last of his drink. “Well, the sun don’t rise without the roosters roar. Gentleman, best of luck.”
A large paw of a hand squeezed his shoulder. Richard swung, broke his hand on a head that was too damn thick. He was struck from the back side and several more times. It didn’t take long for him to stop fighting back. There was no situation in which he came out of that bar alone. The Sinclairs had him now. He hadn’t expected it at this point, figured he’d traveled far enough, wondered why they hadn’t tagged him sooner. It didn’t much matter. It would be a long trip back home.
***
Jeremy leaned up against the back of the distillery shed in the back, looking out at the stars. Music and the laughter of drunken men continued to burst out from the shop next door. It was where the employees would blow off steam, but he didn’t like it there. The men, they’d make him do things. Things he wasn’t proud of. 
There was a space between the backs of the sheds and the field. That space was mostly filled with scraps of wood and metal, all rusted out. It was all useless junk that needed to be cleaned out.
There were more roars of laughter from inside, hints of anger blended within. The door slammed and there was a ruckus coming closer. Jeremy slid from the dark place into an even darker one along the edge of the building. Two men appeared around the back of the shop, grabbing hold of two women who were whimpering, one crying more than the other. 
The one scratched, clawed, and cursed until the man’s hand—Stevey maybe—met her face heavily. Belt buckles jangled and pants dropped to the cold ground. The man hollered, “Shut up bitch!” It was Stevey. 
Violent thrusts and cries began, and Jeremy turned the corner, entered the distillery shed from the front, and slid the doors shut again. 
A few seconds later, he yelled, “Get back here bitch!” The woman came through the doors to find Jeremy standing there, slack-jawed.
“It’s okay,” he said. “I won’t hurt you.”
She stood there trembling, hands crossed in one another, her underwear hanging around her left ankle, tears storming her face. 
“Would you like to hide?” he asked.
She huffed in air and nodded. 
Jeremy placed her in the back corner behind the still. He covered her with a tarp. 
Stevey entered out of breath, his belt still undone, potbelly hanging over loosely. Jeremy stood directly in the middle of the shed, waiting to be spoken to first. 
“What are you doing in here you little peckerhead?”
“Just cleaning up.”
Stevey’s smile was drunk. He rolled up his sleeves further than they already were. “See a nice slice of pussy around?”
“I wish.”
He laughed and shook his head. “You sure? I think I smell pussy in here somewhere.”
“I'm su—sure, Stevey. Nobody in here except me.”
Stevey stepped up to him and stroked his belly, his bloodshot eyes piercing through Jeremy. There was grease on his cheek and hair spiking out from his nostrils. He kept on, nearing where she was hidden. 
“Hey, Stevey,” Jeremy blurted. Stevey turned. “Would it be all right if I joined yous in there?”
“Fuck no. Ain't got room for dipshit kiddies.” 
Stevey grabbed a wrench and slammed it loudly against the workbench and yelled, “Where is she?” He tapped the wrench along the bench playfully. “Here kitty, kitty.”
The woman whimpered too loudly and he heard and smiled, eyes as drunk as his lips. “There’s my bitch.”
He reached in and pulled the tarp off. She screamed and tried to get away, but he pulled her up by her hair. “I wasn’t finished yet. Not a very proper whore, are you?”
Jeremy picked up a spade and didn’t stop himself. For once in his life, he’d made a decision without hesitation. He struck Stevey in the back of the head with the flat of the spade. He released the girl and she ran around him. He was stunned, trying to gather his wits, and Jeremy swung again, folding Stevey’s nose to his lips like a squished tomato. Stevey staggered and fell to the ground.
Jeremy wasn’t done there. 
The flat of the spade was no longer being used. The pointed part was though. He stabbed over and over, Stevey’s skin folding open and bursting. Blood was everywhere. Strange wheezing noises came from the holes he had made, like a butchered job of a jack-‘o-lantern. By the time Jeremy’s arms tired, Stevey’s face was not a face.
Jeremy turned to the woman who had watched the whole thing without making a sound. Or maybe she had. But she was strong; the tears had gone. She spit at his feet and forced out an awkward sob that sounded like a laugh at first, but it wasn’t. “Help me carry him,” she said. 
They found a wheelbarrow inside and hoisted him in. “How did you get here?” he asked. 
“Car. Our bossman always gives us a car to take out here.”
“You should go. I wouldn’t wait too long for your friend. Don’t go back for her.”
She struggled with the idea.
“Please. Just go,” he urged.
Jeremy wheeled out and she left for her car across the gravel path that led to the house. Stevey’s feet bounced over potholes, jangling over the edge of the barrow. Jeremy took him around the field near a tree line and dropped him off there. His back was sticky with sweat. It seemed like he had lost time, maybe blacked out. His breath fogged and lifted and his heart sank.

 




















20

Mason Sinclair layered his comb evenly with pomade and ran it through his thick black hair. He pulled it all over to one side from the part. He shit, shaved, and brushed his teeth, ready for another day of troubleshooting incompetence.
In his kitchen sat a man who had previously shown up unannounced. A businessman. 
“Well I’ll be . . . Mr. Johnson,” said Mason. “Everything all right?”
He’d been a customer since they’d been in business. Such a good customer, in fact, that they had been well-acquainted, unlike most of the others. He didn’t like the common folk seeing his face and his operation. His authority was better served behind a curtain. 
“Everything is just fine,” he said, adjusting nervously in his chair.
“Looks like you need to tell me something. Is it one of those bad news, good news scenarios?”
“Nothing like that. I’ve just been mulling something over for quite some time.”
“Don’t hold back on my account. Candor is the only language I speak, Mr. Johnson.”
Some tension released from his shoulders and a comfortable smile rested on his lips. “Well, I wanted to make a proposal of sorts. I think I can help your business grow after the unfortunate end to the prohibition. Your profits have been cut in more than half, I’m assuming, so I figured I’d assist in increasing volume of sales.”
“Help my business . . . all right, and your plan is?” Mason turned feverish, vicious even, and it was all masked with a neighborly smile.
“I mean no disrespect. I just feel that with my assistance we can reach substantially more customers. I have many connections in the surrounding communities. There’s no doubt that word of mouth has carried in regards to the quality of your products. But I could carry it farther. I think I could really help you expand the business, sir.”
“Right. Right. Well, Mr. Johnson that sounds very interesting. Frankly, I'm surprised you drove out to my home and business without authorization.”
“Yes, I'm sorry, sir. I meant no disrespect. I—”
“Well of course. I know you mean no . . . disrespect. So, what is it you're proposing to me? You want to distribute my product? Be my man of contact? Customer relations, is that it, Mr. Johnson?”
“Yes, sir. I do feel that given the new laws, you could benefit from my assistance. Certainly improve your current business situation with expansion. There’s plenty of unmarked territory. Believe me, there’s still a market for authentic shine. That is a simple fact. I’ve polled enough areas to know.”
“Polled.” Mason smirked and played with the kitchen table, wobbling the leg side to side. The unevenness had been bugging him for weeks. “Improve . . .” he muttered under his breath. “I’ve gotta fix this thing before it drives me to ruins. Mr. Johnson, thank you for your inquiry. I think we are all set for now, but I will notify you if anything changes. Change should and will always be considered. The moment it isn’t, a business is left in the dust.”
Johnson remained seated. He stunk of desperation.
“Please do give it some thought. I must be frank, I’m in close ties with another outfit along the Alberta border. Remote, bigger, smooth op, desired recipe in those parts. They’ve made an offer, which is why I wanted to come to you first given the strength of our relationship. And I’m better suited in this area as far as my connections go. As you would expect, those connection run deep within the authorities, for shipping and otherwise.” The more he spoke, the more confident he got. “I’m not in no desperate rush. How about I give you two weeks to reach a decision. If you’re interested in moving forward, we can work on a fair deal. I’m not looking to swindle you, Mason.”
Mason subtly cringed from being disrespected by the use of his first name. 
The fool continued on, “Of course if we were to reach an agreement, I’d start small to make sure you were comfortable. You could introduce me to some important clients. I’ll get started with a few I’ve got in the bag already and—”
The confidence of Mr. Johnson disappeared when Mason put a bullet between his eyes.
Smoke from the blast lifted, and Johnson’s eyes were stuck in a widened position. A stream of blood leaked down, and his head fell forward, the weight of his body taking him to the floor.
Mr. Johnson’s muscle/driver had been standing by the door, pretending not to listen. He was now stiffened from shock. They shared a look, but nothing too obvious to upset Mr. Sinclair any further. 
Mason was calm. Disappointed, but calm. “Respect. It’s lost on some people . . . That will be all,” Mason said to Johnson’s driver.
He turned and exited without word. Two of Mason’s men stood behind him in the kitchen. “You boys clean this mess up. I got other business that needs tending to. Gracias.”
Mason got up and tucked his pistol back in his holster. He headed upstairs toward the attic. 
***
The dust was thick up there. Richard’s throat was so dry. One tall glass of cold water would’ve been heaven before his death and hopeful acceptance into heaven. He watched a spider move slowly down its web. The two thugs that he shared travels with looked through some old boxes, looking like bored children.
A gun blast rang out and Richard nearly sprung out of his chair, despite being tied down.
Footsteps sounded below. Then a creak and the floor gave way. Mason Sinclair climbed up the stairs and entered the attic hunched over. He looked dapper, youthful, like a movie star or a fancy lawyer-type. 
He glared at Richard and exhaled. Then he clapped his hands together with a smile. 
“How could a day seem so long at such an early time?” he said, shaking his head. “Good lord.”
“I only ask one thing . . .” Richard’s lip trembled, but he forced a sly laugh at his own pitifulness. He cleared his throat. “I ask that you use a bullet. I’m petrified of being cut.”
Mason’s lips protruded in a sign of fair consideration. He squeaked his tongue against his teeth. “Skimming. Murder. Running,” he said. “Were you surprised we caught up with you?”
“Not in the slightest.”
“That’s good to hear, honestly. ‘Cause it seems to me that people just aren’t understanding how many ears we have around these parts. Among other parts . . .”
“I never doubted that.”
“Why take the risk?”
“There was no risk. Wasn’t skimmin’. Must have been one of your own.”
“You sure had no problem killing my men after the accusation was made.”
“That wasn’t me, sir. I swear it.” Richard spoke smoothly. “We were ambushed.”
“Am I smelling a fictional spin, Richard?”
“None at all.”
“Who ambushed you?”
He didn’t like doing it, but he sure didn’t hesitate either. His mind had been made up before they left Calgary. “He was just a kid. Billy was the name. Said he had something against you. Emptied out all the cash he could get his paws on, along the shipment. He looked like just a boy, but he acted. . . No remorse with the killing. They weren’t expecting it.”
“So there was nothing you could do about all this then, is that right?”
“I should have come to you right after it happened. But I don’t know if that would have played out in my favor. Figured I’d give myself a chance.”
Mason did a dancing spin, his shiny black shoes sliding on the floorboard, dust rising into the air, the sunlight illuminating the particles. “Never a dull moment.”
“Would you do it in the head?” said Richard, his eyes getting misty. “I don’t want it in the guts.”
“This kid got a last name?”
“He wouldn’t tell me.”
Mason chuckled and patted his stomach. “Fancy some breakfast?”
“Sir?”
“Sinclair. You can even drop the Mister.”
Richard looked dumbfounded, maybe fearful of a quick rouse before his torturous death. The ropes tightened around his wrists that were confined behind his back. 
“You ever see this chum in town?”
“Two times. Well, the one was interesting. Found him on our route half frozen to death. We saw a child, so we took him into town to the hospital. Healed up fine. They put a cast on his broken leg. But when I got thinkin’, I was certain I had seen him in town once before then at a bar.”
“At a bar! This is all very crazy,” he said. “That settles it then. You now work for Sinclair Industries full-time.” 
“Al—All right.”
“What’d you do before—being an entrepreneur?”
“I worked at the bank.”
“Money man. Go figure. That’s good, I like money men. They’re motivated.” He loosened his tie. “Good news. I’m not killing you today. Bad news. Part of your job involves search and monitor of this Billy character. I’m still down two men and cash. That will not slide to the wayside. You see him with anyone in town?”
He had. What was one more step? “She wouldn’t be hurt, would she?”
“She?! Do tell.”
“A cripple girl. Her daddy runs the big construction outfit in town.”
“Blakely. The plot, it thickens.”
“She won’t be hurt?”
“Of course not. Right then! Breakfast! I need a break anyhow. Untie the man,” he said to his thick-headed bodyguards. The bigger one had a shiner from a punch Richard had delivered. 
He followed Sinclair down into the kitchen and watched as he grabbed a fry pan, butter, and some eggs. He also pulled out half a loaf of bread. “Sunnyside?”
“That’d be great.”
A man opened the door and he looked troubled. He was a funny-looking fellow with bad teeth. 
“What now?” Sinclair slammed the pan. 
“I’m sorry, but we got a situation.”
“What?”
“It’s Stevey. Someone killed him. Dumped him out back.”
“Get the eggs started, will you?” he said to Richard.
***
The men were all circled around outside the distillery shed. Mason broke through the pack to discover a horrid sight. Stevey’s face was so mangled, opened flaps and exposed cheekbones among all the blood. He smelled like shit. 
“What’s the matter with all of you? Back away!”
Everyone shuffled away, their attention now on Mason. 
He looked over to the edge of the shed and saw Jeremy sitting on the ground, two others—Jake and Beanie—appearing to hold him captive there. 
“What’s this?”
Hank, Stevey’s best friend, stepped away from the pack, scowling at Jeremy. “It was this little shit for brains. He killed Stevey!”
Jeremy looked down at the ground shaking his head, tears in his eyes.
“And how did you come to that conclusion?”
“He was the only one over here last night. The rest of us were in the shop playing cards. Isn’t that right fellas?” The crowd murmured unemphatically.
“Have we heard what Jeremy has to say about all this?” Clayton was off to the side, his eyes flared in either disgust or defense of Jeremy. After all, the kid was his protégé. 
“Nothin’. The kid won’t say nothin’. I say we smoke him,” snapped Hank.
Mason laughed hysterically, a wheeze at the tail end. “Smoke him! Smoke him good!” he mocked. Mason knelt down in front of Jeremy and waited for his head to lift. Finally, it did. 
“You kill this man?”
“No, sir. I was asleep inside. On my cot.”
“You wouldn’t lie to me?”
“Never.”
Mason winked, making sure nobody else saw. He rose to his feet and ensured that his shirt was still tucked in neatly. “You heard the man. It wasn’t him. And lucky for you clog of fools, I know who did.”
Hank’s ears were almost violet. “Like hell! It was Jeremy! Get the hanging post ready!”
Mason slow stepped softly to face Hank. A quick jab slipped straight from Mason’s shoulder, his knuckles landing directly on Hank’s windpipe.” He crumbled and gasped, desperate to draw air. Mason wasn’t told what to do. There was only one man that told him what to do, and he was six feet under the ground. 
“Anyone head for the hanging post, feel free to set the noose around your own neck, I’ll be over in a minute.” He straightened his tie. “Now! If you’ll allow me to speak! We have a renegade on our hands. The criminal who robbed us and shot down our boys. He’s young, but he’s not to be underestimated. The name is Billy. That’s all we have so far. But I’ll have eyes on him soon. Meanwhile, he has our location obviously, and presumably he tracks well in the bush. I need everyone on the lookout! We protect our own here, and the only person capable of taking this place from us is the devil himself. Is this all clear?”
Mason rotated slowly, a full circle, eying up all his men. There were a couple of coughs in the crowd, and then one threw up. It had been a long night of partying and he could see it all on their tired faces. “It seems as though I’ve been running some sort of brothel! You don’t think I hear the skirt running in and out of here at all hours of the day and night? You think whores don’t talk? Seems to me you’ve all been helping yourselves to a lot of the product too. Up all night for laughs and good times, is that it?” He took a breath and spit. “Don’t make me do something drastic. Like make an example out of someone. I just got my suits cleaned . . .” Every single man was terrified. 
“Back to work!” They all scattered. Jeremy remained sitting on his keister; Hank wouldn’t budge. 
“Hank, get the fuck out of my sight.”
Hank’s nose scrunched, his pride so badly wanting to persist, but he gave way and left them alone. 
“Stand up,” he ordered Jeremy. Clayton hung around, pretending to be busy collecting something spilled on the ground. 
“You got something you need to say to me, Jeremy?”
“No, sir.”
“Listen, I’m your friend out here. I know it don’t seem like it some of the time, but it’s true. I’ve got your backside. You can trust me.” Mason put his hand on the boy’s shoulder and leaned in close. “I know you saw Stevey last night, doesn’t take no Einstein to see that.”
Jeremy started to shake his head no, but it quickly turned to a yes nod. 
“I know. Look at me.” 
Jeremy obeyed, his eyes red, nose leaking. 
“You wanna tell me what happened? The answer is yes.”
Jeremy inhaled shakily. “He was with a woman. Him and—Hank.” He made sure to whisper Hank’s name.
“Ah, I see . . . and these women weren’t having much fun I’m guessing?”
Jeremy nodded and quickly wiped away a tear that had gotten away on him. 
“Then what happened?” asked Mason.
“The one girl got away. Came in here. I helped her hide.”
“Nothing worse than a woman being disrespected.”
“I hid her.”
“’Course you did. You’re a good man,” said Mason. 
“Then he found her and I—I . . .”
“You killed him with that spade over there? Tried to clean it up? Wheeled him out into the field?”
Jeremy didn’t say a word, just looked back down at the ground. 
“Good,” said Mason. 
“What?”
“Stevey was a piece of shit. I don’t have room on my roster for men like that. Hank’s leash is so short that I’ll make sure he’s choking ‘round the clock. If he or anyone else gives you any trouble, you just let me know. You can knock on my door at any hour of the night.”
“You’re not going to kill me?” Mason could see that he was truly expecting it. 
“Why would I do such an unjust thing?” he said. “Good men like you are the future of this place. I hope you know that. Well, at least you do now.”
“Thank you.”
Mason felt guilty. The boy had been in his operation for too long, and he didn’t know the kid one bit. Not really. In that moment, he realized that he had to be better. Busy and hard work doesn’t always equate success. Not if your own staff doesn’t respect and trust you.  “I haven’t been . . . Okay then. Go make yourself useful. And make yourself available tonight at nine. I want you to show me everything Clayton taught you about running a still. Each step. I’ve learned a few tricks along the way. Better pass them along to my most promising employees.”
“Sounds good.”
“Sure does.” Mason slapped him on the shoulder. “Sure does.”
Mason walked back to the house and spotted Clayton doing sweet fuck all. “Clayton!” 
“Yeah?” 
Mason made sure he was as close as he could get while being able to stand Clayton’s vile scent. “You don’t know any Billy, do you?”
“No, sir. Don’t know no Billy. But we’ll get him.”
Lie or truth?

















21

The fair was in town and soon I’d be too.
I hadn’t seen Ilene in two months. We hadn’t written in a little while and I was worried that her parents had convinced her that I wasn’t worth the time of day. Maybe I wasn’t. 
Spring went off without a hitch. Peter placed more responsibility in my hands this year. He had given me quite a tongue-lashing when he discovered I was sowing too thick and deep in the beginning. I was supposed to be doing an inch and a half at the most, but I was near three off the start. It was forgiven quicker than mistakes in past years. I’m thinking that was likely due to the conditions that kept him optimistic. As soon as it was warm enough, we were putting seed down. From there, the sunlight blessed us, the rain fell in light showers after the roots held firm. Peter said things looked fine but not to get too excited. I was tired and nervous and unable to sleep most nights. I thought that my nerves were shaken due to the idea of a storm coming and washing away our hard work. There was a storm coming, and it was inside of me.
That day, when the man by the name of Richard told me where they operated out of, I followed those instructions with Mountie. I made it to those hills and I used my scope to see. And I saw everything. I saw him. Clayton.
A decision loomed, and I had to visit her one more time before I made it.
I took a pinch of Copenhagen. When I drifted off for the second time, I pictured shooting that man from the bush in his chest. It was vivid, his blood brighter than what it had actually been. I had drawn a weapon on a man and shot from in hiding like a coward. I was a weasel. I had dropped him to the ground and heard the wheeze of his ragged breaths before the second shot rang out.
Martha granted me privacy this time and I took Mountie with the buggy by myself. I had given her a scare twice now, but she still didn’t refuse me. The trip in was more enjoyable than the past two, given that it was a gorgeous summer day, birds singing for me along the way. I received waves from folks in cars and others out on the farm yards, doing some front porch sitting. One father and his two older sons were throwing the baseball around in a triangle. They threw pretty hard. Perhaps they’d make the pro ranks.
Town came into sight and I could see and hear all the makings of fun and games.
I pulled into a shaded area for Mountie and left the pail of water.
Ilene was there waiting for me. I walked over with a limp, putting most of the pressure on my right foot. It had healed nicely in the cast, but I was still getting used to using it. It needed time and limited mobility, the doctor had said. 
Ilene lightly clapped her hands together as I approached. “You’re walking just fine.”
“It’ll be as good as new in no time.” I hugged her and kissed her on the cheek.
“I missed you,” I said. 
“I missed you too.”
There was a lot of noise going on behind her, inside the fence. Behind us was a pair of old women smiling wide. I paid them a dollar for the two of us, and we walked in.
There were all kinds of sounds—various bings and bongs—and the Ferris wheel was as high as I’d imagined it in my head. Soon I could smell hamburgers and cinnamon buns. My stomach gurgled, and I asked if she was hungry. She was never hungry, but she said she’d have whatever I was having.
We were both too scared to ride the Ferris wheel but we rode it anyhow. I was beginning to realize one of the great things about Ilene and me. We did new things together. She made me braver than I was, and I liked to think I had the same effect on her. The line wasn’t long at all because of another ride at the other end causing people to scream and vomit. So we didn’t get off. We stayed on time after time, talking about our books, what she was learning in school, what she wanted to do after. Answer was nurse. She wanted to look after people, the way she was looked after from her disease. I thought it was a perfect idea.
I had cotton candy for the first time. It was the strangest thing the way it melted away in my mouth. I didn’t know what to think, but I kept eating it. Ilene laughed at me.
Then there was this crazy demon of a thing dressed in bright colors like a rainbow, laughing and tooting his horn, spraying water at us as we walked by. Apparently, it was a clown. I didn’t know. She saw my initial reaction and shined brightly. I would gladly be at her amusement anytime. 
We went for a walk and got ice cream. She had strawberry and I had cookie dough with chunks of fudge in it as well from the shop next door. We walked out of town and into the country, away from the noise. 
“I think we should dance again. I don’t want you to get rusty.”
“But there’s no music,” she said through a laugh.
“You’ll have to sing for me then.”
“No. I would never.”
“Never? That’s a long time,” I said.
“I’m no good.”
“I bet that’s not true.”
I bent my knees and put my hands on her waist and she begrudgingly rested her hands on my shoulders.
“Someday I’ll get you to sing for me.”
Her face reddened, and she stepped in closer, resting her head on my chest. “You’ll never let it go, will you?”
“I won’t.”
She stepped back from me, scrubbed her hands together, and laughed softly while shaking her head. 
To my surprise, she began to sing.
Although it was a sad one, I was grateful that song had made it from the southern States to the prairies. She sung it so beautifully. 
We left the rest of our ice cream for the stray dogs and cats. We walked back into town to have another go at the Ferris wheel.
***
Police Chief Francis Mills sat next to an empty clink, staring out his window at the people walking by. It was two o’ clock and he was about twenty ounces deep. He was a little ahead of the curve, but it’d average out and place him half-seas over. 
Mills always had extra change in his pocket, and he ruled his kingdom with a club and a bottle. Of course, that rang truer a couple years ago when business was rolling along and Sinclair’s needed him more than ever. Now, he wasn’t so sure.
He had built a small fortune protecting the laundering, the prostitution, the drugs, the alcohol, the assaults, the murders. He had to. And he stood to make his dollar, so why not? If it wasn’t him, it was the next in line. And that didn’t necessarily mean he’d go to the back of the line. It most likely meant he’d be in the ground without a soul to remember the name Mills.
No father, no mother (worth mentioning), no wife, no children; just a brother that was long gone, never to return. But it was his town. It had been a while since he reminded folks of that. The tides of a town’s economy can turn, but he was still there, in charge, his billy club starting to tremor, his hand itching. 
The sound of that dreadful fair was driving his drinking to a faster pace. Soon he wouldn’t remember, soon he’d want to go outside, where anything could damn well happen. Just then, listening to a comedy sketch on the radio, a chuckle here, a chuckle there, he noticed someone outside. A young man that looked awfully familiar. He jolted out of his chair and almost fell back on his ass. He clamped onto the frame of his window and stretched his eyes wide to block out the leaking blurriness bleeding in from the outside. 
That boy belonged to Frank Bronson. 
He was holding hands with Bruce Blakely’s daughter, the crippled up little thing. He didn’t care much for Blakely. A real know-it-all, sticking his nose where it didn’t belong. He almost got too close on more than one occasion. Fact was, Blakely hated Mills, but if it weren’t for Mills’ timely protest to Mason Sinclair, he’d be in a whole world of trouble, his family too. You can’t put up a few buildings and think you’re calling the shots. They weren’t his to call, never would be. 
That was neither here nor there. The kid, Frank Bronson’s boy, was presumed to be dead.
***
We spent another hour at the fair, making sure we got our money’s worth. Then we went to a farmers’ market and I bought some crab apples, berries, and picked up some spices that Martha had requested. She was getting sick of not having a crab apple tree. Maybe she’d plant one for next year. 
I had to be back home by seven. Martha would leave me a plate. I didn’t want the day to end. Mountie took us in the buggy down Nicholson. We arrived at her house too soon. 
I leaned in close, hoping to finally kiss her, and was interrupted by her father yelling. He looked more furious than last time I’d seen him. 
He rushed up to us with steam blasting from his ears. “Ilene. Out.”
He lifted her out of the buggy and her eyes burned with hate. Mr. Blakely looked me square in the eyes. “Stay away from my daughter.”
“Can I ask why?”
“You shouldn’t have to.” He turned to Ilene, who was crying. “Go on inside, your mother’s been worried sick. You lied to her.”
“Let me say goodbye—”
“No! Inside, now.” Her voice cracked as she muttered something I couldn’t hear. She stammered another series of broken words.
“Ilene, please!” he yelled. She turned and walked down the stone path to her steps and then she was gone. 
He looked at me, less menacing. “Just please. You go live your life. Leave her be.” He turned to leave.
That wasn’t good enough, though. He couldn’t get away with that without telling me more. “Mr. Blakely. A word.”
“What do you want?” he asked, defeated and tired before an argument commenced.
“Your daughter. Is that so wrong?”
He looked up and down the street, then removed his hat and leaned into the carriage. “She deserves better.”
“Better than someone that cares about her?”
“That’s the problem right there . . .” he said and trailed off. “I don’t need my fifteen-year-old girl running off to a life that won’t be there. You see? I won’t have her dying on some front porch in the middle of nowhere in five, ten years. I can’t have her with some poor farmer, barely able to provide for her. You understand that, don’t you?”
“Why would she die in five years?” I asked.
“It’s not that she is just a cripple with a bad leg. It’ll all get worse, and then worse yet. The doctors don’t know how long, but it’s not long enough.” 
“Oh . . .”
“I knew of your father.” His mouth looked bitter.
“What do you know?”
“That he was involved in all that racket with the other criminals.”
“That’s not true.”
“Maybe, maybe not. But I won’t take the risk with my girl. No chance.”
It was a lot to process. I understood. He was not angry at me, he was just a sad man.
“What if I worked for you? I’m a quick learner.”
He smiled and did another scope of the neighborhood. It was hot, and I was sweating a great deal now.
“I’m sorry kid, but this is best for you too. It may be hard to see, but it is. You take care now.”
And he was gone before I could get another word in.



Richard watched in the distance, parked around the corner, the moonlight bright.

  





22

No. It was a word she never said to her parents. They made her decisions. But enough was enough. Her mother knocked and entered her room. Ilene was sitting upright in her bed, using her pillows as a backrest. 
“Sweetheart.”
“Mother.”
“We’re just looking out for you.”
“Seems that way.”
“It’s nice to find a good fit. That’s all we’re worried about. There are so many nice boys here in town. Clean boys with nice families. Like the Peterson boy, I’ve mentioned him, haven’t I?”
Only a thousand times.
Her mom sat on the edge of the bed and stroked her hair. “I know he’s not the most—striking. But he comes from a good family. Smart young man too. You’d be a fine pair. But don’t feel you have to be dating at all. You’re so young. We just want you to be happy and safe, dear.”
“When have I not been safe?”
More hair pets, more pitied eyes. She was sick of it. She wanted to live without the burden.
“Oh, Ilene . . . we do what we can as parents. It’s not easy.”
“Isn’t easy for me neither,” she whispered.
Her mother frowned. “I know.”
“Why don’t you ever wear what I buy for you? This thing is ancient.”
Ilene pushed her hand away. “I like it.”
“I’m going to the parlor this coming Thursday. I’ll call back and get you in. Get you spruced up a bit. How does that sound?”
It sounds both insulting and a waste of my time. “Fine.”
“Cheer up, little one. And sit up straight, I know you can.”
“It hurts.”
“I know, but I need you to try.”
“You need me to try a lot of things,” Ilene said. 
“What is that supposed to mean?”
“It doesn’t mean anything.”
“I don’t appreciate the attitude when we’re trying to help you. It’s not ladylike.”
“What does that even mean? How is one ladylike? What defines being a lady, Mother?”
She was taken aback, speechless. “Well…” She started with a huff. “Surely this isn’t an example.” She eyed Ilene up in a way that she must have thought was motherly, but Ilene was just annoyed by it. “I feel like this just comes back to that whole junior college business in Rosthern. It’s just not right. We need you close.”
“No, it’s what just happened minutes ago. Daddy yelling Billy away from our house like he’s a wild animal.”
Her mother blindly ignored it. “We need you close to us and you need us,” she said. “You’ll see that soon enough.”
“Because I’ll be more disabled? Is that it?”
“No! You’re making it something it’s not.”
“Funny, that’s what I was going to say about you.”
Her mother’s face flushed, and she looked down at her apron. “Clearly now is not a good time to chat. Maybe later when you’re in better spirits.”
“Yes, that’s fine by me.”
Her discordant mother left, closing the door behind her.

***
Night fell. She slept. She never left her room in the morning. She didn’t come out for dinner either.
Her mother left on an errand run and her father gave her a kiss goodbye before leaving to help one of the neighbors with their new fence. 
Ilene stood over her father’s set of keys resting in a dish on the kitchen table. She didn’t move for five minutes. A small hour drive and she could be out at Billy’s farm. It wasn’t spring anymore, so Peter shouldn’t mind if she delayed Billy’s workday. Maybe she’d get him somewhere alone? She wished they had kissed. She had spent enough nights over the past year shamefully exploring her body before she could get to sleep. It would be a lot better if she let Billy do the exploring for her. She was scared though, that her frail body would scare him off. That he’d only pity her. 
Ilene took the keys and got into the car in the drive. She started it and backed out. She looped around the opposite direction from where her father was, and she was off. 



Richard followed her from a safe distance. He’d stay off her tail when they were out on country roads. Give her some space so she didn’t suspect anything, not that she would. 
He followed her all the way to Billy’s farm and continued on, watching her get out of her car. 
He proceeded to take the trip to Sinclair’s. They didn’t hesitate to fire up their cars and hit the dusty trail. It had been an hour since she got there, and it would take another hour for them to arrive. It was served up on a platter for Mason Sinclair. He just hoped the boy wouldn’t be killed, though he knew in his gut that he would be. The girl could get caught as collateral yet too, he thought. He pulled a pack of cigarettes from his glove box on his way back to Moose Jaw. At least Sinclair didn’t request him to be present when they took the boy in. That would have been some scene, the look of betrayal on the face of the young man that deserved no such fate. It was all just a matter of decent people being forced into bad situations.



Sheriff Mills stood outside the place where Billy’s old home once stood. But now it was just more field. He took a swig from his bottle of whiskey. It burned good.
***
I had finished a late lunch and just lay down in bed for a quick read of two chapters while I digested. There were some tasks to do outside, but they could easily be spaced out throughout the rest of the afternoon. Fresh water for Mountie and the chickens, shovel some shit, water the garden, finish picking weeds from a quarter nearby. No real particular rush, which was a nice feeling. 
Dorothy sprinted to my bedroom door in response to a knock outside. Martha answered, and I could hear her voice but no other. Seconds later she knocked on my door. “Billy . . . Miss Blakely is here for you.”
I walked outside with awful nerves and she was standing inside the door with Dorothy in her arms, purring and rubbing cheek to cheek with her. 
“Hi.”
“Hi.”
“Why don’t you two go outside. It’s a gorgeous day.”
We walked toward the barn. “Why are you here?” I quickly heard how it sounded and corrected myself. “I’m sorry, I mean how are you here?”
She shook her head in disappointment. “I’m sorry about my parents. They’re just awful.”
“They’re still your parents.”
“I don’t care. I’m sorry my father said those things to you. What did he say when I went inside?”
“That he was worried about you, that’s all. He apologized.”
“He did?”
“Yeah.” Making her hate her father wasn’t going to help anything.
We both sat down on a haystack beside Mountie’s pen. “Do they know you’re here?”
I already knew the answer to that. Of course they didn’t know. She stole her father’s car.
“I don’t care,” she said. “Life’s too short.”
“I’m glad you’re here, but this isn’t going to work if they won’t let it work.”
“Then let’s leave.”
“Leave?”
“We could go anywhere. I’ve got a car.” She smiled and bit her bottom lip nervously. She looked exhausted, more pale than usual.
I leaned in and pressed my lips against hers.
We pulled apart. Her lips curved, and she touched them with her fingers, silent, looking down at the messy barn floor. She cringed, leaned forward, and put her head on my shoulder. “I don’t want to die here. Not in that town,” she whispered.
I stroked her back, feeling each vertebrae of her spine along with the sharpness of her shoulder blades. “Nobody’s dyin’,” I said. 
“I want you to take me somewhere.” Her voice was shaky. “Home doesn’t feel like home. It scares me.”
“Where do you want to go?”
“I don’t know.” Dorothy came charging into the barn and looked up at her with confused yellow eyes. “Something different would be a good start.”
“I don’t know if I can leave here. They count on me.”
“What did they do before you lived with them?”
It was a valid point. They got by all right before. “I’ve never thought about this before.”
“Me neither. Not until . . . well, I guess not until I met you.”
“Is that a bad thing then?” I asked.
“That’s impossible. You and bad don’t fit.”
“The thing is farming is all I’ve ever known. That and fishing and hunting, I s’pose.”
“You could be a fisherman. In Nova Scotia or BC. Wouldn’t living on the coast be like a dream? Smelling the ocean every morning? I could get a job too. I know my parents think I’m not able, but I can work just fine. I could help at a shelter, or in a hospital. I could—”
“Sing. You could sing. Be a big star.”
“Don’t tease.”
“I’m serious. You don’t know how great you are.”
She touched my hand. “I’d be with you here if my parents would allow it, but they won’t.”
“I know . . .” 
Someone pulled into the drive. I thought it was Peter at first. But the man that stepped into the barn was Clayton. He didn’t smile at me like I had expected him to.
There was a man in a fancy suit who walked up ahead toward me, four more rough looking fellas following up behind. I didn’t have a gun on me. “Billy?” he asked calmly.
“Who are they?” asked Ilene. 
“It’s okay,” I said. “Yeah?”
“Mason Sinclair. Pleased to meet you.”
The man who killed my father and the man who ordered the kill were both standing in my barn. 
“Ilene, go out the back way. Go home.”
“What’s going on?” I could see the fear rise; she was no fool. She knew I was trapped deep in something bad. “Just tell me, Billy.”
“Oh, my sweet girl. You don’t wanna know, I’m afraid. Best listen to your boyfriend.”
She grabbed hold of my arm and squeezed. “I’m not leaving.”
“Just for now. I’ll be fine.”
“I don’t believe you.”
“Well if she wants to stay for the show, she can stay for the show!” said Sinclair.
I didn’t see it coming. He struck me with a jab on the nose. Blood ran and my eyes watered. Ilene was right in the mix between us, helping me. “Ilene, just—”
“Get the hell out of here!” she hissed at them.
A gun loaded from behind the crowd of men. Martha and Peter stood with rifles. Peter was trying to block Martha, but she pushed away from him with a gun of her own cocked.
“You’re all trespassing. Best get on with your day,” said Peter. 
We were outnumbered. And everyone I cared about was all under one roof. 
Mason did a full spin and paired it with a queer dance. “Hot damn! Mommy, daddy, and girlfriend. Today’s announcement is simple, and I will not bore you with any details. This boy here is a thief. He robbed a full shipment of product along with cash. Now! Hold your gasps of surprise. The big kicker . . . In the process of the robbery, he managed to kill two of my men. Tossed them in the bush like rag dolls. Isn’t that right, Billy?”
“You’re crazy!” shouted Ilene. 
“I won’t ask again,” said Peter.
The look in his eyes was something I hadn’t seen. And I could see the way Sinclair’s men were reacting. A shootout seemed far too possible. They were all strapped, each one of them. “He’s right. I did it. I’ll go with him.”
“Billy, no!” Martha exclaimed.
I stepped in close to Mason Sinclair. “It’s all right, Martha. They’re taking me into town. To the deputy’s office.” 
I needed Peter and Martha to let me go without a fight. Mason understood and played along. “That’s right. We’ll let the law sort this out. It never fails.”
Ilene refused to believe it. It was all over her face. 
They walked me to the car. “It’s okay, Martha. It’ll all make sense soon.” It was the best I could do. 
Before they could get me into one of their cars, a third vehicle pulled into the drive. He was a sheriff, shiny badge on his hip next to his gun and holster. He staggered when he exited his car. 
The sunlight was shining directly in my eyes, but I was still able to see it. That monster, Clayton, glared at the sheriff with hatred, then at me. If he didn’t know who I was the first time around, he knew now. There was little doubt.
Mason spoke first. “Deputy Chief Mills. What brings you by?”
“Thank God, Deputy, these men are trespassing on our land. They’re threatening our boy here,” said Martha.
He made a strange grunting noise and then leaned over like he was going to be sick. He straightened back up and removed his sunglasses, his wrinkled eyes squinting from the glare. “Unfortunately, ma’am, your son is gonna have to come with me. I’ve got some questions for him. Meanwhile, these men will very politely get the hell off your property.”
He turned to Mason Sinclair. “What are you doing here, Mason?”
Clayton looked about ready to pop. “We’re doing what the hell we want.”
Mills staggered up to Clayton, face to face. Neither budged an inch. “Your breath smells like a sewage rat farted on an open flame. It’s making me sick to my stomach.” Mills turned and spat.
“I think you’re forgetting your place, Mills.”
“That right?”
Clayton fingered the pistol on his side and Mills cracked him square in the ribs with his billy club. 
Clayton coughed on the ground on all fours. 
“You’re right, Clayton. It isn’t my place. And it isn’t yours neither. It’s these folks.”
“Deputy Mills. We were simply trying to eradicate an issue internally without the police’s involvement. Just honest words and a plan to fix what’s been broken,” said Mason.
“Well, I can appreciate that,” Mills answered somewhat sarcastically. “But you ain’t the law. I’m the law. And I could pin you up on obstruction.”
“We don’t want any trouble like that.”
There was a history between these two men. They had done this dance before. I had a bad feeling about what was in store for me, but at least it would keep the only three people in my life safe. 
“You heard the man!” announced Mason Sinclair. “Everyone load up, time to go.”
Peter stepped forward to Mills while they piled in and shot off down the road. “Next time they step foot on my soil I’ll be takin’ each one from a hundred yards out. There will not be any hesitation.”
“I understand you’re upset, but there won’t be any of that. It’s under control.”
“Didn’t feel under control . . . You mind telling us what you’re taking Billy in for?”
“I’m arresting him for theft. Anything else is conjecture of a suspect.”
“I’m coming into town with him then,” said Martha.
“Me too.” Ilene’s voice vibrated.
“I’m sorry ladies, that won’t be possible. First have to process him officially, then a line of questioning.” He looked at his watch. “You’re free to come down tomorrow morning at nine.”
Martha grabbed him by the shoulder and leaned in. “You smell like whiskey and piss.” He didn’t say a word, nor did he remove her hand from his shoulder. “You don’t think I know what goes on in that town you’re supposed to be looking out for? Keep those savages away from my boy.” She turned to me. “I’ll be seeing you at nine tomorrow, Billy.”
“Ilene . . .” There was nothing I could say. “I’m sorry.”
  
  









23

We didn’t share words on the way in to town. I didn’t know if I could trust him, though he did just save my rawhide from the Sinclairs. As quickly as the possibility of death came to light, so did imprisonment.
The building was hardly big enough for one person. His “office” started as soon as the door was opened with a tiny cell at the other end with bars that must have been painted red for some reason. He gave me a little push in and closed the door with a clang. He pulled up a chair and grabbed a bottle that had already been opened from his desk. He moved his chair to face me and plopped in it. He stared at his drink for a while.
“Talk,” he said with a drunken drawl. I couldn’t tell if he was from someplace south or if he was just that drunk. 
“What do you want me to say?” I asked.
“Tell me about the two Sinclair men that were murdered.”
He wasn’t accusing me; in fact, he barely seemed to care. He took a swig of his whiskey and wiped the corner of his mouth. 
He grunted. “Bronson, right?”
“How’d you know that?”
“You belong to Frank Bronson.”
“Not no more. How do you know him?”
“How do you think? His little shining op of course.”
So many questions. “How come you never arrested him?”
He laughed, flecks of boozed spit flying to the side. “Be a little hypocritical. Not to mention redundant.”
Mills walked over to his little window and watched a blue jay pick away at some peanuts in his big bird feeder. “You know what you've done? Starting a war against the Sinclairs is pointless.”
I had to think hard about what I’d say next. I hadn’t exactly started a war, not intentionally anyway. “Someone has to do something. Should be you, shouldn’t it?”
“You bite your tongue. The best action is no action. I’m the only piece keeping everything in order. Look at the position I'm in now. All because of some childlike revenge game.”
“Game? They killed my father.”
There was no surprise on his face. He knew it. 
“Do they know? Do the Sinclairs know who you are?”
“I think the one does; not Mason Sinclair himself though. But the man . . . Clayton. He may choose to tell him soon. Can’t say for sure.”
A big sigh came from Mills. 
“Why do you work for them?” I asked.
“I don’t work for no one! This is my town to run.” 
“I mean . . . Why don’t you arrest them?”
His searing eyes relaxed and rested back on his pet bird. “Why does anyone do anything?”
I stared at him blankly.
“Money and power,” he said. He wasn’t ashamed of it, or at least it didn’t seem that way.
“You gotta break some things to get where you’re goin’,” he said.
“Some things or some people?” I asked.
“Whoever’s first to step on his neighbor gets the gold. I guess that makes me a second-place finisher around here. There’s no shutting down Sinclair.”
He focused back on the bottle and sauntered over to his desk. He opened a cupboard and pulled out a stack of folders. He leaned on the edge of his desk and tapped his billy club on the corner, over and over again. He did this for a minute.
“I’m not asking for you to get involved with this.” What was this? “I’m just asking you to let me go.”
“No chance in hell that is happening.”
“You can arrest me when it's over.” When it’s over . . . I was saying unnerving things. Things I understood but didn’t believe I’d actually do. It’s as if I was no longer in control, like I was walking a path that I was forced down.
“When it's over? When what is over? You're dead and blood is spilled down Main Street.” He narrowed his eyes and crossed his arms. “He’ll feed your two ladies to his men. They’ll be raped twenty times over.”
I paused, tried not to picture them being taken. “Nothing will happen in town.” 
“Says you.”
“I didn’t kill those men. One of his partners did. They thought he betrayed them, stole from them, but he didn’t. He was a decent man. Or I think he was.”
“Let’s say I believe that. Why not state your case and step away from it? Mason Sinclair is a lot of things, and in his own way, he is just. He will listen.”
“Yes. He will listen,” I said. 
“I let you go and I myself stand trial. One that I have no cause to stand.”
“Because they’ve lined your pockets.” I had heard Peter use the term once or twice when talking politics.
“I know nothing about you, boy. So far, I see nothing but a reckless kid. Best I can do is keep you behind these bars. Talk some sense into Mason.”
“You know he's gonna kill me. You know it.”
“I can’t have a war on my hands. Not now, after everything that’s happened. This town is becoming a town again. The people, they don’t like me, they never will, but we’re as close to peace as it gets.”
“They won’t stop. They’ll keep growing, taking what isn’t theirs. You’re gonna let that happen?”
“Times have changed. The only thing that’ll grow is their legitimacy. Besides, I got no choice. Never did.”
He rose, stood still for a moment. He stretched. “I’m famished.”
“I tried,” I said.
“Tried what?”
“Staying away.”
He grabbed hold of the steel bar of my cell. “You should have tried harder.”
“Do you understand what they took from me?” I pinned myself up against the warm steel bars, my voice close to his, breathing in his whiskey fumes. “You take this away from me and you're no better than them. You’re worse.”
Mills played with a ring of keys in his hands. “Yeah . . . I think a hamburger and fries will do the trick.” He dropped his keys at my feet. “Get out of my town.”
***
Mason entered the town of Moose Jaw in a foul mood. The people that knew of him either still purchased his products and reminisced of a time not so long ago when there was a dangerous edge to their lives, a danger they liked, or they painted him as a villain. It was a ridiculous notion. He provided stability to the town, a thankless job that he would have accepted as anonymous, but a villain? There was a stain of disrespect and judgment at every other corner.
He had received what his father bought and built from nothing. When Mason was a young man very capable of being part of the family business, his father had a hundred and sixty acres to keep the shirt on their backs at the best of times, feeling the ups and downs of high and low yields, barely getting ahead. Then his father adapted to the prohibition and cashed in big. But that never changed the fact that there was still work to do out in the fields. 
The devil’s lettuce was grown largely instead of grain. But when the government took back control of the alcohol, Mason bought more land, placed more focus on the wheat, oats, and corn. Now, at over a thousand acres, there was plenty of work to be done, and his men were having troubles wrapping their heads around the more legitimate side of the business. Or was he himself losing that focus too? Their profits were significantly diminished with the shine, but the Mary J was still in high demand, turning nice profits. He had considered stopping shine production and getting a license to brew only whiskey, but he just couldn’t bring himself to do it. There were the costs involved, the lesser margins, and the principle of it all. He’d lose his power.
‘Climb on my back and I’ll take you to work.’ His father had been so relentless. Eighteen-hour days on repeat. He was a machine, and Mason hadn’t realized his own privileges until he was gone. 
Damn it all if he wasn’t going to do right with what he had been given.
The haze of dust cleared as his tires touched concrete. He pulled up to the shack of his trusted ally; the drunk that was easily paid off.
What he found inside was very displeasing; a snoring heap at the desk and a half-open jail cell, empty. Mason didn’t move an inch. He pulled out a baseball from his pocket. It was no ordinary ball. It was signed by the great Walter Johnson in the highest qualities of ink, permanently etched for all of time. His father fought tooth and nail to get Johnson’s signature down by the dugout after their trip into the States; a trip that should have been purely business, but he was taken along anyway. 
Mason lobbed the ball and it hit Mills in the chest and dropped in his lap. He choked on a snore and shot up in his chair to gather himself. Finally, his eyes settled on the moment at hand, and the poorly orchestrated skit commenced. “Oh, shit,” he said, looking at the open cell. “Godammit! He must have snatched my keys. Christ sake.”
“A criminal mastermind we are dealing with it appears,” said Mason.
He could see that Mills now knew there was no use selling more bullshit.
“Why’d you intercept us out on that farm?”
“I’ve seen the boy around town. You got the wrong one. Ain’t no killer. Just got caught up in it at the wrong time. I’m not blind. I saw your tail on the lookout. He’s piss-poor by the way. ‘Bout as discreet as a fuckin’ tank.”
“You know this boy any more than just ‘seeing’ him around?”
“I knew his father when we were younger. Caught a bad fever he couldn’t shake.”
“You know the rules, Deputy. We need firm hands. Together. It’s the only way we keep everything going. And growing,” said Mason. “Or are we not in this together anymore?” His tone was not indicative of a friendly partnership. 
“We are.” 
“Good, I’m glad. A mistake was made here though, don’t you forget it. I’ll have you and my associate retrieve the boy. Richard Peterson is his name. When we have him, we will sort out an appropriate punishment if he indeed did kill my men. We will have a fair trial free of the government. Pure justice. Just because you were friends with the father when you played cowboys and Indians doesn’t mean you know this Billy character. He’s a man, and should be treated as such. Oh, and one more thing. Cut the sauce out. I need my deputy, not a sopping boozehound.”
Mason Sinclair left with a less than gentle door close. Mills rose to his feet and started swinging his club. He didn’t stop until his rickety desk was in two. 
***
Morning came, and Mason pulled the blinds back to let the sun in. He stayed in his room admiring old ledgers from the prohibition, admiring the fortunes they had accrued in such a short span of time. 
He stared at a picture of his father and it took him back to his early years as a child, fogged down by physical abuse. Just fists and belts, only the hammer once and never again. The beatings were always a direct response to something he had done wrong, he knew that. But they were harsher when his father had gotten into his own shine.
Mason worked to impress him, and his father provided him with opportunities only deserved. There were no handouts, and in hindsight, Mason wouldn’t have had it any other way.
Mason snapped out of his trance and loaded his pistol with fresh ammunition. 
***
Mason hammered on the shed and on the distillery shop. There were sleeping arrangements in both, simple cots, and storage units for all their belongings, much like the barracks belonging to soldiers with a heavy twist of country. Everyone came pouring out from their slumbers, hair up to the skies, eyes red and crusted on the edges. Twenty or so men all formed in front of him, awaiting instruction. 
“Another day gentleman . . . Another day that we should feel lucky. We are lucky to be living on this land, lucky to work this land, lucky to have each other as friends, lucky to be gods of this country. And maybe, we’re just lucky enough to reap some grand rewards. We get to soak up the sun, drink, gamble, screw, and earn some cold, hard, fucking cash.” The group was perked up, smiles growing wider, hanging intently on his every word. “I don’t ask that any of you stay here forever. I don’t expect you to. I expect you to work hard and learn a thing or two about how a real business is run. What real power can do for a man, his family, and his community. We’ve seen some good men leave and find success, and I wish them more and more until their heart stops beating. We’re hungry! And I suppose that makes all the difference in the world, doesn’t it?”
Mason pulled out his pistol and snapped off all six in the blink of an eye, hitting a wooden target in the not-so-far distance. The gunfire brought chills up his spine, the echo through the morning air a delight. “We’ve got someone trying to take what we got. Isn’t the first time, won’t be the last. You all know what happened. One of two things will occur moving forward. He will flee and we will bring him back to face our army of hungry businessmen or he will come at us. The former is more likely, but that’s not to say we shouldn’t be ready. I require eight of you as security. The rest will continue on with business as usual. Both tasks are valued equally.”
Five hands shot up quickly, and three more followed. “Good. The rest of you go on.” Spirits were light and eager as they left. 
Mason turned his back on the men and looked out down the drive that disappeared into the tall, grassy hills. Beyond that was thick bush on each side of Copperhead, and separating the hills and the bush was lush fields of hemp.
“I want two of you to guard our yard. Then three of you guarding the tree line on the left of the road, three on the right,” he commanded with his back still turned. 
“For how long?” asked Jeremy. 
“Till the sun’s up again. If he comes and then retreats, I want three men tracking him back into the bush. If you must put a bullet in him, that’s fine. But I’d prefer him without any new holes. I meant what I said about a trial. I want to hear him speak.”
 Mason approached Clayton, who looked edgy, his crooked smile nowhere to be found. “You wouldn’t happen to have anything further to share about this Billy kid?”
“No. Nothin’.”
“That better be true for your sake. You know my feelings towards loose ends.”
“I’d tell you, boss.”
“No bullets will fire from your gun.”
Mason turned back toward his house. Two eggs over easy, toast with butter, and then he’d decide on his own ground position for the day.   
  
 









24

Peter held the fort while she traveled into town. The streets were bustling with people getting into work late. She was early, 8:30 a.m., but that wasn’t stopping her from tearing Deputy Mills a new asshole. 
She burst through the door, careening it roughly on its hinges. There was no Billy, no drunken deputy. 
Martha stepped back outside, heart fluttering. The sun was already blistering hot.
***
Ilene couldn’t sit still. She had been banished to her room after a wailing of angry shouting from her parents. They were beside themselves, and though she had never really been punished in any structured, semi-long-term sense, it appeared she was now. Ilene was worried sick about Billy. She didn’t like the way that officer looked. He could’ve been involved with those others, she thought.
What has Billy done? Is he capable of murder?
Her room had once felt as a cozy cocoon. It was a place she couldn’t wait to return to after a day of school. But no longer.
Her legs were sore from pacing in her room. She dropped to the edge of her bed and folded her hands. A new future had been within reach, and now it was being taken from her. She would live out her days in that bedroom. She would die there, her parents’ arms wrapped around her, the sunlight creeping through the blinds of her small bedroom window. She’d be buried at the cemetery on the edge of town. Ilene Blakely, a life that came and went. No imprint left.
There was a knock at the door. She peeked outside her bedroom door and saw Martha standing in the entrance. She appeared panicked.
Martha stared past her mother and father to her. “Have you seen him since?”
“I couldn’t leave, I—he’s not at the station?”
“No, Mills is gone too.” 
Her parents shared that awful, selfish look; the one that said they didn’t want anything to do with it. The whole situation was none of their business, and they wanted to separate themselves from it immediately. 
“Ma’am, we know nothing of your boy. I’m sorry but we’ll have to ask you to leave now. We have nothing to do with him and his crimes. Please, leave us be.”
Martha looked at Ilene once more with defeated eyes and then she left.
Ilene didn’t give her parents the opportunity to say a word. She turned and slammed her bedroom door. 
She fell into her pillow, her face damp with tears. 
It didn’t take long for them both to come in. They didn’t knock. 
“What’s going on, Ilene?” her mother asked. “You will tell us this instant!”
“I don’t know.” It was the truth. She didn’t know why those men wanted Billy, but she had an idea who they were. She had heard the stories but never came across any of the Sinclairs.
“Don’t lie to us.” Her father’s face was red, his brow tightened. “You’ll tell us now.”
“What do you want me to tell you? Do you want it to be truthful?”
Her mother’s face softened as she stepped in front of Ilene’s father, superseding his authority with an attempt at a gentle touch. “We just want you safe. We need to know everything so we can make sure of that. Yes dear, the honest truth.”
“The truth . . .” Her heart was a shipwreck, her throat vibrating. “I have to leave . . . not someday. I can’t trust someday.” The weight in the room was amplified, crushing her already debilitated body. Her muscles cramped and her bones ached. She hadn’t drunk any water in a long time. 
She studied her parents’ shocked faces, but there was a default setting there; something that always clicked over when she tried to express any of her desires that involved “risk.” 
“Someday isn’t far, Ilene. We can look at the University in Regina. Your father has talked of business opportunities there. We could all go together.”
Her father frowned but didn’t speak.
“I can’t do that.”
“Why on earth not? It’s what you want.”
“No. It’s an acceptable version of what you want.”
“Why are you speaking like this?”
“Because it’s the truth. Like I said, something that is rarely spoken in this house.”
“We are not liars!” 
Then her father had a turn. “I won’t have no daughter of mine insult our family name. I’ve broken my back for this family, for you. That’s the truth. And you’ll change your tune immediately and give me the respect that I deserve. 
Me, I. Her mother pretended not to hear it. Pretended not to be offended. But it was there.
“I have to go.” Ilene said in her common whispered tone. 
“Like hell,” her father responded. 
“You’re upset. Tell us what’s going on with this Billy character and maybe we can help.” 
Her father scowled at her. 
“I didn’t drive to pick wildflowers. I drove to his place.” They looked less than surprised. She continued. “Peter, his father, told me to leave. That he didn’t approve. So I came home. Billy must have run off somewhere, but I don’t know where.”
“I’m sorry dear, but he’s right. This is the way it should be.”
Ilene nodded, and they accepted it as her usual defeat. They seemed satisfied. Ilene’s nod was involuntary, and her words that followed had been building, overdue, waiting for a reason. “You can keep me shackled here forever, but my heart won’t be here for you anymore. It will be with him, wherever he is. You can’t take that from me.”
Her mother’s tears fell, and Ilene was unmoved by them. The tears were on her terms, like everything else. “I’m not feeling well,” said Ilene. “I’d like to have a glass of water and take a nap.”
They were speechless.
Her mother left and came back with the water, placing it on her nightstand. Ilene pretended to be asleep already and her mother left her be. 
Where are you, Billy?
   



















25

The walk seemed as though it would never end. I stayed off the roads, kept to the bush out of sight. My ankle pulsed, and the stitch in my side wouldn’t leave. I was shaded for most of the trip, but the heat was still hard to take. I imagined myself on the boat, out on the river, the fish busier jumping out of the water than biting hooks. I’d jumped in the water, cold and biting, waking me up more than one can be awake. Feeling refreshed, I’d float downstream on my back, Pops in the boat nearby. He’d comment about it being a catch-and-release type of day, eyes on me, waiting for the next grumpy thing to say. It’d take a while for boredom to sink in, as I watched the trees flicker in the breeze, the bushes rumble with critter life, the shapes of the clouds, matching them with random objects. When I’d finally had enough, I’d climb back onto the boat, rocking it back and forth as my father watched with annoyance. Wouldn’t that have been a sight if we spilled overboard? Pops’ tattered hat a sopping mess as he coughed and sputtered, frantically spinning to gather lost gear. It was funny to think of, but wouldn’t have been so funny to endure in real life.
I’m not sure if I stepped on something, but my ankle turned over quickly in a jerky motion. I caught myself quickly, but the little tweak had caused damage given its current state. I was forced to limp the remainder of the distance, Johnson’s farm now in sight through the trees. 
I stayed west of both their farm and ours.
I used as much of the bush as I could, not wanting to leave myself out in the open to be found. I hoped I’d gotten to Martha and Peter fast enough to warn them off. If I was, would I be able to convince them to leave until the dust settled? They were proud, and it seemed as though it would be a difficult task. 
There was a bluff to the north of our house and I crept through it, looking for the best vantage point. I walked through poplars and peeked through spruce needles to find no one. There were no vehicles in the drive or in the surrounding area. I sprinted to the barn, not sure that it was necessary, but felt I had to. I came in through the back door and Peter was there, spreading out hay for Mountie. He jolted, as did Mountie. 
“Where’s Martha?” I asked. “Did she go in to town?”
“Of course she did. What the hell’s going on?”
There was no fooling Peter. I didn’t want to. “They killed my father. I was only following them to ask questions but . . . they got into a fight with another man that worked for them. That man, Richard, he killed two of their men and it appears that I am to blame.”
“I see.” I expected anger. Orders. Bluntness. But he stroked Mountie’s snout and fed him some hay. “And now?” he asked.
“I’m not running.”
“Didn’t say you should.” He grabbed a shovel and scooped up some of Mountie’s shit. 
“I think you and Martha should go for just a little while.”
“And where would we go?” he asked.
“Anywhere but here. Where they can’t find you.”
He took another shovel full. “No can do. Tomorrow’s a full day. Southy quarter is a whole mess of weeds. I’ll be roguing all day and you should be to.”
“No, I can’t do that. They’ll come.”
“Well, then we can deal with it when it comes.” He tossed the shovel to the ground and picked up a hammer, using the other end to pull out a loose nail on Mountie’s gate. 
“This is my business,” I said. “I can’t have you and Martha in danger.”
The nail finally pulled loose and he dropped the hammer to the ground. He stared at the rusted nail. “Seems to me it’s too late for that. You’ve made it our business too. We’re in danger no matter what you do.”
“No. I’ll turn myself over. I just . . . I wanna do it on my terms.”
“Looks a lot like fool’s terms to me,” he said. “I don’t know enough about those people, but I know they’ve killed. I don’t know if you’re going to be treated justly.”
“It’s just something I have to do.”
“Why’s that?”
“Haven’t figured that out yet,” I said. 
“You walk yours and I’ll walk mine. But I’ll ask one time, and not again. Will you stay and guard our land? Deal with whatever comes our way?”
They’d wipe us out. Between me escaping and Peter’s pride, there was little chance that I could stay put and hand myself over to them without violence. I had to get to Mason Sinclair. I just had to talk to him. I needed him on trial just as much as he needed me, he just didn’t know it yet. And Clayton, I needed his head removed from his shoulders.
“Tell me you’ll hide Martha at least?” I didn’t hide my desperation this time. 
“You think that woman would agree to that? She’s as stubborn as a mule. You may as well be asking us to stop breathing. There’s just no way. Not in this lifetime or the next.” Peter wouldn’t look at me. “Go handle your business. Take what you need.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Aren’t we all.”
I loaded up as much as I could while keeping it reasonably light. My shotgun, Peter’s antique pistol, a bundle of dynamite we had used to take down the old barn that was ready to blow over from a medium-sized wind, water, fresh socks, ammo, fruit, and bread.
I said my goodbyes to Dorothy, but she didn’t show the affection she ordinarily would have. No face scrub against my leg, no purrs, no meows, just an aloof distance like any ordinary cat. 
I didn’t know if my body could do it. I had walked so far, in such dreadful heat. I told Peter to wake me up in an hour, and he walked away without answering. He’d do it though, I knew that. I rested in the barn and left the door cracked open so I could feel the breeze rolling in against my face. I lay down on four flat stacks of hay and rested my eyes.
***
I started up again, my sack strapped around my shoulder, shotgun strapped around the other, pistol holstered on the side of my pants—Peter supplied the holster as well. He didn’t ask if I was going to use the weapons. The plan, as it stood, was really quite simple. Make my legs work long enough to get me to Copperhead Road and walk down it. Get to the Sinclairs before they got to Campbell’s farm. I should have just stayed in that damn jail cell. If I had, they would have collected me and I’d be in the same situation I was now hoping for now. I was angry and I was selfish. I was a child.
I usually took pleasure in admiring the scenery on any walk, but I was much too exhausted to notice a thing. The birds were just noisy, the dust made my eyes water and throat scratch, the trees were too still, too quiet, reminding me how powerful the sun was even as it lowered in the sky. The lushness and colors of the crops, who cares? I was soaked in sweat head to toe, my ankle was on fire, the same damn stitch in my side resumed as if it had never ceased, and my mind was a devious thing.
I made it to the first set of bush and begrudgingly stepped in off the road. There was much more terrain battle up ahead. 
***
Ilene’s aunt, the librarian, was working late, Ilene remembered. After a quick sorry that she half meant and a short discussion, her parents let her leave the house to go exchange her books. Her father offered to drive her, but she needed the walk. It wasn’t that she was in her room for that terribly long, but the anxiety revolving around Billy was eating away at her. 
The street was quiet except for a few older men smoking cigarettes outside the bar—not the club on the other end of the street. They watched the way she walked; laboriously. She waved and they both waved back.
The moon was nearly full, a cluster of stars grouped around it as if used for decorations. There was humidity in the air that hadn’t been felt yet this summer. It cleared her sinuses, warmed and moistened her dry skin.
She hoped her aunt Helen was still there. It would have been a shame to make the long walk, only to turn back and face the pending downpour. The heels of her shoes made a definitive click with each step on the sidewalk, but somewhere along the line, those clicks were mixed with other footsteps. The friendly older gents from the bar, staggering down the street to sober up before going home to their wives? 
Her steps quickened and the usual dull ache in her legs played on. The footsteps behind her had gone and she could see the front steps leading into the library. But then, she heard them again, faster now. 
Ilene peered over her shoulder and saw the same awful man from Billy’s farm; the one with the horrid smile and dragon teeth. Her scream came out a squawk, and before she could move her legs to attempt running, his arms were wrapped around her. He was powerful and she was not. 
His dirty hand covered her mouth and she could taste dirt and grease. His hot breath whispered into her ear as he squeezed her in tight like a snake, his heart pumping steadily into her shoulder blade. “Not gonna hurt you little one. Just need to take you on a ride, that’s all. Scream at all, and I’ll hurt you real good. That among some things you might just enjoy little lady.”
Her throat was closing, breathing no longer a given. She had had what her mother called ”episodes” before, but this was worse than anything she had experienced, and because of it, it was exponentially worsened. Finally, he pulled his hands away with his sickly smile and she wheezed in and out, desperate for stable breaths. She stuck her hand out to try and sit on the cement but he pulled her up and dragged her to his car. She had no choice but to get in. She couldn’t think. She just wanted to breathe. 
“What’s wrong with you?” he asked as he put his car in reverse and looked frantically around to see if anyone had found him out. 
Air started to leak its way in with every strenuous gasp she took, but it was still limited, not to mention horrifying. As he turned off Main Street, he reached into the backseat, scrambled around for a bit, and procured a paper bag. “Here, breathe into this. Just calm down now.”
She clutched onto the bag and continued wheezing with desperation. She imagined this was what drowning felt like. Her heart was tapping a mile a minute and she thought she would surely die. But she didn’t, her breathing slowly regulating into the bag that smelled of old bread. A crumb vacuumed in down the wrong pipe, which sent her momentarily into a fit of coughs. Finally, it all cleared and the man took great comfort in that. “That’s it, just stay calm. Take those big deep breaths.”
She looked around at her surroundings and didn’t recognize where she was. They were already in the country and it was dark. She had been too focused on the bag to take mental notes. “Please, take me home.”
He laughed and patted her on the shoulder. “Everything’s Jake. Don’t you worry for a minute longer.” She could smell fuel from the vehicle, and her head was suddenly very dizzy. I’ve been napped up by killers. I am going to die too soon, even for me. Unavoidable thoughts made her head worse.
She thought dying in such exciting fashion to be a good thing, avoiding the course of slow and agonizing debilitation, until there was nothing left of her. This would be better, she told herself. But she wasn’t fooling anyone. Home didn’t feel so bad anymore. She missed her mother and her father and of course, Billy.
***
I arrived. By God, I arrived. It wasn’t far from where I had been attacked by a mother bear defending her cub, where I broke my ankle, where I nearly froze to death, where Richard found me and rescued me, where Richard and I were forced to take the lives of two men.
I was further north than last time and could only see trees packed tightly down each side, no opening at the end. I turned south and walked straight away, out in the open, ready to request a chance to speak my side of the story. I wondered what it felt like to draw one’s last breath. Would it be an unspeakable peace that only God could explain? Or would it just be a painful breath as the one before it, launching me into nothing at all. A dark spillway of flowing nothing. 
Lights shone all over me and I stopped with my hands up, ready to surrender, ready to say everything I had been practicing in my head. But it wasn’t Sinclair’s men. It was Mills. I couldn’t say why exactly, likely a lack of trust, but I ran. I ran as hard as I’d ever run, weaving in and out through the bush, oblivious to all the whips against my face and the awkward steps as I gimped on my bummed ankle.
I was absent thought and free-flying my way through, but I’d gone much too far before noticing. 
“Over here! I saw him! I saw him!” 
More yelling. I turned and began running back and tripped. Back to my feet and gunfire sounded out, bullets whizzing by my head, men yelling, some cheering, some cursing, plenty chasing. I wasn’t going to stand a chance. The reckless gunfire made the orders clear. Dead or alive. Just like Pretty Boy Floyd. 
It was pure stupidity. An aimless fool’s run that made no clear sense. 
Leaves fell, branches cracked, my breathing was too loud. Far too loud. I had read once about quicksand and how it would pull you in the harder you fought. Well, that’s what it felt like now with half a dozen men converging on me, wanting my blood, possibly even my head to place on a stick in their front yard. They would later salute, followed by a celebration of moonshine drinking. 
I kept moving. I hadn’t been hit yet. I heard a scream from one of the men nearby. I think he’d been shot . . . Mills . . .
New life, no matter how brief, flooded my system, and I kicked it into high gear. I ran hard and I ran fast. It sounded as though gunfire had now slowed and was coming from opposite ends, a back and forth if you will. 
I buttonhooked around a set of pines and collapsed behind a thick tree trunk. I pulled two sticks of dynamite out along with my matches. I waited, lowered to the ground, ears perked and ready like a jungle cat stalking its prey.   
They came. There were more gunshots fired, but they were spaced out. I stroked the match tip against the box and lit one stick. I waited as it lowered down the long wick, then I tossed it as gently as possible and moved. The crack of their guns made me tense up with each bang as they followed the bait.
My heart sputtered, begging me to stop it all.
The explosion shook the earth. Silence followed, then a man’s howl that would scare away a pack of hungry wolves. 
I found another tree with enough girth to use as cover. I waited. More footsteps. I lit. I tossed. I ran.
I darted in and out like Tarzan, lord of the Saskatchewan jungle, without the embarrassing loincloth. I felt like I could go forever when a hot sting bit my side. I kept moving forward, but my energy left my body. My mind told my legs to keep moving but they didn’t obey. I was somehow disconnected from my body.
I cut east back toward the road to see if it was indeed Mills that had come to my rescue. I staggered out of the bush and everything was silent. I looked down to where the mouth opened up at the end of Copperhead and there was no one standing, no one guarding with rifle in hand. I turned and behind me was Mills, leaned up against his wagon. It looked like he was grimacing, maybe wounded. Before I could react, he lifted his rifle and fired at me. 
The bullet surged by and landed square in the chest of a Sinclair man that had sneaked out onto the road. He dropped to the ground clutching his chest. 
“Get in!” shouted Deputy Chief Mills, and I did just that. Gladly.   

  




















26

I was warm and damp, a strange serenity creeping into my fingertips, moving toward my chest. I turned to look at Mills and a shot of pain kept me in my place. I couldn’t move. I looked down at my right side to find a splotch of blood slowly widening in its circumference in my shirt, a perfect little circle ripped open.
I turned only my neck and I could see Mills gritting his teeth, the color gone from his face. He steered with one hand, the other around the meatiest part of his leg, a similar hole inside, likely with a similar sting. It looked to be bleeding a little faster than mine. 
“Well that played out like a fiddle,” he said through bared teeth.
“What?” I asked with a dizzying confusion.
“You hit?”
“Yeah . . .” I whispered. “I’m hit.” What a surreal thing to say out loud.
“Goddamn, I forgot how good it burned.” He spit on the floor between his feet and growled.
“Let me see.” He leaned over and examined my wound. “Shit. We gotta get you into town.”
“I don’t have time for town.”
“You’ll have to make time then. ‘Cause I’m sure as hell patching myself up. Besides, what’s your rush?” he asked quizzically. 
“Fine,” I said. “No hospital though.”
We hit a bump on the road and my brain lit up like fireworks. 
“That’s good. I like playin’ doctor.” He sighed. “Billy, there’s something you need to know.” 
I waited. 
“It’s the Blakely girl. She’s gone missing. They must have her.”
“We need to turn around and get her. Now!”
“I was thinking we’d make sure neither of us bleeds out first. Plus, she won’t be there.”
“Where will she be?” I asked, knowing the answer. “Then we need to go there.”
“And we will. I’ve got some supplies in the office. We’ll patch up and leave right away.”
The Sinclairs had them all. Ilene, Martha, Peter . . . All because of me.
“How many men did you . . .”
He didn’t take his eyes off the road, straight as an arrow. “Four. You?”
I didn’t know for sure with the explosions, but I was fairly certain based on the cries of pain. “Two, I think.”
“How many men do they have?”
“Fluctuates around thirty I think. Maybe a handful less.”
My heart sank.
“How’d you find me?” I asked.
“I figured you for the moron type. Literally strolling straight up the gut. Into the lion’s den! What a hero you are!” he mocked. “Didn’t involve any military spying.”
“Why did you come?” I asked.
“Why? Who in the hell knows . . . a falter in judgment. And now we’re in some kind of pickle.” He reached between us and put the canister of what I assumed to be whiskey to his lips. He extended it to me and I said no at first. But he was persistent. “It’ll help the pain.” So I took his word for it. I almost puked it up, not ready for the burn that hit me like a freight train. 
“Just give it time,” he said. I wasn’t sure I wanted to give it time.
***
Two days ago, she stood in Campbell’s entrance nervously. The yellow walls and white cupboards were bright and uplifting. There was tranquility in that house. She could feel that the moment she entered, despite a crabby Peter wolfing down hot stew that filled the home with a savory aroma.
Looking at Martha’s tense face, the place didn’t seem so comforting anymore. 
Clayton’s smug grin was unwavering. 
Peter sat at his kitchen table, expressionless. He sipped his tea, the steam rising in waves, Ilene’s stomach rolling in waves.
“Okay, sweetness, take a seat with your in-laws over there.” 
Ilene took cautious steps over. She sat, and all men formed a semicircle around her, Peter, and Martha. 
They all looked like the same person to Ilene. A blended blob of mobsters, hell-bent on theft, murder, and destruction.
Clayton stepped forward. From the inside of his baggy jacket, he pulled a roll of duct tape. He bound her wrists behind her back, along the back of the kitchen chair. 
“Is that necessary?” asked Peter with a grumble. 
He didn’t answer. Instead, his hands rested on the back of Martha’s shoulder in a gentle caress. He slid in behind her and then slammed her into her chair. Peter shot off his chair, sending it crashing to the back wall, when one of the men stepped forward to introduce the butt of his gun to Peter’s forehead. He slammed back into his chair and a trickle of blood rolled. 
“No need to be hostile, folks.”
He taped up Martha’s hands the same way, then sidestepped in front of Peter. “Peter is it?” He didn’t answer. “Peter, you’ve been harboring a criminal for some time now.”
“Some time? Thought these murders happened two days ago?”
“You know what I’m saying, Mr. Campbell. Don’t play dumb with me. The crimes of a family are paid by the family.” 
“You killed Frank Bronson.”
His eyebrows raised and his cheek dimpled in a glance. “We’re just running a business.”
He moved over to Ilene and ran the back of his fingertips against her cheek. Her eyes closed.
“Don’t fuss. There’s no reason you and I can’t get along just fine.”
“Remove your hand from that child.” Martha’s words came from a maternal voice buried deep. It was cold, harsh, and primal. 
“There’s momma bear. Though this ain’t your cub, is it? Neither is that other one, ain’t that right? You one of those barren bitches then?”
Ilene held her breath, watching as Peter looked to his wife with pleading eyes. “Don’t move you rear out of that chair, woman,” were the words said in a glance. Instead, “Martha . . .” he said in a coaxing tone.
“Don’t you have greater problems at hand? There’s no conceivable way Billy would kill another human being. It’s impossible. You need to get your facts straight.”
Clayton ran his hand over Ilene’s soft cheek and down to her small breast, taunting Martha with a fiendish smirk. “I’m sorry, did you say something about conceiving?” The yellow of his teeth was a darker, rusted version in comparison to the kitchen walls. “If you were . . . able. I’d say you’d be in charge of creating something like this little gnarled up thing. Still cute though if you ask me.”
Ilene flinched.
“Yes, I’m barren. You’re right on the money. Who had you?”
Clayton stiffened. 
“Brother and sister perhaps?”
The room fell still. No one drew breath. He looked poised to attack. 
He wagged his finger and laughed. “Well, Peter. Maybe you didn’t do so bad here.” He examined the tidy little home, his mudded boots clunking and leaving flecks of soil behind. “I don’t care for kids much anyhow. I s’pose it ain’t a bad thing.” He rolled his rotten tongue against his rotten teeth. “But I guess we got one happy family here, now don’t we?” 
Footsteps came up to the door and it swung open. A handsome man with wavy black hair and a tattered brown suit stepped in. He didn’t look too happy. He pulled a comb from his pocket and fixed his hair, closing his eyes in the process. Dorothy squirmed out of Billy’s room and went right up to the man’s feet. Ilene wished Dorothy to hiss at him, but instead she rubbed up against his leg and he picked her up with ease. Dorothy enjoyed his touch, her copper eyes blinking slowly with love.
“Ilene is it?” He spoke with soft sincerity.
She didn’t answer.
“Right. Well I apologize for these unfortunate circumstances. I am certainly not a fan of holding you here like this, but . . . desperate times.” He smiled at the cat as he scrubbed under her chin. “No need to be scared. I don't wish to cause you harm. Can you tell me anything about this Billy character?”
“He hasn’t done what you think he’s done, I promise you,” blurted Martha.
“All right, all right. Calm down. Let the girl speak. Ilene, what do you have to say on the matter? Anything you know about him will suffice.”
Ilene cleared her throat and looked around at all of the eyes upon her, her nerves giving her the shakes. It hurt between her shoulder blades, her shaking making the curve of her spine hurt worse. “I met him a—a few months back. Um. He’s kind. Treats me real good. He likes his farm here. He keeps to himself.”
He smiled. She was almost naive enough to believe that he was a good man. She remembered the song she’d heard on the radio earlier. The Dance of Life. She hummed the words in her head and her hands steadied. 
“Nice cat,” said Mason, still stroking. 
She paid no mind. The song continued on and she dreamed of something new. New land, new music, new food, new people, new four walls, new experiences, new love. 
“I need a little more assistance from you other than he’s a perfect gentleman in regards to courtship. I know you can do a little better for me.”
“He never mentioned any business with you. Honest.” Ilene looked to Martha.
“I don’t think his mother hen will share what we need. That’ll be up to you I’m afraid,” said Mason. “Why on earth is this boy after my business? First he kills two of my men. Then he’s in cahoots with the deputy, the two of them shooting up my men. Six are dead. One’s missing a foot. You believe that?”
“I don’t. Billy would never shoot anyone. I know him,” said Ilene.
“I’m not questioning the boy’s charm. Clearly he has it, sweeping up a fine young woman such as yourself. But it appears he has another side he’d like you not to see. It breaks my heart just a little.”
“You’re all pretty damn fine at talking out your asses. You don’t happen to be a wolf pack of Jehova Witnesses?” Martha jabbed, a thick vein bulging in her neck, her defined arms flexed. 
It garnered a laugh from Mason as he continued to pet Dorothy, who may as well been his pet at that point. 
“No, I can assure you we are not here to preach the word of the Lord. Just here to get the intentions of Billy.”
“He’s not our son,” said Peter.
“Peter!” gasped Martha. 
“He’s a hired hand. Room and board.”
“That right? How long?”
“He’s my son,” snarled Martha. 
“’Bout six years now,” said Peter, ignoring the glare from Martha. 
“Where’d he come from?”
“Peter.” Another maternal burst shut him right up. 
“So the boy is unrelated to the well-meaning Campbells, and it sounds as though he came from an interesting place.”
Mason’s hands tightened around Dorothy’s neck and his arms jutted out, her black furry feet kicking frantically as he choked her. She groaned but couldn’t get out of his tight grasp. 
“Oh, leave the cat be! A little dramatic don’t you think?” said Martha. 
“Maybe a little.” Mason walked over to the kitchen, holding the cat firmly in his arms as Dorothy squirmed. He whistled a tune as he retrieved a pot from the cupboard and filled it with water. He turned on the stove. 
Ilene’s insides were being torn apart. Dorothy continued to squirm and whine. “Please, stop!”
The room became quiet. Mason grabbed a pot lid and held it in his hand, shielding the cat’s face. He casually took in his surroundings, seemingly approving of the quality of their home. “You put this house up yourself, Peter?”
“And my wife.”
“Yes, of course.” 
The room was silent for minutes, floorboards creaking, Ilene asking him to stop a couple times. The wait felt like an eternity. 
Steam rose from the pot. In a quick violent motion, Mason jammed the cat in the pot and slammed the lid on top. Dorothy rattled around desperately, and after thirty seconds, she went quiet. Then the feline screams came. Peter stared at Ilene’s petrified face. Martha was completely unfazed.
Mason stared into Martha’s eyes. “It’s a cat,” she said, unimpressed. “Her meat won’t go to waste. You should have skinned her first.”
Mason smiled and turned to Ilene. His lips flattened, and he glared at her. “Where did Billy come from? What is his last name?”
Dorothy’s howls were agonizing as she boiled alive, steam bursting around the seams of the pot lid.  
“That’s enough,” Peter muttered, glanced at Ilene, and rose to his feet. 
“Peter, no!” cried Martha.
Before Ilene could say anything, Peter spoke. “Bronson. Billy Bronson,” he said harshly. “I’m done with this.”
Mason’s eyes narrowed then widened. His scowl sent Clayton back a step.
“Boss, I had no idea.”
Mason grabbed a hand towel off the table and wrapped his hand around it. He turned off the stove and lifted the pot lid slowly, grabbing Dorothy’s neck before she could hop out and run away. She moaned in pain, limp, half dead from being cooked.  
 “Put her down, she’s dying,” pleaded Ilene.
He never turned, his eyes locked on Clayton. “Yes, fine.” With a quick twist he snapped Dorothy’s neck and dropped her corpse to the ground with a thud. Her eyes were open.
“I thought you took care of them? That was the order. All farms. All of three fucking farms. This one in our backyard. You didn’t tell me he had a son. Not once! In fact, I know you said he didn’t have one because he was a loner, a loony, a degenerate, a man ready to snap at any minute!”
“You—I—I was worried you’d show compassion. We needed the whole area.” 
“And the boy lived. Well done, Clayton. Really, well done.” Mason turned to one of his thugs. “Burn the cat out back.”
The man scooped up Dorothy. She was so limp in his hands, her little tongue out to the side, eyes wide. Ilene cried. Her arms throbbed from being tied, her wrists burned from the tight tape. 
“What are his plans?” he asked Peter.
“We know nothing of it. We’ve got nothing to do with any of this. My wife and I just want peace and quiet.”
“I understand that,” Mason said. “Though that doesn’t get a hell of a lot accomplished, does it? Peace and quiet . . . I’ve dreamed of it before but—I think it’s for the dead. That’s what I think.” He sighed. “Whiskers here.” He pointed at the cat. “That’s peace and quiet.”
Ilene couldn’t stop herself from crying. 
“I’m sorry, Ilene,” he said sincerely.
“You’re a monster.”
“Are you sure I’m the monster?” Mason surveyed the room. “I gotta go back before Jeremy and the others make a bigger mess. Clayton. You bring him to me alive. If he’s got words, I want to hear them. I recommend you not screw this up even worse than it already is. Keep them inside, make the exchange. The girl is not to be harmed.” He looked at Martha and Peter. “I don’t like this place. It has a taste about it. It’s foul. I feel violated by it. False assurances,” he muttered. “Torch it when you’re done, eh.”
“Please, don’t do that.” Martha’s face scrunched in terror. “Please.”
“Shut up,” said Clayton, humiliated. 
All that was left was to wait. Thunder sounded outside, and the sky cracked with light. Ilene could smell the rain.
***
We made it into his office and he helped lay me down on the floor. Everything in my body was seizing. He pulled out a package that was shiny and tore it open. He poured powder into my leaking bullet hole and my eyes opened wide and squeezed outward. My breath trapped in my throat and my heart stopped dead in my chest. Everything went black, but the pain still remained.
Before I could recover, I heard three sharp breaths from Deputy Mills. Belt tied off above the wound in his leg, he poured the powder and yelled. He handled it better than I did.
I drank water. He drank whiskey. My wound had stopped bleeding, but it was awful to move.
“What do we do when we get there?” I asked. 
“The plan is very simple. Ain’t pretty though.” He waited for me to say it, to have it figured for myself, but I didn’t want to speak such bleak truths. 
He straightened up and put a little bit of pressure on his bad leg. “Christ almighty! Woo!” he chuckled angrily. “We go in. Exchange you for the girl. I take the girl home. They kill you. They find me two days later, drunk in a bar three towns over. They kill me. Easy as apple fucking pie.”
“Right.” I looked down at my wound. It couldn’t have been good. I’d likely die anyway. 
“Pumpkin pie then?” he asked with a drunken grin, his eyes glazed. Maybe I should have partaken? No, I needed a clear head. My only priority was making sure they were all safe. 
I accepted his rough hand and he pulled me up carefully. I almost fainted.
We took the gravel road that I had traveled with Mountie and sometimes by foot. We had loaded up the car with guns and ammunition, but decided we’d park away from the Campbell farm so that the exchange would be more separated. I told him about one of my favorite spots for grouse hunting, and it was big enough that he could fit the car there. The rain was coming down hard, splattering our windshield. I hoped the path wouldn’t be too mudded up or we’d get stuck there for sure. 
 









27

We pulled into the hidden trail in the bush and came to a stop, and the rain stopped with us. We’d walk from there, though it wasn’t very far. Mills didn’t offer me a marijuana fag, he told me I was smoking it. “You need it more than I do,” he said.
For the first time, I smoked. And I coughed. As I had heard before, it smelled like a skunk. Mills made me do it twice more, and I coughed just as much each time. He smoked up the rest of it with long pulls, the cherry sliding downward, disappearing to ash. 
Then a jar of moonshine from the back. I put it to my lips and pulled away. This, I thought. This was it. The nectar that was worth fighting over, worth isolating oneself for, worth killing for. I was thirsty, so I drank it the way I’d drink water and that was a mistake. I spit half of it up and some got into my nose, making it difficult to breathe. The burn was intense. 
“Don’t you toss your innards!” he said. “I need this to stay with you, numb the pain.”
“And for you?” I asked. 
“This is breakfast.”
 Our steps down the trail were sticky and suctioned, mud slopping in where tracks had been formed. By the spruce tree with my name carved in it, we cut into the bush. 
We reached the clearing and knelt to examine the yard. There were two men outside waiting by their cars, sharing a cigarette. There was no sign of Ilene though. 
“I’m sorry I got you in this,” I said.
“The girl is our only concern now.”
I nodded.
I could have taken those two out from there, but it would be a lost cause. Odds were either the barn or my house was filled with more. 
“I know what you’re thinking. Wipe it from your mind and give me your hands.”
He was a crooked, two-faced son of a bitch, and I still trusted him. I gave him my hands behind my back. 
“You ready?”
“Yeah. I’m ready.”
We walked out of the bushes and it took the two fools long enough to notice. Some guard duty they were. Dogs would have done a better job. They hollered to the house and we kept walking. Mills had his hands up. 
More men flooded out of the house. Among them was Clayton in all his disturbing glory.
“I got what you want! We are here to make a simple exchange for Ilene!” yelled Mills. 
I once read that when you meet the woman you love, everything slows down, everything around her grows quiet, and it is only her. Seeing her wrists bound placed time at a crashing halt. I wanted to die for her. I had to die for her.
We arrived face to face. Bad, scruffy men all with clenched jaws glared at us. They wanted a fight. 
“Deputy, I thought we had an understanding? An alliance that was as strong as oak! You remember sayin’ that?” Clayton’s chest puffed, chin up.
“We just need the girl. She’s got somewhere else she needs to be,” said Mills.
“That’s too bad. We’re just getting acquainted.” He ran his dirty thumb over her lips and she pulled away. His hand didn’t move, then quickly extended out, striking her in the face. I heard her sharp breath and froze, utterly controlled by rage. Her hand trembled against her cheek, and Mills squeezed my wrists tightly and jerked me back into his body.
My stomach tore, and I grimaced in anguish.
Clayton laughed emphatically in my face. “But! Orders are orders.”
Ilene held her cheek where the red hand print darkened by the second. She looked at me and told me it was okay.
“Can we get on with it?” asked Mills.
“You’re no fun, Mills. None at all.”
“Not today. Normally I’m peachy.”
Clayton was enjoying every second of the confrontation. I could tell he didn’t want it to end. He had a sickness that would never be cured. I used to believe that everyone was capable of decency. Not anymore.
He ripped the tape roughly off of Ilene’s hands and pushed her forward with a less than a gentle nudge. She collapsed to her knees and cried out. I was helpless. I wanted to wipe the tears from her eyes, but my hands were preoccupied behind my back. 
Clayton stepped forward and punched me square in my stomach wound. My breath was caught in my throat. Mills kept my hands back. He struck me once more and I fell to my knees. The blood started to leak out and Ilene noticed. “Get away from him! Stop!”
Before I could say anything, Mills was dragging her away as she called out for me. 
“I’ll be checking in with you real soon, Deputy! Real soon!”
They disappeared in the bushes. 
Clayton lifted my chin. “Order is for me to bring you to Mason, alive. I feel like I've earned some fun though. Don't you?”
***
Ilene couldn’t move well through the bush because there was too much mud. Mills scooped her up and carried her like a baby, her arms wrapped tightly around his neck.
Deputy Mills grunted in pain most of the way, and after about five minutes of walking, he set Ilene down on her sore legs. “Ilene. Are you okay?”
There was no way of really knowing. It was a word with loose meaning, “okay.” The obvious answer was no, but she instinctively said yes.
“Ilene, I need you to focus.” He was speaking to her like she was an idiot. “Can you drive?”
She nodded yes. “I need you to keep walking this path. It’s not that far. Stay on the path and you’ll find my car. You drive it home.” He held her shoulders tightly. “Drive home. Directly to your house. Lock all your doors. Stay with your parents. Can you do that?” It was a tall order considering her body was rejecting all motor skills and her mind was mashed like the potatoes she didn’t eat the night before.
“Ilene?”
“I don’t know. I’m scared.”
“It's all right. I am too. But I need to go back. I can't leave him. That direction. Go. Now!”
Her feet continued to slip and stick. The segmented sobbing didn’t help with her balance. Her heart ached, and her knees throbbed from inflammation. There was nothing she could do now. She had no gun, and there was about to be a gunfight. All she could do was surrender herself into her mother’s bosom. Her path had been written, and it was maybe time to accept it and make the best out of a raw deal. 
The night was still warm and muggy, but she shivered anyhow. She was always used to wearing her cotton layer, the feeling soft against her skin. She craved tea and a book in her bed, if her brain would allow such commonplace. 
The deputy’s car felt strange to her. She could hardly reach the gas pedal with her toes but was not certain how to move the bench forward. She put on her seatbelt and turned the key. Thank goodness it wasn’t a hand crank. It growled and caught right away. She put it into drive and the machine lurched ahead, but spun in some mud. She accelerated, and the tires only slid. She began crying once more.
She angrily punched the gas and the car jolted forward, pushing her back. She almost crashed into the bush but corrected the steering just in the nick of time. She used the tips of her toes and drove slowly out of the chicken path and out onto the grid road. 
She calmed and drove on.
***
Her front door swung open before she could get to it and her mother and father rushed out to embrace her. As expected, her face was brought in tightly against her mother’s breasts, and her father snatched her from her mother’s arms and carried her inside the house. She had wanted to be not only strong, but also cold to her mother and father, but their touch, unfortunately, brought her comfort and additional tears. 
The sleep came quickly for Ilene. She woke up feeling guilty for that. 
As soon as the grogginess lifted, a panic attack loomed.

  













28

Mills cowered in the bushes in the same look-out position from before. Again, two men outside, the rest inside, Ford T’s in the drive. 
After Billy Bronson had entered his life and his prison cell, he had the local lawyer man draw up the paperwork of his will. It was all to go to the school and the hockey rink. Fifty-fifty split. It was a large sum of money, more than he could have ever spent in that town. All he had needed was a pool of whiskey; the rest had rode the interest train.
At least he had his affairs in order. His body was to go to the University of Saskatchewan for study. After serving its purpose, any existing remains were to be cremated and dusted anywhere at least fifty miles outside the radius of Moose Jaw—he had never left before and figured that’d be the right time to get away. His house would be used for troubled youth, if there was someone brave enough to run the program. It was a lofty goal and a little mushy for him, but it’d be someone else’s problem. Worst case Ontario, they’d burn it or rip it to the studs. 
Mills lay on his belly, lining up Sinclair thug number one. His pointer finger touched the side of the trigger as he waited for his breathing to settle into a consistent pattern. He waited, and then he fired. The bullet sailed through the thug’s head.
Thug number two scurried away and ducked for cover behind the car before Mills could get lined up for the second shot. 
He hopped to his feet and ran through the clearing into the open, pistol drawn. The man poked his head out from the car and fired aimlessly. Mills continued on, leg screaming at him to stop. Not enough Mary, he thought, bullets whizzing around his body in all directions. Thug two’s head poked out and Mills fired twice, just missing by a hair. 
He heard the front door swing open. A man jumped out and opened fire, but Mills had already squeezed the trigger, putting one directly in his midsection. He toppled over and Mills dove for the back end of the car just as Clayton opened fire from the front step.
It was a shoot-out. 



The gunfire was terrifying. Life was fading from me. My wound was leaking, and it killed me just to move. My hands were bound behind my back and there was little I could do. My right eye was closed up from Clayton’s blows and my head was bleeding courtesy of the butt end of his shotgun. 
Clayton rushed up to the door in response to the shots fired. He was cursing angrily. He instructed two of his men to go outside to deal with the problem, and the first man was folded up by a bullet while the other one scampered around the house for cover. Just as the second shot rang out, Clayton slammed the door. “Fuck! Fucking fuck, fuck!”
He strode hard toward me and clocked me in my bad eye, then pulled me up by my hair. The blood now flowed into my eye and burned. I was completely blinded in my right, but the left still functioned. He held me up and walked me to the door, my body rejecting each movement. I couldn’t imagine a time when it would all be over.
He booted the door open, holding me in front as a shield. “Fire one more shot! I dare you! I'll fuckin' light this kid up!”
They must have had Martha and Peter in the barn. I prayed that they were okay.
“Hank! Hank! Bring me the barren whore!” shouted Clayton.
I tried to think of something clever. Anything. But what was I to do in such a situation, hands tied behind my back? So I had no hands . . . I still had my legs and my head. I looked to my left, the one man lowered at the front of the car closest to us, Mills at the back. A man approached with shuffled steps, holding angry Martha in front. I looked into Mills eyes, searched them for answers. I think I’d found them.
Clayton leaned in and whispered, “I’m gonna gut mommy like a fish after I’ve used her all up.”
I slammed my head back into the bridge of Clayton’s nose. His hands released, and I dove off the porch landing roughly on my stomach, knocking the wind out of my lungs. 
Mills rolled around the car and fired. Clayton was hit, toppling over to the side. The other man stepping out had a clear shot at Mills, and yet he collapsed, his chest erupting like a target-practice melon. I was on my side, out of breath, watching the bearded man aggressively manhandle Martha. She elbowed him in the side and broke free. He lined to take the shot and my stomach dropped. As did the man. More gunfire, more bloody death. Out in the open field stood Mr. Blakely, fancy hat on, rifle with scope in hand. 
The man to my left wasn’t dead yet. He rose and aimed at Blakely in the distance, and Mills wasted him with two shots through his chest. 
My ears wouldn’t stop ringing. The smell of gunpowder was strong enough that I could taste it. Martha stood in no-man’s-land spinning, uncertain of her next move. I scrambled to my feet, and we both watched as another Sinclair man emerged from the barn. He took aim at Martha, and Peter came sprinting out of the barn without any protection. The man turned and fired into Peter. I screamed, but nothing came out. 
Blakely fired, and the man that shot Peter staggered and dropped.
Silence finally commenced. We all just looked around. There were bodies everywhere. Martha dropped to her knees and crawled toward Peter, who lay motionless. 
The corner of my eye lit up as Clayton emerged from the side the house with Mills dead to rights. I took two painful strides and dove in front of Mills, tackling him to the ground. His gun went off, but I felt nothing new, no fresh sense of pain. I rolled over to find Clayton on his back gasping for air. 
Blakely lowered his rifle and ran toward Martha and Peter. 
Mills was okay and so was I for now. I crawled over to Clayton’s body and he pulled me in close. He tried to whisper something I couldn’t understand and then he laughed, short giggles cut off by asphyxiation. 
I wish, in hindsight, that I could have looked back and told a tail of redemption where love and human compassion triumphed over violence. That I took the highroad, walking away from it all, convincing Mills to bring in more reinforcements, put Sinclair and the rest of his men behind bars for the rest of their days. That I showed humility in the face of the greatest of evils, when anger and sin burned deepest in my bones. That I looked at the world differently because of that moment and went on to do great, honorable things.
But Martha’s distraught face as she looked down at her bloodied husband . . .
The image of Ilene being pushed to her knees, tied up, terrified for her life . . .
I rose. I pointed Peter’s pistol at Clayton’s chest and I squeezed the trigger. It was better than I thought it’d be. His crooked smile tightening in agony, his body twitching. I put another in his stomach. Then another. Wisps of blood sputtered from his thin lips. He gurgled. He moaned. I put another between his eyes and enjoyed every bit of it. 
My wits were gone. Mills grabbed me and herded me over to Martha and Peter in the middle of the driveway. Rain splashed into the bloodied mud.
She should have been furious with me, Martha. But she squeezed my hand with her right, Peter’s with her left. “You’re a mess,” said Peter.
I looked down at my blood-soaked shirt. It made Martha cringe.
He smiled and released a slow breath. “Martha, get out of here,” he said. He coughed and tilted his head to me. “Don’t let them burn our house. And don’t bury me beside that goddamn cat.”
There was no sunlight, nor was there any moonlight. The wolves didn’t howl, an eagle didn’t soar in the distance, the song birds didn’t sing, the wheat field didn’t rustle with the wind. He lay there in the blood and the mud with all the other dead, the sky ugly and gray. “We’ve done okay,” he whispered.
***
Martha and Mills treated my wound inside. The bullet wasn’t deep apparently. Sure as hell felt deep. They plucked it out with a pair of pliers and I passed out, which was a blessing and a half. It gave them free reign to clean out the wound properly and Martha, being the jack-of-all-trades that she was, stitched me up good. She said she stitched a layer deeper and then the same at the surface. I drank lots of water when I came to, and ate some pie. Martha said I needed to get my sugars up. I did everything she said, but there was still a horrible empty feeling. I had caused all of it.
Tears clouded my eyes. “I’m sorry.”
She stroked my shoulder and spoke to Mills. “Will you help me with burial out back?”
“I’ll help,” I said.
“No. Deputy Mills will get digging and I’m taking you to the hospital.”
“Yup, that’s the best way,” he agreed.
“No. No hospital. You’ve done everything for me that they could have.”
“I don’t care. We need to be cautious. Can’t take any chances.”
“I’m not going to town. If I’m going . . . it’s another direction.”
“Don’t be a fool!” she snapped. “This isn’t the Wild West. We need to all take a minute to start thinking like sane people.” Her shaky hand covered her face for a moment. “We’ve got to be rational. Not one of those bastards will be breaking into a hospital with guns. It’s the place to be.”
“And then what?” I asked, not meaning to be defiant.
“We’ll figure it out when the time comes.”
“I’m sorry but the time is now. If we flee, they’ll just keep going after Ilene to draw me back.”
“I won’t let that happen,” said Mills. 
“Maybe so, but what then? Where are we supposed to go?”
They remained silent. “How’s your leg?” Martha asked Mills.
“This? Nicked myself shaving.” She chortled exhaustedly and so did he. 
“Come on,” said Mills.
I groaned with each step and walked outside. 
Mills and I carried Peter, Mills doing most of the work. We set him down in the backyard and Mills wouldn’t let me help shovel. He was only about halfway through when I said, “I have to say goodbye now.”
Martha spoke with a croaked voice. “No. You’re not doing this to me, boy. Have you no decency?”
“I hate that I’ve done this to you. I hate being this burden.”
“Burden? You think you’re a burden? You sure seem to think you’re a houseguest that works our fields. You notice that we don’t pay you?” A strand of hair fell in front of her eyes and she left it. “When are you gonna understand that you are family? What do I gotta do? What’s it going to take?”
“I already know that. That’s why I have to go.”
“I won’t lose you too.”
Mills cleared his throat. “Billy. You two need to go. Start over elsewhere. I can sell the farm for you, and I’ll have another anonymous person ready to look after it if—if they get to me. In the meantime, I’ve got plenty of cash for you to get by on. Plenty. I’ll stand watch outside Blakely’s, I’ll call in for support from Saskatoon. I’ll tell them everything. You two have been through enough. It’s just . . . enough.”
“I can’t do that.”
“You think killin' Mason Sinclair is gonna make you feel better? I've seen this play out before. Revenge won't set you free from nothing. The past is already gone. Don’t do this.”
“It ends with me and him. This is Martha’s home. It’s Peter’s home. And it’s my home too.”
I walked through all of the dead bodies. They were already giving off a putrid scent. I didn’t look back on my way to one of Sinclair’s cars.
I drove with the window rolled down. I dangled my hand outside and felt the wind between my fingers. I stuck my head out and let it rush down my throat. In the passenger seat sat a tin of Copenhagen snoose. I felt calm. It must have been the marijuana still holding on. I tucked a healthy pinch in my lip and my shoulders sunk.
***
Mason’s throat no longer burned from the half-drank jar of shine. All senses were dulled perfectly.
He took another sip and reminded himself that the situation controlled itself. Billy would have returned for the girl by now, his folks would have been left unharmed as ordered, and the boy would be brought to him for questions and answers, and most likely, death. What kind of death he earned himself was still up in the summer air. 
Mason had to move. 
He walked outside to the distillery shed. The sun was beginning to rise, but most of his men were not. Ordinarily, he would have been upset by this, but he was rather indifferent about it now.
Jeremy was up. He had his eyes on the temperature gauge, already working a new batch bright and early. 
“Everything all right in here?”
“Yes, sir. It’s fine.”
“Good. good. Uh. You're doing fine work. I'm gonna leave you with this pistol here. In case—just in case.”
Jeremy didn’t pick it up, he just stared at it. 
“Not that anything should happen. Just waiting for Clayton to bring that savage back. It’ll be over soon.”
“Okay. I’ll keep working in here then?” Jeremy asked.
“Yeah, that’s fine.”
Mason walked back to his house without any plans to further the day. There was still half a jar to be drunk, but it was starting to feel like work. He stood at his kitchen table and took another sip.
Butter, eggs, pan, turn the stove on. His routine should have started, but he was unable to move, an obstruction taking place between his ears. Suddenly, he snapped. Mason turned and rifled the glass jar against the wall and it shattered to bits. 
He bent over and began cleaning it up carelessly, cutting his hand on a big shard of glass. Blood started to leak. The wound was deep. It needed stitches, but he was in no mood for anything. He just needed a minute to breathe.
This time he’d have raspberry jam on his toast. It had been a long time since he had had any and there was a jar in the fridge with a little left. It had been in there taking up space for too long. He grabbed the jar and set it on the table. He reached back into the fridge and grabbed another jar of shine. He set it on the table, leaving a bloodied handprint behind.

  
 
 









29

Ilene’s room was cozy for about an hour, but it soon became something bad again. It was a futureless place without imagination.
She inked her pen and began to write. She would have to rewrite it at least once more, but it was important to get everything out onto the page in its rawest form. Putting one word after another was more difficult than it ever had been.
***
I wanted to limp on both sides.
I walked down Copperhead Road, leaving the car parked in the middle, blocking any traffic. I had both my shotgun and my pistol.
The sun glared down on my eyes as I walked through the clearing, the grassy hills awaiting me. The chickadees were singing, the smell of grass was sweet, and the wet ground had brought some mosquitoes out from the woodworks. They were eating me alive, but once I escaped the narrow road surrounded by bush, there weren’t as many to attack.
Before I could arrive at the hill to post up, I was greeted by the sound of a car approaching. I didn’t line up with either of my guns; instead I waited to see what kind of man was behind the wheel, my pistol a quick grab away, loaded, ready. 
It wasn’t Mason Sinclair that climbed out of the vehicle. It was the younger man, Jeremy, who I remembered as a boy, down by the river stealing our fish and supplies. The boy that was terrified of Clayton and followed every word commanded of him. He was a man now, a shadow of facial hair under his lip and chin, his eyes harder but still humane. He looked nervous at the sight of me.
His shaky hand pointed a gun at me. My lip swelled with spit that I didn’t care much to swallow, so I spat a wad onto the gravel road.
“Don’t move or I’ll shoot you,” he said.
“I need your help.” I hoped he had water in his car, having drunk all of mine halfway there. 
“Slide your gun over.”
I tossed over my shotgun and started walking to the passenger side. 
“Don’t! Stop!” His gun went off into the sky and I didn’t even stop to look. I got into the passenger seat and waited. Each breath hurt more than the one before. 
He got in with a dumb look on his face. 
“He killed my father, you know,” I said.
His eyes danced left and right.
“You can help me,” I said. 
“No. I can’t. Why would I?”
“It’s the right thing to do.” I turned in the seat and winced from the shooting pain in my side.
“I have to take you in now,” he said.
“I’m aware of that.”
His eyes lit up and he searched around the car frantically, then into the woods. “Where is everyone else?”
“Dead,” I said it with an unimpressed fatigue. 
“You’re lying.”
“Why am I here then?”
His tongue remained still. I continued, “Job’s almost done. I need you to take me in.”
“I’m not helping you for shit.”
“Listen. I don’t know you and you don’t know me. I’m just asking for a little help.”
“Mason will kill you. Why don't you run? There’s no one but him to look for you.”
“Do you have any water?” 
He reached into the back and grabbed me a canister. I drank it aggressively, the moisture flowing down my throat, giving me life with each sloppy glug. I wiped my mouth and released a grateful sigh. “Thank you.”
He stared at me with blank eyes.
“Okay, I’m ready. Let’s go.”
“So, I just take you and hand you over?”
“Yeah. Just don’t wanna get ambushed on the way, that’s all. If you wanna ask your boss to hear me out, that’s all the better.”
“Are you crazy or something?”
“No . . . don’t think so.”
“So what then? Just drive up?”
“How many men are there?”
“I don’t know. Maybe ten.”
“Try and keep me under the radar if you can. Take me straight to Sinclair, keep me hidden. Will that be possible?”
“Could be. Can’t say for sure.”
“That’s fine.” I sighed.
He seemed to oblige. 
I stared down the road and pushed the tobacco to the side with my tongue. Next thing I knew, I was cracked on the skull.





















30

I woke as we pulled into the farmyard. I couldn’t have been out for that long, maybe a few minutes. My father’s pocket watch rested on the dash, the sun shining into it, reflecting into my eyes. I never used to keep it on me because it made me sad, but I took it when I left Campbell’s, figured it couldn’t hurt to have it on me. I squinted and sat upright. My head pounded and my side splintered. There were no other men in the yard except for Mason Sinclair, standing by a large post that had a pulley of some sort next to it. I hoped it wasn’t my fate. Given that I had now lived through the pain of a bullet, I’d like another if I had the choice of death. I could brace myself with expectations of the sensations I would feel. But that last breath, that was still a great mystery to me, one that I feared greatly.
Blood leaked down the ridge of my brow and into my eyes.
Jeremy had his pistol out. He tugged me by my shirt and pushed me to the ground. My knees hit hard, but I remained upright.
“Well done, Jeremy. Are the others not far behind?”
“Sir. If he speaks the truth, they’re all dead. I found him close to the hills. He was going to stake out your place, look for a position to fire from.”
I wiped away the blood. I opened both eyes and looked up at the well-dressed man. His eyes were bloodshot. He was still handsome but looked crazier than the last time I’d seen him. 
“Mr. Sinclair,” I muttered, the sound of my shallow breath scaring me.
“Billy, is it?” 
“That’s right.” I swallowed down bitter spit from the tobacco in my lip. I flicked it out with my finger and spat the leftover flakes onto the ground. “Where’s your crew?”
The sun was literally sucking the life out me now, its heat powerful and unforgiving. My head bobbed on my shoulders. I wanted nothing more than rest.
“Well, the one’s you haven’t murdered are either out in the fields or on a shipment run.”
“Business as usual,” I said. “None here to protect you?”
“Protect me?” He laughed. “Your boldness is astounding. I almost like you. Almost.”
“I almost respect you. Almost.”
His lips flattened, and his eyes didn’t leave mine. “I’d say I’m surprised that you’re here now, alive. But it’s my own doing really. Putting that fool in charge of anything more than scrubbing my shoes . . . So, let’s have it then. Your grand revenge tale that led you here. I imagine that Peter character assisted you in murdering all of my men. If that is, in fact, true.”
“They’re all gone. I did to Clayton what you would have.”
“Bravo, young lad. All is forgiven. Be on your merry way.” His eyes caught sight of my wound. “Looks like you got a scratch there.” 
Before I could get a word in, his foot kicked out. I curled up on the ground, my scream faltering to a whimper.
I rose to my knees. It gained me a reaction. Maybe it was one of respect amongst disgust. “Why are you here?” he asked.
“Because I have to be.”
“To put me down, is that it?”
“Just to talk.” 
He laughed, and his fists unclenched. He pulled out his pistol from his waist.
“Before you do that, just tell me why.” My eyes clouded with tears. I didn’t want to die.
“To be what other men can’t be.”
“A murderer?”
“Memorable.”
“Better ways to be that, isn’t there?”
“And I’ve done those too. Sometimes you need the bad to dish out the good.”
“Did you know my father prior?”
“No. I’d never met him.”
“Did you order to have him killed or was that Clayton’s decision?”
“I did.” His face was cold and unapologetic. “I’m exactly what you think I am, so let’s get on with it then, shall we?”
“I have to ask you one more thing. Please leave Martha alone after this. And Ilene and her family. They’re all good people that don’t deserve to be harmed. Peter’s gone. Martha, she needs to be left alone.”
“Peter got what he had coming. And the deputy will get his too,” he said. “Your request will be granted. Now, usually I’d prepare something less forgiving than a bullet, but you’ve handled yourself in a way that I can understand.”
“You could have left us be. We were no threat to you.”
“Your daddy knew what he was into. Safety and security don’t belong in our world. He took his calculated risks.”
“I was ten.”
He nodded in agreement and raised his gun. I closed my eyes. If it were to hit me in the head, would I see black right away? Would I be able to draw a final breath, immersed in that feeling? Or would he shoot me in the chest and leave me to bleed out? 
“Stop.” It was Jeremy’s voice. I opened my eyes. His gun was drawn on Mason. “Put your gun down.” 
Mason didn’t waver. “Now! I’ll shoot!” Jeremy yelled.
“What are you doing, Jeremy?”
“Put your gun down.”
“You put yours down and we are fine. You can trust me.”
“Can I?”
“Jeremy, let's clear our heads here. This kid is a murderer. We farm and sell moonshine. Who's bad here? Put that gun down.”
Mason turned, and Jeremy couldn’t pull the trigger.
Mason could though, the sound echoing across the wheat and marijuana fields. Jeremy looked down at his stomach. 
There was no blood. His eyes were wide. 
Mason staggered backward. Blood spilled from his chest. 
He looked at me and then squinted out in the distance. 
Deputy Mills, on one knee, his rifle in hand, the sun providing heat waves in front of his body. 
I stood over Sinclair as he trembled and gasped, his eyes wide in disbelief. A smile followed. “Go on. You’ve earned it.”
He was an ordinary man. “Is there anyone you’d like to pass a message on to?” I asked.
He chortled and grimaced when touching around the bullet wound.
“Is there someplace you’d like to be buried?”
His eyes were glossy. “By the oak tree behind the house. Next to my father.”
“Okay.” I didn’t know what else to ask or say.
“Are you scared?” I asked. 
He cringed and sputtered more blood before nodding. “Yeah,” he choked out with a brave smile. “Hu—Hu—It hurts.”
He was drowning now.
I pointed and I fired. I didn’t look this time. 
I dropped to the ground and Jeremy lowered to my aid.
“Billy,” he whispered. He cried softly. “I have to tell you something . . . I’m the one that shot your father. I thought I had to. I shouldn’t have. You should kill me.”
He put the gun in my hand and I let it fall to the ground. I lay there on my back, looking up at the clear sky. “I wonder if the river has been any good. I haven’t been out yet.”
I could hear Mills, his gruff voice making orders, trying to get my eyes to open. I felt hands on my face and around my stomach. I could hear my name being chanted and liked the sound of it. I should have been a ball player, taking the mound for the final three outs, the crowd on their feet begging for a strikeout. I’d give them one.
I felt a soothing chill eliminate the heat that had sweltered throughout my body. Then I felt weightlessness as Mills carried me, my head bobbing with each step. 
I saw sky. 
I saw trees. 
I saw it all. 
















31

The setting was serene and so was I. We were being pulled along quicker than usual, the current strong. Pops was sitting in his usual spot watching the end of his line. I dipped my hand in the water and felt the current pull around my fingertips. It was cold.
Pop’s lip swelled, and I craved a pinch myself. It was the final piece of the puzzle that would make it all perfect. He stared into my eyes with impatience, waiting for me to say or do something. Finally he spoke, his voice there in my head, unchanged from years ago. “You just gonna sit there or help me with this?”
I looked down at his feet and there was a pike slashing about. “How come you never fillet the fish?” I asked.
He smirked. “Tell you what. I’ll fillet the fish, you do everything that I do back home. Good?”
“Can I have a pinch? Before I get my hands snotty.”
“You cannot . . . hurry it up. I’ll just keep stacking ‘em at your feet.” He winked. 
The breeze rolled through my nostrils and filled up my lungs. Everything was so clear. I couldn’t recall that anything needed to be done on the farm. There were only fish to catch. And if they stopped biting, I’d go for a swim.
 But they didn’t stop biting. As soon as our hooks hit bottom we’d reel in another. I stopped cutting and got in on the action. I could already smell the fish frying in butter and garlic.
“Hey, Pop.”
“Yeah?”
“Why do you make ‘shine?”
He didn’t appear at all surprised by my question. “Helps pay the bills when the rest don’t.”
“Do you drink it?” 
“No, I don’t drink it. Tastes like shit. That barrel in the shed. You remember it from the time you were sneaking around?”
I nodded sheepishly, but the outline of his lips told me that he was over it by now. “I drink that. That swish runs about seventy proof. I often have a nip before bed while you’re sawing logs. Goes well with a crackling fire.”
“Can I try some?”
“Don’t matter to me.”
He set his hook. His rod curved and he was forced to put some of his weight into it. “She’s not small, that’s for sure.”
“Maybe you’re just old and frail.”
His laugh was a glorious grunt. He continued to reel.








32

There was no light. There was no dark. I had not seen my life in a flash of memories, I was not reborn, I was not sucked out of Kansas by a tornado, and my soul did not rise into the clouds. I simply had a dream about my father because I missed him. 
My eyes opened, and I was in the same hospital room as the last time. Martha was there. Her eyes widened when she realized I was awake. She rushed up to my bedside and ran her hand through my hair. 
I couldn’t begin to say how sorry I was. Peter was gone because of me. But she knew what I was thinking almost before I thought it. She rested her cold hand on my cheek. “Just don’t. Okay? I’m glad you’re okay. And you will never scare me like that again. Deal?”
I nodded. “Can we go now?” I asked. 
“Don’t be silly. You think my ratty stitch job was good enough? They repaired my repairs and got some fluids pumping into you. They tell me a couple days here.”
I sighed.
“Not really in a position to be choosy,” she said. “Billy. We never talked about your father. And we sure as hell had an idea about what happened. We should have discussed it with you, checked to see how you were getting along. That’s our—my fault. I should have been better.” Her face was hardened like stone, white like bedsheets, her eyes sunken and purple underneath.
“Better? Who’s being silly now?”
She laughed and wiped her eyes. “Right, well. No sense babbling like an old maid. I’ll let you get some sleep.”
“No, stay.”
“Of course.”
We kept the Sinclair discussion very brief. It was done and over with and Martha was too bothered to say anything further. So we talked about how I was feeling, what she was cooking next when we got home, and how we were fine to take a week to gather our affairs, maybe enjoy some time in town. 
I couldn’t hold out much longer as conversation became too much work. My eye lids were weighted, and I let them do their thing. I was gone again.
***
The next time I woke, it was to Ilene’s beautiful face. Martha exited without a word. 
“Hi.”
“Did they hurt you?” I asked. 
“No, no. I’m fine. Was just worried about you is all.” She moved in closer and slowly peeled back the bed sheet over my stomach. “That looks bad.” 
“Don’t sugar coat it.” I said with a smirk. 
She looked at my eye, nearly swollen shut. Her lip trembled.
“Your father let you come here?”
“Martha came to get me. She didn’t exactly ask permission.”
I laughed and wished I hadn’t, my side sharp and hot. 
“Can you thank your father for me? We wouldn’t be here without him.”
She inhaled loudly. “He hasn’t left his bedroom . . .” Her eyes were no longer on me; they were on the white blinds keeping the light out of my room. 
“I never set out for this, Ilene. It just happened.”
“Why?” She was still staring at my stomach. “Did you like it? The revenge? 
“There was maybe a moment. But it was gone quicker than it was there.” My voice hitched. “But when Sinclair was dying—I—I just wanted to go home.” 
“They killed your father, right?”
“Yes. Can I tell you about the dream I had?”
“Okay.”
“You were in it. You were pulling me around all kinds of places. I just followed. I could see the mountains in BC. Then we walked down to a beach and watched the ocean tide roll in. Then we were in Los Angeles living like we were in a film picture.”
I looked up at her and she was smiling. “Then Mexico,” I said with some kind of theatrical voice. 
“Mexico?” she laughed. “What on earth would we be doing in Mexico?”
“You were wearing a sombrero.”
“I wouldn’t wear that.”
“We went fishing then. You forced me to.” Her hand caressed my cheek. “You hooked a big one and wrestled it for what felt like an hour. I took over and fought with it until the sun came down. Finally, we pulled him in the boat. It was one of those fish with the spears on his nose that I read about. Yeah, real big one. Then we cooked it in one of those little huts just off the beach. Took our food to the beach and laid out towels on the sand.”
“That all sounds really nice.”
“I’m ready to go anywhere with you, if you’ll have me.”
“I’ll have you.”
She stayed with me for the next two days, reading me some of her favorite stories. I hung on her every word, her voice becoming more confident the more she read.
My stomach growled and one of the nurses brought us chicken salad sandwiches.
***
One week later, I found I could move around a lot better as long as I was careful not to twist or turn at all. All of my motions had to be calculated. Once I returned home, Martha told me about Dorothy. I was sad for about a minute, but the news didn’t shake the new wonderful feeling that had grabbed hold of me. We were lucky that harvest was still over a month away as I was in no shape for hard work. It was going to be a challenge with everything that needed to be done, but Martha told me not to worry. She said she was stronger than the hands of three men, and I didn’t doubt that for a second. I told her I could help cook and she laughed at me. 
I was worried that the week away from Ilene would lead to her parents keeping her from me. Would they set rules? Rules she couldn’t break? 
But we had agreed to meet under the bridge at 9:00 p.m. Today was Thursday, and our meeting was for Saturday.
***
Mountie had been skittish since the incident. It took me hours to gain his trust back, as he always backed away from my extended hand. After some gentle pets, he allowed me to place a saddle on him without any fuss. But when I tried to get on, he’d pull away. I coaxed him in with some carrots and climbed on top while he chewed. I stroked his mane and he whinnied and huffed but remained still. I walked him around the yard for about half an hour and it seemed that trust had been regained.
I decided to go for it. He argued at times along our journey, bending over to eat long grass along the edges of the ditch, slowing down often to a turtle’s pace, so I just let him go about as he felt necessary. The second half of the trip was much smoother as we broke into a slow trot that was a nice comfortable pace for both of us. 
When we reached the field with red lilies, we were both parched and in need of a hefty drink. We quenched our thirst with delight, and afterward, I was able to take in my surroundings. I stood along the edge of a wheat field, looking down at the flowers.
The crops looked healthy over there, but much like us, in need of a healthy shot of rain. The scenery was as perfect as perfect gets. Green and gold with the glowing sun resting in the backdrop. Off to the right sat an old, faded red barn. 
I picked a lot of them but made sure to leave enough for the next love-struck man.  
 






33

I rested the bouquet of flowers along the slab of concrete underneath the bridge—still an awful joke that I shouldn’t have played with, but it had become our thing. I hid along the back side and waited. Just as I checked my father’s pocket watch, I heard her approach, footsteps weighted like feathers. She was five minutes early. My heart was hammering.
My back rested against one of the beams of the bridge on the outside. I heard her step underneath, out into the middle where I had set her flowers. I walked around the other side and took a deep breath before stepping out to surprise her. 
Her eyes were glowing, her nose buried in the flowers. She stood in the shadows, but the darkness wasn’t enough to hide her beauty. I told myself to settle down but there was no use. She walked toward me. I knelt on one knee and reached into my pocket. She stopped. 
I had gone to the local jeweler in town. Shamefully, I asked for the cheapest ring he had in the store. He told me not to worry and brought out the second cheapest ring in the store that had twice the clarity. He only made me pay twenty dollars on the spot and agreed to let me pay the remaining thirty dollars after harvest. 
Ilene was frozen stiff as I waited with the ring box opened. She inched her way out of the shadows and it dawned on me that I had no idea if I would lead with something before asking her to marry me. I had been too busy worrying about what her answer would be that I had no clue what to say. 
She stared down at the ring. Her hands folded around the front of her neck. She sniffled and she looked up at me, waiting. I asked. 
She said yes and extended her shaky hand, and I fumbled a bit trying to slide the ring on. It was a little big, but she pulled it all the way to the base of her finger and wrapped her arms around me. Her cheek rubbed against mine as we pulled back far enough for our lips to touch. She sunk into my arms and we kissed. I was happy.
Mountie was there waiting for us with the buggy. I talked her ear off until about halfway when she realized she’d left the flowers behind. I told her that they weren’t from me, they were from William.
***
What followed did not involve strictly sunshine and rainbows. Her parents still didn’t approve and they became more outraged when we spoke of moving away, to BC possibly. In the defense of her parents, she did have an excellent relationship with her doctor in Moose Jaw, but I’m sure there were plenty of good ones out there too. I kept pushing for the move because I knew it was what she wanted, but she needed the push.
She continued living with her parents during our engagement while I was busy with harvest. That didn’t make things any easier. 
I got in late one night, ready to crash face-first into my pillow, and Ilene was there chatting with Martha at the dinner table. 
“Hey. What are you doing here so late?” I asked.
“I need to talk to you.” It sounded like bad news.
“Okay.”
Martha rose from her chair. “It’s time for bed. I’ll see you in the morning.”
“Is everything all right?” I asked. 
“Billy . . . I don’t need to travel the world. I don’t even know if I want to.”
“You’re just scared, that’s all. It’s a good thing.”
“You belong here. You love farming. I know you do.”
She wasn’t wrong, but it didn’t mean I couldn’t love doing something else. “I want whatever you want.”
“My parents. They once told me they didn’t want me living out in the country on some farmer’s front porch. They said it like it was such a horrible thing. But what they’d done is they’d planted an image in my mind. And the more I thought about it, the more I liked it. It made me feel good. I want to live on your front porch. Out here.”
“This is what you want?”
“Very much. If you’ll have me?”
“I’ll have you.”
For the first time, she spent the night in my bed. I liked the idea of her being there when I woke up.






34
One year later.

Sheriff Mills looked onward as some of his men cleared out the moonshining equipment from Sinclair’s shed. The premise had been officially vacated for six months, but they wanted to wait until summer to clear it all out. They had been busy anyhow, cracking down on other shining outfits in the province, many of which were also growing and selling cannabis. 
Things were tidied up in town. The tunnels, though used much less over the past five years, were cleared, the laundering businesses officially all closed down. Mills took the blame, and the spotlight that came with it, for the murders of all the Sinclair men. He notified the boys in Saskatoon and Regina that he’d been building a case against them when things went south. It wasn’t true, but it was enough. They didn’t seem overly concerned.
He looked out back behind the two sheds and noticed that a portion of their field had been flattened out. There was a fence put up there that appeared to be a backstop of a baseball field. 
Given the criminal activity, the land was now owned by the government for the time being. Mills pulled his weight as much as he could, and eventually the government granted Billy Bronson the right to rent half the land. Sinclair’s shell of a house would soon be swept away, along with the rest of it.
Jeremy walked out of the shed with a double-walled boiler, barely keeping the hunk of steel upright in his slender arms. Mills jumped in and helped him load it into the trailer. He turned to go back. “Hold up. We’re full here. You come with me into town, and then we’ve got a road trip.”
“Where to?” Jeremy’s badge shined brighter than Mills’. 
“North. Past Prince Albert. You ready?”
“Ready.”
They drove away, down Copperhead Road.
***
I had spent the entire day threshing. Eighteen hours just to do it all over the next day. I was running on about four hours of sleep per night which had been fine, but I could feel a tipping point coming, in which I would need an additional two hours per night if I wanted to be worth a damn during the day. Now that I had both Martha’s land to help with along with my own, I needed a right-hand man. Next year I would have to find someone.
I killed the engine and decided to leave it where it sat and use the walk to stretch out. The smell of harvest brought a smile to my face, despite how tired I was. I checked my pocket watch: 1:03 a.m. I admired the land with each step. When I reached the end of the field, the porch light caught my eye.
We had built a small home halfway between Martha’s and the Sinclair land. It wasn’t anything too fancy, but it was a close representation of what I’d had with Pops all those years ago. Our border collie, Walter, ran down the drive when he saw me. He laid his soggy baseball at my feet and I threw it toward the house. He ran back in seconds.
Ilene was on the porch, curled up with a book. She’d probably read it before. She liked rotating through her favorites. Those were her ‘nighttime reads.’ 
A kiss, some lemonade, and we were off to bed. It looked like rain tomorrow. Maybe we’d head into town.  





Acknowledgments
Special thanks to the town of Carrot River and all of those who helped raise me.








About the Author

Brandon Enns is a novelist and award-winning screenwriter. Brandon’s stories are suspenseful thrillers, mysteries, and dramas which often feature a gritty and damaged protagonist.
Novel or film, he simply enjoys a good story and feels inclined to write some of his own. When he isn’t writing, he is likely playing or watching sports. He is strongly considering competing in ping-pong at the national level.
Brandon currently lives in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
Visit www.brandonenns.com for more information on Brandon, his upcoming novels, and more importantly, prize giveaways.







Other Novels

Loss of the Decade
The Night is Cold
Islanders
Walking with Mr. Smith
www.brandonenns.com
Facebook.com/BrandonEnnsNovels/
Instagram@ennsbrandon
Twitter@brandon_enns
