El Diablo


By G. A. Bartel and Tom Bartel


Copyright 2011 Tom Bartel

Smashwords Edition



Smashwords Edition License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. The ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the work of this author.



Dedication

When my brothers and I were young, the typical family vacation consisted of throwing a baby mattress in the back of the station wagon for the three of us to wrestle on, packing too much gear in a top carrier, and heading west from Council Bluffs to the mountains of Colorado for a week of camping, horseback riding, and a non stop stream of stories from my Dad.
The stories revolved around two themes: “Art Bartel, the One-Man Division,” which was about his exploits in World War II, and “When I was a Cowboy,” also based upon Dad’s over stimulated imagination.
The yarns usually were spun as we rolled down the highway with the windows open both to cool us off and to expel the cigarette smoke. The radio was no good. It was before the days of FM, and certainly before we ever had air conditioning in the car. It was loud from the 50 mile per hour wind, but we three boys moved up from the back end to the back seat and managed to stop wrestling long enough to listen.
One summer, the story was El Diablo, and it was pretty similar to what you have here. Of course, we had to wait to the end of the trip to actually learn that Dad was El Diablo, and that Mom was Pilar, and that our grandfather was El Patrón. I’m not sure that my youngest brother Matt has ever gotten over the shock of learning that the big old man he though of as Pa Pa had been a famous outlaw.
So, here is Dad’s story, with a little embellishment, punctuation, and Spanish color from me. 
Thanks to my wife, Kristin, for reading, editing, and commenting on the manuscript. Thanks to my niece, Carly Bartel, who conceived and painted the cover art, and to my sister-in-law Sandy Bartel, who did the typography. Thanks to my own children, Matt and Jane, for putting up with the stories I concocted for their benefit over the years. And especially, thanks to my mother, Colleen, for putting up with all my Dad’s lies—I mean stories—for fifty-nine years.
And thanks to Dad for being the best. He died last year. I miss the hell out of him.
Tom Bartel
June 2011





Ben Wayne sat on the front porch of his cabin staring out over the slow moving brown water of the Rio Grande. His short black boots rested on the log railing and his hands were idly fingering his watch chain. He was wearing his typical boot cut Levis and a plaid wool shirt. His black Stetson was tipped back on his head to reveal a shock of thick black hair, which was beginning to show a little silver above the ears. On the table next to him was a pipe, which showed the marks of where he had chewed it since he quit smoking a few months ago. There was half a cup of cold coffee in a ceramic mug, forgotten as he pondered his current dilemma.
Chris Edmonds had written him at the city house in San Antonio last week and told him that Ben’s son Matt had called to ask a few questions about some documents he’d found among his mother’s personal items in the Oberto family home near Lajitas in the Big Bend country. Matt, it seems, had found his grandfather’s diary and his ledger books. Chris told Ben that he’d deflected the questions as well as he could.
“I told him that, if there were any more information about El Patrón, it would be buried deep in old files at Ranger headquarters in Austin,” Chris told Ben. “But I don’t think that’s going to stop him checking into it. And I hear your other son Tom has been at the University library going through oral history documents to see if anyone had any stories about El Patrón or El Diablo. I understand he’s found a couple of references in the transcripts from some old Rangers and an Indian or two. You should have never let that kid be a nosy newspaperman, Ben. I’m pretty sure his next call is going to be Cap Reasoner.” 
Ben got to Cap first.
Cap Reasoner was now on his way to Ben’s cabin. Ben was sure Cap would keep his knowledge of El Diablo and El Patrón to himself, but he also knew that Tom and Matt had assembled quite a bit of information from pawing through Señor Oberto’s diaries and the library archives to fuel their questions. And he knew that Tom didn’t stop until he got the story he was after. He didn’t always publish everything he knew—no good reporter did—but nevertheless Ben wasn’t sure that this story wouldn’t be bigger than either of them could control.
It took Cap a day’s train ride and another two hours on horseback to reach Ben’s cabin. Ben saw the dust whirls kicked up by Cap’s horse just as he heard the older man holler, “Hello the house.”
“I knew you’d seen me before I yelled,” said Cap as he dismounted, “but I wanted to make sure you knew I was friendly. I have some recollection of you when you ran into fellows who weren’t.” His eyes, wrinkled almost shut by 75 years of sun, still sparkled with his smile. The upturned corners of his mouth though, were hidden behind that big moustache he’d had since Ben had first met him so many years ago.
“Coffee?” offered Ben. 
“No thanks,” said Cap. “I never thought coffee was much good for washing down road dust. But, I’ll take a beer if you’re not too much of a sissy to have one in your cool cellar.” 
Ben got Cap the bottle, opened it and set it on the table. “There you go, you old grouse,” said Ben. 
“Didn’t Pilar come with you?” asked Cap.
“No,” laughed Ben. “She took great pleasure in reminding me that I’d got myself into this mess by being such a hard case, and now I was going to have to get myself out of it. I thought of telling her that she had a lot of nerve calling me a hard case, but I thought better of it. It’s one thing I’ve learned in the last thirty years: Don’t challenge Pilar Oberto to a duel of wits. I always feel like I’m completely unarmed.
“So Cap, put your feet up and tell me what I should do. You’re almost as good at that as she is, as I recall,” Ben continued.
“I shouldn’t have had to come all the way the hell out here to tell you what you already know,” said Cap. “Pilar is right. You did some hard things, and, until now, only a couple of people know about them, and we’ve all kept our mouths shut. The only written records I know of are a couple of reports I noted long ago of some bodies we’d found lying around this part of Texas that we couldn’t explain. Of course, a couple of them carried some reference to El Diablo. Whoever he was, he wasn’t very subtle, at least until later.”
“Yeah, whoever he was, he must have been pretty stupid as a young man,” said Ben. “It’s amazing he didn’t get caught.”
“You know your boys, and you know they love you and their mother. You also know that they’ve got to be what they are because of the way you both are—stubborn as hell. On top of that, they got their mother’s intelligence. You might as well tell them the story for a couple of reasons: they’re going to find out anyway is one of them. The other is that they will understand what happened. You raised them. You can trust them.”
Ben didn’t answer Cap right away. He removed his hat and dropped it on the porch and walked inside to get Cap another beer. When he came back out, he carried Cap’s bottle in his right hand, but with his left he was still fingering his watch chain and the gold nugget attached to it.
“I guess you’re right, Cap,” he said. “We’re scheduled for our annual get together in Colorado next month. I’ll tell them then.”




1

Our piece of west Texas wasn’t very big, but it was enough for us. Us was my mother, my brother Bill, and our hired man, Álvaro. My Dad died when I was four, so I really didn’t remember him that well. We didn’t really know how he died. He always came home at dusk for supper, but one day he didn’t. After an hour or so, Mom and Bill went out to look for him. They found him around midnight. They told me he’d fallen off his horse, which was odd, Bill said, because Dad was such a good horseman. Bill told me the horse was still standing near Dad when they found him. Could have been his heart gave out, or the horse could have been spooked by a snake, or something like that. But Bill said Dad was just lying there peacefully, like he was sleeping. He might have had a broken neck, but we didn’t really ever know.
Bill was three years older than I, so, for as long as I recall, he was the one doing the bossing. Mom wasn’t much of a boss. She just quietly told both of us what needed to be done and expected that we’d do it. And if we wanted to eat, we did.
Álvaro had joined us a couple of years earlier. He was riding through from Juárez on a sad looking mule, wearing an even sadder looking straw sombrero. He stopped to ask for water and ended up staying. I had no idea how old he was—other than he looked a lot older than Mom. That was because he looked as though the sun had been at his face with a sharp chisel; the lines radiating from his eyes looked about an inch deep.
Our house was quite handsome. When my parents had first come to this land, wood was too scarce to use for building materials other than doors and window frames. But over the years, whenever they’d got a little ahead by selling some cattle, Dad took the heavy wagon into Saragosa and came back with a load of timber. Over the years, he’d built quite a nice—but small—house. There was one big room in front that served as the parlor, dining room and kitchen. On one end there was a fireplace and a stove that both fed into the same brick chimney. In the back were two more rooms. The smaller was Mom’s bedroom, and the larger was Bill’s and mine. The only things on the walls were some rough shelves for the dishes, some hooks for pots and pans near the stove, and some pegs that had been stuck above the door to hold Dad’s Henry rifle. In our room, I’d thrown a board over two stacks of bricks to serve as a bookshelf. 
Álvaro slept in a lean-to he’d attached to the back of the barn. He had decorated it himself with a few saints’ images he’d carved out of cottonwood root. He’d stuck them into niches in the mud wall and he occasionally burned a candle or two in front of them. He also had an odd skeleton statue he’d made from creek bottom mud and fired hard in a mesquite fire. He had painted it white with a ghastly red-lipped smile. He called it Catrina and told us that it was to remind him that death was coming to us all, and every now and then you had to remember to laugh about it. Mexicans are strange sometimes.
Most nights, Álvaro would sit in his room, pluck at his guitar, and sing sad songs we didn’t understand. When he had a little money, he’d ride into Saragosa and come back with a jug of mescal that he called El Suicida. He got kind of a silly grin on his face when he said that, but then he’d disappear into his lean-to and the sad guitar would start and we wouldn’t see him until morning.
We had a few dozen steers, a bull or two, and a couple of milk cows meandering around our hundred or so acres. Since there weren’t any fences except for the corrals around the barn, we didn’t really know or care exactly how much land was ours. We had a boar and a sow and a new litter of piglets in the sty out behind the barn. We also had a few dozen chickens that kept us supplied with eggs and chicken dinners on Sundays. Most of the work around the place consisted of milking, herding the steers from patch to patch as the grass wore out, and taking the occasional shot with the Henry at coyotes that were bold enough to come around the chicken yard or pig sty.
A stream ran out of the mountains, through our range and past our front porch. It widened out into what could generously be called a lake about a mile down the hill from the house. The lake provided come catfish and bass when we had time to catch them. Bill wasn’t much for fishing, but I enjoyed it. Or at least I enjoyed sitting in the shade of the cottonwoods that lined the lake and watching the ripples spread as the bass jumped for flies in the early evening. Every now and then, I was able to coax a few onto my line for Mom to dredge in flour and egg and fry in some butter or bacon grease. She had a special recipe that I really liked. She’d marinate the fish in some vinegar for a while then put a small slab of back bacon in the belly of the fish as she fried it. That was good.
I woke on January 15, 1874 just like I did every other day since I could remember—to the aroma of bacon and eggs that would be ready soon, and that would be gone into Bill’s belly if I didn’t roll out of bed quick and get moving. Mom always got up an hour earlier than we did and had fed the chickens, gathered the eggs from last night, rekindled the fire in the stove, rolled out some biscuit dough, sliced up some bacon, and started it all cooking before she expected us to start moving. Bill, as usual, had bounced out of bed a few minutes ahead of me and was sitting at the table, talking to Mom, and making his plan for his and my and Álvaro’s day.
It was my nineteenth birthday, and other than some general good wishes and maybe a gooseberry pie for dessert at dinner, I didn’t expect the day to be any different from the usual. Pigs needed feeding, cows needed milking, strays needed chasing, and none of those ornery animals seemed to care that this was the anniversary of such a blessed event as my birth.
As Bill, Álvaro and I were finishing sopping up the last of the egg yolk with the last of Mom’s biscuits, Bill asked what I had planned for such an auspicious day. “Not much,” I said. “I wanted to check on some of those beasts that were last seen wandering toward that mesquite thicket on the north side. They get in there and it’s a pain in the neck to get them out.” 
“I got a better idea, kid,” said Bill. “Why don’t you let me and Álvaro wrangle those stupid cows today and you spend the day in your usual fruitless quest to stop daydreaming long enough to catch us some fish for dinner? While you’re at it, why don’t you read a book under that big cottonwood and tell us the story while we’re having our pie after dinner tonight? Now get out of here and let the big boys handle the real work.”
Bill gave Mom a kiss, and he and Álvaro took their plates to the washbasin and headed out to the corral to get their horses. I gave Mom a kiss, too, and followed them out the door. To my surprise, my sorrel mare was already saddled and Bill had stuck my fishing rod under the back of the saddle and tied my creel onto the side with the saddle strings. “Don’t come back ‘til you catch something,” he shouted as he disappeared into the tack room to get his own gear.
“I may not come back at all,” I shouted back as I swung up into the saddle and kicked the mare into a trot down the hill toward the lake.
It was warm for a January day and I lost no time getting to the lake, getting the line in the water and opening my book. I also lost no time in falling asleep. I woke up now and then to the tug of the pole, which I’d lodged between a round stone and the ball of my foot. I’d wrassle the bass for a bit. Sometimes they won, sometimes I did, and by late afternoon I had six nice fish. I gutted them, wet some bankside moss in the lake and packed them into my creel—a layer of moss alternating with a layer of fish. They were going to taste great fried over a smoky mesquite fire with that bacon stuck in the middle.
The winter sun was getting pretty low and all the landscape was turning a light shade of purple as I crested a little rise and the house came into view. In front of the house were several men on horseback and a couple more on foot. I squinted into the dusk and could see Álvaro’s body sprawled in the dust at the corner of the barn. I couldn’t see Mom, but I could see Bill. He was tied by his wrists and was strung up over the big branch of the live oak tree in the front of he house. There was a tall man with a pistol in one hand and a short quirt in his other standing in front of Bill.
“Tell me where you’ve hid your gold you smart ass or you’ll get what the Mex got,” he snarled.
I jumped off my horse and quick turned her around back behind the hill where the men couldn’t see me. I tied her to a mesquite bush then scrambled in a crouch back up to the top of the hill where I could just see the tall man hit Bill again with the quirt. “You haven’t got much more time,” he yelled again. “We’re going to find it anyway, so you may as well save yourself some pain and tell us.”
“We don’t have any gold,” Bill said through his split lips. “If we had gold, do you think we’d live way out here like this?”
The tall man reached up and seemed to grab the front of Bill’s shirt. He pulled his fist up in front of Bill’s face and came away with Bill’s gold nugget pendant. Bill had got it from a prospector a couple of years back in return for a couple of chickens and a run down mule. Bill had drilled it and put a small chain through it. He said he wore it as sort of a joke about how rich he was. 
“If you don’t have any gold, what’s this?” the tall man sneered. Bill told him the story of the prospector, but the tall man just turned slowly toward the house.
“Karnes, bring out the woman,” he said. The man called Karnes pulled Mom by her arm out the door onto the porch and threw her down the step onto the ground. The tall man looked up at Bill again, “Now tell us what we want, or I’m going to have Karnes shoot your mama. This is your last chance.”
Bill spit some blood and said calmly. “I told you we don’t have any gold. We have some cattle and some pigs and some chickens. That’s all. You’re welcome to them.”
“Sorry, not good enough,” said the tall man. He turned to Karnes and nodded. Karnes pulled his revolver and shot Mom in the chest. She fell hard to the ground. She whimpered as she crawled one step and tried to get to her knees. Karnes shot her again in the back and she stopped moving.
Bill started swinging violently forward and back on the rope. “You cowardly son of a bitch,” he screamed as he managed to lash out with one boot and catch the tall man a glancing blow to his left ear, which ripped half of it off his head. The man dropped the whip and raised his hand to his bloody left ear. He turned toward Bill, lifted his pistol with his right hand and shot him in the face. 
Bill twitched briefly and then his body went limp and swayed a couple of times from side to side.
“Hey Karnes, maybe they really didn’t have any gold after all,” he said.
He reached up and hung Bill’s chain back on his bloody head. “If it means that much to you, I guess you’d better keep it,” he laughed.
“Gotta give the kid something though, Slade,” said Karnes. “He took a chunk out of you.”
“Yeah, for all the good it did him,” said Slade, as he took his bandana from around his neck and wrapped it around his ear. “I do think we should take him up on his offer to take his cattle, though. Jessup, Rico, Riley, round up those horses in the corral and grab the cattle you can find. Peterson and Simmons, you check the barn to see if there’s anything worth taking in there. Willis, you see if you can chase down the kid’s horse that ran off.”
The other men did what they were told and started moving the horses. The man called Willis rode off to the east, where Bill’s horse must have run.
“And be quick about it. El Patrón doesn’t like to be kept waiting,” Slade called out as he stepped up onto his own saddle and lazily started off toward the west.
I thought my choking sobs were loud enough that the men would turn to the hill and be after me next, but it was only the screaming in my own head that was deafening me. The men made a quick pass through the barn and the house, rounded up a few steers and the two milk cows, and headed off to the west, stopping only long enough to make sport of shooting a few of our chickens and the boar as they rode through the yard.
As they disappeared into the dusk, I put my head in my arms and cried like a baby. I don’t know how long I lay on the hill before I walked back down to get my horse and led him up to the house. I took my knife that I’d used to clean the fish and cut Bill down onto my shoulder and lay him gently on the ground.
I walked over to where Mom had fallen and looked at the hole in her back. The second bullet had hit her right in the spine and had passed through her heart, so I knew that she hadn’t suffered much. Álvaro had been shot in the back of the head and the bullet had come out through his jaw. His face looked oddly like his Catrina. “I hope you had time for that last laugh at death you always talked about,” I said to him as I rolled him onto his back and covered his face with his old straw sombrero.






2


I walked into the house and took the blankets off Mom’s and Bill’s beds. I wrapped one around Bill and carried him in and laid him on Mom’s bed. I wrapped Mom’s body in the other one and laid her next to Bill. She was so small and light compared to my big brother.
I wrapped Álvaro in the blanket I took from the floor in his room. He’d spent all that time carving those saints and the Catrina, I wondered why he’d never taken time to make himself a bed frame. I wrapped his wooden saints in the blanket with him and buried him in a hole I dug near the top of the hill.
I went back to the house and into my room. I picked up my other two shirts, another pair of Levis, some socks, and a kerchief, and wrapped them in a towel from the kitchen. From Bill’s chest I took his Army Colt pistol and holster belt with the knife sheath on it. From under his bed I pulled out his rifle scabbard. Dad’s Henry rifle that was usually above the front door was gone.  I put it all down by the front door while I went back for more provisions.
From the kitchen barrel I scooped out a generous sack of flour. I took coffee and a sack of beans from the cupboard and a side of bacon from the larder. I picked up a frying pan and the coffee pot from the stove. I went to the barn, grabbed a couple of gunnysacks and put everything but the scabbard into them and tied them shut with some short lengths of rope.
I went back into the barn and reached my hand deep into the grain barrel and came up with my Mason jar bank with twenty-eight silver dollars. I transferred them to a deerskin bag and put that in my jacket pocket.  I brought up my horse and tied her to the porch post. I pulled the fishing pole out of the saddle strings and untied the creel with my six bass and threw them on the ground in front of the porch. I then tied the two gunnysacks over the horse’s rump behind the saddle. I tied the empty scabbard onto the right side of the saddle and led the horse over to the corral rail and tied her up.
I opened the chicken coop and the gate to the pigsty to let the animals out. Eventually they were probably going to be meals for the coyotes, but at least they wouldn’t starve shut up in their pens. I then went back into the house to Mom’s room.
I pulled back the blanket to take one last look. She seemed like she was sleeping. I straightened her bloodstained dress and picked a wisp of straw from her hair. I couldn’t stand to look at Bill’s shattered face as I reached down and removed the chain and nugget from around his neck. I wiped the blood off of it and put it around my own neck and tucked it inside by shirt. I took his hand and made him a promise. 
I covered them both with the quilt from the chest at the end of Mom’s bed. I took two lamps from the front room and emptied the oil from one onto the quilt. The oil from the other I splashed around the room. I took the oilcan from the kitchen shelf and spread half of its contents around the front room and dribbled a trail out the front door. The rest I threw around the barn.
I lit the lamp we kept in the barn with a match and tossed it into the pile of straw in the front stall. I untied my horse from the corral rail and walked her back toward the house. I went in one more time to take a look at Bill and Mom under the quilt. I tossed another match onto the quilt and walked out the front door.
I rode south into the night, the road illuminated only by the dancing flames engulfing the lives behind me.






3


I rode south until it was too dark to continue. I found a flat spot near the lake, unsaddled my horse, hobbled her loosely, and left her to find some grass. I rolled up in my blanket, put my head on the saddlebags and looked up at the stars. I rolled over in my mind the names and faces of all the men who’d killed Mom and Bill. I concentrated on picturing each one of them individually—what each face looked like, how big they were, and what kind of clothes they wore. After I was sure I’d fixed them all in my mind, I tried to sleep.
When I awoke in the morning, I started a small fire. While it began to burn, I walked down to the lake and dipped some water to make coffee and to fill my canteen. I fried up some bacon and then some bread in the bacon grease. I ate most of it and made a sandwich from the rest and wrapped it in some brown paper for a trail lunch. I washed out the pan in the lake with some sand, saddled my horse and started down the road.
As I rode, I gently fingered the walnut grips of Bill’s Colt. It was big and heavy on my leg and eventually I took off the belt and shoved the gun and holster into one of the saddlebags. I was a good shot with the rifle, but knew nothing of pistols. They weren’t much good against coyotes or deer and I’d never practiced with it. I knew, though, that I was going to start practicing soon.
I kept repeating the names and the descriptions of the men to myself as the horizon bobbed in my vision and began to turn dusky purple. I rode for two more days and saw no sign of anyone else on the road except for the dust of some Indian hunting party off to the east. I turned my path a bit to the west to give them a wide berth. On the third day, as I figured I was approaching San Miguel, I came upon the ruins of a Spanish mission.
The ceiling had long since crumbled into a pile of mud bricks, but the arches and much of the walls still stood. Oddly, the campanile built into the front wall was intact and the bell still hung from its wooden yoke. The old sisal bell rope was still attached. 
I poked around in the ruins. All the benches had long since been removed. I guessed they had been used for firewood or reworked into crude furniture for the poor Mexicans who had built adobe huts around here. Under a trap door into what must have been the chapel’s crypt, I found a smashed barrel, a couple of rusted hammers, and a small tin. I opened the tin with my knife and saw it was full of a black liquid. I pushed a piece of barrel stave into the liquid and stirred. As it became thinner and began to release its odor, I realized it was paint.
I used my knife to strip off a flat piece of wood from the branch of a nearby cottonwood. I smashed the end of the stick with a rock until it splayed into hair-like fibers resembling a brush. I dipped the end into the tin and tried it against a piece of the whitewashed adobe wall. It made a clean line.
I moved up to the front wall and began to write the names I couldn’t forget. 

SLADE  KARNES  PETERSEN
JESSUP  SIMMONS  RILEY
RICO  WILLIS

I stood back and looked at my work in the fading sunlight. As I read each name, I pictured the man in my head. As I fingered Bill’s nugget around my own neck, I stepped forward and began to write more above the names:
HELL AND THE DEVIL AWAIT THESE FIENDS WHO TORTURED AND MURDERED AN INNOCENT FAMILY—EL DIABLO.
I tossed my brush aside and made ready to stay the night out of the wind within the mission walls. As I rolled out my blanket I thought of how long it would take to be ready for my revenge.






4


The next morning I rode into the little town called Alpine. I asked everyone I saw if they knew of any work I could do. Finally, the owner of the livery stable pointed me toward the Lazy E ranch south of town. “I know Mr. Edmunds just acquired some more range and bought a large herd of cattle from a Mexican from down on the Rio Grande. He’s probably looking for a few hands.”
I thanked him and turned out of town to the south. A couple of hours later I rode under a large gateway which broke up a fence row that spread in both directions as far as I could see. I rode through it and eventually approached a large two-story house that was surrounded by a garden of flowers, several shade trees and even a white picket fence. As I rode into the yard, a tall man with silver hair and a bushy white moustache was just coming out the front door with a mug of coffee in his hand. Under his arm were what looked like ledger books. As he sat down at the porch table, I called to him, “Howdy sir, are you Mr. Edmunds?”
“I am, son,” he said through his smile. “And now, who are you?”
“I’m Ben Smith,” I said. I didn’t want to reveal my last name just yet, in case the killers might find out that they hadn’t completed their job. “And I’m looking for work.”
“Well, Ben Smith, why don’t you step off that horse and come up here and have a cup of coffee with me and tell me what you can do?” said Mr. Edmonds. “Concha,” he called into the house. “Por favor, traiganos otra taza de café.”
As we waited for the woman to bring the coffee, I told Mr. Edmunds a little about my background, but didn’t elaborate on the real reason I’d left home.
“I can do anything that needs doing around I ranch,” I said. “I can chase and rope and brand cattle. I can work the land, although I don’t relish it. I can set fence posts. I can do hostler work and a little blacksmithing. And I can shoot a rifle better than most, if you have varmints that need thinning.”
“You’re going to have trouble with that last job with that empty scabbard,” said Mr. Edmunds as he lifted his cup toward my horse. 
“Yes sir,” I said. “I lent my rifle to a friend, and he hasn’t been too diligent about returning it yet. But I expect to get it back from him soon.” 
“Well, Ben I suppose that if we have any varmints that need shooting in the meantime, we can lend you a rifle,” he laughed. “But, I’m just the owner around here, Ben, and the man who actually does the hiring is my foreman, Hank Parvis. He’ll be coming in with the boys pretty soon and he’s going to have to talk to you first. But, if he approves, you can start in the morning. Anyway, you can have supper with us tonight and spend the night in the bunk house. For now, why don’t we just sit here on the veranda and enjoy the peace and quiet?”
“I’d sure appreciate that sir. I’ve been sleeping out and eating my own cooking for the past three days.” 
I was about to go on some more when Mr. Edmunds said, “You go on and put your horse in the corral and wash up and look around. I’ll send someone to find you when it’s time to eat.”
I already liked this soft-spoken man. I hadn’t had much chance to talk to people other than Bill, Mom and Álvaro in my life. I’d occasionally seen prospectors who wandered in from the west Texas mountains or saddle tramps riding the grub lines, but this man was different. There was something strong and yet peaceful about him. I already felt like he knew me, and that I could trust him.
I wandered around the house and barn and marveled at the order of the place. Several beds of flowers surrounded the entire house and in the back was a large vegetable garden full of tomatoes, lettuce, onions and green and red peppers. There was even a section of strong smelling plants I’d never seen before. Concha, the cook was out picking some leaves off as I walked by. “Hierbas,” Concha called them, “para dar sabor a la comida.” I had no idea what she was saying, but later figured out she used them to season her cooking. I’d never had any more seasoning on food than salt and pepper in my life.
As we sat down to a dinner of steak that she had marinated in those herbs and vinegar, and quick fried on a red hot griddle with strips of red and green pepper, strong onion and some bits of green chilis. These were all served alongside corn tortillas and a lettuce salad with tomatoes the size of cherries and sliced ripe avocado. I thought I’d never tasted such exotic and delicious food. Álvaro was the only other Mexican I knew, and he had certainly never prepared anything like this.
I was too busy eating to do much talking and Mr. Edmunds waited until I’d had three plates full before he gently asked me if I wanted some coffee and dessert on the veranda. 
“And while we’re out there, maybe you can tell me a little more about yourself, Ben Smith. I have a suspicion that your full mouth hasn’t been the only think keeping you quiet.
“But to be fair, I’m going to tell you a little about myself first,” he said as we sat down on the wicker chairs. 
He proceeded to tell me how he and his wife had come here from Indiana in 1858. “Texas was new country then,” he said, “and we wanted to be part of it. We fought off Indians and Mexican banditos. Of course, I guess they thought we were banditos too, since we started this ranch mostly with cattle we appropriated from across the Rio Grande. They’d steal them from us; we’d steal them back. Eventually they must have tired of it, or the Rangers dissuaded them, but eventually the cattle raids became less and less frequent until they have pretty much stopped. Now, I think we do lose some cattle now and then, but I’m pretty sure it’s now rustlers from this side of the border.
“At any rate, the ranch built up over time. My wife and I were happy. We had two sons, too,” he said as his voice trailed off. 
He just sat stone still in his chair and didn’t say anything for a few minutes. But eventually he started up again.
“I tried to talk them into staying here when the war broke out, but they just wouldn’t do it. Some stupid idea of honor or something like that. I tried to tell them that we were never going to have any slaves on our ranch and that it wasn’t our fight, but in the end I couldn’t stop them. They were both killed in the battle to retake Galveston port from the Union Army. And that broke their mother’s heart. She died about a month after we got the news.” I could see from his eyes that his heart had been broken, too.
“Now tell me about your family, Ben. I’ve got a feeling you have some sad stories, too.”
I’m sure I teared up a bit, too, as I told him that my family was all dead. I went into as little detail as I could about the way Mom and Bill had died. I only told him that they had died recently. I didn’t tell him how, or that it was only three days ago. After only a few brief sentences, I just stared into my coffee cup and swallowed hard a few times as I silently remembered once more the names of Slade and Karnes and the rest.





5

Mr. Edmunds and I both sipped our coffee in silence until we looked out toward the hills and saw some men riding toward the house. “Here come Hank and the boys,” he said. “Now we’ll have some talking.” Within a few minutes the men reached the vicinity of the house. All but one turned off toward the corral and bunkhouse but one, a shortish man with a graying red beard walked up on the veranda. 
“Hi, Chris,” he smiled. “Taking in another stray?” he asked, nodding in my direction.
Mr. Edmunds chuckled a bit as he got to his feet. I stood, too. “Hank, this is Ben, uh, Smith, and he says he’s a fair ranch hand. I told him you might be able to use him, but it’s up to you.” I stepped forward and shook Hank’s hand.
“Well, Chris, we can always use a willing hand around here. Ben, right now I’ve got a lot of things need doing around the buildings. Why don’t we start on those tomorrow, and if you do a good job, we’ll talk about making it permanent. The pay is two dollars a week, plus board and bunk with a mess of the orneriest bunch of dust chuggers you’ll ever meet. You fine with that?” 
“Yes, sir, Mr. Parvis,” I said. “I can start right now if you show me what you want me to do.” 
“First thing, kid, is we gotta get two things straight. Mr. Parvis was my old man. My name is Hank. Second, tomorrow will be soon enough. Most of that crap has been waiting to get done for a couple of months already. Another twelve hours won’t make no difference.”
I liked Hank already.
I had a second dinner with the men at a long rough table outside the bunkhouse. This dinner, though, was about twice as big and half as tasty as the one Concha had prepared for Mr. Edmunds and me. Steak, beans, potatoes and, because it was Friday, pie, all prepared by a chubby old man called Cookie. One of the men called him Burnie, but I didn’t get the joke until the blackened steak landed on my plate. 
“Burnie only knows two ways to cook a steak,” the man called Curly told me, “well done and charcoal.”
Nevertheless, I filled myself to bursting all over again, but all the time I was eating, I was thinking of Concha’s hierbas and wondering what I’d have to do to get to eat in the big house more often. At the least, I wanted her to teach me how she cooked so I could do for myself when that day came again.
In the morning, after Burnie’s basic breakfast of beans, bread and coffee, Hank sent the crew out to their various duties and led me to the barn. “Well, Ben, you’re low man here, so you get to muck the stalls today. I want to tell you that Curly is now the happiest man on the crew because, until you got here, he was the mucker. The good news, though, is that it won’t take too long because most of the horses have been out on the range with us the past few days. You only have to clean up after the ‘house’ animals and Mr. Edmund’s horse.”
“When you’re done with that, start on the tack room. That hasn’t been organized in a while, and I’m sure there’s some leatherwork needs doing. Concha will ring the bell when it’s time for lunch. You got any questions?”
“No sir,” I answered. “I’m sure I know how to muck the stalls, and if I have any questions on the rest, I’ll ask Mr. Edmunds, if that’s ok with you.”
“You do that, kid,” he smiled and turned to walk out of the barn.
I took a tour around the barn, found the rake, pitchfork and shovel and got to work on the stalls. I hauled the old muck out back and threw it on the compost heap. I used the shovel to loosen and level out the ground in the stalls a bit where the horses had dug it up with their hooves and I made a nice layer of bedding with new straw from the mow in back of the barn. While I was at it, I found a hammer and some nails in the tack room and made some quick repairs of some loose boards.
As I was pounding in the last nail, the clang of the dinner bell came from the back of the house. Burnie was out with the crew, so I had the pleasure of another of Concha’s meals, although this one was not as elaborate as the first. There was some cold beef, bread, and some lettuce and onion and a mug of apple cider sitting on the long table when I got there after washing up. Concha was standing on the back stoop wiping her hands on a dish towel and looking at me as I sat down at the plate. 
“You don’t get fajitas at every meal,” she laughed at me. “I’m not going to spoil you.” I was surprised she spoke English because until now I’d only heard her Spanish. “Of course, if I get to like you a little bit, I might spoil you later.” She gave another laugh and went back into the house. The beef was delicious and was pink in the middle, just like I like it.
As I chewed my sandwich, I made myself think of the faces of the killers again and began to formulate a plan of taking my revenge. I knew it would take time. I didn’t even have my rifle any more, and I was no good with a pistol. I knew I was only nineteen and wasn’t ready to face the task I’d set for myself. But I also knew that the longer I waited, the more likely the gang was to move out of the territory and be lost to me forever.
I planned to start on Sunday.





6


Sunday dawned clear and cool. Since it wasn’t a workday, the crew slept in, but I was up early. I got dressed as slowly and quietly as I could. As I finished pulling on my boots, I reached under my bunk and pulled out my saddlebags and lifted them to my shoulder. I eased the latch up on the bunkhouse door and walked the twenty yards over to the barn door and went in.
I opened the buckle of the right saddlebag and reached in and extracted Bill’s Colt, holster and cartridge belt.  I strapped on the belt and tightened it to the last hole. I then drew the revolver, pulled down the lever to release the cylinder and dropped the cartridges out of the cylinder into my hand. I put them in my pocket, reassembled the gun and dropped it into the holster.
I fiddled around with the height of the holster and where the gun sat on my hip. Eventually I decided I liked the holster a little forward on my leg and the butt of the gun low down at the end of my reach. I started practicing the draw from there. 
I practiced jerking the gun out of the holster as fast as I could and bringing the front sight to bear on the hay bales at the end of the barn. As I became confident of the draw, I added cocking and firing the empty Colt until my thumb was raw from the sharpness of the hammer and my hands were shaking with fatigue. I figured I’d been in the barn for about an hour when the breakfast bell rang. I turned around, put the gun rig back in the saddlebags and saw that Mr. Edmunds was standing in the barn doorway looking at me.
“You sure seem to be angry at that stack of hay bales, Ben,” he said. “Maybe you and I could talk a little after breakfast.” He turned and walked back to the house.
After the Sunday breakfast of bacon, eggs, biscuits, and gravy, I walked up on the front porch and knocked on the door. Mr. Edmunds came to the door carrying his cup of coffee. “Come in, Ben,” he said. “Let’s sit in the library.” We walked through the front room to a smaller room to the right. The room had a fireplace on one wall with a desk next to it. A simple straight-backed chair sat in front of the desk and the desk was piled with papers and ledger books. In front of the fireplace were two large leather armchairs with a small table between them. The room had a small row of windows at the top on two sides, and every inch of wall space that wasn’t occupied with the windows, the fireplace or the desk was lined with bookshelves. And they were full of books.
“Can you read, Ben?” Mr. Edmunds asked.
“Yes, sir, although I’m a little out of practice. We only had a few books at our home and after I’d been through them each a couple of times, I sort of got bored,” I said. 
“Well, it would probably take you a little time to get bored at all the books in here,” he laughed. “I just want you to know that this room is always open to you. You can borrow any book you like any time you like. There are a lot of stories in these books, and I think you’ll find that some of them are probably similar to yours or mine. My only proviso is that you come in now and then and discuss what you’ve read with me. Is that OK?”
“Mr. Edmunds, I have no idea what a ‘proviso’ is, but I sure do appreciate the offer. Have you got a favorite?”
Mr. Edmunds handed me The Leatherstocking Tales by James Fenimore Cooper. “These are some good adventures,” he said. “And the main character is a man who lost his family when he was young and had to make his own way against selfish bad men, Indians, and many other trials. If you don’t like it, bring it back. I’ve got lots to choose from. But remember, if you read it, you owe me a discussion.”
I thanked him and turned to leave. “One more thing, Ben, before you go. I know a little bit about pistol shooting. Would you let me give you a few tips before you ingrain a lot of bad habits? We can meet in the barn after work tomorrow if you like.”
“I’d appreciate that,” I told him.
I went back to the bunkhouse, relishing the book, but dreading the discussion. I didn’t know what to think about his offer to teach me to shoot.
The next evening we met in the barn as he promised. He arrived wearing a tooled black leather belt with three silver medallions on the left side and a similar one on the side of the holster. The holster was cut away about an inch and a half in the top of the front and the grooved top of the frame of the pistol was clearly visible. Mr. Edmunds’ gun, like mine, was an Army Colt, but was beautifully blued and had an intricate swirling inlaid silver design carved into the frame. The front sight had also been filed down to the barest remnant of the original blade. The grips were ivory and, like the gun frame, displayed the handiwork of a skilled Mexican artisan. 
“My friend Señor Oberto gave me this pistol and belt,” said Mr. Edmonds as he saw me staring at it. “It’s pretty fancy for the likes of me, but it was the gift of a friend, and you’ve got to admit, it’s pretty.
“But,” he continued, “a gun is just a tool, like a hammer, or a hoe, or a shovel. It can be used for good, or for bad. What matters is the man behind it. Alright, enough of the philosophy, let’s shoot.”
We went over the basics according to Edmunds. The first thing he told me made no sense when we started. He said, “Slow is smooth, and smooth is fast.” Then he showed me what he meant. First he moved my holster up from near my knee so the butt of the gun was hanging just below waist level, or as he put it, about half way between my wrist and elbow. We went from there to concentrating on clearing the leather, pointing the muzzle toward the target immediately as the gun cleared and cocking in the same motion as I tipped the barrel up. So, the gun was ready to fire much quicker than I had been able to do swinging it up on target in a big arc and cocking it as I went. As I got used to his method, I could see that I’d completely wasted my time yesterday doing it the wrong way. Other than the gun instruction, Mr. Edmunds and I didn’t talk much.
I practiced the draw and point method every day for an hour in the morning before chores and for an hour in the evening after dinner for the rest of the week. By the end of the day Friday, it felt as natural to me as pointing my finger. As I was putting the gun away in the Friday twilight, Mr. Edmunds came into the barn again and spoke. 
“Ben, I’ve got some supplies waiting for me in town that need to be picked up tomorrow. I want you to ride in with me. We can pick up some cartridges while we’re there. I think you’ve dry fired enough and are ready for some target practice with live ammunition” 




7

The ride into town on the freight wagon took more than three hours. Mr. Edmunds did most of the talking for the first part of the journey. He described his boys and his wife, and how they were both good workers and readers, and how his wife loved to laugh and tend her flowers and be with her “three boys,” as she called them. Finally, he came right out and asked, “Ben, would you like to talk about how your family died?”
I hadn’t realized how much I wanted to tell someone what had happened. I told Mr. Edmunds the whole terrible story of how I’d had to cower behind the hill while the gang shot Mom and Bill and Álvaro. I told him of burying Álvaro with his “saints” and of burning the house with Mom and Bill inside. And I told him about Bill’s nugget that was now around my neck.
I told him the men’s names and what they looked like, and I told him that I was going to kill them all. But I left out the part about painting the names on the mission wall. By the end of the tale, I was choking back sobs until my shoulders hurt.
Mr. Edmunds put his arm around my heaving shoulders and gave me a light squeeze. “That’s a terrible story, Ben, and I wouldn’t blame you for going after those men. But I want to give you three pieces of advice, and after that, I hope you’ll make me a promise. First, you’re not ready yet to go up against cold-blooded killers like those. If you do, you’re just going to get killed yourself. And second, I want you to consider letting the law handle it. We have Texas Rangers and I’m a good friend of the Captain of this district. Someday, I want you to meet him and tell him your story and let him and his men help. Now, I understand if you don’t want to do that now, but I want you to think about it. Finally, I know something of what you’re feeling. You can never get away from it. What matters is what you do with it.
“That all said, I want you to promise me that you’ll stay with us at the ranch for at least a year. You can practice your killing skills every day down by the creek, but if you’re determined to go after these men, I want you to postpone your revenge until you’re good enough not to get yourself killed with the first shot. I’ll even pay for your practice ammunition as part of your wages. Have we got a deal?”
“Yes, sir. We do.” I said. “I give you my word I’ll give you notice before I leave, and that it won’t be until we agree that I’m ready.”
I took him up on his offer of ammunition and practiced diligently every day. I moved targets in and out of easy range. I practiced turning as I shot, and I trained myself to always look behind me after every imaginary encounter. As Mr. Edmunds said, it’s not the guy you see that gets you; it’s the one you don’t see.
As the next fall turned into winter, I had got to the point where I could draw and hit a tin can set out at twenty-five yards. I could also toss a small stone into the air, draw and hit it about seven times out of ten. Mr. Edmunds also lent me a Henry rifle like the one Slade’s gang had taken from my house. With that, I never missed.
The days passed one like the other. If I wasn’t working, I was practicing. If I wasn’t practicing, I was reading. I’d already finished about ten books. Mr. Edmunds and I had our discussions and I told him I thought Colonel Munro in The Last of the Mohicans was awful stupid to put his daughters at risk like he did, and Mr. Edmunds laughed and said, “Sometimes authors have to have their characters do stupid things for a couple of reasons: one, it makes the story happen, and two, real people do stupid things all the time.
“Here’s a book I want you to read next,” he said as he moved toward his shelf. “It’s a book about a man who is obsessed by revenge and who does many stupid things because of his obsession. I’m not saying you’re like him, but nevertheless, it’s a ripping story.”
I’d never attempted to read a book as thick as this one before. I wasn’t exactly sure what a book about fishing for whales had to do with revenge, but I told him I’d give Moby Dick a try. 
I took the book down to the creek where I liked to practice and sat under a tree and started in. It was tough slogging, and after a while I tired of reading and my mind began to wander back to that day at our farm. I took a tablet out of my bag and wrote on the first page: SLADE. Under the name I wrote every thing I could remember about him—his face, his hat, his clothes, his Appaloosa horse. On the second page, I wrote KARNES, and did the same for him. I did the same for all the other men, one to each page. As I did my writing, I became more and more agitated. When I finished the pages, I threw the tablet into the stream. As it bobbed away from me, I drew the Colt and fired six times as fast as I could. All six shots missed the tablet.
I stepped back from the stream and thought of my anger. I couldn’t hit a thing. I forced myself to take several deep breaths in through my mouth and let them out through my nose. I rolled my head from side to side and then hunched my shoulders slowly a few times to loosen them up. I thought once more of what Mr. Edmunds had said: “Slow is smooth, and smooth is fast.”
As calmly as I could, I broke down the lever under the barrel of the Colt, withdrew the cylinder pin and removed the spent cylinder. From my vest pocket I pulled a loaded cylinder and reversed the process. I put the revolver back in the holster and took another slow breath. I thought of Slade’s face as I picked up a short stick from the stream bank and tossed it into the swift water. As it floated away from me, I drew the pistol again and fired six times, turning the stick into splinters with each shot. 
I holstered my gun, removed the gun belt and put it back in my saddle bags. From the bag, I pulled out the copy of Moby Dick and began to read again. I was now well into the voyage of the Pequod and the characters were becoming well known to me. Queequeg was the character I liked the most. He was the calm, deadly hunter who maintained his composure—and aim—amidst the roiling waters that surrounded him. I wasn’t happy that he’d already ordered his own coffin from the ship’s carpenter, but I figured that that was just the writer telling us that everybody dies sooner or later—sort of like Álvaro and his Catrina.




8

Saturdays were usually a day of reading and practicing for me, but the next Saturday afternoon I decided to join the rest of the ranch crew for their habitual trip to town to spend their pay in one of the town’s two saloons. I had never acquired the taste for whiskey, and Curly didn’t like it much more than I did. So we sat in one corner of the saloon and amused ourselves by playing checkers and laughing at the antics of our compañeros. But eventually I grew tired of this and decided to head back to the ranch. I wanted to get in my daily practice, and I wanted to finish Moby Dick.
As I was untying my horse from the rail in front of the saloon, a lone rider trotted into my view and tied his horse in front of Tibbets’ Saloon across the street. In the scabbard tied to his saddle was a Henry rifle—my Henry rifle. It was Jessup.
I followed him into the saloon. He ordered a beer and carried it over to a table in the corner, sat down, leaned his chair back on the wall and took off his hat and tossed it on the table in front of him. He removed the bandana from his neck and wiped it around his neck, face and hair before dropping it into his hat. Only then did he take a long draw from the mug of beer. I stood at the bar and ordered a beer and left it untouched in front of me as I studied him in the mirror over the bar.
He looked beaten. His boots were worn at the heels and the leather at the little toe of his left foot was showing a little of a dirty gray sock. His shirt was frayed at the cuffs and elbows and his trousers sported a couple of crudely sewn patches. He hadn’t shaved in days—maybe weeks.
As he finished his beer, I ordered another from the barman and carried it and mine over to his table. “I hate to drink alone,” I said as I put the full glasses down in front of him. “Mind if I buy the first round?”
“I guess not,” said Jessup. “But, I’m gonna be a little short when it comes my turn to buy. My luck hasn’t been too good lately.”
“No sweat,” I replied. “Mine’s been alright lately and maybe yours will improve soon. My name’s Wes Harris. What’s yours?” I used the name of a highwayman from Arkansas I’d heard of, and I figured Jessup had, too.
“Jessup’s my name, and I could certainly use some luck soon. And in the meantime, thanks for the beer.”
“Well Jessup, I think I might be able to help in the luck department, too,” I said.
We talked the usual small talk about where we’d been lately, and the grind of traveling with no place to land for a spell. I bought Jessup a couple more beers before I got to the point. “I think I know a way to make us both some easy money. It’s a two man job and will be a quick couple hundred bucks for each of us. Do you know the old mission ruins a couple of miles outside of town? Meet me there at ten o’clock tonight. I’m going to go now. I don’t want us to be seen together, if we’re going to do this job.” Jessup agreed to meet me at the mission at ten.
The half moon gave enough light to easily find the mission and I got there half an hour before Jessup, tied my horse a hundred yards down an arroyo and sat on my heels waiting for him to show. When he arrived, I told him I wanted to be sure he was up to the job.
“Have you ever been on a robbery or killing?” I came right out.
“Lots,” he said. “You don’t always start out to kill people, but sometimes it just happens when they don’t want to give up their goods.”
“Who have you worked with?” I continued.
“I’ve been on a few jobs with Orrin Slade, but things have been a little slow lately. The gang sort of broke up last year after one job we did that didn’t work out so well. I heard Slade was now working for El Patrón’s gang out of the Big Bend country. I was thinking of riding down there to see if I could find him.”
“Any of that gang still with him?” I asked.
“I heard a couple of the guys still were,” he said. “Guy named Karnes is a real hard case. There were a couple of others named Rico and Simmons and a couple more, too, that I don’t know what happened to. I ran into Peterson just a couple of weeks ago, though. He was selling about twenty steers at the railhead. I asked him where he’d got ‘em and he just laughed and said he’d found ‘em.”
“I heard of a guy named Willis rode with him, too,” I said.
“Odd you’d hear that,” said Jessup. “Slade had only picked him up the morning we did that last job, and he rode off afterwards and we never saw him again.” He paused for a few seconds. “What does all this have to do with the job you had in mind? And, how did you know about Willis? Do you know him?”
“Actually,” I said, “I do know him. I also know Slade and Karnes and the others. Let me show you something.” I scratched a match and lit a torch. “Follow me.”
I led Jessup into the ruins and stuck the torch into the ground in front of the campanile wall. “Can you read this?” I said.

SLADE  KARNES  PETERSEN
JESSUP  SIMMONS  RILEY
RICO  WILLIS

HELL AND THE DEVIL AWAIT THESE FIENDS WHO TORTURED AND MURDERED AN INNOCENT FAMILY—EL DIABLO.

“What the hell is this?” growled Jessup.
“Funny you should ask it like that,” I said. “Hell is where you’re headed and you’re going to get there tonight. You killed a harmless hired man, a woman and a young man for some non-existent gold. Remember this?” I said as I held up Bill’s nugget and let the light from the torch set it to glint in Jessup’s eyes.
“That was my brother and my mother and our hired man,” I said.
Jessup laughed. “And I suppose you’re El Diablo. Slade’s going to die laughing when I tell him this one.”
“I don’t think you’re going to be telling Slade anything,” I said. “But you are right about one thing. Slade is going to die, but I doubt if he’ll be laughing when he does.”
“You ever been in a gun fight, kid?” Jessup said. I could see sweat beading up on his brow below the brim of his hat.
“Not yet,” I said. “You’re my first.” I took a slow breath in through my mouth and let it out through my nose.
Jessup grabbed for his pistol. I drew and fired just as I’d practiced. My first shot hit him high in his chest and spun him sideways to me. The second shot entered his side and came out his back. His blood spattered on the wall, just under his name. He sat down hard and his head cracked back against the back wall. His eyes were still open and I could see bubbles from his shattered lungs in the blood that trickled out of his lips. He gasped a couple of times then slumped on his side.
I looked at him for a minute or two to be sure he was dead. I looked around the room until I found a stick. I smashed the end of it as I’d done before and dipped the end into Jessup’s blood and used it to strike through his name on the wall. As I walked to my horse, I had another idea.
I caught a goat grazing in the churchyard and used Jessup’s lariat to tie it to the bell rope. I moved the torch to a spot that put the goat between the torch and the wall. The flickering light cast an eerie shadow of the horned, bearded creature on the wall where Jessup lay under the legend I’d left.
I walked over to Jessup’s horse, retrieved my rifle, and tied it onto the back of my saddle. I went through his saddlebags, tossed his spare socks on the ground, and helped myself to a jackknife I found. Nothing else was worth keeping.
As I rode away, the goat began to pull on the rope and the bell began to ring. I heard the Mexican herder walk up to the mission to see what was causing the bell to ring. I could see his silhouette by the torch light cross itself repeatedly. “El Diablo,” he repeated. “El Diablo está aquí.”
The Devil is here.




9

I rode slowly back to town and joined the cowboys from the Lazy E at the saloon. Nobody bothered to ask where I’d been. They all figured I’d been off as usual reading a book somewhere. I rode back to the ranch with them after they’d had their fill of whiskey and pretended nothing was out of the ordinary as they stumbled their way into the bunkhouse. Soon, they were all snoring as I lay in my bunk and contemplated the evening’s work and plotted how I was going to pick up the trail of Petersen at the railhead.
I knew that I was going to have to leave the Lazy E if I was going to pursue Peterson and the rest. I wondered, too, if I’d eventually run across this El Patrón that Jessup had spoken of. A well-organized outlaw chief was more than I’d counted on. I decided I would have to tell Mr. Edmunds in the morning that I would be leaving soon.
After breakfast with the few men who’d managed to overcome their hangovers enough to make it to the table, I walked over to the house and knocked on the door. Mr. Edmunds answered it, as usual, with his big mug of coffee in his hand. “Come in Ben,” he said. “Are you ready to check out your next book yet?”
“No sir,” I said. “I’m just at the part where Ahab hears of Moby Dick from another captain and decides to leave the good hunting where they are and go after the whale…and that’s kind of the reason I wanted to talk to you. I’m afraid the time has come for me to go off on my own and do some things for myself. I guess I won’t have time to finish the book, so I’ll return it before I go.”
“When were you thinking of leaving?” he asked me.
“Well, I think the place is in pretty good shape, so I guess I could go most any time, if that wouldn’t inconvenience you and Hank too much,” I said. “I don’t want to leave you hanging.”
Mr. Edmunds chuckled a bit. “I guess we can manage without you, Ben. But, are you sure you don’t want to stay here for a bit longer? My friend Señor Oberto is visiting us next month, and I hear his daughters are coming with him to stay for a while. He tells me they’re the most beautiful young women in the world, and I should think you’d enjoy meeting them. I also think Señor Oberto is a man who is worth knowing as well. Won’t you stay at least until they get here?”
“Mr. Edmunds, they sure sound like people I’d like to know, but I do feel I have to move along. But, could I stop back if I’m still in the area in a few weeks and see if they’re still here?”
“Of course you can, Ben. You’re welcome here anytime.”
“Ok, Mr. Edmunds, I guess Friday will be my last day then. If it’s ok, I’ll leave Saturday morning. I’ll return Moby Dick before I go.”
“Don’t worry about that,” he said. “I’m making you a present of that book. It was one of my boys’ favorites and I want you to have it. You realize, of course though, that the story’s not going to turn out well for Ahab and all the people around him. An obsession with revenge can’t live long. It feeds on a man’s heart until there’s nothing left.” He stared straight at me, which made what he’d just said even more stern.
“I’ll keep that in mind,” I said. I shook Mr. Edmunds hand and headed back for the bunkhouse.
Saturday morning I got up early and saddled my horse and made my goodbyes to Hank, Curly, and the rest of the men. Concha packed me some tortillas filled with her special steak and peppers and gave me a hug. Mr. Edmunds came out onto the porch as I was putting the last of my gear in my bags. “Ben, don’t forget, if you ever need a place to come back to, you’re welcome here. Don’t forget Señor Oberto and his daughters, too.”
I laughed. “Don’t worry. If they’re as beautiful as you say, I’m sure I’ll make a point of meeting them someday.” I gave a last wave to Mr. Edmunds and Concha and kicked my horse down the road to the north. I turned in my saddle once to look back at the house, but Mr. Edmunds had gone inside.
It was a three-day ride to the railhead at San Jacinto. It wasn’t much of a town, just a mess of corrals with chutes leading to the train cars and a few offices, a dry goods store, a hotel, and two saloons. I walked into the first office I saw, The Broken Spur Cattle Company. Sitting behind the desk was a middle-aged man reading a newspaper. He was wearing a nicely tooled pair of boots, which were easy to notice because he had them crossed on the top of the desk. He dropped his newspaper when he heard me enter the office. “Hi, young fella, what can I do for you? You buyin’ or sellin’?”
“Neither right now, sir,” I answered. “Actually, I’m looking for a fellow. Kind of short, round and red haired. His name’s Petersen, and a friend told me he sold cattle around here now and again. He owes me some money for some work I did for him a while back, and I’d like to collect.”
“Well, good luck with that,” the man laughed. “He was in here about three weeks ago with about sixty head. He looked like he was anxious to sell, so I obliged him. He took a pretty reasonable price, from my way of looking at things. Like I said, he seemed sort of anxious. He did say, though, that he thought he’d be back sort of regular with fifty or sixty head at a time.” The man paused for a few seconds and chewed on his lip before he asked the next question. “Are you a rustler, too, son?”
“No sir,” I answered. “I just ran into him on the road a couple months back and he offered my twenty dollars for three days work to help him drive a small herd to Alpine. When we got there, he took off without paying me. I just want to get what’s coming to me.”
“Son, you may have it coming to you, but first you better ask yourself if it’s worth it trying to get it. Twenty dollars ain’t much worth the trouble of riding all over hell trying to find it.”
“I know that, sir, but I was in the area anyway, and I figured he might have just forgot to pay me, and I thought I’d remind him. So, it’s not really any trouble for me.”
“Well, like I said, son, I expect he’ll come through here sometime. They all do.”
I thanked him and walked out and down the street to look for a place to spend the night. There were no cattle in town, so no cowboys either. The hotel had a nice room on the second floor, and the rate was only a dollar. I had the last of Concha’s tortillas and went to bed.
The next morning I ate breakfast at the hotel and saddled up and rode out to the south—the direction most cattle would be coming from. After two hours of easy riding, I spied a dust cloud in the distance. After about another twenty minutes I came up on a lone rider with a blue bandana pulled up over his nose against the dust. He was hazing about twenty-five steers ahead of him and was quite busy keeping them going the way he wanted to go. 
“Looks like you could use a little help,” I said.
He was surprised to see me and quickly looked around to see if there were any others with me. He looked me up and down, and looked at my horse for a brand. 
“I’m riding as far as the saloon in San Jacinto. If you want some help that far, I’m glad to oblige,” I said.
I knew who it was before he pulled down his bandana.
“That’s mighty neighborly of you, friend,” said Peterson. “My partner broke his leg last week and I had to leave him in Four Corners. He kind of left me with the short end of the rope. If you can keep that lead steer heading right, I’ll push ‘em from behind. And when we get to San Jacinto, I’ll buy the beer.”
“Sounds good,” I said. “We’re going to need one after eating all this dust.”
We rode easy for a while until we came up on a little water seep. I guided the lead steer over to it, and the others followed, slowing to lap up some water. Peterson rode up to me. “What are you doing? I don’t want to stop.”
“I thought you might want to put a little water weight on them before we got to the buyer,” I said, “but if you want to get moving, that’s fine, too.”
“Oh hell, let’s let ‘em drink a while. My name’s Jack Petersen, by the way.”
“Good to meet you Jack, I’m Wes. Wes Harris,” I said.
We both got off our horses and let them drink as well. As we squatted next to the water, Peterson pulled a pouch of tobacco from his shirt pocket and offered it to me. I declined and Peterson rolled himself a smoke and lit it.
“I think I met a partner of yours a while back,” I said. “I think he said his name was Jessup. We had a little talk about you.”
“About me? What did he say?”
“He said you used to ride together. He said you robbed and murdered innocent families. And now, I guess you’re a rustler. Is that right?”
“That’s a damn lie,” he said as he started to stand.
I straightened up easily. “No, Jessup wasn’t lying. I happened to be there myself. Remember this?” I reached under my shirt and came up with Bill’s nugget. “It was my brother’s.” I took a long breath in between my teeth and calmly let it out my nose.
Peterson took a couple of steps back and took a long drag on his cigarette. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” As he finished saying it, he flicked the cigarette at my face and went for his gun. My first shot hit him in the belly before his gun could come level. He doubled over from the shock and his bullet hit the ground harmlessly in front of my feet. My second shot hit him right in the middle of his chest.
I picked up Peterson’s gun and shoved it into my belt. I stuck his hat back on his head and grabbed him by the shirt and pulled him away from the water about thirty feet up to a mesquite bush near the trail and leaned him against it. I checked his pockets and found a small tablet and pencil. I could see he’d done some figuring how much the twenty-five head were going to bring in. “I guess that’s a payday you’re going to miss,” I said. I tore a sheet off the tablet and wrote on it:
THIS IS PETERSEN. HIS SOUL IS NOW WITH EL DIABLO AS I PROMISED AT THE MISSION
I stuck the paper in his hat band. I gave his horse a slap on the rump and sent him on his way. I got on my own horse, picked up the little herd and turned them round toward the Lazy E range, where I figured Peterson had got them.




10


It took the better part of three days to push the cattle back to the Lazy E. I left them in the north range early in the morning and trotted along the meandering creek to the ranch buildings. When I arrived around noon, Mr. Edmunds was sitting on the porch doing his book work.
“Already made your fortune?” he called to me as I rode up. “Or are you here to meet the girls?” I must have looked a bit confused. “Did you forget that Señor Oberto and his daughters are arriving soon?” I had forgotten all about the Obertos.
I laughed. “Well, crazy as it may seem that I forgot about the girls, I guess I did. Of course, I’ve been a little busy on a small cattle drive.” Now it was Mr. Edmunds’ turn to look a bit perplexed.
“I picked up twenty-five head of your cattle along the road back from San Jacinto. It seems this guy had found them somewhere on our north range and thought he’d take advantage of his luck and sell them at the railhead.”
“How’d you end up with them?” he asked.
“Well, when I came upon the guy who was driving them, I just told him that I was pretty sure they belonged to the Lazy E, since he was coming from that direction, and that he might want to let me help him drive them back where they belonged. I guess he realized his mistake and just rode off without even thanking me. Anyway, I got tired of looking at their behinds and left them up on the north range a couple hours ago. You might want to send a couple of the boys up there tomorrow to round them up.”
Mr. Edmunds laughed. “Ben, I’m not sure I quite believe that’s exactly the way it happened, but I thank you anyway.”
“No,” I said. “It was pretty much like that. That red-haired fellow must have thought it was not worth making a fight over a couple hundred bucks worth of cows. He just took off when I rode up.” 
“If you say so,” said Mr. Edmunds. “At any rate, you’re here now, so why don’t you check into the bunk house again and get yourself some food and a wash. I’m expecting the Obertos tomorrow, and I’m hoping that you’ll join us for supper. Concha’s been preparing something special, and I have a feeling that, even if Oberto’s daughters are ugly as sin, the meal will be worth the wait.”
“Sir,” I said, “the Devil himself couldn’t keep me away from one of Concha’s dinners.”
As expected, the Oberto family and their entourage arrived the next day early in the afternoon. Señor Oberto was riding a large Arabian, a horse like no other I’d ever seen. Cactus blossoms made of silver edged his saddle of soft black leather and the fronts of the stirrups had pointed covers that were similarly decorated. It seemed the same man who had designed his saddle had also dressed him. His fitted black trousers were made of a soft yet thick material and the outer seams of the legs were studded with small silver ornaments shaped like sea shells. He was a large man, with a thick chest and a spreading belly beneath it that showed that he was beginning to enjoy a good life. His shirt was dark gray silk and his jacket was cut off at his waist in the Mexican style. The seams of the jacket’s arms were festooned with the same decoration as the trousers.
In contrast, the two young women with him were dressed simply. Both wore fitted blue linen blouses over calf length soft brown leather riding skirts. The saddles on their handsome chestnut geldings were simple English-style riding seats with none of the excess ornamentation of their father’s, nor anything like D-rings, or saddle strings, or even the saddle horn characteristic of a working cowboy’s essential tool. I was just beginning to concentrate on getting a good look at the girls’ faces when they quickly dismounted and followed Concha into the house.
Behind the family trailed a large wagon that was topped with what seemed to be a small house. Two men sat in the front of the wagon and drove the six horses that pulled it. Two other vaqueros on horseback brought up the rear.
I watched the procession from the doorway of the bunkhouse and marveled at the pure style of it. Mr. Edmunds was wealthy but didn’t ever seem to show it off. The Obertos were wealthy and looked the part. Maybe that was the difference between rich Texans and rich Mexicans, I thought to myself.
I went back into the bunkhouse and picked up Moby Dick again. I hoped the girls had read it so we’d have something to talk about over supper. I wasn’t sure if girls like these read books or not. I’d never talked to a rich girl before.
Concha herself came over to get me about half an hour before dinner was served. Evidently she didn’t think clanging the dinner bell was a sufficiently elegant invitation for the Obertos. She looked me up and down to make sure I was wearing a clean pair of trousers and shirt. She harrumphed a little as she looked at my old scuffed boots and once we were in her kitchen she reached into one of her kitchen drawers and tossed me a little tin of oil and just pointed at them. I guess just knocking most of the dust off of them wasn’t good enough for her.
When she was satisfied that I was as presentable as I was going to get, she shooed me into the library, where Mr. Edmunds and Señor Oberto were sitting in the two leather chairs with a carafe of wine between them. 
“I hope you like this wine,” I heard Oberto say to Mr. Edmunds. “I had it shipped from Spain. It’s impossible to get good wine in Texas any other way.”
I choked back a little laugh and Mr. Edmunds stood up to face me. Señor Oberto also got to his feet. “Ben, may I present my good friend Señor Vicente Oberto Suárez. Vicente, this is the young man I told you about, Ben Smith.” 
“I’m honored to meet you, sir,” I said. “Mr. Edmunds has told me some about you, too. And, I must say that I certainly do admire your taste in firearms. That pistol you gave Mr. Edmunds is sure a beauty.”
“Yes, Ben, it is. I’m lucky that I have a man working for me who is such a skilled craftsman as a gunsmith and a real artist as well. Tell me, are you a gun aficionado like Chris here?”
“Oh, the only thing I know about them is how to shoot them and clean them, I guess,” I said. “I grew up hunting with a rifle, but pistols are kind of new to me.”
We exchanged a little more banter about the Obertos’ journey until Concha came into the library. “I’ve just called the señoritas to the veranda,” she said to Mr. Edmunds. “Please come and eat.”
The veranda table was set with Mrs. Edmunds’ china, and Concha had constructed a lovely centerpiece of flowers from the gardens. The two girls were looking out over the landscape and setting sun and giggling to themselves. As we entered, they turned toward us and one said, “Daddy, you know it’s not polite to keep the cook waiting. When are you ever going to learn?”
It was immediately apparent that Mr. Edmunds had been pulling my leg. These two women were not “as ugly as sin.” They were the two most beautiful women I’d ever seen. They looked almost enough alike to be twins. Both had large round brown eyes framed by the blackest of hair. They were both slim and had long legs that ended at slim waists that were accented by their fitted blouses. They both showed lovely smiles, although one’s mouth was slightly crooked. As far as I was concerned, that made her all the prettier.
“Mr. Smith, may I present my daughters, Pilar and María,” said Señor Oberto. “Ladies, this is Mr. Ben Smith. He works for Mr. Edmunds.”
I’m sure I stammered a bit as I stuck out my hand to both girls. “I’m very pleased to make your acquaintance,” I managed.
“We’re happy to meet you, too, Mr. Smith,” smiled María. Pilar just nodded.
“Vicente,” said Mr. Edmunds. “Please take the seat at the other end of the table. María, please sit on my right here. Pilar, will you please sit on my left. Ben, you sit next to Pilar.”
“Watch out, Ben,” said María. “She bites.”
“Only if I like you,” said Pilar. “And I’m very particular.”
“Mr. Smith,” continued Señor Oberto. “I’m afraid the girls take after their mother. I hope you’ll forgive them.”
“Oh, I think a little teasing isn’t too bad,” I said. “I’ve been knocked around all my life by a big brother. I suppose I could handle a couple of young ladies.”
“That’s what you think,” said Mr. Edmunds. “That’s what you think.”





11

Concha and Burnie began to serve the dinner. Concha had outdone even herself. The first course was a cold soup she called gazpacho, and she served it with chopped tomatoes, cucumbers, green and red peppers, and little cubes of bread she had quick fried in some oil and garlic. It was the most refreshing thing I think I’d ever tasted. She followed that with a simple lettuce salad with hard boiled eggs and avocadoes. Finally came the main course of grouse that she had stuffed with some secret mixture of ground pine nuts and herbs and baked in little clay roasting dishes. Along with the grouse was delicate yellow rice with little bits of some different herbs mixed in. As that course came, I winked at Burnie as he set the plate down in front of me. “Don’t blame me,” he whispered in my ear. “I wanted to serve steak and beans.”
“And, Mr. Smith, would you have rather had steak and beans?” Pilar asked.
 “Oh no,” I said. “If I thought you could cook like Concha, I’d ask you to marry me right now.” 
“So you think I should be your cook?” she sneered.
“No,” I said. “That’s not what I meant.”
“Are you saying you’d be satisfied with a woman who could cook for a wife?” she continued. “I should hope you might consider the ability to think to be at least somewhat desirable.”
“Actually Señorita Oberto, I am sure you would add just the right amount of seasoning to anything you do, including thinking…and talking.”
“Nice try,” said María. “But Ben, I want to tell you that you are either one of the bravest or stupidest men I’ve ever met. Pilar has injured larger men than you men for daring to challenge her.”
“Oh María, I wouldn’t bother to seriously injure a man for that. That would be a waste of effort. I might just hurt him slightly for fun, though. You don’t think I should hurt you for trying a little word play with me, do you Mr. Smith?”
“No,” I said. “I think I’d have to do something much worse for you to hurt me. Maybe over dessert we could think of some things I could do that would really make you angry.”
“I might like that,” said Pilar.
Mr. Edmunds and Señor Oberto both started to laugh. “Perhaps we should change the subject,” said Oberto. 
“Yes, perhaps,” said Mr. Edmunds. “How about you tell us about some interesting news from your part of Texas? We’ve heard a legend of some outlaw gang down there supposedly run by somebody called El Patrón. They say he’s the smartest outlaw ever, and nobody seems to know who he is, or even if he really exists.”
“He certainly exists,” said Señor Oberto. “Every cattleman, banker, and mining company in Big Bend, as well as several in Chihuahua, know that he exists and have the empty vaults to prove it. His gang has rustled cattle, robbed the mining payrolls, and blown up the safes in more than one hacienda on both sides of the border. I know I’m losing cattle to him every week. Luckily, I have enough men working around the house all the time so they haven’t tried to rob my cash yet.
“About the only good thing you can say about him is that he seems to plan the jobs so well, and take people by surprise, so there hasn’t been any gunplay yet. The robbers show up and are able to disarm the guards so easily, it’s uncanny. I don’t know how they’re doing it, but I’m glad they’re doing it that way instead of just shooting the place up all the time. I hate to admit it, actually, but I have a certain admiration for someone like that—someone who actually seems to know what he’s doing. It’s rare among outlaws.”
“Vicente, you don’t really mean that, do you?” said Mr. Edmunds. “If you ask me, it’s just been dumb luck that nobody’s got killed yet. One of these days, some guard or some rancher is going to go for a gun, and people are going to get hurt. And, what makes you think El Patrón has such control over his men? Any one of those idiots could start shooting at any time he felt like it.”
“It hasn’t happened yet,” said Oberto, “and I don’t know why things would change. El Patrón must be very careful about the men he chooses to have got this far. Maybe he thinks that if nobody gets hurt, people will be less likely to make so much of an effort to come after him. After all, it’s only money, and it’s not like he’s stealing from people who can’t afford it.” 
“Señor Oberto,” I interrupted. “I have a question. Do you think he controls his men that well, really? I’ve heard of a few men that are supposedly part of his gang that have no problem with killing people. I heard some names, even. I think I heard of a man named Slade, and another named Karnes. I’ve been told they were genuinely evil men. Do you know anything about them?”
“No, Ben, I don’t,” answered Señor Oberto. “That’s part of El Patrón’s genius. Nobody knows anything specific about him or his gang. For all we know, they could be ghosts.”
“Speaking of ghosts,” María said, “Pilar, tell Mr. Edmunds and Ben what we heard from those Mexican goatherds on the way up here. It’s the most fantastic tale.”
Pilar laughed. “Oh María, you took that story much too seriously. Those shepherds were mostly speaking nonsense.” She turned to Mr. Edmunds. “Mr. Edmunds, you tell me if this makes any sense to you. We ran into a family herding their goats along the way here. When we told them we were coming to your ranch and that it was near Alpine, they turned rather white and told us the area was under the control of a devil.”
“Well it is sort of warm around here,” laughed Mr. Edmunds, “but I’ve never heard it compared to hell before.”
“That’s not what he was saying,” said Pilar. “What he said was that someone was killing men and leaving them all over the territory with writing on their bodies that said they’d been killed by a devil. He even said that this devil came out at night and took the form of a goat and danced to the music of church bells.”
“Oh tell it right, Pilar,” said María. “He didn’t say ‘a devil’ was killing people. My Spanish is good enough to know he was saying it was ‘The Devil.’ ‘El Diablo’ he said. That means ‘The Devil.’”
“María, the only Spanish you know is how to order dos huevos for breakfast. But, Mr. Edmunds, I guess she’s right. The herder did say ‘El Diablo’, although I don’t see what difference it makes in such a fantastic story about goats dancing at night.”
“That is a fantastic story, Pilar,” Mr. Edmunds said. He turned to me. “Have you heard anything about this El Diablo, Ben?” he asked.
“No sir,” I said. “But I hope I never meet him.”
“Me, too,” said Mr. Edmunds.
“Me, too,” laughed Señor Oberto. “Although I do think if he met Pilar, he might be sorry he ever left hell.” He winked at his daughter.
“Oh, I think if he met Pilar, he’d probably like her,” I said. “I’ll bet he’d enjoy the challenge.”
“We’ll see how much you’re up to the challenge tomorrow, too, Ben,” said Mr. Edmunds. “I want you to take the ladies on a tour of the Lazy E in the morning.”
“It would be my pleasure,” I said. “And on the trail we can talk about fantastic stories and killing and such.”
“Oh yes,” said Pilar. “It makes a ride so much more pleasant when someone’s telling stories.”




12

I rolled out early the next morning and choked down a few of Burnie’s hotcakes before heading to the corral to catch my horse and saddle her for the tour. I stopped by the back door of the house to pick up the lunch Concha packed for us and then walked my mare around to the front. There, I saw Pilar standing next to her horse, which Hank had already saddled. Today she was wearing a fitted red silk blouse and a black riding skirt. On top of her black hair was an even darker black flat-brimmed riding hat. Two hat strings tipped with silver were tied under her chin.
“Where’s María?” I asked.
“Well, hello to you, too, Mr. Smith,” said Pilar. “I’m afraid if you’d prefer her company today, you’ll have to spend it in Mr. Edmunds’ library. She got a look at all those books and said she was so tired of riding up here from our place that she’d rather just sit today.”
“I enjoy a good read myself, Pilar. Maybe I will just join her. I’ve got a book I’ve been meaning to finish.”
“Yes, but if you do that, I won’t be able to tell you all the reasons I’ve thought of to spice up your food.”
“Pilar, I wouldn’t want to deprive you of that opportunity, so I guess I’ll ride.”
“Yes, I’ll say you will,” she smiled. “And, do try to keep up, please. I hate slow people.”
She swung easily up into her saddle, expertly neck reined her chestnut to the right and started down the road toward the north. I did the same. I did have to give my mare a good kick to get her to match Pilar’s pace. I caught up to her as we passed through the rail fence gate out into the range.
As I pulled up on her left, she nodded at the holster on my hip. “Are you so afraid of me that you had to bring that pistol with you today?” she asked.
“No ma’am,” I said. “But there are snakes out here, and of course we might run into a devil or two as well. You always want to be prepared for the devil.”
“In the case of meeting such a ghastly apparition as that” said Pilar, “I’m confident that your pistol will win the day.”
“Oh I wasn’t going to shoot El Diablo,” I smiled. “If I saw him, I was just going to fire a warning shot so he would know you are coming.  In the meantime, do you mind if I ride behind you, in case we come upon him before I have a chance to get that shot off?”
“No, I prefer you alongside me where I can keep an eye on you, Mr. Smith. You seem to be pretty good at keeping up after all.” This time she gave me the genuine smile—the slightly crooked one that made her look so beautiful.
We continued across the plain of dry grass dotted with mesquite and the occasional outcropping of rock. Eventually we began to climb to the west up a long sloping hill. 
“I want to climb a bit,” I told her. “From up here we can get a view of most of the ranch. And there’s a little stream that runs down out of the mountains and a cottonwood grove that I think would be a nice shady spot for lunch.”
We made our way to the grove and led our horses to the stream and let them drink their fill before tying them to a fallen tree. Pilar removed her hat, shook out her hair and removed a handkerchief from her skirt pocket, dipped it in the running water, and patted it gently around her face and neck.  I did the same with my bandana, except not so gracefully. I dipped it again, wrung it out and retied it around my neck.
“Would you like to eat now?” I asked. “I hope so because I’m anxious to hear how you are going to spice up my life.”
“I’m all for eating,” she answered. “But I’m not sure exactly how I’m going to make it hot for you. While I’m contemplating my options, perhaps you could tell me a little about yourself instead.”
“I don’t have much to tell,” I said. “But I will say I was raised to always let ladies go first, so why don’t you tell me about your family? I’m sure the Obertos are far more interesting than the Smiths anyway.”
“I doubt that,” said Pilar. “How interesting can a couple of girls from Iowa be, anyway?”
“Iowa? I thought you were from down by the Rio Grande,” I said. 
“No, Father’s from the Rio Grande. Mother is from Iowa and we live with her. That’s why María doesn’t speak any Spanish.” She paused for a second. “I can see I’d better start back a ways.”
Pilar told the story of her father and mother meeting by chance when her father was a young man on his “wild oats” tour of the United States. He’d ended up in Iowa while on his way back to Texas after seeing New York, Boston and Philadelphia. Pilar’s mother was the daughter of an Irish railroad worker and they met by chance at a church supper.
“My father’s a very charming man,” said Pilar. “And my mother is very beautiful. They made a very handsome match—except for one thing. My father insisted that she come to live at his family home in Texas. She did for about four years—long enough to have María and me. But she’s a very stubborn woman as well, and one day she told Father that she wasn’t going to live in Texas any more, and that neither were María and I. There’s really no point in arguing with Meghan Hannan anyway, so we were soon off, back to Iowa, and Father stayed on the ranch that had been in his family for generations. There’s not much point in arguing with him either, but he loves my mother and so he let her go.
“He sends money regularly and insisted that we both go to college. We were among the first women to go to Grinnell College. I studied Spanish and literature. María did the same, but did French instead of Spanish—as if she’d ever have the opportunity to use French. I wanted to learn Spanish so I could know more about where Father came from.
“He comes to visit us every two years or so, and we’ve been down to visit him three times, too, but there are no trains to this part of the world, as you know, so the journeys are long and difficult. And that’s kind of why we’re down here this time. Father and Mother have agreed that María and I are old enough now to choose whom we want to live with, and so we’re here for an extended visit so we can get a real taste of Texas to see if we want to stay here.
“Right now, I’d have to bet María’s going to be on her way back to Iowa in a few weeks. I haven’t made up my mind yet, but I do find Texas fascinating. We don’t have any roving devils in Iowa that I know of.
“Now you tell me about yourself, Ben. And leave out the boring parts, please.”
“If I leave out the boring parts, there isn’t going to be much to tell,” I said. “My life wasn’t complicated. I grew up on a small farm north of here. My father died one day. We’re not sure if his heart gave out, or if his horse threw him and he broke his neck. We just found him one day out on the plain. So, my mom and brother and me kept up the farm as well as we could. We were doing alright, too, until they got killed.”
“What do you mean ‘they got killed’?” asked Pilar.
“One day I was out fishing. It was my birthday. And when I came back that night, they were all dead. My mother had been shot in the back, and my brother was hanging from a tree by his wrists. He’d been shot, too. They even killed our Mexican hired man. Nobody knows what happened really. I could tell that there had been several riders by the hoof prints around the house, but that’s all I know.
“After that, there didn’t seem to be much point in staying on the farm, so I lit out. Mr. Edmunds was the first person I ran into who offered me a job, and that’s how I ended up here.”
Pilar didn’t say anything. I looked up at her and saw that her dark eyes had gone soft with tears. She leaned over and gave me a kiss on the cheek, and then another one on the lips.
I’d never been kissed by any woman other than my mom. It felt wonderful.




13

Pilar and I arrived back at the house just before sunset. Mr. Edmunds and Señor Oberto were sitting on the front porch enjoying some wine before supper. The wonderful aroma of Concha’s cooking was hanging over the yard, as was the burnt steak smell wafting over from Burnie’s kitchen behind the bunkhouse. After Concha’s dinner and lunch the last two days, I wasn’t relishing beans and steak again. I also wasn’t too happy about saying goodbye to Pilar for the evening.
Both problems were solved as Pilar got off her horse and handed the reins to the waiting Hank. “Father, I’ve invited Ben to dine with us again tonight. I hope you don’t mind Mr. Edmunds.”
Mr. Edmunds laughed and looked over at Señor Oberto.
“Don’t bother to argue,” said Oberto. “It’s no use.”
So, I got some more information about life along the Rio Grande, and learned a little of the history of the Spanish people in southern Texas. During coffee, Pilar told her father that she had invited me to visit them at their ranch as soon as Mr. Edmunds could spare me. Of course, Pilar hadn’t informed me of either the dinner or the visit invitations, but so far I didn’t see any reason to complain. As I went back to the bunkhouse after supper, my belly was full of another of Concha’s tasty dinners, but the only thing I could taste was Pilar’s kiss.
The Obertos left the next morning right after breakfast. I waved to Pilar from the barn and she called back, “Don’t wait too long to come visit us. That invitation isn’t open forever, you know.”
I smiled back and told her that I was sure I could find a reason to get down their way pretty soon. “Well, if you really think you need another reason, I hope you find one soon,” she laughed. “But, if it helps you decide, our cook is just as good as Concha.”
“In that case, I’ll get there as soon as I can. Have a good journey.”  I didn’t tell her, of course, that hearing that Slade and Karnes were riding with El Patrón’s outfit was plenty of reason for me to get down to the Big Bend as soon as possible. The kissing and cooking were pleasurable, to be sure, but I could make time for those pursuits later.
I worked around the ranch buildings for another two weeks, fixing some slumping fence posts, mending some harness leather and, as usual, mucking out. I also resumed my shooting practice at the creek. I was now concentrating on getting off a fast accurate shot, followed by an aimed shot to a specific body part. I set up a scarecrow figure on the creek side. I would draw once and shoot as soon as the muzzle cleared leather at the chest of the dummy. I would then continue my hand up, cocking my revolver as I went, til it reached eye level. I would bring my left hand up with it, steadying my aim by overlaying my right hand fingers with my left. Then I would fire one shot into the scarecrow’s face. It was quick, and once I perfected the technique, I didn’t miss. With my left hand at gun level, I could also cock the revolver quickly with my left thumb without dropping the muzzle from the target in case I needed a third shot. It looked a bit odd, but it was a system that worked for me.
As I was ending my practice one evening, Mr. Edmunds came up on me from behind. “Don’t ever forget to check over your shoulder, Ben,” he said. “When you’re making so much noise, it’s not too hard to sneak up on you.”
“That’s a good reminder sir,” I said. “I guess I’ve been a little lax in that regard.
“Don’t be,” said Mr. Edmunds with a frown. “You only have to forget that once and you may never get the chance to forget it again.” He paused for a minute before continuing. “Ben, it looks like you’re getting ready to leave again. Will you give me the chance to talk you out of it?”
“Sir, I can’t impose on your hospitality forever,” I said. “And, to be honest, I’m of the opinion that, handsome as you are, Pilar’s invitation holds a little more interest for me at this moment. I have a little business to handle in Four Corners, then I’m going to head for Big Bend.”
Mr. Edmunds’ face broadened into a big smile. “Well, I can’t say as I have any good dispute for you there,” he said. “But,” his face darkened a bit, “I’m not convinced that’s your only reason for heading in that direction.”
“You never can tell what you might meet on the road to where you’re really going, sir. But I can assure you, I mean to see Pilar again as soon as I can manage it.”
“Maybe, son. Maybe. But I want you to promise me one thing. Between Four Corners and Big Bend is Fort Davis. There’s a Texas Ranger station in the town and the captain is a good friend of mine. His name is Sam Reasoner. He’s been trying to get a lead on El Patrón for over a year now, and he might know something that could help you out. I want you to pay him a visit. But be aware of something. He’s an honorable man, but he’s a lawman first. You don’t want to get in his sights if you’ve done anything wrong.”
“If I have the opportunity, I’ll look him up,” I said. “I probably would like to hear a little more about El Patrón…and his gang.” I added, “If it’s alright with you, I’ll be leaving tomorrow morning.”
“It’s not alright with me Ben, but I can’t stop you. Just promise me you will take care.”
“I always try to, sir.”
Mr. Edmunds walked back toward the house. I picked my brass off the ground and sat and thought a bit before heading back up myself to the bunkhouse. As I came toward the yard, Mr. Edmunds met me with a couple of books under his arm. “Take these with you,” he said. “They are rather dark tales full of unseen evil. But don’t get so engrossed in them you forget to look forward and back all the time.”
I looked down at the two volumes. They were both collections of stories by the same author, a man named Edgar Allen Poe.





14

The next day I woke early and was gone before breakfast. I had packed my bedroll and some food the night before. I didn’t want to have to see Mr. Edmunds and the men yet again before I left. It was beginning to become pretty clear to me that Mr. Edmunds likely knew what I was about to do, and I wasn’t anxious to give him the chance to give me one more reproach. I left Moby Dick on my bed. As I rode off, I thought of Ahab and how his obsession with revenge had killed every man but one on the Pequod. I had really hated it that Queequeg had died. He reminded me too much of Álvaro. Images of Queequeg’s coffin and Álvaro’s Catrina rolled back and forth in my mind. I wondered if I’d know when I was about to die, too, and whether I’d have any time to prepare like Queequeg had. I guess I wasn’t yet in touch with the spirits of death as much as Queequeg or Álvaro had been. Maybe when I’d seen some more of it, I’d begin to think of it more. I couldn’t really imagine where Bill and Mom were now. All I knew was they were not here. I thought of them often, but I never sensed their presence, or had any idea of what they wanted me to do. Maybe I was just being selfish in my revenge, I thought. But, for now, that would have to do.
I rode slowly toward Four Corners. If I figured right, the partner with the broken leg that Petersen had spoken of was Rico, Simmons, Riley or Willis. It didn’t much matter to me which one it was. All I knew was that a broken leg wasn’t going to be the biggest of his worries when I caught up to him.
I rode into Four Corners the evening of the second day. I went to the hotel and got a room and while I signed the register as Wes Harris, I scanned it for any familiar names. Not even those guys were stupid enough to sign their real names, if they could write at all, I decided. After dropping my bedroll and saddlebags in my room, I went down to the restaurant for supper. The steak was even worse than Burnie’s, but the shortcake with blueberries was delicious. I had a glass of milk with it then went back to the hotel for the night.
I poked around town the next day, asking about work and the business of the town on the chance I could pick up any useful information. I stopped short of asking about anyone with a broken leg for fear of being too obvious in my interest. I rode out to a nearby ranch on the pretense of looking for work, but was told by the foreman that they hadn’t hired any new hands for a few months, and probably wouldn’t be hiring until the spring roundup.
I made it back into town just after dark and went into the saloon. There wasn’t much point of checking the saloon before that, as their business didn’t really start to pick up until that time of day anyway. There were a few men at the bar, nursing beers and a couple more at a table with a bottle of whiskey between them. As I turned my attention to the poker table in the corner I heard a bearded cowboy say, “Rico, you ain’t got a matching ace in the hole do you?”
There were five men at the table, and all looked rather rough and not too prosperous. I guessed that there was no more than sixty or seventy dollars total on the table. The one who had been spoken to said, “Sparks, why don’t you call me and find out?” Rico was sitting sort of sideways to the table with his right leg up on a chair. His trousers were split up the seam and pinned back together with safety pins. Under the split, I could see a cast from the ankle to just under the knee.
I had a beer at the bar and watched the game for a while. Rico did have that ace in the hole and he slowly won most of the money at the table before the game broke up around eleven. “Well, boys,” he said as he stood on his one good leg and lifted his other to the floor. “I’ve enjoyed playing with you, but now I’m going to go down the street for a little more cordial company with some of the girls.”
He clumped his way across the room and toward the back door of the saloon. My earlier tour of the town had informed me the town brothel was on the street behind the saloon. I guessed the saloon owner had been too cheap to put a second floor on the saloon and so had just thrown up a four-room shack out behind.
I paid for my beer and went out the front door of the saloon. I went back to the hotel and gathered my belongings and took them out and saddled my horse and tied her behind the saloon down the street a bit. I gave Rico plenty of time to reach his destination and do his business. It didn’t take him more than about fifteen minutes to hobble out of the shack.
“Lucky at cards, unlucky at love,” I said. Rico looked up at the darkened street.
“What’d you say?”
“I said, ‘lucky at cards, unlucky at love,’” I repeated. He couldn’t see me very well, but I could see his pocky face and ankle cast just fine by the light of the red lantern hanging outside the brothel door. “But I guess that card luck’s about to run out, too.”
“Who are you?” he said. “And why don’t you step out where I can see you?”
I stepped forward so the dim light of the back window of the saloon let him have a look at me. “I’m the guy who is going to cash in your chips,” I said. 
“What are you talking about?” he said. “You weren’t in that game. And I don’t need to cheat to take money off a bunch a rubes like that, anyway.”
“It was a metaphor, Rico, but I don’t expect you to know what that means. Let me put it another way: you killed my mother and my brother and now I’m going to kill you. Is that simple enough for you?” I took my slow breath in through my mouth, and let it out through my nose.
“I didn’t kill nobody,” he said. “And, even if I did, I don’t think a kid like you could do much about it.”
“We’ll see,” I said as I drew my gun. Rico was fast, but perhaps a little off balance because of his leg and the whiskey he’d been drinking during the poker game. His bullet hit the saloon wall behind me. My first shot hit him dead center in the stomach. My second one hit his cheek under his right eye.
I checked behind me to be sure nobody was coming out of the saloon then walked quickly across the street to be sure he was dead. I took the money out of his vest pocket and tossed it toward the door of the brothel. I figured the girls would be out as soon as they were confident the shooting was over. Whatever they’d been paid to be with Rico wasn’t enough. The seventy dollars would be my tip. 
Rico had a deck of cards in his other vest pocket. I thumbed through them quickly until I got to the Joker. I took a pencil stub out of my shirt pocket and wrote El Diablo on the card and tossed it onto his body.  I walked calmly down the alley, got on my horse and trotted her slowly out of town.
I kept to the road where my tracks would mix with all the other traffic coming in and out of town. After I’d been riding for about an hour and was sure I wasn’t being followed, I rode off the road onto the prairie and found a soft spot to sleep. In the morning, I took the time to make myself some beans and bread before continuing to Fort Davis to look up Sam Reasoner. If he knew anything about El Patrón, I wanted to hear about it.




15

I rode for a couple more days in the direction of Fort Davis, keeping an eye out in all directions for someone who might have been coming from Four Corners. Rico wasn’t much of a citizen and I didn’t expect anyone to get too excited over his killing. But you never can tell what will get a sheriff agitated. Besides, I wondered if I’d made a mistake leaving El Diablo’s calling card. Pretty soon some lawman was going to have to come looking for him.
I took my time getting to town. I was still nervous about the bullet that hit the wall behind me. I wasn’t the only one who was fast with a gun. If Rico had been on two good legs, it might have been me lying on that back street. As I rode into town, I looked for the livery first. My horse was beat. I realized I should have taken Rico’s with me.
I put her up at the livery, and ordered her a bit of grain. All the riding I’d been doing lately had taken the mare down to where her ribs were showing a bit. Besides, I needed a rest, too. I checked into the hotel, shook the dust off my clothes, had a hot bath and went to bed. I slept until the next midday.
After a late breakfast of hotcakes and coffee, I headed for the Texas Ranger office in the center of town. It was in a narrow two-story building that shared a storefront with the town’s doctor, its dentist, and its lawyer. The Ranger office was on the ground floor and consisted of one room with two desks, a file cabinet and a rack with three rifles standing side by side. Next to the gun rack was a bulletin board. On it were flyers with crude drawings of wanted men. Two of the drawings were Slade and Karnes, but there were no names on the flyers. The only identification was that they were members of the El Patrón gang and the reward for their capture was three hundred dollars.
 Behind one of the desks sat a man with a salt and pepper mustache that covered most of the bottom half of his face—a face so brown and wrinkled by the sun it could have been made of saddle leather. On the desk in front of him was a disassembled Navy Colt revolver, some torn up rags, a short brass rod, and a tin of foul smelling solvent. He was holding the barrel of the revolver up toward the window and squinting to see if he needed to run another rag through it. 
“Good thing I’m not one of those desperadoes on your wall there,” I smiled. “If one of them walked in here with your gun taken apart on your desk like that, you’d have been in trouble.”
“Not as much trouble as they would have been,” he answered. “I’ve got a double barrel scatter gun right by my leg here, and I’m sure that would even things up if someone walked in here with unkindly intentions.” 
To show he wasn’t joking, he pulled up a short barrel shotgun from under the desktop and laid it down with the business end facing the doorway—and me. His hand was on the grip, but I could see it was not cocked. But his thumb rested on top of the hammers and his index finger on the outside of the trigger guard. “What can I do for you, son?” he asked.
“The first thing, I suppose, is you could point that thing somewhere else,” I said. “The second is, I’m looking for Captain Reasoner. Chris Edmunds told me to look him up.”
“And what did Mr. Edmunds tell you that you were supposed to say to this Captain Reasoner,” he asked as he returned the shotgun to its perch, “other than to convey his constant admiration for his intelligence, his genuine awe at his accomplishments, and his undying envy of his good looks?”
“Well, that wasn’t quite how he put it, sir.” I tried not to smile. “It was more like, ‘Tell that ugly, ornery, lazy, SOB to get off his rear end and catch some rustlers and robbers for a change instead of always trying to improve his luck with the ladies—which will never change.’ Do you know where I can find Captain Reasoner, sir, because Mr. Edmunds told me I was supposed to deliver the message as soon as I got here?”
“And do you suppose Chris Edmunds would have the first idea of what a good looking man would look like?” he smiled. “I should think that most days he couldn’t tell whether he’s looking at the rumps of some of those scrawny cattle of his or in his own shaving mirror.”
“I’ll be sure to pass that on the next time I see him, sir. If you would be so kind as to pass on his message to Captain Reasoner, I guess I’ll be leaving now.”
“Not quite yet, kid,” he said. “I’ve got a few more things I’d like to tell you about Chris Edmunds, so take a seat.” We both started laughing. “The first thing I want to tell you is that he’s one of my best friends. The second thing is that next time he wants to insult me, he should do it himself because it makes me feel too damn old to be trading words with someone like you.”
“I’ll try to be older next time I see you sir,” I said. And we both laughed again.
“Well, who are you, young man?” he continued. “Chris didn’t tell me he was sending any comic actors my way. I hope you’re part of a theater troupe, because we haven’t had any entertainment in this town since Clyde Barker shot himself in the toe when he was showing off his quick draw to one of the saloon gals.”
“Sorry to disappoint you sir, but I’m no actor. I’m Ben Smith, and I’m just one of Mr. Edmunds’ cowboys. He said if I was passing this way, I should make a point of seeing you. Mr. Edmunds has given me a lot of good advice since I met him a while back, and I figured I might take him up on some for a change. Plus, I figured it’s not a bad idea to know who the Texas Rangers are in these parts.
“I also think it’s a good idea to know who the villains are around here, too—like some of the men on those flyers on the wall—just in case I should happen to run into them, too.”
“And why do you think you’d run into men like that?” his eyes narrowed.
“Sir, I’ve been getting a little tired of looking at the hind end of cattle myself and was thinking of trying something different—maybe a little law enforcement,” I said.
“Well, that’s a bigger conversation, isn’t it? A talk like that’s going to take some food to wash it down with,” Reasoner said. “Had your dinner yet?” 
“I had breakfast not too long ago,” I said. “But I could always use another cup of coffee, and maybe a piece of pie.”
“I know where we can get that,” he said. “Just let me finish up here.” He reloaded the cylinder of his revolver and reassembled it. He wiped the pistol thoroughly with one of the rags on his desk and dropped it into his holster. He walked over to the door, opened it for me as he took his hat from the peg on the wall and motioned for me to step outside. He swung the door shut and took a key from his pocket and locked it.
“I’m interested to hear why anyone would want to give up the peaceful life of a cowboy for one of danger and degradation,” he said as we stepped into the street. “It couldn’t be for the pay.”
“I’m not much worried about the pay, sir.” I said. “I figure the only way I’m ever going to get money is to marry a rich woman.”
Reasoner laughed, “You got one in mind, Ben?”
“Nope,” I said. “But I’ve got my eyes open in case one comes along who isn’t too particular.”




16

“I’ll have the usual,” Reasoner called out to the waitress as we stepped into the café. “And this young gentleman will have coffee and whatever kind of pie you’re pushing today. I’ll have a piece, too, after I finish my meal.” We sat at a table against the wall and Reasoner took the seat facing the door. It made me a little uneasy to have my back to the opening, but I figured that Reasoner might be better practiced at spotting trouble than I was. I took a sip of the coffee and was startled to find it had been already mixed with hot milk and plenty of sugar. It was delicious.
“Their coffee is kind of odd here,” he said. “But it’s so good I don’t bother to try to explain to them that some people prefer it black.” He sipped his own and let the silence fill the table until his food arrived. Two rolled corn husks flanked a large plate filled with smallish, by cowboy standards, portions of rice and black beans. He peeled open the husks to reveal what looked like cornbread stuffed with what seemed to be pork. When he opened the husks, the most marvelous aroma rose with the steam.
“Ever had tamales, Ben?” he asked. “It’s not too late if you want some.”
“No, like I said, just a piece of pie will be fine,” I answered. But I made a note to myself that it was going to be tamales for supper if they tasted half as good as they smelled.
Reasoner forked some of the tamal into his mouth, chewed it and then wiped his mustache with his napkin. “Now, why don’t you tell me why you’d be interested in being a lawman, Ben?”
I told him the story of running into Petersen as he was rustling Mr. Edmunds cattle, but left out the part about killing him. I told him too, that my family had been murdered, but that I had no idea who had done it, or why. “I guess I just think there are a lot of evil men on the loose out there,” I said, “men who would kill a defenseless woman and young man, or steal cattle from someone like Mr. Edmunds. And I know most of them are getting away with it most of the time because unless they’re caught in the act, nobody is really going after them. I guess I figure someone should go after them.”
“And you think that should be you?” said the captain. “No matter how you feel about your family, it won’t replace the skill and just plain luck that it would take to track these men down. And tracking them down is the easy part. These men don’t look much like they’d shy from a fight. And, if they have the chance, they’d as soon back shoot you as buy you a cup of sweet coffee.”
“I know that sir,” I said. “But those men whose pictures are on your wall—they can’t stay out of our sights forever. If they’re robbers they’re going to rob sooner or later, and it’s our job to figure out where they’re likely to show up and be there to stop them. It’s not too different from rounding up stray cows. They’re going to be where the grass or the water is. All you have to do is be at least as smart as a cow to find them.”
“Well, those men in the pictures on my wall are members of El Patrón’s gang,” said Reasoner. “And I can assure you that El Patrón is quite a bit smarter than a cow. For that matter, so far he’s been quite a bit smarter than the Texas Rangers. All we know so far is that his men show up unexpectedly and are gone with the goods before anyone can do anything. They don’t even bother to wear masks. So we do have some descriptions and they’ve been careless enough to mention a couple of names in front of witnesses. But, all that amounts to is a few rough drawings of faces and two names: Karnes and Slade. We don’t even know which name goes with which face.
“The only other thing we’ve got to go on is both those names are written along with a few others on the wall of a ruined mission outside of San Miguel. One name has been crossed out and there’s some legend of a ghost that’s been killing the men named on the wall. Three of them have turned up dead so far. The writing on the wall said these men killed an innocent family. Ben, you wouldn’t know anything about that, would you?”
“No sir. Like I said, I have no idea who killed my mother and brother, but if those men killed are like the men who killed my family, whatever they got, I’m sure they deserved it. Captain, my mother and our hired man were shot in the back, and my brother was strung up by his wrists from a tree. He’d been beaten and whipped and shot in the face. I can’t think of any reason why anyone who wasn’t purely evil would do that to poor farmers who had nothing to rob. People who do things like that are rabid dogs. You shoot them and then don’t go near them because that evil is still there even after they’re dead. Maybe El Diablo is the only one who can take care of that sort of evil.”
Reasoner paused for a moment and looked down at his plate. Finally he took another bit of his meal and a long sip of coffee. He put the cup down and looked up right into my eyes.
“So, you know a little about El Diablo?” said Reasoner. “Have you seen those names on the mission wall?”
I realized Reasoner had gently extracted more information from me that I’d ever given anyone else. In fact, I’d as much as told him that I was El Diablo. 
“No sir,” I said. “I’ve never been to that mission. I’ve heard the legend of course. Pilar Oberto told me about it over supper one night at Mr. Edmunds’ house.”
“Ah yes,” he sighed. “Pilar Oberto is quite a beauty,” he said. “She wouldn’t be the rich girl you’re hoping isn’t too particular, would she?”
“If you know her, sir, you know that she’s probably the most particular girl in the whole state of Texas,” I answered. “I doubt if she’d be too interested in someone like me.”
“One thing I know about women is that there’s no telling what a woman will take an interest in. Sometimes I think they see men as stray dogs to be taken in and trained.”
“I’m not sure Pilar is interested in stray dogs,” I said. “We had dinner twice and I’m sure she’s forgotten all about me.”
“Maybe she’ll be reminded if you run into her while you’re down in the Big Bend country looking for El Patrón’s gang,” he answered.
“I’m not sure I understand, sir.” I said. “Why would I be down there looking for El Patrón’s gang? I’m not a Ranger.”
“You are if you want to be,” said the captain. “I have to admit I’ve sort of been toying with you a bit. Chris Edmunds wrote me you were coming to see me, and he also told me I’d be an idiot if I didn’t take you on. And, if there’s one thing I don’t want to do, it’s give Chris Edmunds another reason to call me names.
“But I want to make one thing clear, Ben. If you do run into these men, you are not to take them on yourself. You telegraph me, and I’ll be there in a couple of days with a troop of Rangers. There are way too many of them, and they’re way too smart for one man to handle.
“And, if you happen to run into any devils down there, you be sure to let me know about that, too, okay?”




17

The next morning, the Mexican waitress was a little surprised when I ordered tamales for breakfast. “No tamales for breakfast, señor,” she said. “But if you want chilaquiles, they’re very good.” She was right.
I had her make up some tamales to take with me and she brought me four wrapped in brown paper as I was finishing my coffee. I took them and stuffed them in my saddlebags and headed south out of town. Twelve hours later I steamed them in my cookpot for supper.
As the fire burned down, I lay in my bedroll and looked up at the stars and tried to think of Pilar and wondered if she’d still be happy to see me. But I couldn’t keep her face in my head. It kept being replaced by the faces on Captain Reasoner’s wall—the faces of Slade and Karnes and Simmons and Riley.
The second and third days on the trail passed slowly, like the first. Those days, though, I had no tamales, and went back to bacon and beans and fried bread—for breakfast and supper. On the third night, I camped by a small stream. I figured I’d been asleep for a few hours when my horse nickering awakened me. I rolled easily to my side and reached under my saddle for my pistol. Silhouetted by the starlight were a horse and rider approaching slowly from the north. The rider seemed to be asleep in his saddle and the horse was making his way on his own toward the water. I slowly got to my feet and covered my horse’s nostrils with my palm. I moved behind her and raised the pistol toward the rider. 
The horse passed by me thirty yards away and went straight to the stream and drank. The rider didn’t stir. The horse lifted his head once and turned toward me, and then returned to his drink. I lowered my Colt to my side and walked slowly and quietly to the horse and rider. As I got closer, I could see that the rider’s hands were tied loosely to his saddle horn with a bandana, and that the bandana was crusted with blood. I looked up at the rider and saw he had another bandana tied under his hat and that the left side of his face was dark with dried blood, too.
I untied his hands and let him down onto my shoulder and onto the ground. As I laid him down, he let out a small groan and opened his eyes a bit and immediately passed out again. I removed his hat and the bandana from his head and could see the blood was coming from a ragged gash above his temple. His scalp was partially peeled open and I could see the white bone of his skull under the flap. I took the two bandanas down to the stream and soaked the blood out of them the best I could and brought them back and used the wet rags to clean the clotted blood from the wound. I dragged him over to my camp, rolled out his bedroll and laid him on it. I stoked my fire a bit so I’d have some light to work. I rolled him over and looked him up and down to be sure there were no more wounds. I then retrieved a needle and thread from my kit and used it to make twelve neat stitches to sew his scalp closed—just as I’d seen my mother do once for Bill when he’d accidentally pushed his arm through a window. I figured the scar wouldn’t show much under the hairline, unlike the two scars on Bill’s forearm that looked a bit like two pink nightcrawlers. I was glad the man was unconscious as I was stitching him up so he didn’t holler so much as Bill had.
I took my coffee pot down to the stream and dipped out some water and put it on the fire. I pulled out a couple strips of jerky from my saddlebags and tossed them in the pot to make some broth. I let it simmer a bit while I sat back down on my bedroll and leaned against my saddle and waited for my patient to awake.
I guess I fell asleep again until the rising sun awakened me. The man was still asleep on his blanket but soon he awoke, too. “I’ve got some water here, and some beef broth, if you feel up to it,” I said. I handed him my canteen and he took a few sips. I poured a cup of the broth into my tin cup and traded it to him for the canteen. He nodded his thanks, took a few gulps, and then lay his head back down on the blanket.
“I’m not sure I’m quite up to sitting up yet,” he said, reaching up to feel his head. “Did you stitch me up?”
“Yes I did,” I said. “Looks like someone tried to brain you—and almost succeeded. Just take it easy, I’m in no hurry to get anywhere for a while. After you’ve slept some more, maybe you can tell me how you ended up way out here with your skull peeking out for everyone to see.”
The man smiled a bit. “I’ll be happy to do that as soon as this headache calms down a little. Right now my own voice sounds like pots and pans clanging in my head.” He picked up the cup again and finished the broth.
“No hurry,” I said. “I’ve got all day.” I took one of the Poe books out of my saddlebag and leaned back on my saddle and opened it to “The Fall of the House of Usher” and began to read. Mr. Edmunds had translated the first line of the story for me. I never understood why some authors put French or Latin in their stories at random like that. Did they think anybody in America could speak more than English? 
“His heart is like a suspended lute; once touched it begins to resonate,” Mr. Edmunds had written in pencil. He also wrote underneath that a lute was an old guitar. I needed a lot more practice in English before I tackled any other languages. I was glad for the help.
I did like the idea of the sounding heart though. It made me wonder if Pilar could play the guitar.





18

The fellow slept right on through the day and night. I was lucky I had the book. Even though the stories were very strange, they did keep me occupied during the day, and I was glad for the diversion. I spent a long time thinking about the shortest story in the book, “The Masque of the Red Death.” I decided, like Moby Dick, that Mr. Edmunds had given me this book with a purpose.
As the next morning dawned, my patient moaned again and sat up and put both hands to his head. “I didn’t know it was possible for my head to hurt like that,” he started. “I guess I’ve never been hit that hard before. Could I trouble you for some more water?”
“No trouble at all, fellow,” I said. “The canteen’s right next to you. Help yourself.”
“How long have I been asleep?” he asked.
“From the time you wandered in here, about a day and a half, I guess. If your horse hadn’t come for that water, it probably would have been a lot longer than that,” I said. “My name’s Wes Harris, by the way. What’s yours?”
“Emmet Hayes. And I would have to say I’m very glad to have met you, Wes. Thanks for helping me out.”
“We’ll see if you still thank me when you get a look at that sewing job I did on your head. My advice to you is to grow your hair out long once it heals so nobody can see what a lousy seamstress I am.” Hayes ran his finger along the stiches, counting them. “I’m in no hurry to move along, so you just let me know when you’re ready to travel and I’ll go with you at least as far as the next town.”
“I thank you, Wes, but I am in a hurry to go—if it’s the same to you. I’m following my son. A gang of robbers took him from my farm three days ago and I’ve got to find him before something terrible happens to him.”
“Let’s get moving, then,” I said. “And you can tell me who we’re looking for as we pick up the camp and saddle up.”
“I don’t know a whole lot about them,” said Hayes. “One guy had made an arrangement to buy four horses from me, but when he came to pick them up, there were three other men with him. When I asked for the money, he reached toward his pocket like he was going to pay me, but he grabbed his pistol instead and cracked me on the head. When I woke up, Pat and the horses were gone. I couldn’t find any blood so I figure they must have just taken him with them. I don’t know what they want with a ten-year-old boy. I hope they don’t just leave him in the wilderness. Luckily my wife was visiting a neighbor. I don’t want to think what they would have done to her.”
“What can you tell me about these men?” I asked.
“I didn’t really get a look at the other three,” he said. “But the guy who wanted to buy the horses from me said his name was Simmons.”
“Funny,” I said, “I’m looking for a fellow named Simmons, too. I’d like to ride along with you, if that’s all right. Maybe together we’ll have a better chance of finding your boy.”
We rode south for another two days until we came to a camp with four Mexican vaqueros minding a herd of a hundred head of cattle wearing the Oberto brand. We asked if they’d seen the men and Hayes’ son. The language difference made for a little problem, but with plenty of hand signs and counting on fingers we figured the men had passed through three days earlier. The vaqueros also told us that one man and the boy had ridden off to the southwest toward Oberto’s hacienda, and the other three men had headed to the east toward the Indian trading outpost. 
“I hate to say it, but I think Simmons is planning to take the boy to Mexico to sell him to the Mexicans or the Indians,” I said. “But, if that’s his plan, at least he’ll keep him in good health until he gets there.”
I convinced the vaqueros that I was a friend of Señor Oberto, and was able to talk them into giving us two fresh horses from their remuda in exchange for our worn out ponies. With the fresh horses, we were able to ride through the night and next day without stopping.
The next day, as evening approached, we saw a lone rider coming toward us out of the setting sun. I squinted as hard as I could, but couldn’t make out a face, but as the rider got closer, Hayes said softly, “I think that’s one of them. I recognize my horse.”
“If it is, I want to be on the ground when he sees us,” I said. “Let’s dismount and walk our horses a while.” I swung my leg over the saddle and dismounted. As I did so, I drew the Henry from the scabbard on the right side of my saddle and held it next to my leg where it couldn’t be seen from a distance. As the man approached, I could see it was Simmons. “Don’t do anything hasty,” I said to Hayes. “We need to find out about your boy first.”
But Hayes was in no mood to wait. “Where’s my boy, you son of a bitch?” he yelled while Simmons was still a hundred yards off. Simmons wheeled his horse and immediately kicked him into a full gallop.
“Let’s get after him,” Hayes yelled at me. But I didn’t answer. I raised the Henry, made a mental calculation for the distance and the little westerly wind and squeezed the trigger. Simmon’s horse pitched face first into the dust and Simmons’ body tumbled over its neck and rolled three or four times.
“You killed him,” screamed Hayes. “Now we’ll never find Pat.”
“No, I didn’t kill him,” I said. “At least I don’t think so. He might have broken his neck when he fell. But I am sorry about your horse. I’m pretty sure I did kill him.”
We mounted and galloped up to where Simmons had fallen. He was moaning in the dust and a big knot was beginning to swell up on his forehead where he’d hit the ground. He began to stagger to his feet and reach for his pistol when Hayes bounced down off his horse and hit him across the jaw with the barrel of his pistol.
“You like that?” he said. “It’s going to keep up until you tell me where my son is.” He reached for Simmons’ pistol and tossed it into the brush.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Simmons said while looking at me. “Mister, this man’s loco. I don’t know anything about his son.”
“You know, Simmons, I’d tell the man what he wants to know. Because I know you took his son. And I also know that Mr. Hayes is sort of angry about that and he might just kill you by accident if you don’t start talking soon.
“I know something else about you, too” I said. “I believe you and a few of your pals killed a young man and his mother and their hired man on a farm up by Saragosa last year.”
 “Okay, I admit I took his son, but I don’t have any idea what you are talking about killing the others.”
“Maybe I’m mistaken about that,” I said. “So, I’m going to offer you a proposition. If you tell us right now where Hayes’ son is, I’m going to let you live at least as long as it takes us to ride there and retrieve him. If he’s not where you say he is, or if he’s been harmed, I’m going to let Mr. Hayes kill you any way he wants. If the boy’s in good health, I’ll turn you over to the Rangers for trial.  A couple of years in jail is better than being shot and left out here, right?”
He nodded. “I left him with the saloon keeper in Lajitas for Slade and the others to pick up later,” he said. “Slade said he was going to make a present of him to his boss. That’s all I know. Last time I saw the kid, he was fine.”
“Maybe you can explain why those vaqueros told us that Slade had ridden off to the east while you headed southwest with the boy,” I said. “And, make it convincing.”
“Slade, Karnes and Riley said they were going to a meeting with the boss,” he said. “Or at least Slade was. I think he’s the only one who actually knows who El Patrón is.”
“Why didn’t Slade just take the boy with him?” I asked.
“Because he said he was getting tired of his whimpering and might just shoot him,” said Simmons. “And the boy was going to end up near Lajitas anyway so he told me to just leave him there.”
I turned to Hayes. “Do you believe him?” I asked.
“Yeah, I guess I do,” he said.
“I believe him, too,” I said, “except for one thing.”  With my right hand I leveled the Henry at Simmons’ chest. I reached under my shirt with my left hand and pulled out Bill’s nugget pendant and held it up to him. 
“Do you remember this?” I asked. 
Simmons’ face went white. 
“And do you recall that woman and young man we talked about? They were my mother and brother.”
I pulled the trigger.




19

I bent over Simmons’ body and unbuckled his gun belt and pulled it from around him. I set my rifle down and went through his pockets and found eighty dollars in gold in his vest and another twenty in folding money in his back pocket. I pulled off his boots and found another hundred in notes rolled up in his sock. I walked over to where Hayes had tossed his pistol and picked that up and stuck it back in the holster. I shoved the holster in my saddle bag.
I handed the folding money to Hayes. “Here’s a hundred and twenty for your horses,” I said. “I might need the gold where I’m going, and I’m most certainly going to need the gun.”
“Where you’re going?” said Hayes. “Don’t you mean ‘where we’re going?’ I’m going with you after my son.”
“No, you’re not,” I said. “These other three are the most vicious killers in Texas. And they know who you are. If you ride up on them, two things are going to happen. They’re going to kill your boy and then they’ll kill you. And they wouldn’t regret doing either one for even one second.
“I’m a Texas Ranger, and I can tell you we’ve been after this gang for a long time. I’ve got plenty of help on the way and we’ll find your boy and get him back to you. The best you can do now is go home and tell your wife your son is all right and that he’ll be home soon. She needs you, too. And I promise I’ll get him home safe.”
He took a bit more persuading, but finally Hayes mounted up and rode back toward the north. As he rode off, I took out my jack knife and twirled it a bit on my fingertip. I was considering carving El Diablo’s name on Simmons’ chest when I heard a coyote yelp in the growing darkness.
“I’m going to leave you for him,” I said to Simmons. “At least you’ll do one living thing some good for once.”
I swung back up onto the Mexican pony and trotted south for about an hour before stopping to camp for the night. I figured I could reach the Big Bend country by evening the day after tomorrow, even if I took it easy.
I began seeing more signs of Oberto’s domain the further south I rode. The landscape was beginning to turn from the mesquite scrub and sparse grass of the high plain to the richer country nearer the river. Cattle dotted nearly every hillside and wisps of smoke rose from the branding and cooking fires of the vaqueros who tended them. A herd of goats ranged one hill, and in the distance I could hear a shepherd’s dog edging the herd down the hill for the night. As I topped the hill, I could see the purple evening shadows beginning to cover the river valley below. At the edge of the shadows, still a few miles off, I could see several buildings. I wasn’t sure which was larger, the barn or the house.
I got off the horse and just stared into the deepening valley. It was a picture like I’d seen in some of the colored engravings in Mr. Edmunds’ books. The sun was still high enough above the horizon to cast its warm light on the adobe walls of the buildings. The high streaks of clouds were turning shades of pink and violet above the soft green of the pasture surrounding the house. A light breeze kicked up as the sun settled further, and I could smell the river and the grass below. I decided I’d wait until morning to ride down to the house. I turned east a bit and looked for a stream that ran down to the river and made my camp. I would need a little water for cooking and coffee, and a lot more to try to make myself presentable before approaching the house. As I looked down at my dirty blue shirt, I saw that it seemed to be speckled with several little brown dots. It took me a few seconds to realize the dots were Simmons’ blood. 
I woke the next morning and stripped to my long johns. I took my shirt, my trousers, and the bar of soap from my kit and walked into the stream and sat down and began to scrub myself over the top of the long johns. When I’d got them all soapy I dunked myself to rinse off and started in on the shirt. I did the best I could on the shirt and trousers then wrung them out and hung them over a tree branch. It took me just a second to realize that the long johns weren’t going to dry with me still in them, so I shed them and hung them on the branch, too. I figured the clothes would take an hour or so to dry in the breezy morning sun. I put my hat back on and pulled it down a bit to shade my eyes and sat on my bedroll to read.
Mr. Poe must have put me to napping because I didn’t hear the horses walk up behind me. It was the voice that awakened me.
“Oh, María, don’t you agree that we see the strangest new things on our morning rides around father’s ranch? Just yesterday we saw a big horn antelope, and today we’re treated to a naked literate cowboy.”
It was Pilar.
“Mr. Smith,” she added, “When I invited you to visit, I’m sure someone told you that you should bring a gift. But don’t you think that flowers or perhaps a little torte would have been sufficient? This is far too much.”
I grabbed the hat from my head and used it to cover myself as well as I could. I thought my next move should be to pull my pistol and shoot myself, but given my current state of agitation, I figured I’d probably miss. So I took a deep breath in through my mouth and let it out through my nose.
“Pilar and María. I am so pleased to see you,” I stammered.
“Ben, we’re very glad to see you, too,” laughed María, “although I have to say, we didn’t think we’d be seeing quite so much of you. Pilar, why don’t we turn around for a minute so Ben can rewrap his gifts and then we can all head to the ranch for breakfast?”
“I suppose we could do that,” Pilar answered. “But only after Mr. Smith tells me how he came to be reading Edgar Allen Poe while unclothed. I know Poe has a hypnotic effect on some people, but I’ve never seen it manifested quite like this before.”
“Pilar, I was taking a bath and washing my clothes. I was trying to clean some of the horse smell off me before I saw you,” I said.
“Really?” she laughed. “You needn’t have bothered. Since I’ve been in Texas, I’ve learned that horses smell like men, not the other way around. It’s the same sort of way that pigs smell like Iowa men.  I have to say, though, that I prefer the odor of horses to pigs—when it comes to men.
“But you were sweet to try,” she smiled.
She turned her horse back down the hill and María followed. Over her shoulder she called, “Be sure to let your underwear dry thoroughly before you put it back on. We wouldn’t want you to chafe in the saddle. However, we’ll expect you for a late breakfast in an hour. Don’t be late. Esperanza hates it when people are late for meals.” She spurred her horse and María did the same. They were out of sight down the hill in seconds.





20

When I arrived at the hacienda, Señor Oberto was sitting under a small section of tiled roof that extended from above two high, carved front doors. The roof existed, no doubt, to provide welcoming shade to the home’s visitors, as well as a pleasant place to sit and view the mountains that framed the ranch. “Welcome Ben. We’re very glad to see you again. We’ve been expecting you.”
“Yes, sir. I want to apologize for that. I’m afraid Pilar and María came up sort of unexpectedly.”
“Yes,” he laughed. “The girls told me they’d… uhh…seen you. But I was referring to the little bit of horse-trading you did with one of my vaqueros a few days ago. He brought your horses back here, by the way. We fed them and cleaned them up for you. They are in the barn when you are ready to go. What happened to your companion, by the way?”
“I just met that fellow along the trail. He said he had some business down this way and asked if I wanted to ride together for a while. We split up the day before yesterday and I believe he rode on to Fort Davis. He said he had to collect a debt and then he was headed back to his home.”
 “I’m sorry I won’t be able to meet him,” said Oberto. “I like to meet the men who have business around here. I like to see if I can do some business with honest men whenever I can—even if it’s only trading a horse or two.” He paused.
“Shall we have some breakfast?” He stood up and pushed open one of the doors and waved me in. “We’re on the patio. It’s through here.”
I knew what the word patio meant, but I’d never seen one before—and if I had, it certainly was not like this one. The patio was an open shaded area surrounded on all sides by the house. The house itself was two stories. I could see through the tall windowed doors what looked like a sitting room, a library, another large room that looked like Señor Oberto’s office, and a passageway that led in one direction to the kitchen and another to what were probably the servants’ quarters. Attached to the second floor was an exterior hallway that served as a common balcony for all the upper story rooms. I could just glimpse the walls of the upper story to see six sets of double glass doors that were hung with sheer white curtains. On the walls between the doors hung oil paintings of stern looking men and women standing in front of even sterner looking landscapes.
The balcony began at the top of a grand stone stairway and circled three sides of patio from above. It was about twelve feet wide and was supported by stone columns that were topped by intricately carved figures. Each column had a different carving. Some were dog’s heads, some looked like puma’s heads, others were monkeys, and some were animals that appeared to me to be more imaginary than real.
The balcony provided shade for most of the patio. In the center of the open space was a large circular fountain with a tapered circular stone column in the middle. From the top of the column came a constant gurgle of water that ran gently down the column and into the knee-high basin that surrounded it. Ceramic tiles that portrayed animals much like the ones on the heads of the columns covered the outside of the basin. The tiles were all painted in a light blue I figured must have been chosen to match the cloudless sky above. I walked over and looked down into the basin. There were fish in there. They looked like carp, but were golden in color. The bottom of the basin was also lined with tiles, but, instead of being painted with animals, these were all done in multicolored geometric patterns of eight-pointed stars that seemed to be locked together in chains.
Two deep green orange trees growing on either side of the patio shaded most of the area that was not covered by the balcony. Dense creeping vines that were sprouting large purple and pink flowers covered the remaining wall. A round table set for four sat under one of the orange trees.
Señor Oberto stood silently near the fountain and let me wander around and marvel.
“Aren’t the bougainvillea beautiful today, Father?” I heard María say from the stairway. “I’m going to miss them so when I return to Iowa.”
“But isn’t Iowa noted for its beautiful wild roses?” said Oberto. “I think perhaps they chose it as their state flower with my two wild roses in mind, don’t you think, Mr. Smith?”
“I wouldn’t be surprised,” I said. “I can’t think of a more apt choice—a flower known for its layers of beauty, its delicate aroma—and its thorns.”
Oberto laughed heartily.
As the two girls reached the bottom of the stairs I could see they had changed from their riding clothes. María was wearing a red blouse with a multicolored Mexican skirt, but Pilar was wearing a simple white cotton dress that had been embroidered around the neckline and the cuffs. The white made her dark hair and olive complexion even more striking. Since she had been on the ranch for a few months, her face had taken on a golden tan that was only a few shades lighter than the creamed sweet coffee that had already been poured into our cups. Pilar swept over to the table, picked up one of the cups and took a long drink.
“Speaking of aromas, Mr. Smith, of course we’re all very glad that you didn’t douse yourself again with eau de caballo after your bath.” 
“But I thought you said you liked the smell of horse, Pili,” said María.
“No, Mari, I said I liked the smell of men,” answered Pilar.
She turned back to me. “I am also happy you dressed yourself for breakfast, Mr. Smith, but I do have one question. Why do you bother to wash a shirt that you seem to have been wearing while slaughtering cattle?”
I looked down at the spatters of Simmons blood that dotted the front of my shirt. “I am sorry about that, Miss Oberto,” I said. “I shot a coyote the other day that was chasing one of Señor Oberto’s goats, and when I went up to finish him off at close range, I’m afraid I got a bit of his blood on me. I scrubbed it as well as I could in the stream, but, if it pleases you, I’ll happily ride into town first chance I get and buy a new shirt.”
“No need for that,” said Pilar. “I’m sure father has some shirts he doesn’t need any longer that he can give you. Isn’t that right father?”
“Of course,” said Oberto. “I’m sure I have some that I had as a younger man.” He laughed as he patted his ample stomach. “I owe you at least six for killing a coyote who was after my goats. I’m very partial to my goats. I much prefer their milk and cheese to what I get from my cows. I’ll have one of the servants bring you a couple after we finish eating.”
“Oh, yes,” added Pilar. “I forgot goats. I would put their odor just above pigs, but somewhere below cows.”
“Have you given much thought to this rank of odors?” I asked her. “Because, I’m sure I’d like to hear more about your research sometime. Me, I’m partial to the odors that are coming from the kitchen.”
As I said it, a young Mexican woman pushed open the door from the kitchen with her hip and came to the table carrying two plates of corn meal hotcakes topped with sliced strawberries in sweet syrup. She was also carrying a large bowl of sliced oranges, mangoes and melon. Behind her was a young blond boy, also carrying two plates of hotcakes. He set his plates down in front of María and me while the Mexican woman served Señor Oberto and Pilar. She set the bowl of fruit in the center of the table. 
“Quieren algo más?” the woman asked Oberto. 
“Yes, Esperanza, I do think we’d all like some more of your delicious coffee. And please send the boy back with some more butter, as well.”
Esperanza left the room to fetch the coffee, and a moment later, the boy came back in with the butter. “Thank you, Patrick,” said María. “You know, Ben, these cakes are even better slathered in butter. Although, I’m afraid if I keep eating them like that, I’m going to be as fat as father.”
“Oh, I doubt that,” said Oberto. “You both have your mother’s slim build. You must have got that along with her sharp wit. Don’t you agree, Ben?”
“I’m sorry sir. I wasn’t listening for a moment there. I was thinking about these hotcakes.”
 I lied. I wasn’t thinking about the hotcakes. I was thinking about the boy named Patrick and what he was doing at Oberto’s hacienda.





21

After breakfast, Pilar showed me to the guest room on the second floor. It was one of the rooms with the tall double doors and was like no other I’d ever slept in. The bed was wide enough for three people and was covered by a lacy canopy, although I could see no reason for a canopy, lacy or otherwise, when the bed was indoors. In the corner of the room was a large armoire with carved wooden doors. It was more than big enough to hold everything I owned but my horse. It probably could have held her, too, if I could have convinced her to sit up like a dog. On the walls were more portraits of stern looking Spanish people. The largest was of a man on a white horse. Around the horse’s feet were several large longhaired dogs, which I figured was a good way for one of those dogs to get a kick he wouldn’t forget.
I walked around the room a little more. “If this room just had a watering trough, it’d be big enough for a small remuda,” I said.
“The trough, or bath as we call it, is through here,” she said, pushing open a curtained glass door in the wall opposite the armoire. “Unlike the English, the Spanish learned a long time ago how to actually bring water and a toilet into the house, and how to dispose of the waste without just throwing it out the window. Of course, it was the Moors who actually taught the Spanish about running water, so we can’t claim all the credit,” she smiled.
I looked into the room and saw a washstand, a bathtub, and a stone seat with a hole in it that seemed to serve the same function as the privy behind the bunkhouse at Mr. Edmunds’ ranch. I noticed though, that it certainly didn’t smell like the privy at Edmunds’ ranch. I looked down the hole to see if there was anything in it.
“You’ll notice a slight movement of air down the hole,” said Pilar. “There’s a chimney pipe on the roof for each of the privies in the house. When the outdoor breeze blows across the chimney, it sucks air from inside the house down the hole, and takes any odor out with it. It’s very ingenious, don’t you think?”
“I certainly do,” I said. “Now if we could just figure out how to put chimneys like those on horses, everything would be darn near perfect.”
“Yes it would,” she smiled. “I’ll send the boy up soon with some of father’s shirts for you, and, if you like, we could take a ride into town shortly. I have some things I need, and you also look like you could use a second pair of trousers. Those are getting sort of thin and I don’t think any of father’s will fit you.”
“That would be nice,” I said. “I just came into a little money from some work I’ve been doing on the side, and I suppose I could use a new pair of trousers to celebrate my prosperity.”
“Good, shall we leave then in about half an hour? It will give me time to change back into riding clothes and for you to change your shirt.
“I do hope you like the room,” she said over her shoulder as she left. “If you need anything, María and I are just down the hall in the last two rooms. Be sure to announce yourself if you do come calling, though, because María has a pistol under her pillow.”
“Don’t you think you need one?” I said after her.
“No, I don’t,” she said without turning around. “The only thing under my bed covers is me.”
I went back into the room and into the bath to splash some cold water on my face. As I was drying myself on the thick cotton towel hanging on the bar behind the door, I heard a knock and a small voice.
“Mister, I brought your shirts,” it said.
“Come in,” I said as I walked into the bedroom. “Can you please just put them on the bed and I’ll try them on in a minute.”
“Yes, sir,” and he turned to leave.
“Just a minute, son,” I said. “I’d like to talk to you for a bit, if that’s all right.”
“Yes, sir,” he said again. He stood stock still with his hands at his sides and looked up at me. I could see he was afraid.
“My name’s Ben. What’s your name?” I said, although I knew the answer.
“It’s Pat, sir.”
“Do you have a last name, Pat?” I continued.
“It’s Hayes.”
“How is it that you’re working here for the Obertos?” I asked. “Does your father work for Señor Oberto?”
“No. My father’s dead,” he answered. I could see his eyes begin to water and a tear ran down his left cheek. He wiped his face with his sleeve.
“So did the Obertos take you in when your father died?”
“I can’t tell you anymore,” he said.
“Sure, you can, Pat. My father died when I was younger than you are. Please tell me what happened.”
“I can’t,” he sobbed and ran out of my room and down the stairs.
I sat on the bed for a moment and wondered if I should follow him. But I decided I’d better try to find out a little more via other means before I let on what I knew, even to Pat. I reached over and picked up one of Señor Oberto’s shirts. Pat had left four on the bed. Two were white, one was a cream color, and the other was a light blue. All of them had pleated fronts and were decorated with simple embroidery on the chest, down the pleats and around the bottom. I picked up the blue one and put it on. It fit perfectly.  I was starting to tuck it into my trousers when Pilar came to the door.
She was wearing a brown riding skirt that came down to the middle of her calves, plain soft leather boots, and a cream colored linen blouse. On her head was the black flat brimmed hat with the silver tipped strings I’d seen before.
“You don’t tuck it in, you fool. Some Mexican woman spent hours embroidering the bottom of that shirt and you’re going to hide it under those raggedy trousers?”
“But if I don’t tuck it in, it will slow me down if I have to get to my pistol.”
“Do you think you’ll need that pistol to purchase your trousers, or to help me carry some small packages back from the store? Or, are you afraid of me? Besides, we’re taking the wagon. You can put your arsenal under the seat if it makes you feel safer. Let’s go.”
We walked down the stairs and out the front of the house to the covered entryway where Señor Oberto had met me that morning. One of the vaqueros had pulled up a small wagon hitched to two matched black horses and was standing at their heads holding the harness. He made a move to help Pilar into the seat, but I beat him to it, holding her hand and letting her push off mine to boost herself up. I stepped up beside her and picked up the reins. I reached back and dropped my gun belt into the toolbox behind the seat.
“Actually, I prefer to drive,” said Pilar, reaching to take the reins from my hand.
“Actually, so do I,” I said as I flicked my wrist and gave the horses a little slap on the rump with the reins. “How far is it to town?” I asked.
“About an hour and a half, at this pace,” she said. 
“Let’s see if we can make it in two hours.” I said.
“That would be fine, too,” she smiled at me. “I guess those new trousers can wait another half hour.”
We rode in silence a while before I spoke again. “Tell me more about your father,” I said. “He certainly seems to have done very well. And he seems to love you and María very much.”
“I am sure he does,” she said. “Although he also loves the life he has built here. When he took over the land grant from his uncle, there was no hacienda with working plumbing, there were no goats, there were a lot fewer cattle, and a lot less land. It’s true that my uncle gave him a start, but what you see here, my father built. You see, my mother never understood him, and never believed when he’d disappear for weeks at a time that he was working to build this place.
“Let’s be frank, Ben. A man cannot build a business like this without grinding off a corner here and there. I know from going through the ledgers in his library, for example, that he and his men would regularly ride into Mexico to steal cattle. Of course, the Mexicans would come up and steal them back all the time, too. I suppose my father came out ahead because he was willing to hire men who were just a little more ruthless than the men he was up against, and so he eventually ended up with most of the cattle around here.
“I also know that he bought out every homesteader who tried to encroach on what he thought was his range. I don’t think he ever ran anyone off by violence, but he made it clear to them that it would be in their best interests to do business with him. I know in many cases, the homesteaders still live in their original small homes, and work for my father now. He pays them a fair wage and he treats them well. Those goats you saw are tended by one of those families. They brought their goats here from Mexico to graze, and father bought their herd and now pays them to take care of them. As long as father gets his milk and cheese, he’s happy.”
“I’m sure when your father rides up with several of his men and says he wants to buy something, the negotiations mostly go his way,” I said.
“I’m sure of that, too,” said Pilar, “but look at it another way. Those people all have work. They live for free on his land, and nobody starves during the winter. When someone gets sick or injured, Father sends for a doctor. When a family has a baby, Father always visits and brings a gift. They don’t have to worry about bandits or Indians. Father takes care of all that, and I’ve never heard any of them complain.”
“You are probably not the first person any one of them would complain to,” I said. “That is if they dared to complain at all.”
“That’s not how it is,” she insisted. “These people love my father. In fact, all the Mexicans call him Patrón.”
“Patrón?” I said. “Isn’t that the name of the leader of the gang of bandits that’s operating around here?”
“Don’t be silly. The word patrón is a word of respect and admiration. It means defender and protector. It comes from the same root as the word for ‘father.’ It’s hardly a name for a criminal. El Patrón is just the name the stupid Rangers are calling some bandit leader they aren’t even sure really exists. El Patrón the criminal is no more real than María’s story about El Diablo running around the territory murdering people.”
“You’re probably right,” I said. “But there is a gang in the territory that has been doing a lot of robbing and rustling. I ran across a guy a while back coming from Mr. Edmunds’ ranch with a mess of his cows.”
“And what does some lone rustler have to do with some gang led by El Patrón? It’s nonsense. If you want to know what my father is really like, think about that boy who served our breakfast this morning and brought you the shirts. He’s an orphan that one of Father’s men picked up on the trail. His father had been killed by outlaws and Father’s man brought him to our house because he knew he would take him in.”
“Yes,” I said. “I do believe your father is a kind man who would do something like that. And the man who brought him to your father probably is as well. Do you know his name?”
“I’ve only seen him around the house a few times,” she said. “He’s sort of mysterious. He only shows up after dark and he and Father usually go right to his study and talk for a while, and then he leaves after an hour or so. Father’s never introduced him to María and me.
“But I was walking past the study once when this man was in there. I think I heard Father call him Slade.”




22

I snapped the reins again on the horses’ backs. I was now in more of a hurry to get to town—and to get back to the hacienda. We went into the dry goods store and I got my Levis, and Pilar picked out another pair of dressier dark blue trousers for me as well. “I am paying for these,” she smiled. “Or rather, Father is.”
She also picked up some dress patterns she’d ordered and twenty-four tins of smoked fish packed in olive oil that the storekeeper ordered specially for Señor Oberto. “Father loves to eat these with the pickled yellow peppers Esperanza’s mother puts up specially for him,” she said. “When he opens these tins, they smell so bad María and I have to go outside. But he just takes big forkfuls, puts them on these hard wheat crackers Esperanza makes and drops them into his mouth. Disgusting.”
We stepped out of the store and into the sunny street. It was time for the midday siesta and not much was stirring. A few men sat in the shade on the board sidewalk, smoking. Others stood in small groups talking.
“When we were about ten,” Pilar continued, “he once got María and me to try one of the yellow peppers. He paid us each ten dollars to eat one and we both ran out of the house crying they were so hot. My mother was furious with him. I remember her yelling at him, ‘Vicente Oberto, what is your problem?’” She laughed at the memory. “But, Ben, I like those yellow peppers now, and I love to sit in the kitchen and talk to my Father and eat them with some good chorizo and bread. Not the fish though. That’s disgusting.
“I think that’s the difference between Father and Mother. Father likes his life with strong flavors. Mother wants to boil everything, including Father, until it all tastes the same.
“Ben, I do believe you like a lot of spice as well, don’t you?” she added.
“Oh no, Pilar. In fact I’d never even had Mexican food in my life until that first meal with you at Mr. Edmunds’ house. I’m still getting used to hot peppers.”
“Ben, don’t act stupid with me. You know very well I wasn’t talking about Mexican food.”
“Yeah, I guess I did,” I said. “Honestly, I am learning that I like hot peppers very much. Very much.”
“You’d better,” she said.
Down the street a bit, I saw a well-dressed man back out of the front door of a building, lean over and lock the door, and head down the street toward the cantina. Pilar saw him too. “That’s Mr. Ardel,” said Pilar. “He’s father’s competition. He has a ranch up the river a piece, and his cattle and father’s are always getting mixed up on the west range. There’s been some tension between him and Father over the years, but it seems to be settled down a bit now.”
She called out to him. “Mr. Ardel. I have someone I want you to meet.” He stopped on the sidewalk and waited for Pilar and me to walk across the street. “Mr. Allen Ardel, may I present Mr. Ben Smith. Mr. Smith is visiting us for a few days. He used to work for Chris Edmunds.”
“Pleased to meet you, Ben. I see Pilar brought you along to tote for her. Her father tells me she never comes to town without someone to help her carry home half the store,” he laughed.
“Well we only bought a quarter of the store today, Mr. Ardel, so I guess I could have settled for just a pack mule, but Ben is slightly better company,” she said.
“I’m about to have my lunch in the cantina down the street,” said Ardel. “Would you two care to join me?”
“That sounds like a good idea,” she said turning to me. “Let’s have a little lunch before we go back to the ranch. The woman at that cantina makes great pork tamales.”
As usual, it was no good protesting to Pilar. Getting back to check on Pat Hayes and El Patrón would have to wait.
 “And Mr. Ardel can tell us why he gave up an honest profession like the law in favor of being a cattleman,” she continued.
 “That’s an easy one,” he laughed. “Seems most legal disputes around here are settled by a Colt pistol rather than a judge, so there’s not much use for a lawyer, unless he can shoot. On the other hand, everybody in the country needs beef, so I figured that was a good business to be in.”
“Yes, it seems to suit you and Father,” said Pilar. “And Ben, too, although he differs from the usual cowhand in that he can read. Isn’t that right Ben? In fact, he loves reading so much, he sometimes forgets to get dressed first.”
“That is real dedication indeed,” said Ardel. “Or it must have been a very good book.”
“I don’t think there’s much use trying to respond to Pilar’s teasing,” I said. “I haven’t found a way to keep up with her yet. But I will keep trying.”
“Maybe a little training in the law might help,” said Ardel. “Sometimes the orator can carry the day—even when he doesn’t have the best case.”
“I’ll have to give that some thought,” I said. “Although with Pilar, I think you might have been right earlier when you mentioned the persuasive power of firearms. When it comes to words, I feel like I’m always outgunned.”
“Don’t be so modest, Ben,” answered Pilar. “I’ve heard you be very disarming. In fact, you’d probably make a good lawyer because so far I’ve heard a lot of talking, but not seen much doing—at least where I’m concerned.
“Let’s eat. I’m starved,” she said. And that was the end of that topic.
Ardel did end up telling us a bit more about his business. His ranch was nearly as large as Oberto’s and he’d just finished a drive to the railhead in Abilene where he’d sold over nine thousand head and shipped them to the slaughterhouses in Chicago.
“That was a good piece of business,” he said. “And I have the proceeds to buy more cattle in Mexico to rebuild my herd a bit. In fact, there’s probably never been this much cash in this town in its history.”
“I wouldn’t let that fact get around, if I were you, Mr. Ardel. The El Patrón gang might get interested in making a withdrawal,” I said.
“Could be,” said Ardel. “But the money is well secure, and it’s going to be gone from here very soon—the day after tomorrow, in fact. So there’s not much time for anyone to pull off a robbery.”
“I do hope you’re right, sir,” I said. 
“I do too,” sniffed Pilar. “And you better watch out for El Diablo, too. I hear he’s a bad one.”
“Pilar, I said, “we should be heading back to your Father’s ranch. It’s going to be near dark before we get there, and I don’t want your father to worry.”
“Yes, I suppose you’re right,” she said. “Mr. Ardel, it was nice to see you, and good luck in Mexico. I’m glad there’s someone around here to keep Father on his toes.”




23

We set a less leisurely pace on the way home and made it back to Oberto’s ranch just as the sun was setting. We had some lemonade on the patio and Esperanza announced that dinner would be served at nine, which I learned was fairly typical of the Oberto household. Pilar told me that we would be having a more Spanish dinner tonight. I don’t know if it was Spanish, but it was delicious. Thinly sliced cured ham, goat cheese, bread, olives, what looked like a pie made out of eggs and potatoes, and some dry wine called Sherry. I wondered why they named the wine after a woman, but I didn’t ask.
As we finished, Señor Oberto excused himself. “I have some bookkeeping to do,” he said. “I hate it, but it has to be done if I’m to support my daughters.” 
He stood up, pushed his chair back and dropped his napkin on his plate. “Ben,” he said, “I have many books in my study. Most of them are in Spanish, but we also have many in English if you’d like to have a look. Perhaps we could have a dessert sherry and cigar and talk a bit while I look over my ledgers.” He started for the door of the study.
I dropped my napkin on the table, too, and stood up quickly. 
“I’d love to have a look at your books, although I’m not much for cigars and I’ve never had sherry before tonight.” I said. And, I thought to myself, I’d love to hear you explain what you and Slade have to do with each other. But instead I continued with, “Perhaps you can tell me more about how you build a ranch like this one—or Mr. Edmunds’. My family’s farm barely was big enough to support the four of us.”
I looked at Pilar and María as if to beg their leave. 
“Go on,” said Pilar. “We’re used to being ignored. Although I’ll never understand why men would close themselves in a smoky room when there’s the fresh breeze of a beautiful evening to be enjoyed. Come on, María,” she huffed. “Talking about cattle is only slightly better than smelling them. Let’s go out to the garden with our coffee.” But as she rose from the table, I could see the two women exchange smiles.
Señor Oberto and I also grinned at each other as he swung open the tall door of the study. “Pilar got her sense of humor from me,” he said, “although the sarcasm came in a direct line from her mother. I’m pretty sure it passed directly though the umbilical cord, in fact,” he laughed. “At any rate, it wasn’t diluted at all.”
“Yes, I’ve been on the receiving end of that a bit myself,” I replied. “But, I’d say she’s pretty harmless if you just don’t let it bother you.”
“Very true,” said Oberto. “Pilar’s wit is sharp, but it’s tempered by her big heart and huge spirit. I think she mostly does it to amuse herself, rather than to hurt anyone else. That is a subtle distinction that her mother does not possess. Her mother’s sarcasm is purposeful. She uses it like a vaquero’s whip—to keep her livestock in line. I guess that’s the reason we’re not together any more. I don’t mind being prodded a little, but I do mind being constantly flogged,” he laughed.
He walked behind his desk and opened the glass doors of a cupboard on the wall and took down two small glasses and a crystal bottle of a dark chestnut colored liquid. “Will you toast spirited women with me, Ben?” he asked. “This is a sweeter sherry called Amontillado which is much tastier for dessert than the dry drink we had before supper.
 “My wife never understood me, or Pilar, for that matter,” he continued. “She wanted me to stay in Iowa and be a shopkeeper or a clerk for the railroad. And she probably wants Pilar to marry a clerk. But once you’ve lived in country like this, a shop or a yardmaster’s shack looks very small. I couldn’t make her believe that such a life was not for me,” he sighed. “So here I am today.”
I smiled. “Señor Oberto. I think I know just what you’re talking about. But, I was wondering if you could fill in the story a little about how you went from almost being a shopkeeper in Iowa to owning the biggest ranch in southwest Texas. I’ve got a feeling that story could probably fill most of one of these books you’ve got here.”
“Oh, I don’t think my story is interesting enough for a book,” he laughed. “Perhaps a couple of good campfire stories would sum up my life. Besides,” he said, “not everything worth learning can be contained in a book, or expressed in words at all. Life is things like emotion and determination, tenderness and hardheaded logic, forgiveness and revenge. It would take a much better storyteller than I am to put all that down the way it ought to be.”
“I think you underestimate yourself, sir,” I said. “At least as a storyteller. It would be very difficult for anyone to underestimate you in any other way.”
He laughed. “Some have underestimated me in the past,” he said. “And not just Pilar’s mother.
“People who haven’t built anything like this ranch think it just takes money, and that if they had some, they could do what I’ve done. But it takes much more than money. It takes heart. It takes much more than land. It takes a willingness to do unpleasant things. Sometimes it means employing men that are more than simple vaqueros. It means sometimes hiring men who are better with their pistolas than their látigos.”
He stared into his sherry glass for a moment.
“Ben, in this country there’s very little law and even less absolute morality. The life we’ve chosen constantly presents us with decisions that can’t always be framed by clear lines of right and wrong. Most of the time, the line is quite faint, if it exists at all. And if you can see it, you often find that it’ll move on you, depending on who’s drawing it...and where.
“Sort of like the border between here and Mexico?” I asked.
“Yes,” he said. “Or any other property lines. Perhaps tomorrow night we can take a little ride across a line or two and see what we can learn. Let’s be ready to go around eight. I’ll have Esperanza make us a supper we can eat on the trail. Sleep late tomorrow because we’ll probably be up all night.”




24

I took Oberto’s advice and slept in until about nine. It seemed odd to still be in bed at that hour, but then I’d never slept on a bed like this one before. It was soft and the sheets smelled of lavender or lilac. I wasn’t sure of exactly which, except that I’d never heard of laundry soap being infused with flowers before. My sheets at home had been bone stiff and smelled of iron and lye.
After washing my face and hands, I came down the stairs, following the smell of coffee onto the patio. Pilar and María were sitting at the dining table behind the remnants of the morning’s chilaquiles and fruit salad. 
“It looks like I missed breakfast,” I said sheepishly.
“Oh, don’t worry,” said Pilar. “The eating schedule around here, like everywhere else, revolves around the men. I’m sure Esperanza wouldn’t mind cooking breakfast a third time. Father had eaten and was gone long before María and I came down.
“María and I are going for a ride,” she continued. “Father told me to tell you he had left some books for you on his desk and that you should take it easy today because he’s going to work you hard tonight. I’m not sure what he meant by that, but you should probably take him at his word about the hard work. I’ve seen what he expects out of his vaqueros. However, I’ve never seen him recommend Don Quixote to any of those ruffians.
“I hope you’re around when we return from our ride. I’m expecting a book report. Don Quixote is one of my favorite books and I want you to explain it to us. The story about the inflatable dog is my favorite,” she said with a smile. “I’ve marked it for you.”
“The what dog?” I said, but she and María just laughed and walked out the patio door toward the stable.
I helped myself to a cup of coffee from the pot left on the table and strolled back toward the kitchen to look for Esperanza. I bumped into her as she was coming out the door to pick up Pilar and María’s dishes. Over my objections, she promised to be right back with some eggs, bacon and fruit. I had to convince her not to bother with another entire order of chilaquiles.
I took my cup of coffee into Señor Oberto’s study. On his desk were two thick volumes marked as Don Quixote I and II. On the top of the first was a note from Oberto urging me to enjoy the story and not to worry much about the rather old language of the translation. Inserted just a couple pages into the second volume was a card written in a feminine hand. It said, “Do you think it’s an easy thing to inflate a dog?”
I took the books back out to the patio table to eat my eggs and wonder why anyone would ever even think of inflating a dog, much less get to the point of worrying about whether or not it would be easy to do so. I figured that if this was a question that concerned Pilar, I might have to fret about my feelings for her more than I already had been. I decided I had better start at the beginning of book one and sort out the questions, and my answers, later. The book started out just as mysterious: “In a place in La Mancha, whose name I don’t want to remember, there once lived…”
I was getting more confused by the moment, not only by the book, but by the Obertos themselves. Even as odd as some of Poe’s stories were, with their masked murderers and collapsing houses, they at least made some sort of sense. I was looking forward to hearing more from Señor Oberto tonight, but, if this was his idea of a story, I was afraid that trying to figure him out would be much more difficult than I imagined. As for trying to understand why Pilar had referred me to a story of an inflatable dog—well that just made me want to go back to bed and maybe try to start the day all over again tomorrow.
But I was determined to plunge ahead. I read a few chapters of the first volume of Don Quixote. I was a little stalled by the formal language, and there were a few things I didn’t really figure out except that the man was absolutely insane…but also absolutely determined to do the right thing as he saw it, despite how hard or crazy it seemed. However I struggled to concentrate on the story, though, my mind was always drawn to Pilar’s note and the story of the inflatable dog. By now, I figured I might know enough about Don Quixote to understand why someone might think of inflating a dog.
I put down the first volume and walked over to the desk and picked up the one containing Pilar’s bookmark. It turns out the story wasn’t actually a part of the book, but part of a letter the author wrote to his readers explaining why he had written a book at all. 
There was a madman in Seville who took to one of the drollest absurdities and vagaries that ever madman in the world gave way to. It was this: he made a tube of reed sharp at one end, and catching a dog in the street, or wherever it might be, he with his foot held one of its legs fast, and with his hand lifted up the other, and as best he could fixed the tube where, by blowing, he made the dog as round as a ball; then holding it in this position, he gave it a couple of slaps on the belly, and let it go, saying to the bystanders (and there were always plenty of them): "Do your worships think, now, that it is an easy thing to blow up a dog?"--Does your worship think now, that it is an easy thing to write a book?

If that was what passed for an explanation of why someone would write a book, I guess I’d never understand why any book had ever been written. I thought the Poe stories and Moby Dick were both very odd in their own ways but this was entirely perplexing. And, it made Pilar even more mysterious to me than ever. Why would anyone find this funny? I resolved to take a nap and dream about it. Maybe it would come to me.
I settled into the leather sofa in the office and kept reading until I fell asleep. It didn’t take long.




25

I woke to the sound of horses outside the window and the smell of supper from the patio. I looked up at the clock on the mantle. It said five minutes to seven. I figured I’d slept for about two hours. I jumped up quickly, licked my hand and used it to comb my hair as well as I could. I didn’t want anyone—particularly Pilar—to know I’d fallen asleep reading again. At least this time, I was fully clothed.
I pulled open the study door and stepped into the patio to see Oberto, Pilar and María just sitting down at the dinner table. “We wondered where you were,” said María. “We sent Patrick around the house to look for you, but he’s under instruction not to enter Father’s study, so that must be why he couldn’t find you.”
“Oh, I knew just where he was and what he was doing,” said Pilar. “He was availing himself of the somniferous attributes of the great Cervantes. There’s nothing better than a thick tome to summon sweet Morpheus to our side, in my opinion. Of course it’s easier for some than others to empty their brains of thought. Don’t you agree, Ben?”
“I’m sure anyone who spends much time thinking about inflatable dogs is an expert on empty minds,” I answered. “Although I have no idea what ‘somniferous’ means or who sweet Morpheus is, I’m a hundred percent in agreement with whatever you said. Anyone who can come up with words like that must know what she’s talking about.”
Oberto guffawed. “Pilar, you might want to let that one go. So far it’s a draw, and I’m betting that Ben’s sparring abilities improve as the bout goes on. Besides, we have somewhere to be. Let’s use our mouths to put some food in our bellies. Ben and I have a long ride ahead of us.”
We dug into the broiled chicken and salad. I looked at Pilar and made a gesture of reconciliation with my eyebrows. She pretended not to notice.
As we finished the supper, Oberto pushed his chair back and stood up. “Ben, get yourself ready for a long ride. Wear dark clothes and don’t forget chaps, there will be lots of rough country where we’re going. The horses have been saddled. Meet me in front of the corral in five minutes.”
“Yes, sir,” I said. “I’ll be right there.” I nodded to Pilar and María as I took my napkin from my lap and set it on the table.”
“Don’t forget the part about the dark clothes,” said Pilar. “That white shirt would make an inviting target for any devils you might run into.” She tossed her napkin on the table, too, turned on her heel and left the room. María sat for another moment. Then she got up and said, “What Pilar meant to say is, ‘be careful.’ So, do be careful, won’t you? We don’t exactly know where father sometimes goes at night, and all the people he travels with don’t always return.
“Oh, yes,” she added as she reached the door,  “be sure to take your guns.”





26

The horses were saddled and waiting outside the corral when I came down from changing. I was wearing my chaps and my old dark blue shirt with the blood stains. I was also wearing my pistol. Under one arm I carried my scabbard with the Henry rifle and over my shoulder I had draped my saddlebags into which I’d shoved a couple extra boxes of cartridges for the pistol and the rifle. I had a pretty good idea that, wherever we were going, toting all the extra weight would be worth the effort.
As I finished tying the scabbard to my horse, Oberto appeared. He was dressed much different than I’d ever seen him. He had thick dark corduroy trousers and a rough black shirt covered by a dark leather vest. He too was carrying a pistol, although it was not the finely tooled one I’d seen before, but instead a plain blued Army Colt like mine. He had a pouch hanging off his belt, which I presumed carried some extra cylinders.
Three more men on horses waited for us on their horses at the edge of the corral. As Oberto swung himself easily up on his horse, they silently reined theirs over and headed down behind the barn toward the south. Oberto and I wordlessly fell in a little behind them. We rode for half an hour or so before the moon came up and I could see better that we were entering a different kind of landscape. The silhouettes of cottonwood trees began to appear in the distance and I vaguely hear the gurgling of water. Soon we began a slow descent into the valley of the Rio Grande.
By the moonlight, I could see that the ground was well worn by the travels of many horses and cattle. As the ground became slightly more sodden from the nearness of the river, I could even make out the hoof prints of what seemed to be hundreds of cattle. Oddly, the prints pointed both into and out from the river’s bank. It was if the cattle had come out of the water and then somehow changed their minds and gone back in. 
Oberto saw me leaning off my horse looking at the ground and finally broke the silence, although he spoke very softly. “Funny isn’t it?” he asked. “We steal cattle from the Mexican side and drive them into Texas, and a few nights later, the Mexicans come and try to steal them back and drive them back into Mexico. Kind of silly, really, but it’s how it seems to work here for the last hundred years or so.
“Of course we’ve done this many times before. Usually we come upon their herd and cut out a few cows and bring them back across the river. There’s rarely any shooting because my counterpart on the other side has so many cattle that he barely bothers to have them guarded. Of course sometimes there are some vaqueros who get a little over excited and try to stop us. Most of them are smart enough not to risk their lives for someone else’s cattle, but there’s sometimes someone who thinks it’s his honor at stake and he’ll take a shot at us. It’s rare when someone actually gets shot, though.
“But when they do, it goes right into my ledgers, just like the number of cattle will get marked down in them when we get back later tonight. All of this is business, and you must keep good accounts of all of your costs and assets. I have those account books in my study if you’d like to look at them sometime to see how I keep them. Maybe someday they’ll help make an interesting story of how the ranch was stocked and run.
“From now on, though, we should keep the discussion to a minimum.”
With that, he kicked his horse lightly and plunged into the river. I did the same. It was very shallow here. At the deepest part, the water only came up to the bottom of our stirrups so neither we nor the horses had to do any swimming. We moved slowly across so we made little noise and came up on the other side with another kick to get the horse to trot briskly up the southern bank. We rode south for another quarter hour or so before we turned east along a trail that seemed to have been widened over the years by the passage of livestock. We rode quietly for another hour until I began to hear the sounds of cattle lowing and the occasional Spanish voice.
Oberto turned to me and whispered. “Now we will be very quiet, but keep your hand near your pistol. Sometimes a few shots are fired, but the vaqueros on the other side won’t risk a real fight for a few beasts that don’t belong to them. It is best if we just cut out as many cows as we can handle and start driving them back. If we’re lucky the men in camp won’t even know we’re here until they realize in the morning they’ve lost some cows. But, of course it’s best to be cautious; you never can tell when one of these men will have an exaggerated sense of duty.”
We moved quietly to the south again and then a little more to the east until we came upon the southern end of the herd. I estimated there were probably no more than forty steers munching on the thin grass of arroyo we were in. The five of us soundlessly urged our horses around to the northwest and began to hiss softly and push the cattle out of their lethargy back the way we had come. A little wind had sprung up from the north, which helped blow the sound of the moving herd away from the vaqueros’ camp. I noticed that Oberto and the other cowboys with us tried to stay close to mesquite thickets as much as possible so their own forms wouldn’t be so easy to pick out of the moonlit horizon. 
There were no Mexican riders guarding the herd, but as we pushed the cattle out of the little wash, I could see on the ridge a quarter mile off a small camp fire and hear the low sound of voices and the occasional scrape of a fork against a metal plate. So far, there was no unusual movement in the camp. 
A coyote yelped nearby, which startled a few of the cattle at my end of the group. They didn’t exactly start running, but a calf bawled and a cow bellowed back, and that was just enough to stir the camp. We could hear the voices of the men in the camp and see two men get up from the fire and toss the saddles they’d been leaning against onto their horses. Within a minute, two of them were riding toward us.
Oberto motioned for one of his men to drop back behind a rock outcropping to wait for the vaqueros. To the rest he whispered as loud as he dared, “Move them along, quickly.” The other two men and I pushed our horses quickly up behind the little herd and snapped our ropes against our chaps to impel the cattle to break into a trot. As we began to move more quickly out to the west, I could hear the two vaqueros approaching from behind. I hoped the man Oberto had left behind was told to shoot over their heads, if it came to shooting at all.
It did. Not more than a minute later, three shots from a rifle echoed down the arroyo and a few moments after that the man who’d been left behind came riding up hard behind us. “I discouraged one of them, Patrón,” he said to Oberto, “but the other one turned south to parallel us. I don’t know if he’s going to try to come up behind us and give us any trouble.”
“I doubt he’d be so foolish as to take on five of us by himself,” said Oberto. “He’s probably just riding back to the ranch to tell them what happened. Let’s just keep moving and we’ll see what happens.”
At the pace we were moving, we covered the distance back to the river in less than half an hour. The moon was high now and gave us good light to move by, but unfortunately also made us easier to see. Like I’d seen the other men do, I tried to dart as quickly as possible from mesquite thicket to mesquite thicket and not allow myself to be exposed against the sky any more than I had to. I kept swinging my head from side to side trying to pick out any movement behind or beside us.
As we crested the little rise on the south bank of the river, I saw what I was looking for. Ahead of us I just made out a glint of moonlight off the nickel-plated barrel of a rifle being raised to take aim at Señor Oberto. It was pure luck the light happened to strike the metal, because the man had taken up a spot in the shadow of a thorn bush that did a good job of obscuring his shape.
I didn’t bother to call out to Oberto. It was too late and he could not have moved quickly enough to avoid the shot that was about to be taken from only twenty yards away. Instead, I pulled my Colt and snapped off a shot that hit the thorn branch right next to the man’s head. He was so surprised to have been seen that his shot went far wide and high as he quickly spurred his horse to the right and galloped off as fast as he could go.
“Too bad you missed, Ben,” said Oberto as I trotted up next to him to be sure he hadn’t been hit. “We could chase him to teach him a lesson I suppose.”
“I didn’t miss, sir,” I said. “I guess I wasn’t really thinking it through in the split second I had, but I didn’t see the point in killing a man just because he was trying to be loyal to his patrón. After all, we were stealing his cattle, and I figured that my shot would surprise him enough so that he couldn’t get a good shot at us.”
“Well, I’m glad you were right,” said Oberto, “since I was the one who was going to pay the price if you weren’t.”
“Yes, sir, but I figured he knew that if he had shot you, we’d have ridden him down and killed him. I just wanted to remind him of the real stakes in the game he was playing. I doubted he wanted to make that big of a bet with the hand he was holding.”
“Remind me not to play poker with you, Ben. And, oh yes, thanks.”
“You are welcome, Patrón.”
We now quickly turned the cattle into the river. Oberto ordered two of the men to stay behind to cover us in case anyone else should get the idea to try to stop our little expedition. But there was no more noise of any sort for the rest of the night. We slowed to a walk on the north side of the river and drove the cattle into Oberto’s corral just as the sun was beginning to come up over the eastern hills.
The three men unsaddled their horses and walked, as silent as they’d been all night, back toward the bunkhouse. A young boy came out of the barn and led mine and Oberto’s horses back toward the barn with him.
“Let’s knock some of this dust off us and then see what Esperanza has made for breakfast,” said Oberto. “Then I suspect we might want to take an early siesta until supper time.”
We had some eggs and bread and sausage that Esperanza brought us on the patio. We both chewed in a sort of studious silence that was brought on both by the excitement and the exhaustion of the previous night’s activities.
When we finished eating, I picked up Don Quixote and headed to my room upstairs. Between the tiredness from being up all night and the weight of the book, I had no trouble sleeping through until suppertime.




27

The conversation over the steak and salad Esperanza served for supper was more subdued than usual. Pilar asked her father only if the evening had been profitable and whether there had been any unanticipated expenses associated with the trip. 
“No,” he replied. “Although Ben made a nice contribution to the transaction. I will have to remember to repay him someday.” He smiled at me, but Pilar just frowned and concentrated on her food.
I asked Pilar if she’d like to take a walk after dinner, but she said she was tired from and wanted to just read. María also declined so I decided to take the walk by myself. I walked for about half an hour out of the yard and down the road that led away from the house. I could hear the lowing of the cattle in the distance and even the occasional bell on one of the goats. I heard a couple of yips from a coyote and hoped the shepherds were being vigilant. The cowhands who were out on the range were in camp for the night. The only evidence of them was a couple of dim lights in the distance from their campfires. Just before I was going to turn back toward the house, I heard a horse coming toward me in the distance. He was moving at a brisk trot toward the house and I decided to move off the road behind a mesquite thicket until I saw who it was.
As he passed, I couldn’t get a good look at his face in the moonlight, but as he moved down the road, the moon silhouetted his head. Under the brim of his hat I could see his ear was misshapen. About an inch or so was missing from the bottom. It was Slade.
I let him pass on down the road for two minutes before I started running back to the house. I kept to the side of the wagon ruts and made the best time I could without making so much noise that he’d hear my steps over those of his own horse. When I got to the house, Slade’s horse was tied to the rail outside the entryway. I slipped into the patio as quietly as I could and made my way against the wall until I came to the room that was Oberto’s study. One lamp was lit in the room, and I could see that Slade and Oberto were talking. I stood away from the wall a bit where I could see into the room, but stayed in the shadow of the balcony where they could not see me. Their voices were low and I couldn’t make much out. They seemed as if they could be discussing the weather until Slade raised his voice. 
“I’m telling you that Ardel’s easy pickings. He must have a hundred thousand in that office of his, and he’ll open that safe if we show him our pistols.”
“And I’m saying that it isn’t worth it to do a job that close to my home,” said Oberto. “My daughters are here now and I can’t risk exposure at this point. In fact, I’ve decided that I’ve already planned my last job.”
“But if we don’t hit him in his office before he leaves for Mexico, he’ll have at least ten men with him guarding the money. Once he’s on the road, he’ll have an army around him. He’ll be mobile and much harder to stop. If we hit him in the office, the three men we have should be plenty and we’ll be out of town and away before anyone even knows there’s been a robbery.”
“Like I said, Slade, it’s a bad idea. It’s the middle of town. It’s early in the morning when there’s plenty of activity, and three strangers pushing their way into Ardel’s office are going to attract attention. Besides, if you do get caught, my name’s bound to come up, and I can’t have that in the town where I live. There will be other jobs.”
“Not with this kind of payoff, and not this easy,” hissed Slade. “We’re doing it the day after tomorrow whether you’re in on it or not.” He stood up and headed for the door. I tiptoed into the stairwell further down the hall and watched Slade stomp out the front entry to his horse. He kicked the horse into a gallop and was gone in a minute.
I thought of going upstairs for my guns and going after him, but knew following him at night would be difficult and dangerous. Besides, I knew where he would be in about thirty-six hours. And, I figured Karnes and Riley and maybe Willis would be with him. It was too late to telegraph the Rangers. It would take them three days to get here. I was going to have to take the three of them myself. And, if I was going to do that, I was going to have to put Ardel in danger as well.
I sat down on the second step and contemplated how I was going to confront the gang—and how I was going to confront Señor Oberto as well—when he came out of his office and turned up the stairs. It was too late for me to move, and also too late for me to come up with an explanation.
“That’s an odd place to be sitting,” said Oberto, “when we have so many excellent chairs in the house. It’s too dark to be reading there, too. So perhaps you’ll tell me what you are doing there.”
“I was listening to you and Slade,” I said. 
“I’m very sorry to hear that, Ben,” said Oberto. “I like you very much, but you’ve put me in a very difficult position. I can’t let you tell anyone else what you’ve heard.”
“Señor Oberto, all I heard was you tell Slade not to rob Ardel. I figure all the rest wouldn’t be very relevant to the matter at hand. Besides, I’m rather fond of Pilar, and she’s rather fond of you. I would never hurt her if I could avoid it.
“But, I’m going to have to stop Slade and his gang. I can’t let him rob Mr. Ardel because I’m working for the Rangers now. And I can’t let him get away because he was the one who killed my mother and brother and our hired man.
“And there’s one more thing: that boy, Pat Hayes, you have here. His parents aren’t dead. Slade and Karnes tried to kill his father, but only wounded him. They took his boy and I mean to get him back home to his family.”
Oberto stood silent for a minute before he spoke. “Ben, I have some things to answer for. I’d just as soon not do it in a courtroom, but I will help you with Slade and the rest. Let’s go into my study and talk some more.”
Oberto motioned me to a chair while he stoked the fire a little and poured himself a brandy. He offered me one, but I’d never been much for drinking alcohol, and I figured this was a lousy time to take up the habit. “Pilar told me about your family, Ben. But you have to believe I never knew it was Slade.”
“It was Slade, and Karnes, and Riley, and Willis, and four other men who are now dead,” I said. “Funny, isn’t it, that when María and Pilar were talking about El Patrón and El Diablo when we first met, both of the villains were right there with them at the time.”
Oberto finished his brandy and poured himself another. “Seems we both have some atonement in our future,” he said.
“I don’t see it that way,” I said. “I’ve got to finish what I started and I don’t see that as atonement. I see it as justice. Like Mr. Ardel told me the other day, in this territory, disputes are settled with a gun. Until we get courts and judges here that we can trust, that’s going to have to do.”
“I’m sure Allen didn’t mean it that way, Ben. We could wait for the Rangers and let them handle it.”
“Señor Oberto, you know that if this ever makes it to a court, you’re going to be right there on the dock with Slade. He’s not going to prison alone. One way or the other, he has to die. We both know it. And, my feelings for Pilar aside, I, not some jury, am going to be the one to send him to hell.”
“And just how do you propose to do that by yourself?” he asked. “All of those men are experienced gunmen. And three against one isn’t very good odds.” He paused. “I guess I’m going to have to go with you. Now we just have to figure out how we’re going to get the drop on them.”
“Just so we’re clear, Señor Oberto—we’re not going to get the drop on them. We’re going to have to kill them.”
“Ardel’s going to be a problem. He’s never going to go for us just ambushing them,” he said.
“Yes, I figured that,” I said. “We’re going to have to do it without his cooperation. He’s going to be in danger, but I guess he should know that if he’s going to keep that kind of money in his office. “Can you draw a plan of his office?” I added. “We’re going to need to get in there and hide before he gets there in the morning. I figure you must know something about breaking and entering. Got any ideas how we’re going to get inside?”
“I do a little,” he said. “Getting into the office is easy. Getting into the safe is the hard part.”
“Since we’re not going to open the safe, I guess we’ll have it easy then,” I said. “Except for the shooting. That’s not as easy as some like to think.”
We stayed up another hour, planning our moves. I went back upstairs to my room but was too tired, and too keyed up, to go right to sleep. It seemed I’d only just closed my eyes when I heard the clatter of breakfast dishes below me on the patio.





28

I got up and washed my face and combed my hair and put on another of Señor Oberto’s shirts and my new trousers and made my way down to the patio. Pilar was already there.
“I believe I heard you and Father up late talking last night,” said Pilar over her breakfast coffee. “Were you discussing anything that might interest me?”
“I think your name did come up once,” I said. “But mostly we were talking about cattle and goats and other business. However, I did get a better sense of why your father is called El Patrón. He’s a strong and determined man. And a wise one.”
“He certainly is that,” said Pilar. “In fact, you sort of remind me of him. But sometimes I think both of you are too smart for your own good.”
“That could be,” I said. “Although neither of us seems to be much good at figuring out women, so I don’t know how smart we are.”
“Oh, I think you’re plenty smart,” she said. “But, like I said the other day, you’re a little long on thinking and short on action. Did it ever occur to you to just come right out and say what you mean, and then do something about it?”
“Oh, it’s occurred to me,” I said. “But I’m still approaching the matter cautiously. Sometimes a calm word and slow movements is the best way to get close to a skittish horse. Just throwing a rope over her neck and climbing on her back usually just makes her jump all the higher to get rid of you.”
“So, you think of me like a horse?” she sneered. “To be soothed and broken before you can ride her?”
“No,” I said. “I believe that if you totally break a horse and take all the spirit out of her, she’s hardly worth having. I like a horse that will kick every now and then, because that’s a horse that will draw on that spirit when she really is tested. But what makes you think I was talking about you? I thought we were talking about horses.”
“Ben Smith, if I had any coffee left in my cup, I’d throw it at you.” She got up and brushed past me toward the door.
“Now are we talking about hot coffee or hot peppers or something else all together?” I asked as I stood up, reached out and caught hold of her arm and spun her toward me.
“Pilar,” I said. “I’ll make you a deal. You quit kicking all the time and I’ll say what I mean.” I pulled her towards me and kissed her on the lips. “I love you,” I said.
“That’s better,” she said. “I love you, too.” She kissed me back. “Now what are we going to do about it?”
“What are you going to do about what?” María said as she glided into the patio and took the seat at the head of the table. “Is there some shortage of coffee or hotcakes I don’t know about? Surely, you couldn’t be talking about anything serious this early in the morning.”
“Just about horses and the best way to break them,” I said. “That’s not too serious for you, is it?”
“Certainly not,” María smiled. “But I was hoping Pilar would quit being such a stubborn filly and come out and tell you what she thinks of you. It’s not like Father and I don’t already know that she’s already measuring you for a saddle, Ben.”
“María, I’m going to kill you in your sleep tonight,” said Pilar.
“Whoa—both of you,” I laughed. “Actually María, I was just telling Pilar that I love her. And, I was also about to tell her that last night your father and I had agreed to a short term contract to do a little business together. I figured that if that worked out, and your father still approved of me afterwards, I might just discuss my intentions regarding Pilar with him.”
“With your permission, of course, Pilar.”
“I suppose if it’s alright with Father, it’s alright with me,” she smiled. “But if he insists on including any goats in the bargain, I’m going back to Iowa. “And what is this deal you and father made already, if it’s nothing to do with me?” she added.
“It’s got nothing to do with you,” I laughed. “Or goats. We came up with an idea that we think will help Mr. Ardel with his Mexican transaction. Your father is going to have to break a contract with some previous associates for it to work out, but we’re going to take the idea to Mr. Ardel early tomorrow morning. I think we’ll be leaving late tonight so we can be in town when he opens his office in the morning. We have to convince him to negotiate with us before he leaves.”
“Well, he better make the deal with you and Father. If I have to wait too much longer for you two to discuss our future, I’m going to go back up to Iowa and marry someone in the insurance business.”
“Don’t do that,” I said. “Think of all the time you’d have to waste teaching him about hot peppers and horse breaking. It could take years.” 




29

Señor Oberto and I left the ranch about four in the morning in order to give us time to get to Mr. Ardel’s office, break in, and get ourselves situated before the sun came up. As Oberto said, breaking into the office was easy. A Bowie knife stuck into the molding around the back door pushed the bolt back with one shove. When we removed the knife and rubbed a little dirt into the cut in the wood, the doorjamb would pass anything but a close inspection.
The small office consisted of two rooms. The smaller was in back and was Mr. Ardel’s private office with his flat oak desk, his chair, and two chairs for visitors, with the safe in the opposite corner. The back office had two doors—the back door we’d come in through and another that led into the larger outer office. Mr. Ardel’s clerk sat in the outer office at a roll top desk against a side wall. Next to the desk were two tall file cabinets against the wall. In the corner between the desk and the file cabinets was a space just big enough for a man to hide.
Señor Oberto took that space, and I stood against the wall behind the front door—the wall that Slade would be coming through in a few hours. When the shooting started, I would have no cover.
I’d brought my pistol and the Henry rifle, and had also shoved the pistol I’d taken from Simmons into my belt. I felt for the twentieth time for the three extra cylinders I’d put in my vest pockets and chuckled out loud. 
“What’s funny?” said Oberto.
“I was just thinking of these extra cylinders in my pockets,” I said, “and I realized that if the fight isn’t over by the time I empty both pistols, I probably won’t need any more ammunition because I am going to be dead.”
“I’m not going to let that happen,” laughed Mr. Oberto. “Or, at least, if you do get killed, you’re going to have to promise to tell Pilar about it yourself. I’d be afraid to.”
“I guess the only way then is to make sure neither of us gets killed, because I’d be afraid to tell her about you, too,” I said. We both laughed.
Oberto was wearing a rig much like the one he’d given Mr. Edmunds, with an engraved and blued Colt .44. He also had a second .32 caliber pistol in a shoulder holster under his left arm. We’d decided against using shotguns for fear of hitting someone, like Mr. Ardel, with an errant shot.
The plan was simple. We figured Mr. Ardel would come to the front door around eight, as he usually did. Slade and the others would be waiting for him by the side of the building. They would follow him into the office and make him open the safe and be gone in minutes. I also figured they’d probably crack open Mr. Ardel’s head with a pistol butt so he couldn’t raise an alarm while they were getting away. All in all, Ardel wasn’t going to be in much more danger in a shoot out between Slade’s men and us than he would be with the robbers alone. Either way, he was probably going to get hurt. So were we.
Señor Oberto and I agreed that we’d have to let Mr. Ardel and all three of Slade’s men get into the office before we acted. There was no percentage for anyone if the shootout spilled into the street. I was to shoot the last man as he came through the door, or whenever the outlaws noticed they weren’t alone, whichever came first. When I made my move, Oberto would stand up from behind the desk and start shooting. We were counting on surprise, and hoping that Slade’s men wouldn’t draw their guns until they were inside the office. If we were lucky, we could get them all while their guns were still holstered. It wasn’t a very good plan, but it was as good as we could do. 
The time passed slowly as the sky lightened and Señor Oberto made a little small talk about the joys of goat cheese and good wine. I told Señor Oberto some stories about my family, and he told me a few about his daughters when they were young. “I hope you and Pilar have children, and with her personality,” he said. “She’s a trial sometimes, but I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
“I guess that means I have your blessing,” I smiled.
“Actually, it means you have my sympathy,” he said.
We both laughed.
Then we hushed and waited in silence. From his perch behind the desk, Oberto could see the boardwalk out the front window. He alternated looking out the window and down at his watch. He motioned to me at five minutes to eight. “He should be here soon,” he whispered. I stood up and shook the kinks out of my legs and arms. I took a deep breath in through my mouth and let it out slowly through my nose. Moments later Oberto pointed at the door and hunched down behind the desk. I heard the key scratch in the lock.
The bolt slid back and the hinges squeaked a bit as Mr. Ardel pushed the door open. As he stepped into the room, I heard three sets of boots clomping quickly up the boardwalk. “My name’s Karnes, Mr. Ardel. I don’t have an appointment but I’d like to talk to you about some business.” He gave Ardel a hard shove and stepped into the room behind him. Riley stepped in behind him. They both had their hands on their pistols but hadn’t drawn them yet. Slade hadn’t yet stepped through the door, but I could see that Riley was beginning to turn and would be looking right at me in less than a second.
I gave the door a hard shove and smashed it into Slade’s face just as he was walking in. It surprised him, but didn’t hit him hard enough to knock him off his feet. I slammed it against him again with my left hand as I brought my pistol up at Riley and pulled the trigger. The shot hit him in the middle of the chest and his pistol, and he, clattered to the floor.
Oberto had stood up from behind the desk and was taking aim at Karnes but couldn’t get a shot. Ardel had jumped right at him when I shot Riley. “Get on the floor, you fool,” Oberto yelled, but Ardel stood frozen in place still blocking Oberto’s aim.
I took aim at Karnes as he drew down on Oberto, but just as I fired, Slade kicked open the door into my arm and my shot hit the file cabinet. Karnes ducked but was able to fire at Oberto as he was trying to shove Ardel out of the way. I heard Señor Oberto grunt and slump against the desk. “Let’s get out of here,” yelled Slade as he backed out the front door and ran down the sidewalk toward his horse.
I was blocking Karnes’ way out the front. He whipped a wild shot at me over his shoulder as he kicked in the door to Ardel’s private office and headed for the back door. It was enough to make me duck as I fired at him as he went through the first door. I missed again, but took a step to my left to improve my line of sight and fired again. This one hit him in the side just as he turned to put his shoulder into the back door. The damaged jam splintered when he hit the door and he fell across the threshold—half in the room and half in the alleyway. His pistol flew out of his hand and landed in the dirt just out of his reach.
“I give up,” he whimpered as he tried to get up on his hands and knees and move toward his gun. I walked over to him. “Shooting it out with me is not so easy as shooting a woman in the back, is it Karnes?” I said.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he said. “I give up.”
“This is what I’m talking about,” I said. I cocked my pistol and shot him in the middle of the spine. “That’s for my mother.” I cocked the pistol again. “And this is for Álvaro.” I shot him again behind the ear.
I turned back into the outer office and moved quickly to the front door. I got down on my haunches before I opened it in case Slade was waiting to see who came out, but he was long gone and I turned back to see about Señor Oberto. Mr. Ardel had recovered his senses enough to pull the desk out enough so Señor Oberto could lie down on the floor. Ardel had removed his jacket and had it under Señor Oberto’s head and had ripped off the sleeve of his own shirt and stuck it into the wound. The shot had hit Señor Oberto just between his neck and his shoulder. It looked like it had probably broken his collarbone. “I checked his back and it looks like the bullet went right through,” said Mr. Ardel. “If you’ll stay with him, I’ll run for the doctor.”
“I’ll stay with him as long as it takes for someone to get here,” I said. “But one of them got away and I’ve got to go after him.”
“Haven’t you done enough?” said Ardel. “We were all almost killed. Why don’t you let the Rangers handle it from here?”
“I am a Ranger,” I said. “I’m the only one within a hundred miles, and I’m going after him.”
“Rangers don’t shoot men in the back like that,” he said.
“You have some funny ideas about Rangers,” I said. “Do you think that man would have thought twice about shooting you in the back? And besides, he was going for his gun.”
“I heard him say ‘I give up’ twice,” Ardel said.
“You know Mr. Ardel, those kinds of guys will not only shoot you in the back, they’ll also lie about it,” I said. “Now go get the doctor. I’m in a bit of a hurry here. And I’m also sure Señor Oberto is beginning to wonder why he got shot trying to move you out of the way and why he’s still bleeding all over your floor while you’re talking to me.”
Ardel hurried out the door. 
I looked down at Señor Oberto and felt his back for the wound the bullet had made coming out. I took off my own kerchief and shoved it in the hole. Oberto winced and squinted up at me. “Looks like you’re going to have to be the one who tells Pilar how you got me shot,” he said.
“I didn’t get you shot,” I said. “Ardel got you shot. I’m the guy who shot the guy who shot you. Besides, I can’t stick around right now to explain to Pilar. I’ve got to go after Slade.
“But,” I added. “I do want you to tell her one thing for me. Tell her I think her father is a good man, and that I’ll be back as soon as I can. And please give her this for me, too.” I slipped the nugget pendant from around my neck and put it in his hand. “It was my brother’s. I’d appreciate it if you’d give it to her to hold for me until I get back.”
I waited another couple minutes until Ardel got back with the doctor. I resisted the urge to gallop after Slade right away long enough to fill the canteen on my and Señor Oberto’s horses, pick up some food from the cantina, and grab a bedroll from the dry goods store where I’d bought my trousers.
I left instructions with Ardel to telegraph Captain Reasoner and tell him I’d gone after Slade, and to send someone for Pilar and María to help their father back to the ranch.
I took Señor Oberto’s saddle off his horse and carried it into Ardel’s office. “I’m going to borrow your horse, if you don’t mind,” I said. “If you do mind, I’m taking him anyway.”
“Fine,” said Oberto. “But, if you lose that horse, I’m going to be angry, too,” he laughed. “Be careful. At least more careful than I was.”
“I always am,” I said. 





30

Slade was now about an hour ahead of me, but he was also alone with one horse and with whatever water he happened to have on his horse when he’d left in such a hurry. Unless he had a hideout to the north of town, he was going to have to ride straight east to the next water, which was about a day away, or turn southeast toward Oberto’s ranch. I figured that he wouldn’t do that, as he knew Oberto’s men would be coming from that direction. He also could trail north a bit, then double back to the south through the hill country down to the river and into Mexico. But, whatever his eventual goal, he was going to need water, and that meant he’d probably head for the Terlingua River. From there, he’d either follow it north out of the Big Bend country, or south to the Rio Grande. I took a guess and rode directly north over the hills toward the head of the river to the north. I figured all I had to do was get ahead of him and wait.
I kept Hen Egg Mountain in front of me to guide me north. I passed along the west side of Agua Fria Mountain and camped at a creek halfway up the mesa. I spent a little time the next morning staring at the carvings in the mountain side and wondered what Indians had made them, and how long ago. I didn’t have too much time to dawdle, though, so I kept looking as I rode around the north side of the mountain and turned due east to the Terlingua.
I reached the stream about noon and rode along to the north, but a good piece above the water so I wouldn’t leave tracks on the bank. I rode until I found a good stand of cottonwood where I could both hide and see down the arroyo. I watered the horses in the river then tied them in the north end of the grove out of sight. I left them enough rope so they could graze in the green grasses that grew in the shade between the trees. I walked back down to the river side of the thicket, picked a good thick tree in front of me to shield me from view and the sun, and sat down to wait.
I wished I’d brought a book, but laughed to myself as I thought I was certainly the only man in Texas who was chasing someone in order to kill him—and was wishing he had some entertainment in the meantime. The thought of the day’s events took me back relentlessly to that day at our ranch when Bill hung from the tree and Mom was sprawled in the yard. I also couldn’t help but think of Pilar, and when, or whether, I’d be seeing her again.
As I sat in my hiding place, a couple of young Indian men passed by, riding right up the stream on horseback. From their smooth skin and slim builds, I figured they were even younger than I was. They were both carrying rifles, and I figured they were hunting some of the deer that came from the mesa down to the creek to drink. I let them pass and hoped my horses would remain quiet. I didn’t want to have to do any extra fighting, especially any that might scare off my real prey.
Eventually the sun began to set behind me, casting the shadows of the cottonwoods over the creek. A slight breeze came down from the mesa and rustled the leaves and cooled the air a bit. I took a bit of biscuit and jerky out of my bag and gnawed on it a little. It was dry and tasteless, much like my mood. I took a long swallow from my canteen and squinted into the growing darkness.
A lone rider was picking his way slowly up the opposite bank of the stream. As he moved toward the stream, he stood in his stirrups and turned his head to look behind him. As he did, I could clearly see the outline of his left ear—or what remained of it.
In my revelry, I’d let Slade get a lot closer than I’d planned. He was now only about twenty yards from me on the other side of the stream. I slowly began to pull my feet under me in preparation for standing up. I’d been sitting so long my legs had stiffened and as I tried to stand, I stumbled forward and stepped on a twig. The snap sounded as loud as a gunshot.
Slade whirled off the right side of his horse and crouched behind it holding the reins in his left hand while drawing his pistol with his right. He pushed the horse ahead of him another five yards up the creek side until he came to a large cottonwood of his own to duck behind. “Who’s there?” he yelled. “Come out before I start shooting.”
I slowly raised my Henry to an upright position. I removed my hat and quietly set it on the ground then leaned my head out from behind my tree just enough to see Slade’s horse. I knew I would have to move fast because I’d left myself in the idiotic position of having the lighted western sky behind me. Slade would be able to see my outline while I was going to have a difficult time picking him out of the shadows.
I dropped the muzzle of the Henry quickly and shot his horse in the shoulder, just in front of the saddle. I saw the horse begin to go to his front knees as I pulled quickly back behind the tree just as Slade’s bullet splintered the bark above my head.
“Well, I guess you’re no Indian,” yelled Slade. “An Indian values a horse’s life more than a man’s.”
So do I, I thought. In fact, I value a beetle’s life more than I value yours, Slade.
As long as Slade had the setting sun behind me, I was stuck behind my tree. If I tried to move to either side, he’d have a clear shot at me. If I tried to crawl straight back, he could move from behind his tree and get an angle on me while my back was turned. My only choice was to stay where I was and wait for dark—and hope he wouldn’t be able to pick me out by sound when I did move. Of course, he could try to move up or down the creek and get behind me, too, but I figured he’d wait for dark to try that, too.
I slowly lowered myself to my belly and raised my head just enough over the spread of the tree root in front of me to keep an eye on his tree. I concentrated on slowing my breaths and sharpening my ears for any sound other than the gurgling of the stream or the wheezing of Slade’s horse. Slade must have got tired of the horse’s noise too, because about ten minutes later, he shot him in the head.
“Never did care for that horse much,” he called. “I figure I’ll probably like yours much better. You won’t mind if I take him after I kill you, will you?” he laughed.
I didn’t answer. The sky behind me was now dark. I began to push myself silently backwards through the soft grass until I was able to move behind another tree ten yards behind me. I rose to a crouch and listened again. I could hear his boots moving on the dry pack on the other side of the stream. He was moving downstream toward a little bend that would be out of sight where he could cross and get behind me. I moved slowly up my side toward the horses and picked a spot behind a fallen tree where I could keep my original location in view. When the moon rose, I’d have enough light to shoot by.
I waited in silence for what seemed about an hour. The moon began to show over the trees and cast soft blue shadows in the little clearing in front of me. I hadn’t heard Slade moving since he’d moved down the bank and I wondered if he’d just kept on going to the south. I was confident, though, that he wouldn’t try to get away without trying for my horses. By now he must have figured out where the horses were—and that I’d be somewhere near them. I decided I needed to move.
As I stood up next to the tree, I felt the shot before I heard it. The bullet hit me in the back of the arm above my left elbow. The impact spun me around, which probably saved my life because Slade’s second shot passed close enough to my ear that I could hear the crackling sound it made as it spun into the dark. I jumped over the fallen log onto the other side as Slade took his third shot. It plocked into the log just as I cleared it.
“Who the hell are you?” he yelled. “I like to know who I’m killing.”
The wound wasn’t bad, but it hurt like hell. I’d left my kerchief with Señor Oberto so there was nothing left to stop the bleeding. I tried to rip my sleeve off, but was having a hard time with only one hand.
“Nicked you good there, huh?” he laughed. “How soon before you pass out from loss of blood, do you think? Maybe I’ll just take your horses now and come back in the morning to finish you off—if you’re still alive, that is.”
He waited another couple of minutes behind his cover before he began to move toward the horses. When he did, I dropped hard on my belly under the fallen log. He heard the thud.
He turned quickly and walked toward my log. He must have thought I’d either passed out or died because he came right out in the open.
From under the log, I could see his legs moving toward me. I couldn’t see him from the thighs up, but I had enough of a target. I gave a loud moan to try to mask the sound of cocking my pistol. Slade immediately crouched and began to move quickly to the side, but not quick enough. My shot hit him in the right shin just above the ankle and it knocked him to his knees. I fired again and hit him in the thigh of his left leg. He fell over on his side and grabbed his wounded thigh with both hands. I could see his pistol on the ground in front of him.
“Not as easy to kill someone when they’re not tied to a tree in front of you, is it?” I said as I stood up. I walked over and kicked Slade’s pistol away from him. “I have to give you some credit though,” I said. “The rest of your scum never were able to wound me.”
“Who are you?” groaned Slade, “and what did I ever do to you?” 
“Probably no more than you did to lots of other people,” I said. “Your mistake was leaving me alive after you killed my brother and mother and our man. I’m sure you wouldn’t have if you’d even known I existed, but I guess it’s a little late for introductions now, huh?”
“You’ve got the wrong guy,” said Slade. “I’m just a cowboy riding north to look for work. At least let me get my kerchief out of my shirt to plug my leg.” 
“Don’t move,” I said, but he reached into his shirt anyway and came out with a short barrel pistol. I shot him again through his hand into his stomach. 
“God damn you,” Slade said through gritted teeth.
“Not before he does you,” I said. “But El Diablo is going to take a little mercy on you. You put your horse out of his misery, and although you don’t deserve it, I’m going to do the same for you.”
I shot him in the forehead.
I looked down at Slade for the last time then looked down at my own left arm. My left sleeve was soaked with blood. Dark liquid was dripping off my fingertips onto the ground. 
I looked up and saw the branches of the tree above me come closer then move further away. They came closer again, then moved further. I tried to regulate my breath as I always did but couldn’t seem to control it. I thought I heard Pilar speaking to me.
Then I passed out.




31

I awoke slowly and was conscious for a minute before I thought I had the strength to open my eyes. I tried to put my arms down to push myself up but felt something hard wrapped around my arm preventing it from moving. When I opened my eyes to see what it was, everything around me was white, and instead of the hard ground, I was lying on a featherbed.
I tried to raise my head a bit and again thought I heard Pilar’s voice.
“Do you think you’ve had enough rest yet, Mr. Smith, or would you like to sleep another two days? I’m sure Mr. Edmunds doesn’t really mind running a boarding house for lazy cowboys.” She stood up out of the chair she’d pulled next to my bed, put her book down on the side table and leaned over my face and kissed my cheek.
“I’m so glad you’re awake,” she smiled. “I cannot understand why anyone likes The Scarlet Letter. Hawthorne bores me to death. Maybe you can amuse me until I can be bothered to check out another book from Mr. Edmunds’ library.”
“Where am I?” I asked. “And, maybe you could also tell me how I got here. If you’re not up for telling me right away, though, I could always use another kiss.”
“No more kisses for you, Ben Smith, until you’re feeling better. The doctor said you were going to be weak for a while and I don’t want to run any risk of over stimulating a weakling. I like my men strong.” But, as she finished saying it, she leaned over again and gave me the softest kiss ever on the lips.
“I wasn’t here when you got here, so I’m going to let Mr. Edmunds tell you that part.” She turned and walked to the door. “Mr. Edmunds, Father. Our patient is awake.”
She turned back to me. “By the way, after they’re done telling you how you got here, I’m expecting an explanation of how Father got into the same condition as you are. He won’t tell me a thing, and Mr. Ardel’s no use at all either.”
Señor Oberto and Mr. Edmunds walked into the room. Both had big smiles as they walked over to the bed. Mr. Edmunds patted me on the top of my head and Señor Oberto stood at the foot of the bed and put his right hand on the bed rail. His left arm was in a black sling, which I presume had been sewn from cloth to match his stylish attire. I looked over at my own left arm, which was encased in plaster from the wrist to just above the elbow. “I’m afraid those Indians who brought you here made rather a mess of that nice shirt I gave you when they cut it off to wrap your wound,” said Oberto. “But I think I have another one around my home somewhere I could let you have.”
“We should probably wait until I get this cast off,” I said. “It would be a shame to cut off one sleeve of all those nice shirts.”
I looked at Mr. Edmunds and back at Oberto. “What Indians?” I asked.
“Two young Indians brought you in here two days ago,” said Edmunds. “It was the oddest thing, because, normally any self-respecting Indian who found you unconscious would leave you where you lay—but only after stripping you bare and taking your weapons and horses in the bargain. But these two young men went to the trouble to make a litter and drag you here behind your horse. They didn’t speak any English, but Concha was able to get out of them that they heard you say you were El Diablo, and that they thought you were some kind of white medicine man and they were afraid to make you angry. So, they said they wanted to leave you at the first white man’s home they found. That just happened to be here.
“I did give them eight horses for their trouble,” he added. “I figured it was sort of a lopsided trade in their favor, but I’ve got more horses than I can use anyway,” he laughed.
“And so, when you showed up we sent word to Vicente that you were here and for some reason Pilar insisted on coming with him to see you. He tells me you two were in some kind of scrape down in Lajitas and that it was your fault he got shot.”
“Yes, that’s probably right,” I said. “And then two days later, I got myself shot. I guess I’m not very good at this outlaw chasing business. I’m thinking of giving it up.”
“That’s what Captain Reasoner told me, too,” chuckled Edmunds. “He says most of his recruits make it at least a week before they get themselves into one gun fight—much less two. He mentioned something about patience, and your lack of it, I think. He’s coming over here from Fort Davis in a few days to hear about how you broke up El Patrón’s gang, by the way. Be sure you’ve got a good story for him.” He winked.
“Yes,” said Pilar. “I’m looking forward to that story myself. You can practice on me and see if you can make it believable.” She turned to Edmunds and her father. “Now you two get out of here. He needs to sit up and get some of Concha’s food into him and build his strength a bit, and Concha and I don’t need you two for that.”
I stayed in bed one more day while Pilar and Concha fussed over me. I got Concha’s chicken broth three meals in a row before she decided that I was well enough to try something a bit heartier. For lunch on the second day, she brought up the broth again, but this time it was full of chicken and vegetables and a good dose of her hierbas. She called it pozole and sat there and watched until I ate the entire big bowl.
“Ahora, puedes levantarte,” she said as she took the bowl from me. 
“That means Concha thinks you’ve been in bed long enough,” said Pilar. “And I agree.”
I shooed Pilar out of the room while I got myself dressed. Pilar had brought my good pair of trousers that we’d bought in Lajitas and a couple of the shirts her father had given me. Someone had taken the time to gently rip the stitching out of the seam of the left arm of both shirts so they would fit over my cast. I had a hard time pulling my boots on with only one good hand, so I had to walk down stairs in my stocking feet.
Pilar, her father, and Mr. Edmunds were all sitting in the study. I walked over and took a seat near the fireplace. “I guess I’m ready to tell you what happened,” I said.
“I think I pretty much know this story already,” said Edmunds, “so I don’t need to hear it again. Besides, a lot of this seems like family business, so I’ll just butt out. I’m going to take a ride. I’ll see you all at supper. But, Ben, if you get one of your urges to ride off again, let me know first, please. Before you go, there’s someone here I want you to meet.”
“I don’t think he’ll be going anywhere for a while,” said Pilar. “Concha told me that he was confined to the ranch house until he gained at least ten pounds.”
“Well, when it comes to the house, Concha is the boss. So you do what she says, Ben,” said Mr. Edmunds. With that, he left the room.
We sat in silence for several minutes. Señor Oberto and I alternated looking at each other and our feet. Neither of us was anxious to start the explanation of what had happened at Ardel’s office and in the cottonwood grove.
Finally, Pilar broke the silence. “Here’s what I figure,” she said. “Father, you and Ben had some business with Mr. Ardel. While you were there, these bad men broke in and started shooting. You had to defend yourselves. I don’t think there’s any more to it than that, and, if Ardel has a different version, that’s his story and it’s two to one. As for the other shooting, Ben was just out for a ride, and this Slade fellow attacked him and tried to steal his horses. Isn’t that right, Ben?”
“Not exactly, Pilar. What really happened was…”
She cut me off. “You can bore me with the details later,” she said very slowly. “Right now, I think you and Father are not going to get too elaborate in your explanation because that Ranger captain isn’t going to be too interested in subtlety. You were both in shootouts, and you both were wounded while defending yourselves against members of El Patrón’s gang. It doesn’t get much simpler than that, does it?”
“No, I suppose it doesn’t,” said Oberto.
“No, and I guess it’s the truth, too,” I said. 
I thought to myself, “Not the whole truth, but it will do for Captain Reasoner.”
We stayed at Mr. Edmunds’ home for three more days until Concha had stuffed me with enough tortillas, tamales, and chilis rellenos to put on the required ten pounds. I hadn’t realized losing so much blood could make a man so hungry. On the afternoon of the third day, we agreed we’d set out for the Oberto ranch the following morning. I found Mr. Edmunds in his study.
“I guess we’ll be leaving tomorrow,” I said. “I do want to thank you for everything—and I do mean everything.”
“Ben, you can thank me in two ways,” he said. “First, I want you to tell me honestly that El Diablo died with Slade. A man can only carry around a devil like that for so long, and if he doesn’t find a way to get away from it, it will eat him up from the inside out.”
“I believe you sir,” I said. “But there’s still one more man out there El Diablo has to deal with.”
“We’ll see,” he said. “Come with me now. There’s something out in the barn I want to show you.”
We walked out of the house and through the corral into the barn. In one of the stalls was a man pitchforking new straw onto the floor. As we approached him, he turned around.
“Ben, I want you to meet John Willis. John, this is Ben Smith.”
Willis. The man I’d last seen at our farm, riding off after Bill’s horse. Willis. The last name on the mission wall.
“I’ll leave you two to get acquainted,” said Edmunds as he turned and walked out of the barn.




32

“Ben, I’ve been looking forward to this day,” Willis started. “And dreading it.” He dropped the pitchfork in the straw and moved away from it.
“Yeah,” I said. “I’m sure you figured I’ve been looking forward to it myself.” I backed up a few steps myself and wondered how I was going to handle him with no gun and only one arm.
“I made a deal with Mr. Edmunds when I came to work for him,” said Willis. “I told him I’d been involved in a terrible crime, and that I was trying to put it past me. I’d been running for almost two years but I couldn’t get away from my own head. That’s why I came back to this territory to try to make amends. He told me he knew you, and would let you decide what to do.”
“OK,” I said. “What do you think I should do?”
“I can’t say that,” said Willis. “All I can do is tell you my story, and then if you want to turn me over to the Rangers or hang me yourself, that’s your choice.”
“Let’s hear it,” I said flatly.
“I only met Slade and Karnes and the rest a few days before that day at your family’s farm,” he started. And then he started to sob. “I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry.”
I walked back into the house. As I passed by Mr. Edmunds’ study, he called me in. “Did John tell you his story?” he asked.
“He wanted to, I think,” I said. “But he started crying.”
“Yes, I’ve heard him cry more than once,” said Mr. Edmunds. “I know why. Do you want to hear it?”
“If you want to tell it, I’ll listen,” I answered.
“John Willis used to work for me. He was a good man, but his heart was broken,” he started. “It was broken when his wife and child died.”
Mr. Edmunds continued to tell me Willis’s story. “He was an itinerant ranch hand. He worked for most of the ranchers in West Texas at one time or another. He was married to a beautiful Mexican girl named Teresa. I met her once in town when she was pregnant. She and John were poor, but very happy. Until she died.”
“How did she die?” I asked.
“In childbirth. The baby came while John was on a roundup. There was nobody there to help her, and she died. Her neighbor was supposed to check on her, but was off on a drunk or something, and she bled to death. When John got back, he found her and the baby, and, well, he just changed.”
“I have no idea how he ended up with those men who came to your farm, but I know that it was a mistake. After his wife died he just couldn’t hold a job with anyone. He must have been looking for some easy money. But, I’ve known the man. He’s no murderer. He told me he rode off from your ranch that day all the way to San Antonio and never saw those men again. He showed up here again a few weeks ago. He told me about that day and asked me for a job. He’s been here since.”
“You can tell him he has nothing to fear from me,” I said. “And tell him I’m sorry about his wife and child. I can’t imagine what that feels like.”
“Actually, you know just what it feels like, Ben. So do I. It’s something you never get over. It’s always there. It’s just what you do with it that matters,” he said.
“You told me that once before,” I said. “I think I’m finally beginning to understand what you meant.”




33

We got ready to start for Oberto’s ranch the next morning. Mr. Edmunds, Willis, Concha, Hank, Curly, and even Burnie turned out to send us off. Burnie even offered his last bit of advice, “Don’t eat too much of that Mexican food, he told me. “It will ruin your taste for steak and beans.” I told him it might be too late already and winked at Concha.
Concha threw her arms around me and gave me a big kiss, which was far more welcome than Burnie’s advice. She pressed a small cloth bag of her hierbas into my hand. “If you have to eat like an uncivilized Texan again someday, put this in your beans while they are cooking and think of me.”
“I will think of you whenever I eat any kind of food,” I said. “I promised Pilar that you would be the only other woman I will ever love.”
“Actually, he promised no such thing, Concha,” said Pilar. “Men will love anyone who feeds them. They are like dogs that way. I fear I’m going to have to come up here again soon for some cooking lessons so Ben doesn’t stray up here by accident once a month or so for some pozole and tamales.”
“You are welcome here any time, Pilar,” said Mr. Edmunds. “You can even bring these two ruffians with you—if they promise not to get shot while they’re in the vicinity. I’m getting a bit tired of running a hospital for wayward pistoleros.”
“Mr. Edmunds, when I visit you,” Pilar said, “a large part of the reason for doing so will be to get a holiday from these two hard heads…and of course, I will also relish Concha’s cooking and the chance for a little intelligent dinner conversation about books and such things. If I hear one more word about goats at our supper table, armed desperados will be the least of these two’s worries.”
“Well, I do hope you’ll bring them along every third or fourth trip or so,” laughed Mr. Edmunds, “if only for Concha’s sake. She’s sort of fond of the younger one. She always has had a weakness for strays.”
“I might bring them back sooner than you think,” said Pilar. “With only two good arms between them, they really aren’t going to be much use around the ranch for a while. They’ll be sitting around the patio all day talking about goats until it snows, probably.”
It was clear to all of us that we were reluctant to go. But Pilar, as usual, made the first move. She stepped up on the wagon seat herself and held out her hand to help me up this time. “C’mon manco, up you go.” Señor Oberto had already swung himself up on his horse and I looked at him helplessly.
“Manco just means ‘one-armed’,” he said, “in case you think she called you something worse. One thing you’ll learn about Pilar is that she has a very, shall we say, colorful, vocabulary in Spanish. Where she picked that up, I have no idea.”
“At college, Father,” she replied. “I remember one of our professors once said that he was pleased that the college had admitted women so that they ‘could learn to think like men,’ but I asked him if it would be alright if we aimed higher than that. 
“Present company excepted, of course, Mr. Edmunds. I would be quite pleased if these two ever began to adopt even a tiny fraction of your thoughtfulness and kindness.” She climbed down off the wagon and gave Mr. Edmunds a hug and kiss, and I could notice a tear in her eye as she got back up beside me.
“Now let’s go,” she said. “I’m sure there are some goats that need discussing somewhere and we need to get to it. Adiós, everyone. Hasta la próxima.”
She snapped the reins on the horses’ backs and we began to move toward the gate. “I don’t want you to say anything for a while,” she said to me. “I just want to be quiet and look at the mountains.”
“Sure,” I smiled. “I just want to be quiet and look at you.”
We rode in silence long past noon and spoke only enough after that to organize our stop in the shade near a small stream for Concha’s packed lunch of cold roast chicken and sweet peppers. After lunch, Señor Oberto rode ahead a bit.
We continued until near dusk before Pilar spoke again. “Ben, there are so many things I love about you. They are the same things I love about Father. But, there are also some things I hate, and I don’t know what to do about that. You both have these secret holes in you that you crawl into, and I can’t go with you—and I don’t even want to try.”
“I can’t speak for your father,” I said. “But that hole in me is getting smaller every day. Mr. Edmunds told me twice that I can never forget what happened to my family, but what I do with how I remember them is what will define my life. I’ve done what I thought I had to do, and it changed me. Mostly though, it made me realize that I never, ever want to do anything like that again, nor would I want anyone I love to do it either.
“I know it sounds contrived, but the memory of Mom’s and Bill’s and Álvaro’s deaths are losing their place in my thoughts. I find now that I think more of Mom’s pies, and wrestling with Bill, and Álvaro’s carved saints. If I want to get on with my life, I have to think of how they lived, not how they died.”
“Mr. Edmunds is a very smart man,” she said. “I’m glad that he taught you more than shooting, although I will admit that I’m glad he taught you that as well.” She smiled at me, although I could still see her eyes were wet.
“Can you drive for a minute?” she asked as she handed me the reins.
She removed her hat and set it on the seat between us. Then she unbuttoned the top button of her blouse and pulled Bill’s nugget over her head and handed it to me. “This is yours,” she said. “Thank you for letting me hold it for a while.”
“I’ll take it back on one condition,” I said. “That you let me trade it for something else I want to give you.”
“And what would that be?” she asked.
“A ring,” I said.
“Yes,” she said. “I’d like that very much.”




About the authors

G.A. (Art) Bartel was born in Council Bluffs, Iowa, in 1923. He spent most Saturday afternoons at local movie theaters where for ten cents he acquired a taste for westerns that he never lost.
Bartel left the University of Iowa to enlist in the Army after Pearl Harbor. He was a Ranger in Europe, where he was wounded twice, won the Silver and Bronze Stars for valor, and spent nine months in the hospital recovering from his wounds.
After the war, he returned to Council Bluffs, where he currently lives with his wife, Colleen. Their three sons were entertained on family camping trips by tales of their father’s life as a cowboy.
He died in September 2010.

Tom Bartel was a publisher, editor and writer in Minneapolis for over thirty years. He was the founder of two publications, City Pages and The Rake. In 2010, he moved to South America, where he has been doing some freelance magazine writing and is working on another novel.

Connect with Tom Bartel online:

Travel blog: http://www.andeandrift.com
Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/tombartel
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/tombartel
Smashbook author page: http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/tombartel


