Eyes of the Gunfighter
ROD  FISHER
Thanks to Jan, Ivy and Dainfor suggestions and copyediting.Copyright (c) 2021 Rod FisherSweet Bee Press
Whitefish, Montana, USA

Chapter One
The Gunfight
	“It’s over. The cheatin’ son of a bitch is dead,” I announced. The miners and townspeople came slowly out of the safety of doorways and alleys to see who had won the gunfight. 
	I'm sure most of the folks in Bannack had bet against my chances of surviving. I straightened up from my gunfighter crouch and played my role as a dangerous triggerman. Porter, face-down in the dirt, looked every inch the gunfighter; I probably looked more like a schoolteacher. I thought to counter that image by blowing the smoke off my gun muzzle and twirling it into my holster. 
 	Porter was doing a passable job of breathing without letting it show. He wore a white shirt, and his phony “blood” was obvious. He stayed perfectly still in the trampled manure and dirt of Bannack’s Main Street.
Oh yeah, he knew how to mimic a dead man; he’d dispatched a few. 
	It was a fine day for a gunfight in Montana. The sun was poised in a cerulean blue sky that arched from horizon to horizon.
	I walked over and prodded him with my boot. “Yep, he’s sure 'nuff dead all right. He was one mean bastard," I spat on his boots. "He was meaner than a rattler trapped in an outhouse shithole."
	I turned to the men watching. “I’ll be needing one of those pine overcoats.” I pointed to a row of rough board coffins leaning against the barber-undertaker’s storefront. “Gimme a hand here.”
	An excited hubbub ran through the onlookers. Two husky miners, eager to be part of the action, dragged a box over. They helped me dump his limp body into it. Another fellow hurried up, grinning, and offered a hammer and nails. I was quick to throw on the lid and start nailing it down. I had to smile at the irony; Porter was hearing the last nail driven into his coffin. It was a better sendoff than the one promised by the Vigilantes if they caught him.
	“I’ll be buryin’ him in the new Territorial Capital Cemetery,” I told the gawkers. “After all, he was a friend…sort of a friend...or once was. I’m gonna keep his gun, though. It's too nice to bury with him.” I grabbed the Colt pistol out of the dust and shoved it in my belt. “And all you mamas, listen up: Tell your young’uns to steer clear of poker games. Poker can get you killed…or make you a killer.” I reinforced this nugget of wisdom with a wise nod and a stern look directly at the children who were watching behind skirts and between legs.
	They helped me lift the coffin onto the dray; I climbed on, gave the horse a slap of the reins. The crowd broke up and headed for the saloons, chattering and guffawing. Several started following as I headed the horse for the Bannack graveyard. I turned and yelled at them, “I don’t want or need any help. Just get about your business!” Once we turned off the street and were hidden from the onlookers, I talked to my corpse in a low voice, “You okay back there?”
	“Yeah…I’m okay,” he answered. His voice was muffled and hollow. “Damn tomato juice is tickling my ribs.”
	We bumped along up the road to Boot Hill. I stepped off and dropped the reins over a grave marker. “Don’t get comfortable in there, Porter. We’re pretty soon gonna have a resurrection…when Lazarus shall rise again.” I chuckled at my Bible reference. “And Lazarus is gonna help me dig this hole.” His answer was a muffled grunt. 
	We dug a hole just deep enough to bury the empty coffin. We stood silently for a few minutes, then I held my hat over my heart and said with deep reverence, “There he lies, another nameless unlucky gunfighter, forgotten and buried in an unmarked grave.”
	Porter snorted and slapped the dirt off his pants.

Chapter Two
Ambush

	I first ran into Porter in July, 1863. I took passage on the Overland Stage from St. Joe to Fort Laramie. There I joined a wagon train heading for Montana by way of the new Bozeman Trail. I had misgivings from the git-go. I was a double fraud, both in my own mind and in my real purpose for the trip. I was feeling real doubts about my ability to carry out the mission I was being paid to do. Why did I leave Missouri? Hell, I knew why, and I would do it again. But still a little trickle of fear chilled my spine.  I signed on posing as a gold seeker, anxious to stake a claim at the now famous strike at Grasshopper Creek. 
	The wagons had been gathering at Fort Laramie for several days and there was a lot of discussion about the Indian danger ahead. In spite of apprehension and dire warnings, we got organized and moved out, leaving through the gates in a cloud of dust. It was not an emigrant train. There were no families or women, only freighters and a few other gold seekers heading for the gold camps. I did some horse dealing for the trip and had a decent mare and second-hand tack. We had a scout riding ahead and after five days with no Indian sign, and five peaceful nights circled for defense, we got a little complacent and more confident that the danger had been exaggerated. On the sixth day, in a shallow cut through the foothills, we were hit with an ambush. Our first warning was a flight of flaming arrows. Then they came at us in a wave down the west hillside screeching, yipping, and ululating. I was on foot at the time, giving my horse a rest. It was tied to the back of one of the freight wagons several units behind. I ran for my horse while struggling to free my pistol from its holster. It was soon a one-sided chaos. Lead was flying; wagons were on fire. A tall buck came leaping through the smoke and knocked me down before I reached my mare.
	It was Porter that saved my life. The Indian, a Crow with blacking on his face and white circles painted around his eyes straddled me and pinned me to the ground. I lost my gun in the tussle, and I couldn’t get his muscular arm and big hand off my neck. He was about to put an end to my struggles with an upraised tomahawk. That’s when Porter put a bullet into the back of his head. I felt a wet splatter on my forehead as he went limp on top of me.
	Porter pushed the Crow off and pulled me into a brush-filled gap in the hillside. All around us savage howls punctuated the crack of rifles. We hid there, lying side by side in the deep underbrush, enduring the screams of injured horses and humans, and the whine of ricochets. Porter squeezed my arm with an iron grip and kept me from moving.
	We remained there for an eternity, or so it seemed. We were bonded together by proximity, looking into each other’s eyes, afraid to move or speak, trying not to cough from the stench of burning bodies drifting over us. Fear was a rock in my belly. I was too terrified to worry about my dry mouth or the ants crawling up my pants legs. Porter was calm; he watched me with steady eyes, steely blue, as though he was afraid I might jump up and go crazy, or something. 
	We waited, hidden, until finally, as the afternoon waned, there was silence. Then I thought I could hear hoof beats coming our way. I went rigid with fear, but it was only my heart beating against the ground. Porter rose up on one elbow and looked around. I raised my head up off the dirt. “They all gone?” I croaked; my dry mouth had trapped my tongue. The shadows were lengthening. The sun slid behind the Big Horn Range to the west, leaving a scarlet wash tinting the spring snow on the ragged skyline.
	Porter stood up slowly, warily checking in all directions. “They’re all gone. Come on. Let’s get outta here.” He offered me a hand up.
	Once on my feet, I gaped, aghast at the scalped bodies and swarms of buzzing flies. The smoke from still smoldering wagons lingered with the odor of gunpowder, blood, and feces. It was a smell I will never forget, the reeking miasma of death.
	“Holy shit!” I stumbled and grabbed Porter’s arm. “Oh, my God…yeah…yeah, let’s get the hell outta here.”
	A flight of crows arrived and began scavenging among the bodies.
 	I looked frantically around and found my pistol. “Should we bury these...”  I started to say, but Porter cut me off with a look that made me feel like an idiot. We started back, silently walking the return trail to Fort Laramie, checking each rock and hill for any sign of the Indians. I thought about Missouri. Maybe I should have stuck it out. As it got dark, we followed the wagon tracks in the moonlight and walked on. 
	At dawn, we crested a hill and Porter spotted a sheltered spot between some rocky outcrops. “We can hunker down here,” he suggested, then sat down with his back against the sandstone. “We’ll travel again when it gets dark.”
	I remained standing.  I looked all around for any sign of danger until I was satisfied we were alone. It seemed peaceful—the scattering of pines among the rocks looked ethereal in the rosy morning light.
	“I saw some riders get away. How come you didn’t take off with them? Your horse get shot?” I asked.
	Porter snorted in disgust, “Hell no! That mustang was never broke to gunfire. The first goddamn shot sent it into the air, humpin’ and twistin’.” He looked up at me like it was my fault. “Threw me down and galloped off.”
	I started to speak, then hesitated. 
	I shoved out my hand. “My name’s Frank Fergus,” I offered. “Actually, Francis…but I’d rather be called Frank.”
	Porter glanced up and offered a firm grip. “Porter Starrit.” 
	We sized each other up. We were about the same age, somewhere in our twenties; I was a little shorter.  He had a rangy body, broad shoulders and slim hips. A drooping black mustache that hung down framing each side of his mouth seemed a little large for his angular hollow-cheeked face. But the eyes--two intimidating icy blue eyes were his dominant feature. 
	“My sorrel was tied to a wagon when we was hit,” I offered. “I reckon some injun’s riding it now.”
	I squatted down opposite Porter and went about cleaning the dirt from my pistol, a virgin .36 caliber Remington Navy model; it was knocked out of my hand before I could use it during the massacre. Porter leaned back against the rock and pulled his hat down over his face. We sat in silence for a long time. 
	“Do you think it would be safe to smoke?” I finally asked.
	 Porter lifted the brim of his hat and nailed me to the rock with his eyes. “I wouldn’t want to find out,” he said. There was something arresting about his eyes. If the eyes are the windows of the soul, as I've heard people say, then Porter's soul must have been forged of blue steel on the blacksmith's anvil.
	I went on, “Damn, I’m hungry… thirsty, too. We should have had sense enough to try and find some food from the wagons.” There was no response, and I shifted around, finding a comfortable spot. I dozed off and on through the day, aware of every little noise. Porter hardly moved until it got dark, then we set off again. 
	“I hope we come across a creek,” I said. He wasn’t much for talking, but I didn’t give up. “Hey, Porter… are you fixin’ to do some prospectin’?”  
	“Yeah…and you?”
	“I was headin’ for… that is, I will be headin’ for one of the Montana strikes…if I ever get there. Maybe Alder Gulch or Grasshopper Creek. 
	The Bozeman Trail was considered an unhealthy route, but it was the shortest way to the gold fields of Montana. The Crow and Lakota considered its use by the wagon trains as a violation of their treaty territory. Their solution: attack, kill, scalp.
	The wagon master wasn’t worried. “I can assure you all,” he announced, “that, with eleven wagons in this train, we’ll have nothing to fear from the Lakota and Crow.” He was a heavy-bodied man, and he oozed confidence as he strode along the assembled drivers and hopeful prospectors. “Keep your firearms loaded and ready,” he advised in a booming voice. “If any randy braves get in our way, we’ve got the firepower…I repeat…we’ve got the firepower to say ‘howdy’.
	Yeah, there was a ‘howdy’, but it didn’t come from us. 
	Our second night, heading back to Fort Laramie, we heard hoof beats behind us. We got off the trail and hid in the brush. As the riders neared, we saw, by the moonlight, they were from the wagon train. We hailed them and made ourselves known. The group, a couple dozen men including the scout, had escaped and then gone back to bury the dead. They also managed to pick up some stray horses. We joined them and rode back to Fort Laramie. The images of the butchery tortured my mind and made me want nothing more than to turn east and head back to Missouri and Camille. She didn't seem such a bad option after what we'd been through. I got drunk the next couple days with the other survivors. That helped; we realized we were all having the same problem. I finally found a repository for the images of horror. I drove them out of my mind into a clouded region of my brain. I joined a group heading for Bannack and the Grasshopper Creek strike. I didn’t see Porter again until my new calling took me to Hellgate in the fall of 1864.  

Chapter Three
Hellgate

	Hellgate was nothing more than a wide spot on the road with a cluster of buildings. It had a reputation as a hub for activities, both legitimate and nefarious. There was a bar and a stage stop there serving numerous travelers and pack trains going and coming between Walla Walla and Fort Benton. Hundreds of get-rich-quick hopefuls were using the Mullan Road to get to the gold fields of Gold Creek and the recent strike at Last Chance Gulch. The Higgins Store had moved a few miles away, and the old store was boarded up. The open porch was sagging and surrounded by weeds and bushes, but the gallows posts over the corral fence still had a dangling length of frayed rope, a reminder of Vigilante justice dispensed there in January. 
	Four teams of mules pulled a big-wheeled freight wagon away from the saloon in a cloud of dust, heading east. Two muleskinners were working the rig with whistles, whip snaps and some well-seasoned language. I followed the dust to the saloon, a low wide building of squared logs. A board over the door proclaimed “WHISKY & BEER,” and looked freshly painted. I was tempted to go in, but I wanted to get a report off to Allan Pinkerton and to inquire about bandit activity, so I went on to the stage station first. 
	I found the bald-headed agent asleep in a rocking chair with his mouth hanging open and his glasses about to fall off. A lustrous collie, obviously well cared for, relaxed on the floor. It looked up, more alert than its master.
	“Hello,” I said.
	The agent snuffled and opened his eyes.
	“Can I send a letter from here?”
	He considered the question for a moment, waking up. “Where to?”
	“Chicago.”
	He got up and shuffled over to the counter, giving me a sideways look like I was a considerable inconvenience.
	“It can go on the stage to Helena, then the mail stage to Chicago by way of Virginia City and Salt Lake City.” He said. He paused and pursed his lips. “But I wouldn’t guarantee it would ever get there.” 
	“That’s okay. If you’ll provide me with a pen and paper, I’ll write it out.”
	He rummaged around behind his counter, then peered up at me over his glasses. “The eastbound stage won’t be through for a couple days.” He pulled two sheets of paper from a drawer and slid the pen and inkwell across the counter to me. I wrote the message, sealed it in the second sheet, and put Pinkerton’s Chicago address on it.
	“It’ll cost you five dollars.”
	A door behind the counter opened up revealing the living quarters. A plump Salish woman peeked in and gave me a big smile, minus a couple of front teeth. The agent gave her an annoyed glance and she slipped away, shutting the door and leaving a waft of cooking venison in the office. 
	“It’ll cost you five dollars,” he repeated. He saw the address. “Huh…Pinkerton…? You a Pinkerton man?”
	“Yes, I am.” I paid him. “I heard there were some robberies on your stage route lately. On the Mullan Road, I mean.”
	“Not our coach. It hasn’t been robbed for a couple months.” He was saying no and nodding yes. “But a couple miners got held up…not too long ago. Lost the fruits of months of labor, poor fools.”
	“I’m here to investigate. If you hear something I should know about, I’d sure appreciate your help.” I pointed to the wanted poster tacked on the wall. “They’re the ones I’m after. They robbed the Overland Mail stage near Fort Laramie and killed a woman passenger.”
	I started to leave, then turned back, “You wouldn’t happen to be holding a letter here for Frank Fergus by any chance? From the Pinkerton Agency?
	“That you? I don’t think so. I would have remembered that.” He snuffled and flipped through his pigeonholed letters. “No, sir. Sorry.”
	“Is there a place to stay here?”
	“We had some folks that rented that little cabin behind the saloon. They got gold fever and left for Gold Creek. I think they sold it to Hank, the bar owner.”
	I thanked him and left. 
	Yes, I was a Pinkerton agent, one that hadn’t been paid for a while. Despite what it said on the badge hidden under my coat, I didn’t really feel like a Pinkerton agent. I didn’t even know how I was supposed to feel. I hadn’t arrested anyone. I hadn’t killed anyone. Deep down I was in no hurry to experience those firsts.  I probably should have done something about Porter. He answered the description of one of the wanted men that I was sent to Montana to find. I just couldn’t get myself to question him, or follow through after he saved my life on the Bozeman Trail.
	What if I ran into him again? How would I handle it? Maybe I could trip him up on something that would reveal his involvement...if he was guilty. I put it out of my mind and headed for a shot of Old Rotten Sock, or whatever whiskey the bar was peddling.
Chapter Four
Pinkerton

	I first met Allan Pinkerton while working as a sheriff’s deputy in St. Joe, Missouri.  My folks had died of smallpox when I was sixteen and soon after I took a job with the post office as a pony express rider until that branch shut down. 
	The sheriff and I helped Pinkerton flush out a couple of bandits holed up in a rural cabin. When they didn’t respond to the sheriff’s order to surrender, I sent a warning shot through one of the windows. One of the robbers picked that moment to peek out and got his ear shot off. 
	Pinkerton looked over at me and nodded. “Nice shot,” he said.
	There was a lot of yowling and cussing from the cabin, then the pair threw out their guns and surrendered. They were made guests of the county jail to await trial.
	Before Pinkerton left town, he invited me to meet him for dinner at his hotel.  He was a stocky man with a full beard, steady eyes, and a receding hairline. He spoke with a trace of Scottish brogue. When we met at the hotel and sat down, he carefully tucked the white linen napkin under his collar to protect his brocaded vest. We made small talk through the evening meal, then he removed his napkin, wiped his beard, and sat back in his chair. He hailed the waiter and ordered coffee and cigars. After the waiter lit his cigar, he turned to me. “Francis,  I’ve got a proposition for you.” He gave me a stern look, unblinking.
	I didn’t say anything for a bit. Then I said, “I prefer to be called Frank.”
	He ignored that. 
	“You seem fairly adept at handling a gun,” he said bluntly.
	“Well, I’m no ways fast, but I usually hit what I aim at.”
	“Fast is nae the answer. When the smoke clears, it is accuracy that counts.” He set his cigar down and fished a silver toothpick out of his vest pocket and worked on his teeth for a bit. “I’d like to offer you a job, Francis...,” he paused, “er...Frank, I’d like to offer you a job, a career, perhaps...in my organization.”
	“Me…? Who? Whoa, Nellie. Are you serious?”
	“I am indeed serious.” He stifled a small burp with his napkin. “ I need an agent in the territories—specifically in the Montana gold fields.”
	I started to speak. He held up his hand, palm out, turned his head, and paused for a few seconds.
	“Hear me out. I am offering you a bona fide, salaried job as a Pinkerton detective. It would mean going to Virginia City and the other areas of Montana where gold seekers are pouring in. There you would seek out and, I hope, apprehend those men who recently robbed the Overland Stage. I have good information that they may be in those new camps.” He gave me a long, intense look, then sat back and relaxed his attitude. “Following that, there would be other assignments, of course…in the territories.”
	“Well, I…I don’t know if that…that is, I’ve had no experience in that sort of thing.” 
	“All my agents undergo a rigorous training period, but...No...no, I don’t want an answer now.” He pushed his chair back and got up. “I’ll talk to you again in the morning…before I take the train.”
	I left the hotel with my thoughts in a muddle. I was nursing a disgruntlement. Being a deputy sheriff was like plodding down an endless road to nowhere. I didn’t know what to think about the offer. Me, a Pinkerton agent? Didn’t seem to fit me, somehow, but I needed to find another fork in that road, a road to somewhere. I decided to talk to the sheriff; see what he would advise. I was courting the sheriff’s pretty daughter, Camille, and had to wonder how she would take it. She kept saying we should get married; I wasn’t thrilled with that idea. She had some qualities that rankled me. She seemed to enjoy flirting with other men just enough to upset me; then she’d back off, like it was a fun game. She was happiest when I was stewing. And then there was the war. Both the Union and the Confederacy were advertising heavily for volunteers. The Union had passed a conscription act. Missouri was in turmoil, and it seemed just a matter of time before I would be drafted to join one side or the other.
	I got to the sheriff’s house and stood for a while before the door. This was a turning point in my life and I convinced myself that it was what I wanted. I knocked and Camille ushered me in. “I need to talk to your dad,” I said. Her face lit up. I think she expected me to ask him for her hand in marriage.
	“Daddy,” she trilled, “Francis is here.” She flounced into the parlor with me in tow.
	The sheriff was sitting in a rocking chair, nursing a drink. I took a bold breath and didn’t waste words. “Pinkerton wants to hire me.” I blurted it out it like I was daring him to stop me.
	He looked at me like he didn’t understand what I said.
	“I got a job offer from Allan Pinkerton this evening.”
	He blinked a couple times. “Well…a job offer...from Pinkerton, you say?”
	“Yep. He wants to make me a Pinkerton agent.”
	“He wants to make you a Pink…”
	“That’s right,” I interrupted. “I think I’ll take it. But I wanted to talk to you first.”
	“Well, well…You’d better give that offer some more thought.” He drained the rest of his drink, wiped his mouth, and looked at me like I had lost my senses. “You haven’t had enough experience to handle that job. No, I don’t think…”
	“I think I’ll take it,” I interrupted. My jaw was set.
	“I’m telling you, son, you’re too much of a greenhorn. You’d be pokin’ your johnny in a beehive. No, you better tell Mr. Pinkerton to find someone else.”
	That rankled me. I would never be anything but a greenhorn if I didn't take advantage of the offer.
	I glanced at Camille. “I would be sent to Montana Territory…my first assignment.” If I was expecting a tearful overture of undying love from Camille, it didn’t happen. I think she was already checking her list of other suitors for a husband. I left. There was nothing more to say.
	I couldn't sleep that night. What was I thinking? My recruitment by Pinkerton was based on the the premise that I was some sort of a marksman. What a joke! I was lucky to hit that cabin window, let alone the outlaw. And Camille? Would I really miss her? I wasn't really in love with her, anyway. She was just convenient. Marrying her would just lock me into a restive rut going forward.
	The next morning I joined Pinkerton on the train, swallowing my trepidation, feeling both free and nervous. Pinkerton took me back to Chicago where I trained in all of the various skills that my new profession required. After two weeks of long days, short nights, and hard work, I was supposed to be ready. I did not feel ready. Allan gave me a shiny new badge, a Remington Navy revolver, six months’ pay in advance, and briefed me for my assignment. 
	He gave me some Wanted Posters with engraved sketches of three outlaws who were wanted for the robbery of the Overland Stage and the murder of a lady passenger. 
	“Overland is distributing the posters; they’ll be sent along all the stage routes,” he told me. “Check with the agents wherever you can. Might get a useful lead that way. My most recent telegram from Salt Lake City reported some robberies on the Mullan Road by three rogues who fit these descriptions.” 
	One of the trio was medium height with blond hair and a broad pock marked face. One was described as half Indian, about five foot five, with a scar along his left jaw line. He was a known and wanted murderer called Wahoo Wilson. The third robber, a slim man six feet tall, had worn a bandana over his face, but had intense blue eyes that one witness said he would never forget. The stage company put up a $500 reward on each one. The money would go to Pinkerton, of course, if I should nab them. I shoved the posters in my coat pocket and packed up for the trip west. I was to pose as a gold seeker and join a wagon train leaving for the Alder Gulch strike by way of Fort Laramie and the new Bozeman Trail. 
Chapter Five
Poker Stakes	
	I left the Hellgate stage stop and walked back toward the saloon. Two long pack trains had pulled in from the West and were getting organized to camp in the grassy field on the other side of the bar. The door to the bar was wide open. Inside, it took a moment for my eyes to adjust to the gloom after the late afternoon sun. The light from four paraffin lamps, hanging in a wagon-wheel chandelier, was reflected from the mirror in the back bar.  
	The place was empty except for one customer and the bartender. They both turned to look at me. I did a double take. The customer was Porter. I had the light from the door behind me, so he didn’t recognize me until I got closer.
	“Frank! What the hell…?”
	“Yeah, it’s me. Damn, Porter, I sure didn’t…I mean, hey…good to see you.”
	“What brings you to this place?”
	“Ah, I just got sidetracked.” I mumbled. “I was checkin’ out the diggin’s down in Gold Creek.”
	Porter introduced me to the bartender. “Here...this is Hank.”
	I reached across the bar and shook hands. He had a strong grip for a little guy. He also projected a “don’t-mess-with-me” attitude. He wore a spotless white apron over his generous beer belly. I observed that he ran a tidy establishment; the glassware and the back bar mirror sparkled and the brass spittoons were polished. It lacked the stale beer smell of most bars. That was kind of disquieting for some reason; bars are supposed to stink. 
	“Glad to meet you, Hank. Maybe you can suggest a place I can rent a room for a few days.” 
	Porter answered for him. “Hank’s got a shack out back you can share with me. I paid him for a week.”
	“You goin’ to be here more than one night?” Hank asked.
	“Yeah, I’m not sure...couple days at least.”
	“Then the first drinks on me.” With a big grin, he slapped a glass on the bar and poured me a whisky.
	“Well that’s right friendly of ya," I said. "Here’s to ya.” 
The three of us toasted.
	“Is there a stable or a corral for my horse?” I asked.
	Porter shook his head, “Nah, just hobble it. Lots of good grazing all around.”
	I couldn’t help but compare Porter to the description of the masked stage robber. I started to ask the hard question, then backed off. I didn’t want to chance being wrong. I needed more than a suspicion. He seemed pleased to see me again. As we talked he was amiable and reflected no criminal attributes, or what I might, in my ignorance, perceive those qualities to be. 
	Several of the packers came in. They were a rough bunch, but they looked too tired and thirsty to start trouble. I finished my beer and left to take care of my horse and check out the shack in back. Porter stayed behind to see if the newcomers brought any news from Walla Walla.
	The shack was a one-room weathered hovel with board and batten walls. There were seams of moss outlining the curling shingles on the roof. I was expecting a mess inside--dust, mold and cobwebs. But it was clean and habitable. Apparently Hank’s tidiness wasn’t limited to the saloon. There were shutters on the inside of the two windows. I presumed they would have served a defensive purpose when the Blackfeet were still raiding in the area. I saw a table, two chairs, and a sheet iron heater with a cooktop. There was a bunk bed against the back wall and I was travel weary, so I pulled off my boots and flopped down on the bottom bunk’s straw mattress. 
	I woke up a few hours later to the smell of bacon. Porter had the stove fired up and was making a meal. A chipped enamelware coffee pot was bubbling. I swung off the bunk and saw that it was getting dark out.
	“Bacon and fried potatoes coming up,” he said. That was as conversational as he got through the entire meal.
	After we ate, Porter decided to go back to the saloon. “I’ll see if I can play a little poker,” he said. “Maybe lighten some of those packers’ pokes.”
	I got my boots on and went with him, thinking I might glean a little information or clues from the locals.  We got a couple drinks and took them to a table. The packers were still there, drunk and boisterous.  Porter got out his cards and started shuffling and laying out a pattern on the table. Shortly, two guys joined us, and the poker game began.
	I was just watching and thinking about joining the game when a fellow who looked and smelled like a trapper walked up. He was a wiry little guy, kind of humped over, so that it seemed his body followed his head when he walked toward us. He wore fringed buckskins and knee-length beaded moccasins.
	“You are playing here? Yes…? No…?”
	“No, just watchin’.” I got up and offered him my place. He sat down and I took my drink to the bar and started making small talk with the drover next to me. We hit it off and the evening wore on. I got drunker and soon was backslapping sociable with my new packer “pals.” 
	I raised my glass in a silent toast to my new Pinkerton profession. This detecting is damn fine work, I decided. I was about to happily reveal my shiny badge to my new buddies when my thoughts were cut short; Porter hailed me to join the game.
	I took the place of the guy quitting. I tried to discipline myself, and told myself to steady up, stop grinning and put on a poker face. The pots and raises were modest, and nobody was getting rich or leaving poor. Porter was doing all right. I figured he was sort of coasting to keep everybody in the game. Porter was good at poker. His poker face was a player’s weapon, and he knew how to use it— or how not to use it, I should say. 	
	A girl came in and spoke quietly to the trapper. He swore at her through stained, clenched teeth and shoved her away. 
	My attention was on my cards. I was trying to make out the dancing pips; they seemed to be either blurry sevens or quivering nines. My poker face was a joke. Even a couple more drinks didn’t stop me from snorting and giggling when a card surprised me. Somehow, in spite of that, I kept winning. I cleaned out the guy next to me, and soon after, Porter pocketed his pile and went to the bar. The trapper rummaged into his pouch for a few more coins and raised me. I called. I only had three sevens, but it was enough to beat him.
	He sat there, disgusted, studying the bare table in front of him.  He hadn’t said much during the game, except to tell us to call him “Louie.” I figured he was French-Canadian. His black hair had a streak of gray, but he couldn’t have earned it through age. He wasn’t that old. He had sunken eyes above dark pouches and a lined, leathery face. His lips had a locked sneer, a sign of disdain for others. It occurred to me, even drunk as I was, that the sociable aspect of our game was deteriorating. 
	“You will make Louie one last bet,” he goaded me. “We cut cards.” He looked hungrily at the pile of money in front of me. “I bet you this…” He swung around and beckoned the girl who was cringing against the wall behind him. She came hesitantly until he grabbed her flimsy dress and dragged her stumbling to stand by the table.
	It took my foggy brain a moment to realize he wanted to bet this girl against the pile of money in front of me.  “You are betting this girl?” 	
	“She is my daughter Marie. Very nice. Still virgin. Cooks, sews…every damn thing.” He grabbed her chin and raised her face to me. “See…pretty, too, eh?” He gave her a little whack. “Show your teeth...see, ha...good teeth, eh?”
	“You must be crazy, Mister…that’s ridiculous!”
	He grabbed the deck, gave it a quick shuffle, placed it in the middle of the table, and gave it a malicious rap with a knuckle.
	“You cut,” he ordered.
	Some sense of survival kicked in. I thought I should let him win and leave. Better than a fight. The pile of money didn’t represent much of an investment on my part. 
	“Sir, I think you should cut first.” I was trying to mollify him with some extra politeness.
	“You cut!” 
	I cut. I exposed a six. He started grinning like he’d already won. I reshuffled the deck and replaced it.
	He cut. His card was a five. 
	I was out of my chair, anxious to get away. He wasn’t carrying a gun, but he had a skinning knife on his belt. He howled a stream of French curses and shoved his daughter into me.  Then he turned and stormed out the door. 
	Porter came over and took my arm. “Let’s get you outta here before things get nasty.” He slid my money off the table into his hat. I was a little unsteady, so I welcomed his help. The rest of the evening was a blank.
	The next morning, I woke up with a hangover, a hangover that I had earned and deserved. I sat on the side of the bunk massaging my temples for a while. I saw an unfamiliar pack on the floor, then I noticed the girl. She was sitting at the table.
	“Oh, Jesus…what the hell are you doin’ here?”
	She just looked at me like I was pathetic.
	“…and where’s Porter?”
	“I made you coffee.”
	“I asked you, dammit. Where’s Porter?”
	“Your friend left.” She let that sink in for a minute. “He left you a note. I wrote it out for him.”
	I didn’t give a crap about her note. I went to the water bucket and dipped out a cupful. I was shaking so bad that I sloshed out half of it before I could empty it on my head. It helped, somewhat. Some creature was banging a Chinese gong inside my skull.
	“Do you want to read it?” she persisted.
	“No, I…oh, Hell…you read it. You wrote it...jeez”
	“It says, ‘Dear Frank,’ I added the ‘dear’. He didn’t tell me to write that. ‘Dear Frank, I left for Virginia City.  Join me when you get your gold fever. We can partner on a claim.’”
	Porter gone. There’s nothing worse than a damn unexpected situation to consider when your cogitator is trying to exit through your eyeballs. Porter had left. I had to let that sink in before confronting her again.
	“Okay. Now answer my first question. What are you doin’ here?”
	She gave me a white-toothed smile that dimpled her cheeks. “I belong to you now.” 
	"You what?"	
	She looked at me, wide-eyed and surprised. “Don’t you remember? The poker game with Louie? Now I belong to you.”
	“Belong to me? Damned if you do! This ain’t no slave state. Just go on back to your daddy.”
	She slunk back in the chair and lowered her face. Ah, Christ, I felt I’d hurt her feelings, somehow. It was too much to think about. My head was about to explode. I walked out and went to the saloon for a shot of hangover elixir. That was a mistake. Louie, the trapper was there.
	He came at me, drunk, swinging his big knife. I stumbled aside and tried to fend him off, but he drew a slice across my right hand.
	“I teach you! Cheating pig. You steal my Marie!”
	I got a table between us. I wasn’t wearing my gun, so I picked up a chair for a shield.
	He kept coming, snarling, and waving the knife. “Ha…you got some blood now. I fix that hand pretty good, eh?” He tried to get a swipe at me, and I blocked it with the chair. I continued to find a route, ducking between tables while he stalked me like I was a wounded buck. I kept trying to tell him he could have her back, but he was berserk, yelling at me in French and not listening.
	Hank went into action. He pulled his shotgun out from under the bar and yelled, “Put the knife away, Louie…and get the hell out of here.”
	Louie ignored him. He kept coming at me. He was shaking and drooling with hatred.  “This knife…into your belly, ha! How you like that, eh?” His savage grin widened. “I open you up like the fishy!” He swung the blade left and right before him as he came closer.	
	Hank had enough; he fired the shotgun. Louie collapsed over a table. Hank looked shocked. “What the hell…I didn’t even aim at him.”
	There was a moment of silence, then:
	“I did.”
	The quiet statement came from Louie’s daughter Marie. She stood in the doorway holding my smoking revolver. Nobody knew what to say. Louie twitched a couple times, then slid off the table onto the floor, breaking the silence. 
	Hank and I both got to him at the same time. Her shot had blown an exit hole in his chest. He was still alive. Hank propped his head up, and he coughed up a mass of blood. 
	“She got him through the lungs,” Hank said. “He ain’t gonna make it.”
	My hand started hurting, and I realized I was bleeding badly. Hank was on top of it. He hustled up a clean bar towel and wrapped it up. Then I thought about Marie. I turned and saw the girl kneeling, slumped on the floor just inside the door. She had her hands over her face. The revolver, still smoking, was on the floor in front of her.
	I went over to her. She was trembling.
	“Do you want to say good-bye to your daddy?” I asked, gently. “He’s dying over there.”
	After a long silence, she looked up at me, dry-eyed and bitter. “No. He deserves to die.” She sniffed and looked at her hands. “I have wished him dead many times…many, many times over.”
	I didn’t know what to say. Louie’s attack seemed to have cured my hangover and replaced it with a throbbing hand. 
	Marie noticed the towel was sodden with blood. She jumped up and grabbed my arm. “Come on. I can sew it up.”
	“Not without my pistol.”
	She picked up the gun and walked me back to our shack. She sat me at the table and unwrapped the towel to examine the wound. She was obviously experienced in sewing up wounds. She found a needle and thread in her stuff, then washed the cut and stitched it neatly together. It hurt like hell, but I just got tight-jawed and tried not to howl like a trapped coyote. After bandaging me, she left without any explanation.
	I sat there, torn between wishing she wouldn’t come back and hoping that she would. She didn’t take her pack, so I figured I’d see her again.
	Porter gone. That started to sink in. Maybe he suspected I was just waiting for him to make a mistake so I could arrest him. That was funny. I don’t think I could have arrested him, even if he confessed. Although he was ninety percent mystery, I valued his friendship in some indefinable way.
	Maybe he had a rendezvous with the other two robbers in Virginia City. And now this girl problem. It was a taxing overload for my aching head.
	“Ah, to hell with it,” I cursed out loud. Then to the stove, “What are you grinning at?” The stove had a design on the door that resembled a smile.
	About noon, Marie came back. She came in carrying a rifle of some unknown vintage under one arm and pulling a sack full of stuff with the other. As Louie had pointed out, she was a pretty girl.
	She looked at me with a smug little grin. “I brought the horse and mule and some other stuff…it’s outside.”
	“Now, hold on. You can’t stay here.”
	Her face crumpled into pre-cry mode. “But I belong to you now. Where else can I go?”
	“Belong to me? No…no, that’s…that’s just not right…” I was going to explain my feelings about slave ownership. I hadn’t really decided who I favored, North or South. But now I found myself firmly with the North. I was about to expound on the evils of one person having ownership over another.
	She interrupted, “I thought you valued me.”
	“What?…Of course I do, but…”
	“I saw the big amount of money you paid for me,” she was on the verge of blubbering. “Louie always said I was worthless.”
	“No…no, that was just a bet. I didn’t buy you.”
	“Same thing.”
	I was being victimized by women’s logic. “Can’t you see that I can’t have you here? My God…it just isn’t right.”
	She clammed up and refused to look at me.
	“Okay, you think about it. I’m gonna see if I can help bury poor old Louie. I expect you to be gone when I get back.”
	She turned to me then, her sad face blazing with anger. “Poor old Louie!” She spit it out like a vile poison.
	I found Hank and a helper in the field behind the shack. They were just lowering Louie into the hole when I arrived. “Sorry I didn’t get here sooner,” I told him. “I’ll take over and fill it in.”
	Hank looked at my bandage. “Sure you will. With that hand?”
	I realized I wouldn’t be much good with a shovel.
	 “How’s his daughter doing?” Hank asked.
	“She’s not exactly mourning. She hated him.”
	“Well, I’ll leave it up to you and her if you want to make a marker of some kind.” 
	I liked Hank. He was definitely one of the good guys. I stood around and watched them fill in the grave. As soon as my hand was healed enough I’d get back on the job and head for Virginia City.

Chapter Six
Marie

	When I got to the shack Marie was still there. She had straightened up the bunks, made a fire, and was stirring a pot of something on the stove. It smelled good. She looked at me and gave me her dimpled smile.
	“Yes, I am still here. You will get used to it.”
	When I reached up for my hat, she closed her eyes and compressed her lips like she expected to be hit.
	I just took off my hat and scratched my right ear. I had to think.
	When she saw I wasn’t going to hit her, she went on, “I can cook for you. Wash your clothes. Rub your back. I can shoot birds and rabbits. I can…” She rattled on, volubly enumerating all her qualities and talents.
	When she finished her list, I asked her, “Why did you hate your father?”
	“He was not my father.”
	“Louie? Not your father?”
	Instantly her lips puckered, “He was cruel…a filthy beast…he killed my mother...and...,” She looked up at me, her eyes blazing with hatred.  
She struggled to finish the sentence. “...he did things to me.” Her anger turned to shame.
	Before I could come up with something sympathetic, she drew a deep breath and continued.	
	“He bought my mother…she was white…traded some horses for her from the Blackfeet. She was already pregnant with me, but it didn’t show. He never knew I wasn’t his daughter.”
	“So you’re half Injun?”
	“Yes, and I’m sure my father, whoever he was, was a much nicer man than Louie could ever be.”
	“And Louie killed your mother, you say?”
	“He beat her once too often. He beat me all the time, too.” With that she undid the top of her shapeless frock and turned her back to me. She pulled it down to her waist; her back was laced with red welts. It hurt just to look at it; I yielded to a sudden ache of compassion.
	“Well, we’ll figure it out,” I assured her. “We’ll talk about it after we eat.”	
	As she struggled to pull her top back up in place, I saw enough to realize she was no longer a girl. She had the curves of a young woman. 
	She cleaned and re-bandaged my hand that evening, but we never got into discussing her so-called “belonging” to me. I just didn’t know where to begin.
	 We both were uncomfortable when it came time for sleeping arrangements. I gave her the bottom bunk. She insisted on helping to take off my boots, then turned away. I got down to my long johns and hoisted myself up to bed.	
	She had borrowed a paraffin lamp from Hank that afternoon, and it hung over the table. Now she sat in its circle of light, immersed in a book. I lay there listening as she flipped pages…sometimes one, sometimes several, like she was looking for something in particular. After a while my curiosity made me interrupt.
	“What are you reading?”
	She didn’t look up. “The Bible.”
	I left it at that, but after a while she turned to me. “I’m trying to find a passage,” she said. “I thought maybe…maybe something Jesus might have said…about persons who hate their father.”
	I found it odd that she spoke with no trace of an accent, French or Indian. She had a velvet layer to her voice, an inflection that was soothing to the ear. 
	“I can’t help you with that,” I confessed. “Where did you learn to read…at school?”
	“My mother taught me while Louie was gone tending his traps. She didn’t want me to grow up ignorant like him. She was a school teacher before she was captured.”
	She closed the Bible and unbraided her hair. It hung thick and luxurious below her shoulders. As she brushed it, blue-black reflections from the lamp waved in harmony with her brush strokes. She finished up and blew out the lamp. 
	I figured she was changing into a nightgown before crawling into the bottom bunk. I couldn’t help but associate the swish of fabric with some prurient mental images. 
	In the following days, she did do all the things she had listed—cooking, cleaning, laundry—busy, busy. She even shot a couple of grouse that she stewed with potatoes and carrots. She washed and wrapped my wound every day until it no longer needed a bandage. It was still stiff, but I managed to chop the stove wood, relieving Marie of that job. 
	We were growing comfortable in each other’s company. Marie was full of life, bright and amusing. She had a pleasing face in keeping with her personality. She was light-skinned but there was something Indian about her nose and cheeks. I hadn’t noticed that until she dug a beaded choker out of her bag and wore it every day. She said it was her mother’s. She kept her long, black hair parted in the middle, with two braids that she tied together in back with a ribbon. I felt she had the promise to be beautiful when she matured, a promise reinforced by the intelligent arch of her eyebrows. Most of all, I loved her eyes. They were large and dark with clear whites, hardly ever still, always playful and questioning. I realized I was growing rather fond of her, but immediately filed that thought away in my denial bucket. When she saw my badge she asked if I was a sheriff. I explained my role as an undercover agent for the Pinkerton Agency and the assignment that brought me to Montana.
	Perhaps it was inevitable that the growing feelings between us would lead to something. I had spent some time in the saloon chatting with some drovers, hoping for some relevant information pertaining to the stage robbers. On my way back to the shack I heard her singing some lullaby in French. She had a sweet voice, half humming, half singing as she remembered the words. She had picked huckleberries earlier that afternoon, and the next morning we had huckleberry syrup on our pancakes. I loved huckleberry syrup and I raved about, how delicious it was, how clever she was, and before I could finish, she beamed and planted a quick kiss on my cheek.
	She couldn’t have shocked me more if she’d used a hot poker. At the touch of her lips a shiver shook my heart. She was all I could think of for the rest of the day. That night, she pulled off my boots, then turned the lamp down to get undressed. I had to take a quick peek as she shook her nightgown down over her head. Against the dim flame I could see silhouetted the beautiful outline of her curves. I took off my shirt and pants and climbed into the upper bunk.
	She got into the lower bunk and the sexual tension was tangible.
	 “Frank,” she whispered, “Would you sleep down here? It’s too cold, we could... we could...keep each other warm.”
	I didn’t need a second invitation. I crawled in with her and then her mouth was on mine and nothing else mattered. Her kiss was full of love. The kiss grew more urgent when she realized that I was kissing her back. With a husky moan, she pulled me closer, the fingers of one hand tangling in my hair. 
	I wrapped my arms around her. “I...I think I love you,” I whispered. “I do love you, Marie! My God, how I love you!” The words got easier to say each time I repeated them.” She settled next to me and pressed her body against mine. I lowered my head to her neck and began exploring with kisses. She sighed in contentment and pulled me closer to her. 
	“And I love you, I do,” she murmured and kissed me again, teasing my lips with her tongue. My hand was resting next to her breast, my fingers barely brushing it, she guided my hand so it cupped the soft mound. My mouth left her neck and went to her breast. My tongue brushed her nipple, causing an involuntary gasp.
	I stopped and looked up at her. 
	“Don’t stop.” She swallowed. “Um, it was...it was nice.”
	We made passionate love into the night. There was a moment, suspended in time, when her body arched and shook. We cried out in exquisite pleasure as we reached ecstasy, together as one entwined spirit.
	Slowly it subsided, and we lay together, marveling at the wonder of it. It was so much better than I had thought or imagined. I wrapped my arms around her, and she settled into a comfortable position against me, choosing to rest her head in the crook of my arm. I kissed the top of her head and caressed the curves of her body.
	“Now I really belong to you,” she murmured.

 	 It was the first week of October, and the little pile of sawed logs that Hank had left by the shack was almost gone. The advance guard of winter came without warning in the middle of the night. Tickling strings of ice cold air swirled through every crack in the board and batten walls of the shack. Marie caught a cold and spent time in bed under a pile of blankets and furs. There were no reports of any bandits on the Mullan Road since I had arrived. I felt I had to follow Porter as my best lead, so I would just take Marie along and figure it all out later. I still had a strong feeling that Porter was the third robber, even though I didn’t want to believe it. His sudden departure made me suspicious that he might be meeting up with the other stage robbers. The weather turned mild again, and after a couple days I was ready to travel. The sky was clear, the sun was bright, and the grass was glistening with frost the morning we left. Marie got outfitted in Louie’s pants, which were close to her size. She also put on a tasseled woolen toque and a coat made from a Hudson Bay blanket. We packed our gear on the mule, saddled the horses, and left for Virginia City.
	We should have left sooner.

Chapter Seven
The Trading Post

	We took the Mullan Road south for most of the day and made good time. As the sun moved behind the mountains on the other side of the river, I started looking for a good spot for an overnight camp. Without the sunshine, the air got chilly, and Marie had a coughing fit.
	“You gonna be okay?” I asked.
	She was hunched over the pommel of her saddle with a handkerchief over her nose and mouth. She looked up at me, gave me a weak smile, and nodded.
	 A little further on I saw what appeared to be an abandoned wikiup by the river. It was a conical affair, a pole frame that was thatched with cedar boughs. 
	“We’ll stop here,” I told her. “It’s not much, but at least it’ll give us a little protection from the wind.”
	The sky clouded up, a gray wooly overcast. “We might get snow,” I predicted, “maybe a blizzard.”
	We got the animals tethered in the tall willows, and I gathered up some firewood. I got a fire going several yards from the dry thatch of the wikiup, and Marie made coffee. After we ate, we took our sleeping gear into the shelter. It was barely big enough for the two of us. The fire crackled and snapped in front of us, and the river murmured and gurgled behind. We crawled into our nest of furs and blankets side by side, enjoying our intimacy, too bundled up to do anything further. I felt a deep, comforting satisfaction just holding her close.
	Marie woke me in the middle of the night with a paroxysm of coughing. There was nothing I could do for her other than hold her shaking body and keep her bundled and warm. The wind rustled the branches roofing our shelter, and dry needles filtered down on us.
	We woke up to a quiet, white world and a dazzling morning sun. It was a gentle preview of winter; by afternoon there were only white patches of snow left among the trees. 
	Marie’s condition was getting worse. I finally took her reins and led her horse while she laid forward over her vaquero saddle. It was a weathered and battered antique that had no horn, but it had a heavy sheepskin pad over the pommel that eased her position.
	It was dusk when we came to a log building with a framed second floor added on. The sun-faded sign said, “Pierre’s” in big swash letters, and “Comestibles and Miner’s Supplies” in block letters below. Inside, my first impression was that it had started as a trading post. There were still wide-striped Hudson Bay blankets and racks of tools and pots prized by Indians. But most of the store was dedicated to the needs of the prospectors and placer miners that were working the creeks to the north.
	A squatty Frenchman with curly gray hair and a tobacco stained beard sat behind the counter smoking a calabash pipe. His dark eyes were impassive and too close to his veined nose. I figured he was the Pierre, as on the sign.  He looked at us like we had no right to disturb him. Then a woman stepped forward to greet us with an aura of perfume. She gave him a dirty look for not taking care of us, so I had to assume she was his wife. She was a raven-haired beauty who seemed an unlikely match—a voluptuous princess and an ugly toad. Maybe if she kissed him, I thought, he’d turn into a handsome prince. 
	She greeted us with a big smile. “I am Yvette,” then she saw that Marie was in a bad way. Her smile changed to sad concern, “Oh, my…you are needing a room for this one, N’est-ce pas?”
	“Yes, I was hoping…”
	“Hoping, hoping…you do not worry. We have rooms for rent above.” She took Marie’s other arm. “Come with me, we get you to bed tout de suite!”
	She led us up the stairs and into a room with two cots, a washstand, and a chair.  “You see, eet is nice...clean for you...no bedbugs, eh? She smiled and left, and in a short while I could hear her downstairs cussing in French at her husband about something. Then she popped back in, smiling, with a bed warmer. She ran it around between the covers of one of the cots, and then helped me get Marie ready for bed. Then she said good night, gave me an inviting look, and closed the door.  
	I tucked the blankets up around Marie. 
	She grabbed my hand. “Oh, Frank, my love,” she whispered. “I’m so sorry. I know I am a lot of trouble for you.”
	“Ah, come on…you’re gonna be fine in a couple days. A good rest in a warm bed will fix you up.”
	She gave me a wan smile, squeezed my hand a little, and closed her eyes.
	The next morning, she had a fever. Her cough had a nasty hollow sound. Yvette got her to eat some broth, but as the day went on her condition got worse. I stayed by her bedside most of the days and nights nursing her until her fever broke. Yvette was kind enough to spell me so I could catch an occasional nap. She always managed to bump into me with her generous bosom or “accidentally” touch me in some intimate way, I knew she was hot to trot, but I wasn’t interested. 
	Marie had wasted away and was still too fragile for travel. I had lost track of time but I needed to move on. I didn’t want to leave her, but I had a job to do. I had to catch up with Porter again. So far, he was the only possible link I had to the robbers. I wished I had some gut instinct about him. A real detective might…but wait a minute, I am supposed to be a real detective. I suspected he was one of them; I was afraid he was; I hoped he wasn’t. 
	That insane poker game had left me well healed, so I made arrangements with Yvette to take care of Marie until she got better and I could return for her. I suggested she might be a good helper in their store when she got healthy.
	I thought Marie was asleep, and maybe I could just leave her a note and sneak off, but she sensed something was up. She tried to raise up. “Frank…you’re leaving me, aren’t you?”
	“Yeah, I have to go on.” I took a deep breath. “I’m getting paid to do a job.”
	“Yes, you are a Pinkerton man.” She said it proudly. “It’s okay, my love. I’ll be all right.”
	Damn, that was hard to accept. I looked at her, a brave girl with a weak little voice, trying to make me feel less guilty. 
	“I’ve made arrangements with Yvette to get you stronger. They may have a job here for you once you’re all better.”
	Then, in a whisper, she said, "I love you, Frank. Will you come back?"
	“...and I love you, Marie.”
	Damn! I had to get going before I changed my mind. 
	“I'll be coming back for you as soon as I can.”
	She just nodded and gave me a little stab in the heart with her big brown eyes.
	“I’m leaving you a little grubstake. I put it in the toe of one of your moccasins.” I gave her a long heart-felt kiss and I hurried out. I planned on coming back for her in a couple weeks, but that was not to be.

Chapter Eight
Virginia City

	When I reached the junction of the road that ran east to Virginia City, I caught up with a pack train from Fort Hall. I figured it was safer to keep company with that outfit. The road between Virginia City and Bannack was famous for bandit action.	
	The pack train stopped for the night at Nevada City and unloaded some goods. It was more like an overgrown mining camp than a town. There was a squalid collection of tents, a couple of small cabins, and several businesses with false, unpainted clapboard facades set up in front of tents. 
	I decided to rinse my throat in one of the saloons. I passed through the false front and into the tent. Not too fancy. There were no tables or chairs. A few miners were standing around drinking out of tin cups. I was immersed in the stink of rough, grimy clothes and sweat, mingled with the odor of stale beer. Two smoking oil lamps hung over the pine plank, supported by sawhorses, which served as a bar. I slugged down some ‘one-brand-fits-all’ high-priced poison, then left and found a good spot on the edge of town. I hobbled my horse for the night and threw my bedroll under a tree. Thoughts of Marie kept me awake until alcohol and exhaustion took over.
	I pulled into Virginia City the next morning, October 12, 1864. I expected to see a ramshackle camp, but as an infant city, Virginia City was a wonder. I gaped in amazement at the substantial buildings lining the streets. The smaller shops of bakers, confectioners, barbers, and cobblers were sandwiched between two-story buildings advertising groceries, dry goods, miners’ supplies, and general merchandise. There were hotels and boarding houses and, of course, saloons, and gambling houses, some of which doubled as brothels. It seemed every third building housed a saloon. The streets were busy. Saddle horses, switching tails, lined the hitching rails. Pack mules and freight wagons pulled by long strings of oxen jockeyed for the right-of-way. There was a mix of odors: the sweet smell of bakeries and the perfume of barbershops, degraded by cow pies, road apples and out houses. I was struck by the atmosphere of energy and vitality exhibited by the people on the wooden sidewalks. There were quite a few Chinese, plus some Negroes and Mexicans.	
	I dismounted and doused my head in a horse trough. Then I gave my mare a turn at the cold water before tying her to a hitching rail. The size of the city created a problem. How was I going to find Porter? I considered going from saloon to saloon and asking. That was a bad idea. I would be knee-walking drunk and out of money trying to cover all the saloons in this town. It occurred to me that if Porter was checking on gold claims, he might be known at the assay office. That paid off. 
	I was describing Porter—the eyes, mustache, but I didn’t have to finish. The clerk was already nodding yes.
	“Your man has been in here a couple times to see if anyone wanted to sell a claim. He told me to direct any sellers to the Lucky Strike Saloon.”
	That was interesting. I wondered if anyone would ever find me that memorable.
	I saw his horse tied in front of the Lucky Strike. Porter came out just as I walked up. He stood by the hitching rail, hard and tan as a brick, squinting into the sun, before he recognized me.
	“Frank…you made it.” He almost smiled. “Ready to get rich?”
	I shook his hand. “I think I could handle it. I’m surprised to run into you in this beehive. This town is bustin’ its seams.”	
	“Yeah. How the hell did you find me?”
	“The assay office.”
	“You hungry?” He didn’t wait for an answer. “I was just heading for some belly filler. Come on. We’ll make a plan.”
	We walked over to the Star Restaurant. I went across the boardwalk to study the menu posted on the entrance. “Hey, Porter. Get a load of this. They even serve oysters here! Where do you suppose they get oysters in this country?”
	“Maybe they’re Rocky Mountain oysters.”
	“Rocky Moun….ah, come on, you’re pulling my leg. They don’t grow no oysters around here.”
	“Sure they do,” Porter said. He looked serious, but smiled with his eyes. “They grow between the hind legs of some sheep.”
	I thought about that for a second, then caught on. “I think I’ll try something else. They have ham and eggs and fresh trout, it says here.”
	I knew the prices would be high; they were a lot worse than I expected. The brusque lady who waited on us obviously didn’t like the dust and dirt I brought into her establishment. She made a long face like she smelled a skunk, then announced there would be no eggs until next week.
	I settled for link sausage and a couple of pancakes. 
	“I guess it’s time I mentioned something,” I said to Porter, “I’m dumber than dish water when it comes to panning gold or sluice boxes or any of that stuff.”
	Porter ate on and swallowed before answering. “I figured as much.”	
	I felt pretty uncomfortable. Would he still want to partner with me? Porter wasn’t much for conversation; sometimes his independent manner galled me. I rolled a cigarette and lit it. Finally, he cleaned up his plate, combed the crumbs out of his mustache with his fingers, and spoke to me. “Nothin’ to it but hard work.”
	On leaving, we checked the notes tacked on the wall by the coat rack. I figured he was a slow reader, so I volunteered. “Here’s one…it says, ‘Death in the family, leaving for East, will sell promising claim for $1000.’”
	Porter’s mustache twitched a rejection of that offer.
	“Okay, here’s one…this guy says he’ll sell a half interest in a claim with proven color for $500. What d’ya think of that?”
	Porter ran his hand through his hair before donning his hat. “We could just hang on to our poke, pick up some tools, and head for the end of the claims and start prospecting.” He mused on that for a moment. “Or maybe we ought to meet the guy and hear his pitch.”
	“It says he can be reached at the Bucking Lady Saloon,” I said. “We should ask for Barney.”

	The Bucking Lady was obviously more than a place to get drunk or gamble.  The bar ran full length along one wall and a stairway led to a second floor where a poor lonely miner could find companionship. Five of those bucking ladies offered their perfumed and painted services before we ever made it to the bar. They were especially attentive to Porter, him being the handsome one. He brushed past them and through the tables. There were a few tough-looking characters at the bar, drinking, bullshitting, and lobbing tobacco juice at the spittoons. One table featured a quiet poker game in progress. The bartender, a bald-headed and barrel-chested sort, with a scar over one eye, came over to us. His sleeves were rolled up showing his bulging biceps. He grabbed the empty glasses off the bar and swiped across the surface with a gray rag.
	“What’s you gent’s pleasure?” he asked, flashing a gold tooth.
	Porter clicked the edge of a coin on the bar. “Give us a couple shots of rye.”
	When the bartender brought the bottle and two glasses, Porter said, “We’re looking for a guy named Barney who wants to sell half his claim.”
	“Oh, Barney. Yeah, he’s usually around here on the weekends. Probably working his dirt this time of day.”
	“Why does he want to sell half his claim?” I asked.
	The bartender gave me a dirty look. “How the hell would I know? I’m not his financial advisor.” He moved down the bar to serve another man. Before long, one of the soiled doves sidled in between us. Her perfume triumphed over the prevailing saloon redolence.
	She cocked her head to one side and gave us a dimpled smile. “You boys would buy a lady a drink?” She asked like it was a given. 
	Porter didn’t even look at her. “No, we boys would not.”
	I thought he was being rude.
	She was not discouraged. “I suppose y’alls are new in town.”	
	“Well, yeah…” I started. Porter scowled at me, so I let it drop. I suppose I always talk too much.
	Even though I wasn’t tall, dark, and handsome, she perceived that I was the vulnerable one. She turned her charms on me. “Y’all look like you could use some loving ministrations…which I’m pretty good at.”
	I had one leg up on the rail, ogling the valley between her tits; she gave me a start when she rubbed the inside of my thigh. I instinctively put my boot on the floor and pulled away, knocking the spittoon sidewise. At least I think it was instinctive.
	She laughed and turned away to the tables.  Looking back, she said, “My name’s Annalee…in case you’d like to talk to me later. We could play a little slap and tickle.” 	I’d have to meditate on that. She was kind of pretty. Well…she would be with some of the junk washed off her face. Her red hair was done up nice and she had a tolerable shape.
	“Let’s get outta here,” Porter said. He slammed his shot glass on the bar, and I followed him out the door. Damn. He made me feel like a pet puppy.
	Whenever I brought up anything about his family or where he was from, he would fix those eyes on me and casually go about rolling a cigarette. After a couple drags on it, he would look off and say something unrelated to my question. I guess our only real connection, as partners, was the hours we spent together, lying in the bushes after the massacre. It seemed Porter hoped to strike it rich in this place merely as an interlude to some other future. I was here for a different purpose, but I didn’t object to getting rich, if that was a side benefit.
	Outside, we stood by the doors, discussing a place to stay. Porter was unhappy with his recent room in some flophouse. “The bed was an incubator for fleas,” he said. “I’d rather sleep outside.”
	“You wanna split the cost at someplace better?” 
	He nodded. “That would suit me fine.”
	Before we acted on that, a grimy fellow, dressed in rough dirt-incrusted work clothes and muddy boots, approached us. “Howdy, there. Are you pilgrims looking for work?” he asked. “I be offering ten bucks a day in greenbacks…that’s two bucks more than most of ‘em around here are payin’.”
	We stopped. We were caught off guard by his offer.
	“Well, we just got into town,” I answered. “We really haven’t got our bearings yet, but…”
	“What’s your name?” Porter interrupted.
	“Why, I’m Barnabas Bork, sir…here, let me shake your hand.” 
	We both shook his callused hand and introduced ourselves. “We’re not job hunting, yet,” Porter told him. “We’re lookin’ to buy a claim. Maybe partner in one.”
	“Why then you’ve met the right man.” Bork’s round face lit up, and he talked fast. “I’m ready to sell half of my diggin’s. Dirt cheap, too. I was pannin’ around $150 a day for a while, but it’s taking a lot more work now. Not so easy. Not so easy, anymore. Wearin’ me out, it is…bad back and all.”
	“How much you askin’ for half?” I asked.
	“Fair price…fair price. Just ask anybody at the Buckin’ Lady. They’ll tell you that ol’ Barney will treat you fair.” He coughed and looked a little shifty-eyed. “Treat you fair, I will. Five hundred bucks…that’s all I’m askin’.”

	Porter and I exchanged satisfied glances. He fished his tobacco out  of a vest pocket and took his time rolling a cigarette. After he let Bork stew a bit, he turned to me. “What do you think, Frank?”
	 “Hmm…I dunno, as I recall, we were thinking of, ah…about three hundred as a limit.”
	Bork took his sweat-stained bowler hat off and ran his fingers through a monkish ring of matted hair around a baldpate. He looked right and left as though expecting someone else to run up and decide for him.
	Finally, he said, “Well, my friends, you won’t find that kind of bargain around here…no, siree!” He hitched up his bib overalls and studied the dirt at his feet. “Do ya think you could go…ah, four hundred…would you…I mean like, split the difference?”
	“I reckon we could, ” Porter said. “But here’s the thing…Partner…we’ll have to have a look at your claim first.”

Chapter Nine
Alder Gulch

	We followed Barney and his mule, Sonovabitch, north on a well-beaten road. It ran along Alder Creek, passing through a couple of mining camps. Hundreds of hopeful prospectors were living in brush wikiups and dugouts under overhanging rocks. Alder Creek was a mangled stream of muddy water, flowing through torn up banks and mounds of gravel. If it had once been an idyllic rippling brook, the miners had destroyed that. There were a few cabins and some businesses, mostly saloons and brothels, set up in tents. It was mid-afternoon when we got to Barney’s claim. 
	“The claim’s a hundred feet on the creek side, and it goes back a hundred feet into the hill,” he said, with a grand gesture at the raw earth of the jagged bank.
	“Looks like you’ve been digging here for quite a while,” I said. “Are you sure there’s any gold at all left here?”
 	Porter didn’t seem interested in Barney’s answer. Instead he turned to me. “Frank, let Barney show you the works. Maybe you’ll learn something about mining.” He walked off toward a couple of guys working a sluice on the downstream claim.
	Barney showed a little flash of panic at Porter’s lack of interest. Then he gave his attention to me with a lengthy assurance of the claim’s viability. He showed me his sluice box but didn’t explain how it worked. We went up the hill to where he had a shelter, a canvas covered frame with a sod roof, set against the hillside.
	“We can expand this some. You know…so you fellas have some sleeping room,” he said.
	My nose was twitching at the smell of his shitter. It was nearby—a hole in the ground with a pole over two rocks for a seat. “Jesus…why don’t you throw some dirt in there?” I growled.
	Barney grabbed a shovel. “Oh, yeah...yeah.” He hustled over and took my advice. “Kinda get busy at times, ya know.” He glanced anxiously over at Porter who was conversing with the two neighbors. 
	Pretty soon Porter came scrambling back over the gravel piles. He gave me a knowing nod. “We’ll head back and let you know tomorrow,” he said to Barney.  
	Once we crossed the creek and were on the road to Virginia City, I asked Porter, “What did you find out from those other guys?”
	“Nothin’ good. But nothin’ bad, either.”
	“Yeah, well, what’s that supposed to mean?”
	“They just said he did okay there for a while. Blew it gambling. Then he hurt his back and didn’t seem too able to work it much. They said there was probably some color left, but it would take plenty of hard work, since he’s already sluiced the easy stuff.”
	After dinner at the Star, we asked about a rooming house, and the waitress recommended Ploefer’s. We found it on a side street, a big two-story clapboard building with a coat of dull green paint. There was a small lean-to stable on one side. It was a workaday house that would never be corralled by a white picket fence. The broad veranda across the front had some wicker chairs occupied by two men wreathed in pipe smoke.
	We were about to knock when the door opened. “Hello…looking for a room?”
	The beauty before us took me aback. I couldn’t free my tongue. Porter, however, smiled, doffed his hat, and answered, “Yes, ma’am, we are…looking for a room.”
	She smiled and flicked her eyelashes at me. Wow, that did it for me. I felt the chill of love trickle down the back of my neck. She had those cute little lines on each side of a sweet mouth full of white teeth. The faint aroma of some kind of flower floated in her aura.
	Porter negotiated the terms, and she led us to a room on the second floor. I was in some kind of befuddled, amorous alternate world. I didn’t come back to my senses until Porter stopped chatting and closed our door.
	“My God, she’s some kind of extra pretty,” I said.
	“She is that.”
	“I suppose she’s married.”
	“Yep, Mrs. Ploefer,” he confirmed. “You didn’t hear that missus part?”
	“Uh…no. I was distracted.” I also had a flash of guilt about Marie. 
	“She said the bathtub is in the right-hand room at the end of the hall. The other door is to the privy.”
	“You mean we got second-story indoor plumbing like back east?”
	Porter snorted, “I doubt it. Probably a poop chute to a hole in the ground.”

Chapter Ten
Getting Rich

	In spite of our time together, Porter was still at arm’s length as a companion. He seldom initiated a conversation. At the claim, he worked hard. He swore at the heat or the hard dirt or the dull shovel like we all did. I found it odd that he never mentioned any part of his previous life. I figured he was running away from something—maybe a stagecoach holdup.
	We took turns at the backbreaking work, digging into the creek bank and filling the wheelbarrow. We’d trundle it down to the sluice box and spade up a half shovelful at a time  onto the screen. Meanwhile, Barney, squatting at the water’s edge, pawed through it with his big calloused fingers, while the flow of the creek washed away the dirt. When all that remained was sand and small pebbles, he dumped it in a pan and sloshed it about with a swirling motion to expose any color lurking in the sand. Sometimes gold dust would reward our efforts.  On a lucky day, we’d see some of the larger flakes called scads.
	 Barney wasn’t much help with the heavy work; we knew that would be the case when we bought half the claim. Overall, we were satisfied with our investment. Porter and I fell into a routine of working the dig for four or five days, then riding into town for a good meal at the Star and a bath at Mrs. Ploefer’s. I noticed a star-shaped scar on his left shoulder, the kind left by a bullet wound, but I thought better than to ask about it. 
	We would usually end up at the Bucking Lady. I kinda liked talking to Annalee. She was a good listener—a helluva lot better than Porter, who never answered, and Barney, who talked all the time. I had a hard time dealing with her perfume that smelled like sweet horse liniment. I hadn’t decided whether I wanted to go upstairs with her. But I was getting close. Thoughts of Marie kept getting in the way. I should leave; go back for her. I kept putting it off, caught up in gold fever
	Annalee and I were teasing each other about the big time we would have upstairs if it ever happened, when the bartender leaned across and motioned us closer. “That big swede…that just came in…” he glanced toward the door. “He’s trouble. Steer clear of him.” He nodded wisely and went back to another customer.
	I figured it was good advice and went back to trading sweet talk with Annalee.  From where we stood at the end of the bar, her back was to the troublemaker. I could see he was already drunk. He gulped down a straight shot, then overflowed his shot glass pouring another. Then he spotted Annalee. He studied her rear for a minute, then walked unsteadily toward us. He came up and grabbed a handful of her ass. That was a bad idea. She whirled around and smacked him hard on the temple with her beer mug. 
	He stumbled back and leered at her. Beer was running down, foaming off his face. “I was gonna give you some sweet lovin’, Little Darlin’, but you just spoiled that 'fectionizin' plan. Now I’m gonna take you upstairs and show you some real rootin’ tootin’ hill country lovin'. I'm gonna show you some good ol' back-door buckin’ bronc style pleasurin'  like you never had before.”
	Annalee gave him a scornful look. “Get out of here, Asshole. You’re drunk! I’m with this gentleman.”
	“Him?” He looked at me like I had just appeared. “Shit. He’s nothin’.” He put his hand on a big Colt hanging from his hip.
	Porter brushed past me. “Hold on there, mister. Get your hand off that pistol. My friend's not here for gunplay.”
	Time stood still while I analyzed the “my friend” thing. I was Porter’s friend? What the hell? He had never asked me about my past, or my childhood, or where I grew up. He didn’t know if I was married or had a girl. But he said “my friend.” That was unexpected. Where did that come from? I had always assumed I was just some kind of utility sidekick.
	The drunk wanted trouble and he found it. He focused his attention on Porter. “Yeah, but how about you?” he slurred as he jerked at his pistol. Before it was out of his holster, Porter shot. HIs bullet shattered the ivory grip and blew his hand right off of it. The drunk didn’t seem to realize his hand was bleeding. He reeled around, unsure of what happened. Then he started to reach for his gun again.
	“The next target is your balls,” Porter said, his voice icy calm. “Then your kneecaps and other pieces until you decide to get out of here and quit bothering people.” 
	The drunk suddenly realized he was in pain. He yowled and shook his injured hand, sending droplets of blood across the floor. He gave Porter a pop-eyed look as he stumbled his way to the door. 
	Me, I was kind of frozen by the “my friend” revelation. If Porter turns out to be who I think he is, will I end up arresting a friend? This Pinkerton stuff is making my head hurt.

	The weather shut down our gold digging efforts in mid-December. I had saved a pretty good poke. It was time to go get Marie, but the snow hit, closing roads and passes before I got away. It snowed for days, making travel impossible. A few packers from Salt Lake City made it through with horror stories of the struggle through drifts they had encountered. The weather kept me in Virginia City for the next couple months wasting my hard-earned money on drinking, gambling, and supporting the ladies of the night. 
	We checked the claim in mid-March and found all the ice was gone, so it was back to work. I got a letter off to Marie, explaining the situation. I assured her that I missed her and still loved her. I asked her to be patient and wait for me. I told her our claim was still producing and I was saving my money so we could get married and settle down.
	Later that night, I watched Porter in a poker game. It was a quiet, friendly game; four miners trying to outguess, outwit, and out-bluff each other, accompanied by the usual cross-table dialogue. The player across from Porter watched another player scoop up the last of his poke. He sighed and pulled a broach from his pocket.
	“That oughta be worth at least ten bucks,” he said, throwing it onto the table.
	Porter instantly pulled his gun and stretched across the table to grab the man by his shirtfront. He jerked him out of his seat and shoved the gun in his face. “Where did you get that?”
	The miner, caught off guard, was gulping and stuttering.
	Porter shoved the barrel of the gun against his nose. “I asked you, where did you get that broach?”
	The other two players quickly pocketed their winnings and got away from the table. The man in Porter’s grasp raised both hands above his head and stared wide-eyed and slightly cross-eyed at the pistol against his nose. “Jesus Christ, mister…what the hell’s wrong with you? It’s just a broach that…”
	Porter cut him off with a snarl. “Where?” 
	“Okay, okay…I’m trying to tell you.” His hands were shaking. “I won it…ah, off a guy in Spanish Fork…let me go!”
	Porter calmed down and holstered his gun. “Okay, friend. Just tell me about this guy. What did he look like?”
	“Half-breed, nothing unusual, but one of his friends had a pock-marked face.”
	Porter let him go. “This was in Spanish Fork, you said. Do you mean Deer Lodge?”
	The gambler stepped back, anxious to put some space between himself and this man with the deadly eyes. “It was a little trading post north of Spanish Fork. I think they changed the name to Deer Lodge. Anyway, the store is north in the Gold Creek area.
	This was a new complication. Porter and I were apparently hunting the same quarry. But was it for different reasons?
	Porter bought the guy a drink and paid him for the broach. He tried to get more information, but there wasn’t much more to it, other than a description of the proprietor’s sexy wife. I was pretty sure he was talking about Pierre’s, and Marie occupied my thoughts for the rest of the evening. I hoped things had turned out okay for her. I guess I missed her, even though I tried not to. I couldn't keep her out of my mind. If it hadn't been for the success we were having at the claim, I would have gone back for her. I knew I was truly in love with her, but the love of gold is a strong contender when it comes easily through nature's bounty. When the claim quit producing, I promised myself that I would go back to her. With the nest egg I was accumulating we could make a life together. 
	I never mentioned my feelings for Marie to Porter. There were times at the Bucking Lady when Porter didn’t seem to want my company. He’d take a bottle over to a wall table and sit alone, fingering the broach while brooding over several glasses of whisky. When I tried to question the significance of the broach, which I assumed related to some romance, he cut me short. I sensed he was trying to drown some inner torment and needed his solitude. I had my own secrets, but there were no demons I had to flush out with booze.


Chapter Eleven
Dangerous Romance
	
	A lot of Rebs and Yanks came west to escape the military draft. I had no clue as to which side Porter favored. When he was around womenfolk, he behaved like a Southern gentleman, but he had no trace of a drawl. Mrs. Ploefer seemed to go for his gallant act. She was getting pretty friendly, I noticed. She had started placing her hand on his arm when she talked to him. She was obviously flirting. 
	I wondered if anything serious was going on; the attraction seemed to be turning mutual. Porter had started calling her Beth. One day we came in from the claim early. We’d had a great morning finding some scads but got rained out, so we decided to take the rest of the day off. Porter asked Mrs. Ploefer for some hot water for the tub, then he went to the bathroom. A little later, as I sat in the privy listening to the rain pelting the roof, I heard some giggling and gasping from the bathroom, which was next door. When Porter came back to our room, he had a Chessy cat grin hiding under his mustache. 
	“You’re living dangerously,” I told him.
	His grin disappeared, and he jerked his head around. The grayish light coming through the rain-spattered windows made his eyes even colder than usual. “It’s none of your goddam business how I live.”
	“Just a warning. I hear her husband is on the Vigilance Committee.”
	“Yeah…well…,” he softened. “I’ll keep that in mind.” 
	I decided he was right. It was none of my business. I gave up on trying to understand Porter. The person who hid behind those chilling eyes was as much a mystery to me as when we first met. He was armored against something or somebody—family, lover, handicap, phobia? I would probably never find out. When he did give you one of those crinkly smiles, barely visible through the drooping black mustache, you felt rewarded for some reason.
	My thoughts were often on Marie. I couldn’t seem to seal off those sentiments. I dreamt of her at night, and she often occupied my mind while I was working the claim. I hoped things had turned out well for her at Pierre’s. I checked at the Post Office every other day in case she answered my letter.

 	We were experiencing a pleasant, early spring. The town buzzed with talk of the big fight. Garish posters, placed on storefronts for days in advance, hyped the event. Beth’s husband, who owned the rooming house, was the promoter. We hadn’t met him, but we knew he also owned a saloon called The Pugilist Pub, where he trained young boxers. Today’s match was a big deal. The winner would receive $15,000. Some Irishman named Riley from California challenged a famous English fighter, Tom Ford, who was trained by Sailor Jack.
	Porter had gone to the Chinese barbershop. He had started being particular about his appearance; he had a shave every time we came in from the dig. I stopped in to see if he wanted to go to the fight. When I entered, the bald-headed Chinaman had trimmed his mustache, combed his black hair back, and was parting it in the middle. The Chinaman greeted me with a big smile that wrinkled up the rest of his face. “You maybe likee nice haircut, okay?” He was waving his cover cloth and comb.
	I gave him a smile, “Not this time.” Then to Porter, “I’m gonna go to the boxing match this afternoon. You interested?” 
	He studied his reflection in a mirror for a moment before answering. “Nah…I’ve got other plans.”
	 “Okay, I’ll see you later on,” I said, and left.
	The match was scheduled for three in the afternoon. The streets were crowded with buggies, and buckboards, competing with people walking and riding. I joined the mob heading out of town toward the hillside arena. A wagon train, recently in, was parked along the storefronts, narrowing the street. The sheriff had his hands full, untangling rigs and keeping the throng moving. It was a clear, sunny day with a chill in the breeze. The site was among the low hills near the city, a natural amphitheater with plenty of hillside seating. It was fenced all around with a single wire as a cordon to the honest rather than a barrier to no-pays. 
	When I paid to get through the gate, the seller pointed at my gun. “You’ll have to leave it here. No firearms allowed.” 
	I gave it up, and he tagged it. There were two big tables piled with tagged weapons. I found a grassy spot and was immediately drawn into the good spirits and betting that prevailed around me. The ring was centered in the area and leveled with fine gravel. The height of the ropes raised an objection from one handler, so the referee had them lowered. I asked the guy next to me if the referee was Ploefer, and he said it was. The fight went 28 rounds before Ford was declared the winner. 
	When I got back to our room, the door was locked, but I could hear some movement inside. I rattled the knob and felt above the doorframe for the skeleton key we kept there.  Before I got it in the keyhole, the door opened a slit; Porter peered out. 
	“Why don’t you go over to the Bucking Lady and buy Annalee a drink?” he suggested, then closed the door. 
	That did not make me happy—not happy at all. I guess I was disappointed because my assessment of Porter had put him on some higher moral plane—some noble type of criminal. I felt let down. I figured they were probably even using my bed. Well, to hell with it; I decided I would go to the Bucking Lady.
	I barely made it to the bar before a couple of gamblers got into it with bullets; they were lousy shots. Most of the damage was to the back bar mirror. The sheriff walked in with a shotgun and ran both of them to the hoosegow. War over. We all crawled out from under the tables and into the powder smoke. The bartender set up drinks on the house. The skinny old guy on the piano struck up a tinny rendition of Pony Girls. Then an excited clamor followed; every miner, buckaroo, and whore had to retell his or her heroic part in the affair.
	 I was getting a little foggy-headed when Annalee decided to leave the table where she seemed to be enjoying the pawing of some old coot. She kissed him on his baldhead and sidled over to me.
	“Y’all gonna give me a tumble tonight, Sweetie?”
	“I’m giving it some heavy, heavy consideration,” I told her in my best heavy, thoughtful voice.
	“Well, c’mon, why don’tcha lighten up and have some fun.  I don’t bite,” she giggled and elbowed me, “or maybe I will.” She shoved against me, and her hand slid down toward my torrid zone.
	“Damn, Annalee, you surely have the most beguiling feminine wiles.” I laughed and gave her a little peck. I liked to tease her and act like I was ready to be a customer.
	She was tugging at my arm. “Come on, Frankie…you can bring your drink.”
	“Yeah, well…maybe later.”
	“What am I gonna hafta do to get you upstairs for a mattress dance? Are you expecting a freebie?”
	“I wouldn’t think of it…maybe a discount would be nice.”
	She elbowed me, “Come on. Enough palavering.”
	I gave in and followed her up the stairs. Her room was about what I expected. I wondered if whores could even work in a room that didn’t have velvety-flocked wallpaper and satin sheets. 
	She gave me my money’s worth. She called it her “Around the World” special. When it was over I couldn't get out of there fast enough. I couldn’t help thinking of Marie, before, during and after. What an inconsiderate time for her to intrude. I got dressed and went down to the bar. I ordered a double shot and chugged it down. I saw my image in what was left of the bar mirror; I didn't like what I saw. Why was I feeling so guilty? Ah, to hell with it. I wasn't about to analyze my feelings. I threw my money down on the bar and left.

	The following week we worked hard every day until dark with very little gold for our efforts. On Thursday, the weather clouded up and we soon had a heavy downpour. The exposed soil on the creek banks turned to mud and soon Alder Creek was flowing chocolate brown. We huddled under the sodden canvas of Barney’s shelter until evening. The rain stopped and the clouds to the West started to lift. We were treated to a spectacular gold and red sunset tinting the bottoms of the towering grey piles of cumulus. 
	We seldom spoke, and apparently my reticence got to Barney. He was used to getting a reaction from his chatter from me, even though he never expected it from Porter. On Friday, he took a long disgusted look at the colorless sand in his gold pan. He threw the pan into the creek and spit after it. “I’m as tired as a whore on nickel night! This here endeavor is a waste of time. I mean it!”  He pulled off his dirty bowler, stared at it, and then slapped it a couple times like it was to blame. He put it back on his head. “It’s all played out, boys. You can’t squeeze cider out of a turnip, as my old mama used to say. Anyone with a lick of sense would throw it over, and by damn, that is what I intend to do this very day.” We were caught off guard by his outburst. “I’m headin’ for richer diggin’s. Last Chance Gulch is the place…or maybe I’ll just get me a nice, fat, old grass widder lady to do the vittles and rub my back. Yes, sir, I’m leavin’…it’s all yours, boys.”
	He gathered up his belongings, packed them on Sonovabitch, the mule, then shook hands and left us, heading north.
	“What about your share?” I called after him.
	“Like I said, it’s all yours!”	
  	We became sole owners of a useless mining claim. We went back to Virginia City for the weekend. After a wordless reconciliation, we decided to celebrate this windfall of nothing by making a small donation to our favorite charity, the Bucking Lady Saloon.
	I was at the end of the bar talking to Annalee, and Porter was next to me.  Across the room the piano player was joined by a prim looking fellow carrying a fiddle. He picked at his strings, tuning them to the piano and each other. The piano man gave the bartender a hand signal to bring the fiddler a drink. I was anticipating the music to come. Porter was leaning casually against the bar, watching the progress of a poker game.  He stiffened up like a bloodhound on a scent when a guy walked in that he recognized. The man wasn’t dressed like a miner or prospector. He stood just inside the door for a minute with his hands resting on his holstered guns. 
	 He fit the description of one of the men I was after. The pockmarked face and dirty blond hair hanging under his hat matched the sketch on my wanted posters. A little jolt of fear unsettled me. How should I handle this? I should, at the very least, question him, I thought. I stalled, summoning courage.
	As he walked across the room to the bar, he looked left and right. It was more like a defensive scan of the room than one of curiosity. Then he saw Porter. They both went for their guns. Porter jerked me aside even as he drew his revolver. 
	Two shots in rapid succession threw the room into a frenzy. Folks were ducking, crawling, diving, and heading for the door. A stray bullet hit the fiddler's violin and it exploded into splinters. The fiddler dove beneath a table, followed by the piano player. As the exchange of lead continued, I was frozen, trying to get my responses organized. Porter wasn’t hit, but the other guy had a lot of blood running down the side of his face. He got off one more shot. It came closer to me than Porter. It blew a shower of wood chips out of the post supporting the stairway. Porter coolly put two more slugs into him. The blond dropped his gun and slumped to the floor, groaning over his wounds. His arm swiped a swath of blood along the boards as he struggled to reach his weapon. Porter was about to plug him again, but I finally shook off my stupor. I laid my hand on his arm and stopped him. He looked at me like I had lost my mind.
	“There may be a reward,” I said. “I think he’s Curly Dixon, one of the outlaws that robbed the Overland Stage.”
	The bar had gone eerily silent. I felt concern for Annalee. but she was okay. She had wood chips in her hair and she was pale, her eyes fixed on the spreading blood. 	It was time to reveal my true identity.
	“I’ll take it from here,” I announced. “Pinkerton.” I pulled my revolver and waved my badge. I walked over, pinned the robber’s gun hand to the floor with my boot, and showed him the badge. “You are under arrest for the robbery of the Overland Stage and the killing of a passenger.” 
	I turned to Porter who was still holding his smoking gun. In all the time I had known him, it was the first time he showed any outward emotion. He was looking at me, open mouthed, with raised eyebrows.  I figured he was uncertain whether I was his ally or his enemy. I said, “Put the gun away, Porter. Just help me haul this murderin’ bastard over to the jail.”
	Now Porter knew I was a Pinkerton agent, and I suspected that he was one of the men I was charged to find and arrest.  As we dragged the wounded man down the street to the sheriff’s office, I didn’t ask Porter about his part in the gunfight. I told him, “You knew that guy. He was lookin’ for you.”
	“Wrong. I’ve been looking for him.”
	“Why…for the reward?”
	Porter clammed up, but I kept my eyes on him, waiting. We were at the steps to the sheriff’s office before he answered, “I’ve got personal reasons.”
	The sheriff stepped out of his open door to greet us as we reached his office. He blew smoke out from one side of his cigar, then he took it from his mouth. "Jesus H. Mahogany Christ...not another one!" He flicked off a bit of tobacco that was caught on his lip. "I can't get fifteen minutes of goddam peace until some yay-hoo tries to kill somebody. I've only got one open cell left." He scowled and his heavy black eyebrows came together over his bulbous nose. "Anymore business today and I'll be handcuffing them to the bars outside the cells."
	I showed the sheriff my Pinkerton badge and told him what had happened. We put the prisoner in a cell. He had lost a lot of blood and didn't look like he was long for this world. I asked the sheriff and Porter to leave while I questioned him alone. 
	I sat on the edge of his bunk. “I know you rode with Wahoo Wilson when you held up the Overland Stage. But who was the other masked man?” He struggled to say something. I persisted, “What was his name?” He made another effort, then blood came frothing out of his mouth. He coughed up more blood, then the life and intelligence flowed out of his eyes. The rascal died on me. His last farewell was a slow bubbling fart from his corpse.
	I walked back to the office and advised the sheriff to get the undertaker. I assured him that Allan Pinkerton would reimburse him for his time and trouble. He shook his head and snorted in disgust, "Yer goddam right he will."
	We left. Porter walked off, heading for the saloon. I stood alone for a moment on the board sidewalk. I took a deep breath. Okay...one down, two to go. My brain was like a snake pit with many questions writhing, raveling, and conflicting.
	“Damn you, Porter!” I said to myself, venting my frustration. He had me straddling the fence between duty and ethics. Was he my friend or my quarry? If he was one of the stage robbers, why was he so quick to kill Curly Dixon? Maybe they screwed him out of his share of the money. I turned away and walked over to the post office; it was the connection to the telegraph terminal in Salt Lake City. 

Chapter Twelve
Time to Flee

	Every time we got discouraged with the claim, it would surprise us with another little trove of dust or scads. Usually that called for a little celebrating. I was in the Bucking Lady trying to get rich at the Faro table when Porter came in and hustled me away. He grabbed my arm and led me out the door and around the corner of the building. He was jittery—not the cool, collected man that was familiar. He took off his hat and ran his fingers through his hair, not making eye contact. I knew what was going on; before he could speak, I said, “You got caught screwing Beth by her husband, didn’t you?” .
	“No, no…ah, shit…worse than that.”
	He placed his hands on my shoulders and looked at me straight on. “It’s kinda hard to explain.” He paused searching for words. “Beth…she sorta fell for me. I just thought…well, I figured we were just…you know…I didn’t take it as serious.”
	“So what now? She wants to run away with you or something?”
	“No, no…she told me her old man was getting suspicious, so she planted your striped shirt in their bedroom where he would find it.”
	“Why in hell would she do…oh, yeah…that’s a stupid question. So, now he’s gunning for me…me instead of you?”
	“He’s over at his saloon, gathering some friends. They intend to tar and feather you…run you out of town.”
	“So she used me to save your ass…nice lady.” I snarled at him, “For Christ’s sake, Porter. What the hell am I supposed to do now?” I jerked away and walked off, all tight-jawed and angry. I went into the next saloon down the street and sat in the corner nursing a beer. Damn that scheming bitch. Should I try to straighten the mess out? Tell Ploefer that Porter was screwing his wife? I mulled that over until my mug was empty, then decided that the best plan was to just get the hell out of Virginia City.
	When I got back to the rooming house, Porter was by the little lean-to stable, saddling my horse. 
	“What are you up to?” I growled.
	“You gotta leave. You can’t stay here.” 
	“You bet I’ve got to leave,” I said, “you’ve fixed that for me.”	
	He threw the saddle on my mare; she puffed up, snorted, and acted like he had no right to saddle her. He kneed her in the belly, and tightened the latigo strap. That horse and he were not on friendly terms.  “I packed up your stuff. It’s all here in your saddle bags.”  He started to say something about a reward, then stopped.
	“Allan Pinkerton will get the reward money,” I said. “I get wages…which are overdue.”
	He pulled a bag of dust from his vest. “Okay…okay…take this,” he offered.
	“Nah…I got enough to get me by somewhere else, maybe Bannack...Grasshopper Creek.” 
	Once the claim quit producing, my poke had slowly been diminished by booze andfaro. I would have to revise my plan for the future with Marie.
	He tucked the gold back in his vest and shook my hand. “Maybe I’ll see you there…later,” he said softly.
	 We stared at each other for long minute, then I hit the road to Bannack City.
	Life doesn’t always deal a winning hand.

Chapter Thirteen
Bannack

	Even though I was pushing my horse and myself, it still took two days to ride into Bannack. I had to circle around to avoid a band of Shoshone. I left the main road and took a trail that took me through a narrow canyon. The jagged rocks on either side made a layer cake in rusty shades of brown and flinty shades of gray and blue. It began to rain, soon turning to thunder and lightning. I was glad I was in the gulch and not exposed on the road. I found a sheltered overhang before dark and camped there for the night.
	I arrived at the territorial capital around mid-day. Bannack was growing, but not as fast as Virginia City. The Vigilantes had cleaned up its lawlessness and given it some civil dignity. A wooden sign, nailed to a fence post at the edge of town, boasted “POP: 5,000”. I got a room at the Golden Hotel, then stopped at Minnie’s Restaurant for steak and potatoes. 
	Once I had a cup of coffee and got relaxed, I gave some serious thought to my situation. I was still in the employ of Allan Pinkerton. I should head north, pick up Marie, and follow up on that Gold Creek clue.  It was likely that the other two robbers were known there. 
	Given the exorbitant cost of just sleeping warm and eating, I decided to make a few bucks before leaving.
	As I paid the waiter, I casually mentioned I was looking for work. He wiped his hands on his apron before accepting my money.
	“You might inquire over at Skinner’s Saloon,” he said. He spent a few moments tallying up his change. As an afterthought, he added, “They hung Skinner up north ya know. Vigilantes. But it’s under new management…the saloon, that is.”
	“Thanks…I’ll be staying at the Golden Hotel…ah, if you’d be so kind as to mention my name…Frank Fergus. You know…if somebody needs some sluicing help. I’m not afraid of work.”
	I took his advice and led my horse down the dirt street. It was bordered by new plank sidewalks serving a couple blocks of substantial frame and brick business buildings. Before going to Skinner’s, I stopped at the bank and changed some dust into greenbacks. 
	Skinner’s was a low log affair with a false front. Multi-paned windows flanked double doors. I walked into the usual stink of smoke and stale beer. An ornate bar of varnished mahogany, obviously imported from back East, lent a little class to the room. It was a proud token of civilization, trapped in a rough, frontier bar with a slab floor.
	 Three men were playing Faro at the back of the room. A middle-aged woman was tending bar. She was buxom and jolly, trading insults with two younger men at the bar and holding her own. They couldn’t take their eyes off her bouncing bosom. 
	I interrupted the show by walking up to the bar.
	“What’s it going to be, handsome?” she asked.
	“Rye.”
	She brought the bottle and almost overflowed the little glass. “That'll be two bits.”
	I gave her the quarter. “Do you know of anyone who’s looking to hire sluicing help?”
	She gave me a sarcastic smile. “Oh, yeah. I run a regular employment agency here. It’ll cost you another drink and one for me.”
	I donated two more quarters.
	She poured, tossed it down, and then pointed to the back wall. “There’s a blackboard back there. You can leave your name.”
	I slugged down my drinks and walked away.
	“Hey,” she called. “If you don’t see something that gilds your lily…I’m looking for a swamper.” I turned to acknowledge her, and she gave me an exaggerated wink. I figured that meant her swamper job came with added benefits.
	I chalked my own notice on the blackboard, and the next day I had a job at Gordon’s Livery Stable. It wasn’t sluicing gold, but it paid okay, and it came with a small room at the stable with a cot and a sheet iron heater. The owner had another hardware business and was never there. Pitching hay and currying horses was easy work compared to placer mining. I didn’t find dealing with manure to be too thrilling, however.
	The stable was next to a barbershop. I made friends chatting with customers who sat out front, waiting their turn in the chair. In the evenings I usually spent some time at Skinner’s. I liked trading quips with Idaho Elsie, the matronly barkeep. She was a sharp wit, always quick with her humor.
	After a few days, a customer rode up to the stable and asked me to take care of his horse. He brought news of another Vigilante hanging in Virginia City, but he didn’t have a name for the culprit. That spread quickly and gave the barbershop group a subject for conjecture. I hoped it wasn’t Porter, even if he was the third robber. Once some fellow saves your life, you tend to cut him a lot of slack. Of course, if it was Porter, it would solve my dilemma. I had to suppress that troubling solution.  I would just have to keep track of him and wait; let fate, fortune, destiny, or whatever play itself out. 
	After I closed the stable that evening, I went to Skinner’s. 
	Elsie greeted me. “Hey there, handsome. Your usual?”
	“Sure.” I slapped down a quarter.
	She leaned forward like she was giving away a secret. “Hear about the lynching?” 
	“Yeah, they were talking about it over at the barbershop. Have you heard who it was?”
	“Just some claim-jumper, someone said.” She poured the rye.
	“Well, we never run out of outlaws around here, do we?” I joked.
	“Oh, it was a lot worse when Skinner had this joint, but the Vigilantes strung him up in Hellgate.”
	Some fellow was clinking a coin down the bar. “I’m coming,” she called. “Don’t get your johnnie in a knot.” 
	The next morning, as I was heading back to the stable from breakfast at Minnie’s, a sudden spate of pounding rain soaked me. It fell off and on all day. The main street of Bannock turned to mud. There was not much activity along the street. Next door, the barber stood in his doorway, stropping his razor and cursing the weather for ruining his business. After looking after the few horses in my care, I was idle most of the day and sat in the shelter of the entrance. The smell of horse sweat on my right competed with the aroma of perfumed barber water on my left. I was whittling a piece of wood and planning my trip north once the rain stopped. When it was time to close up, I was disappointed to see business coming down the street. Some fellow was leading his horse into town. The horse was favoring one front leg; I knew it had thrown a shoe. He was almost to the entrance before I realized it was Porter. His face was almost obscured by his drooping hat, sodden with rain.
	“Well, Porter…good to see you. Nice weather for a ride, huh?”
	He snorted. “Maybe…if I’d a been riding.”
	“Bring her on in and dry off.”
	He led the mare into a stall and took off the saddle. We rubbed her down with straw and threw a blanket on her. “Damn mud just sucked the shoe off,” he said, “but I mucked around and found it.” He pulled it out of a saddlebag and handed it to me.
	“Good. I can put it back on.”
	“Oh,” he gave me a quick look, “then you work here?”
	“Yep. Today, I pretty much just sat on my ass and watched the rain. Come on in here,” I motioned toward my sleeping room. “I got some coffee on.”
	We sat on my cot in silence for a while. Porter finally spoke, “They painted 3-7-77 on my door,” he said.
	“So…”
	“It’s the Vigilantes way of saying, ‘Get out of town or hang.’ I think Ploefer put them up to it.”
	I shook my head, “Jeez, Porter…you couldn’t stay out of the sugar bowl, could you?”
	“Ah, she was getting serious. Talking about running off together.” He sniffed, twitching his mustache. “I had to get away from her anyway.”
	“The Vigilantes…that’s pretty serious business. Will they come after you…just for screwing Ploefer's missus, ya think?”
	Porter just shrugged, but I persisted. “What if they do?”
	He looked at me with a sleepy expression, like I was bothering him. “Ploefer probably invented a reason...some crime or other. They won’t be riding for a day or two…not until the road dries up.”
	Later, we slogged our way to Skinner’s where a few belts of whisky helped us ignore the mud on our boots. When our intellects were sufficiently oiled for action, we formulated a plan to foil the Vigilantes and insure Porter’s future.


Chapter Fourteen
Play Acting

	“Okay! Stop! If you assholes wanna kill each other, do it outside!” Idaho Elsie pulled a sawed-off shotgun from beneath the bar. “I’ll have none of that bullshit in here!” She bellowed it out like a riled up mother scolding small boys. 
	Our charade was working. We played poker and faked a cheating dialogue in the saloon. We pulled our guns, kicked the table over, and threatened each other. I knew Idaho Elsie wouldn’t stand for that. 
	“Outside! Now!” She waved the menacing double barrel toward the door.
	The street was dry and dusty again from a day and a half of hot sun. We stood in front of it, about thirty feet apart, and yelled insults at each other. Word of the upcoming gunfight spread fast and people started coming out to watch. I saw my boss standing in the open doors of the stable and called to him.
	"Hey, bring the dray out here. I'll need it to haul this bastard's corpse to Boot Hill."
	We continued with more insults and bravado until the dray pulled up in a cloud of dust. We built the suspense, keeping the growing crowd in anticipation. The chance to see someone get killed was a drawing card since Christians were fed to the lions. 
	Then we drew our guns and fired our blanks. As far as we could tell, the charade was a success. Porter Starrit was killed right there on Main Street and subsequently planted under six feet of soil in a pine box.
	In the twilight I took the dray back to the stable. I didn’t want to raise suspicions by leaving town without a reason, so I went over to Skinner’s.  Idaho Elsie bellowed out a greeting as I came in the door. “Hey, Gunslinger! Drinks are on me!” 
	All eyes turned my way.
	“Don’t call me Gunslinger,” I said. “Just call me ‘Lucky’. I don’t want to have to face another deal like that.” I grabbed the shot Elsie put in front of me and downed it in one gulp. “In fact, I’m getting out of town before some young buck decides he can outdraw me.” I tipped my hat back and gave Elsie a serious nod. “And he probably could.”
	“Ah, don’t sell yourself short, Frank.” She gave me a derisive snort and refilled my glass. “You handled that cheating son-of-a-bitch pretty good.”
	“Anyway, it’s been nice knowing all you folks,” I made a sweep of the saloon with my glass before downing it. “I’m headin’ back to the Gulch,” I lied.
	Back at the stable, I left a little note to the owner. I had some wages coming, so I wrote that I quit and he could leave my money in care of General Delivery at the Post Office. Then I saddled both our horses and left to meet Porter. He was waiting in some bushes at the foot of Boot Hill.
	It was a fine night for the ride north. The air was warm, the moon was bright, and we loped along, letting the horses find their best footing on the rutted wagon road. Porter didn’t have much to say. He did seem interested in my limited knowledge of the constellations. We took it easy on our mounts the next day, camped that night, and rode into Deer Lodge early in the morning of the following day.
	The town had gone through a naming marathon: Spanish Fork to Idaho City to Cottonwood and now Deer Lodge. Johnny Grant ran a lot of cattle in the valley and had persuaded a lot of Metis to join him there. His impressive big house dwarfed the other dwellings of the town. We stopped at a saloon and asked the bartender about a place to stay. There was no hotel, but we were told there was a place a day’s ride north in Gold Creek country that doubled as a store and hotel.
	“You talking about Pierre’s?” I asked.
	“That’s right. You been there?”
	“Stopped there once,” I answered.
	The bartender grinned. “I hear that that Missus Pierre is a whole lot of woman.”
	“I wouldn’t argue that.”
Chapter Fifteen
An Early Grave

	We walked into Pierre’s as the sun was going down. Yvette had her lustrous, black hair tied up in a bun, but with long strands loose beside her face. It gave the impression she was just out of bed. “Bon soir, gentlemens. How may I help you?”
	My mind went into a gallop, easily counting the ways, wondering if she did that around the world thing.
	Porter stepped forward and told her we were looking for a room for the night. She smiled at him, and I could see an instant attraction. “I will show you,” she said, reaching up for a key hanging behind her. “For you, only two dollars.” And another smile. “I am Madam Lafarge, and you are?”
	“I’m John,” he answered, using his new alias, “and he’s Frank.”
	She studied him for a moment, then gave me a cursory glance. “You, I think I am already knowing,” she said, giving me a puzzled look. She turned and led the way to the narrow stairway and up the steps. Porter followed her, fascinated by her undulating walk. She was amply endowed, top and bottom, with a surprisingly narrow waist in between. All that voluptuous flesh was on pivots, leaving waves of man-grabbing sensuality in its wake.
	She showed us into the room, closed the door, smiled with a flick of her eyelashes, and left. Porter threw his saddlebags on one of the two cots and looked at me with a sideways grin. “We may have to stay on for a few days,” he said.
	“Yeah, I get the idea,” I replied. “ I hope she doesn’t have a husband in the Vigilantes.”

	It was mid-morning when we came down the stairs. Madame Lafarge greeted us effusively. “You boys sleep pretty good, eh? You like the coffee? I have just fresh made it.” She didn’t wait for an answer and casually filled two tin cups. In contrast to her languid movements, her eyes, large and dark, danced with vitality. She had accented them with burnt cork and reddened her lips with tallow and vermilion like the saloon girls.  As she handed the coffee over the counter, her low neckline trapped our gaze. She moved around the store with an effortless grace as though guided by an inner waltz. Porter’s eyes were her constant partners in that waltz.
	I was expecting to see Marie. Actually anxious with some crazy feeling of anticipation that had me almost giddy. What was wrong with me? I kept looking around, hoping she would walk in.	 
	Porter tried to sip his coffee, but the cup was too hot on his lips. “Thank you, Madame,” he began, but she interrupted.
	“No, no…no Madame. I am just Yvette.”
	“Okay…ah, Yvette…we would like to rent the room for a couple more days if it might be available.”
	She smiled and licked her lips. “Yes, yes…you can do that.”
	Porter started to offer her money.
	She held his hand off and didn’t take the money. “You can stay for no pay if you would do some little bits of work for me.” She gently squeezed his hand before releasing it.
	“What kind of work?”
	“Some heavy boxes to lift…too heavy for me, I think.”
	Porter looked at me. I shrugged, ambivalent. She was hard to read: warm yet cold, seductive yet intimidating—a forbidding combination. On my previous visit, my thoughts had all been on Marie’s illness. But now I sensed something about her that augured trouble to come.
	“Doesn’t your husband help you?” he asked her.
	“Pierre?…Ha, him a dumb bastard. Goes to Fort Benton for to buy goods. Gets drunk…goes whoring…comes back in couple weeks. Leaves me to do all of work here.” Her nose crinkled in disgust.
	“I see.” Porter put his money back in his pocket. “Okay, you got a deal.”
	I kept waiting for Marie to appear. Finally, I got Yvette’s attention away from Porter.
	“I left a young lady here…last winter…Marie?”
	“Ah…now I know…” She smiled. “You are the one who brought Marie, when she was sick.”
	“Yeah, one and the same. Where is she?”
	She looked flustered, then regretful. Her brows and lips puckered up in sympathy. “Oh, m’sieur…I am so sorry. She was special to you…N’est-ce pas?”
	“Yes, what has…”
	“C’est très mal! Not good, not good. She died.” She paused to let that sink in. “She got better. Was good worker for us in the store for weeks. Then…it was oh, so sudden.”
	I wasn’t really processing her words. I was overwhelmed by a hollow rush of nothing. I had that stone in my stomach again, sitting in a vacuum.
	She was still talking, “…fever returned. We could do nothing.”
	I was halfway out the door. She came behind me and took my arm. “Over there,” she said, pointing to a wooden cross made of boards with “Marie” painted on it.

	I walked to the grave, stood over it. A ragged-edged dagger was rammed into my heart. I gasped and a bitter wave of grief enfolded me like an icy blanket. She was...only a mound of dirt with some scattered grass and weeds. 
	My God, I had loved her. I knew that now…too late. What a stupid ignorant clod I was not to see it. Little scenes, the memorable moments with her, flashed through my mind. I slumped down by the grave, shaking, and devastated with tears running down my cheeks. She was so young, and now she would never mature to the beautiful woman she was meant to be. 
	After a while I got up, squeezed the tears from my eyes, and screamed at the trees. I wandered aimlessly through the woods and along the river. It started to rain lightly. The willows hung low over the water in a dejected parody of my sorrow, rain dripping off their leaves like my tears. The world had lost all of its beauty. It was dark grey, slate green and desolate. What a fool I was to leave her. My sorrow turned to anger and I gritted my teeth, frustrated by the way I failed to see the seriousness of her condition. I walked and walked until the shadows lengthened. The air got chilly. I wasn’t wearing a coat. I realized it was evening, so I shook off my anguish, and went back to the store. Looking straight ahead, I went straight up to our room without speaking to anyone.
	I had the room to myself. Porter never showed up. He came into our room the next morning looking rumpled and bleary-eyed. He walked over to the wash basin and worked up a lather in his shaving cup.
	“I’m gonna hit the road today,” I told him.
	He didn’t answer. He opened his razor and started stropping it. After testing the edge on his thumb, he razed the foam off his cheeks. "That goddamn woman could eat you alive.” He shook his head, wiped the lather off his face, and clicked his razor shut.
	“Unbelievable. She couldn’t get enough! I should have charged her a stud fee.” He looked up. "Christ, Frank, you look like hell. What's going on?"
	“Marie died. She's buried out there."
	"Marie?" He looked puzzled.
	"Yes...Jesus, Port! The girl I won in the poker game." He still didn't get it. I explained, "She got sick and I left her here last fall when I went to Virginia City. She was too sick to keep traveling."
	He stared at me, still puzzled. Finally, he digested what I'd said. "Ah...I see. You fell in love with her. I'm sorry, Frank."
	"I’m leaving today," I repeated. 
	“Yeah, I heard you. And I’m going with you. Yvette told me that Wilson and his cronies said they were heading for Last Chance.”
	We gathered up our belongings and went downstairs.
	“We’re moving on,” Porter told Yvette.
	She glared at him, tilted her chin up, and turned away. No tender words of goodbye. No pleading. No tears.

Chapter Sixteen
Last Chance Gulch

	The trail north followed the river. Porter dropped some titillating bits about his romps with Yvette. But, true to form, he traveled along most of the time without speaking, unless it concerned the trail or the horses. That was fine. My mind was on Marie and I had no interest in his bedroom acrobatics. I didn’t feel like talking. I was sick with sadness. As we plodded along, I couldn’t get her out of my mind. Even in his silent way, I knew that Porter commiserated with me over her loss. It was the first time I felt that he valued me as a friend and not just a tagalong pal.
	I started wondering what I was really doing. I was supposed to be one of those highfalutin’ Pinkerton detectives that always finds the bad guys. So far I’d only accomplished thirty percent of that goal.  Even that wasn’t my doing; Porter shot him. So why was I really bothering with the Pinkerton thing? I should just send Allan Pinkerton his cute little badge and admit that I’m nothing more than another hopeful gold seeker.  I had to admit, once you see that color in the pan, gold fever hits you. Yes, quitting Pinkerton would also relieve me of having to arrest Porter, if I should finally decide he was the third bandit.
	We rode through several small mining camps in the Gold Creek area. That night we stopped at a little settlement on the Mullan Road with the presumptuous name of Potomac. The rest of the ride was over the pass and down to Last Chance Gulch.
	
	We arrived there in late afternoon. It was no longer a mining camp. Once again, I was shocked by the way gold becomes the catalyst for rapid growth. Streets were lined with log cabins, clapboard houses, and many new businesses. The routing of the streets seemed to be dictated by the meandering of claims and drainage ditches. We found our way through the muddy streets to the Magnolia Hotel and tied up in front. It was a small framed two-story building with a tiny lobby. An emaciated little man greeted us from behind the check-in counter.  He had a pencil-thin mustache and a wispy shock of black hair on his bald head. He looked up over his half-lens reading glasses. "Can I help you gents?"
	A poster on the wall above said, “Welcome to Helena.”
	“Is that what this place is called now?” I asked the mousy clerk. He adapted an officious look of self-importance.
	“That’s right, sir. All settled. That’s the new name of our city. But don’t ask me how to pronounce it.” He broke into a big grin. “Half the town calls it ‘Heleena’ and the other half calls it ‘Hellena’.” 
	He glanced at Porter, but not seeing his humor mirrored there, he became all business again. “If you gentlemen are seeking a room, I’m sorry to say, we are fully booked for several days.” He shoved the register forward. “But we do rent floor space in a warm area for one dollar per night, if you’d like to sign for that.”
	Porter’s mustache twitched with disdain.
	“What’s included?” I asked.
	“Included?”
	“Yeah…like breakfast…a bathtub.”
	“You can stable your animals and use the privy on the ground floor.”
	I turned to Porter. “So…for a dollar, we don’t have to shit over a log. Might be worth it.”
	Porter just grunted and signed his name.
	I pulled out the wanted poster and unfolded it. “Have you seen any of these guys?”
	He hardly glanced at it. “Sure. Most everybody knows them. The pockmarked one is Curly Dixon. Haven’t seen him around lately. The half-breed is Wahoo Wilson. He hangs out at the Golden Spur. The owner, Blackjack Clanton…I would bet money on, is the one behind the bandanna.” He glanced quickly at Porter, then looked away. “He bears a remarkable resemblance to your friend here.”
	“Well…help me out here. This Wilson…obviously a wanted criminal,” I pointed out. “Why hasn’t he been arrested?”
	“I guess the simple answer would be that our sheriff was not a gunfighter. Wilson is.”
	“And what would be the detailed answer?"
	“Wahoo and Clanton have made a lot of friends…I should say, they’ve bought a lot of friends. The sheriff couldn’t get anyone to back him up, so he quit.” 
	“So there’s no law here at all?”
	“Oh, there’s talk of starting a Vigilance Committee, but that’s all it is, just talk. Everybody is too busy getting rich to worry about a few murders.”
	Porter had followed the conversation without comment. Now he turned away from the counter. “Let’s go, Frank. Let’s take care of the horses.”
	I scrawled my name on the register and followed him out the door.
	After we rubbed the horses down and fed them some oats, we had supper at a restaurant across the street. We were both bone-tired from being in the saddle all day.
	“I’m ready to hit the floor, so to speak,” Porter said with a grin.
	“How about taking a look in that Golden Spur joint,” I proposed.
	“Nah, but you go ahead. Just walk in and wave your Pinkerton badge. You’ll have them all begging for mercy.”
	I just ignored him.
	 The hotel was divided lengthwise on two floors by hallways that run the length of the floors. There were ten small rooms on each floor. Our designated floor space was at the front end of the second floor hallway. We put our saddles down and spread our bedrolls. The hall window faced the street. Porter stood there scowling down at the scene below. With the setting sun behind him, his sharp silhouette reminded me of an eagle waiting to swoop down for the kill.
	After a while he spoke, still watching the street. “There’s a man out there I have to kill.”
	I waited. I knew he would explain.
	“He’s the man that killed my wife.” He turned, and his eyes, like polished blue steel, scared me.
	“I know he’s one of the men you’re supposed to arrest, but I’m not going to give you that chance,” he said.
	“You mean Wahoo Wilson?”
	“No, you can have that filthy bastard. I’m talking about Clanton.”
	“What do you intend to do?”
	“I just told you. I’m gonna kill him.”
	I wanted to know more, but it didn’t seem like a good time to ask. This meant that Porter was not the third robber. Or did it? I decided I’d better not jump to conclusions. 
	Porter left the window and got down on his blankets. He stared at the ceiling for a moment and shut his eyes.

Chapter Seventeen
A Golden Opportunity

	The hard floor didn’t stop me from sleeping the sleep of the dead. When I woke up, Porter was sitting on his saddle cleaning his gun.
	“There’s a wash basin in the privy,” he said, sighting through his gun barrel.
	We made arrangements with the desk clerk to take care of our gear and to move us into the first room that came available. Then we went for breakfast in the same restaurant where we ate the night before.  The street was already teeming with people—miners and new arrivals walking, on horseback, and in buggies and wagons. Through the congestion, carts shuttled in and out delivering meat and produce to the stores that were opening up for the day. I stepped aside for one cart that left a trailing aroma of baked goods. As in Virginia City, there was a polyglot of humanity of all colors and nationalities.
	The restaurant was a madhouse. Loud conversation and laughter laced with the smell of bacon and coffee filled the room. Porter and I got the last available table and waited patiently for one of the Chinese waiters to get to us. I wanted to ask Porter for something more about the man he planned to kill. My curiosity was killing me, but it was too noisy to go into that. I began to hear a voice in the hubbub with a familiar ring. I traced the sound to a portly gentleman entertaining a circle of friends around his table. He was well dressed with a shiny beaver top hat and a velvet collar on his coat. I studied him for a couple minutes before I realized it was our old cohort, Barney Bork.
	I poked Porter and pointed. “Take a close look at that guy.”
	“He looks like…”
	“Yeah, Barney. It’s Barney.”
	“Looks like he hit the mother lode.” 
	I waited until the group he was entertaining was leaving. Then I called, “Hey, Barney…over here.”
	He turned and recognized us right away. “By the moldy bones of old John Brown, if it ain’t my good ol’ minin’ pals!” He shouted.
	He jumped up, rushed over and started shaking hands and talking nonstop. Finally, he took a breath, paused, and gave us a sly wink. He bent down and spoke confidentially: “I want you fellers to join me for a little nip. I got a proposition I think you’ll like.”
	“Hell, Barney, slow down. We haven’t even got our breakfast ordered yet,” I said.
	“Oh, that’s me,” he laughed, “always putting the cart before the horse. Well, I don’t want to spoil your appetites. I’ll be in the bar next door. I’d sure take it kindly if you fellers would let me buy you a little nip.”
	Porter gave him a grin that twisted his mustache and crinkled his eyes. “We’ll see you there shortly, Barney.”
	The waiter came and took our orders. While we waited for the food, I asked Porter, “What makes you so sure this Clanton character is the guy who killed your wife.”
	Porter’s jaw clenched. “By the company he keeps.”
	“I suppose that’s a good assumption.”
	“Assumption hell! I was there. You’ve seen the scar on my shoulder.”
	“What…” I gasped. “You were on that stage coach?”
	“Yeah, and so was my gun. Unfortunately, it was stowed in our trunk.” He reached up and stroked his temples, covering his eyes. He was quiet for a while then took his hand down. “Clanton took a shot at the stage guard but missed. The slug came through the corner of the coach where my wife was sitting and…” He fiddled with his silverware, carefully aligning them by his plate. Then he pulled out the broach and set it on the table. “He ripped this off her dead body.” He ran his fingers over the cameo center with unexpected tenderness.
	I felt his hurt.
	“Anyway, that set me off,” he said. “I tried to jump him, and he shot me. Curly wounded the guard, but he survived. I guess they thought I was dead…or they were in too much of a hurry to make sure.”		
	I didn’t know what to say. Now that Porter had opened up to me, I felt like an intruder. But it was a relief to finally know that I didn’t have to choose between duty and friendship.

	In the bar next door we found Barney sitting at a table in a corner with a bottle in front of him. When he saw us he hollered at the bartender to bring two more glasses.
	“Coming right up, Mr. Bork,” was the answer.
	“Ah…it’s Mister Bork now,” I said. “I hope you haven’t joined the rich and famous around here.”
	Barney laughed. “Well, I’m definitely richer than when I last saw you boys. I got here at a good time. Managed to catch a golden goose.”	
	The waiter set down the glasses, and Barney poured three fingers in each one. “Try some of this scamper juice. It’ll stroke your innards.”
	I took a sip. “I’m no connoisseur of whisky,” I said, “but this is a mighty smoo-ooth gargle.”	
	He held forth his glass in a toast, and we clinked with him. “Yes, sir, boys…ol’ Barney is doing right fine. Doin’ right fine!” He paused for a sip. “I dug a coyote hole, found bedrock, then Mother Nature helped me out.” He wagged his head in wonder. “Damned if there wasn’t one of those little earthquakes. Just a trembler, but it opened a crack, and the color was there. Not very far down. Hit the jackpot, I did...by God, I hit the bloody jackpot!”
	He tilted his top hat back and gave us a smug grin.
	“I want you fellers to go in with me,” he sat back and continued. “You know my poor old back…not up to snuff. I’ve got a hired hand, but I don’t trust him. He’s probably squirreling away more of my gold than I’m getting.”
	He didn’t give us a chance to comment but hurried on, “If you boys throw in with me, I’ll give you each fifteen percent…and believe me, you’ll be surprised at how much that will be.”
	“Well, you don’t have to convince me,” I said. “I’d be happy as hell to join up.”
	Porter was nodding as though he agreed. He swirled his drink a couple times. “There’s one thing,” he said, “I’ve got some business to take care of first.”
	When Porter didn’t explain further, I asked Barney, “Do you know a guy named Clanton?”
	“Blackjack Clanton? Yeah, everybody knows him. Used to be some kind of hotshot gunfighter, they say. Now he’s in the business of procurement and rental of nubile young maidens,” he chuckled. “He’s a fancy-assed pimp that owns the Golden Spur whore house and saloon. He’s got a whole corral full of fine looking fillies, but I hear he keeps the prettiest one for himself.” He paused for a belch. “He keeps her in his house.”
	“He’s got a house? I figured he’d live above the saloon.”
	“Nah, it’s all filled up with little crib rooms for his whores.”
	Porter was tapping absently on the table.
	Barney suddenly looked scared. “Oh, I hope he’s not a friend of yours, Porter.”
	 “Nah…I’m gonna kill him,” he said flatly. 
	There was a short silence.
	Barney nodded gravely. “Good idea.”
	Another short silence.
	“You ever been in his house?” I asked.
	“No chance. He keeps a couple of goons on guard there. And I’m not sure whether it’s to keep us peons out or to keep his lady in.”
	Porter looked up. “Where is it?”
	“What…oh, the house. It’s just a ways down Bridge Street. You can’t miss it. It’s the only one with fancy windows and nice paint—kinda yellow.”
	“You’ve had dealings with him?” I asked.
	“Every day. Every day he steals from me.” He swallowed the rest of his drink in one gulp. “His goons protect me when I take my day’s take to the bank. Of course, there’s a generous payment for that service.”
	“What if you refused his so-called protection?”
	“Those that have, they disappear…drown, die in a cabin fire. Then he files on their claim.”
	Porter tilted back in his chair grinning. “Barney…old friend…you just hired your own protection. You can fire Clanton’s men.”
	Barney’s face lit up for an instant, then collapsed in concern. “Now hold on. I didn’t mean we should partner up that way. I don’t want to get you fellers killed.”
	“Oh, Barney,” I teased. “When we’re layin’ there groanin’ and all bloody, full of bullets, we won’t blame you. Me…I’ll probably blame Porter.”
	We agreed to meet back at the restaurant at dinnertime; Barney was set on treating us to a big steak. Then we’d go to his claim.
	In the meantime, Porter and I decided to check out the Golden Spur. It was only a block away on Main. It was pretty well tricked out considering we were on the frontier. I admired the impressive crystal chandelier. It had a couple dozen candles that had never been lit. The wallpaper was a deep red with vertical lines of vines and flowers in gold leaf. Both the bar and the back bar were walnut, beautifully carved with graceful designs. Three bartenders were uniformed in blue shirts with stiff white collars and red striped aprons. They were busy taking brisk care of a little crowd of morning drinkers and frowsy crib girls.  
	We stepped up to the bar and ordered whisky. Porter asked the bartender, “Is your boss around?”
	“No, sir. He doesn’t come in ’til evening.”
	Porter pulled out the broach. “When he comes in, give him this. Tell him there’s someone in town that’s gonna kill him.”
	“What? Is this some kind of joke?” The bartender saw Porter’s menacing eyes. He jerked back and looked at the broach like it was a rattler about to strike.
	Porter downed his drink and slammed the glass onto the bar. “It’s no joke. Tell him.”
	We turned to go.
	The bartender called, “Wait a minute! What’s your name, mister?”
	Porter answered in a voice meant for every one in the bar. “Just call me the man who killed Blackjack Clanton.”
	The bar went silent.

Chapter Eighteen
First Encounter

	Out on the street, Porter pulled me into the recessed entrance to a store. “Hang on, Frank.”
	He didn’t explain, but soon a couple guys came out and took off down the street.
	“A couple of messengers,” Porter said. “Well, I’ve got the pot stewing.” 	
	We followed the two guys down Bridge Street to the yellow house. It had a broad, open porch that crossed the front and there were wrought iron grills on the windows. There was an armed guard seated on each side of the door.
	We stopped a few houses away. “What’s your plan?” I asked.
	“No plan.”
	I didn’t expect an explanation.

	We met with Barney that evening and enjoyed the big steak dinner he’d promised. He had gained more weight, gotten rosier and was growing some muttonchop sideburns--still scraggly, but showing promise. He kept us entertained through the meal with an accounting of his endeavors since he left Alder Creek. Then we went to the livery stable where he kept a buckboard and rode with him out to his claim. It was only about a mile up the gulch.
	His hired hand was down in his shaft, the “coyote hole.” Barney called down, “Okay, Ole…bring the take, and come on up.”
	Ole came up the ladder. He was a lanky Swede with a dirty bandana wrapped around his blonde hair. He had a plain square face devoid of expression. He climbed out and handed Barney a little leather bag, which I presumed contained the gold from his day in the hole.
	“Ole, I’m letting you go,” Barney said. “I’ve got me some new partners here, and I won’t need you anymore.”
	Ole just looked sideways at him and grunted something inaudible.
 	Then Porter stepped over to him. “But before you go, let’s check your pockets.”
	“The hell you will,” Ole snarled.
	Before he finished his retort, Porter’s gun was in his face. “All right. We’ll go a little further. Take it all off.”
	Ole didn’t much like those steely eyes behind the ominous bore of the pistol. He started stripping. Porter gave him some hurry-up prods until he was down to his long johns.
	Barney was going through his clothes but finding nothing.
	“Long johns, too,” Porter insisted.
	Ole had lost all belligerence and was looking sheepish. When he dropped his underwear, he revealed a little tobacco bag hanging from his waist just above his maypole. Porter ripped it off and handed it to Barney.
	“Oh, my…” Barney said. “Did I pay you so bad that you had to steal from me?” He looked at Ole, not with outrage, but with a wistful sadness.
	Ole didn’t have anything to say. He started to put his clothes back on, but Porter shoved the gun at him. “Get going and don’t stop ’till you’re out of sight.”
	It wasn’t much in the way of punishment for a thief, but very amusing—the skinny butt of a naked Swede running gingerly, barefoot over the rocks, with boots in one hand and clothes in the other. He passed two horsemen coming toward us who hooted some vulgar remarks at him.
	They were Clanton’s men—Barney’s so-called protectors. Barney walked over. “Don’t bother to get down. I’ve hired a new company for protection. You’re fired,” he told them.
	“The hell we are,” the bigger man said. “We don’t get fired until Clanton says we’re fired.”
	Porter stepped up beside Barney. “I say you’re fired.” He had his hand resting on his holster. “Run along and tell your boss that there’s a man in town who will soon be known as the man who killed Blackjack Clanton.” 
	They seemed to have second thoughts about being fired. Without saying more, they swung their mounts around and trotted away.
	We got Barney and his gold safely to the bank, then went back to the hotel. The desk clerk looked up wide-eyed when we walked in.
	“Is it true you fellows are going to kill Blackjack Clanton?” he asked.
	“Just this one fellow, not that fellow,” Porter explained.
	The clerk tried to anticipate our every need. He had a complimentary room for us and summoned a helper to feed and water our horses. We had hot water for the bathtub and a crystal flask of brandy in our room. I figured the word was out. Helena knew that Porter was going to kill Clanton.
	Porter was soon splashing around in the tub, smiling like a little kid. I noticed his gun was handy on a chair beside him.
	“So, Porter…you don’t have a plan…so what do you think happens next?”
	He gave me a sideways glance that swiveled his mustache. “We wait.”


Chapter Nineteen
The Killing 

	The next morning, I decided to enjoy some time in the tub. The maid brought up two buckets of hot water; then made another trip up with a bucket of cold water. We probably had the only room in the hotel with its own copper bathtub. After I added enough cold water to get the temperature right, I was content to lay back and soak and enjoy this luxury while it lasted. Once the gunfight was over, the hotel might not be so accommodating.
	While I was taking the bath, Porter got up, dressed, and headed out the door. “I’ll meet you at the restaurant when you’re all clean and tidy,” he said, grinning.
	I finally got out and dried with a thick Turkish towel. I hadn’t seen one of those since I left Missouri. 
	When I went across the street to the restaurant, it was busy as usual, but Porter was not there. I stood around for quite a while trying to decide whether to wait or go somewhere else. I was feeling down and I had no appetite for breakfast anyway. So I left.
	I was walking across the street towards the hotel when down the street to my right, someone yelled.
	"Hey, Frank!"
	I kept walking. I knew it was Porter. I was a little pissed off and grumpy. He was late.
	"Frank...hold up!
	I turned reluctantly to wait for him.
	He had a girl beside him and a big grin on his face. I knew he’d done it. That he had killed Clanton.
	“You did it, didn’t you?” I demanded as he neared.
	“He’s dead.”
	“And who’s this?”
	“You don’t know?”
	The girl was holding back, looking at the dirty street and fidgeting with her hair.
	When she looked up I saw the beaded choker. It was my Marie. My God, I felt like someone had punched me in the stomach. In that instant, my emotional dam that held her loss just crumbled; I was deluged with a swirl of confusion, shock, excitement, and wonder.  And then...love!
	“My God, Marie! I was told you were dead.” I was goggle eyed with a gaping mouth.
	She tried to smile, but it turned to tears. "Oh Frank, I'm not me anymore." She hung her head and collapsed, weeping and shivering into my arms. She was so soft, so where she belonged. She wouldn’t look up at me. Between bursts of grief, she pleaded in a hoarse little voice, “Oh, Frank…I’ve been terribly used…I’m just trash…he made me…" She paused for a deep gasping breath. "He made me his concubine!”
	She spat out “concubine” like it was the foulest word in the English language.
	“He kept me a prisoner in that house.” She finally looked up at me. She was more beautiful than I remembered. Her big brown eyes were swimming in tears. She tried to continue, but I put my finger on her lips.
	“Shhh…It’s over. I love you, Marie. I’m not going to let you out of my sight ever again. I mean it. Never again.” I held her close and kissed her. It was a long, warm kiss that dispelled a raw world of hurt and pain. Then, clinging together, we walked slowly back to the hotel.
	She clung to me, still sobbing as we got to our room, I sat her down and gave her a shot of brandy. She gulped it down and wiped the tears off her cheeks with her other hand. When she regained her composure, I told her about Yvette, about her lie and the grave.
	“That French bitch sold me,” she whimpered, “just like I was a Black from Africa. Pierre…that slimy old lecher…was pawing me when he thought Yvette wasn’t looking. Funny…she didn’t want him, but she was jealous. She sold me to that Wahoo Wilson guy who was going to make me a crib girl. Clanton decided to keep me for himself.”
	Porter was standing off to one side, giving us space. I turned to him. “So…what happened?”
	“I killed him, like I said I would.”
	“Well, I figured that. Do I have to drag it out of you?”
	“Oh, it wasn’t much of an affair. I had to plug the two guards before he’d come out.  I was faster. He’s dead.” He paused, then added, “That’s when Marie came running out.” 

	There was still the unfinished business of Wilson. It would be smart to forget about him, I thought. Now that I had Marie, I could just work with Barney and get rich. We could live happily ever after. 
	But I couldn’t convince myself. 

Chapter Twenty
Wahoo Wilson
 

	By late afternoon, Marie and I had talked our way through all the things that had taken place while we were apart. The desk clerk knocked on the door, and Porter answered.
	“Some fellow said to tell you that Wahoo Wilson has taken over the Golden Spur, and if you ever set foot in there, he’ll put you in a pine overcoat.”
	“That’s nice,” Porter said politely. “Thank you.” He closed the door, then said to me, “Wilson’s all yours. I’m going to go dig gold for Barney. You can either join me or play Pinkerton hotshot.”
	“You go on. I can’t avoid my duty.”
	Porter looked at me like I was crazy. He turned to Marie as he left the room, “Take care of the idiot.” 
	Marie insisted on going with me. “You said you’d never let me out of your sight again,” she reminded me.
	“But this is going to be me or him. I don’t think he’s going to surrender without pulling on me. You could be hurt when the bullets start flying. I can’t lose you again!”
	“I’m going.”
	She was stubborn and nothing I said made any difference.
	I gave in, but when we reached the saloon I made her wait on the sidewalk. 
	I stood outside the swinging doors of the Golden Spur hesitating. I told myself that I was organizing my thoughts. That wasn’t working. I had to do this. I gritted my teeth and walked in. I recognized Wilson. He fit the poster description, scar, and all. He was walking across the room to the Faro table where he said something to the dealer. He looked very capable of killing me.
	When I got to the center of the room, I took a deep breath and pulled out my revolver. The mix of miners and whores near me started sidling away with a clattering of hobnail boots and scraping chairs. I caught myself swallowing several times. My mouth was dry and my gun hand trembled. The faro dealer looked past Wilson directly at me with alarm written on his face. I aimed my revolver and cocked it. The sound of that hammer clicking back was all Wilson needed to hear. He whirled around to face me, pulling his pistol.
	“You’re under arrest,” I croaked, “for the robbery and mur…”
	Before I could finish, he got a shot off. It might have hit me, but I felt nothing. I was thinking I should pull the trigger, but I was frozen. It all seemed to be happening very slowly. I looked at my hand and willed it to squeeze the trigger. It did, sending the bullet wildly off target.
	Wilson was still shooting. Through the smoke his face was distorted with a leering grin, like he was enjoying a burlesque show. I could hear his gun firing, but it seemed far away, making just a soft pop, pop. My hand was slowly thumbing back the hammer of my revolver and pulling the trigger. I watched it, detached, like it belonged to someone else. But then Wilson was dancing…no reeling, and his shots were plowing into the floor.
	He collapsed, still dancing, face down. I shook off my malaise when I realized Wilson was down. I could see he was not dead. I tried to shoot him again, but my gun was empty.
	I felt a hand on my arm, and it was Marie. “You’re bleeding,” she said. She took the gun from me and led me to a chair. I saw that my shirtfront was bloody, and I passed out.
	When I recovered, I was on the table. Marie was leaning over me. She kissed me on the forehead. “Just keep still; you’re gonna be okay.” Her eyes were wet with sympathy.
	An older man, gray-haired with muttonchops, was washing his hands in a basin. He dried them and unbuttoned my shirt to examine the wound.
	“Went clean through,” he muttered. He ordered Marie to get him some cold water from the bar. “You just relax, young fella. This is nothing.” He took some tweezers out of his bag and picked some threads of cloth out of the bullet hole. Then he washed both entrance and exit holes before he bandaged me up.
	“Change the bandage every day,” he told Marie. “He’ll be healed up pretty well in about a week. You can expect some swelling and redness around it. That’s okay. But if it gets more colorful or ugly looking, let me know.” He closed up his bag and started for the door. Then he turned and said, “You can drop two dollars off at my office…when you have the opportunity.”
	I looked at Marie. She was so beautiful standing there-- an angel fussing over me. “Is Wilson dead?” I asked.
	“Well…yes, but not right away. I had to reload your gun and shoot him some more times... before…well…he didn’t seem to want to die.” She started shaking and crying, “It was all I could do! I hated him so much!” She looked at me with her big wet eyes, pleading and hoping for understanding.
	I choked up at the sight of her tears. “It’s okay. You done right.” I found her hand and squeezed it. “The son-of-bitch had it coming. He deserved it.”
	 I felt a vast relief flow through me; it was peaceful.








If you enjoyed this book, please leave a review.

Other books by Rod Fisher

The Long Road to Salamanca
The Antillian Scrolls
Hag of Calyx
Grim Vengeance
The Inglorious Brotherhood
The Two Bears Conspiracy
The Peripatetic Dilettante
The Unsinkable Sloop
The Script Crypt

Email: rodfisher@rodfisher.net
Website: https://rodfisher.net

