This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.

Copyright © 2015 by Frank Fronash

All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the established consent or written permission of the copyright holder.
VOODOO BOSCH
Sometimes you git. Sometimes you git got.
Old cowboy saying
Chapter 1
THE GAME
Bosch sat in a town at the edge of the desert and waited to go insane. He drank and played cards and paced the saloon floor. He stood outside and stared into the sun to speed up the process. The wind flapped curtains out broken windows and signs swung on chains. The horses tied in front shifted and shook their heads.
Down the street, a door clapped shut and someone threw their leg over a glossy pinto. High above, the clouds were fat-bellied empires, sliding over the too blue sky. Bosch ruled them in his mind and made rash, violent proclamations. The clouds kept on. The horseman galloped up dust goin’ by, his brim pulled low.
There was no more war and the gold was gone out the mountain. The town was dying and tryin’a take him with. He’d lost his last ten at the table and thought about selling his Susies. Good Guns. Smiths. 
He had half a bottle left and gulped some, sitting on the saloon porch in his shitty clothes, his only clothes. Shitty jeans and a shitty shirt with the sleeves rolled halfway up his forearms so long they was glued there. He looked around for his hat and unholstered a gun from his shitty crossed belts. He gripped it tight. Good gun. He twitched, like it might end up in his mouth.
“Best be gettin’ then, chief,” said a voice and he looked over. The cardplayer, Grant, tugged up the collar of his duster and stomped down the steps, his men close behind. It was Bosch and Asa, now. A couple whores down the street, maybe. The doc had been around earlier. 
“This it?” asked Grant, his hand on a bay mustang tied to the post. 
Bosch nodded, thinking of that last hand, throwing in his ten and raising the horse on top, hell yes, the saddle too! He’d pointed out the window, Grant nodding and matching the bet with a few notes. Bosch’s hand was laid out to low groans and embarrassed snorts. He’d pounded the table. There’d been three of a kind, goddammit! Then the pacing, the drinking and staring into the sun.
Grant untied the animal and kept the rein loose, boot in his own stirrup to swing on up. 
“Thanks, chief.”
“I ain’t Injun,” said Bosch.
The group trotted off, leadin’ Bosch’s mount behind.
“Don’t mind it,” said Asa, creaking out the batwings. “Just addin’ insult to injury.”
“Well, I ain’t.”
He right wasn’t. Dark skin but not Injun. Mex, neither, or Spanish. ‘Gyptian a man told him once but that was a guess.
“You bet, Bosch.”
“Ya let Injuns in yer fuckin’ saloon, Ace?”
Asa pulled the rag off his shoulder and wiped the porch post.
“I do not.”
“There it be, then.”
“I got my wagon comin’ in with Doc’s this afternoon.”
Bosch had his back to the other post, leg in the street. He nodded and watched Grant’s crew fade in a swelling billow o’ dust.
“Uh huh.”
“I’ll leave a few things if you stay on.” 
“Obliged.”
“Or come with one of us.”
Bosch shrugged.
“Mayor’s gone, Bosch. Don’t need another one.”
He watched Asa part the wings and head inside. Shot him twice through the back and stepped in his blood and sacked the place for a cashbox. Bosch propped the body in a chair and sat across over bottle after bottle, recounting that last hand.
“Y’hear me?”
Asa’s shoes appeared in the space Bosch stared at under the wings, somehow not bursting into flame for the intensity of his lurid thoughts.
“Bosch!”
He blinked and dragged his stare on up. 
“Yeah,” he said, the man’s face spattered with blood. The two exit wounds gaped, big enough to crawl into. Bosch put a palm in his eye.
“Y’hear me?”
“Plate o’ beans, I hear ya.”
“They’re gettin’ cold.”
Bosch shinnied his shoulders up the post and stumbled inside. Slammed his bottle on the bar. He ate the beans and soaked the plate with a heel o’ bread. A glance at Asa, the shelves behind him bare, everything crated in back. In the mirror over the bar, room was empty save a table left out for their game. Other three chairs already dragged away.
He went back outside. Last meal, that was all he needed. Middle of the street he unholstered again, knees sagging. He was breathing heavy through the booze, the sun pounding his back. 
A man needed a smoke, though. 
He swung his head toward the saloon and jerked a shoulder to twist the rest of him after.
Last meal, last smoke.
Asa stood behind as he sat on the porch some more, the tobacco fluttering down between his boots. He was shaking too much.
“I got it, Bosch.”
Asa sat down beside and took the curl of paper, the pouch and started rolling. Bosch nearly apologized for killing him. He watched the mountains over the rooftops across.
“Which o’ them’s left?” he asked.
Asa licked it shut and put the quirly between Bosch’s lips. A match snapped off the edge of the step.
“Who?”
Bosch turned to let him light the end, nodded. He exhaled a gust through his nose. Jerked his head up the street, hand cupped to his chest over an invisible tit.
“Marlene, I think,” said Asa. “Ellen or Sadie with ‘er. Headin’ south.”
They were only a half day from the border. South sounded just fine to Bosch. He could kill himself in Mexico just fine. He got up.
“The girls? Hell, three-four hours now,” said the doc, sitting at his desk back of the cathouse. Bosch kept his forearm braced on the doorframe. He swayed. The lantern on the blotter hissed.
“You aren’t in shape for a throw anyway, Bosch.”
“Was gonna leave with ‘em.”
“I see,” Doc kept writing in his ledger. “Ride with me, if you want. Room in the wagon.”
“Where?”
“It matter?”
Bosch didn’t answer. Doc had his head back, staring at the ceiling. His throat was cut, blood like a bib on his chest. Snakes writhed over the desk, rain slashed the windows.
“Does it?”
Doc clapped the ledger shut and put it in his split-handle bag. He stood and checked the watch in his vest.
“Wagon’s comin’ before three, they said. Find me at home.”
He brushed past and Bosch followed him a few feet across the empty front parlor. He stumbled and held a hand out for the counter where Marlene would sit, taking money for the cashbox. Bosch weaved behind it, bending down to look.
He kept falling.
Chapter 2
THE RIDER
Bosch snorted awake on the floor. He put a hand out for a shelf behind the counter and got to his knees. Barely enough light to see by.
He walked out to sunset, a slow detonation of pink and orange behind the mountains, the sky fading black above it. He took a piss off the porch and half fell into the street. There were hands to the side of his head, pushing. His neck ached from the floor.
“Doc!” he shouted and turned to face the cathouse. 
No lights, none up or down the street. 
He squinted. Except the saloon. Lantern in the window.
Moving that way, he thought he saw some dust a ways off, a shape within it. He ran, scuffed to a stop outside the saloon, coughing, hands on his thighs. He spit.
“Hey!”
The wagon bounced over a rut out there and got smaller and smaller. He stomped up the front steps and flung the wings apart.
“Asa!”
Table, chair. Bottle on it with his smoke pouch, brought in from the porch. Bottle held down a note and five dollars. He went to the window for the lantern. It took some squints and sounding it out but he got the gist.

Bosch, 
Looked everywhere, waited longer than I should have. 
Good luck, 
A. G. Fulbright.

Pot of beans on the counter. Bosch pulled the big spoon out, stuck it back in. He looked into the mirror but it was gone, a brighter wood rectangle where it hung.
Outside, the sun finished up and he turned a circle in the street, chafing his heel in frustration. He screamed, arms out, mouth open to swallow the sky. There was a rumble of thunder in reply. He screamed again. Another rumble. 
Fine by him, then.
He drew down and put it to his temple, looking out on Asa’s trail. He turned to the mountains instead, wishing no ill on Asa. The mountains though, that was about perfect. Mountain’s fuckin’ fault for everything. Bosch wondered about Morgan, why the hell he didn’t leave with him. 
Well, he was leaving, wasn’t he. Gettin’ out, anyway. 
Bosch put the barrel in his mouth. Too far and he gagged. Bent over, eyes bulged and watering, waitin’a puke. He dropped the gun.
It passed. He turned to look for the thing and hit it with his boot. He chased it, bent down again. Wiped it on the hem of his shirt and faced the other end o’ town, toward the cathouse. Nothing that way but south. Moon was out enough, he could take the beans and bottle and walk to the border. Half a day.
Click went the hammer, back to his temple. No. The world wanted him dead, it’d said so. His shitty claim on the mountain said so, the cards said so, Asa said so. And not a thing out there in the darkness would tell him different.
Then the flash. Over the horizon, a green blur.
Bosch lowered the gun and scraped a few steps forward. It was comin’ fast, gettin’ larger. Ten miles, five miles, nothing moved that fast. A mile off it became a horse and rider, sheathed in emerald fire. Flecks of that phantom light followed it, like a cloak o’ gnats. 
The thing crossed into town and on up the street. Bosch raised his iron. The rider had gashes in his chest and legs, pieces of him gone and showing bone and insides. The horse was skinned to its neck, red stars for eyes in that bare skull.
More hunks come loose as the pair collapsed a few yards off. Bosch jumped back for the horse’s shatter of bones and glowing meat. Its rider slammed face first, an arm snapped loose and sliding away. The green light dimmed. 
“Skitch,” the rider said, tryin’a rise on the one arm left.
Skitch. For the sound the matches made Bosch would light as a kid. Pockets full, flicked at other kids, dogs, salesmen. Ms. Carmody goin’ on about his letters.
Bosch fired. Then again and again, hand held over top of the hammer and palming quick. The shots went on through, kicking up dust behind the thing. It ignored this and pushed to its knees. Shouldered off a slab o’ horseflesh that fell with a slap, rib bones sticking up. Half the creature’s face was skull and teeth, but Bosch knew his own brother.
“Morgan?”
Morgan Bosch reached into his filthy shirt, the arm just sticks n’ twine. Purple guts and black bladders, lungs and kidneys, heaped on his lap and pulsed their soft green aura. Then the rotted hand come out, a gold disc held to a chain ‘round his neck. 
He gave it a snap and the rest of his face poured off. Like beige milk and warm preserves, right off the skull. His jaw yawned and hung by a hinge. All of him fell to sloppy wet bones and spread in a greasy pool. The arm clattered on top, handbones popping apart around that disc. They scattered like dice and the disc itself clanged against Bosch’s boot. 
Bosch dry clicked at it, then the pile itself. He let the gun drop and drew his other. The barrel caught top of the holster and fell from his fingers. He watched the green fire burn low. Watched it hiss to steamy threads into the sky and drift off. South.
The bones shifted with the sound of smooth, flat rocks settling in a shallow pile. Moonlight slimed up the awful white freshness of them, the shiny knobs of hips and elbows, slick like the slurp of some fat tongue. It stank, all of it, but Bosch wasn’t breathing anyway. 
When he did, he coughed and turned and puked on his guns, his boots. He crashed to his knees, arms loose on his thighs. Head lolling, he twitched out a hiccup o’ beans and booze that slid down his chin.
When he fell to his side he was either dead or done. Pissing himself said he was dead, as he’d heard that was their affliction as well.
His head smacked the dust and brought a mist of tiny stars to his eyes. He picked one and made it grow enough to fill his head. Nothing to see anywhere, it was all white.
Bone white.
Chapter 3
THE BONES
Bosch winced for the orange headache under his lids. He blocked it with an arm and tried to sit up. His hand cracked a paste of dried puke beside him. Glimpses of bone and metal through a painful squint as he got his legs going. He shuffled off, head down against the light, his attic singin’ for the booze n’ sun an’ no water what had to be most of a day.
Around back of Asa’s he let himself topple against the well, then pulled up a bucket. He drank and drank and dumped the rest over his head. He sent it down and drank some more and took the rest inside.
Sloshed down next to the beans, he sucked out the big spoon and ignored the flashes of wet veins threading over his face and arms. The bones being gnawed behind him and let thunk to the floor. Morgan in the doorway, skeleton trembling as he reached out…
“FUCK!”
Bosch threw the pot through the batwings, its rim hitting one and spraying beans over the porch and into the street. He stared after it and kept chewing his mouthful. He licked the spoon and went out the porch. Sat and scraped it through the mess and tried not to think south.
He got the last few bites with his fingers and sucked ‘em clean and picked some off his shirt. Went back inside and drank more water. Poured the rest over his head again and patted it into his shitty, stuck on, puked on, pissed in clothes.
Weren’t no bones in the street. Fuck that. No gold necklace. He wiped his mouth and unscrewed the bottle on the table and sat. He rolled a smoke, not shaking that much. He looked around for a match.
“Fuck.”
The lantern was there, burned out. He went around the bar, palm slapped on the hardtop and peeked behind. He about wiped a tear. Box of matches there on a folded rag. He lit up and went to the wings, staying shaded just inside. 
Thing was, there weren’t bones out there. But if he checked and there wasn’t, he was a man tryin’a convince himself he was sane. He checked and there was, well, it was the world gone crazy and fuck if he just didn’t have enough left to take on the goddamn world.
So he smoked. Went back and sat down and pulled over the bottle. The swing of his hips was noticeable without the weight of his guns and he told himself he left ‘em somewhere. Maybe back the cathouse when he talked to Doc. Maybe not.
Made sense why he’d imagined last night, he missed his brother. And booze turned a man’s wheels. Lord knew, frontier had a strangeness to it besides. No one stood on it too long without seeing somethin’. Shades rotting away on horseback, Injuns turned to animals. Any man knew if the Devil got bored he’d sit down at your campfire.
But Morgan didn’t pray in circles on the ground. Didn’t own certain books, didn’t foul the dead. Boy had a soft head when it suited him, but kept things this side of Heaven. Singer was about as like, which was why the two got on together. Why pick through a mountain, they’d said, when there was some whole blessed temple full of gold just waitin’? 
“C’mon with, Skitch.”
“Forget it.”
“My old map ain’t lie,” said Singer, leaned over the table. Kept his voice low while the saloon played on. “Have wagons creakin’ onna way back we’re so rich.”
Bosch sighed and stood. Tugged his brim to the man and patted his brother on the shoulder.
“Roust me ‘fore y’leave tomorra.”
“You sure?”
“’Night, Morgan.”
“Awright, Skitch.”
Bosch ain’t seen anyone with a wagon o’ temple gold last night. He’d seen what he come to think on when he got moody. Morgan in some fix, needin’ help. Hat in his hand, toes scuffin’ the dust. Damn sure, he wished the man would come back, but he was off makin’ a kingdom of his own. Prob’ly buyin’ every hacienda they had down there.
“Skitch.”
And that hand reached for him.
Bosch slammed the bottle on the table, bang! bang! like some judge calling for order.
“Quiet!” he barked.
He’d seen a vision, true enough. But just his loose thoughts conjuring nonsense in a poor state. Pity and poorness and booze making him play the fool. He’d nearly beefed himself, was how stupid he’d been. What would a brother think, comin’ to find that out? 
No, Morgan was Bosch’s luck. His where to go. Nathan Bosch had left that to his boys when he gone to sickness after that bite. Said the boys had been his own luck and a reason to keep on and now, Morgan was Bosch’s. Left that to him, his pa did, along with his name.
Nathan Bosch had never been Nathan to a soul, only ‘Bosch’ and when he was dead, young Skitch was only ever Bosch from then on. Man of the family, man of the world. Morgan beside him the whole way and a reason to keep goin’. Was why he’d let him head on with Singer, Bosch supposed. Kept in town himself, kept the claim. Have somethin’ waitin’ for the little shanney when he got back.
True, it went sour when Morgan left. True, Bosch started the bottle heavy. True, he started gambling harder to make up for losses. That was all so. But, if Morgan was truly dead, then Bosch would be, too. Like when they spoke by staring at each other, like twins do. One thought what the other thought and knew it. If Morgan was gone, well, the world itself would prob’ly turn on Bosch like that. Rip the path out from under and drop him into the earth.
Last night was booze talkin’, not his brother. Some dark notion ain’t made him bet the horse. Morgan’s moment o’ death ain’t turned that third deuce to a trey. Bosch ain’t been so overcome by what he secretly knew that he wanted’a kill himself. 
The hell with that.
Hell with gettin’ up now and takin’ a long drink on his way outside, too. He wasn’t gonna push through them wings and go see his brother’s bones lyin’ in the street.
The hell with that.
Chapter 4
THE MASK
Bosch finished crossing himself where he stood over the bones. He wasn’t religious, so much as superstitious, but it come out the same deal. A man had a soul and lived under certain obligations. He was evil, got in League, he paid a price. Maybe hooks and knives, maybe fire. He was good, sat Proper, maybe he was some king on a cloud. Played his harp. Shee-it, maybe he just got left alone. Bosch wouldn’t mind that one, fuck no.
The bones were blown clean by the wind or sun or whatever forces had plans for him anymore. No blood, no veins or meat. Some bits o’ cloth stuck in the grooves. A deuce of hearts, too. Morgan’s lucky deck. 
His skull gaped on its side where it rolled away. Jaw still half on. Gunbelt hooped around his jumbled pelvis. A boot stood up next to this.
Bosch considered the horse as some strange machine, dropped from the sky and left to puzzle better men. Men with ink n’ schemes to fathom how it all fit together. Saddlebags sat under a thigh and a portion of the notched snake spine laid a curve like it might crawl off if the mood struck.
The amulet sat just shy of it all, some in the dirt, most in puke and blood. Bosch toed it and flicked an eye to his brother. Undid his own empty holsters and let ‘em drop, then shook Morgan’s clean. Put those on and pulled the pistols out, shoving each one back to get the feel. Remingtons. 
Toed some for the man’s flask and bent to move a bone out the way. Wiped the brushed metal on his thigh and wedged it in a front pocket. A black slouch was rolled against the cathouse porch. Bosch slapped it on, not all sure where his own hat was or when he had it last. He grunted up the saddlebags onto a shoulder. Looked south out of town, then back down at the amulet. He sighed and knelt and got ahold.
The crack back of his skull was all in his mind. It had to be. No one could hit that hard.
Now he hovers over a scene in a vast, sunken room. Vaulted ceiling with carved arches in the walls. No windows, but there’s ledges to crouch on. Bronze, naked folks on ‘em, sweating, faces painted. They cheer down to the floor below, crowded with their brothers and sisters, all waving knives. An altar in the middle of ‘em, made o’ black marble. 
A man in a golden mask at the head of this, barechested. Some animal loincloth, his shoulders tufted with a cowl of grass and feathers. Snakes wrapped around each arm. A gal strains against her shackles on that dark, stained stone. Not a stitch on her. Man raises his knife to the gods to beg some favor. Torches throw oily smoke. The blade comes down on a grunted scream. Blood spurts. 
Bosch took a few steps to catch himself while the scream gleamed along the slope of his ear. He dropped the amulet. Stayed on his palm though, chain dangling. His shadow stretched up the storefronts for the sun at his back. He was awkward posed, knees bent some. He shook his shadow arm, that black hand on the end tryin’a drop the fucker.
It slid, tacky with syrup that wasn’t there. Like it knew better. Bosch wiggled it off the tips though, slow enough he had time to grab the chain with his other hand. The saddlebags shifted and he shucked ‘em back up. Held the disc out front of him. The day shone on it, long, sharp rays spiking off the curve. 
A pair of heads stamped in the middle, back to back, tongues out. Lightning shot in fat bolts from behind. Strange letters chomped in a circle ‘round the edge. Same thing on the other side, but the heads had beaks like birds, almost touching and lightning poked the other way. 
Morgan brought it, so Bosch listened. Listened what the thing had to say. Tell him of a way south, about goin’ south where it come from. To a pyramid in the jungle, a ziggurat full o’ ghosts and screams and a man with a knife. Half a day to the border, done and done, but a whole ways farther after that. 
Months, on foot.
Bosch hung the chain on and walked to Asa’s, threw the saddlebags on the table to go through. Horseshoe, some nails. Hoof pick, tin of sardines, tortillas. Bloody shirt, some greasy butcher’s paper, wadded up. Jar of marmalade, long knife, gloves, coffee. Small cook pot. Canteen, some matches, handful o’ various ammo tied in a bandanna.
He left it all and headed out, checked some other places around. Mostly furniture too big or done with to bother taking. Few cans on shelves, dented and dusty. Some plates and spoons. Phonograph horn, a bonnet. A granny boot, the heel gone. 
This, upstairs of the cathouse. Prob’ly Marlene’s, she wore those type. Back down, he glanced through the door of Doc’s office but didn’t go in. He didn’t figure the snakes were there. He was sure they wasn’t. So sure, he didn’t need to go look.
He stood out by the bones, or truly, by Morgan’s skull. Thumped the dried puke off his own gun and stuffed it front of his belt. Then the other, behind. He kept moving, looking for food, money, something to hold water. He found some spurs under a smashed up bedframe might fetch a few bucks.
Back the saloon with a blanket then, and a dime novel missing its cover and two inches o’ wine with a cork. He dumped that and filled it at the well, then the canteen and slung it on. 
He knifed a hole in the blanket for a serape. Repacked the bags and tossed the trash, the shirt and whatnot. He palmed Asa’s box of matches off the bar and stuffed ‘em in his jeans top the five bucks. The rag too, corner of it thumbed in his back pocket.
He stood out by the bones again, or truly, by Morgan’s skull. Picked it up and hooked the jaw on. Raised it to look in the eyes. Tucked it in with the rest and got moving.
Chapter 5
THE BORDER
Bosch walked rest of the day, brim tugged down, small sips from the wine bottle. He’d stop to piss or shit and when it was time, eat. Sardines with a few of the stale tortillas. The sun come hard, but only for the first hour or so, bein’ afternoon. He’d go some more in the dark, sleep it up, finish the next day. Half a day was half a day’s ride, so twice that on foot, at least. He kept his eyes front, south. His legs knew where to go.
Only thing between him and the border was a few shacks right on it. Border town they called it, but shacks was more accurate. Trading post, though. He could sell the spurs, the knife, his puked-on Smiths. With Asa’s fin, maybe stock a horse. That meant stealing one but he didn’t stand on politeness much anyway. Sure as fuck wasn’t gonna just to chase Morgan’s mess.
He made a fire couple hours after sundown and ate the marmalade and some more tortillas. Stared at the dime novel, sometimes picking out a word or two before tossing a page in the flames. He smoked and rolled up the rest of his pouch into a last couple doers. Put ‘em in his shirt pocket and threw the pouch on the blaze. He pulled out his bottle and drank it off. 
He talked to Morgan’s skull. Did this quiet, like across their beds when they were kids. He remembered the time they rolled pumpkins off the roof and tried jumping Pa’s plow horse over the fence. Morgan sat two months with his leg in a splint, Bosch limping himself until it was healed. He smiled, thinkin’ on that. He slept.
He awakens back in the vaulted chamber, empty now. The black altar is cold, tacky blood shining in the torchlight. The golden mask and knife hang from leather thongs on the corner of it. He picks up the mask and puts it on. Feels the weight of snakes on his arms.
The entire city appears through the eyeholes, cheering. It’s night, great fires burning at the base of the ziggurat. He shakes his bells and charms and dances his magic shaman dance. The green light flashes across the sky and boom! just beyond the jungle. Bosch turns to the king on his golden throne and bows low, head down between his outstretched arms. The king stands and calls to his people, shouts them to bring back the green light their high priest has pulled from the heavens.
Bosch raises his head slowly, narrowing his eyes over a twisting serpent to regard the throne. Trembling fingertips barely touch one bright, hard leg. He grasps it tight and sucks in a breath. Runs his hand up slick, warm metal to the empty seat.
He smiles. 
Soon.
Bosch kicked awake then, sweeping his boot through ashy orange coals. He swore and scrambled back and slapped embers off his jeans. Still some dark left. 
Cactus water gave the shits if a man wasn’t used to it, but Bosch had some tolerance. Tromped a few deserts in his day and knew what from what. Knew the woods, too and even some swamp. After their pa passed on, he and Morgan had no choice but to wander. No house, no money. Their ma died givin’ birth and Nathan Bosch never spoke on her family. She wasn’t Injun, that’s all he’d say. His own people was one sister, married off and not even a Bosch no more. Month or two o’ that mess had been more than enough. They’d do their own raising up and come what may. 
So he drank some cactus and picked a few cholla. A little nopal. Then he smoked and poked the fire and watched the sun slide up. Stood and pissed on the flames and scraped the side of his boot over the rest. Belted his guns under the serape and got his bags on.
The shacks appeared a few hours later, sun cutting through gray clouds and pushing his shadow straight off him. It was rainin’ some. Eight, ten shitboxes around the trading post, one of ‘em with a pair of horses outside. Saloon, maybe. Every town had a saloon.
All Mex coming out to watch him, not a word. Mama hoisting a kid on her tit, an old man, two young fools standing in a doorway. Just this side o’ six or seventeen, if that. Two dudes behind these, actual men. Nigger and a gringo, sat at the plank table they called a bar. Nigger turned and Bosch caught his eye between the shoulders o’ them kids. No other horses, a mule tied up beside a shack next to the trader.
Older fool manning the post’s counter, a woman stacking shelves behind him. Rain tattered the roof. Bosch would get enough money, see if he could deal with one of the boys in the saloon. Someone maybe had an old quarter or paint hidden away. The mule looked sturdy enough if it come to that. Long as he made the next town. Bigger place, Bosch knew, but near two days ride.
He clanked the spurs down, the horseshoe and Asa’s five. He’d save the guns. He had a little Spanish and the old man enough English, they got it done. Some corn flour, little Durham, some jerky. Bosch threw in the long knife, traded down to a lockblade with a cook pan thrown in. Gave up the hoof pick and got some more sardines.
Done with that, he got down to business. They jibbered to each other ‘til the old man understood. His cousin or son had a horse, half-hour over the border. Good price for the horse, a little extra for the old man to show him. Bosch thought about the puked on Model 3’s in his bag. The old man flicked a finger at Bosch’s neck. What was that, that there, the finger asked.
Bosch put a hand under the knife hole of his serape and pulled out an inch of chain. The old man could work with that. Bosch wasn’t about to trade the amulet, but the chain, hell, he ain’t thought of it. It wasn’t part of the amulet, part of anything he had to do. Easy enough to part with. 
He tugged the thing free and held it between ‘em. The disc turned, speaking to the old man the way his eyes got bigger. Then he screamed and ducked behind the counter, the first blast of the shotgun coming right through the wood at Bosch’s legs.
Chapter 6
THE SLAVES
Bosch felt the buckshot nip his jeans, then he was firing over the counter with one Susie and cocking the other behind it. The old man was shouting some word, over and over. The woman flapped away behind a curtain. Old man come back up with a coach gun, the second barrel booming. Bosch ducked and fired again. The fool’s arms flopped up against the lower shelves as he fell.
The woman reappeared, tucked around a rifle. She was shouting that same word, lost under the shot. It punched the top of the counter, splinters knocking Bosch from a crouch to his ass. He braced a boot front of the counter and pushed, dropping an iron as he slid across the floor. Her second shot went between his knees, where his chest had been. He brought the other six around and fanned so hard he took a chunk from his palm. One in her hip, two in the stomach, last two shattering jars on the shelves behind her. 
The word died on her lips, but Bosch still heard it. It was all he heard. He got up, banging the cylinder of the Remington on his head for quiet. Then he reloaded, wedged the piece under his arm and bent for the other. More gunshots outside and that word, over and over.
“Shut up!”
He looked toward the door, both Susies low, wondering if he was goin’ out or they were comin’ in. The mama come by way of an answer, eyes whirling, waving a machete. Tits bare and jiggling. Bosch leveled his barrel and shot the bridge of her nose. Back of her head kicked out like bloody fence slats, a spray of brains gobbing onto one of the young fools running up behind. He caught her body and shoved it aside, then shot Bosch in the belly.
He had his hammers back and returned the favor, one, two, the boy giving him one in the arm before Bosch’s third shot took out a cheek and part of the jaw. Kid’s pistol fell and he bent over it, hand to his face. Bosch finished him in the temple and stepped outside.
Shot took out a piece of the doorframe and he fired back, guts like ice when he saw some pigtail girlie with her little .22. Her head blew apart, body splashing in the mud. He spit rain off his lips and strode over, aiming yet. Behind, a knife chokked in his thigh. A little shit reached to pull the blade as Bosch turned. Clipped him with the butt of a Susie and booted his rump as he run off.
Ahead, gunfire in the saloon, a body falling through the doorway. Bosch swung a pistol that way, drawing off when the nigger stepped over the corpse there and fired. Bosch flinched, but the shot was wide. It went to a man he ain’t seen yet, gasping as the round punched his gut. Bosch shot him in the ribs, nigger down the saloon steps now, Peacer finishing up in a few big strides. Another in the belly, one in the head. 
The gringo appeared in the saloon door, holding a dripping arm. Him and nigger both in trapper coats with the fringe, iron on the hip. Just one for the gringo, the nigger on a pair, border style.
“The fuck was that all about?” the gringo shouted. 
Bosch picked up the amulet outside his serape and let it drop back.
“So?” Gringo asked.
Bosch shrugged, glanced at the dead girl in the puddle. Rain pattered coins around her.
“Yer hit there,” Nigger said, holstering up. He looked closer with a squint. “Shit, yer all fucked up.”
Bosch remembered the belly buster and lifted his layers. Sure enough, he had a hole there, just right of his fun button. No blood, but it was red and puckered, like a cigar burn. He felt around back. No exit. Got a fingertip in the shirt hole, upper arm. He felt his hair. Scrapes from the buckshot, one or two went in. Ain’t ducked quick as he thought.
“’Bout you two?” he asked. “Catch any?”
Nigger shook his head. A glance said he wasn’t sure about Bosch’s own state, but wasn’t for asking a man to keep lifting clothes to go poke around.
“It’s fine,” Bosch said. 
Which mighta been true. He checked his hand, a bloodless hunk missing, like a nibble off a wedge of cheese. Looked at the gringo, holding a bandanna to his forearm.
“Machete,” the man said. “Y’keepin’ that?”
Bosch followed his finger and turned at the hips. He pulled the knife out his thigh and wiped on his sleeve. Held it out.
“I’m good, thanks.”
Bosch let it splash in the street.
“Name?” the man asked.
“Bosch.”
“Cray.” Gringo glanced over. “Harley, there.”
Bosch looked at him. 
“Ya did awright,” he said. “Never seen a nigger shoot that good before.”
“Better n’you greaser.” Harley put his hand on a heel. “Or you a prairie nigger?”
Bosch took a step.
“Say it again, boy.”
“Best learn my name, son, or we got troubles.”
“That right?”
“Hey,” Cray said, stepping between. “Enough.”
“I don’t like you,” Harley said, pointing around his friend.
“Good.” Bosch cocked his head at the trading post. “Hate me out the rain, if it’s alla same to you.”
“Jus’ for that necklace?” Cray asked.
Bosch helped himself behind the counter, stepping over the woman, stacking things by his earlier purchases.
“Seems. Know the word they was sayin’?”
“Nope. Harley?”
“Nope.”
Cray grabbed a bottle of rye and some more bandannas. He sat on a couple crates by the wall and got to work on his arm. 
“All I know,” he said, “we was havin’ our drink, fuckin’ barkeep hears the ruckus n’ boom! fuckin’ machete. Swingin’ it around, shoutin’.”
Bosch laid out a few more things and packed the saddlebags, his boots straddling the body of the dead old man. Got a bandanna for himself and wrapped his hand. 
“Then the young guy,” Cray said, “he come in, then that sprout. Shoots at Harley, li’l fucker, and runs over here.” 
Harley lit a greasy black cigarillo and looked around. Cray took a pull off his bottle and dumped some more on his arm.
“Fuckin’ other guy hauls off with a shotgun,” he said, “I handled ‘im. Some third guy, I dunno.”
“I got ‘im,” Harley said.
“Obliged o’ help then,” Bosch said, getting the bags on his shoulder. “Maybe thought we was together or figured gringos’d stick up for another.”
“Could be,” Cray said.
Bosch looked at him. Looked at Harley.
“You boys headed, then.”
“South,” said Harley.
“Huh.”
“You?”
“South.”
“Huh.”
Chapter 7
THE VISION
Bosch was gettin’ close to shootin’ the fool. It’d been a shootin’ day, so far.
“Why he no wit you?” the fool asked.
Bosch convinced Harley and Cray the old man had a horse farther on. Way he laid it out, them two wouldn’t be loadin’ their own mounts like they was, full of trader goods, wouldn’t be splitting the cashbox three ways, if he himself hadn’t brought ‘em his trouble. It worked out for everyone. Get Bosch his own horse, maybe they could help each other south, too. 
They listened, gave the nod. After the rain went, they got on.
Half-hour later, they found the only path leading off the main trail and a shack at the end. Found the cousin or son and tried to keep it civil. Harley was earning his share with some better Spanish, but the cousin kept on English anyway.
“He’s back in town,” Bosch said. “Give ya hunnerd for it, it’s any good.”
“He shoo be here.”
“But he ain’t,” Harley said.
“Thas a prollem, then.”
Bosch drew down with a sigh. A woman peeped behind the half-open door, rifle ready. Another kid, ‘round the corner o’ the house with some shitty Adams. The cousin shrugged. Cray was by the horses, playing with his arm.
“Fuck this,” Bosch said.
“Look hombre,” Harley said, “we got the actual.”
“Dinero no the prollem,” Cousin said. “No my fren wit you. He here, we deal. If no…” He gestured somehow to include the woman and kid both. “We no talk.”
Bosch had the amulet inside his shirt and thought of taking it out. Get it over with. Harley seemed of a like mind. Bosch holstered and threw his eyes at the kid.
“Fuck it, then.”
“Now what?” Harley asked.
Bosch looked at the cousin, his face melting to a skull. The woman ran into the house, on fire. The kid put the Adams in his mouth and pulled the trigger. As the crisp shot echoed into the sky, the house caught and blazed high. They took the horse and everything worked out.
“Hey,” Harley said.
Nothing.
“Bosch.”
Bosch blinked.
“That’s that then,” Harley said.
Cousin slammed the door.
“Guess so.”
“Thought about it,” Harley said, stopped off the side ten minutes later.
Bosch kept walking toward him and Cray, set up next to a stream running along the trail. Not about to have some fool ride bitch on his backside, Harley had said his goodbyes. Bosch had looked at him until he was dead, Cray too, then shrugged and let ‘em go on ahead.
“’Bout what?” Bosch asked.
Cray had his arm to his chest, held tight in his sling of bandannas. He looked tired.
“That necklace,” said Harley. “Lotta old shit down this way. Maybe you know o’ some.”
“Maybe.”
“It a map or somethin’?”
Bosch looked down at the lump under his blanket.
“Could be.”
“Git on, then.”
So Bosch rode bitch, Cray just behind. They thunked over a bridge when the stream cut across, then off the trail and on down the plain. Bosch couldn’t speak to it but said they wouldn’t get anywhere on some damn road. Mountains ahead, there by sundown. The next town, bigger town, day after. 
He took the amulet out over the fire that night, letting Harley look. Man didn’t want to touch it. 
“Olmec or one o’ them like,” he said.
Could be, to Bosch’s mind. Or Inca or Aztec or who fuckin’ cared. He tucked it away and had some sardines and smoked and opened a bottle. Whatever it was meant a temple. Big place a man said was full o’ gold.
“What man?” Harley asked.
“My own brother.”
“How much?” Cray asked, always prodding his wet arm.
Bosch shrugged. He’d keep it simple.
“Jus’ said ‘gold’. My brother went to look, ain’t seen ‘im since.”
“How’d y’git the thing?” Harley asked.
“Mailed t’me.”
“From a temple?”
“Maybe. Came where I was. Note said, come see. Here I am.”
“Jus’ like that,” Harley said.
“Jus’ like it,” Bosch said and threw his smoke in the fire and took a drink.
Cray kept dying on them and did so now, his head falling off and rolling into the fire. Bosch had to stop pretending the fool was even there anymore. All day he fell back from a rifle shot, arrows, or choked and dropped off his horse. Bosch said nothing. Ignored the beetles eating him, coyotes eating him. He said nothing now, the man propped against his rock, boots to the flames. His head sat on its ear beside him.
Next day they worked through the mountain pass and come out, the town a ways off yet. Most of a day, there they’d be. Bosch spent the time ignoring more questions, shrugging at others, goin’ half honest for the rest.
“So where is it?” Harley asked, jouncing a bit in the saddle.
“Didn’t come out,” Bosch said, pressed against his back. He kept his hands planted on his own thighs. 
“No blood?”
“Nope. Lucky shot.”
“Belly shots ain’t lucky. Leg ain’t bled, neither.”
“Keep on movin’, yer fine. Legs use blood for walkin’ n’ whatnot. No room to bleed out.”
Somethin’ Bosch felt should be true. Harley was no fool, but he was sure no doc. They kept on.
Town that evening, a real sprawl, taking two rooms at the nice hotel. No niggers said the clerk, but the dry goods up the way had cots in a loft. Said it real nice but Harley still kept the man’s eyes a beat too long. 
“Yer brother sent it?” he asked, both sitting at the bar off the hotel lobby, watching some cards going on. Brag, it looked like. Stogies and brandy and high collars on the gringos. Big town. Silver town.
“Could be,” Bosch said.
“Where Cray at?”
“Went up after supper.”
“He okay?”
“Prob’ly.”
Cray was dead, though. For real, this time. It was in the air. 
Bosch wasn’t sittin’ right and needed clothes. A bath. He kept gettin’ looks, him an’ Harley both. It’d lead to willows, ‘specially some thinkin’ he was Injun hooked up with a nigger. He stood.
“You goin’ to,” Harley asked.
Bosch nodded outside. It was just about late, but towns like this was always up and around.
“Git fixed up.” 
“Then what?”
Harley had good clothes in his bags and did up for supper in the dining room. Rubbed his boots on his calves for a shine, loaned Bosch a shirt. Rich Mex in there, carving up steaks and chops so the manager let ‘em both in. Fin from the cashbox in his dry, white palm didn’t hurt, neither. 
“‘Then what’, I said.”
Bosch killed his drink and set it down.
He left.
Chapter 8
THE SHADE
Bosch let ‘em finish his shave and sat there in the suds bein’ scrubbed. Gals was all Mex but when he’d tried taking off the amulet, it wouldn’t. They paid it no mind, anyhow. Maybe bein’ Mex had nothin’ to do with it. 
He had no idea when to get out so let the girls tell him he was clean. They ignored his wounds, too. New shirt folded and waiting from the dry goods. Jeans, new vest n’ coat, new boots, Morgan’s hat. Scratched some more blood off the flask and dropped it in a pocket. He called on the shooter shop way to the hotel and woke the man up where he slept in back. New belts, new holsters. 
Harley was still at the bar, twitching himself awake over another drink.
Bosch didn’t know what to tell the man would satisfy him. He wanted to know about the amulet, about Morgan. Didn’t even know what he needed to know, he just knew he didn’t know enough.
“No one mailed you nothin’,” Harley said, swaying on his stool.
“So what.” Bosch waved over a drink.
“So trouble. Man shows up, folks start kill, hic, killin’. Fuck izzat?”
“Couldn’t say.”
“That’s so, then there’s even more trouble. Shit ya can’t see comin’.”
Bosch wasn’t gonna tell him about what he could or couldn’t see.
“Lemme see it again,” Harley said.
He reached for the center of Bosch’s chest, got his hand clipped.
“Forget it.”
“Ya wearin’ it? Lemme see.”
“Too many Mex in here. Forget it.”
“Yer Mex, huh?”
Bosch stared.
“Jew maybe? That it?”
“Ain’t you mind yer own fuckin’ bidness?”
“Fuck you.”
“Fuck you.”
“Less see it.”
“No.”
“Shit, whole town ain’t gonna, hic, fuckin’ gonna kill us.”
“Y’know that?” Bosch waved over another. 
“I ain’t know that, but it ain’t sense.”
“You was there, Harley.”
“It’s fuckin’ voodoo shit, then.”
“Maybe.”
“I ain’t for that.”
“You wanna split, split.”
“I want gold. I wanna know where, hic, where it come from.”
“I tolja.”
“How far?”
Until they got there. Until Bosch got out the jungle and had to stop walkin’ for bein’ at the place. Until he sorted Morgan’s mess.
“Asser me.”
“I ain’t got one, Harley.”
“I got prollems with you, then.”
Like the cousin, sorry as it was, it felt easier just killing him. Not in a crowded thing, though. Down an alley somewhere. Bosch was getting Harley comfortable to it, for a walk somewhere, then let it go. Shit, the man was one hell of a shot. Hard to find, much less one could draw on a man an’ stay calm. 
He turned. Cray was coming down the stairs. Nice suit and bowtie, new bowler, cane over his wrist. He stopped at the bottom step. Adjusted the flower on his lapel with a white glove hand.
“Bosch,” he said.
Bosch nodded.
Cray got a bottle of champagne and worked the cork. Popped it to cheers and bought everyone their own. High times. Bosch watched it long as seemed reasonable, then caught Cray’s eye. The man put his glass on the bar and closed his eyes. He disappeared.
“Bosch,” said Harley. He stubbed out a smoke.
“What.”
The room kept on, playing cards, minding their own. A couple chinks hustled past with some trays o’ food. 
“We goin’ or, or what?”
“Nope.”
“What about this s’loon y’heard?”
“Yer done, Harley.”
“Thought we was take, takin’ some air.”
“Nope.”
“Fuck y’then. See ya tomorra.”
Harley pushed off his stool and weaved to the door. Bosch flicked a hand at him.
“Tomorra.”
Then Harley was out in the gaslight, shoving past the crowds, swearing. Someone almost lost her hat getting by him. She come inside, smoothing her dress.
“Sadie,” Bosch said, too quiet to hear. He caught her arm goin’ by.
“Bosch!”
“You workin’ here?”
“Here n’ there,” she said. “Marlene knows that fella, come through town a month or two back?”
Bosch nodded.
“The silver guy.”
“Silver, gold, whatever. Buys a lotta things.”
“Name?”
“Voss? Grant maybe? Or Roger or something. You stayin’ here?”
“Maybe. Y’got time?”
Sadie smiled.
“Maybe.”
They did their song n’ dance like she might say no. Lotta customers in the joint better off than you, Bosch. That right? Yep. This, with one of her smiles. Fine then, I’ll move on. Now, now, hold on. Let’s say I had time. Yeah? How much? Long enough, she said.
He led her upstairs and lay on the bed. She got on top, hair in his face, squealing when he grabbed her hips. He rolled her over, nose to nose, the amulet touching her throat. 
Headboard not movin’ much. Good bed, no squeaks. She strained beneath him, eyes wide and looking past. Struggled against the chains, screaming as the blood flowed up from a gash between her tits and spurted her chin. Bosch kept on, clenching his jaw, grunting, spitting the flecks off his lips.
“Tomorrow?” she asked.
He sat on the edge of the bed to pull a boot on. Cigarette corner of his mouth.
“Tomorra.”
“Gold or what?”
“Ain’t important.”
“Looks like gold. You always after gold.”
Bosch looked down at the amulet.
“Jus’ some necklace.”
“So why you need a crew, then?”
He grabbed the cash out her hand.
“We done?”
She snatched it back, brow furrowed.
“Don’t be an asshole.”
“See ya, Sadie.”
He buckled his belts on and buttoned his shirt. Holding Morgan’s hat for the sill, he ducked under the window and stepped on the widow’s walk over the street. Kept low, counting down the windows to Cray’s. It was open.
Man lay on the bed, shirt off, eyes wide. Black veins spidered up his arm from the machete slash and across half his chest. He’d been thrashin’, cords on his neck popped, back arched. Had a big grin for the effort. Black blood didn’t come on that fast from rust or shit. Poison, most like.
Bosch cleaned out the fool’s part of the cashbox and patted his dead leg.
“Say hi for me.”
He opened the door a bit, then a bit more, the angle ripe for a maid or someone passing by. Brushed the curtain aside steppin’ back out and shimmied the window closed. He looked down the street, tall palms leaning in clusters, crowds shoving against each other. Smoke from fires, carts creaking through. The moon was high, lighting up white sandstone missions and gleaming red roofs. There were gunshots, a few screams. He lifted his window, sat on the bed. Took out Morgan’s skull and went over some things. 
More gunshots outside. Another scream and Bosch smirked. 
This one from just down the hall.
Chapter 9
THE SPEAK
Bosch shrugged, looking around the dining room for Sadie. 
“Doc said somethin’ in his blood.”
Harley sopped up his eggs and chewed.
“Like what?”
“Do I know? Off that machete.”
“You coulda asked.”
“I was tryin’a find the fuck took ‘is money.”
Harley snorted.
“Shit, tell the fuckin’ hotel that bitch took it.”
“The maid? She’s a fuckin’ chink, Harley. And a fuckin’ maid. Go on, tell me how I tell ‘em apart.”
A waiter poured more coffee. Bosch looked up. Round face, black hair and them damn eyes you couldn’t never see into.
“You tell yerselves apart?”
The waiter pulled out his pad, eyebrows up.
“Food?”
Bosch waved him off.
“Prob’ly him,” Harley said, watching the man bump back through the kitchen doors.
“Who cares? Ain’t worth a fuckin’ hassle. We sell the man’s shit to make up for it.”
Bosch could fold Cray’s trader cash into whatever they got for his gear. Harley didn’t need to know. Bosch just ain’t want him to have his half an’ think about headin’ out or holdin’ out.
“And you know this guy,” Harley said.
“Voss.”
“Who is?”
“Big bug up my way a while back. We talk to ‘im, put a crew together.”
“We need more’n six.”
“We need shooters and a guide or two. Trade ‘em off when we get close to the temple. Fucks up here ain’t gonna know shit for what’s down there.”
“If they got guides for some temple on south, then they got men already gone cleaned it out.”
“It ain’t cleaned.”
“You say.”
“I fuckin’ say.”
Harley lit one of his greasy black cigarillos.
“How.”
Bosch dosed his coffee with the shot served beside. He told Harley he’d spent the night in that temple, watching his followers drag the great green stone out of the jungle. Peering through the golden mask as they’d pushed it into the plaza at the base of the ziggurat. He’d laughed and laughed, holding his snakes up high. No, the temple was not empty. The temple would never be empty.
Harley understood. Together, they rode off to adventure.
“How, Bosch.”
Bosch set his coffee down.
“Them Mex at the border wanted’a beef us for havin’ this,” Bosch tapped his chest with a soft clink. “Why, if ain’t nothin’ there? Why Morgan go after it? Why tell me to come down?”
“Don’t mean he found nothin’.”
“He found somethin’. The Mex ain’t want us on his trace.”
“Speculations.”
“Like I said, you wanna split, then split.”
Harley scissored his smoke and pointed it.
“I ain’t fuckin’ goin’ nowhere ‘til I find the fuck’s goin’ on.”
Bosch stared at him. Harley’s eyes flicked up. Bosch turned at Sadie behind, hand on his shoulder. Her palm wrapped in a bandage.
“Sadie.”
“I’m Sadie.”
Harley was standing, hat off.
“Ma’am.”
Bosch jerked a thumb.
“Whore.”
“Oh,” Harley set his hat on and slumped back in the chair with a sigh.
“Marlene put in a word with the big man,” Sadie said. “Says hi, by the way.”
“Hey, Marlene,” Bosch said, throwin’ some notes on the table. He stood. Sadie had a cut lip.
“Where to.”
“I’m workin’, but it’s the hacienda by the bank. On the way in? It’s his bank.”
Harley snorted.
“We meetin’ a fuckin’ banker?”
“Bankin’, whores, shee-it,” Voss sighed, blowin’ hash in a long stream overhead. “All kinda things.” He gestured across the desk with the hookah pipe on its long tube. “Anyone?”
Bosch shook his head. Things were weird enough. Harley said no thanks.
“Johnnies love a good whiff,” Voss took another hit, the glass vase bubbling. “Damned if we don’t, too.”
They were second floor of his hacienda, parlor with a fireplace and fancy furniture. Shit on the walls, masks, guns, old swords. Voss behind his desk front of a huge window, whores to either side. Packing his pipe, filling his drink. Prowling around with their asses out in them high heels. Mex, nigger, chink, the man didn’t seem to care. 
“Kinda things you need, Mr. Bosch?”
“Men n’ guides. Gear.”
“Where to?”
“South. Some west.”
“How long?”
Bosch stared until the man burst into flames. He screamed in an envelope of blazing tatters, chunks falling off and sizzling on the floor.
“Mr. Bosch?”
Bosch wiped a palm in his eye.
“Hm?”
“How long?”
“No idea.”
“I see.” Voss creaked forward. “Marlene said you’s a friend.”
Bosch doubted it. Marlene never liked Bosch, or him sticking it to Sadie, paid or not.
“Yeah, we go back. Her sister said you was the man here, asked her to pass a message.”
Voss narrowed his eyes.
“I know you, don’t I.”
“Sat across a few times.”
“Ah. Five card or seven. I do both.”
“Five.”
“I win?”
“Nope.”
“Ya here to give my money back?”
“This chitter giving you somethin’ real, or you just on a fuckin’ cloud right now?”
Voss grinned.
“Pretty fuckin’ high, yessir.”
“’Cause you know the score.”
“Guns. A guide.”
“Two guides. Four guns. Mules or a wagon.”
“How far?”
“To the river.”
“Which one?”
Bosch sighed and pulled out the map he got that morning. Stood and slapped it on the desk. He spun it, smoothed it, pointed to the river. Traced it down to a town on the western bank.
“Here.”
“An’ then?”
Bosch sat.
“Leave yer crew, I’ll pick up another an’ go my way.”
Voss sipped his drink.
“Where?”
“Ain’t matter.”
“So git a horse an’ ride on. Y’got a map, don’t need no guide.”
“I need locals knowin’ local folks. Guns for anything in my way.”
“Like what?”
Harley went pfft and rolled his eyes. Voss gave him a glance.
“Who’s he?”
“Partner,” Bosch said.
“Am I, now.”
“In what exact venture?”
Voss held his drink out, a bottle immediately tinking the rim to pour. 
“It ain’t gold or fuckin’ hash or whatever else, Voss.”
“George’ll be fine.”
“George. My own personal thing, ain’t cost no one nothin’. Y’got men, I got pay. They what I need, it’s half here, half on the river once we in town.”
Behind, someone knocked and come in. Big gringo in a planter hat, goatee, long coat. Holding a fine Sharps toward the floor. He thumped a loose bag on the desk, stacks o’ notes peekin’ out. Brown paper package set beside, like wrapped meat.
“Here ya go, sir.”
“Thanks, Rick. Rick Wyndham, this here’s our friend Bosch n’…“
“Harley,” Harley said.
“Partners in a little ennerprise down south. They want some men.” Voss settled back with another creak. “Rick’d go well with yer plans, Bosch. He’s needed here, though. Got a few others like ‘im, though.”
“Locals.”
“Rick’s lived this side most his life. Speaks the spic, knows the land. Any referrals, Rick?”
“Some.”
“Then he an’ I’ll talk about it. Send word on yer hotel ‘round lunchtime.”
Voss caught his man’s eye and gave it back real casual. Bosch could see they were talkin’ plenty already. He whapped Harley’s arm and tugged his brim goodbye. 
They left.
Chapter 10
THE ALTAR
Bosch sold his puked-on Smiths and everything in Morgan’s saddlebags and the bags themselves. He and Harley both put up their take from the trader then all Cray’s things, then went up the hostler for Cray’s horse and tack and sold that, too. 
Then they sat the hotel and waited for Voss to come callin’. They ordered lunch and drank, hats on the bar. Bosch asked for some limes, whole.
Sadie come when they were finished and said Wyndham was waitin’ a few streets up. Came outside and pointed the way. 
He stood in a courtyard boxed behind a laundry and some saloons. Kids played around, a gal leaned on a back door with her tit out, feedin’ a baby. 
“Here they be,” said Wyndham, and swept his arm.
Bosch took in the crew scattered about, on barrels or crates or stood with a boot on a wall, thumbs tucked. Harley kept a hand on a heel as he took in the scene.
They all watched Bosch, all Mex but two. One was Chink, a real fuckin’ John John. Coolie and pajamas, but iron on his hips. Wooden sandals. Another was gringo. Friend of Wyndham’s, name o’ Lombardo, the man said. Vests and shirts layered under his coat, big ass grin under a slouch. Sawed-off in hand. Then four Mex, all crossed belts and bandoliers, sombreros and serapes. Two guides on top makin’ eight total. One o’ these was older than the other. Not too old, but older.
Bosch took a lime from his coat and tossed it high. No one said a word. The Chink and a Mex moved as one and the Chink caught it in a wet burst. Bosch threw one more for the Mex, fist around that Army Colt, some converted ‘60. A big smack up there as it hit. Gal with her tit out winced as a fleck hit her cheek. 
Bosch faked a third throw and the Chink twitched at that, then followed when it flung on up. Then another right after, the rind spiraling off the meat and twirling down. The Chink was damn good. One each then for Wyndham’s friend and another Mex.
“Fuck’s wrong with those two?” Harley asked, pointing.
The last two Mex standing in a pair ain’t moved more than their eyes.
“They kill men, Mr. Harley,” said Wyndham. “Toss a man up, you’ll see something.”
Bosch flung the last two straight at ‘em, stepping aside at the same time. One fired and pulp sprayed Bosch’s sleeve as the bullet zipped by. The other flashed a knife from his serape and swiped, the halves dropping either side of him.
“Fuckin’ works for me,” said Harley.
Bosch grunted. He pulled his map and called the two guides. Spread it on a barrel and tapped around. This town, that village, what was the next town south, east, west. What did they call this or that creek, that turn in the bend. They had local names Harley translated, some older ones they conferred on between themselves. They knew their trade. At least, well as Bosch could piece it from his own understanding, with a few looks at Harley.
Wyndham held out his hand for the money. None of the others seemed to have a problem with this. Bosch had it broken into parcels of different sizes around his pockets, bound with string. He had a figure in mind and Wyndham didn’t disagree by much. 
One large parcel for the men, but with part of a smaller one. Then the rest of that one for the wagon and gear, with a medium one he’d given to Harley so it looked like, one, they was partners, and two, (like parceling it out) as if they only had so much money to begin with.
“We’ll git a wagon fixed up,” said Wyndham, “have it waitin’ outside the hotel first thing tomorrow.”
Then he pocketed the cash and snapped to the crew, everyone behind him through the back of a saloon. Lombardo was last and turned with that grin and a tug of the hat.
“Boys.”
The door slammed.
“So, Voss wants a piece,” said Harley, watching the gal tuck her tit away and head inside the laundry.
“Looks it.”
“Yer whore say somethin’ to him?”
Bosch thought of the amulet, hanging at Sadie’s throat. Her hand and cut lip.
“Maybe.”
“’Least they won’t jus’ kill us outright for the cash and ride on back.”
“They’ll wait’n see our play at the river.”
“Which is what.”
“Kill ‘em outright.”
“That for real?”
“If they push on it.”
“No guides, then.”
“Guides can stay.”
Harley pulled out a bent cigarillo. It wobbled between his lips as he patted himself for a match.
“How much fuckin’ gold’s in this place?”
Plenty, but there could always be more. The city mines for their king, but when Bosch puts them to work on the green stone, they work that much harder. The snakes writhe along his arms as he urges them on. Reaches into their minds and guides their chisels. Night and day, they never get hungry. Never sleep. His new altar begins to take shape.
Twisted in his bedsheets that night, Bosch broke into a sweat. The black altar brought down the green stone and blood upon that would bring down the gods themselves. The real gods. The star gods.
He reached out in his dark room, fingers clenching. They will honor these visitors with great gifts. Mountains of bars and oceans of coin. The temple will be filled for them, given to them. Grunting, snarling, Bosch thrashed his head on the pillow. 
But this city will need a king worthy to receive them, yes. A priest-king. A king worthy to kneel before these monsters and offer them the world…
Bosch awoke, batting off the damp blanket. Light through a split in the curtains, but only just, like the sun simply had better things to do. He swung off and stood at the bureau, a little water from the basin on his face and neck. 
He stood back from the mirror and prodded the wound in his belly. Not healed, not bleeding. He looked at the hole in his arm, his thigh. At the curtains, yanking them aside with a wince. He thought about shaving, got dressed.
The schooner was out front after breakfast, a four-team harnessed. Big canvas top curved over, wooden ribs underneath to hold it. He watched through the front window of the dining room as it pulled up. Took a last bite and threw his fork down. Harley lit a cigarillo and caught his eye. Wyndham’s boy Lombardo waved ‘em on out, all smiles. They got up.
Couple kids rode Harley’s horse over for him from the hostler. Bosch threw his leg over an Appaloosa, all packed up. Older guide on the wagon, the other hanging his heels in back. Everyone else danced their mounts in place ‘til it was time. 
Then Bosch rode ‘em outta town, past the bank, past the hacienda. Voss and Wyndham stood at the big window up top, watching them go.
Chapter 11
THE SKULL
Bosch didn’t talk up the crew first night, him and Harley crouched a ways from the fire. None of ‘em got too loud, looked too much their way. A few held Bosch’s eyes a beat, then swept their eyes off, like they was just glancin’ around. Lombardo always friendly, that big smile, hand out. Biding his time. Bosch ignored him. 
He slept against a rock, new coat for a pillow. Morgan’s gun in his lap, under the serape. Harley kept watch a few hours, watching a Mex watching him, then woke Bosch. Bosch rolled a smoke and watched the Chink, taking over for the Mex.
He took out Morgan’s skull, some to talk, the rest to fuck with the Chink. Chink didn’t like that. He kept spitting, scowling, makin’ handsigns to the sky.
Morgan told Bosch he’d been right about the trading post. They were the puppets of powerful forces, powerful priests. Not the man with the snakes, no. This was something else. A sect taking souls at the post to get the amulet back. Priests in red robes. They were talking now, in the depths of the ziggurat. Talking quiet with no words, like brothers in a cause. If Bosch found the temple, they said, all was lost. 
Harley took over again and Bosch caught a couple more hours. Finger on the trigger, snapping awake when wood popped in the fire. He didn’t trust Harley, but they had no reason to fuck each other up just yet. 
He closed his eyes and looked through the golden mask, the new altar nearly complete. He twitched and mumbled a strange word. Ran into the trading post, waving a machete. Felt his tits bare and jiggling. Watched himself fire his Susie. Felt the back of his head explode. 
Next morning he and Harley rode out front again, guides bitching it up from the wagon again. There was a map to follow, no need for lesser trails and fields or flats with no trails at all. Bosch heard ‘em, but listened to the amulet. Fuck you need us for, then? they asked. Bosch ignored ‘em. Amulet knew where they were going, was why. How to get there was something else entire.
So it went, wagon bouncing over rocks and rabbit holes, shooters fanned out to either side. One of these was always well back, watching their trace. Bosch glanced around it all every so often and come up with names. Lombardo been the only one introduced and he and Harley barely caught a few others from conversation.
Soto was the older guide. The other guide, Bosch decided, was just Not Soto. For the Mex shooters, one went by Cantú. Trailing wisps of gold thread from some big deal church scene coming loose on his serape. The two with the attitudes were Mex 1 and 2. 1 had his pistols, 2 the knives. 2 had pistols besides, decent Smiths, he just liked the blades. Last one Harley called Fat Hat, for the sombrero big enough to bathe in, little balls danglin’ from the rim. The Chink, it turned out, was Feng, but the Chink to Bosch. He wasn’t sure the man had a whole head under that coolie, which never come off. 
There was nothing to speak of that second day or the third. Days spent with Soto or Not Soto calling out to get Bosch and Harley left or right of a gully, steer ‘em to water, head for nothing villages to get a trade goin’. They checked this or that with Bosch himself but always followed with a look at Lombardo for the real okay. 
Third night, Bosch gave in and passed a bottle to the man over supper. More a hassle puttin’ up with his fuckin’ grin than speaking to him. He didn’t press Bosch on what was waiting at the river. They ate, smoked. Mex 2 got drunk and threw knives in the side of the wagon.
Lombardo mentioned the skull next day, ridin’ up beside. All the Mex bein’ religious, he said, and Feng praying to dragons and whatnot. Bosch said he’d found it, just havin’ fun with the Chink. Lombardo didn’t buy that but couldn’t figure a truth, neither.
“A fuckin’ skull?” Harley asked, when the man rode off.
“Found it.”
“Where?”
“Up the mine I was at. Some argo, thought it maybe had gold teeth, then jus’ kept it.”
Harley snorted and flicked his ash. He poked the cigarillo corner of his mouth and looked away. 
“Christ you fuckin’ lie.”
That night Bosch walked out the desert and sat under the moon. The red priests are watching, Morgan said. They’d possess the souls of those nothing villages they passed, but the blood wasn’t theirs. A man at the trading post, distantly, dimly related to the red priests’ people, let them take control of that place. But such a thing was so very rare. Bosch nodded and lay back under the stars. He set the skull on his chest. He slept.
The king is pleased with his high priest. He is honored by the green altar and the coming of the star gods. He believes all of this is for him. 
But his people fail to kneel as quick, now. They avert their gaze as he calls down from the ziggurat. He sees them whispering in the corners. He grows suspicious of his priest.
Bosch twitched at the click, unclick of a hammer. 
“Get up,” Lombardo said.
He opened his eyes. The sun was shining, the man’s silhouette head bent over him. It looked toward Bosch’s feet. The Chink and Cantú stood either side there, hands to their heels.
“We been talkin’ about that skull, Bosch.”
Bosch stood, catching the thing rolling off his stomach.
“Y’all bitched already. I took it out o’ camp.”
“Fetch it here,” Lombardo said.
Bosch held it tips of his fingers.
“Take it.”
“Feng knows from fixes. Says you got a fix goin’ on.”
Feng said something in Chink and spat the ground.
“Says you talk to the Devil.”
“Figured we’d wait on this,” Bosch said.
“What.”
“This.” He looked toward camp. Harley sat on the wagon’s dropgate, smoking, not seeming to mind a thing. “Y’all try’n square us away. Yer jumpin’ the gun.”
“We’ll get you where you need to be. Nothin’ says ya gotta show up in any respectable shape.”
Bosch tossed him the skull and swung a roundhouse for the Chink. Turned and grabbed Cantú then, threw ‘im into Lombardo. They tangled ‘round and by the time anyone had a Susie out, Bosch was levelin’ his. He stepped back, barrels darting head to head.
“Skull stays. I do what I want, we part ways at the river. Hear?”
The Chink wiped his bloody nose and sniffed. Lombardo kicked the skull at Bosch’s feet.
“Guess so, then.”
“We done here?”
Lombardo grinned.
“Sure thing, Bosch.”
Chapter 12
THE MOON
Bosch looked at Harley.
“That right?”
“Yep. They wouldn’a killed you.”
They swayed in their saddles out front, Not Soto driving the wagon. Soto himself sat beside, filling a pipe.
“Ain’t worried they kill me,” Bosch said and took a drink. “Worried it went that far.”
“Fuck I should do, Bosch? Stand in front all eight of ‘em? Had me covered.”
“Say somethin’.”
“Maybe I did.”
“Uh huh.”
“Toss it.”
Bosch tossed him the bottle. He wasn’t worried anyone could get the drop. Morgan woulda spoke on it. They didn’t do watches even, last two nights. Bosch just wanted ‘em the first couple so then they could stop, like they was buildin’ trust. Harley didn’t like it, kept bitching how every noise woke him. Said last night with Bosch gone, he couldn’t get a wink.
“I’d a known.”
“How?” Harley asked. “Fuck you know what camp’s doin’, you ain’t in the fuckin’ camp?”
Bosch tapped his serape, the amulet jingling underneath.
“That so?” Harley tossed the bottle. “You fuckin’ voodoo now?”
“You said this all was voodoo.”
“When.”
Bosch drank.
“Up the hotel. Pissin’ n’ moanin’.”
“When?”
“Leave it, Harley. Get my back, I’ll get yers an’ we both in clover.”
Not Soto called out, waving them off to the side. Half a bit that way, Harley translated, small creek nearby. They watered the horses. Salt flats was coming, Not Soto said. Good road through it, but that was a day to the east. Way they was headed, south and west, it was straight, flat nothin’. Two more days to the mountains beyond.
“Go at night, then,” Bosch said, bending to fill a canteen. “Camp out the heat ‘til late afternoon.”
Lombardo agreed. Bosch ignored him.
“They do it?” Bosch asked. 
Harley asked. Soto and Not Soto nodded. They could travel the flats at night. Certain parts, anyway.
“Meanin’ what?”
“Say some parts we gotta curve around.”
“We ain’t curve nothin’. Straight on.”
Harley spoke to Soto. Glanced at Bosch gettin’ boots in the stirrup.
“Say it’s haunted.”
Back on their trail they rode ‘til noon and camped up. The flats couple hours off, yet. The guides both cooked usually and Mex 2 wasn’t bad, neither. They’d set up on the wagon’s dropgate, everything made there, then taken to the fire. Beans and potato pancakes. Fat Hat got a couple rabbits. They lay around, slept in rocks or tree shade. Hour after sundown they headed out.
“Fuck me, that’s creepier’n you,” Harley said.
They were reined in edge of the flats, way off mountains carved against a blue-dark sky shaken with stars. The moon dripped it was so full. The world stretched on, shone white, and raced with cracks. Bosch wedged his Susies down the holster, tugged his brim. Hyah! come the cry and he snapped the reins and charged into it. Harley cursed and kicked heels in pursuit.
“Hyah!”
Soto called out then and the crew all shouted and give chase. The wagon hummed, thumping over breaks in the ground. Irons out, hammers clicked, the shooters like as not wonderin’ if Bosch had seen something. 
“The fuck we runnin’ for?” Harley shouted, tryin’a catch up. 
Bosch checked the man corner of his eye and smiled. He had nothin’ for ‘im. Something was pulling him in, crying out to be seen and heard. Crisp flames licking dry lips, swarming over screaming men tied to iron crosses. Knives slashing, rifles cracking. Serape billowing behind, his eyes narrowed to a fraction of a second like these scenes would appear and be arrived at. It went on and on.
“Bosch!”
He wrenched the reins down ‘til his horse pawed the air. Lombardo drew in beside with a gust of foam and gasping, his mount trembling and glossy under the moonlight. Bosch reached under his wrap for a smoke and stared around the empty plain.
“The fuck’re you up to?” the man cried.
Harley was tryin’a quiet his horse, dancing half-circles. Hand on a Susie as the other shooters bounced to a halt. The wagon was a ways back, but coming quick. Bosch licked closed and thumbed a match.
“Hey!” Lombardo barked.
Bosch exhaled a cloud on the match and flicked it. He flapped his reins softly and trotted on.
“Let’s go.”
Just before sunup, they made for a small outcrop they had an eye on. High enough, wide enough, it’d throw some real shade. They could park the wagon there and lie underneath. Once noon rode in give it three, four hours. They’d be pourin’ sweat, but that was that.
They corralled the horses to the wagon and Soto rubbed ‘em down, then the wagon team itself. Mex 1 bent all their hooves up and went through with a pick. They ate a cold lunch, then Bosch helped Not Soto haul down a cask o’ water. They dipped hats for the animals to drink and soaked some blankets to drop on their heads. 
Alla rest was waitin’ around. Bosch and Harley lay under the wagon ‘til noon was done, then the shade of the outcrop. The crew was in the schooner, or under it once he and Harley were gone. They all got to mumblin’ then, concerned sounding, while Bosch smoked and gazed into the high blue sky. Lombardo’s deep voice, the Chink chirping his ching-chong in reply. The words was nothin’, but the meaning was clear. They hated Bosch like a religion. And they were scared.
Harley strained to listen anyway.
“They think yer in League,” he whispered.
Bosch settled back and dropped his hat over his eyes.
“So d’you.”
“I think yer fuckin’ voodoo.”
“There a diff’rence?”
“Big diff’rence.”
Morgan got him up late afternoon. Woken him twice already, once when Fat Hat pissed other side of the outcrop, then come around and watched Bosch sleep a few meaningful seconds. Then again, when Lombardo slid out the wagon for a snack. He’d squatted by his horse to eat from a jar of pickles, sucking brine off his fingers while he filled his mind with terrible thoughts.
For this, Bosch plucked up his hat and shot a smile. Lombardo chewed and licked his lips. Bosch held him a beat, then put the hat back. He shifted his shoulders against the rock, like snugging into a thick, comfortable bed. 
They set off at sundown. The sky seeped black, stars gleamed. The flat sheared on and on. Bosch rode calm out front, wrists crossed over his saddlehorn. He took a hit off a pint and tossed it to Harley. Glanced at the moon and wondered if this was what it’s like up there. All white, cracked and glowin’.
Up ahead, a town took shape.
Chapter 13
THE TOWN
Bosch smiled. Half mile off it sat, a ruin of shapes, all black. Crooked doors and broke windows. He turned in the saddle. The wagon thumped behind, the others seeming to canter a step back for every two forward. The clop-click of hooves and nervous whinnies were like music, though. End to end, flowing one glass to another, back and forth.
He’d take ‘em all inside and they’d find somethin’ out, every one. Either this crew was with him or not. Harley would believe, or not. Lombardo would bide, or not. No need to wait for some showdown past them mountains. River wasn’t the thing, now. Who came and who went got decided here, at this place.
“No!” one of ‘em shouted.
All night they’d been muttering, ridin’ in close knots. Something was out there, they said. They needed to go around. Curve around, before it was too late. Bosch just waved ‘em on.  Wasn’t nothin’ to curve around. We go straight. 
Now there it was and they couldn’t help themselves. It was a naked woman, a bloody shootout. A man hung from a tree. They couldn’t look away.
“Señor!” cried another. Cantú, maybe. “Por favor!”
Bosch clip-clocked on, Harley right beside. He didn’t look back, but the others had stopped. No hooves, no saddle creaks. No more muttering. He could feel ‘em lined up either side o’ that quiet wagon. Watching. 
“We won’t go, Bosch!” Lombardo shouted. 
Bosch kept on. Toward the jumbled stack of that town, toward leaning stores and the empty mission. The clapped together shacks and half-gone hotel. Bought out, dried out, left to sit in the sand an’ salt. Left to blacken in the deeper dark of the mountains. Harley let out a slow breath and squeaked his fist in a snarl of reins. But he kept on. 
Bosch kept on. 
A tumble of hooves then and Lombardo brought his horse up tight beside.
“Bosch, they say no! We cut around!”
Rocking with the slow canter of his animal, Bosch pulled out his pouch and bible and pinched up a smoke. They were almost there.
“Nothin’ wrong with this place,” he said. 
“Soto says it ain’t right. Rivera say it ain’t right.”
“Who?”
“Who? The fuckin’ guide. We got two fuckin’ guides!”
Bosch swiped a match under his thigh.
“They don’t know.”
“They fuckin’ know. This is haunted ground.” 
Bosch swung his head over, like it was heavy. He cocked an eyebrow. 
“Shades?” 
Lombardo stuck his tongue out, long and forked.
“Hssssssssss!”
Bosch stared into cat-slit eyes and curved snake fangs. He blinked it away.
“Shades,” said Lombardo. “Stop the fuckin’ horse.”
“You ‘fraid?”
Lombardo wasn’t someone to go there easy, but he was no fool.
“I heard things.”
“Relax. Have a pickle.”
“Serious things, Bosch.”
They was in shadow of the town now, pushed toward ‘em by the moonlight.
“We all hear things,” Bosch said. “Even see a few.”
First ranch he and Morgan worked after their pa died, it was only a week ‘fore the thing come out the hills and tore up that heifer. Like a bear, but horned and stood like a man. They’d watched from the barn all night and ran like hell come sunup.
“Harley?” he asked.
“’Fraid?” Harley said. “Shee-it, figure I stay behind you, I might be awright.” 
The town drew up to greet ‘em. Laundry, whorehouse, dry goods. Rooster on a weathervane. Roofs creaked, signs swung. All black, blocky shapes against the sky.
“We go through,” said Bosch.
“We can’t,” said Lombardo. “Fuckin’ map says we –”
“We ain’t on some map. Pass we want cuts through them mountains straight after.”
“Ain’t no pass on the map, son.”
“I know.”
“An’ this place ain’t neither!”
“I know.”
“Just fuckin’ stop!” 
Bosch sighed and drew in right at the edge of things. Tall, worn posts either side of the entrance, support beam across. Chains dangling down for a sign long gone. He peered in at boardwalks half-sunk, saloon wings hangin’ by a screw. Something squeaked down the street, the wind spinning an overturned wheel, maybe.
A horse rattled up behind. Bosch turned. Fat Hat was comin’ fast, holdin’ his hat on.
“Por favor!” he cried. “Tu no debes ir a ese lugar!”
Crew was still a cluster of dark shapes ‘round the wagon, standing in a pool of their own shadows.
“Por favor!”
“Fuck’s the problem?” Bosch asked.
Fat Hat reared up, his horse swiping the air a bit before clomping down. The little balls on his hat wobbled.
“Hay fantasmas aquí! Estamos muy cerca del otro mundo!” 
Harley winced.
“Well, that ain’t good.”
“What,” Bosch said.
“Shades. Says there’s some other world in there.”
“Says we’re close to another world,” Lombardo said. “The next world.”
Harley flicked a hand.
“Whatever. We goin’ or not?”
Bosch nicked his mount under them chains.
“Tu nos vas a maldecir a todos!” 
Lombardo clapped, once.
“Bosch, god-dammit!”
Bosch’s horse touched the street between the posts, just the one hoof, but come down at an intersection middle of town. Nothing moved, nothing blurred. He was simply there. The cutout of the mission, the cathouse, the hotel, surrounded him. Harley too. Fat Hat, Lombardo, they were all in it, now.
“How’d you do that?” Harley whispered. End of his cigarillo was a soft, orange crackle in the blackness.
“Didn’t do shit.”
"Todos, estamos condenados!” The Mex wailed. “Los espíritus nos reclamarán!"
“What the fuck, Bosch?” Lombardo hissed.
There come cries and clicked hammers then, more shouts in Spanish. Bosch angled his horse around and held up a hand for quiet. The crew jostled around the wagon at their own intersection a street back, entrance posts jutting into the moonlight behind ‘em. Saddles creaked, horses snorted. Soto and Rivera snapped on their team to turn the wagon around. 
“Leave off!” Bosch yelled.
“Ellos vendran por nosotros!” Soto cried.
“Fuckin’ dummies.”
Crew broke apart to let the guides manage, a few leadin’ the way toward the posts. Fat Hat made to follow with a word at Lombardo.
“No,” was the answer and he patted his horse quiet. It was apparent he’d take his chances with Bosch, given their new circumstances.
So Fat Hat fled, melting into the jumbled chaos of the crew. All had themselves pointed toward the posts and rode hard, but not a one moved. They almost seemed to get a bit smaller for the effort, but it was just some trick of that jerky movement. They stayed silhouettes, pinned against the blue-black sky. Visible in the surrounding darkness only for the occasional bounce of a rider or slap of the reins. The dust they kicked churned in a cloud beneath ‘em. It had nowhere to go.
“Fuck am I seein’?” Lombardo asked. 
Bosch smoked and slipped silver ribbons from his nose.
“They’ll figure it out.”
Chapter 14
THE TRAP
Bosch couldn’t explain it, even if he wanted. It was what it was. That crew could ride forever if they liked and never reach the entrance. If the world moved beside ‘em to suggest great strides, or their own head told ‘em only seconds passed, it made no difference. They’d stay where they was and so would that entrance. The town had ‘em. 
Lombardo thumbed his brim up and leaned forward to watch. Harley tapped an ash and blew on the cherry.
“That the Chink?” he asked.
Maybe. Someone realized the score and was tryin’a turn back. Chink, sure, given the coolie shape and he just about had it done. Then he did, shot from the mess of fleeing forms, suddenly larger, a flat shadow given depth and purpose by the moon and air around him. He reared his horse front of Bosch and did his gong and chop on Lombardo. Lombardo jabbered back and calmed him with a hand.
“No, we can’t leave.”
The Chink took it hard. Lombardo replied and waved him on. The Chink tugged his reins and clobbered back toward the entrance. He moved through space for several moments, growing smaller, darker. Then he stopped, flattened within the frozen state of the crew. Bosch thought he saw the coolie head twitch around, speakin’ at someone.
Like each was in some seizure, the shadows clicked left or right, image by image, to turn around. The Chink out front, then Cantú, then Fat Hat. They was thin as playing cards, dancing on their bottom edges. Then they seemed to inflate from the inside, and become men. The wagon right after, takin’ on a sudden wholeness behind ‘em. It arrived, like a scarf pulled from a keyhole and flapped open. Mex 1 and 2 flanked it, holding their hats or heels, casting glances behind in case whatever force had kept ‘em would grow arms and reach out.
“Quiet, quiet!” Lombardo shouted. He was stood in the saddle, palms up. Guns come out anyway and fingers pointed. All at Bosch, words for Bosch, promises to Bosch.
“Él nos llevara con el diablo!"
“Estás muerto, Bosch!”
“Says yer dead,” Harley muttered.
Bosch didn’t need the translation. Mex 2 aimed a knife.
"Te sacare el pinche corazón del pecho!” 
“Hey!” Harley barked. He snarled around his smoke. “He the only goddamn one’s gonna get us outta here!” 
He looked at Bosch. 
“Is my assumption.”
Bosch shrugged a shoulder.
“Most like.”
“We keep on?” Lombardo asked.
Bosch nodded.
“Vamos viajar a través!” the man shouted.
Shouts in reply, more pointing, this time around the town, into the shadows. At the cursed, damned, unknowable things lyin’ in wait. Whole town lurked and breathed. It wanted ‘em. They were marching to their doom.
Harley gave Bosch the gist. 
“Stay here, then!” he barked and yanked his horse around.
He headed up the street, Harley in tow. A few sharp words from Lombardo, then reins snapped and hooves chuffed up the dirt behind. The world moved for ‘em now, the street passed beneath. At the far end, under rooftops and spires that seemed to bend in a canopy overhead, was the gate.
A wrought-iron arch with a hoop o’ metal welded beneath the center curve. An angel inside, tooting his horn. There’d been big double gates hinged on once, swooped like a pair o’ harps but one side was gone. Other was mangled and pushed in a heap toward the cemetery beyond.
More pissin’ over Bosch’s shoulder, the crew seeing the gravestones and crosses. This was madness, to walk among the dead in a place like this. They would soon join them, while Bosch laughed with the Devil. 
“They says –”
“I got it, Harley.”
He spurred his horse the last stretch to the gate and leaned in. Harley yelled to go heels, but it wasn’t needed. There come the sound of leather shucking anyway and frames snappin’ shut. Everyone loaded up.
“What’s in there?” Lombardo huffed, bouncing alongside.
“Fuck you think?” Bosch said.
They pounded under the angel then and down a path scraped straight on between the graves either side. No grass, no trees. Just crosses in the dirt. It was all hemmed with a broken log fence, two more posts at the end, more hung chains marking the back end o’ town. 
Past it, the salt flat spread like a temptation toward the mountains. Hyahs! then and a few victory shots in the air as the crew thundered on with fresh purpose.
It went a minute, then two. Bosch said nothing to let it sink in. The world was a slurring flutter left and right, nailed wooden crosses and white-painted woodcuts in a tombstone shape. The posts of that back exit stayed in place every moment, urging ‘em to just keep goin’ one more second.
Nothing stayed still or ever passed by. Soon as they stopped, they could get on with it, but if Bosch stopped alone, the rest would keep on and it’d be that mess with the Chink all over again. So he’d let it sink in. 
He turned his head with a quick snap. His mouth yawned open to Harley and the words blurted out.
“We neeeeeed tostopnow.”
Harley tilted his chin back, then forward, head nodding several times like he had a spring in there. He sludged toward the crew through tar and mud and made long, slow gestures. Bosch strained at the hips to Lombardo, then snapped sudden rest of the way.
“Maaaaake ‘emmmmmstoprunnin’.”
Lombardo blinked in a dream. He was facin’ Bosch a moment, flashing ‘round in his saddle the next. His bladed hand made trails up to his throat, then sawed back and forth in a blur. Bosch ticked back around, on gears. His glance to Harley took an age, the man haulin’ his reins like dragging some anvil. Bosch tore his own up from the center of the earth. 
His horse lurched to a stop with a clench of thick, trembling muscles, hooves scrambling. He caught his balls on the saddlehorn and threw his arms ‘round the old boy’s neck to hold on. Then Harley leapt into the world beside ‘im, then Lombardo, the Chink and Mex 1 and 2. 
The wagon keyholed by, a frozen arc poured from a bucket into shape and sense. Soto and Rivera sat on the buckboard with looks o’ horror on their frozen faces.
Cantú and Fat Hat were right behind. They looked around, then Cantú made to smack his mount that last half-piece to the exit.
“Leave off!” Bosch yelled. 
He swung down and thumped boots in the dust. He drew Morgan’s Susies and clicked ‘em.
“We ain’t done yet.”
Chapter 15
THE DEAD
Bosch watched the first cross wiggle in the dust. Then the cracked dirt front of it burst for an arm. Clawed and grasping, cloth and skin in tatters. Moonlight through all the little bones. 
Cantú screamed. The crew shoved back toward the horses. Bosch fired in the air.
“Goddammit, leave off!”
They looked at him, at the crosses.
“We ain’t leavin’ ‘til it’s through!”
More wood wobbled and come loose. If the crew didn’t ward off with a hand and spit the ground, they grabbed a charm or coin out their pocket and did a curse. Cantú kissed the hem of his big deal church scene. Fat Hat dangled a loop of Ashuri prayer beads.
Heads and rounded backs pushed up from the graves, hands planted either side of the broken holes. Some grabbed the top o’ them wooden tombstones and stepped out in a scatter of crumbled earth. Shrouds, some called ‘em. Some said reapers. Undead, all the same.
Long, filthy coats and frayed bow ties. Some had hair and hats, dresses and shawls. Boots with stick legs in ‘em and belts hung on. Hips like serving platters under rotten ribcages. Skulls with jaws half on. Eye sockets glowed.
Bosch pointed. Harley and Lombardo. Cantú and Fat Hat.
“With me. Y’all rest head over there.”
The others backed through the horses and across the path. Irons pointed at the creatures pulling themselves loose on that side. Everywhere come moans and the creak of bodies tryin’a walk, like straining against a wet rope. Arms raised up slow and the head tilted in some unsaid question.
Bosch raised his Susies both fists and stalked to their piece of the yard. He blasted ribs and collarbones, knees and thighs. Punched through dried organs and ropes o’ withered intestine bunched like old silk in the bowl of their pelvis. Not a one stopped. 
Harley jumped in, Peacers on fire. The other three let go with their own, pistols first, a rifle of two. Bosch slid his gates back to reload and backed around to the middle of their portion. Lombardo finished a pistol and yanked the crowd-pleaser from under his coat, the sawed-off. He shot out a spine and the torso pitched toward him. The arms hooked around his neck, cage and skull hung like a papoose. 
Fat Hat emptied into a chest and legs and pushed by to go help. Got his Susie to the thing’s temple and fired. The skull exploded and sent the rest into pepper and ash, blown on the wind. Lombardo coughed and waved through it.
“Jesus fuck!”
“Keep it together!” Bosch barked. “Heads! Hey!”
Lombardo nodded and chunked his shotgun shut with fresh loads. 
“Disparales en sus pinches cabezas!” he cried.
A sudden pop-pop of shots followed this from the other side, followed by whoops of excitement.
“Cabezaaas!”
Bosch faced the fuckers closin’ in and rammed his barrel to an eye socket. He fired and spun on his heel, fired again. Dust clouds whirled. Harley strode past, booming both barrels. He caught ‘em ten yards off, twenty, knocking ‘em to sooty vapor. He was one hell of a shot.
There were two dozen left when the four of ‘em backed against the log fence beside the exit. They stole some looks across the path, gunsmoke drifting, bonedust coastin’ knee-high. A rifle cracked there, then the blast of another shotgun. 
Out ahead, the last of the creatures shambled through the haze of their brothers an’ sisters, them eyes like sputterin’ candles. Bosch re-gripped his pistols. He’d cleaned out his belts with his last ten loaded up. Lombardo had pulled a Winchester from his back, the sawed-off lyin’ in the dirt. Fat Hat had a Winchester ready and Cantú yanked a Bulldog from his boot. Of course, Harley was still half a belt strong and his Colts were primed.
Bosch got it goin’, one, two from his 75’s, walking right in to shatter skulls like beer bottles. Lombardo cranked that Chester from the hip, knockin’ out legs and bringing the bodies crashing down for Cantú. The man finished ‘em close with that plinker, barrel to the head before they could rise. Fat Hat and Harley stayed back, the Winchester and Harley’s aim more than enough to end it.
“Oh, shit,” Lombardo said and scooped a handful of loads from his pocket. “They got reserves!”
It was hard tellin’ what graves were tore up and what wasn’t, all that dust blowin’ and markers knocked down. Obvious though, they’d missed a few. Skulls pushed up around ‘em, some right by a boot. Eyes glowed and fingerbones clawed the air in them shredded skin gloves. 
Bosch swore and dumped his brass.
“Fat Head, hand some over!”
“Que?”
“Balas, motherfucker!”
Fat Hat fumbled a handful of loads into Bosch’s palm. Winchester worked fine in a ‘75.
They made a fine go of it then, ‘til a grave broke under Cantú’s leg. He went in the dirt to his knee, arms rasping up to claim him. Lombardo whirled with his empty rifle, its ass-end swung like a bat. Already though, fingers had the neckhole o’ Cantú’s serape peeled down, teeth makin’ ripe cracks in a shoulder. 
The reaper’s head thocked against Lombardo’s wooden stock, knocked clean as a peg toward the log fence. It woulda passed over but whumped to dust like a dropped sack of flour in the air above it. Cantú braced his arms outside the hole and pulled himself on out. Smoke seeped from his neck.
Across the path, the others were in a tight group to fend off the last of it. One of ‘em lay flat on the ground, hard tellin’ who through the mess. Someone else pounded with a pleaser, the booms adding more smoke to the bonedust. Harley ran over behind his barrels, arms pumpin’ like pistons as he fired. Bosch waved the rest to go help and bent for the dropped Bulldog. He aimed at Cantú.
“Lookit me.”
Man was on his knees, head down. He coughed and spit blood in the dirt. More shots echoed across the way.
“Let us protect you, Bosch,” he said. Or his mouth did, anyhow.
Bosch thumbed the hammer.
“Get up.”
Cantú gripped a thigh and stood some. His shriveled legs were buckled angles, arms slack. His rotten head leaned to the side. That dead mouth fell open with a gasp o’ vapor.
“The amulet protects you. Let us protect you from it.”
Bosch felt his cheek twitch.
“Ya help my brother, too?”
“We could not.”
“You waitin’ for us up ahead?”
“Ahead and behind, Bosch. You must not reach the ziggurat.”
Bosch took a step forward, barrel hovering between those flickering eyes.
“I ain’t stop.”
“You seek your brother’s fate, we understand. But more is at stake.”
There come a shout and Bosch glanced over. It was done. Harley held Soto up, Lombardo and Mex 2 under Mex 1’s armpits, his toes dragging. Rivera and the Chink had iron out, sweepin’ the area for holdouts.
“Bosch, listen to me –”
“Some other time.”
He fired.
Chapter 16
THE LEAGUE
Bosch didn’t speak on Cantú and the crew didn’t ask. Soto and Mex 1 were goin’ the same way, so there was no need. They’d see it soon enough. 
He and Harley loaded their bodies in the wagon, Lombardo and the Chink tied spare horses on either side. Mex 2 hopped in beside his friend. Brother, Harley whispered. Bosch grunted. 
They saddled up out front of the wagon. Rivera took the buckboard and snapped the reins. Everyone snapped their reins. On they went. 
Second the schooner’s back wheels passed between the exit posts though, an explosion o’ dust burst between the slats. Gust like a mine collapse come out the canopy.
Mex 2 jumped out, coughing. Kicked the spokes for a bit, swore at Bosch. Bosch ignored him. One o’ them promises was made, knife shikked from its sheath. Lombardo barked an order. Mex 2 pointed at Bosch with a sneer. 
“Says he needs to make it right,” said Lombardo.
So they waited. Rivera and Soto was God Proper, so the old man’s shade was in Heaven already. Mex 1 and 2 was Old Ashuri, so that took some words. Sung, usually. Then ashes thrown in the wind, a drop of blood on the ground. Another look at Bosch as the Mex finished up.
They moved on.
Bosch swayed in the saddle and sipped his pint. Thought about Wyndham on their trace. That town would show wherever a crew went, suck ‘em right in. Soft spots in the world were easy the red priests. Old, dead places to rip open and dump out. Pour over Wyndham’s back with a word in his ear.
Bosch.
He waved Lombardo on over. 
“Fuck you doin’?” asked Harley.
In the moonlight, the man’s shadow ridin’ toward was crisp enough it might run off without him.
“How many?” Bosch asked.
Lombardo gave it a beat, but time for bullshit was gone.
“Hundred.”
Bosch snorted at the thought of a hundred men riding ‘em down. Bad enough, but once the town did its piece, a hundred dead men on a hundred dead horses. Led by dead Wyndham, thunderin’ on two, three, a thousand times faster’n they themselves could ever go. 
Oh, the town could kill. Not Bosch, of course. Not anyone he was with. But anyone else, anyone without that amulet, they’d be claimed.
“Fuck you thinkin’ on?” Harley said.
Bosch ignored him.
“How far back?” he asked.
“Half day,” Lombardo said.
“How’d he find out?”
“Voss?” Man sat back in his saddle. “Sadie. Saw yer necklace, there.”
“She ain’t know it.”
Harley looked out ahead, working one of his bent cigarillos back into shape.
“Whore’t the hotel?”
Bosch nodded.
“She passed your message to Marlene,” Lombardo said. “Leanie spoke to Voss. Said you were headin’ south, no idea why. Voss said there hadda be somethin’. Gold, guns, what’re you up to. Gets Sadie over an’ she said only thing outta order was that necklace.”
“That right.”
“It is. Said she saw it when you were rollin’ around. Wouldn’t make a damn thing of it, ‘cept you never wore that kinda thing. Said it made y’all strange, besides.”
“Strange.”
“What she said. Said you was strange now and Voss got an interest.”
“An’ leaned on her.”
“No need, shit. Voss knows everything down here. Runs his poppy, guns an’ girls, always after a score. Lotta treasure out there, lost mines, scuttled bank loot, all that. He starts askin’ about the amulet, what’s it look like? Sadie tries’a tell him, these faces with lightnin’ or some such. Voss can’t believe it.”
Bosch reached under his serape and held the thing out for a look. Lombardo leaned over.
“Yep.”
“He knows it?”
“In the old book he’s got. There’s a doc in town, went with that travelin’ show a ways back? They come to town, the doc stayed. Man does this mesmerize for Voss every so often. You know it?”
Bosch knew the mesmerize. Even seen a few shows. Wasn’t no real magic but it got the job done. 
“I know it.”
“Well, Voss thinks that an’ his pipe can make him see Beyond or somethin’. But the doc does it on Sadie. Gets her thinkin’ about that amulet an’ what’s it look like.”
“Ha!” come the sound.
Bosch turned. The Chink slipped his pistol away as some rabbit fled. The crew rode close to the wagon now, always glancin’ around.
“Speak it,” Bosch said.
“You ain’t seen the like,” Lombardo said. “Sadie. She’s thrashin’ in her chair tryin’a remember that damn thing, eyes all white.”
“Rolled up,” Harley said. 
“Nope. This was some catarack deal. She’s chantin’, screamin’. Stands full up, arms up like she’s tied.” Lombardo raised his own, wrists crossed. “Can’t move. Then grabs her belly, gutshot. Keeps saying she’s dead. Stabbed. We tried setting her down, that’s when she cut her hand on the table, lashin’ out. Marlene finally popped her one to shut her up.”
“Then Voss says y’all come with me, Wyndham brings our trace.”
“Yep. Voss looked in his book, five hundred years ago, folks made that necklace you got had some temple in the jungle.”
Bosch nodded.
“Sounds right.”
“Well, it was some kinda goddamn cult, some off-shoot of their own people. Part of ‘em all one day, next they go fuckin’ crazy. Takin’ over other villages, bring back people to sacrifice.”
“Some high priest tells ‘em,” Bosch said.
Lombardo shrugged.
“Maybe. Said they was under some force. Some power. Had a slave mine, all gold. Whoever didn’t go on their altar went in the mine. Piles o’ gold. All stacked in that temple.”
“Voss thinks the amulet’s what, then?”
“Map. At least, for the owner. Book says so, anyway. Maybe you start talkin’ about what it means. Maybe you give us your plan for after the river. Any o’ that, we kill you, take the necklace. Double back if we ain’t halfway to the river. Otherwise, head on and wait for him and ol’ Wyndham.”
“Voss himself is comin’.”
“Yep.”
“Hunnerd men?” Harley said. “Pretty fuckin’ quick.”
“Man’s got irons all over. Up, down, left an’ right. Don’t take him long to put the word out an’ get it organized.”
“Half a fuckin’ day?” Bosch asked.
“Shee-it. Second you left his place, he started reachin’ out.”
“You ain’t tried for it, though.” Bosch tucked the necklace away.
“We ain’t fuckin’ with no voodoo shit, Bosch.”
“Tolja,” Harley said.
Lombardo shrugged.
“First all, you don’t talk much. River’s all you ever say, nothin’ past it. Second all, every time one of us moved, you moved. Twitchy sleep like you’s awake. Feng says that skull speaks to you. No. No one’s goin’ fuckin’ near you. And now, this all?” The man waved a hand. “Pfft. Ain’t worth it.”
Bosch rolled a smoke.
“So no plan for this, then. Me not talkin’, you gettin’ no amulet.”
“Worse comes, we got a direction at least, so long’s you didn’t lie about the river. Voss figured maybe spread out from there an’ ask around. Turn something up.”
“Shitty plan,” Bosch said.
“Lean on you then. Hell, you ain’t just gonna sit by some river, in some river town or whatever else. You’d turn on us, maybe fold us into some other crew you’d put to. Gotta go in some fuckin’ direction.”
“Or just sit.”
“An’ wait? For a hundred men? Forget it. You’d split. Maybe you only pick a spot some days out, week out from the temple, but it’s still direction.”
Lombardo had it spot on, fucker.
“’Less I throw Voss off our trace.”
“Gotta dozen Injun trackers. Maybe your shit don’t stink, but your fuckin’ crews’ would.”
“Ain’t matter now anyway,” Bosch said.
“Meaning?”
“Pay fuckin’ attention.” Bosch hooked a thumb over his shoulder. “What that town had waitin’?”
“Hey. We said don’t fuckin’ go there.”
“Ain’t no diff’rence. It goes where we go. Anyone follows us, it goes. Voss rides through it, you’ll see some fuckin’ voodoo.”
Lombardo spat and looked out the desert.
“We in League now, ain’t we.”
Bosch snorted.
“You been, son. Since the day we met.”
Chapter 17
THE GAUNTLET
Bosch lifts the king’s body off the green altar and hurls it down the ziggurat steps. Below, the city turns on itself, a conspiracy. Loyalists are thrown in the mines or killed. Bosch glares down at the mayhem through his golden mask. The snakes hiss in his fists. The altar pulses. His altar. His ziggurat. 
Soon, the offerings will begin.
He gasped awake, hand to his face. No mask, still daylight. They’d rode to sunup, then did a camp. Lombardo had told everyone about the town, about Voss. About bein’ in League. Not cursed, but they was known now. Watched. Turnin’ back now got ‘em nothin’ but killed. 
Heat swirled off the flats. Made the mountains beyond shimmer at the bottom. Hours past noon when they headed off, but no matter. The sun was there 'til the sun was gone. Bosch pulled his brim down tighter and hunched in the saddle. Like he could dodge it. 
He’d spoke to Morgan before going to sleep. Big as Voss’ crew was, Morgan said, it made good time. And the red priests would be sure to hold Bosch up again right soon. Let him through the mountains first, though. After the flats finished wearing him down.
Sure enough, Bosch felt wore when they reached the pass. Not his body, it never got tired. His head, though. His head knew a man slept, ate food and took a drink. So that’s what he did. A man felt relief too, sittin’ front of those mountains. So he did.
The pass wound through, hawks shrieking overhead, cougars and whatall watching from the clefts. Canyon edges tumbled pebbles as they went. Pistols swung ‘round to shoot down the source. They never saw a soul.
Scrubby grassland on the other side, a sway of a jungle on the horizon. A piece of the moon for company. Empty horses snorted a fuss before long and they cut ‘em loose. Quiet still, but it wouldn’t stay. They camped up.
Mex 2 kept his hands over the fire, kept opening his coat to wave in the smoke. Some kind o’ protection deal, Harley said. Chink and Rivera had rosaries out and worked the beads. Fat Hat traded in his Ashuri for a loop o’ these and joined in. Then they planted tied-together sticks, crosses, ‘round the campsite. Half on watch, half to sleep.
Bosch looks down at the girl on the glowing green altar, writhing in her chains as she gasps for breath. Blood still spurts from the knife in her heart. The snakes flick their tongues at the back of his hands. He tears the blade free and a sticky spurt splashes against the golden mask. 
Beneath her corpse, the altar pulses as it snatches her soul for its own. The city cheers at the foot of the great ziggurat. Another girl trembles, arms wrenched behind as the guards lead her forward…
Bosch woke and put a hand to the ground. Felt it tremble but nothin’ shook. Harley looked over from his coffee, pint tinked on the rim to pour in a shot. 
“What,” he said.
The Chink stirred a pot on the coals, watching him. Everyone watched him.
“Time to go.”
An hour later, the dead come to. Murders, suicides, parade lines o’ settlers or explorers fallin’ to sickness an’ starvation. The crew yanked their Susies and palmed the hammers. Gunsmoke swirled. 
Conquistadors. Cowboys. Animals have small minds, easily turned. Red eyes and dripping fangs. The horses charged wide-eyed through it, foaming at the bit.
Coyotes and snakes, fleas and flies. Rabid dogs. Birds swooped, their wings rotted through. The priests called upon them all, daring Bosch to continue. 
They fled the grassland blasting from their saddles, wolves and dogs yelping as they went down. It was barely a path through the jungle beyond. Branches clawed, vines grasped. 
Old Aztec bones in rusted headdress rose from the ground. Mex 2 reared his mount, the swarm clutching bridle straps and dragging his mount on down. Bosch crouched over the saddle and looked back, amulet jangling. Skulls grinned as fuckers hooked sharp, yellow fingers in that fool’s belly and lifted away pieces like warm cake.
Rivera cashed in that night, stabbing himself before their huge and powerful fire. The jungle roared around them. Man made sure he went into the flames, so he could never come out. 
When the sun broke, they hauled supplies off the wagon and loaded their horses. Kicked down the tied-together crosses to ride out and a jaguar leapt in. Tail with an arrowhead point, muscles churning under a coat gone to scales, like a snake. It was quick, but the Chink was quicker. Rivera’s bones shifted in the ash. Fat Hat tossed in a rosary that burst to flames.
That night, Bosch stood at the altar and licked blood off his fingers. His minions stood naked under the moon, painted in bright, bold colors. They shook spears, their eyes rolled white.
Cantu’s scream woke him up. Arm and leg tore off, face slashed open. Harley and the Chink fired into the trees. A dozen red eyes flashed in the dark and were gone. Fat Hat wept. Lombardo laughed and laughed.
They fought the crazed dead, the crazed animals. They fought each other, screaming it would never end. 
It began to rain, patter on the palm leaf canopy like sizzling meat. Cold wind and howls in the distance. If they glimpsed the sky, it was a plate of shattered glass for the lightning cracked across it.
Dead Aztec gave way to dead Zapotec, dead Toltec. Then back to the thousands, millions o’ natives gone to bones in that soil. Farther still, to animals no man ever seen. Tigers with fangs like elephant tusks, lizards the size of men with tiny arms and snake faces. 
They swung sticks to save bullets and slashed knives and punched their knuckles flat. Voss and Wyndham weighed on their minds, rode on their trace. Through the town now and become something else. Chargin’ toward that mountain with their souls on fire, screaming for gold. 
Morgan spoke this to Bosch as he crouched by a cross, watching the dark. Voss out front, his eyes bulging and cat-slit. Wyndham with his skin gone. Fifty demons to either side, tails lashing, tongues forked an’ lickin’ up the taste of fleeing men.
Bosch gave a shout when they finally rode clear, the Chink and Harley jerking awake in their saddles. Just them, now. Fat Hat gone under one o’ them tigers, Lombardo gone out of his mind. Couldn’t tell alive from dead one day. Bosch and Harley had been killed and come back to claim him. He’d rallied the Chink with a wild grin and pulled his guns. The Chink drew down and blew him out of the saddle. They’d left his body in their trace.
Rain let up as they drew toward the river. The wind backed off. Town across the way, adobe blocks and a mission tower, even a hotel. The sun swelled to a sweaty smudge in the clouds.
They reined in at the edge of the water. Scratched and cut, bandaged up and bled on. Bosch looked at the other two. 
Wasn’t a damn thing to say.
Chapter 18
THE VOODOO
Bosch was down to a shirt, hung in tatters and stiff with blood. Serape and coat and the vest long gone. Harley had a coat only, no hat. The toes of a boot was loose, a pinch of sock pokin’ out. The Chink went barechest with his stomach wrapped tight for some deep claws. The coolie stayed put, chewed at the edge and with a hole or two. 
Their horses wheezed from their own scrapes and gashes. Their eyes rolled. Bosch himself had been shot up, stuck with arrows and chopped with swords. Bitten, strangled, bashed on the head. Rips and holes all over him that ain’t healed and wouldn’t. He was missing some fingers, too, a piece of his thigh. An ear half gone.
He’d shielded the others when it would do, took some lumps, but they were done in anyhow. Harley had a leg wound, his face was gouged up. Couldn’t see out but one eye. The Chink had his hands bandaged, the belly. Coughed like a lunger and spit blood in his fist.
Bank of the river, a Mex ferryman stood on a barge, a flat floatin’ square about three feet out the water. How it did was a post on either shore, rope looped between on a pulley. Load up the square, maybe two, three horses, the man pulled across. The man didn’t move, though. They clopped the horses on and stood holdin’ their bridles. Man didn’t move.
“Fuck izzis?” Harley asked.
Bosch snapped his finger under the fool’s nose.
“Say hey!”
Man didn’t move. Sun shone high, now. Not a cloud anywhere. The river shushed past. 
The Chink muttered his jabber and crossed himself. Mex kept hands to his hips, head turned downriver. Lips pursed under some thick mustache like he was middle of a thought.
“He dead?” Harley asked.
He weren’t dead. Red priests had ‘im. Bosch grabbed the man’s sombrero and tossed it to Harley. 
“I ain’t no Mex hat,” he said.
“It’s a hat.”
“Fuckin’ trade me yers, then.”
Bosch scoffed.
“I ain’t no fuckin’ Mex hat.”
Harley spun it into the water.
Bosch moved behind the Mex and took him up, arms around like a roll o’ carpet. Set him on the grass with a grunt. Harley smoothed out a cigarillo and snapped a match.
“Still ain’t the weirdest shit I seen lately.”
Bosch hauled ‘em along the rope, his horse snortin’ some. He went in his bags for Morgan’s skull, just in case. Case came half across, the horse jumping in the water with a cry. Down it went. His two brothers stared after it, then away. They’d hold on a bit. 
Wide, dirt ramp on the far side and Bosch vaulted behind Harley up to town. More folks, all out for the day. Mid-step, mid-talk, mid-wave, but not a one moved. Horses froze too, riders with a hand on the reins, eyes squinted for a long-moved sun.
Three of ‘em rode the main street, saddle creaks and hoof clicks the only sound. Hotel with a mural flaked off the walls and a red tile roof. Shops and saloons with flat tops and roof logs sticking out the front. Palm trees rustled between places. Main street ended a quarter-mile on, lost to weeds and grass before the jungle started up again.
In between was men in sombreros, blankets on their shoulders, women in low tops with their hair blowing. Coach in front of the hotel bein’ unloaded. Gringo in his finest lighting a cigar inside it. Door open with a kid on the step, hand out for a peso. Someone drawed from a well, another pissed against a wall. They stood in doorways, stared out windows. Dogs ran, burros hauled. Not a soul went nowhere.
They went slow through it, Harley plucking a hat off some fool and plopping it on. Few streets down Bosch slid off the horse’s rump and walked left. Harley rode right. The Chink kept on the main stretch.
Bosch yelled to Harley and got a word back, nothin’! and nothin’ from the Chink but that jabber. Seemed he had to know that jabber was nonsense but he jabbered all the same.
“Now what,” Harley asked.
They sat in the hotel courtyard, bottles all around from behind the bar. Morgan middle of the table. A chipped fountain bubbled. Birds stood froze on its rim, but the water moved. Palm leaves from the trees outside leaned over top of the high wall. 
People stood around, smoking, drinking, mostly Mex. Bosch had his eye on a couple near his chair. Gringo with his hand out in a gesture, pointing half a stogie between his fingers. Mex facin’ him had been laughing at whatever the gringo said. Head back, mouth wide. Eyes nearly lost above his smiling cheeks.
“You hear me?” Harley asked, smoothing out a bent cigarillo.
“I hear,” Bosch said.
“We just fuckin’ wait?” 
Harley had a foot up on the table for his wounded leg. He felt the sopped wad of cloth around his eye, then grunted forward and struck a match off his boot.
“Fuck else we do,” Bosch said. “No fresh fuckin’ horses ain’t goddamn catonic. Ain’t no one for a fuckin’ crew. Took us how long from the mountain? Gonna take Voss n’ Wyndham nowhere near. They ain’t eat or shit, fuckin’ them or horses ain’t sleep…”
The Chink jabbered.
“I’m with him,” Harley said, and tapped his ash on the floor. “We hie out.”
Bosch stared.
“Fuck you know what he’s sayin’?”
“What else could he be sayin’?”
“We stay. Fight an’ figure it out later.”
“Fight a hunnerd dead fuckers.”
“How many we fought already?”
“We had a fuckin’ crew! Shit, they was throwin’ so much shit on us, they ain’t keep track!”
“Still made it.”
“We ain’t made shit. Why else voodoo the fuckin’ town? Easy fuckin’ meal, that’s why.”
Bosch grunted.
“Hunnerd plus rides in, what?” Harley said. “They got how many here. Four hunnerd? Five?”
“We ain’t no choice.”
“Fuck that. Voss come in, fixes these fucks, puts ‘em in League. It’s over.”
“Then it be.”
“Then we fuckin’ go. How far’s the temple?”
“Too fuckin’ far with goddamn shit on our ass. You two do what y’want.”
Bosch took a drink and thumped the bottle on the table. He stared at it, hand on the neck. Two fingers gone. No blood.
“Priests ain’t no gods,” he said. “Red fuckers? They doin’ this ‘cause this is it. Last card in the deck.”
“You know that?”
“I know that.”
They couldn’t possess the town with no blood of their own, but holdin’ it, shit. It’d take everything they had left, but they could do.
“So just us,” Harley said. “Whatever brass we scrounge, whatever rifles. Fucked up like this.”
“I feel fine.”
“’Cause yer fuckin’ dead, Bosch. Huh?”
“I ain’t dead.”
The Chink jabbered. Bosch sneered.
“Shut up, Chink.”
Harley took a drag, cherry crackling. Blew a stream across the table, eyes on the amulet.
“He’s right.”
“Fuck you, Harley.”
The eyes came up.
“Yer fuckin’ voodoo, son. Alla way through.”
Chapter 19
THE PROMISE
Bosch went his way through town, throwing Susies in a burlap sack. Two rifles slung on his shoulder. Harley was covering a few streets over, the Chink coughing into the hem of his blanket back the hotel. 
Whole town’d get changed quick. No guns, no blood, or panic. Voss would bring his boys right in, lay the fix on every fool here, maybe a bite, maybe some chant, put ‘em right in League.
Bosch snorted. He was shot to hell, Harley half blind, the Chink near dead. They were screwed and that was that.
He dumped a load back the hotel courtyard and lined ‘em up on the table. Chink was drinking, still coughing. Nine pistols, two rifles. A Schofield in there, three Peacers, couple conversions. One o’ the rifles was a yellowboy Henry, nothin’ wrong there. Couple bandoliers besides and some gunbelts. The Chink hawked and spit blood.
“You gonna live?”
Jabber.
“Fuckin’ better,” Bosch looked at Morgan. “He gonna live?”
The skull stared.
“Fuck’s that s’posed to mean?”
The skull stared.
Bosch headed back out.
They had one day, Morgan had told him. Less than. Bosch looked up the sky by the stagecoach, figured it was three abouts. Reached in and pulled a watch from the gringo’s vest. Hand didn’t move, shit. Priest fuckers ain’t stopped time, though, just the blood or souls or whatever got a man movin’. Bosch decided three. One thing a man knew was to clock the sun, priests or no. 
He snapped the watch closed and thumbed it into his back pocket. Stepped up the buckboard for the coach gun. Kept at it, more guns. Another Colt, another Henry.
He went inside the sheriff’s or federale majoro or whatever the fuck it was. Harley’d been there, holster empty on the fool in his chair. Gold star on his dusty blue shirt. One other in the cell, hand on the bar, other pointing behind him. Look on his face like he was for tellin’ some reason not to be in there. Fool in the chair had his arms crossed, eyes rolled up with a smirk, hearing it all before.
Another load dumped the hotel, on top of what Harley brought in the meantime. They were laying things on the ground, now. Chink was sleeping over his arms. Morgan said stop with the guns, it wouldn’t matter. 
“Nothin’ fuckin’ else to do, son.”
Bosch went back out, passing Harley on the way in.
“‘Nuff, yet?” he asked, favoring that bum leg.
“If y’want.”
Bosch hunted around some more, then stretched out on a couch in a cathouse parlor, arm over his face. He slept.
He is the Priest King, now. Master of a growing empire. The altar seeps with the souls of slaves. Not to call down the gods, but to feed them. Feed one, the very god of the stone itself. Bosch is no longer a messenger, but a prophet. Chosen by the star gods to be their vessel. He laughs and laughs.
Around him, his city conquers and kills and piles gold at his feet. He slits the throats and bellies of his neighbor kings and condemns their souls to the stone. Once the ritual is performed, he will enter that phantom realm and vanquish all he has imprisoned there. And with their power, he will become a star god himself!
He uncoils the snakes from his arms and burns them. He rubs their ashes into the glowing altar and raises his hands to the sky. The moon begins to slide across the sun. The planets are aligning. The time is at hand. 
Bosch came awake, arms stretched above him. He grabbed the amulet, making sure it was there. A last streak of sunlight come through the front window.
“Bosch!”
He sighed and sat up and found his hat. Found Harley outside on the dusky street.
“What.”
“Fuckin’ you doin’?”
“Nothin’.”
“Hungry?”
Bosch thought of blood and burning snakes and evil.
“I could eat.” 
They lit a couple lamps and went through some cantinas, picking off the free lunch tables. They lifted away the señora drawing from the well and brought up a few buckets. Harley dumped one on his head and wrung out his bandage, patching it back over his eye. He checked his leg, washed it, wrapped it back up. They took a couple bottles to the courtyard, throwing some things down for the Chink. He ate.
“Saw a bathhouse,” Harley said.
Bosch nodded and licked a smoke shut. 
Harley swiped a match and held it across the table, then touched his own. He exhaled.
“How fucked we at?”
Bosch looked at the laughin’ Mex from before, his eyes squinted above them smiling cheeks. 
“Pretty fucked.”
Then the Mex turned his head slowly, face still creased around his grin.
“There is yet time to turn back, Bosch.”
Harley twitched but stayed his seat. The Chink snorted and threw down the last bite of a tamale. He jabbered and pushed his chair back.
Bosch watched him go and turned to the Mex.
“I’m stayin’.” 
“You said we would speak another time. We wondered if perhaps it meant you might reconsider.”
“You know it ain’t.”
“We know only one thing, Bosch. If you reach the ziggurat –”
Bosch took a drag and blew smoke on the fool.
“All’s lost, I got it.”
“You cannot avenge your brother.”
“So you say.”
“You’ve caused enough death. Enough sacrifice.”
“That ain’t me.” He grabbed a bottle. “That’s you all in my fuckin’ way.”
“We protect the world from the amulet, Bosch. Remove it and end your quest.”
The Mex extended a hand, slowly. Bosch stared as he drank. The hand went away.
“You’re doing the Priest King’s work for him.”
“Whatever it takes.”
“He needs you in the ziggurat. He has your brother, now he wants you.”
“Brother’s right here.” Bosch pointed a finger off the bottle at Morgan’s skull.
“Bosch.”
Bosch drew down with a click. Harley twitched, hand dropping to a heel.
“Morgan is lost. Return the amulet and we can lift its curse. You can live again. Once Voss brings our army, we will take this town and there will be no escape.”
Bosch shucked the gun away.
“You want out?”
Harley was looking at the Mex.
“Me?”
“You.”
“Fuck son, I don’t know a fuckin’ thing. We can get that gold, I’ll ramble. Chink too, I’d wager.”
“Might die.”
“So what, then?” Harley stared. “Go home? Talk ‘bout the time I almost did somethin’?”
Bosch shrugged.
“Jus’ sayin’.”
Harley snorted and waved it off. 
“Fuck ‘em.”
Bosch looked at the Mex. The head turned away, face melting to its former amused state. He sighed and stood and swung the bottle off the table.
“Let’s get that soak.”
Chapter 20
THE PLACE
Bosch sat with his elbows cocked up edge of the pool. Painted stone pillars holding the roof, colored tiles on the walls. Water lapped his chest. Harley across, gringos and Mex froze in between. Well-off, townsmen most like. Lanterns on tables, lit already for the Chink. 
He was in when they got there, sunk to his waist in the gone-cold water, shaving his cheeks under that coolie. Jabbered and rinsed his blade and gestured c’mon. Went back to it, scraping his jaws as they stripped and slid in. Bosch kept a towel near for wiping his fingers rollin’ quirlys, bottle next to it. Him and Harley drank and soaked, blowin’ smoke up into the gloom.
“When?” the man asked.
“Noon.”
“Right at or what?”
Bosch tapped ash in the water with a ssst! and turned for the whiskey.
“’Bout that.”
“We take ‘em?”
“Prob’ly not.”
“Shit, say yes.”
“I ain’t fuckin’ say yes. Hunnerd fucks n’ five more on top?”
“Fuck.” Harley thumbed a match and leaned into it. “Shoulda fuckin’ left, then.”
“Y’fuckin’ shoulda.”
The Chink got out carefully, holding his stomach. They had a chink laundry so he musta rummaged through for more pajamas and sandals. Bedsheet too, and he sat at a table, ripping it to bandages. There were grasses and herbs and whatnot piled there already.
“What’s he doin’?”
Bosch didn’t know and got out. They’d gone up the dry goods and did clothes and boots. He dried off and dressed. Shirt, jeans, serape over top. Morgan’s hat. Gone back for that twice in the jungle and if an ear and some fingers was all it took, then he’d come out okay. 
Buckled on his belts, checked the Susies, the Remingtons. Caught ‘em up in Four Arches, Morgan said, when Bosch sat down at Asa’s and flapped the dust off his hat. A piece o’ years since they’d stared across, but ain’t a thing changed. Bosch knew from ‘caught’, knew from that smirk he better ask his brother how. Smirked back instead and told ‘im. Swiped a drunk, palmed an ace, change-raised a till. Prob’ly all three. Morgan laughed.
Harley waded center of the pool.
“Where to?”
Bosch turned at the door.
“What?”
“You heard me.”
Bosch walked back the hotel, careful of the shapes around, coming too close a few times and banging his lantern on someone. He brushed against a señora’s tit and stopped. Held up the light an’ tugged the front of her blouse to look down. He gave one a squeeze, found little to recommend it for the look froze on her face. Brows pinched softly on some private concern. 
Upstairs he caught an empty room, lit a candle on the bureau. Set it on a chair in the hall so Harley’d know where he was. He’d stopped for a bucket from the well and filled the basin, then blew out the lantern. Lay awake with Morgan on his chest. Smoked and finished the bottle.
Three of ‘em wouldn’t do it. He’d make it himself to the last, but a whole town’d get him. And once the amulet was snatched off his neck, that was that. He’d stay dead.
Harley stuck ‘cause he maybe bought there was gold in the temple. Maybe he just missed having a partner. The Chink, who fuckin’ knew with that jabber. Bosch only knew his own self and knew the red priests was wrong. He’d find what happened to Morgan and sort it out fine. Whole world had to burn for it, that was the world’s fuckin’ problem. He closed his eyes.
Opens them atop the ziggurat, hands filthy with ash. He smears them over his chest and stomach, chanting to the black sun. The green altar swells with his words. The slaves are within it, the conquered kings are within it. Most importantly, his own king, thrown down these steps by the high priest himself. But what are brothers for. 
And when his own soul is delivered into the stone, they will become linked, as twins should. A circle of blood binding their sacrifices. As it spins, the center will erupt and bring the altar to life…
Bosch looks high above the pyramid into darkness scattered with diamond flake. Stars shining, worlds beside them with oceans lapping over jagged continents. Clouds laced in lightning. 
They spin with days and swing with seasons, out around their stars. A system here, a system there. But this day, this season, they move together. Their poles tilt as they groan into place and knife switches clank into place with a burst of sparks. Cosmic levers in the hands of titans. And out beyond them all, the godworld glows bright. A world of soft, sick green. 
The green of stones and altars. A world of creatures thrashing in foaming lakes of chlorine. Of seven-sided temples and curved obelisks. The wind is hot and sharp and the ground bleeds. 
Bosch kneels upon the ziggurat and bows his head. He weeps behind his golden mask. He weeps at the weight of the darkness above. His bones creak as their two planets lock eyes. The darkness shudders between them. 
A surge of power courses along the arrangement of worlds, of stars linking one to the other. From the misty green swirl of gas and rock to the hard, cold shell of air around a smooth, blue sphere.
Bosch cries out as his skin splits. His back opens on a zipper, ribs popping out like an overpacked suitcase. His guts blurt down the ziggurat steps. Skin’s a sopping sheet with holes for eyes and a screaming mouth.
Blood at the bottom of the ziggurat steps flows in a smooth sheet. Flows into the city and steams where it hits the buildings. Temples and houses, the council chambers. They sizzle and sag and melt into the red river flowing through.
The sun rises above and falls away and the moon swoops to meet it. They pass each other for years and the sky blurs. The stars leave trails as they move in circles.  
Bosch is grown from the ground, from bones and tattered cloth and he stands in the wreckage. The sky slows and fades to dusk. Bloated purple where the sun ain’t gone but the moon ain’t here. 
Twisted trees lean around in sticky black grass, wrapped in strangles of vine. Boulders sunk in hot mud plopping bubbles. Bodies half-buried, half-rotted. Skull cheeks and chins with a nose and eyes yet. Like a hood pulled on.
Windows blow with cobwebs, arches cracked and black inside. The streets are a reckless scatter of paving stones. Center of it all sits the ziggurat, like shoulders with a head bowed, like it decided to push itself back up to keep an eye on things. Ramps in the center of each side, chiseled with stairs. Square box at the top with four doors inside. Seams and edges all packed with hard, black mold.  
Bosch takes a step toward it, hand to a heel. There’s a hand on his shoulder.
“Don’t do it, Skitch.”
Chapter 21
THE SOULS
Bosch turns from the ruined temple. Morgan’s in his morning coat and trousers, black slouch. Loose tie under wings and stuffed in his vest. His steppin’ clothes, what he said to bury him in. Guns low on the hips, cinched under a fine turquoise buckle. There’ll be a flask inside that coat to one side, deck o’ cards in the other, or he ain’t Morgan.
“You can’t leave us in there,” he says.
“Yer out here,” Bosch says.
Morgan takes a step back. A skeleton in a rags now, Susies slung on his yellow, chipped pelvis. The threads of his torn coat drift like hair. Rivera walks from behind Bosch, then Cantú. The whole crew drifts into view, shook out of their skins and left to dry. The bones of them fool Mex, the border town fools, stand in bloody, blowing clothes. Everyone cradles a white wooden cross.
“You can’t leave us in there!” they cry.
They tear off their faces, golden masks beneath. Bosch is looking at them through eyeholes and puts hands to his cheeks. Warm, smooth metal.
“You can’t leave us in there!”
He tears the mask off, skin coming with. Holds the bowl of the thing in his palms, face inside, like a soft cloth lining. He touches the knobs of his cheeks, prods some teeth loose. Clacks his jaws with the rhythm of the horse. 
He’s leaned over a saddle, riding through the jungle. Burned and dead now with noise all around. The dead all around. 
Riding before a terror of horses and terrible men. Blasting down trees, setting the world on fire behind ‘em. He’s at the head of a storm, eyes hard and glowing, growing. Speaking, but he speaks to himself.
“Bosch!”
His men are a force, clawed hands grasping their saddlehorns. Throats and chests peeled like layers of paint under a slowly pushed knife. Eyes sunk and grinnin’ skull grins under bits o’ hair stuck on top. Paper mache organs rustle in dustbin chests. The bones all show and not a man minds it.
They’re makin’ for the ziggurat, fuckin’ b’lieve that. Damn as sure find ‘fore Bosch an’ walk right in that fuckin’ amulet. 
“Y’hear me Bosch?!”
He’s got the souls now an’ all the power he needs. In the basket o’ that fuckin’ temple, that green sumbitch will rise again and George Cameron Voss will walk him out under God an’ Cre-ation! 
“Sound good, son?!”
The voice jabbed his ear, a needle shoving its plunger right on down. Bosch thrashed his legs in a knot of bedsheets.
“How ‘bout it? You make it there ‘fore us?”
There’s laughter in the jungle, birds fleeing in clouds around them. Hooves chomp the soft ground, flicking trowels of loose dirt in their wake. Horses with their hides stripped, eyes bulging and furious.
“I doubt it! I think you think you have a choice, here, son!”
Bosch laughs in the saddle, swingin’ an arm onward to the cheers of his army. Bone pebbles and scabs of skin hissed off by the wind as they ride and ride. A hundred dead souls, a hundred ways to rule the world. 
“It’s mine, Bosch! Yer temple an’ all that gold! You behave now, maybe I’ll even give you that brother back!”
Bosch laughs at the head of a wagon train smothered in blazes, trailing flames and smoke. 
He sat up with a curse, patting his chest and arms. He got out of bed and looked for the flames. Looked at the bucket, at the dead lantern on the bureau. Pink, pushing sunrise between a split in the curtains. He put his palms in his eyes and took a breath. Gringo’s watch said almost seven.
He’d slept in clothes and took off his shirt, dumped the basin over for the sweat on his back. Leaned in the mirror at his ear, sliced right off about halfway up. Bright red like the arrow holes in his shoulder, fangs in his ribs. He held a hand out and wiggled the ring and pinkie. Nipped right at the knuckles. Come off with a snotty, wet noise, they had.
He put his shirt on, the serape, reached in and pulled the amulet out to rest on top. Guns and boots, flask off the bureau. Tugged his brim and set out. 
“They here?” Harley kicked off the sheet.
“Not yet,” Bosch left his doorway asking where the Chink was. The Chink opened his door down the hall. 
“C’mon, Chink.”
They stomped downstairs into the courtyard, Harley swearin’ an’ banging into shit in his room. His bad eye throwin’ his balance, prob’ly. Leg too, fuckin’ him up. 
Bosch and the Chink picked pistols off the floor an’ table and stuffed ‘em in their belts. Slung rifles, pockets of loose ammo. Bosch heaved a sack of pistols out the door, Chink the same and Bosch yelled up at Harley to get over at the mission.
“Fuckin’ hold on!” he yelled, hand trailing down the banister.
Mission was center of town, highest place they had. Stacked up with some adobe square on the bottom, smaller one on that, smallest one on that with the bell tower. Perfect to spot an approach from the river. 
Bosch shouldered the trapdoor up top, shoved his sack through, then stood on the wooden ladder to toss everything tucked in his waist. The sun was full up now, just hittin’ the rim of the bell overhead. 
He jumped back down and the trap banged shut. Chink took his place up the ladder as he ran down the stairs. Harley on his own way up, shoulder bristling with rifles. A loop of rope slung crossways, stringin’ the trigger guards of a dozen pistols. 
Bosch plopped his empty sack on the hotel bar and moved behind it. Caught a Mex shoulder on the way and tipped him over. 
“Shit.”
Reached out for a handful of shirt at the last second. Righted the man, noticed the pistol in his holster and shucked it loose. Couple bottles from behind the bar, pistol in a cigar box back there. Two more Colts from fools in the corner, one clapping the other on the back as they toasted the room.
Bosch shoved it all in the sack as Harley and the Chink ran in.
“Y’fuckin’ tell me what’s the rush? Y’said noon!”
“Yeah, well, they’re fuckin’ early!”
Chapter 22
THE FIX
Bosch hauled a pair of water buckets back to the mission, sides slapping his thighs, slop pattering the dust. Harley was down the next street, coming out a cantina with an armload of food. They carried it up the tower, the Chink peeking through the trap at Bosch’s shout. He’d been catching what they tossed up the ladder, but the water wouldn’t do. 
Bosch grunted a bucket up himself and splashed it down on top. Chink was snapping rounds into a Susie and clapping it shut. He coughed into his cheeks. Better for his bath the night before, but he still had troubles.
Harley shouted and Bosch looked back down. Caught a loaf of bread and Harley reached up a few rungs to pass the sack of food. He brought the second bucket then and let the trap bang shut.
They ate with their backs to the waist-high wall of the tower, each on their own side, bell in the middle. Trap under that. Rifles leaned in the corners, pistols on the floor all around. Boxes of ammo, piles of it, tied bandannas of it, all around.
Kneeling up for an eye over the wall, Bosch looked through town and across the river. Nothin’ yet. He sat.
“Ya don’t know what time,” Harley said.
“Nope.”
“But they early.”
Bosch shrugged, digging his thumb into an orange.
“That’s the notion.”
Harley finished squeezing out his bandages in the bucket beside.
“Based to what?”
Bosch chewed and sucked a couple fingers.
“Based that I fuckin’ saw it.”
“Saw what?”
“His fuckin’ army.”
Harley tied his leg up and set to that eye.
“Fuck izzat mean?”
Bosch shrugged and tossed the rinds over his shoulder. He had his bags with and took Morgan out. Weighed him in his palm.
“Answer me,” Harley said.
“I saw it.”
“His army. Voss.”
Bosch looked at him.
“So?”
“’His’. Fuckin’ Mex laugher said ‘ours’. Fuckin’ red priests’ army. Our army.”
“Same thing.”
“It ain’t. Voss is just another dead thing.”
“Maybe.”
“Ain’t he?”
Bosch uncorked a bottle with a shrug. He wasn’t tellin’ Harley about the dream. Wouldn’t know where to start, anyways. Besides, it come out the same. No, Voss wasn’t some demon tearin’ outta that desert town for the priests. Not no more. He was the man in charge, not just some hire-on. Had his own power, his own mind, puttin’ it right inside Bosch’s.
He thought on going down the street and standing front of someone. Make the red fuckers unfroze the fool and tell him the score. Thing was, it was maybe news to them, too. They’d took hold of Voss, surely. But he’d gone his own way from there. Stood to reason the priests was able, they’d have set that to rights by now.
Harley spit his own cork and took a pull. The Chink jabbered. Harley wiped a wrist over his mouth and passed it over.
Bosch stared at ‘em. Checked the gringo’s watch and looked over the wall some more.
They smoked, drank. Harley went down the ladder to piss in an empty bucket for the purpose. Chink stood on the wall and did it straight into town. Harley had a pack of cards for rummy. 
“Y’want?”
Bosch waved him off. Harley explained the basics for the Chink and lost two dollars.
“Little fucker.”
“Ya don’t gamble with no chink,” Bosch said. “Can’t read ‘em.”
“What’s his name again?” Harley broke open a Peacer, turning the cylinder between finger and thumb. 
Click, click. 
“Don’t remember.”
“Fong?”
“Maybe.”
“Tang.”
Bosch looked at the Chink. Cards spread in his lap, folding ‘em into birds and flowers. Big grin, bobbin’ one through the air in front of himself.
“Chang?”
“Maybe.”
“I am Feng Zhou,” said the Chink. He stopped bobbin’ and flicked the bird at Bosch.
“Now y’fuckin’ talk?”
“I knew he could talk,” Harley said.
“Like hell.”
“Ain’t surprised, though.”
Bosch pointed. 
“Never seen a chink go heels.”
“My hand was forced.”
“How,” Harley asked.
“It is simply the path upon which I found myself.”
“Revenge deal.”
“It is.”
“Why Voss.”
“He paid, allowing me to continue my quest.”
“So why you ain’t talk?” Bosch asked.
“You ask me that seriously?”
“Shit yes.”
The Chink scoffed. He knew Bosch knew. Any man knew. Chinks in mines, slavin’ in towns. The laundries, the josses. Little slices they cut out of some town to feel back home. 
“We had little to discuss anyway,” said Feng. “Unlikely you would take my counsel, regardless.”
“Could do,” Harley said. 
“No,” Feng coughed into his cheeks, putting a finger to his lips like there might be more in there. He swallowed. “No. My people, like the Mexicans, even the Africans, Mr. Harley, are unseen. While that is more hindrance than help, I have found the help of it quite agreeable.”
“So ya fuckin’ spy,” Bosch said.
“Spy?” Feng thought the word around. “Mmm, no. I simply observe without the added irritation of having to consider other opinions or being asked to give my own.”
“Take off the fuckin’ hat.”
“I will not.”
Bosch drank and sucked his teeth.
“So what’s yer fuckin’ o-pinion, then.”
Feng shrugged, folded another card.
“A question, really. If I am to die today, I would like to know why. What did you do, Mr. Bosch, to anger the forces we face?”
“Nothin’.”
“Such yana did not select you at random.”
“’Parently it did, Mr. Zoo.”
“No. Indian shaneed, the Granny hocus of the mountains, even the dark Christian sects, all conform to certain rules. The Mexican yana is no different. Even your fabled frontier knows a guiding hand.”
“Think how y’want.”
“Who are you to these creatures?”
“Nobody.”
“You are someone.”
“Ask ‘em. Hell, we seen it. You got the grasp.”
“Oh, some peasant hexes to ward off evil, certainly. But I know little of what you call the Fix. Real magic.”
“Me neither.”
“I think you do. And it has brought you to this place. Why?”
“Fuckin’ amulet.” Harley pointed.
“I was given to you, no?”
Bosch shrugged.
“Told me his brother did it,” Harley said. “I think that’s…” He wiggled a couple fingers at Morgan’s skull. “His remains, there.”
The Chink nodded.
“As I said, there is a purpose at play.”
“Like what?” 
“He was chosen, or his brother was. They remain connected. That bond is perhaps of interest to these demons.”
“Like what.”
“I am no holy man, so I cannot speak to such things. But Bosch is caught between two opposing forces. Those who wish to use him by giving him the amulet and those who wish to take it back.”
“Use it how.”
Feng looked at Bosch.
“Would you know this?”
Bosch was holding Morgan, running a thumb over the ridge of an eye socket.
“He’s talkin’ to him, I think,” Harley whispered.
Then Bosch turned in a crouch, eyes over the wall. He drew down.
“Here we go.”
Chapter 23
THE HORDE
Bosch had a forearm top o’ the wall, other arm crossed over with a Susie in hand. Harley knelt beside with a Henry. Feng stood behind both, hand on the heel of a Colt. 
“My God,” he said.
Over the river, a long, low cloud swirled across the grassland. A hundred men, side by side. They clobbered up dust and smoke and chunks of earth gone scorched beneath their hooves. Dim shapes inside of the men themselves and schooners with auras of bone flake and clawed cloth. 
“Fuck,” Harley said. He resettled his hat. “Fuck an’ then some.”
Bosch grunted. Man ain’t seen nothin’ yet.
The cloud was going shorter. As it growled toward the river, the ends cinched in. Like the flanks were cutting behind the men next to ‘em. Then again and once more and the whole procession made to tighten up.
“Doin’ a wedge,” Harley said.
“Nope.”
Cloud itself wasn’t taking shape behind itself, growing more dense and stretched long in the rear. Riders and wagons was falling back somehow, but not to take up in their wake. Plain and simple, the damn thing was just gettin’ smaller.
“What is happening?” Feng asked. “Where is it disappearing to?”
“It’s a wedge,” Harley said.
“Ain’t some fuckin’ wedge.”
“Then tell me. What.”
Half its size, the cloud was nearly at the river. Fifty men, handful of wagons. Then the ends closed again, thirty wagons. Then twenty-odd men and no wagons. Bosch could see it happening clearly, now. Wasn’t no one ridin’ off the ends to go behind. That wasn’t it. They was movin’ in like. Toward the center, toward that fucker middle of it all. Just riding in and...disappearing.
“Sumbitch,” Bosch muttered.
It was a dozen of ‘em then, one, thin line making for the river bank. Then the ones on the end was gone. Bled right into the one beside ‘em and it was ten.
These charged for the water, splashing right over the surface. Straight across, like a few inches of rain on a solid street. Halfway along it went eight, then six come barrelin’ up the ramp. Coats flapping like flames, their hemtails chewed and ratty. Horses snorting black vapor, eyes smoldering in their sockets. 
Then three fuckers rode straight through town, never stopping, never paying the least mind to the frozen souls around ‘em. Bosch followed this far as he could on his side, then crossed to another side. The riders stopped beneath the mission, demon in the center turning with a grin. A burned up, dried out shit with them bulging, cat-slit eyes.
“Bosch!” it cried, almost happy.
“Fuck me, that him?” Harley asked.
Voss chuckled with a throat full o’ warm blood and looked around. His horse thrashed its mane, a piece of the snout sloughing off. Two fools either side of him said nothin’. Heads down, brims down. 
“C’mon then, Bosch!”
Harley thumbed the yellowboy and made ready. 
“We goin’?”
Bosch nodded.
“That’s the way,” Voss said as Bosch and the others come out front of the place, guns low but ready.
“Voss,” Bosch said, stoppin’ off a piece.
“Don’t be shy,” the demon said. 
Nicked his horse around to face ‘em all. His two riders followed suit, necks still bent.
“Y’know my man, Wyndham.”
Wyndham brought his head up then, a lipless grin in the bottom of a face scraped to old bone. He had no eyes in the rot of what remained.
“An’ we found this poor soul on the way, thought we’d bring ‘im with.”
Lombardo raised up. No jaw, tongue like a snake flicking from the throat hole. Rest was peeled down to muscle, white veins running between the pink fillets packed around his cheeks and eyes. 
“Hsssssss!”
“Quite a trick yer friends got,” Voss said, hooking a thumb over his shoulder. “Whole damn town on them flats set to take my eternals.” He sat forward, fangs bared. “Thing is, my eternals long been sold. I have seen Beyond in my travels Bosch, an’ have the empire to prove it. A whole town of my own. Some other come to raid my kitchen, well, I’m afraid the cupboard is quite bare.”
Bosch felt the amulet grow warm against his chest. Voss sat back with a creak.
“Maybe not such a good trick then, huh? Yer priests? An’ now I got a whole dead army from roof to rafters.” He thumped his chest. “Right here.” 
He raised a gloved fist, a ball of fire whump! in a swirl around it. Bosch’s irons came up without a thought, hammers clicked. Harley on the rifle, Feng with them Colts.
“Re-lax, boys,” Voss said, the fire swirling. “This ain’t for you. Shee-it. We got a temple to get to. Gods t’find. Y’know the gods? They speak to you? Speak to me now, somethin’ awful. That temple has secrets to spare, Mr. Bosch and I plan to co-lect. C’mon, now.”
Voss hyahed, his other two wheelin’ with. They clobbered down main street, the town come suddenly to life in their wake. Bosch turned at a pair of señoras breezing past, laughing. Gunshots in the distance, shouts. Dogs, kids, wagon clatter. Voss laughed his way through it, that burning hand held high.
Bosch looked around for a horse and turned sudden at a pair rearing suddenly behind ‘em. Riders shouted in Spanish at what, to them-like, was the unworkable arrivance of three men in their path. 
Bosch grabbed one by the shirt and tore him down. He swung a leg into the saddle hyah! and slashed his reins. Couple dummies passing a bottle jumped aside – ¡Cuidado, cabrón! – as he dug heels down the street.
Up ahead, the whole town ignored Voss and his boys, blazing a hell of hoof sparks and oily smoke. They charged for the end of town, for the high wall set up against the jungle beyond. Voss didn’t look back, didn’t hold up. 
And as he fixed to run smack into it, that demonfire flew from his fist and tore the world right open.
Chapter 24
THE TUNNEL
Bosch rode for the portal. That’s what it become, that burst of light. A crackling circle in the wall itself, brambles o’ lightning wreathed all around. Its center was cored out and bent like a swirling funnel toward some distant point. The demons seemed to stretch away at the threshold, then vanish right along it. 
Bosch felt likewise a moment later. His horse’s snout pulled like taffy, then its neck. His own face stretched ahead and suddenly he was racing on behind Voss and crew. Far end, black ribbons unraveled from the flickering pinhead of an exit.
Up the curved wall of the thing was men and motion. Scenes in motion, Mex in loincloths and headdress. Flat, like a photograph, but all in color and they moved. Fools raisin’ their fists, backlit by torches as they ran through the jungle. Bosch saw the ziggurat, the Priest King on top behind his glowing green altar. The city roared below and shook their spears.
These were his fuckin’ dreams or Bosch could go hang. The sacrifice in that first big chamber that brought down the gods. The green rock chopped to an altar. Then more sacrifice, more prayers to line things up in the dark and stars. That swirl of a world, all green itself and pointed at the Earth.
He saw the Priest King’s own brother, the king himself, twinned up like Bosch and Morgan. Killed and thrown off the ziggurat steps. Then chaos as the mad priest’s army swept the countryside. Slaves in chains, piles of gold. Women clutching children as their villages burned. A city cheering for another conquered king laid across the altar, his guts torn out. 
The snakes burned. Knotted on that green rock, ass to mouth and set fire. Ash smeared across the Priest King’s chest. Preparing his soul for what come next. That was last night, Bosch tearing through his sheets in a cold sweat. Now it’d all play out. 
Man’s face curved along the tunnel now, gold mask gleaming, spit strung between rows of teeth on a shout of unknown words. The black coin of an eclipse rose up on result, edged in yellow. Priest lay on his godstone altar, arms raised. High above, that smooth, green world slid into place.
Voss cheered it, shaking a fist as he thundered on. His boys kept to themselves, backs hunched, reins lashing. Bosch felt like he was gaining, but couldn’t say how. Voss stayed the same up ahead while them ribbons at the end grew big as big. Big enough to see they wasn’t ribbons. Bosch didn’t know the word but knew from a living thing. A black, snakeskin shine and corpse-white beneath. Circles there, a mess of ‘em, that puckered like mouths.
He looked back at the tunnel wall, at the Priest King holding his own gold dagger between his fists. Like to jab it straight down, while the city killed itself shoving close to the ziggurat and shout a prayer. 
Then a sharp grunt, eyes popping behind that golden mask. Blade deep with a twist at the end. Knees up as he pissed himself, a blast of shit sprayed from under him. 
“Like that, son?!” Voss shouted, with a laugh from a cold cellar.
The tunnel run with blood then, all rain on a window. Between the streaks, the priest froze in place. Fists over the hilt, legs flopped with a foot hung off the edge. The man seemed to smile, eager for all that waited on the other side.
And the altar began to melt. A burned candle pooling into a rotted center. The priest sunk into it, oozing as he went. Into a brick of green butter under a match as the sides caved in. 
When it finally collapsed, it seeped to the edge of the ziggurat steps and went cold. The color hardened up and began to glow. Bubbles formed at the center. They piled into a fat, wiggly pillar that split up the middle. 
A pair o’ stumpy legs parted and planted themselves in the mess. They bent a bit and shook the top half, slithering out four dripping arms from the sides. Blank, white eyes opened middle of the trunk and up they went, into a head roundin’ itself above the shoulders.
Second head slurped out the neck right beside. Beaks like a bird come with and long, pointed ears for each. Whole deal dried up in a blink, firming itself to a hard, slick jade. And there stood a livin’ statue of an alien goddamn king. 
Big bastard flexed its muscled arms, back arched to roar twin plumes of fire against the black sun. Sculpted wings unfurled, polished tail lashing. The monster leapt from the ziggurat then and beat its way into the sky. Flames shrieked upon the city and burned paper skin on crusted bones. The vapor of scoured souls shrouded the streets.
Then Bosch heard the yell and looked up front, Voss all caught in them writhing black snakes. His boys along with, wrapped and wrung and yanked on through.
Bosch cried out at the puckering sucker mouths closing over him. Felt one clamp on his neck with a tongue in it. Somewhere, Voss laughed and laughed. 
And he was heaved into the jungle, air on his face, branches batting out fires that weren’t there. Voss clambered on, smacking away ferns and leaves, Lombardo and Wyndham right behind.
Bosch charged on their trace, ignoring bird noise, bug noise, animals all makin’ a fuss. A glance over his shoulder at Feng and Harley, hunched down as their horses jumped from the circle of witchlight. Harley held his hat as flames licked from the vanishing portal. 
“Jesus fuckin’ Christ!”
Bosch kept on, the amulet grown hot now against his chest. He slapped the reins, hyah! along Voss’ stomped-down trail. 
Ahead, the demon and his boys leapt over some deadwood across the way and disappeared in a haze of smeary sunlight. Another whoop and holler. Bosch knew why.
He caught up a moment later, yankin’ his mount to a stop in one fist, clutching the amulet in his other. Like holding a blazing coal that thing, like grinding a stogie into his palm. 
“Here she be!” Voss called and turned in the saddle.
He sat in the shadow of leaning pillars crashed against cracked stone buildings. Vines draped rotted huts. Between it all, paving stones had been parted by weeds and weather. Misty shafts shone through gaps in the canopy overhead. Mosquitoes hummed through.
Bosch paid it no mind and let the amulet drop to his chest. He spit on his palm with a sizzle and wiped it. Nudged his heels and nicked the horse on through. Up ahead, he could see it between some buildings. The ziggurat. 
Monkeys perched on wreckage. Red and blue parrots soared overhead. 
He paid ‘em no mind.
Chapter 25
THE PRIESTS
Bosch swung a leg off and walked toward the temple. Put a boot on the first step and stared to the top. The amulet pulsed against him yet, but less so, as though satisfied things were on their proper course.
“Gone learned a thing or two on them salty flats, Mr. Bosch,” said the demon. “More’n I ever did from some old book.”
Harley and Feng creaked in their saddles and jumped down. Wyndham and Lombardo turned on their horses, hands to their heels.
“No, no, we all come to commiserate,” said Voss. He waved his boys to swing a leg off and c’mon. Flung a hand at Bosch.
“G’wan, Mr. Bosch,” he said and Bosch scuffed his boots on up those mossy, pitted steps. Voss led the rest in tow, single-file, let’s everyone just relax.
“Our amulet there ain’t a man-made thing,” said the demon. “Aware o’ that, Bosch? Shee-it. Always thought it was, shows what I know. Them pictures I put up the tunnel, that’s only yer half the story. The Priest King’s half. The half inside that amulet.”
Bosch ignored him and kept on.
“That king alien sumbitch, you saw his planet back there? Well, he fixes to burn this city down. Ol’ ziggy here, everything. Take them souls and go burn some more. Take more souls and burn more still. Burn the world, if he can. Take all them souls. So guess what.”
Bosch could figure it. Prayers. Whole city on their knees here, hands to the sky.
“Prayers!” Voss cried. “Oh, mercy! Merciful gods on high! Not a soul left in their bodies, but they prayed, sir. And I’ll tell ya it shouldn’ta worked, but the fuck of it is? Came off like a peach. Ain’t that the comedown? Their one true god, banished from homes n’ hearths by the mad priest, listened an’ come runnin’. Know the sumbitch I mean there, Bosch?”
Bosch didn’t know from Mex gods but the one.
“You know,” Voss said. “Goddamn chicken snake. The feathered serpent. They went ‘mercy me’ and the fucker showed up in the sky. Like it had a choice? Else what. Whole empire goes extinct and he’s forgotten?
“Can’t have that, shee-it. So that big green fucker’s ready to make his play, snaky tied himself in a knot all around him! Squeezed with godly power. Godly! Strangled the shit outta that monster. Every soul gets coughed out the damn thing down to the very last. Know who that was? The last one out?”
Bosch said ‘fuck it’ halfway up and sat on the steps. Voss kept goin’ a step past and turned, thumbs in his belt. Bosch bent an ear just right, he swore he could hear those hundred souls swimming around the demon’s guts.
“Any idea?” Voss asked. He looked to the others down the steps, leg up on the next one, hands on their thighs, on their heels. “No? Our high-priest-king, that’s right! And ol’ snaky snaps that fool right out the air and chews him up in his bird-god beak. Spits out that amulet o’ yers in trade.” 
Bosch snapped a match under his thigh and cupped it. Blew out a cloud. Tapped the ash. 
“An’ now, our Priest King is trapped inside that necklace an’ the alien fucker himself, cold as stone now? Appears in the ziggurat, yessir. Down in the bowels o’ that heap. Amulet was hung ‘round his neck like a torture, too. Our priest’s too evil for paradise, too good for damnation. So in limbo he sits. Sits in that necklace, right against his greatest desire, unable to get back inside.
“And them priests who led the prayers, them gents in red, decided repentin’ wasn’t enough. They’d stood by while too much happened. The Priest King’s little wars, the sacrifices, the intrigues. So they told the city to go an’ vacate. Flee! For all the horrors that remain! The bad mojo, that is. Whole place was tainted, no good could come from it.”
Bosch uncapped his flask and took a long drink. Tossed it to Harley. Headed on past Voss. 
“Locked they ownselves up in the ziggurat,” said the demon, comin’ up behind. “Sat in a circle around that stone alien sumbitch ‘til the day they died. Gold heaped up around ‘em, all that pilfer? Darin’ men to come get it. Set traps all inside this place, their dead souls roamin’ around. A big ol’ haunt to keep anyone from gettin’ inside. Won’t happen, they says. No man should ever behold such evil.”
Bosch flicked his smoke away, an eye up top. The jungle breathed around him. Birds rawked, beasts roared. Fuck, it was hot.
“Morgan got in,” Bosch said and held up the amulet, let it drop to his chest.
“No,” said Voss. “Yer brother ain’t never seen this place.”
Bosch scoffed. Bullshit. Morgan found it, got himself killed, and rode what was left of his soul to that goddamn town. 
“You don’t believe it, that’s yer own lookout,” said Voss. “But some other stole the necklace. Man named Royce. Hunnerd years ago, last time the planets lined up. When that happens, the city shows up. But day before the planets, day durin’ and the day after, mad priest has the most power ‘round here. He can come out the amulet and do his mischief. That is, provided someone has his hands on it, which Royce did.
“And when he did, Priest King killed him dead. Right in the jungle as the fool ran off. Now, I imagine that was with some special knowin’ of things. Given Mr. Priest’s power at the time, crazy fucker maybe knew Morgan Bosch would come along one day. Maybe he was just glad to be free of the temple. But whatever way it stands, that ol’ boy needs a twin to truly escape. A twin soul like yer brother so he can use ‘im. Twins is the only way it works. Pair o’ matched souls for that alien sumbitch to make it live.”
Bosch knew that. Knew Singer had brought Morgan down here, maybe with a whole crew. Lookin’ to get inside the ziggurat, but what. Morgan found the amulet first? Why not. It’d called to him. Called a twin out of his camp one night, made him take it off some fool’s rotted ribcage in the dark jungle. Made him put it on.
“Killed ‘im right dead,” said Voss. “Second ol’ Morgan put that goody on, he was dead. And now the priest had half what he needed. One twin trapped in that amulet alongside himself. Then he lets ol’ Morgan go and give it to you and...shee-it. You know what happened then.”
Bosch knew. Sure enough, he knew. He took his last step and stood on top the ziggurat and looked out over the city below. He knew. Second he put that amulet on, it went and killed him. 
He’d been dead this whole fuckin’ time.
Chapter 26
THE TOMB
Bosch stood front of the stone square on top of the temple, like a mausoleum or some such. Four sides facing each set of steps leading up, four doors in each side. 
“Open this up and let’s get on.” The demon turned to their little crew. “How we all doin’?”
Harley smoked a smoke and looked out at the jungle, unconcerned. One hand on a Colt, as it should be. Feng kept his own counsel under that coolie, but was plenty keen on things, no doubt. The demon’s two boys stayed quiet yet, lookin’ at each other or their own boots and that was fine by Bosch. 
He gripped the amulet and winced for a little heat. He touched that hand to the door.
“What’s it sayin’?” Voss asked.
Bosch ignored him. There was metal caps, like boltheads, studded along each doorframe. Trick was pushin’ right ones the right way.
The demon was lookin’ at him. Bosch stared back.
“Yer own soul’s in that thing too,” said the demon, gesturing to the amulet. “Same as yer brother.”
“And.”
“Not a thing. Tells me we where we need to be, is all.”
“Sure about that?”
“Sure as sugar.”
Bosch pressed one of the bolts with a click.
“Ever think on why he ain’t told you what it do?” said the demon.
“Who.”
“Yer brother, son! Goes and hands that thing off, kills you up just like that.”
Voss snapped his fingers, bone showin’ through the knuckles.
Oh, Bosch knew, no question. It was Morgan’s mess, meant Bosch cleaned it up. If that meant he got himself killed for the effort, then killed he’d be. Wasn’t polite, wasn’t preferred, but that was the way.
He pushed another bolt, then a third.
“How ain’t no one stoppin’ us,” said Harley. “Thought them red fuckers ran the place.”
“Still got them traps,” said Voss. “Amulet speak on where to step in there, Mr. Bosch?”
“Nope.” 
And there wasn’t. A man couldn’t make it past the traps, no way he could survive goin’ up against the big green sumbitch. 
Last bolt. 
Click. 
The doorway squalled inward, slow as ages. Huff o’ humid stink hit Bosch in the chest. He breathed it in.
“Out the way,” said the demon and pushed Bosch off. He waved to Lombardo.
“C’mon, now.”
Lombardo looked pissy about it but put a hand to his hat and ducked on in. Stood up inside, square room, stairs in the center leading down. He stomped the floor, waved a hand around. Nothin’.
Torches just inside and Voss reached in to grab one out the bracket. Before Bosch could pop a match, the demon blew on it and she blazed up fine.
“Here.”
He shoved it into Bosch’s fist and followed him in. The others crowded through as the door whammed shut with a shotgun boom. Harley lit up another torch and passed it to Feng, then moved across for his own.
“Let’s git to it, then,” said the demon and flicked a hand at Lombardo on down the steps. 
It was a narrow set, open air on one side down into the dark. One the other Bosch could see a switchback, their stairs ending at a landing then curving back the way they come. Something on one of the steps there, too. Looked like a bone or piece of wood. Bosch kept quiet and slowed up some to let Lombardo hit the landing with plenty of space between ‘em.
As the man turned to take the second set of steps, there come the click and a swoosh of air. Lombardo looked up, just in time for two logs end to end smashing him square in the fuckin’ head. 
BOOM!
“Jeezus!” Voss cried and Bosch heard the shuck of Susies out their holsters, hammers clicked.
Then the logs retracted, smooth poles with taut drumheads nailed around. They parted with a long string of blood between, Lombardo’s decapitized corpse still standin’ there.
“You see that comin’?” Voss asked.
Bosch jumped off his last step and dropped down to the next set past the landing.
“Nope.”
“Fuckin’ lies.”
Bosch kicked the piece of bone off the side and kept on down. Looked back at the others followin’ suit, Harley stabbing out a leg to boot Lombardo into the dark.
End of the second stairs, a stone walkway led over a gap, wind howlin’ below. Other side was a thick stone doorframe with a stone slab set inside. Torches either side of it were lit, everyone’s shadows jumpin’ across the floor.
Lever in a small alcove inside the frame, Bosch reaching in to pull it down. The clank of metal gears all around, then the slab slid up. A cloud o’ dust gushed out, fluttering their torches. Bosch coughed and narrowed his eyes.
All dark inside, what the torch could reach showin’ cobbles on the floor, pictures etched in the walls left and right. Everything dark all the way up.
“C’mere,” Bosch said and crooked a finger at Harley. The man shouldered through and Bosch plucked his hat off.
“Hey!”
He tossed it in, a stone block slamming down a few feet inside, then cranking slowly back up. Bosch ducked under as it went, Harley cursing and snatching his hat off the cobbles. 
Bosch touched the amulet as they went, tryin’a feel for anything else. Nothing but stairs at the end, leading down through a narrow archway. Another twist at a landing, another switchback down to another door.
He and Harley stood outside, waitin’ on Voss and Wyndham. Feng managed to bring up the rear, now. Bosch caught his eye a moment, then pulled the next lever.
Slab slid up, same as above. Bosch made to grab Harley’s hat and got smacked aside.
“Use yer fuckin’ own!”
“I’ll use mine,” said Feng and Bosch stepped away. Voss moved aside too, as the Chink come out behind Wyndham. Not alla way, mind, just enough to see where he’d be shovin’ that poor fool through the door.
“Fucker!” Voss shouted, but too late. The walls drove hard, black iron spikes jutting in rows along each. 
Wyndham caught his breath gettin’ stabbed through, then was cut off as the walls met. They come apart on a splashed slop bucket o’ bones and blood. Slippery cuts of meat slid across the floor and left trails. Bosch stopped something with his boot, a kidney maybe.
He reached around the doorframe and tugged another lever. 
He led ‘em on through.
Chapter 27
THE VAULT
More stairs then, more landings, another one with the swinging logs but they moved quick enough. Bosch tested it with a boot, then pulled back as they slammed overhead. He waved ‘em all on as the logs clicked back to position.
Next room was arrows shot from the walls, no good for Feng catching one in the ribs. He cried out and fell into Harley. Bosch got two in the leg, one in the belly. 
“Fuck!”
Harley got it in the arm, moving in time though, for one clipping his ear. 
Voss was a goddamn pincushion but it weren’t no mind. He laughed and made fists ‘til they glowed with fire and the shafts burned to ash and blew away.
Last room was a long pool with a narrow bridge. Couple feet wide it went, few feet above the surface. Acid or some such down there, bubbling up and makin’ painful vapors. Sloped walls to either side, meeting in an A at the ceiling. Door at the end, opened as you please, if they could make it.
Harley held Feng under the arm, dragged him on, bleeding down his leg. Coughed into his fist like a lunger. Voss brought up the back and sucked in big chestfuls of that hot, bleached air and blew it out in rings. 
“Quite a nostrum!” he said and spit a gooey splat into the pool. “Clearin’ me right up!”
It wasn’t no simple walk, though. Second they stepped on the bridge, the pool began to rise and boil all the harder. But the path was wet and slick and made for careful goin’. Bosch’s boots steamed where he led the way, his heels slipping as they melted. Then Harley and Feng, with Harley throwing him the last few feet and diving away as the bridge finally sunk under. Voss got it up to the knees and showed shinbones as he made the exit. 
Takin’ the steps down to another landing, he took a squat to pat those ragged, smoking sticks and a swirl of fire curled around ‘em. Took on the shape of a new leg and that was that. Pants was torn and tattered below the knee but his legs was legs. Or mostly, ‘til they went rotten as the rest of him a moment later.
Bosch waited at the last door ‘til he caught up. The vault door, split down the middle with heavy ring handles. He glanced at Harley and Feng. Feng coughed some more and wiped his mouth red. Harley had tore his own arrow out quick but the Chink’s was deep. Bosch ripped his too, out his legs and belly. No blood, but a little meat from inside. Like dry oatmeal.
The demon come on ahead then and stopped at the door. Torches burnin’ either side, shadows flickering this way and that.
“We here?”
Bosch resettled his hat and lit a cigarette.
“Yep.”
“Ain’t no gimmicks or nothin’.”
“Nope.”
“You’d tell me.”
Bosch didn’t have a choice. Only man could remove the amulet with its two souls inside was the fool tryin’a wake the alien king. That for damn sure wasn’t Bosch.
“Ain’t nothin’ in there, George.”
The demon slammed his palms on both halves and shoved the doors open. A glow from in there, greenish glow shinin’ off all that gold.
Whole cavern heaped high with coins, heaps twice high as a man. Hills of ‘em rolling into the distance and dotted with jewels. Chests of bars sat open, weapons and headdress set in racks against the rough walls. Tapestries hung above ‘em or leaned in tree trunk rolls. Armor suits stood guard with a jungle o’ stuffed animals. Big cats mostly, spotted ones, black ones, all in some crouch with their fangs showin’. Nothin’ though, compared to that green sumbitch.
There he was on his own pedestal out center of it all. Four arms crossed on his chest, wings folded back. Pedestal itself was a round thing, couple feet high, edge carved with symbols and faces. Harley helped Feng over to some chests and lay him down. Bosch and Voss kept on toward the alien king, boots clinkin’ through loose doubloons and kickin’ away diamonds.
Fucker was ten, twelve feet tall, at least. Figures kneelin’ around the pedestal, skeletons in rotted robes. Red robes, if they had any color once. Skulls bowed, hands like they was prayin’.
Bosch wiped the back of his neck and looked up. Squinted into the dark with all the pointed rocks hanging down. Shades, mostly smoke n’ sounds, floatin’ in slow circles.
Harley coughed behind him and his legs went. He fell into a heap of coins and lay there. Legs out, head back.
“Fuck’s with you?”
Man grunted and tried to raise an arm.
“Ain’t just...just arrows. Had somethin’.”
“Poison?”
“Somethin’.” His eye fluttered. “Some damn thing.”
“Hey.”
Bosch toed his boot.
“Mm.”
“Harley.”
“Yep.”
The demon gave him a nudge.
“Let’s go, Mr. Bosch.”
Bosch turned back. The sumbitch glared down. For a moment, Bosch felt the snakes round his arms, squeezin’ tight.
“Nigger friend’s done,” said Voss. “Chink’s done, spic priests here all done. Just us, now.”
He motioned up the pedestal.
“Step on.”
Hand to a knee, Bosch grunted up the thing and stood front of the statue. The demon joined him, bangin’ down a chest o’ coins first and shovin’ it ahead of himself. Then he stood on the pedestal, then the chest, and swooped the amulet off Bosch’s neck on the way.
Bosch felt his eyes roll back, felt himself drop like a club to the head. But there he was, anyway, watchin’ it. Seein’ himself at the statue’s feet, eyes staring wide at the ceiling. Dead.
But he saw Voss too, on the coin chest, reaching up to loop the necklace over the sumbitch’s head. Saw all that, heard the clink of the amulet on the green stone. Watched Voss narrow an egg yolk eye and look right into it. Right into him. Right at him, lipless grin, cracks of his teeth stained yellow with coffee n’ smokes. Veiny purple tongue movin’ behind ‘em as he spoke.
“How ya be, son?”
It was like the fucker was lookin’ straight at him. Or more like, that Bosch was lookin’ back. 
Lookin’ back from inside the goddamn amulet.
Chapter 28
THE GODS
Bosch stood on a blasted deathscape o’ glowing green rock and gnawed mountains. Whole world inside that sumbitch was green. Pale green sun, dark green desert. A seething, snot-green sky. Pulsed like it was sore, like it been pinched hard and bit on. Ruins was white, temples, altars, all wrecked about and pushed over. But the rest was green. 
Morgan stood beside him, turning a boot on a heel to admire his toecap. He thumbed his brim back with a grin.
“Skitch.”
“Morgan.”
Bosch turned. Voss was at his other elbow. A pinpoint hovered over the demon’s shoulder, the eye of the amulet growin’ smaller ‘til it was gone. A voice boomed and they turned to the horizon.
WHO CHALLENGES MY RIGHT TO THIS REALM?
A tornado of smoke and ash was whirling over the mountains. It cut across the plain toward ‘em, growing taller and fatter as it went. Growin’ red eyes and long, brown arms. Then a leg stomped out and the arms swung wide. The wind and grit was flung off like a cloak and there stood the Priest King. A hundred feet if he was two and his shadow fell across the world.
Golden mask and tattered loincloth, jaguar teeth jangling at his throat. Snakes slithered around his arms and them clawed hands clenched to pull down the sky itself.
Then Bosch was thrown aside, Morgan catching him as Voss ran off with a demon roar. He swelled as he went, twenty, fifty, a hundred feet, too. Big with big legs planted, big fist swung out to catch the mad priest in his breadbasket. Another chop under the chin and the priest come forward, grabbing the demon’s frayed lapels and driving a knee into his nethers. And on it went, punchin’ and scrappin’, ground quaking for the hoorah.
Shapes stood on them distant peaks then, just appeared there, easy please. Young, gutted girls, slashed kings, cutthroat warriors all dripping blood. All silhouettes, their arms in the air as lightning lashed from their chests. It sizzled up and down the Priest King’s arms and legs in snarled tangles. The stricken shadows flailed as they poured it forth. It made his cat eyes crackle. 
Made ‘em flash like sunrise and he slammed Voss into the sky itself. Black cracks, long, toothy cracks grunted ‘cross the dome with fat, blocky chips o’ green glass dropping onto the sand.
The ground shook some more and Bosch caught his balance.
“Once someone wins, that’s that,” Morgan said.
“Thought they need us.”
“They did. We got ‘em in this place. Twin souls for the winner and the sumbitch. We bind ‘em together. Winner takes the sumbitch over and we get ground to grits. Blowin’ across this shitty green desert for all time.”
“You reckon a better take on things.”
“I do.”
Voss was swayin’ from a punch now, but far from gone. He stumbled back a few thunderous steps and wiped a lake o’ blood from his mouth. It doused some ruins and swept its pillars away. Then hooves splashed through the tide, waves washing over a hundred tiny horses as their dead riders charged for the demon’s battered boots. A cloud of ash and dust rode over their heads, blasting a fat scribble of lightning into Voss’ back. He thrilled like someone scratching an unreachable spot while crippled cursive scrawled across his shoulders. Then he stood up straight and gave another roar.
He stomped to the priest, one, two, uppercut, right cross. Priest blocked this last with a forearm and kicked the demon’s knee. Voss hopped back a piece and come in again, swing, swing, block, punch and that one right between the eyes. Plastered that golden mask, pieces busted off and streaking down like stars. Priest fucker laughed and wiped blood off, sloppin’ drops enough to drown a house.
“Here’s my thinkin’, Skitch,” said Morgan.
Bosch watched them fools fight and fired a smoke. 
“I’m listenin’.”
“We ain’t here,” said Morgan. “Y’git that? We just shades. Ain’t your arms and legs there, this ain’t my coat. It’s just a way o’ thinkin’ ourselves into shape.”
Bosch blew a cloud and waved it with a hand.
“Fuck is all this then.”
“It’s how shades do. Y’seen that, I seen that. Clothes they wear when they die, faces with blood or not, eyes like black pits if they want. Y’want a smoke, there’s a smoke.”
Bosch looked at his cigarette.
“Yer sayin’ we can leave.”
“I’m sayin’ I got a play and y’all back me.”
Morgan told it then and Bosch listened. He watched the fight, then watched his brother. Morgan kept talkin’. It was a helluva play.
Voss got knocked into the sun. Somehow, it happened. He stumbled for the punch and tripped on a mountain and reached out – there it was. The seepin’ green globe of the sun, hissing in his palm. He cursed and tore it off the sky and smashed it ‘cross the priest’s jaw.
CRASH!
Burst like a lantern, glass all over, but the light kept on. Another sun, behind Bosch. Grab that, there’d be another. And another still. Always be a sun there, shinin’ shit-green on everyone.
WHAM! come the knockdown and Voss was slammed against the curve of the sky once more. Made a good crack, too, and snaggled splits wiggled out. Chunky tooth pieces fell and broke on the ground. The demon coughed and hawked some red. 
“Y’hear what I mean?” said Morgan and Bosch didn’t. Heard the words, sure, but that was just words. Morgan said what to do, but how it got done was somethin’ else entire.
“I’m here or I fuckin’ ain’t,” Bosch said.
“You ain’t here,” Morgan said. “Not any man is here. Souls is here, just shades an’ wants an’ what you can do with it.”
“Don’t make a fuckin’ sense.”
“Yer fuckin’ here! Jus’ be up there, too. Hadda long time to think on it, Skitch. I been in here more’n you, I know my fuckin’ play. Just follow it up!”
Priest mashed a fist on Voss’ ear, then jerked a knee into some ribs. The demon leaned into it and whacked his forehead on the man’s nose, snarled a hand in his hair. Dragged that fool’s wide-eyed, grinnin’ head on back.
Then the demon bit that bulge stuck up out the curvy throat like he was starved. Chomped that apple like he’d been thinking about it all day. Buried his cheeks and chin in the spurting mess and tore out a mouthful. Spit it out a piece of train tunnel, a fat, gristly hose torn at both ends.
And Voss let the body fall with an endtimes boom against the mountains. Blood flowed from the throat hole and made oceans.
Then he licked his lips and grinned over the world. Raised his arms with a cry o’ triumph and touched his palms to the sky.
Chapter 29
THE PLAY
Bosch couldn’t see it from inside the sumbitch but knew it happened. In the temple, on that pedestal, the big fucker opened his eyes. His beaks went rawk! and them four arms flexed with gritty trails o’ dust sifting from its pits and elbows.
“C’mon, Skitch!” Morgan cried. “Yer fuckin’ dead! Start actin’ like it!”
He grabbed Bosch’s wrist and tore himself free. Free from this place, from his whole damn body. 
Bosch watched his brother split up the middle like a sack, like his clothes and limbs and even his face was painted on. And a gush of embers poured out, trailing a tattered ribbon. It was like that, the soul, like a ribbon caught on the wind, twisted and pulled a half dozen ways but seeming to float in place all the same.
Then it stretched to a spear straight ahead, a thrown spear spewing flakes of fire. And Bosch was following it, knowing he’d left his own self behind alongside Morgan. Two sacks crumpled to the ground on a pair of boots.
Up ahead, the demon’s fingertips pushed the sky like a window pane, cracks appeared under the tips. Like he’d mashed ten spiders with their legs stuck out. His eyes rolled white and those tombstone teeth stretched to fangs. A circle of flames swirled over his chest and burned his shirt to flutters. A symbol crackled within, beaked heads back to back, with smaller flames for lightning.
Bosch felt his ribbon start to spin. He curled round his brother and wrapped tight, the leather grip of a sword hilt or fine battle-axe. Then they spun with a train wheel shriek, thrown by the gods themselves, javelin straight. The air in front lit up and glowed the tip orange as a forge. Cracked orange with gummy black spots of ash. 
The green sumbitch began to tremble in its vault, pedestal shivering as pebbles shook from the ceiling. Bosch’s dead body flopped with the motion and splayed to his back at the alien king’s feet. Dead eyes open, tongue balled in his mouth.
And a pulse of fire broke round the sumbitch’s feet, a long tattered plume that shot up on up. He shoved his four fists at the sky. A hatch up there ground its slow way back, showing the cored out center of the ziggurat. A chimney shaft, straight to the top. 
It filled with curling flames, the alien god riding a bulge of boiling swells up to his knees. Twin heads chomped their beaks and flicked their forked tongues. 
Voss threw his arms out with a scream, two more of the same punched from his ribs. Bones shoved out on gouts of blood, wet, muscled arms slithering free. The circle on his chest was a crusty sore, the bird heads inside seeping yellow pus.
And the spear flew straight at him, long as a telegraph pole and just as thick. If he saw it coming, he didn’t worry. If he didn’t, his worries were over.
The stone box exploded on top of the ziggurat, the alien god streaking into the sky on a long, curved trail of fire. Its wings fumped open, beating huge gusts to carry it forth. It would fly until it saw Men and it would make them kneel. His own army to conquer the world and –
SHUCK!
The demon gasped and looked down at the shaft sticking out of his chest. He turned askance, his shadow showin’ how it come halfway out the back. 
Above the temple, the sumbitch seized in place, wings fluttering. It touched four stone hands to its chest and felt the cracks there.
Voss crumbled in place, flames from his eyes and mouth pouring lava down his chest. Rotted meat on a hook come loose and splatted the ground. Bones leaned out like trees in a mudslide and splashed into an ocean of blood.
The sound of thick screws turned in dry wood come from the sumbitch’s insides. There was a crack up its belly. A chip broke off and tumbled toward the smashed-out ziggurat. He was webbed in black cracks. Lights like diamonds shone through. The amulet vibrated against his stone throat, some lid on a hot kettle.
Voss collapsed to wet heaps and piles and drowned the mountains. Slick packages slurped over one another through rib bone fences. The spear dropped on top with a sizzle and disappeared.
The sumbitch opened its beaks to scream as it detonated across the sky. A whole other sun up there, shivering hot and hammered to a thin disc. A mist of green salt scattered over the jungle and blew away. Birds flapped in panic, animals cried and rattled the trees to flee it. Echoes grumbled for miles and fell off the horizon.
Bosch sat up on the pedestal. Patted himself, his throat, his cheeks. Wiggled the fingers of his fucked up hand. All the fingers, nothin’ fucked. Harley come awake on his heap o’ coins, hand clapped to his neck.
“Fuck wazzat?”
Bosch stood and dusted off his hat. Slapped it on. 
“Bosch?”
The pedestal was a black hearth, scorched in flames pushed over the floor. Idol was gone, skeletons was gone. No spirits on the ceiling, neither. How he weren’t burned to blackness he didn’t know. How Harley stood there, he didn’t know.
“I fuckin’ died, son,” said Harley. He peeled the rag off his eye and blinked around.
Bosch patted himself and lifted his shirt. No cigar burn gunshots, no slashes. Clothes was still shitty and tore on, but there he was. He glanced at Harley.
“How you at?”
“I jus’ fuckin’ said! Stood right fuckin’ here lookin’ down.”
“Dead.”
“I was a fuckin’ shade, right here. Right where I’m at.”
“Chink around? Feng!”
They moved toward the pile where they put him and there he was. Laid out, still starin’ beyond.
“Aw, shit.”
Clanked through the coins to kneel down, Bosch touching his throat like he seen done. No thup-thup under the skin. He tore off the coolie and patted a cheek. 
“Fuck.” 
They laid him out proper and folded arms over his stomach. Flung open the chest he died on and crastled a handful o’ goody. Put it between the man’s hands and said some words.
The room gave a tremble and they turned behind. Wall opposite where they come in, split down the middle. Halves drawin’ back on a bright light, shapes moving within.
Bosch stood slow and felt for a Susie. Harley shucked one out right beside.
“Ready when you are,” he said.
Chapter 30
THE DEAL
They stood outside at the base of the ziggurat. Stones tumbled down and half-sunk in the soft ground when the sumbitch blasted out the top. Nothing else in the world where they left it, though. Sky sliced left and right, a smoky red sky to one, a bruised blue twilight crawling up the stars for another. All else was jungle but trees either burned or shushed softly, depending.
Paradise and perdition, harps and hooks. People ran screaming through the former, backs blazing, faces peeled to skulls as they clawed the air. Those hooks was held by their demon tormentors, wings flapping, tails lashing. They laughed and laughed.
Bosch looked down at his feet, one boot in one, other in the other. Harley stood a pace behind him, same deal. They tried movin’ to one side but no soap.
Mex 1 appeared from the left, taking cover behind a boulder. A demon landed beside it and glared about. Wyndham stood some yards off, looking at his own feet. One step, he could take his place with the angels, but he wouldn’t move. 
Voss was tore across the sky, pulled like a snarling polecat between a pair o’ devils. They got their talons sunk deep and had their fun. Pieces of their boy dropped to the ground and steamed like turds.
There was no looking away from any of it, much as Bosch tried. He could feel Harley behind him, his own eyes bulging at the sight. 
Voss’ riders charged out the smoke and ash for the center line, whipping their reins for a flock of demons on their trace. Only a few o’ them fools made it that far though, horses snorting forth, the rest bursting to blown smoke and sucked back to the abyss. Bosch felt his neck give as they passed by and his head twisted over to that calm, blue scene.
Oh, that shake o’ stars up there was peaceful. Slice of moon all high and happy. Handful of folks in the shade of them trees. Rivera and Soto, he saw and even Cantú. Lombardo, too. Each of ‘em talked low among themselves and turned to watch the hellfire ‘cross the way.
“Feng,” said Harley and sure enough, a figure stepped from the shadows over there, smiling under that coolie.
Bosch tried askin’ how come he stay. C’mon back, they all three could make a go. The Chink seemed to smile at this. Then shook his head and turned away.
Another figure met him from beneath a tree. Bosch only got a glimpse in the moonlight, a women in silky pajamas and her hair piled high. She embraced her man and said things. They held hands and faded into the darkness. The rest all followed, Lombardo giving Bosch a nod, Rivera smiling, and that was that.
Didn’t seem a soul was left and Bosch wondered if he had to turn and look upon damnation again. And the shadows moved some more. The rustle of ferns as an arm brushed them back, and Morgan stepped out. He nudged his brim up with a grin. Bosch tugged his own in reply.
Then quiet. 
They looked toward the flames, the demons fled, the damned paid up. Smoke drifted on the ashy ground, trees crackled as they burned. The red sun bulged in the sky and seemed to drip.
What then if he walked over there? They come clawin’ out the trees for him? Or toss him back over? He looked at Harley, who didn’t seem to wonder. Harley watched the birds on the other, paper cutouts on top the trees, chirping at the stars.
“You won’t be attending either side today,” come the voice and the scene was done. 
Jungle out there, wet and green and the sky was blue enough above. Even some sun left. Bosch wiped his eyes and looked around for the voice, whoever it was. Long, red robe and hood, arms held together under the drooping sleeves.
All the rest of ‘em come out behind trees and rocks, then and Bosch turned follow ‘em all. Soon enough he and Harley were back to back in a circle of fools.
“You should take a little something for your trouble,” said one and they all tossed a hand, coins clinking over Bosch’s boots. “It will be all that remains of the empire after today.”
“We need not conceal this place,” said another, “but without us, it cannot stand any longer.”
“We have been freed,” said a third, “and for that, we give you your lives.” 
“You will see things now you cannot un-see.” 
“Be things you cannot un-be.”
“Remember us then, and do what is right.”
“Which is what,” said Bosch.
“What needs doing.”
And the priests were gone and the ground shook and Bosch clapped a hand to a heel. Jesus! Harley cried as the ziggurat began to vibrate, its edges blurred. Long, drunken cracks drove up from the base. More stones trembled and dropped and smashed on the ground. Shards spun and Bosch put an arm up but they never hit. Harley leaned back a piece to watch one fling slow-motion past his eyes. 
Whole city went then, ruins dragged down, whole clouds of dust shoving over their legs. It got too much and they shut their eyes, hands to their ears for the noise. The whole world broke in a seething, black fury.
“BOSCH!” Harley cried but it was a sound from underwater.  
Then silence.
“You say somethin’?” Bosch asked.
A breeze blew, the sun kept going. A few birds paddled over the trees, long tails trailing loose feathers. 
Jungle all around still, both in in a clearing of ferns and flowers. Grown like they’d been at it for years. No holes in the ground, no leaning walls or dead doorways. Coins at their feet.
Harley smoothed out one of his black cigarillos. Bosch flinked a doubloon off his thumb and caught it. It was time.
Horses nearby, snuffling under some trees. The very ones they brought. Others gone off, maybe. Maybe they never been there.
Bosch stuck a boot in and swung a leg over. Harley followed. They looked at each other. 
Harley smoked, Bosch resettled his hat.
They rode on.
Chapter 31
THE EPILOGUE
They come to a town, up a dusty road. Adobe loaves mostly, set to cool in the sunset. Shutters bangin’, clothes flappin’ on lines strung roof to roof. Not a soul.
Bosch shifted in his saddle and looked around.
“Ain’t much,” said Harley, ridin’ beside.
They dropped down front of a cantina and tied up. Beads for a door and low voices inside. A little laughter.
Bosch couldn’t speak on why they was there, but they was. It’s how it went. Last couple weeks, they just showed up places. Trouble when they got there and they took to sortin’ it. Seemed their piece o’ work, now. 
Harley bitched then and said it was their own choice to help and maybe not always. A man had to live. Bosch said that could be, but a soul got reckoned at the end. They’d seen it. Hooks and fire and they’d seen it. It waited for a man who let the world happen to him. Some town was there in front of ‘em, a man was dead or a woman screaming, the choice was made for ‘em.
“I’m gettin’ a drink,” said Harley and thumped a step up the porch.
“Not yet.”
Bosch looked down the street. A hat wheeled across, tumbling on its brim. Was that a gun?
“Fuck you goin’?” Harley asked but followed all the same.
Bosch bent for the Susie. Decent Colt. 
Tossed it over. Harley spun it. Clapped it open, then shut.
“Worth a buck or two.”
Bosch kept on and grabbed the hat blown up against a doorway. Blood on the door itself. He opened it.
“Jesus,” Harley said.
Table and chairs tipped over front of a cold fireplace. Pictures knocked down, shit smashed on the floor. More blood. Bosch knelt down and scraped some up on a fingernail.
“Fuck you doin’?”
Bosch stood.
“Let’s check the rest.”
“Go ask the cantina.”
“Cantina knows, y’think they gonna tell us?”
“We ain’t need’a check the rest. Ain’t no one around.”
Man was right. Whole town was an empty house feeling. ‘Cept the cantina, but that just made it worse. 
“Fine,” Bosch said.
“We get my fuckin’ drink now?”
“I said fine.”
Bosch parted the beads and stepped inside. A good dozen fools with their elbows on the bar or a scatter of tables. Skinny vaqueros and big bandits, all dirt-smudged cheeks and long, black mustaches. They sipped from jugs of beer and stared under their big hats. A few hands dropped to some iron. No bartender, piano player, no gals hoofin’ drinks.
Bosch leaned next to a fat ol’ boy in a wide sombrero. Gun belts and bandoliers. Looked a real piece. Grabbed the boy’s bottle and toasted him. Took in the blood. On the bar, the floor, splashes, spatters, wide, painted trails from draggin’ bodies into the back. Mirror over the bar was busted, brass on the floor. Knife stabbed in a table, someone’s finger rolled up against the wall.
Fatboy cocked an eyebrow as Bosch drank up. Slammed the bottle down.
“Say hey.”
“¿Ustedes chicos perdieron?” Fatboy asked.
Bosch turned to Harley behind ‘im.
“Asks if we’re lost,” said Harley.
“We ain’t lost.”
“I know that.”
“Just shut up and tell ‘im.”
“No estamos perdidas,” said Harley.
“Damn right,” said Bosch. He looked around. “No fuckin’ estamos.”
“No perdidas.”
“What?”
“Nothin’.”
Bosch looked at Fatboy. Licked a thumb and swiped the man’s nose. Held it out, all red.
“Missed some.”
“Quien carajo eres tu, guey?”
“Who the fuck are we,” said Harley.
“¿Sois un par de héroes, entonces?”
“Asked if –”
“Nah, they speak okay. Huh?”
Fatboy smiled.
“Shoor, we gossum English. That better?”
And the crew all laughed and laughed looked at each other. 
“What abow chu?” asked a vaquero. Over at a table. “Wha chu got, vato?”
“They got prollems!” Fatboy laughed and everyone laughed again.
“Hahahahahaha!”
“They do!”
“They do got prollems!”
“But guns too!”
“Hahahahahaha!”
“Pew pew!”
“Hahahahahaha!”
Fatboy stood fast then and knocked his stool back. Caught Bosch by the throat same as Harley’s pistol come out, click, but Bosch had it. His knife slashed Fatboy’s face, a deep one over the cheek and nose and Fatboy stumbled back, hand up, red spurting between his fingers.
“Carajo!” he cried.
Chairs clattered, tables shoved aside as the room got up. Harley went both hands full, hammers back. 
“Easy now,” he said. 
Fatboy scowled over that hand, like a mask under his eyes. He took it down and shook it off. Let the flaps hang under his jaw, showin’ snakeskin underneath. Flaps like rubber, like an actual mask.
Bosch stared. 
“Fuck izzis?”
“You gah sum shit now, pendejo,” said a fool and his brothers grumbled. One of ‘em worked his tongue around and stuck it out. Hssssssssssss! like a jabbed spear parted in a fork and the two ends flickered.
“Ah, shit,” said Harley.
Whole bar reached into their collars, then. Fatboy too, and tore in with their nails and shucked off wet faces from smooth, scaled heads. Held ‘em in their fists, stretched mouth and eyeholes hung screaming. Dropped ‘em with a flop on the hardwood. Jaws unhinged with a hiss on pink cobra mouths full of fangs.
Harley fired as they ripped their shirts open and leapt out their own bodies. Left clothes and belts and boots behind. Sleek, snake bodies lashed their tails and swiped talons in the air.
Bosch stuck his blade in Fatboy’s neck and palmed his Susie empty in the fool’s guts. Harley went down under that screaming pile o’ demons and Bosch reloaded. Harley’s Peacer went pop-pop inside the heap. 
Outside, horses snorted and fussed. Furniture crashed and made ‘em snort. Glass broke. Bosch yelled. More gunfire. 
Then he flopped in a chair, arms in his lap, guns empty. Harley sagged against the wall. They spit blood off their lips and coughed for the gunsmoke. Clothes clawed to shreds, slashes on their face and arms and everywhere else. Days to heal, but they’d heal.
Bosch looked at the greasy snake bodies full o’ holes. Staring snake eyes and froze-open mouths.
“We do good or what,” Harley asked. 
Bosch didn’t know. Maybe.
He stood with a grunt and snatched a bottle off a table. Poured it over the floor to the curtain of beads. Stepped outside, Harley drinking the last inch while Bosch flicked a match.
Cantina wooshed up and curled out the windows.
They watched it. They swung a leg on. 
They headed out.
Bosch and Harley Will Return!
TYRANTS & TROUBLEMAKERS
Note to Readers
If you enjoyed this book, please be sure to leave a review. Reviews help rankings and allow indie authors to compete in a very crowded and competitive market.
About the Author
Frank Fronash is a retired fool among many currently living in Mexico City. He's been writing on and off for thirty years, only the last five or six any good. Seeing how anyone can just publish a damn novel these days, he figured why not. He is also the author of Night of the Six-Gun Gorilla.
