2084
Mason Engel
2084
Published by Mason Engel at Amazon
Copyright 2017 Mason Engel
This story was directly inspired by “1984” and “Brave New World” by George Orwell and Aldous Huxley respectively. So here’s to them: for doing it first and infinitely better.

Part I – The Seclusion
Chapter 1 – Lenses
The students stood from their seats with eyes bleached bone-white and pupils printed with tiny black timers. They waited for the morning simulation to fade, taunted by the downward tick of intermission, and then started for the hall. 
Vincent Smith was the first and most frantic among them. His hands trembled and flexed into fists. His ears pounded from the throb of his heartbeat, from the vibrating shudders of his hoarse inhales.
He entered the restroom and locked the door. He crossed to the mirror with sweat beading hot on his upper lip, and as his whole body began to quiver, he leaned forward and slipped out his contacts. The things flickered with the usual trademark text: Lenses, a Newsight product, and went white.
He felt the air open up around him, felt his breathing return to normal. The sensation would remain as long as he kept his gaze from the glass screens in his palm. The mere sight of the vile things brought bile to the back of his throat. Wearing them, had they not been required for the classroom sims, would have been unbearable.
Someone outside tried the restroom door, but Vincent didn’t flinch. None of his classmates could need these precious moments of privacy more than he did. They could retreat to their homes to detach their Lenses, unsurveilled and utterly alone. He, on the other hand, had no such luxury.
There was more impatient twisting of the knob.
He sighed. Even the school’s lack of Lens-monitoring couldn’t grant him time to himself. The packed classrooms and overlapping intermissions seemed contrived against isolation. A constant, nagging presence of prying eyes was the result, and it haunted him like an unshakable dark shadow.
After reinserting his Lenses, he stepped out of the restroom and held the door for the next occupant: a prim, surly-looking boy whose frail frame appeared somewhat absurd under the baggy white uniform that clothed it. The boy’s overalls, the legs of which would have fit snugly around Vincent’s arms, were held up almost exclusively by the thin suspenders that hung from his shoulders.
“Of course the simulations say that,” came a voice from behind them.
Brian, a tall and articulate boy who seemed always to command his classmates’ ears, stood down the hall preaching to his usual admirers.
“But the Senate recordings tell a different story. The government has no idea how to stop the bombings.”
“And you think Newsight does?” asked one of the listeners.
“My mom thinks so,” said Brian. “With the right data, at least. She says the new Lenses can …”
He trailed off when he spotted Vincent walking by within earshot. He paused for a moment, the other boys still hanging on his final word, then resumed at a volume too soft to overhear.
Vincent passed by unfazed. His classmates knew his father’s status as a Senator, and they knew the heightened Lens surveillance that entailed. Even in school, where his sights and sounds were solely his own, they never risked a conversation with him, much less a friendship. 
Turning from them, he quickened his pace until he was back in the classroom. Most of the class was already seated, tucked with obedient stillness in their wraparound white desks, their feet fixed like tree roots to the seamless white tile, and their Lenses and eyes behind glued to the undecorated white wall ahead.
Vincent took his seat near the back – though not quite as near as he would have liked – and felt himself sink into his chair as if pressed from above. The room’s domed ceiling was far higher than necessary, but to Vincent it seemed to hang just a few inches too low. 
Mrs. Farring, a terse, elderly woman whose age had cost her none of her straight-postured frame, entered the room through a door behind her desk. Almost simultaneously, the frail boy from the restroom entered through the door in the wall opposite. Brian and the others followed close behind him.
“This is an important afternoon,” began Mrs. Farring in her sharp, shrill voice. “Today, we begin an updated examination of the Order.”
Vincent groaned under his breath. He had heard the story countless times before. His father and the rest of the Senate had been working against the Order for years. Every night, it seemed to Vincent, he received yet another lesson on the Order’s history or its most recent attack.
He glanced around the class, hoping perhaps just once he would find someone to share in his boredom, but the only expression he could find that wasn’t completely blank was the stern, scolding one worn by the girl to his left. When she saw he had noticed her, she huffed in disapproval, then turned from him so fast her dark ponytail swung around like a whip.
“Which is even more important …”
Vincent straightened automatically when he felt Mrs. Farring’s gaze.
“… today.” She enunciated these last two syllables with her eyes still on Vincent. “Now,” she continued after a pause, turning to the rest of the class, “I have already invited you to the simulation. Please engage.”
There was movement around the room for the first time as heads changed orientation, tilting this way or that in time with the flitting of eyes under Lenses. Vincent followed suit, glancing down at the small message lain over the bottom part of his vision, and the classroom disappeared. For a brief moment he could see nothing but the emblem of Newsight – the white, rotating outline of an eye – as the simulation prepared to launch. When the eye disappeared, its dark backdrop was replaced by the typical white. Vincent spun around in his seat – they were in the usual classroom sim, one that depicted a room much like where their bodies resided, only in this room if he turned his head quickly enough, he could see the walls being rendered from minuscule black pixels.
Mrs. Farring stood by a massless screen entitled A History of the Order. “Let us begin.”
Vincent disengaged without hesitation, keeping his left Lens active to stay present in the sim, and he was back in the actual classroom. Mrs. Farring was too busy leading the lesson to pay him any mind, and his classmates, if they had ever noticed him at all, were even less aware of him now.
“Fifty years ago,” began Mrs. Farring, “shortly after the Newsight Corporation’s invention of Lenses, the Order was founded as a Newsight protest group. Their hand in nuclear politics resulted in the closing of borders around the world, stunting Newsight’s growth at the cost of national isolation. Ever since, their methods have …”
Vincent let her voice fade. Ruthless air strikes on Newsight factories became air strikes on wearers of Lenses, became air strikes on anything that moved or breathed without protection. The story was always the same.
Vincent settled deeper into his seat. He was about to pull up a sim of his own to pass the time, when he paused. His eyes had been drawn to the girl sitting just in front of him. Her head wobbled at the neck, almost floating as it turned back and forth, now and then staring at a wall off to the side instead of at the front of the room. In the simulation, of course, she was undoubtedly facing forward, but the Lenses had a curious way of placing the wearer’s body and mind out of sync. Vincent looked around at the rest of the room and saw evidence of much the same: heads were turned in odd directions; mouths hung slightly agape. Even those eyes he managed to catch didn’t see him, but rather passed right over him, beholding some projected element of the sim.
Entranced now, Vincent rotated in his seat to take in the rest of the room and started when he noticed the girl to his left. She was staring at him – though not really. Her bottom lip hung separate from its counterpart, and her eyes were completely relaxed and unseeing in their sockets. Her flat-featured face had a subtle, tapestry-like glow and stretched a bit broader than average, as if the artist’s brush had wandered half a stroke too wide.
The girl turned from him, swiveling in the opposite direction until she faced the far wall. Vincent turned as well, already bored. Even the simulation’s redundant facts about the Order would be more interesting than his blank-faced peers. But as he began engaging his Lenses, he caught another set of eyes, only these were definitely not vacant. Brian, too, had exited the simulation, and now, instead of on the video, his eyes were trained on Vincent. Vincent stared back, too shocked to look away, then – or perhaps not; it happened too quickly to be certain – Brian flashed a grin, and his eyes went blank.
Mrs. Farring’s voice came back into focus from the sim. “The Order has protested every Newsight attempt to collect consumer data, and they have done so with increasing violence.”
Shaken for some reason, Vincent broke gaze from Brian and reengaged his Lenses, greeted by gruesome footage of hospitals overflowing with blood-drenched patients.
“The last remaining safe havens from the Order’s attacks are the isolated communities called Seclusions.”
The video changed to an aerial view of their Seclusion, showing its full target board shape. Boxy public buildings and the spider-like sprawl of the Newsight headquarters occupied the bullseye, and hundreds of igloo-shaped house domes lined the rings beyond. From above, however, these distinctions were difficult to discern. The domes, the curved streets along the rings, the straight streets that crossed them – it all gleamed a dead sterile white, blurring and almost disappearing into the paleness of the landscape.
“The Order’s origins as a protest group have been lost in its transition to a full-scale terrorist organization. Its attacks on the cities have …”
Vincent didn’t bother stifling his yawn. Perhaps he should have settled for watching his empty-eyed classmates. He was only a few seconds away from letting Mrs. Farring’s voice lull him to sleep when he felt something shudder beneath him. He disengaged the sim to check his desk, and the shudder happened a second time.
He heard a rumbling, distant but growing in volume. Some of the others were beginning to exit their sims as well.
Without warning, Vincent’s desk lurched to the side, airborne for a split second as the entire room shook. The frail boy from the restroom flew from his seat, smacking his temple on the hard edge of the chairback beside him.
Vincent’s knuckles were white from gripping the edge of his desk. He looked around, this time meeting eyes far more present than before.
A series of words began to scroll across the bottom rim of his Lenses. Mrs. Farring, with her eyes drawn close together as if watching the bridge of her nose, seemed to have received the message as well.
“We are experiencing an earthquake,” she recited, her voice monotone as she read. “The students will take shelter until further notice.”
The rumbling started again, louder this time, definitely louder. Mrs. Farring raised her voice only to be joined by a high, whistling shriek.
“The structural integrity of—”
There was a resounding boom and the entire class lurched upward. Mrs. Farring was thrown from her feet, and Vincent from his chair – along with the rest of his classmates. Instinctively, Vincent pulled himself back to his desk, underneath it this time, not bothering to climb up into it. The others did the same, their soft features contorted with terror, their vacant interest in the sim forgotten.
The room shook once again, more violently this time. Vincent lost his hold on the closest leg of his desk. He scrambled back toward it—
The room went dark, and the shake of the floor went still. Vincent froze where he was, held immobile by the abruptness of the silence, eyes scouring lightless veils of pitch black. It was several seconds before Mrs. Farring called out to them. “Everyone,” she said – there was some rustling as she felt around in the darkness for her desk – “the lights are on, but your Lenses are not. You will have to take them out.”
Vincent didn’t move. He didn’t remember ever having taken out his Lenses in public.
“All of you,” said Mrs. Farring, sharper than before. “Now.”
Cautiously, and unsure whether or not he was being tested, Vincent reached up to his right eye and removed the Lens covering it. He could see the classroom – cut in half now with the darkness of his left eye – and the eerily black eyes of his classmates. He took out his second Lens, and Mrs. Farring became visible in her usual spot.
“Would you rather walk around blind?” she snapped at them.
The rest of the class hesitated for a moment, as if considering these options. Then, slowly, they began lifting their hands to their eyes.
“The network must have been compromised by the earthquake,” continued Mrs. Farring. “I will check with the neighboring classrooms to see if they are experiencing the same problem. Stay put.”
She glared at them a moment longer before turning on her heel and disappearing through the far door. She need not have worried, though; no one budged. The class seemed incapable of movement without their Lenses. Even Vincent, who reveled in every second he could spend with naked eyes, remained still. For as he stared down at his contacts, at the complete black of their glass surface, he knew with a blood-chilling dread that someone was staring back.
*  *  *  *  *  *
“I’m glad you’re safe, son.”
Vincent could feel his father’s stare from across the table, but he kept his attention on the tasteless soft food in front of him.
“Vincent?”
Vincent humored him with the obliged glance of gratitude, then returned to his meal.
“Thank goodness no one was hurt,” said Vincent’s mother. Her voice carried even less emotion than her husband’s had. The tone sounded off to Vincent – he was positive he had heard a more animated version of it. And before Newsight’s initiative to record Senators at home as well as at work, perhaps he had, but that would have been prior to their move to the Seclusion. Those memories, some ten years old now, were faint and fading quickly. The only thing he remembered with any clarity was a lack of white. Not in the way of darkness, simply not in the stifling way it existed in the Seclusion. Even in their own dome, in the curved walls all the way to the ceiling, in the bare, perfectly uncluttered tile floor, it followed them. It was present in every room without exception, especially in the room they occupied now. A kind of hybrid between a small kitchen, a dining area, and an area where one might sit to engage one’s Lenses, the Main was high-ceilinged and perfectly round but for two bedrooms linked to its perimeter. It played host to their nightly meal, at which Vincent now so painfully sat. Of course, even dinner was preferable to afterward when the table would sink back into the floor, the chairs would be spaced wider, and his parents would invite him to share a simulation.
“You should be grateful, Vincent,” said his father. “The cities had it much worse.”
“They felt it?” asked Vincent, surprised – the cities were said to be hundreds of miles away.
“They felt it the same as us. They were targeted as well.”
Vincent’s mother dropped her fork on her plate. “Father.”
Father opened his mouth then closed it again. He cast Vincent a nervous look.
“Targeted?” said Vincent. “By the earthquake?”
Father hesitated, looking across the table at his wife. Her stare was reproachful but she said nothing. Father let out a breath and turned back to Vincent. “It was an attack,” he said. “From the Order.”
“The Order? But they’ve never even gotten close to a Seclusion.”
“They’ve never had this kind of help.”
“What kind of help?”
“We’re not sure. Maybe foreign.”
“Father.” It was Mother again, though not as collected as before. Father, seeming not to hear her, continued with a musing quality to his voice, as if thinking aloud.
“That’s improbable, of course. The national borders have shut off the rest of the world for decades. We don’t even know if there still is a rest of the world. It’s more likely whatever help the Order received came from within.”
“What do you mean from with—” 
“That,” said Mother, glowering at them, “is enough. Newsight would never let the Seclusion of their own headquarters be jeopardized. We are safe, and the Senate remains in command of the network.” She gave Father a prompting look. He nodded in strained agreement, and as he did, Vincent could see the rim of a Lens on his right eye. The Senators had been given early access to the newest model. Their Lenses, it seemed, had been unaffected by the blackout.
“And anyway,” continued Mother, “things will be back to normal soon. The recall has already begun, according to Mrs. Tilly.”
Father perked up at the name. “Your friend in Incubation?”
“The one with the Newsight husband. She told me today the recall is already in process. Everyone will be shipped the newest model within the week, even the cities.”
For a fraction of a second, Vincent saw something novel on his father’s face. There was an upward twitch of his brow, a widening of his eyes, a slight parting of his lips, and then nothing.
“That is quite generous of them,” he said.
“Mr. Fatrem has always been that way.” Mother spoke with an exaggerated smile, as if afraid to mention the name of Newsight’s CEO without it. “Mrs. Tilly did say something about an adjustment period, though, so not sleeping in the new model won’t be an option.” She shot Vincent a look, less admonishing, it seemed, than pleading. Vincent avoided her gaze, cheeks prickling with guilt.
“Speaking of Mrs. Tilly,” said Father, “you might tell her I’m a bit cross with the Newsight lobbyists at the moment.”
“How so?” said Mother, frowning. 
“They’ve been pushing harder than ever for their bill. It comes to the floor tomorrow.”
“They’re appealing the regulations again?”
Father nodded. “All of them this time. Many of the cities have already conceded. In return, Newsight uses the data to fight the Order. In those cities, the attacks have decreased, but the tradeoff …” He shook his head, in danger of exposing a real expression again. “It’s just—”
“Worth it.” Mother forced a grin, curling her grip around her fork with white knuckles. “Is there any discussion?”
“Some,” said Father, speaking a bit slower now. “But everyone is cooperating. The consensus, for the moment, is against.”
Mother’s grip softened. “Well, whatever you decide, we trust you to make the right decision.”
Father gave her a weak smile, but his eyes were unassuring. Devoid of confidence or confirmation and emptied of all hint of expression, they showed nothing but the glass of his Lenses. 
Chapter 2 – Upgrades
The next morning, Vincent, huddled into himself against the wind, stepped through the main doors of the school. Instantly, the cold in his muscles gave way to manufactured warmth, and the wintry howling in his ears to excited whispers and shuffling feet. Adjusting to the light of the school’s bleached interior, his eyes searched for the source of the sound. In the far corner of the room, a group of his classmates clambered over one another toward a man passing out Lens cases, plastic round envelopes with flickering, screen-like surfaces.
A voice came from somewhere behind him. “They can’t function without their Lenses.”
Vincent turned around, following the words to the brawny, tall boy so used to being followed by the same crowd now gathered in the corner.
Brian smirked. “I’m surprised they survived the night without them.”
Vincent glanced back at the group still fighting each other for – if Brian was right – their upgrades.
“They’re already here?”
“They’ve been here for a while now,” said Brian. “There’s been a line ever since the doors opened.”
Vincent continued to watch the crowd push and shove to get closer to the man with the cases. “You got here early then?”
Brian shook his head. “Just a few minutes before you. I didn’t have to wait in line. I got the new model as soon as I went home last night.”
Vincent nodded, unsurprised. Brian had a Newsight parent, after all. Then again, many of the students now clambering for their upgrades had such parents. Brian seemed to sense Vincent’s confusion.
“Not all employee families got them early. We only did because of my mom. She’s the Head of Product.” He said this last part as something of a boast, but it seemed to carry genuine pride as well.
Vincent said nothing in response. He was about to join the crowd when the main doors opened a few yards off, dousing them with a sharp wave of cold. It was the girl with the dark ponytail. She cast the mob of students a quick glance before stalking past them and down the hall toward the classroom. Brian noticed Vincent looking.
“Our moms used to work together,” he said. He sounded resentful anyone should have the privilege.
“Used to?” repeated Vincent.
“Her mom was Head of Product before mine. She was good at it, but she died in a transport crash a year or so after getting the job. Her dad still works for Newsight. He’s not nearly as high up as her mom was, but they still get taken care of. Everyone loved her mom.”
Vincent fixed his gaze on the mouth of the hall where the girl had just disappeared. “What’s her name?” he asked.
Brian watched him, wearing a hint of a grin. “Why don’t you ask her yourself?”
Vincent shot him a look, his cheeks growing hot, then crossed over to the crowd of his peers to pick up his new Lenses.
*  *  *  *  *  *
Vincent blinked several times in quick succession as he dropped the second Lens onto his free eye. He squinted at himself in the restroom mirror. The new Lenses felt a bit thicker than before. The distortion, though undetectable, felt heavier now, like he had traded a cotton blindfold for a leaden one.
For proper adjustment, please do not remove your new Lenses for the first three days.
The words scrolled across the Lens case twice before he could read them fully. Afterward, he tried to shift his left Lens with his index finger – he didn’t like the idea of sleeping in the things – but it felt already fixed in place, held there as if by suction. He breathed out, heavily, and then yawned in the same breath. He had lain in bed last night with his mind spinning like a top, turning over and over again his father’s troubled expression during dinner. Now, the Lenses would make sleep even more elusive.
Three small white numbers at the bottom of his vision began to blink: 8:00. He was about to be late.
Moments later, just as Mrs. Farring was stepping through the door at the front of the class, Vincent lowered himself into the nook of his desk.
“Good morning, everyone.”
The class responded in kind. Vincent called out habitually with them.
“We were cut short yesterday, so we won’t waste any time this morning. You should receive my invitation shortly.”
As the words left her mouth, a message began scrolling across Vincent’s Lenses. Another sim. A second yawn rose up in Vincent at the thought, but he caught it halfway through when he noticed Mrs. Farring’s eyes on him. The rest of the class, however, seemed all too eager to test out their upgraded devices. Expressions went blank faster than usual, and heads began to drift. Still under the careful inspection of Mrs. Farring, Vincent glanced down twice, and the classroom rematerialized in almost the exact fashion as he had just seen it. Admittedly, far closer to exact than had been managed by the previous Lenses.
The video screen was already hanging in mid-air at the front of the room, its picture frozen at some long-winded title, the first words of which made Vincent slouch in his seat.
“We’ll pick up the Order simulation where we left off,” said Mrs. Farring. “Today, we’ll be covering the Order’s presence in the cities.”
Vincent straightened slightly at this. He had never seen the cities before. Perhaps he would stay in the sim today after all.
But when the video began, with footage of a politician giving a particularly dry speech in the Senate, Vincent knew he would see nothing of the cities. It had been a fanciful hope to begin with.
Sighing, he leaned back and disengaged his right Lens. His head had been left facing forward and, for a second, the room was split seamlessly in two between the simulation and the real thing. Though now, seeing the two side by side, Vincent could easily have forgotten which was which; so closely had the sim recreated its mark. He chanced a look at Brian, half expecting, half hoping to see the other boy disengaged as well, but Brian was looking in the opposite direction, his eyes glazed with the telltale vacancy of the sim. Vincent turned to the dark-haired girl to his left; she, too, was fully engaged.
He yawned once again, not bothering to hide it this time. Mrs. Farring always ended up watching the sim the same as everyone else. She wouldn’t notice him. Taking care to position himself out of view, he settled his face into his hands and began to listen.
“… only when the Order began dropping their warnings did Newsight take action. Stating it as their civic duty to protect the threatened, Newsight now provides defense networks to several major cities. These cities have consequently seen a drastic decrease in Order attacks, leading to a great migration by those seeking refuge from the Order. However, the Order’s insatiable appetite for destruction leads them again and again to the unprotected outskirts. Where once families and children lived, there now are only ruins.”
Vincent’s pre-Seclusion memories began to pry their way out of the dark again. He remembered short square buildings with pointed roofs and none of the gentle curves of the Seclusion domes. He remembered the pungent smell of air not quite clean, of a thick black fog that clung to the clouds like a sticky film. And he remembered the towers, slender and dark rising up from black streets, reflecting rays of light with story-height windows …
He was gone from the classroom, standing instead on a tar-repaired street, in front of a small brown house with a slanted roof. Behind the house were the towers, shadowed in gray light and fogged by clouds that clung jealously to their edges.
His feet carried him to the front door of the house, then through it. The entryway was floored not with tile but with wood. The air was warm but not stifling, cooled by a slight breeze through open windows.
He closed the door behind him and stepped deeper inside. The space opened up into a joint kitchen and dining room, then into a larger area with comfortable-looking chairs around a giant black screen.
“Vincent?”
To his right, a woman with a sharply sloped nose and wide, bright eyes stood with her hands on her hips. It took him a moment to recognize the woman out of her usual, collared white uniform.
“Mother?” he heard himself say.
“Will you set the table for us, please?” she said. “For four. Grandpa is coming.”
Vincent felt his head nod up and down. Mother smiled at him.
The next moment, Vincent was laying the last of the silverware on the table, a napkin under each set. There was movement behind him in the hall.
“Is it ready?”
Father – more recognizable than his wife – walked up behind Vincent and clapped him on the back. He sat down in the chair closest to the kitchen.
“Coming,” said Mother. She was pulling something from the oven. “I’m trying to find more dishes for you to do.”
Father threw up his hands in mock despair. He rolled his eyes, and as they moved, Vincent could see no outline against their surface, no miniscule rim of glass to skirt the iris. Father wasn’t wearing Lenses.
“Vincent?”
A third voice was calling for him from down the hall. It was kind, like his mother’s, but male, and old.
“Vincent?”
Vincent stood from his seat.
“Vincent!”
Vincent’s eyes snapped open and he was back in the classroom. Everyone was staring at him.
He turned self-consciously in his seat. He caught Brian’s eyes and was met only with a vague, unreadable look of curiosity. He turned to the girl with the dark ponytail, and at once, from the intensity of her gaze, felt as transparent as glass.
“Vincent.”
Vincent whipped around to face the front of the room where Mrs. Farring stood, simmering.
“You will stay after school to finish your simulation,” she said. “Is that understood?”
Vincent blinked several times to clear the sleep from his eyes. He shrank into himself as the expression of his classmates turned to amusement. “Yes, ma’am,” he said.
“Good. Now, everyone else, we’ll take our break a few minutes early.” Without another word, she turned from them and disappeared through what seemed to be her own personal door. The rest of the class stood as well, starting for the door in the wall opposite. Vincent rose reluctantly with them.
“You should be more careful, you know.”
Brian had crossed over to him through the crowd. Vincent didn’t meet his eyes.
“If you’re going to fall asleep,” said Brian, “do it in the sim. That’s what my brother always told me.”
Vincent looked up at this. He glanced around the class.
“He doesn’t go to school here anymore,” said Brian. “He’s older, anyway.” He glanced down at the desk where Vincent had just been sitting. “You were talking, you know.”
Vincent shifted uneasily where he stood. “What was I saying?”
“Nothing really. Just telling someone you were on your way.” Brian glanced around them. He lowered his voice. “You should be careful, though,” he repeated. “Dreams are hard to hide.” 
In Brian’s expression on these last words, Vincent could see the same shadow of a look he had seen during the sim the day prior, and something beyond it that seemed to leave words unsaid.
Brian turned away, and as Vincent watched him go, his breaths began to grow shorter. His Lenses felt suddenly tighter against his pupils. He started for the restroom.
The door was locked when he tried it. He knocked impatiently, and kept knocking until the boy inside stepped out.
“Just wait your—”
Vincent pushed past him and pulled the door shut as he went, eyes more constricted than usual, as if his Lenses’ stranglehold had been pulled all the way taut.
Composing himself, he crossed over to the sink and leaned forward so his right eye, with its lid pulled all the way up, was within inches of the mirror. He dragged his index finger across the surface of the Lens, as he had done so many times before, but nothing happened. He tried again, pressing a little harder so his eye throbbed from the force, and still the Lens remained. He paused with his gaze trained on his pale reflection, then blinked several times and tried his left eye – nothing. Frowning, and sweating now, he moved yet closer to the mirror. He opened his eyes wide and inspected the white area just beyond the grayish green of his irises. He saw the rims of his Lenses the same as usual, but, amidst the irritated, spindly lines of blood next to them, he saw something else. Another set of lines, ones not his own, and nearly undetectable, stretched out from the edge of the glass and curled back under his eyelids. He shifted closer for a better look, only for his vision to go white with the time – two minutes until the next session. He sank at the shoulders, half blinded by the intrusive digits, and let out a breath. His inspection would have to wait for the afternoon.
He pushed out into the hall, but before he could start for class, he saw movement out of the corner of his eye. At the end of the passage, Brian was walking rather quickly in the opposite direction, hunched over at the waist, perhaps feigning nausea to get out of the sim. Vincent, knowing Mrs. Farring would be watching him closer than usual, resisted the urge to follow and turned instead for the classroom, nearly running straight into the girl with the ponytail.
“Sorry,” he mumbled. He expected her to twist around in her normal whipping motion, but she didn’t. She stayed where she was, inspecting him with keen, wide eyes.
“I tried to take mine out, too,” she said, her gaze trained on Vincent’s irritated right eye. “I couldn’t get them out either.”
Vincent started to raise a hand to his face, then caught himself. “I guess we’re not supposed to be able to. They said we’re not supposed to take them out for a few days.”
“We’re also not supposed to tune out of our sims,” she countered. “But you do that anyway.”
Vincent felt a heat beginning to kindle under the skin of his cheeks. He glanced over the girl’s shoulder at the open door of the classroom, longing, even, for the discomfort of his desk.
“How do you know that?” he asked.
“I can tell. I tune out, too. When I do it, though, I try not to make it too obvious in case Mrs. Farring is watching. You, on the other hand, never hide it at all.” She paused. Her inspection of him continued. “You watch me sometimes. A lot of times, actually.” She said the last part without much expression, as if stating the obvious. Lips parting in shock, Vincent tried to stammer some excuse, but nothing seemed to come. The girl grinned.
“Come on,” she said, flicking her head toward the classroom. “We’ve still got all afternoon.” Without hesitation, and with far more confidence than Vincent could have mustered, she grabbed his hand and pulled him along behind her. His full attention now focused on the girl, Vincent almost failed to notice the whistling sound coming from above. Within seconds, though, the sound was undeniably loud. No rumbling to precede it this time, the whistle grew to a blood-curdling shriek. The girl looked up just as it crescendoed in a deep, ear-splitting boom. The ceiling above them cracked down the middle, leaking dust from above.
There was silence then. They were still, the girl’s eyes fixed on the ceiling – Vincent’s fixed on her.
Then they were flying backward, propelled by a skin-searing heat, a vague sense of flames licking at their backs, a deafening blast, the smoke forced deep into their lungs.
Vincent hit the ground in sync with the girl and skidded a yard from the momentum. He pulled himself into a sitting position, coughing up dust, and stared down the hall. Or, at least, he tried to. It was thick with a brown cloud of smoke and debris. The usually spotless white walls had been coated with grime, and the paint that covered them dripped from the heat of the flames.
A second whistle, shriller this time, sounded overhead. It seemed to snap the girl from her stupor.
“Come on!” she said, and she was on her feet, pulling Vincent up with her. “We need to get back!”
Vincent had barely gotten up when there was another explosion and the ground lurched under them, sending them hurtling into the wall to their right. The heat was much closer behind them now. Getting back to the classroom would be impossible.
“This way!” The girl dragged him in the opposite direction, her right hand still curled tightly around his, her face dipped low beneath the smoke.
As they ran, the ground shook from yet another explosion. This one was followed by screams.
Doors up ahead flew open on either side of the hall. Teachers poked their heads out, their eyes wide with terror.
“You two!” one of the teachers shouted from his room. “Get in!”
They started for him but were thrown back yet again when the ceiling caved in between them. Vincent tried to come to a stop, his free hand covering his mouth from the debris, but the girl continued to drag him forward. Just when he thought they would collide with the crumbled ceiling ahead, they dodged right. They had come to the high-ceilinged room that led to the main entrance. 
The girl dropped Vincent’s hand and drew her eyes close, as Mrs. Farring had when reading from her Lenses. “We need to get out of the school.”
Vincent looked through the main doors where the outside air was tinted red. “Out? Are you sure we shouldn’t stay here?”
“My dad told me to get home as fast as possible.”
Vincent turned around, staring at the ruined hall they had just been blocked from entering, then in the opposite direction where the blaze had grown even closer, and then once again through the main doors.
“Vincent,” the girl said, firmly, but composed. Vincent turned to her, and his periphery seemed suddenly blurred, the smoke and dust and flames blissfully out of focus. The screams, too, sounded muffled and distant. When the girl held out her hand, Vincent hardly heard the explosion that sounded somewhere behind them. He looked down at the girl’s fingers, steady, as they stretched out to him. “Trust me,” she said.
And without thinking, he did.
Chapter 3 – Newsight
They came to a stop in front of a dome on the second ring. In normal circumstances, Vincent might have been impressed. The prices of domes this close to the Center were astronomical. 
The girl pressed her right eye up close to a palm-sized screen on the door, and a second later she was pulling him inside. Vincent pulled back when he saw the horizon. A streak of gold split through the sky, this one brighter than the rest and with a thicker tail, and headed straight for the school’s main dome. It moved with lethargic slowness as it fell, lighting up the whole sky with a blinding glow. The object at the helm of the thing seemed to cut through the sky like a giant blade, its tip pointed resolutely at the last remaining remnant of the school.
In one final flash, it pierced its mark.
The dome hesitated, as if unsure what to do, then shrank in at the sides and exploded outward with a giant pulse. The red haze above turned bright pink as the dome was engulfed from without in the same blinding white it had worn within.
“Vincent.” The girl’s voice was soft, but it had lost its usual calm. “We need to get inside.” She tugged on his arm again. “Come on.”
With his eyes still on the horizon, the pinnacle of which now seemed eerily empty, and with the image of the fire-tailed missile still seared into his mind, Vincent let himself be pulled inside.
“My dad said he’ll be here soon.”
They were cast into darkness as the girl closed the door behind them.
“He told us to go to the cellar.”
“The what?” Vincent answered in a trance. His eyes were still trained on the horizon, though all he could see now were the unlit walls of the dome.
“The cellar,” repeated the girl, as if that explained things. “This way.” She tugged on his hand yet again, but he stayed where he was. The last hour seemed to register in his mind all at once.
“I need to get home. My mother works in Incubation in the school. She could have been—”
The girl caught his wrist when he tried to turn away. “Incubation is right next to the generators,” she said. “It’s underground. She’s safer than we are.”
Vincent pulled free of her grip. “I just need to – wait …” He looked around them, noticing the darkness for the first time – the lights were automatic. “The power is—”
“We don’t run off of the Center generators,” said the girl, withdrawing, as if making a confession. “We have our own. They probably just shut off from the blast. Besides, the domes in the first ring had lights. The ones in the second did, too. The generators haven’t been hit.”
“I should still go,” said Vincent, and he turned away, starting for the exit. The girl didn’t stop him this time.
“Where do you live?” she called after him.
“Just a few streets over.” He was almost to the door.
“Really,” said the girl. It wasn’t a question. “I know for a fact you live on the other side of the Center.”
Vincent stopped with his hand on the knob.
“You won’t make it there for hours,” pressed the girl. “If you make it at all. They’ll send in the Guard. The whole Seclusion will be blocked off.”
Vincent stayed where he was. Everything she said was true – even the parts she shouldn’t have known.
“Wait a second. How do you know where I live?”
The girl opened her mouth to answer, then paused, rethinking. “I … I’ve seen you leave school before. We always go in opposite directions.”
Vincent lifted his brow. “So, you’ve been watching me?”
Even in the lack of light, he saw the girl’s face grow a shade darker.
“Walk home if you want,” she said, turning from him. “I’m going to the cellar.” Her body was cast into shadow as she started deeper into the unlit dome, but Vincent didn’t follow. Not yet.
“Wait.”
The girl paused where she was, sighing as she looked back at him.
“What’s your name?”
“Jessica,” she said. “Now are you coming or not?”
Without waiting for a response, she turned on her heel and started deeper into the dome. Vincent watched her for a moment, then followed.
*  *  *  *  *  *
For the next few hours, Vincent and Jessica sat together in a small, underground room hidden beneath the master bed. Vincent answered sporadic messages from his parents, but largely, as insisted upon by his father, he did nothing at all, contenting himself to sit in the strange room in silence. Lit only by old-looking candles, the space lacked any trace of white. Its walls and floor, both damp and soft to the touch, were colored instead a dark, natural brown. No other dome Vincent had been inside had contained anything like it. Though, admittedly, he had been in only a handful.
The clinking of metal drifted down to them from somewhere above. A second later, the trapdoor swung upward, exposing a shadowed man in its frame. 
“It’s safe. You can come up.”
Jessica rose without question. Vincent got to his feet more cautiously.
“It’s okay,” said Jessica. “It’s my dad.”
Vincent nodded in response, but he wasn’t assuaged. A man with an underground room and a dome that ran off of private power didn’t call to mind a particularly comforting image.
Vincent followed Jessica through the trapdoor and up into the bedroom.
“In here.”
The voice called out again, out of sight this time. They traced its source to the Main, where a short, grubby-looking man with a rounded stomach entered from a door behind the kitchen. As he did, the room brightened from somewhere overhead.
“Generator’s back,” he said. Vincent looked around with the aid of the lights for the first time. The dome varied greatly from the Seclusion standard. It felt more natural. The dining table actually looked used: strewn with articles of the day and scattered with old books, the likes of which Vincent had seen only in the simulations. Even the walls had been decorated, pinned with framed pictures of the same three people: Jessica, her father, and a woman Vincent didn’t recognize.
“You never said there was someone with you, Jessica.” The round man who had entered from the kitchen stood next to the dining table, his eyes trained on Vincent with undisguised suspicion. He was short, only just taller than Jessica, with a face as round as his stomach and a nose so wide it must surely have haunted the lower edge of his vision.
“Vincent, this is my dad,” said Jessica. “He’s a developer for Newsight. He works on the software that runs our Lenses. Dad, Vincent is a friend from school.”
Less tense now, but still not taking his dark, beady eyes off of Vincent, Jessica’s father extended his hand. Vincent stepped forward to shake it.
“Simon,” said the man. “I trust my Jessica has been taking care of you.”
Vincent nodded.
“And your parents,” Simon continued, “they’re safe?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Do they have a transport?”
“No, sir.”
Simon grunted his disapproval but said nothing back. Jessica broke the silence.
“Can you take him, Daddy?” She was still standing next to Vincent, but as she spoke, she stepped closer to Simon.
“It’s really fine,” said Vincent. “Jessica has done more than enough already.”
Simon seemed satisfied by the answer. He turned to Jessica. “Well you heard the boy. He’ll be all right.”
“Dad.” She said the word in a parental kind of tone, almost scolding. Simon sighed in response, then looked away, running a hand through what little hair he had left. After a pause, he turned back to face them.
“Where do you live?” he asked.
Vincent didn’t lie this time. “Fourth ring on the opposite side of the Center. By Ocean Street.”
“Dad, he’s even on a cross street,” said Jessica. Simon turned to her, then back to Vincent. He sighed again, heavier this time.
“Come on then,” he said to Vincent, flicking his head. “Out front.” He turned and started for the front door.
“Uh …” Vincent stayed where he was. “I’m fine, really. I didn’t see a transport out there, anyway.”
“I called it around from the garage,” Simon shot back over his shoulder. He was already at the exit.
“Go,” said Jessica. “It’s no trouble. He’s always excited to drive.”
“Are you sure?” Vincent watched, unconvinced, as Simon disappeared through the main door.
Jessica laughed. It was a pleasant sound, soft and sweet, and a pitch higher than Vincent would have expected.
“You’re fine,” said Jessica, still smiling. “You better hurry though.”
Pausing for a beat, Vincent cast her what he hoped to be a confident look, then started for the door. He emerged outside a moment later, where Simon was standing on the left side of a long, two-wheeled white vehicle with an egg-shaped pod set in the middle. It looked barely big enough for two people.
“Get in,” said Simon.
Hesitant, Vincent stepped forward. He pressed a button on the thing’s exterior to open the door and climbed inside. The interior was simple, just two plain seats made of a sleek, slippery kind of material, positioned side by side behind a narrow dash where, in front of Simon, was a series of buttons and controls Vincent had never seen before.
“Your parents don’t drive?” asked Simon.
Vincent shook his head. “My father doesn’t trust transports. He doesn’t think Newsight should have them all on the same network.”
“Neither do I. The network is what caused my wife’s transport accident. This one will always stay off the grid.”
Simon’s eyes gave a twitch under his Lenses, and the transport began rolling forward around the second ring. The ride was almost smooth, and the sounds of the outside were entirely mute, eerily peaceful given the events of the day. 
“Your father,” said Simon, breaking the silence. “He’s not a fan of Newsight?”
“It’s not that,” said Vincent. “He’s just … cautious, I guess.”
Simon never shifted his eyes from the street ahead, but he didn’t quite succeed in masking his interest. “What does he do?”
“He’s a Senator.”
Simon grunted at this. “Has his hands full at the moment then, I suppose.”
“He does, but he’ll figure it out. He figures out all the attacks. He’ll make the Order pay for this one.”
“He still thinks the attack came from the Order?”
“He thinks they had help. Maybe even from outside the country.”
“We haven’t heard a squeak from beyond the borders in years. He and the rest of the Senate should be thinking domestic, not foreign. It’s beyond me why they haven’t investigated the new litigation.”
Vincent thought back to dinner the night before, to his father’s comments about the lobbyists. “You mean Newsight’s data regulations? What’s there to investigate?”
“What isn’t there?” snapped Simon. “The government partnership for the new tech, the recall, and now the attack? If they let the bill through after all of that, they’re blinder than I thought.”
“Blind to what?”
They began to decelerate – they had come to a checkpoint of the Guard. A man in all white with his palm raised out in front of him stood in the center of the street, blocking their way. Behind him, a dozen or so more men of the same dress were huddled around the front door of a rather ornate-looking dome.
“It doesn’t matter,” said Simon, eyes forward. “The bill will pass, and when it does, everything will be clear.”
“Then it doesn’t matter if you tell me now,” said Vincent. 
Simon shook his head, wearing a half grin. “You sound like Jessica.”
After a pause, the Guard in front of them stepped out of the street, and they began to accelerate once again. Vincent held his gaze on Simon. The man was silent, but he had the same look in his eyes Father got when talking about the Order. “Did your Lenses go out today?” he asked. “During the attack?”
Vincent shook his head. 
“But they went out yesterday from a little vibration,” continued Simon. “Why do you think that is?”
Vincent shrugged. “The upgrades are just more resilient, I guess.”
“You think Newsight would let their entire system go down from a little turbulence?” He snorted at the thought. “If you’re as much like Jessica as I think you are, you’ve tried to take out your new Lenses. Well others have tried, too, and they’ve come up with the same result you have. No one can take them out. Newsight has released a statement saying it’s because of the adjustment period, that the Lenses will be removable in a few days, but I’m not so sure. I don’t think there was ever anything wrong with the old Lenses. Fatrem didn’t send out a more resilient product; he sent out a more permanent one.”
“But why would Newsight want to make the Lenses permanent?”
“For the data, obviously. What they collect is most valuable if it’s comprehensive. Otherwise, they only see what people want them to.”
“And what does any of that have to do with the attack?”
Simon drove in silence past the next cluster of the Guard, as if to avoid being overheard. “You can work this out for yourself. Look around. What do you notice?”
Vincent stared out through the oval-shaped windows. “The Guard. They’re going into—”
“Not the Guard,” said Simon, impatient. “The domes. Who lives in them?”
Vincent hesitated at this, not sure if it was a trick question. “In the inner rings, mostly people who work for Newsight. Some Senators, too.”
Simon nodded. “That’s right. But it’s not just the inner rings; it’s the whole Seclusion. Think about who goes to your school? Who do you have class with?”
Vincent started fumbling for the few names he knew. “Well there’s Jessica and Brian … I think there’s a Sam. Or maybe it’s …” He trailed off, painfully aware of how pitiful he sounded. Simon, on the other hand, didn’t seem to notice.
“Right again,” he said. “Newsight kids. But more importantly, Senators’ kids. Fatrem’s Senate recording initiative ten years ago did more than put eyes and ears into Senator homes – it moved their homes, all to a single Seclusion, the same Seclusion where Newsight is headquartered. Why do you think Fatrem would want all of these important people so close to him?”
Vincent ventured a guess he was almost certain would be countered. “To protect them?”
Simon snorted. “Protection has nothing to do with it. It’s all about leverage. Fatrem knew the Senate would never go for his bill. Whatever he’s asking for in return for stopping the Order must not be worth it. After all, the Senators don’t really care about stopping the attacks. All they care about is—”
“My father cares,” Vincent cut in. He wouldn’t have been so sure before saying it, but after the words left his lips, he knew them to be true.
“Maybe he does,” said Simon. “But don’t be ignorant. The majority of others in the Senate are only there for their paychecks. Fatrem knew that if he wanted to get anything passed to ‘fight the Order’, the Senators would have to feel the Order for themselves.” 
As the transport began to turn, twisting along the street around the Center, Simon flicked his gaze toward the window. Confused, Vincent looked out after him. He saw the Capitol where his father worked, the Newsight campus, and the patch of ground where the school should have been – that’s what Simon was looking at. Vincent thought back to the hallway when he had run into Jessica. He had seen Brian there, too. Just moments before the attack, the other boy, the son of a Newsight executive, had known to leave.
What Simon was implying came to Vincent in a rush.
“You think Fatrem let the Order’s attack through. You think he let the Senators’ kids be killed just to get his bill passed.” The words tasted filthy coming out of his mouth, but Simon seemed to revel in them, his lips sprawling into a satisfied grin.
“It’s looking less like a theory than a fact. But I don’t suppose your father shares the same opinion.”
The transport rolled to a stop – they had reached Vincent’s dome. Both of their gazes came to a rest on the front door, behind which, somewhere inside, was Vincent’s father.
“He hasn’t said anything about all that,” said Vincent, “but he has said he doesn’t think the bill will pass. The Senate is fighting against it. He says there’s more cooperation than ever.”
“Cooperation?” Simon repeated the word with his eyebrows raised, his lips curled at the corners. “There will be nothing of the sort. The bill will pass, and what remains of the Senate will fall.” He paused here, his tone no longer so gloating, his grin no longer so wide. “Our only hope lies beyond the borders, in the world we’ve already condemned. Without them …” he looked once again at the front door of Vincent’s dome, “… we’ll all be just another set of eyes for Newsight.”
Chapter 4 – The Gray
The palm-sized screen in front of Vincent’s right eye blinked green, and the door slid open. He stepped inside without looking back. Everything Simon said had to be rubbish. It had to. Only now that he was outside of the man’s transport did he realize how ludicrous it all sounded. Fatrem was well-respected by everyone. Loved, even, by some. That he would betray his own admirers was beyond the realm of reason.
Vincent collected himself and made sure the door had locked behind him. He was in the foyer, a small nook blocked from the rest of the Main and oftentimes the most private place in the dome. Now, though, he wanted privacy far less than he wanted sleep. He stepped through the second door and into the Main. The kitchen and dining area were empty, but there were voices coming from the master bedroom. Suddenly realizing he hadn’t paged his parents ahead of time – they loathed surprises – he started composing his mother a message, but as he did, he began to hear the voices more clearly, as well as something in addition to them. It was difficult to distinguish, but it sounded like sobs.
Vincent stopped composing his message. Instead, he started with lightened footsteps for his parents’ bedroom. He felt himself spied upon by the walls around him as he grew closer, disapproved by the dome itself for sneaking as he was. But something about the sobs told him the normal rules didn’t apply.
He reached the bedroom door which, uncharacteristically, had been left ajar. With breaths as soft and shallow as his lungs would allow, Vincent leaned in close and placed his ear to the gap.
“It’s okay, Father.” Vincent’s mother was almost whispering. “It was in the moment. You didn’t know if he had made it.”
“I did know.” Father’s voice was unrecognizable, shaking and weak and lacking its normal calm. “And I wanted to vote against it, I just …”
The sobs started again. They sounded like they came from Father, but Vincent could hardly believe it. He had never heard his father cry, nor, he was convinced, had anyone. It was a thing that didn’t happen, that was never meant to happen.
He peeked his head around the edge of the door and looked inside. Father was sitting on the foot of the bed, still in his collared, snow-colored uniform from the Senate, and Mother was sitting next to him, her right arm draped, a bit awkwardly, around his shoulders.
 “You have nothing to worry about,” said Mother. “I’m sure it’s for the best.”
Father shook his head, puckering his lips like a small boy pouting, and lifted his gaze so Vincent could see the red, puffy lumps under his eyes.
“It’s not,” he said. “We gave them everything.”
“It will be okay,” said Mother. Father interspersed her words with a series of “no”s and head shakes, but she kept on.
“It’s Newsight, after all,” she said. “Whatever you gave them, they won’t misuse it. We’re safe, Father. We can trust them.”
“You’re not getting it, Sarah.”
Mother recoiled from him, her mouth agape, perhaps from hearing her own name. Vincent had no memory of it being spoken aloud. Nor, really, of the name at all. 
“We can’t trust them,” Father continued. He had lifted his head from his hands, and now Vincent could see him clearly. His face was twisted into an expression Vincent was only slightly more familiar with than the sobs. It bore none of its usual composure, and it just failed to mask the fear underneath. Father’s eyes, too, betrayed him, and not only that, they were too red to have been irritated just by the crying. Father had tried to take out his Lenses.
“I’ve been feeling different since the upgrade.” He stared down at his hands, wearing a look of disgust. “And when we learned of the attack, I was so angry I could barely see straight.” He looked back up at Mother. “It’s the Lenses, Sarah. I should have realized.”
Mother rubbed Father’s back between the shoulder blades, no longer so stiff. “We’ll get through it. You can’t be talking like this.”
Father began to speak again, but he stopped with his mouth still open. He wasn’t looking at Mother any longer, but at the door, where Vincent had been just too slow to pull back his head.
“Vincent.”
This was the voice of Father’s that Vincent knew: stern and composed, without the wild, breaking fluctuations in pitch.
Vincent slid open the door and stepped inside. Father had stood up, seeming taller than usual. “Come here.”
Vincent stayed where he was, his feet rooted to the tile. He looked from his father to his mother and back again, still trying to decide whether what he had just seen could be real.
“Vincent,” pressed Father.
Reluctantly, Vincent moved forward until they were only a foot apart. And then Father’s arms were around him. It took him a moment to realize what was happening before circling his own arms around Father’s back.
When they broke apart, from their first embrace in as long as Vincent could remember, Father’s jaw was flexed, his teeth clenched down on his tongue. He gave Vincent one last glance, then turned away. Vincent turned to Mother next. She nodded at him, looking somehow stronger than usual, then turned as well.
Vincent stepped back in a daze until the door slid shut after him. He was in the Main again, and though it was empty save for him, he no longer felt quite so alone.
*  *  *  *  *  *
Vincent sat straight up in his bed when he heard the crash. The pounding of feet on tile drummed against his skull, and he had barely jumped from his bed when his door burst inward. Two men in uniform rushed in. He scrambled toward his bathroom, but his legs were weak with sleep, and the nearest man was on him with ease. He flailed his arms to break free, only for the second man to pounce as well. In a flash, both of his arms were pinned behind his back, forcing him forward at the waist. The men dragged him with vice-like grips, undisturbed by even his most violent struggles as they hauled him to the Main. Father and Mother were already there, struggling against their own escorts of rough-looking men. And now, in the light, Vincent could see the men clearly. All six wore tight sleeves and collars up their necks like officers of the Guard, but they were clothed not in the normal bleach white, but in a dark, ashen gray. The only trace of white was stitched on their collars: the familiar outline of an eye, the Newsight emblem typically reserved for the simulations.
“Don’t touch my son!” Father shouted when he saw them. “Don’t you dare touch him!”
There were two men holding him, but they could hardly keep control. Wordlessly, the man who had first subdued Vincent crossed over to lend a hand. As Father’s escort turned from two to three, he grew still and the Main grew silent. But the calm seemed to have had little to do with the additional captor and more to do with the sounds coming from the foyer. The front door was out of Vincent’s line of sight, but he could hear the footsteps crossing through it just the same: slow, deliberate, and ushering in with them a chill that slithered down his spine.
“Hello, Senator Smith.” It was a man’s voice, but it struck a pitch with each syllable that seemed to hover somewhere outside the normal masculine range.
“I have desired your audience for some time now. What a thrill it is to finally have it.”
“Let my family go,” said Father.
More footsteps. The man had stepped closer to Father, and Vincent caught a glance of him for the first time. He was just large enough not to be considered frail. The skin of his face was pulled tightly around narrow cheek-bones. And his features were sharp, his eyes calculating.
“I would love to,” the man said. “But after having their minds filled with your ludicrous theories, they would be as much a liability as you are.”
 Father strained against his captors, spurred on by the man’s taunting tone. His eyes were murderous, bloodshot, but the man merely turned away in response, his face contorted with a smug grin.
“No!” Father shouted after him, veins protruding in his neck. One of his captors struck him across the jaw for silence. Vincent jerked against his own captor, only to receive a sharp blow to the stomach. He hunched at the waist, his breath stolen.
Father saw the exchange, and something in him seemed to snap. “Don’t you touch him!” he shouted through blood-speckled lips. “Let him go!”
The men dragged him to the door. He resisted wildly, his fists flying in all directions, mostly striking air but occasionally making contact with flesh. He freed an arm and ripped a club from his nearest captor’s hand. He landed a blow on the man’s skull with an echoing crack.
One of Mother’s captors left her and joined the fray. Mother kicked the remaining man in the groin. He buckled, and Mother turned, lunging for the man holding Vincent. The man raised an arm to fend her off. Vincent writhed in his grip, wrenched downward with the arm still subdued, and he was free. He turned around to help.
“Go, Vincent!” Mother shouted just before the man grabbed her wrists. “Go!”
Vincent stood frozen to the spot. The man pulled Mother’s arms cruelly tight behind her back.
“Go, son!” shouted Father, still struggling but barely visible in a mob of gray.
Over the racket, Vincent heard the man Mother had kicked approaching in an uneven gait behind him. He twisted around just in time to dodge the man’s arms. He started for the kitchen, his eyes trained on the back door. He sprinted toward it, driven faster by the sound of the man’s footsteps close behind. He felt a rush of cold air on his face when he threw the door open, and he kept running. By the time he reached the next ring of domes, his heart pounded in his chest as fast as his feet on the pavement. He chanced a look over his shoulder, then began to slow – the man had given up the chase. Shrinking into the shadow cast by the dome at his back, he leaned up against the wall to catch his breath. His eyes were fixed on the back door of the dome he had just left, where his parents had surely been overwhelmed, and where he had left them to their fate.
If only to numb himself of the shame rising in his chest, he felt the urge to take off running again, but he stopped when his Lenses flashed white with a message.
Are you awake?
It was from Jessica. Vincent’s urge to run began to falter. He started composing a message back, eyes fumbling over the letters as he went, but he only got halfway through.
They took my dad.
He stood stock-still when he saw this second message. He read it twice, hoping in vain its letters would rearrange. If he had started running again, Jessica’s dome would have been his destination. Now, that was out of the question.
He took a deep breath before composing a message back. 
Meet me in the second ring. Ocean.
A feeling of dread planted itself low in his stomach as soon as he pressed send. After all, after everything he had learned, it was foolish to use the Lenses to communicate. It would have been decidedly more foolish, however, to let Jessica wander into a ransacked dome, the perimeter of which would surely be monitored.
Vincent took off at a jog through the relative darkness between the domes of the fourth and fifth rings, his eyes combing the depths of every shadow he passed. The gleaming white uniforms of the Guard would have been easy to spot. The smoke-colored ones of Newsight, however, would blend much more seamlessly into the night.
*  *  *  *  *  *
Vincent craned his neck around the edge of the dome he hid behind and stared down the cross street toward the Seclusion boundary, half-expecting an army of gray-clad men to emerge from the shadows.
“Vincent.”
He spun around, his muscles tensed to run, but relaxed when he saw Jessica. She had approached around the dome next to him, opposite the street he had been watching.
“I thought you would come from the other direction.”
She shook her head. “I cut through the Center.”
Vincent cast a nervous look behind her, where, over the nearest ring domes, the first ring and the center inside it were clearly visible, silent and still, but bright.
“I didn’t want to be predictable,” said Jessica, seeing his look. “And I made it here, didn’t I?”
Vincent said nothing back. Making it, and making it without being detected, were two very different scenarios.
“Are you ok?” he asked.
“I’m fine.”
Vincent didn’t contradict her, though he could see, even in the dark, the slight shaking of her hands.
“When did they come?” he asked.
“A few hours after I went to bed. My dad must have been right before yours.”
“Did he tell you what he thinks they did?”
“He’s been telling me. But it’s too late to do anything about it.”
“It’s not too late. People won’t let this happen.”
“The only thing anyone cares about right now is the school. They want blood, the Order’s blood. And Fatrem can tell them exactly where to find it. He can implicate whoever he wants.”
“But someone will try to stop him.”
“Who?”
Vincent frowned, confused at first, but as he let his eyes wander, scanning the unlit, peaceful domes that lined either side of the ring, he saw what she meant: nowhere was there even the slightest sign of movement.
Jessica lowered her voice. “It’s the whole reason for the bill, Vincent. If Fatrem had taken things by force, people would have resisted. This way, he’s a hero. He’ll take down the Order one by one. But the Order is whoever he says it is. Tomorrow there will be a press release saying our dads were part of it. And then leaders of the Guard will be found guilty. Then politicians. Then the whole Senate.”
Vincent felt the reality sinking in. “Then there’s no one left to stand in the way.”
Jessica looked down, silent. Vincent turned back to the empty street of the second ring. He found himself fixed with a mad desire to run from dome to dome, to pound on doors and tell people the truth, but he knew it wouldn’t do any good. 
Vincent turned his gaze a bit closer, on the first ring where the Newsight families lived, the inevitable heirs to the throne of a revolution, the unopposing. But, Vincent thought, perhaps there was opposition after all.
“I know where we need to go.”
Jessica turned to him. She, too, had been looking at the Center. “Where?”
“I …” Vincent trailed off. He didn’t realize how ludicrous his theory would sound until it started to leave his mouth, but it was all they had to go on. “I think I know someone who’s fighting against Newsight.”
“Really?” said Jessica, suddenly with a spark of hope. “Who?”
Vincent paused again. He thought back to the first sim about the Order, the one from which he had completely tuned out. In his survey of the room, there had been only one who had not been engaged. Vincent remembered the way Brian had caught his eye with a grin, ever so faint a grin, before his face had gone blank.
“Brian,” he said, and Jessica deflated.
“Vincent, his mom is a Department Head. Brian is the last person who would help.”
“But your dad works for Newsight, doesn’t he? And he knew the truth. He wanted to fight. Why does Brian’s mom have to be any different? His parents could be—”
“Parent,” said Jessica. “It’s just his mom.” She took a breath to say something else, then hesitated, the pocket of air catching in her throat, held there by words she hadn’t quite let go. “She was there when they took my dad, Vincent.” It came out in a rush, and she panted after she said it, sinking, seeming to think the argument had been decided. Vincent wasn’t so sure.
“You’ve met her?” he asked.
Jessica nodded. “Before tonight, when my mom was her boss.” She paused. After a few seconds, she shook her head. “I just don’t think it makes sense, Vincent. Brian’s mom has almost as much to gain from this as Fatrem.”
“But Fatrem will get rid of anyone who poses a threat! She’ll know that.” Vincent had to force himself to keep his voice near a whisper. His mind was racing back to the simulation, to the day of the attack when he had dreamed of the small brown house. “Brian said something to me when I woke up in class. He said to be careful, that dreams are hard to hide. Maybe he was talking about hiding from Newsight. Maybe he knew what Fatrem was planning.” He looked at Jessica, hating the thin film of glass that covered her dark brown eyes beneath. “Maybe his mom told him about the attack. That could be why he was leaving – she must have figured out Fatrem’s plan.”
“Or maybe she helped come up with it.” 
The air went still between them. Jessica’s expression was lined with doubt.
“Look,” began Vincent, “I don’t know why, but I’m sure of this. Brian can help.”
Jessica looked away, shaking her head. Vincent lowered his voice.
“I trusted you during the attack. Can you not trust me now?”
She held his gaze for several seconds, then cast a glance behind the dome next to them. She breathed out, heavily. “Okay,” she said. “It’s worth a try.”
Vincent released a breath of his own. In spite of everything, he allowed himself a small measure of relief.
“When should we go?” asked Jessica.
“Tonight. We can’t wait until the morning. Do you know where he lives?”
Jessica nodded. “I’ve seen him after school.”
She turned to the Center as she said it, and Vincent knew, without following her gaze, she was facing the first ring.
Chapter 5 – The Dome off Ocean
The stacked, ornate domes of the first ring loomed closer. They stood a good deal higher than their counterparts of the outer rings, higher, even, than those of the second and third. They concealed the Center behind them almost completely. Their plots, on which Vincent’s dome could have fit three or four times over, were occupied so completely with sprawling expansions that the entire ring blended together at the sides, forming a single, impenetrable unit. As Vincent and Jessica grew closer to it, Vincent found himself stricken with the impression of having reached the outer wall of some giant cage.
“That’s it,” said Jessica. They came to a stop in the narrow pass between the domes of the first and second rings, just a few plots off the main street.
“You’re sure?” asked Vincent. He followed Jessica’s gaze up toward the dome just ahead, the one closest to Ocean Street. It was four or five times the size of Vincent’s dome. The hemispheres that formed it were stacked three high, with almost a dozen smaller offshoots. The additions hung out over the main stack as if hovering, casting so great a number of shadows as to paint the whole thing black.
“Yes,” said Jessica. “It’s his.”
Vincent drew a deep breath – as deep as he could manage, at least. His lungs had grown tight.
“How do you think we should get in?”
Jessica shrugged. “How else? We’ll have to go through the front.”
Vincent raised a brow. “Are you serious? Shouldn’t we try to sneak in or something?”
“Don’t be ridiculous. We wouldn’t be able to break into a dome in the sixth ring, let alone the first.”
Vincent looked again to the intricately stacked dome ahead. There were no windows, of course. Except perhaps on the far side facing the Center, but windows there would be far too high to access. There would likely be a back door, too, but if it was like Vincent’s, there would be no method of opening it from the outside.
“We’re already here,” said Jessica. “We have to try.”
Vincent turned toward the front door of Brian’s dome. The greater portion of it was shaded by the overhang of the second story some ten feet above. The screen on its surface was visible even from across the street. Vincent forced himself to focus on the small light there.
“Okay,” he said, breathing in. “I’m ready when you are.”
Jessica’s posture grew straight. She nodded.
No longer shrinking from the lights overhead, they crossed the street together to the front door. They came to a stop at the front step.
“Look,” said Jessica. Vincent followed her finger toward the palm-sized panel on the door’s surface. The light there was bright orange. “He must have been awake.”
Vincent grew rigid, the way he did when he knew he was being watched. The orange light indicated surveillance activity. They were being watched. A voice, clear and ungarbled, spoke to them through the intercom. 
“What are you doing here?”
It was Brian, but he didn’t sound as confident as usual. He wavered on certain syllables, and his words shook in a way Vincent hadn’t heard before.
“We want to talk to you.” It was Jessica who answered. “Can you let us in?”
There was silence on the other end for a few seconds.
“You shouldn’t be here,” said Brian. He had forced some of the old boldness back into his voice. “The Seclusion is on lockdown. You need to go back to your domes.”
“I think you know we can’t do that,” said Vincent.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” fumbled Brian. “But you need to go back. You should be asleep.”
“So should you.”
The intercom went silent again, for longer this time. Vincent was holding his breath. He had to resist the temptation to scan the shadows for gray uniforms. He kept his attention straight forward, his eyes locked on the blank screen of the intercom, his ears perked for the slightest rustle of movement.
The front door slid open.
Vincent turned to the opening, frowning. The lower section of his stomach started to churn. He was almost disappointed. His nerves would have been much calmer had Newsight’s charcoal gray uniforms streamed from the shadows. At least then he would have known what to expect.
“Maybe you were right,” whispered Jessica, a slight trembling in her lower lip.
Still frowning, Vincent turned back to the screen. The orange light had gone dark.
“I guess we’ll see,” said Vincent. “Come on.” He took the lead and stepped inside. To his surprise, the lights flicked on overhead.
If Jessica’s dome was on one end of the spectrum, Brian’s was on the end opposite. The Main was the size of Vincent’s entire dome, and dutifully barren but for two empty white chairs on either side of the kitchen table, the surface of which looked impossible to rest one’s elbows on without slipping. Around the room’s perimeter were a dozen sliding doors, all of them closed and still, each so eerily identical to the last that if not for the reference point of the kitchen, Vincent may have lost track of where they’d entered.
There was a soft thud from somewhere above. Vincent tensed, his mind once again filled with images of men in gray jumpsuits. Jessica shifted a touch closer to him as they looked up. The ceiling, instead of the dome’s usual curve, was flat, and the pure white had been replaced by something not quite that, something almost see-through, a thick, frosted kind of glass.
Vincent could see a shadow; the thuds were footsteps of someone a story above. The steps grew progressively softer as the shadow drew farther away from them, deeper into the dome toward the far side, then went quiet altogether. Vincent cast Jessica a look, but she seemed as puzzled as he was. They spun around together when they heard Brian’s voice.
“This isn’t a good idea.” The boy had just emerged through a door in the far wall of the dome. “The raids on the Senators won’t last much longer.”
“We didn’t have anywhere else to go,” said Vincent.
“That doesn’t mean you should have come here.”
Vincent didn’t make a move to leave. Nor did Jessica.
“We know what’s going on with Newsight,” said Jessica. “We know everything.”
Vincent let out a breath that had been caught somewhere in his throat. Any pretense they had entered with was now gone.
“All the more reason to have let yourselves be taken.” Brian had yet to venture more than a few steps toward them.
“I don’t think you believe that,” said Vincent.
Even from a distance, Vincent could see Brian’s eyebrows twitch upward. “And why is that?”
“What you said after my dream. And the way you looked at me in the simulation.” He scanned Brian’s face for any betraying sign of recognition. The boy was unreadable. “You know something. About Newsight. But we know things, too. We know about the bill and the new Lenses and—”
“Stop.”
Vincent caught his words mid-sentence and went quiet. Now was the time, he thought. It had been as good as a confession. The men in gray uniforms would appear at any second.
“Both of you?” asked Brian. They nodded. Brian stayed still, his eyes unblinking, appraising them, then, slowly, he nodded as well. He left the safety of the door frame and started toward the kitchen table, his footsteps muffled now that they didn’t fall on the glass floor above. “I expected Vincent,” he said, “but you …” He inspected Jessica. “… I never would have thought, what with your father. My mother says he loves Newsight.”
Jessica snorted under her breath. “He’s a good actor.”
“Apparently not good enough.”
Jessica tensed, but Brian didn’t seem to notice. He walked through the dining room and into the kitchen, stopping to rummage around in one of the cabinets. “Sit,” he said, motioning to the dinner table.
Vincent stayed where he was, as did Jessica.
“The least you can do is show some manners if you expect me to risk this for you.” 
“Risk what?” said Vincent. He didn’t bother curbing the edge of suspicion in his voice.
“Everything,” said Brian. He emerged from behind the cabinet, motioning to the room at large. His fingers were curled around the rims of three small cups. “If my mom happens to bring someone back for a meeting after the raids, they’ll turn you in.”
“How do we know you haven’t already done that?” asked Jessica. “Or your mom. My dad always says how under Fatrem’s thumb she is.”
Brian grinned at this. It was an expression not so unlike the one of his Vincent had seen in the classroom, fleeting, and nearly undecipherable for someone not expecting it.
“Your dad isn’t the only one who can act,” said Brian.
Jessica shook her head. “That isn’t enough.”
“Are you really in the position to ask for anything more?”
Jessica opened her mouth to counter him, but she said nothing.
Vincent answered for her. “Just tell us what you know or turn us in. We didn’t come here to be toyed with.”
Brian let his lips curl upward in another grin. They stayed that way for a few seconds this time. “Sit.” He motioned to the table once again, then turned back toward the kitchen. Reluctantly, but knowing there was nothing else to do, Vincent started forward. Jessica followed at a slower pace behind him.
“You should be more careful,” said Brian. He was back in the kitchen, filling the cups under the sink faucet. “If you had walked in any other dome saying what you just said, you would have signed your own death warrants.”
“Have we not already?” Vincent lowered himself into the chair closest to the kitchen. Jessica followed suit in the chair closest to the door.
“Maybe you already have somewhere else,” said Brian as he started filling the final cup. “But not here. No Lenses in the first ring can be connected to the normal network. My mom lobbied for it herself, ‘to protect sensitive management conversations’.” He crossed over to them and distributed the cups. “Lucky for you it protects more than just conversations about management. You’re safe here, but only for a while. They’ll have seen you come.”
“So they already know,” said Vincent. “They have been watching.”
“Maybe, but the system still has bugs. They won’t catch everything at first. Especially during the raids. And it’s not like you have to worry about making things worse for yourselves. Running from them already did that.” Brian lifted his cup to his lips and took a drink. Vincent and Jessica left theirs untouched.
“You mean there’s a chance we can make it out of this?” asked Vincent. “That we can save our parents?”
“Don’t get ahead of yourself. If you’ve somehow gotten the idea in your head that the Order is some ultra-powerful—”
“The Order?” interrupted Jessica. “What are you talking about?”
Brian stopped, looking confused for the first time. “I’m talking about what you asked me to talk about.”
“We didn’t come to talk about the Order,” said Vincent. “We’re here because we thought you might be a part of some sort of movement against Newsight.”
Brian’s grin returned. It looked uglier now, for some reason. “That’s my fault,” he said, sitting his water back on the counter behind him. “I thought you had worked it all out. The Order is more than just the catalyst Fatrem needed to pass his bill. It’s the reason he wanted it passed. Part of it, anyway.”
“You’re saying the old Order still exists?” asked Jessica. “They’re still protesting?”
“They’re doing more than that,” said Brian. “They’re resisting. The ‘attacks’ the Senate has been talking about have all been on Newsight factories. The attacks authorized by the true Order, at least. The ones on civilians, I’m guessing you already know about.”
Vincent and Jessica said nothing.
“My mom started telling me about it all when I first started school. Around the time John left.”
“John?” said Vincent.
“My brother. He ran off years ago. My mom says he’s helping her, but I’m not sure he’s even alive.”
Jessica squinted, as if concentrating. “I remember John. Barely, from the Newsight retreats when we were little. But what would he be helping your mom with?”
“Something with the Order. My mom needs all the help she can get.”
“Your mom is in the Order?” joined Vincent.
“She’s been on the inside for years,” said Brian. “Without her, the Order would stand even less of a chance than we already do.”
Jessica raised an eyebrow. “We?”
Brian merely stared back. Jessica didn’t lower her gaze.
“But the Order has to stand some chance, right?” said Vincent, breaking the silence. “The attacks must be doing something.”
Brian held Jessica’s gaze a second longer before turning to Vincent. “I don’t think you understand what Newsight is capable of. Your only sample is what you’ve seen in the Seclusion. You have no idea what’s going on outside of it, or what it even is.”
“And you do?” challenged Jessica.
Brian shrugged in his indifferent, secretive way. “I’ve seen it for myself,” he said. “In THE SIM.”
“The sim?” Jessica’s words didn’t have the same emphasis. “I don’t remember any of our simulations from class having—”
“Not from class, from Goodwin.”
Jessica started to say something back, then frowned instead. Vincent looked from her to Brian, confused. “Who’s Goodwin?”
“George Goodwin, the founder of the Order,” said Brian. “The only Newsight protestor still alive from the beginning. He gouged out his eyes so they could never make him wear Lenses.” There was a far-off, worshipful look in Brian’s eyes as he spoke. “Goodwin made THE SIM himself. One copy on a sim print so it wouldn’t be on the Newsight network. It’s the heart of the Order: maps, plans, passwords and every Newsight secret ever uncovered. Goodwin worked on it for years to …” Brian trailed off. His eyes went out of focus; his head turned to the side. He was watching something, something in his Lenses. After a few seconds of silence, he looked up.
“My mom is outside.” His voice had dropped to a whisper. “There’s someone with her.”
Chapter 6 – The Office
“What do we do?” asked Jessica. She seemed ready to sprint for the door.
Brian stayed where he was, his eyes on the cup in his hand.
“Brian,” said Vincent – he thought he could hear voices outside. 
“I’m thinking.”
Brian didn’t look at him as he said it. He was looking across the Main at the front door, sporadically drawing his eyes close together to focus on his Lenses.
There were definitely voices now.
“Brian,” prompted Vincent. “What do we do?” 
Brian looked up at them, then at the door across the room. “Hide.” The word seemed to inject an urgency in him, pushing him from his seat and pulling his gaze from his Lenses. “This way.”
“The waters,” said Jessica. “What should we—”
“Bring them!”
They snatched their cups and started after Brian toward the stairs.
“In,” said Brian, when they were at the door. “They’re almost—”
To their right, there was a soft, familiar beep as the retinal scanner outside prepared to unlock.
“Upstairs!” Brian slammed a palm against the wall next to the door, and the door slid to the side. “Third story.”
Behind them, the locks of the main door clicked free. Brian grabbed Jessica by the wrist and pulled her toward the stairs. Vincent lunged after her as the main door slid open behind them—
The dome went black. Vincent froze, held immobile by the darkness. He felt a hand on his arm, then a whisper.
“Go.”
It was Brian. Guided by the boy’s touch, Vincent found his way through the opening. As soon as he did there was a sliding sound behind him – like the seal being closed on a jet of air – and the darkness lifted. Jessica was there with him, her eyes wide, her pupils dilated.
“Brian?”
The voice was muffled – it was coming from the other side of the door.
“What did you just do?”
“Sorry,” said Brian. By the relative clarity of his voice, he must have been standing just outside. “I just meant to close the door behind me. I didn’t mean to get the lights as well.”
The other speaker stayed silent for a beat. “Clumsy of you,” it said after a pause. Vincent could hear the voice better now. It sounded like a woman’s.
“Sorry, Mother.”
Vincent and Jessica exchanged a look. Neither of them started up the stairs.
“Don’t be silly,” said Brian’s mother. “I don’t blame you for trying to hide from Marcus. Everyone hides from him.”
The man named Marcus ignored the jibe, and in a voice Vincent found pointedly familiar, said: “Good to see you again, Brian.”
“But it’s quite late,” continued Brian’s mother. “Why aren’t you in bed?”
“I couldn’t sleep. I … I was thinking about today.”
Brian’s mother clicked her tongue sympathetically. Vincent imagined her head tilting to the side, affectionate. For some reason, though, the image seemed out of place.
“Of course you were,” she said. “Why don’t you go upstairs and get back in bed. I’ll be up there in a little while. Marcus and I have some important things to talk about.”
There was a pause, perhaps just long enough for Brian to nod, then more footsteps – Brian was starting for the stairwell door.
Up.
The word appeared on the bottom rim of Vincent’s Lenses. And by the way Jessica’s eyes darted toward the bridge of her nose, it had appeared on hers, too.
“We need to move,” hissed Vincent. He grabbed Jessica by the hand and started to climb. They had to get out of sight before Brian opened the door.
“Mother?”
Brian’s voice was right outside; his hand must have been hovering over the button.
“Goodnight,” he said.
 The soft but frantic thuds of Vincent and Jessica’s footsteps muffled the reply. The door slid open behind them just as they reached the top of the flight. When Brian stepped through and the door closed after him, he was composed again.
“I knew you’d be eavesdropping,” he whispered, seeing the quickened rise and fall of Vincent’s shoulders. “They almost saw you.”
“Why would it matter?” said Jessica. “I thought you said your mother was part of the Order.”
“I’ve already told you,” said Brian. “It wouldn’t matter if my mom saw you, but she’s not alone. You heard Marcus.”
Jessica said nothing back, but Vincent could tell she was far from convinced.
“Marcus is Newsight’s Head of Privacy,” continued Brian, starting to climb. “If he’s here, the Privacy Officers will have finished the raids.”
With a sinking feeling, Vincent realized why the man’s voice had seemed familiar. He had heard it just earlier that night in conversation with his father. The frail man who had led the raid of men in gray jumpsuits – Privacy Officers, Brian had called them – was now standing only a story below.
“How long is a while?” asked Jessica.
Brian shrugged his shoulders, then pushed past them into the open room beyond the mouth of the staircase. It was predictably round, with a handful of doors to line its perimeter. The frosted glass they had seen from the Main served as the room’s floor. Vincent took a cautious step onto it.
“Don’t follow me,” said Brian over his shoulder. He pointed at the glass beneath his feet. “They’d see the shadow. Anyway, you’re going to the next story.” He flicked a lazy hand toward the bend at Vincent and Jessica’s backs where, around the corner, was another flight of stairs.
“Aren’t you going to show us where to go?” asked Jessica.
“Then they wouldn’t see the shadow,” said Brian. “My shadow.” He came to a stop in front of a door on the far side of the room. “Go to the second room on the left. Mom takes other managers upstairs sometimes, but they never go to that room. Just wait, and after Marcus leaves, you might get to see THE SIM.”
“THE SIM?” said Vincent. “But I thought you said there’s only one copy.”
“I did. Goodwin entrusted it to my mother.” He puffed up importantly. “If she thinks you’re serious enough about all this, you could watch it tonight. Experience it, really. You talk to it, ask it any question about the Order and it gives you the answer.”
“Then we shouldn’t be wasting time,” said Jessica. “If it can help us get our parents back, we should watch it now.”
Brian shook his head. “You’ll have to be supervised while you watch it. It’s too important to give it to you alone.” He pressed a button next to his own door and the thing slid open. “Besides, the room you’re going to has plenty to watch.” He gave them one last, indiscernible grin, then disappeared into his room.
“Vincent, I don’t like this.” Jessica stared at Brian’s closed door, brow furrowed. “I don’t trust him.”
Vincent joined her gaze. “I don’t think I do either, but we really don’t have a choice.”
“Maybe we do. We could always just—”
The pressurized breath sounded a flight below, and Vincent dodged around the corner, pulling Jessica with him. Down the stairs behind them, he could hear two sets of footsteps.
“… yes, I understand that.” It was Brian’s mother. “And I completely agree. However, the—”
Let’s go! mouthed Vincent. He pulled Jessica toward the second set of stairs.
“I see your point,” said Marcus. “But their effect has been negated. Fatrem foresaw that long ago.”
Vincent stared straight down at the steps as he climbed, having to force himself not to stop and listen.
“Let’s hope so,” said Brian’s mother. “If not, none of this will have been worth the trouble.”
Marcus grunted in response, and the pair of them started to climb. Vincent was so intent on listening for the next thread of conversation he nearly ran into the door just ahead.
“Vincent!” Jessica pulled him back just in time. She reached out and pressed the button.
“It will be worth it,” said Marcus, his voice masking the sound of the door. “There’s no need to worry.”
Jessica allowed herself a sigh of relief before climbing the final step. Vincent followed close behind into a curved hallway.
“I still think—”
“You have to be careful,” hissed Jessica, as the door closed, snapping Vincent’s focus. “We need to find the second room.” She scanned both walls as they walked, but there was scarcely a seam in either. Vincent cast a glance behind them. They were still in view of the staircase.
“There’s the first,” said Jessica, pointing ahead to an arch-shaped door on their left. “Come on.” She tugged on Vincent’s arm. Vincent glanced behind them at the door to the stairs. Marcus and Brian’s mother had to be getting close.
“There!”
Jessica spotted the second door and started for it. Still straining to hear the conversation behind them, Vincent started forward more slowly. When Jessica pressed the button and urged them inside, he kept his ear against the door without turning around. Jessica leaned back against the wall, shoulders vibrating from rapid, shallow breaths.
“Can you hear them?” she whispered.
Vincent held a finger to his lips – the door down the hall had slid open.
“How many in total were raided?” asked Brian’s mother.
“Almost a dozen. Some of them were employees but most were Senators.”
Hearing the voices, Jessica pressed her ear up against the door as well.
“And that’s all of them? All you detected?”
“There are certainly more. But none who can do any damage.”
There was nothing but footsteps for a while, the soft thuds of which were growing far too near for Vincent’s liking.
“Here?” said Marcus.
Vincent and Jessica leaned away from the door in the same instant. They no longer had to strain to hear the man’s voice – it was coming from right outside.
“No,” said Brian’s mother, and Vincent relaxed. “Keep going.”
The footsteps resumed, this time carrying their owners farther down the hall. When they had faded sufficiently, Vincent let out a breath.
“I thought he had set us up,” said Jessica.
Vincent thought of Brian’s unreadable expression outside the door of his bedroom. “Maybe he still has.”
Jessica bit down on the insides of her cheeks, frowning. “Do you think he was telling the truth about THE SIM?”
“We’ll know soon enough. For now I guess we’re stuck here.”
The room was small and square with crimson walls and patterned wooden floors, devoid of furniture but for a large, ornate desk with elaborate carvings on the corners. Behind the desk, upholstered along the front with a rich red fabric, was an imposing wooden chair, and behind that was a wall of ceiling-height shelves, each lined with the same kind of leather-bound books Vincent had seen in Jessica’s dome.
“They have books,” said Jessica, in awe. She crossed over to the shelves and sat her water on the desk. She plucked a book from its perch.
“Jessica I don’t think we should—”
“Relax.” She flipped the book open to the first page. “I’m sure Brian doesn’t expect us to just stare at the wall.”
Vincent bit back a second protest and checked the time. Judging they had at least a few minutes, he sat down at the desk to wait. As soon as he did, an ice-cold prickling slithered from his tailbone to his neck, chilling his spine stiff and sucking the breath from his lungs. A moment later, as Jessica’s turning of a page broke the silence, the feeling was gone. He suppressed a shudder and scooted forward, making contact with as little of the chair as possible. 
The desk’s surface was bare but for an unfamiliar contraption in the corner. The base of the thing was about book-size, with two eye-shaped spheres sitting on top and an old-fashioned camera lens protruding from the end. Casting a cautious glance at the door, Vincent ran a finger across one of the spheres. It was smooth and cold to the touch. He felt the base, ran his fingers along the side of it, over a small button …
There was a flash to the left, and the far wall was no longer crimson. The device had projected it with a checkerboard of what looked like miniature video feeds.
Jessica looked up from the book. “What is that?”
Vincent stood and took a step closer to the wall. He half-expected the video feeds to disappear, but they remained as clear as ever. “It’s the dome.”
The very middle square showed a feed of the Main. The stripped-clean kitchen and frosted glass ceiling were exactly as he remembered.
The other squares contained feeds as well, all different. One near the upper right showed Brian’s bedroom. He was under the covers of his bed, his eyes fixed on the ceiling. Another square showed a room much like the one they were in currently, only without the bookshelf and ornate brown desk. It was a more Seclusion-appropriate version of what an office was supposed to look like: undecorated, with a simple table and single chair, both rounded at the corners, both white. The people inside it, too, Brian’s mother in her snow-colored jumpsuit and Marcus in his ashen gray one, matched their surroundings in a way Vincent couldn’t quite pinpoint.
“They’re talking,” said Jessica. “Look.”
Vincent leaned closer, and he could see Marcus’s mouth moving. There was no sound to accompany it.
“Is there volume?”
“I don’t think so,” said Vincent. He had felt nothing on the projection device but the small button.
“Maybe if we …” Jessica stepped closer and raised her hand toward the feed, tapping the surface of the wall where Brian’s mother and Marcus were pictured. As soon as her fingers made contact, the feed expanded to the full size of the wall, crowding the others around it from view. As it grew, so too did the volume. Marcus was still speaking.
“… and before you say it, yes, they’re just children. But I would prefer not to take any chances, no matter how small.”
Brian’s mother nodded, slowly, as she lowered herself down into the chair behind the small round desk. Even sitting, she was quite tall. Her hands were interlocked under her pointed chin for support. Her eyes were steady and unrevealing. “I understand. I just don’t want you to lose sight of the larger picture.”
“I’m not,” said Marcus. “But I’m not going to lose sight of the smaller ones, either.”
Brian’s mother nodded once again, unreadable.
Jessica turned from the screen, her voice near a whisper, as if the people in the feed might overhear them. “Do you think Brian wanted us to find this?”
Vincent shrugged. “Maybe.”
Jessica turned back to the feed, still frowning. Brian’s mother was about to speak.
“Did you encounter any trouble?”
“There were some struggles,” said Marcus. “But nothing major. The Senator’s and the developer’s kids were the only ones to escape.”
Vincent and Jessica gave one another a look.
“And escape is far from the right word,” continued Marcus. “If you would have just let my men—”
“Enough.” Brian’s mother remained sitting, but her voice had risen. Marcus seemed to shrink slightly. “I’ve already told you: that order came from above, not from me.” She paused here, ensuring Marcus wasn’t going to interrupt. “Besides, the order has since been rescinded. You’re free to do as you wish.”
Marcus perked up at this. Brian’s mother noticed.
“But that should not distract you from your other duties.”
“Of course,” said Marcus. His tone was flat, unconvincing. “My other obligations are few, anyway.”
“The detainees?”
“I’ve delegated.”
“Even the priority ones?”
“They require little effort.”
“Ah.” Brian’s mother paused here. A patronizing edge had begun to creep into her tone. “The assignments mandated by Fatrem himself require little effort. I may have guessed.”
Marcus shifted where he stood. His discomfort was evident. “I did not say they are not important. I simply mean there is little I can do at the moment.”
“And there is no preparation to be done? The first announcement is due to be made in the morning.”
“I am aware of the timeline, Lynn.” Marcus didn’t shrink away from her this time. “Fatrem has trusted me with this matter, and I would expect you to do the same.”
If possible, Brian’s mother – Lynn, Marcus had called her – grew even straighter in her seat. “I trust you, but there can be no mistakes. If Smith is to take the fall, you need to be convincing.”
“I will be. But I’ll need more leverage at some point. If not for Smith, then for the developer.”
“Enough about the children. We have Smith’s wife. She’s enough leverage for now. And the developer we won’t need for long.”
Marcus grunted in response. “I had my men check for the children’s whereabouts before coming here—” Lynn seemed prepped to interrupt – “not to pursue them,” rushed Marcus. “Just to monitor.” He paused for a second, but Lynn remained quiet. “They were off the grid. Do you know what that means?”
Lynn raised her eyebrows, feigning interest. “They’re dead?”
“They’re in the first ring,” said Marcus, ignoring the sarcasm. “In the management sector. They must have been told of the dead zones.”
If Vincent wasn’t mistaken, he could see a glint of suspicion in Marcus’s gaze. Lynn snorted.
“And whoever could have told them that? It couldn’t have been the girl’s father. The one who’s been digging through the software for years. The one who knows nearly as much as management.”
Marcus tilted his chin upward with a cold, inspecting look. “I’m sure that’s who it was.”
They stayed like that for a moment, locked in a silent, icy stare, before Marcus spoke again. “Is there anything else?”
“Not at the moment,” said Lynn. She stood from her seat and motioned to the door. “I’ll walk you out.”
They both started for the hall, and Jessica tapped on the feed once again to shrink it to its previous square. “They have our parents.”
Vincent opened his mouth to speak, then closed it when he saw her eyes – they had begun to well with tears.
“Your parents are important to them,” she said. “My dad isn’t.”
“Jessica, you don’t know …”
Vincent trailed off mid-sentence when he heard the footsteps outside. The sound grew louder as Marcus and Lynn approached the door but faded just as quickly, down the hall and toward the stairs, leaving them in silence once again.
“We can’t think about that,” said Vincent, his voice softer now. “We won’t be able to do anything. Not yet. We’ll ask Brian’s mom after Marcus leaves. She might know where Newsight is keeping them.”
“You really trust that woman?”
“Yeah,” he said. “I do.” It wasn’t true, of course. He trusted Lynn no more than he trusted Brian.
“I don’t know, Vincent.” Jessica turned to the portion of the wall where Lynn had just been pictured. “It doesn’t seem right. Marcus already knows we’re somewhere in the first ring.”
“But we know exactly where he is.” Vincent pointed to the checkerboard of video feeds. Marcus and Lynn had just walked into the square of the Main. “We’re ahead of them. We might not even need to talk to Lynn. Look—” he pointed to the feed– “they’re talking again. They might be saying something about our parents.”
Still looking unconvinced, Jessica tapped the feed.
“It’s a pleasure as always,” Lynn was saying. They were just outside of the stairwell, about to start for the main door. “Is there anything else I can do for you before you leave?” Something about her tone seemed to push Marcus toward the door, but he stayed where he was, his eyes roaming the Main with deliberate care.
“I won’t keep you. Brian seems to need your attention.” He glanced at the cup, still half full, sitting on the kitchen counter. “He was up awfully late.”
Lynn sighed. Vincent couldn’t tell if she was actually concerned. “He had a traumatizing day.”
Marcus nodded in agreement. He still didn’t start for the door. “You’re aware of the Lenses’ new capabilities, I assume?”
Lynn raised her eyebrows. “I should think so. I helped design them.”
Marcus nodded, unfazed. “Then you’ll know they record everything they see. We can’t hold the footage indefinitely, but we can go back several hours. Relive conversations.”
Lynn crossed her arms. She rose to her full height, which was an inch or two taller than Marcus. “I don’t recall requesting a lecture on the work of my own department.”
Marcus smirked at her. “When I checked on the whereabouts of the children, I rewound their Lenses. They had an interesting conversation about your son. And you.”
“Is that so?” said Lynn.
“It is. And before they entered the first ring, they kept looking at this dome.” Marcus looked around them, surveying the empty-walled space, scrutinizing.
“What are you implying, Marcus?”
Marcus smirked again. “Nothing at all. But you’ll understand my hesitance to leave without giving your dome a more thorough search.”
“A search?” repeated Lynn. “I think you’re forgetting where you are.”
“Oh no,” said Marcus. “My memory is quite good. And it stretches back far enough to know you have a history.”
“By association,” snapped Lynn. “He ran off on his own accord. Brian and I have nothing to do with him.” She glanced around them where Marcus’s eyes had just been roaming. “You don’t have authority here.”
Marcus tilted his head and pressed his lips tighter together. “I’m afraid I do. My job is to monitor privacy. And for some reason, you seem to have quite a lot of it.”
“I’m a Department Head,” said Lynn. She pulled her arms tighter around her stomach, as if to hold herself together. “Fatrem trusts me. Why else would he have given me the privacy he has?”
Marcus grinned. “Perhaps he does trust you. But trust is temporary.” His eyes lost focus for a moment, flitting in toward his nose, then to the side. “And so is privacy.”
Behind them, the main door of the dome exploded inward. A stream of gray-clad Privacy Officers came pouring through. Lynn didn’t blink.
“As you wish.” She turned to the men invading her dome. Her voice was steady. “Search,” she said. “Everywhere.”
Chapter 7 – Beyond the Rings
The swarm of men divided into pairs and spread like a virus through the Main. Lynn and Marcus disappeared among them.
“We need to get out of here,” said Jessica.
Vincent tapped the wall’s surface so the Main shrank into the checkerboard of feeds. The officers had begun to enter the other frames, some into the stairwell.
“We might be able to find another exit. If not we’ll have to—”
His Lenses went white with a message.
I hear something downstairs. It was Brian. You can see what it is. Press the side button on the Lens Projector.
Jessica uncrossed her eyes, seeming to have received the message as well, and expanded the feed for Brian’s room. He was standing, looking straight into the camera. With a blink, Vincent sent him an image of the surveillance footage in front of them, zooming in slightly on the officers bounding up the stairs.
Brian continued to stare into the camera, speaking aloud now, no longer bothering with his Lenses. “They’ll find THE SIM.”
Two men crossed the glass floor to his room.
“You have to get to it before they do. It’s in a Lens case under the books.”
They barged through the door. Brian backed away, voice frenetic, eyes on the camera.
“It’ll hide for you. The shelf is—”
The first officer threw him against the wall and pinned his arms behind his back, muttering something indiscernible into his ear.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” said Brian. “Get off me!”
Jessica tapped the screen and Brian’s feed shrank into the checkerboard of the rest. Two other pairs of men had climbed the stairs. They disappeared into the rooms on either side of Brian’s. “They’ll be up here soon, Vincent. We need to get out.”
	“I’m not leaving without THE SIM.”
	“You don’t know if he’s telling the truth.”
	Vincent spun the chair around so it faced the bookshelf. “Just tell me when they’re close.”
Jessica opened her mouth to protest but said nothing. She cast the office door a nervous look before turning back to the feeds. 
Vincent climbed onto the chair and flung books from the top shelf with both hands. He cleared the surface in a matter of seconds and ran his fingers along the wood with no result.
“They’re searching the other rooms,” said Jessica.
He cleared another shelf, then the next, feeling nothing but bare wood. He forced himself not to look at the feeds as he moved to the final row.
“They’re almost done,” said Jessica. Panic was beginning to enter her voice.
He cleared the remaining shelf in a single sweep – no Lens case tucked under the books, no hidden compartments in the wood.
“They’re leaving the rooms,” said Jessica. The words spilled from her in a rush. “Vincent we need to get out of here.”
His heart pounded as he stared at the bare surface of the bottom shelf, at the equally empty ones of the shelves above it. Mind racing, he turned to face the door, on the verge of pulling Jessica from the room, and then he saw the desk. The bottom right cabinet had been knocked open, and inside was a single shelf.
“They’re coming up the stairs,” said Jessica, frantic now. “Four of them, Vincent, they’re in our hall.”
Breath frozen in his throat he dropped to his knees by the open cabinet. He threw the books from the shelf. He swept across the wood with his hands, felt something slick under his left.
“Two are in the first room,” said Jessica. “Two are coming this way.”
He pulled back, and there was the Lens case. Small and circular and made of flexible plastic, it clung to his wrist as if by adhesive. With an electric flicker it sealed against his flesh, matching his skin to the last pigment.
“Vincent!” Jessica turned from the feeds to the office door, and the officers were inside. They saw Jessica first and started for her. On instinct, Vincent lunged forward and shoved the foremost man in the chest. He started for the second only for his head to explode with a splitting pain. He fell to the ground, holding himself where he’d been struck. Through bleary eyes he saw the man wrap Jessica’s arms behind her. He watched, blinking rapidly to chase the pain from his head, as the two officers from the room over joined the struggle. They dragged Jessica toward the door, eventually lifting her from her feet to avoid her wild kicks.
Vincent could manage little more than a muffled groan as they dragged him along behind. Every step they took was another excruciating jolt to the lump on his head, and by the time they reached the stairs, his vision had gone foggy with pain.
As they hauled him downstairs he saw Marcus and Lynn in the room’s center, and Brian struggling against his own escort off to the side. He caught Brian’s eye and gave him a nearly imperceptible nod. Brian, seeming to understand, calmed his struggles without question.
When they came to a stop, Marcus clicked his tongue in disapproval and turned to Lynn. “What a shame. You were the best Head of Product we’ve ever had. Fatrem will loath to replace you.”
“He won’t have to,” said Lynn. Even through blurred vision, Vincent could see the lack of fear, of anything, really, in the woman’s eyes. Judging from her crossed arms and impatient stance, she could have been in a particularly boring meeting.
“I doubt that,” said Marcus. “Even you won’t be able to recover from this. Or Brian.”
“Brian and I had nothing to do with this. You can use lie detection if you’d like.”
“I think I will,” said Marcus. “But later. As you were just lecturing, I have other matters to attend to.” He turned to the men holding Vincent and Jessica. “Where did you find them?”
“Third story,” the man holding Vincent said. “In an office.”
Lynn looked up at them, her posture, if possible, even more rigid than before.
“And did you find anything else?” asked Marcus.
“No, sir. Nothing unusual.”
Unconsciously, Vincent flexed his left wrist where THE SIM had attached itself, and when he did, he saw a dawning look of realization pass across Lynn’s face.
Marcus didn’t seem to notice. “Very well. Take them.” Then, with a relishing look at Lynn: “All of them.”
Lynn breathed out heavily, more annoyed than troubled. “You’d do better to focus on your own job. Leave mine to me.”
“I would if I felt safe doing so.” Marcus gave her a disdainful, smirking look before turning to the men holding Vincent and Jessica. “To the transports. Get these two out of the management sector.”
Jessica stared up at the man with a glare that would have made Mrs. Farring cringe. Vincent knew beyond a doubt she was thinking of her father.
“I’ll never understand the privacy privilege given to the first ring,” continued Marcus, ignoring Jessica. “There’s absolutely no excuse for anyone being off the grid.”
Jessica’s expression changed, her eyes widened. She broke the man’s gaze, glare forgotten, and flicked her pupils side to side under her Lenses. Vincent blinked as he watched her, still fighting the throb of the pain. She continued the movement even as the officers began dragging them across the tile.
“Would you like me to drive Brian and myself?” asked Lynn. “We have nothing to hide.”
Marcus laughed, callous and unpracticed. “We’ll be the judges of that. As for Brian, I had almost forgotten. He can ride with the children.” He flicked his head at the officer holding Brian, and the man started forward.
“I didn’t do anything wrong,” said Brian, struggling against the man. He looked back at Lynn, imploring. “Mother!”
Lynn twitched at the lips, but she said nothing.
Vincent could watch the scene unfold only in his periphery. Jessica had gone still again, completely calm. He caught her attention with a questioning look. With a discreet glance up at the officers, her eyes began twitching in a more familiar pattern: the darting composition of a message. Marcus saw this in an instant.
“The girl is doing something,” he snapped. “Darken her.”
An officer at Marcus’s side stepped forward with a short club and placed the tip of it on Jessica’s temple. He pressed a button on the bottom of the thing, and her eyes went white. They stayed like that for a few seconds – robbed of their normal, rich brown – before returning. She swayed where she stood, disoriented.
“And the boy.”
Vincent tried to squirm from his captor’s grip, but it was too late. His vision exploded with a blinding white light, and his Lenses grew cold, freezing against his eyes and spurring on the pain already present in his skull. And then he could see again. He sagged against the officer behind him, light-headed.
“You’ll keep your darkeners away from Brian,” said Lynn, her eyes on the white clubs. “He’s the son of a Department Head.”
Marcus glanced at her, then at Brian and the man with the club. “Load them,” he said, and Lynn relaxed.
As the officers took the three of them to the door, Vincent stole a glance back at Lynn, but her face was once again unreadable. A second later, she was gone altogether, and they were outside.
“Put them in here.” Marcus pointed to a large transport parked in front of the dome. The thing had three wheels and a long, egg-shaped pod in the center. The pod looked large enough to accommodate half a dozen people.
“I’ll follow in a few minutes with Lynn,” said Marcus. “Meet in the Center.”
Their escort opened the pod door and forced them into the back row, climbing in after them. Brian and the man with the short club sat in the middle row. In the rearview mirror, Vincent saw the man’s reflection, saw his eyes go out of focus, his lips curl downward. He stayed like that for a moment, then, when the driver’s door slid open in the front row, he composed himself once again.
No one spoke. Vincent chanced a glimpse at Jessica. Her eyes were fixed out the window to the right. Before he could see what she was looking at, their escort shoved him against the seat, forcing his gaze forward once again.
Brian looked back at them. He wore the same look Vincent had seen on him during the simulation – the subtle trace of a reassuring grin, the unspoken message perched on his lips.
When the officer in the driver’s seat propelled the transport forward, Brian turned his gaze straight ahead. The man next to him, however, was shifting in his seat. He had let his eyes slide out of focus again.
Beside him, Vincent felt Jessica nudge his arm as she fastened her restraints. He made no move for his own. He was still watching the scene in front of him. The man was reaching down into his belt. He was removing his short club. He was raising it up. They were turning toward Ocean. The tip of the thing glowed white, pointed at the driver—
Vincent’s head slammed against the window as the pod jerked to the side. They were upside down, weightless for a fraction of a second, rotating in mid-air. He rose from his seat, unrestrained, his hands searching in vain for a hold. The pod jerked as it bounced off the street, sending him hurtling back downward, then jerked again as it came to a stop on the right-side window.
There was silence but for the spinning sound of a wheel outside. Vincent tasted the salt of blood smeared across his lips, felt a damp heat on the back of his head. The splitting pain there had tripled, and his vision came in spurts. He was on the ground, where the right window had once been, with his back twisted and stiff, as if cemented down the spine. The officer was next to him, motionless, his lips parted, his forehead gashed all the way across where the side of the pod had caved in against him. Jessica remained in her restraints. Scratches lined her face in grim streaks, and blood matted down the right side of her hair above the ear, but she was stirring. In the seat just ahead, however, the middle right where the pod had borne the brunt of the impact, there was no such movement. Brian was still. His head hung limply from his shoulders, cocked at an angle so blood dripped from his brow. His eyes, still open, faced the ground. 
A knot rose in Vincent’s windpipe. He looked away, shifting his body toward the front of the pod, and in a blinding wave, his back erupted in pain, white hot needles stabbing through bone, prying open his lips in a silent scream. 
He fell still when the pain receded and caught his breath. Careful not to move his torso this time, he turned his eyes toward the busted windshield. Outside only feet away, dented in spots from the collision but otherwise unharmed, was Simon’s unmanned transport.
In a flash, Marcus’s words in the dome came back to Vincent, only this time in Simon’s voice: off the grid. He thought of the way Jessica’s eyes had gone out of focus, the same way Simon’s had when summoning the transport the day before.
Jessica began to stir, opening her eyes in a daze. “Is it here?”
Vincent tried to nod but stopped when he felt the promise of pain. “It wrecked us. You can use it to get out.”
“So can you,” said Jessica. She started to undo her restraints. “We can help you.” She glanced at the middle right seat. “Brian?”
Vincent bit down on his tongue. “Jessica you don’t have time for this. The officers will wake up soon.”
“I’m waking Brian up now,” she said. “He can help pull you out.” She freed herself of the restraints. “Brian.” Her eyes were on the boy by the window. He didn’t move. “Brian,” she said again, louder this time.
“Jessica …” Vincent trailed off. He was shaking his head. “You have to go.”
Jessica met his gaze, then turned back to Brian. She frowned, as if suspicious, as if the two of them were playing a joke on her, but when Brian didn’t move, the suspicion faded. Her eyes grew wide, her bottom lip began to tremor. 
“Jessica,” Vincent repeated.
She blinked several times, then turned her head, a bit farther than necessary, from Brian. “I can still get you out.” Her words sounded strained, as if she formed them around a lump in her throat. “We’ll have to go through the front.” She crawled over the man in between them. She reached out for Vincent’s arm …
“No don’t—”
Jessica tugged on him, and the pain erupted yet again, more needles through bone, more gasping for breath.
“I can’t. I’m sorry, I can’t. Please just go.”
Jessica paused for a moment, then glanced out at Simon’s transport. “Don’t move. I’ll open your door from the outside.”
Before Vincent could protest, she started for the opening in the windshield. But as she clambered forward, the officer next to Brian began to move. The man was coming to, looking down at his hands, around at the pod … then back at them. He reached for his shoulder restraint. Jessica hurried into the middle row, past Brian, around to the unmoving driver and the open windshield.
The man grabbed her by the overalls and yanked backward.
“No!” she shouted, struggling as he pushed her back into the middle row.
He crawled past her, then over his companion in the driver’s seat, careful to keep his body between Jessica and the windshield.
“Let us go!” she called after him, punching at his legs, desperate.
“Jessica you have to—” Vincent stopped mid-sentence when his spine threatened to erupt yet again. He could only watch as she continued her ineffective blows against the officer’s back.
“Please!” she shouted at him as he crawled through the broken glass. The man only grunted in response. He held her at bay until he could get through the opening and climb to his feet. He started for the left-side door, the door above Vincent.
Jessica pulled herself through the windshield, hysterical now. “Just leave us alone!” she shouted at him again, still trying to pull him back.
Vincent felt a gust of cold. The officer had pulled the dented door open.
Jessica called out from somewhere outside, “Vincent, you have to move!”
Painfully conscious of the man’s groaning efforts overhead, Vincent bit down on his tongue and lifted himself up. The movement shot another wave of burning pain down his spine. He gritted his teeth, shifting another inch, but he was too slow. A set of arms wrapped around him from above. The officer was inside the pod with his arms dropped down into a cradle; he was going to pull Vincent out.
Vincent did his best to remain where he was – he had no intention of fighting through the wave once again – but the man lifted him easily, and the wave was back. He wasn’t sure if he screamed this time, but when he felt the cool breeze of the morning wash over him, his mouth was open, and Jessica was wearing a look of horror.
They were outside. The officer had climbed from the pod with Vincent slung over his shoulders like a large, unimportant sack, and they were sitting in the door frame, both of them panting.
“What are you doing?” asked Jessica. Her face was pale except where it was splattered with blood.
The officer ignored her. He climbed down the undercarriage of the transport, moving carefully now, bracing Vincent the best he could, almost gently.
“What are you doing with him?”
The officer made no response. He finished their descent down the undercarriage in silence and began staggering toward Simon’s pod. Vincent tried to tell Jessica to leave, but his tongue formed only a weak-sounding moan. He knew already what would happen: the officer would load them in and drive them back to Brian’s dome. Or he would lock them inside and wait for help to arrive. Either way, Simon’s off-the-grid vehicle would be their prison, not their escape.
Vincent pushed the thought from his mind. They had THE SIM. They hadn’t come this far only to be locked in some smoking transport. 
Careful not to draw attention, he began peeling the Lens case from his wrist. It flickered in protest, clinging to his skin with the same tone-matching tint as before. 
He would give it to Jessica. If he could convince her to leave, she could escape. THE SIM could escape.
He had the plastic almost fully removed when something down the street drew his attention. It was a light, bright and fluorescent, and it was getting closer.
“What is that?” asked Jessica. She had seen the light too. “Is that … is that a transport?”
Vincent squinted into the light. When he did, he saw the split down the middle – headlights. His stomach sank. The officer wouldn’t have to lock them in Simon’s transport after all. And yet, the man hadn’t slowed his pace. His eyes flitted back and forth between the street and the headlights, and his shuffling steps grew more urgent. 
 “Please just let us go.” Jessica was pleading now, her voice cracking, her eyes darting between the officer and the lights. “Tell them we escaped. Anything.”
They were only a few yards from Simon’s transport. The officer pointed to the driver’s side door.
“What? What is it?” said Jessica. The man only continued to point, starting for the opposite side with Vincent. Jessica didn’t move.
“Get in,” said Vincent. His voice was barely above a whisper. The lights were getting closer – they were moving quickly. “You have to go.”
Jessica hesitated, then, looking at the lights, she started for the driver’s seat. Vincent clenched his jaw, bracing for the pain as they rounded the pod. In spite of the crash, the door slid open the same as usual when the man pressed the button. He bent at the waist so Vincent’s back entered the pod first, and deposited him gingerly inside.
“Protect THE SIM.” The man spoke for the first time. It was a low, deep rasp, and it sounded forced, as if each letter had to fight its way out between his lips. “Leave west for the city. We’ve disabled the border fence.” He glanced over his shoulder, down the street. The lights were still several domes away, but they were closing fast. “Run,” he said, and he closed the door. 
“What’s he doing?” asked Jessica. She hadn’t made a move for the controls. Her eyes were fixed on the officer as he staggered into the street.
“Go,” said Vincent. “He told us to go.”
“But he’s one of them. Maybe it’s a trap.”
The lights were approaching even faster now. The officer pulled the small club from his belt.
“We have to go,” said Vincent. “Now, Jessica. We need to move.”
Jessica’s hands shifted toward the controls, but her eyes stayed on the officer. He was pointing his club at the approaching transport. There was something bright shining from the end, though not nearly as bright as the beams racing toward him. 
“Jessica, go!”
Jessica tore her eyes from the scene and thrust the accelerator forward. The pod shuddered for a moment, then lurched into motion.
The other transport was only feet from the officer. The man widened his stance. He raised the club with the glowing tip. He plunged it toward the street just as the wheels met his legs. There was a flash of white, and the transport’s rear axle went airborne in a kind of somersault. The thing turned on its head, windshield dragging the ground, dragging the crumpled officer under the glass, and skidded across a trail of blood and sparks. It slowed from the friction and came to a stop with a slight rock, surface surging with electric energy, undercarriage breathing smoke. The gray-clad occupants, now turned on their heads and blurred through the waves of heat, were motionless.
“What happened?” asked Jessica. She glanced over her shoulder as she drove, apparently looking for the officer. “He stopped them?”
Vincent averted his eyes from the blood on the street, wincing as he turned forward. Jessica seemed to notice, and her concern for the officer was forgotten.
“I tried to warn you I’d summoned it, but the darkeners … I didn’t mean for any of this to happen.” Her voice shook on these last words, and her eyes darted back to the wreck. Vincent followed her gaze. He knew she was thinking of Brian, of his limp form in the middle right seat.
“It’s not your fault,” said Vincent.
Jessica shook her head, bottom lip quivering. “If we had just waited. The officer would have helped us. Lynn or Brian must have told him. I should have trusted them.”
“You didn’t know. We did the only thing we could.”
Jessica fixed her gaze forward along the curved street of the first ring. She was still for several seconds while her breathing returned to normal. “So what now?” It was her usual, calm tone, but it wasn’t quite normal. He was getting better at detecting the difference.
“He said the fence is disabled. We can leave.”
“And go where?”
“To the nearest city. You heard him.”
“But aren’t the cities dangerous?”
Vincent looked at her, and she turned away, blushing.
“I know here is dangerous, too,” she said. “I just … I’ve never left the Seclusion before.” She turned from the road to look at him. “And our parents are here.”
Vincent had thought of that too. He had half a mind to charge headlong into the Center where the Newsight campus was, but he knew it would be pointless.
“We’ll come back for them,” he said. “But we’ll need help, the Order’s help.” He held out his left wrist where the outline of THE SIM was just visible. “We can watch THE SIM and …” He trailed off when he saw Jessica shaking her head.
“Vincent, our Lenses are dark.”
Vincent deflated. Of course. Until their Lenses were reactivated, they wouldn’t be able to watch THE SIM. Still, Jessica was staring at it, flitting her eyes between it and the road. “Do you really think the Order exists?”
“I don’t know,” said Vincent. “But maybe someone in the city will.”
Jessica turned back to the street in front of them. They were nearly around the Center. “So we’re really going then?” she asked.
“I think we have to.”
Jessica nodded without looking at him. She made the final turn back onto Ocean without lifting her eyes from the road. Behind them, a winding tower of smoke from the crash was still visible, and behind that, the gray line along the horizon had begun to soften into morning. Ahead of them, however, the night was still dark. The street was lit only by the cracked headlights of Simon’s transport. The light was weak, but it raced onward, away from the domes, away from the Seclusion, and west.
Part II – The City
Chapter 8 – The Stayers
Vincent blinked, slowly at first then more quickly as his vision returned. He reached his arms up automatically to stretch. Midway through the motion he froze, preparing himself for the wave of pain the movement would surely have triggered, but he felt nothing. Suspicious of his own body, he completed the stretch as a test, once again braced against the inevitable wave. Still, nothing. That was impossible. If he had tried the same motion in the transport, his eyes would have gone white with agony. In the bed on which he now lay, however, he felt nothing at all.
The room’s only door swung inward. Vincent shrank back against the pillow behind him.
“Hello, Vincent.”
A woman stepped through the opening. She had a squat, sturdy frame and a hardened face, with eyelids that sagged farther than normal over her eyes.
Vincent shifted and felt something tug at his arm. Tracing the pressure down to his wrist, he saw a tube protruding from a small hole in his skin. “Where am I?” he asked. “Where’s Jessica?”
“She’s in the next room,” the woman said back.
“How did we get here?”
“In that odd-looking car. Jack spotted you when you came racing in. You nearly hit him.”
“Jack?”
“My husband.”
From the bag over her shoulder, the woman removed a thin notepad and began scrawling on it. Vincent turned to the room’s only window, but he could see nothing but wisps of white vaporous clouds and the open sky behind them. He turned to the door, which had been left ajar. He could see a hallway beyond, but nothing further.
“Where’s Jessica?” he repeated.
“Jack is taking care of her,” said the woman. “She refused any treatment until she was convinced you would be okay.” The woman made one final scribble, then plunged the book into her bag. She stood upright. “Let me check a few things.” She leaned closer to him, but Vincent recoiled.
“It’s okay, Vincent. You’re safe.” 
“How do you know my name?” 
“Jessica told us.”
“And where are we?”
“The city of Washing.”
Vincent turned to the window, but as before, he could see nothing but open sky. “Who are you?” 
“Abigail. Now stay still.”
Without waiting for permission, the woman leaned closer to him and inserted a funneled device into his ear. She hunched over to peer through it.
“Other side.”
She pulled his left arm so he rolled onto his side, and she repeated the procedure in his other ear.
“What are you doing?” asked Vincent.
“On your back.” Abigail prodded him, gently, to resume his previous position. When he did, she took hold of his wrist – the one without the tube protruding from it – and took his pulse. “Good,” she said, then released his wrist. “Now for your eyes.”
She leaned over him, and Vincent backed away once again. “It’s okay,” she said. “I just want to make sure I didn’t miss anything.”
Relenting, but keeping his eyes on the open door opposite the window, Vincent stayed still. Abigail leaned forward so their faces were only inches apart, and she peered once again through the funneled device.
“They look different than I remember,” she said. Vincent could feel the wind of her words against his cheeks.
“My eyes?”
“Your Lenses. Is this how they all look now?”
Vincent frowned as Abigail switched her inspection to his other eye. “What do you mean? Mine are just the same as yours.”
“I don’t wear Lenses. No one in Washing does.” She opened her eyes wide. Beyond the grayish blue of her irises, there was no trace of the usual thin line. Her eyes were bare.
“But …” Vincent struggled to form words. “How do you engage your simulations and—” He held up his left hand on reflex and breathed a sigh of relief when he saw the faint outline of THE SIM.
“Pardon?”
“Sorry.” Vincent formed his hand into a fist. “I was asking how you engage your simulations. And send messages and access the network. Do you not do any of that?”
Abigail smiled once again. There was a far off, nostalgic quality to her tone. “I’ve heard those questions before. You’re from a Seclusion, aren’t you?”
Vincent nodded. 
“We don’t watch simulations,” she said. “Unlike the other cities. And we don’t send messages; we carry them ourselves.” She glanced out the window, a haze over her gray-blue eyes. “As for the network, I haven’t been connected to that for years. The Lenses are the only devices capable of connecting. And other Newsight products, of course.”
“But my mother said the cities were being shipped new Lenses,” said Vincent. “Why don’t you use those?”
Abigail shook her head. “Only the people who left Washing received the upgrade. Those who stayed, like my husband and I, did not.”
“Why would you have to go somewhere else to wear Lenses?” Vincent thought back to the management sector in the Seclusion. “Is the whole city off network?”
Abigail squinted, tilting her head in thought. “I suppose you could say that. It was our choice, one not many other cities shared.”
“You mean you could choose?” pressed Vincent. “Whether or not to wear Lenses?”
“Whether or not to make them standard,” corrected Abigail, “so that everyone would wear them. In the end, we voted against it. There were too many protests to do anything but. Those times are long past, though. Now the only thing we can do is stock up supplies for the Order attack.”
“So you’re not from the Order?”
Abigail looked appalled. “I most certainly am not. I’m no terrorist.”
Vincent sighed. It had been a ludicrous hope.
“But enough of all this,” she said, standing up straight. “The attack will be soon. We need to hurry back.”
“Back where?”
“The Hole.”
Vincent frowned. He looked at Abigail, then out the window. An entire city that didn’t wear Lenses – it was a compelling thought. The place called the Hole, however, was less compelling. 
“You don’t have to come with us, of course,” said Abigail. “But you should. If you want any chance of surviving the attack.”
“How do you know there’s going to be an attack?”
“We know.” She seemed to think the answer was sufficient. “How do you feel?”
At first, Vincent made no response. He had no reason to mistrust the woman – more reason, conversely, to thank her – but he remained far from comfortable. Still, after a pause, and keeping his distance, he sat up in the bed and twisted his back as a test. The shooting pain that had consumed him inside the overturned transport was completely absent. “A lot better,” he said, surprised. “What did you do to me?”
“I didn’t do much of anything. It was the injections that did most of it.”
Vincent frowned. Newsight’s medical injections were the saving grace of the Seclusion. Here, however, he hadn’t expected them to be used.
“Now, let me take this out for you,” said Abigail. Before Vincent could ask what she was talking about, she removed the needle from his wrist with a flourish. He winced. “All set. Can you walk?”
Vincent wasn’t sure of the answer. He swung his legs over the edge of the mattress, then stood and took a step forward. His knees wobbled at first from weakness but grew steady after another step. “I’m fine,” he said.
Abigail nodded, patting him again. “Then come with me.” She turned and started, rather slowly so he could keep up, for the door. “Your friend is in the next room.”
At the thought of seeing Jessica, Vincent forced some extra energy into his step. Moments later they were in the hallway, a long, dim stretch of empty floor. On either side of them every few yards, doors lined the walls – walls, Vincent noticed, that were completely straight, blocked at the corners with right angles unlike the usual curves of the Seclusion.
“Right here.”
Abigail came to a door on the other side of the hall and opened it without knocking. Jessica was lying on a bed much like Vincent’s, in a room almost exactly like his. This room’s window, however, had an altogether different view. Dark outlines of distant towers formed a single, castle-like unit on the horizon, obscured only by the vapory clouds that hung around their edges.
A stout man with close-cropped hair knelt over Jessica’s bed, talking to her as he checked the machine at her side. When he saw them, he nodded in their direction. Jessica followed his gaze.
“Vincent? You’re walking!”
“And well, too,” said Abigail. She smiled at Vincent, then turned to her husband. “Jack, I think we’re ready.”
Jack stood from his position next to the machine. “Good. This one has been trying to get out of bed ever since she woke up.”
“I told you, I feel fine,” said Jessica. She held out her arm, the one still attached to the tube, expectant. Vincent smiled. Shaking his head, but grinning slightly, Jack unhooked her. 
Jessica kept her gaze on Vincent. “I think we should go with them,” she said. Vincent was taken aback.
“Well, we should at least talk about it first,” he said.
“What’s there to talk about? It’s a city without Lenses. If anyone knows who we’re looking for—” she glanced down at Vincent’s left wrist – “they’ll be here.”
Vincent opened his mouth to protest, but Abigail cut him off.
“If you’re looking for help that’s not medical, we won’t be able to do much. You’ll need Kendra.”
Jack nodded in agreement. “She’s your best bet, whatever you need.”
“And she’s at this Hole place?” said Jessica. “We can talk to her?”
“She knows us,” said Jack. “She’ll talk to you if we ask her to.”
Jessica got to her feet and looked to Vincent. Vincent held her gaze for a second before turning to their caretakers. He looked at their eyes – actual eyes, not Lenses – and in that moment, in spite of everything, he felt inexplicably safe. He turned back to Jessica. “Okay,” he said. “Let’s go.” 
*  *  *  *  *  *
The four of them pushed through a thick metal door at the bottom of the stairwell. They emerged outside into a stifling stillness, everything silent but the whispering sound of the breeze. They stood next to a pair of four-wheeled vehicles. The first was curved and enclosed all the way around, the second longer and open at the back.
“Abigail, you want to take the young lady in the van?” asked Jack. “Vincent and I can take the truck.”
 “Why can’t we just follow you in our transport?” asked Vincent.
“The transport died on the way here,” said Jessica. “They found us a few blocks over.”
“But like Jack said,” added Abigail, “we can take you. Jessica and I will take the van and you and Jack can follow in the truck.”
Jack nodded in agreement. “We’ll see you in a minute, then.”
With a reassuring look at Vincent, Abigail put her arm around Jessica – who hesitated hardly at all – and ushered her to the van.
“Come on,” said Jack. Turning, Vincent followed him to the other vehicle. He watched as Jack pulled open the driver’s side door with a jerk, then mimicked the motion with the handle of his own door. When it opened, he had to hike his leg up to climb inside.
“I almost ran into your little Newsight bike when I found you,” said Jack. “You’re lucky I saw you in time.”
Vincent nodded absently as he looked around. The inside was far different from Simon’s transport, darker for one, and more complicated. The street they were on, too, was different, not a smooth, dazzling white, but a grainy gray, and not with uniform domes along its edge but with sporadically spaced restaurants and short, vacant storefronts.
Jack pulled a key from his pocket and inserted it into the dash. Vincent jumped when the vehicle roared to life.
“The Hole isn’t far, but it is in the city.”
“You mean toward the towers?” said Vincent.
“The skyscrapers,” said Jack. “Yeah.”
Vincent looked out the windshield. He could still see the tips of the skyline he had seen from Jessica’s room.
His concentration was broken when the vehicle lurched forward. He grabbed onto the side of the door in spite of himself. Simon’s transport had been one thing – that ride had been smooth and quiet – Jack’s machine was quite another.
“Who were you running from?” asked Jack.
“What do you mean?”
“Before your transport died.” Jack was ignoring the road – his eyes were on Vincent. “Your friend was driving like a bat out of hell. You had to have been running from someone.”
“We weren’t running,” said Vincent. He wasn’t sure what made him lie. For some reason, though, it seemed the only option.
“Ah.” Jack turned to the road. He pressed a button to his left and his window slid down into the door. Almost instantly, Vincent’s nose was filled with a pungent, sticky scent.
“Does this not run on a power cell?” he asked.
Jack snorted. “Power cell?” He removed his eyes from the road for several seconds at a time to look at Vincent. “They don’t teach you anything in the Seclusion, do they?”
“Yeah they do,” said Vincent, indignant. “The simulations teach us all sorts of things.”
Jack nodded, the same way he had when Vincent had told him he and Jessica weren’t running from anyone.
“I know about injections,” pressed Vincent. “My mother works in Incubation back in the Seclusion. She was in charge of giving sick newborns their injections.”
Jack breathed out, short and sharp. His mouth hung open. “I think you might be talking about a different kind of injection.”
Vincent frowned, but he didn’t argue. “Well, I know about the cities. I know about the Order attacks.” 
Jack lifted his eyebrows at this. “Really? They told you about the warnings?”
Vincent nodded, trying to hide his confusion. Jack wasn’t fooled.
“Other cities have been attacked,” he said, “but not ours. Not majorly, at least. Our first large-scale contact with the Order was just a few days ago. In the outskirts, they dropped enough bombs to wipe a whole continent off the planet. The city itself wasn’t hit with a single one. We just got the pamphlets.”
“Pamphlets?”
Jack nodded. “The warning pamphlets.”
“And what did they say?”
Jack shrugged, as if it were obvious. “The same thing as always: Leave. All the non-compliant cities have gotten them.”
“When you say non-compliant, do you mean the cities without Lenses?”
“That’s right.” Jack kept his gaze fixed forward as they drove. “Washing was one of the few. No one here wanted anything to do with Lenses. Thought they were too much, too intrusive. But no one has a choice after the Order drops their pamphlets. They have to go to a standard for safety.”
Vincent tilted his head.
“A standard city,” said Jack in explanation. “A city that requires Lenses and surveils its citizens for terrorism.”
 “But why is that where people have to go?” He thought of Simon’s ominous words the night before, of seeking help beyond the borders. “They could leave the country or—”
“Leave the country?” Jack gave a hollow laugh. “As if there were anywhere to leave for. And even if there were, no one would make it there. The Order would see to that.”
“And what about people who stay after the warnings? People like you?”
“People like us will be free. That doesn’t mean any of us will survive, but that guarantee exists only in the standards.”
“Well if the standards are always spying through your Lenses, that guarantee isn’t worth it.”
“It is to people with families. To survivors who watched their friends die in the attacks. For them the safety of constant surveillance outweighs the freedom they lose from it. Throw in the sims, and people are more than willing to make the trade.”
“The sims? You mean in the schools?”
Jack frowned for a second, then, seeming to realize something, he shook his head. “You’re thinking of the Seclusions. In the cities the sims are different. There’s no learning, just recreation. Just fantasies.”
He turned back to the road, eyes fogging over once again. Vincent waited for him to continue, but the only sounds that followed were the sputters and kicks of the engine. Sighing, and feeling more lost than before, Vincent turned to the window. He leaned against it so his forehead vibrated against the glass, and he watched the road.
Several minutes later, the towers that had once been small silhouettes against the sky now blocked the horizon completely. As the vehicle – the truck, Jack called it – drew closer, Vincent felt like a mouse approaching the edge of some great jungle. The towers were in denser proximity than he had thought, clustered in blocked-off groves and flanked on all sides by gray-stone paths. Only a little way down the first of these paths, Abigail rolled the van to a stop in front of them. Jack followed suit close behind.
“Are we here?” asked Vincent.
“Close as we can get in the vehicles.” Jack opened his door and jumped out. “We’ll walk the rest of the way. The Hole is only a few blocks up.”
Vincent climbed from the truck. The pungent smell that had hit him when Jack first rolled down his window struck him again, stronger this time. In front of them, Abigail and Jessica climbed from the van. Jack took the lead without a sound. There was an eerie silence on the street that didn’t seem to want to be broken. It extended indefinitely ahead, no transports, no gray-suited men, no movement. The only noise was the echo of their own footsteps.
They continued like that until they had crossed two roads running perpendicular to theirs. Jack brought them to a stop in front of a wide, open-air structure with stone ramps lining the inside.
“This is it,” he said, looking at the unimpressive five-story parking garage in front of them. “Let me do the talking.” 
Vincent nodded, and Jessica followed suit. Satisfied, Jack turned around. He took the lead once again, this time heading for a vehicle-shaped opening in the building’s side. The hair on Vincent’s arms began to rise. He suddenly felt cold – something about the building’s unlit interior and damp stone walls made him uneasy.
“You live here?” he asked, his voice low, as they approached.
“It’s where all the stayers live,” said Jack. “We’ve been working on it for years.”
Vincent said nothing back. They had entered the opening, and the dark, soil-scented air of the place seemed to hold the words in his throat. The echo of their footsteps was even louder now, but it was distorted, too, altered by the vehicles scattered up and down the ramps at odd angles, parked and deserted.
“We’re headed down,” said Jack, pointing to a stairwell to their left. “The Hole is on the two basement levels.”
Jack had lowered his voice. The usual gruff tone there had been replaced by something more cautious.
Vincent kept his head on a swivel as they started for the stairs. It was all too easy to imagine a swarm of ashen-suited men rushing from the shadows. Jack seemed equally alert, though Vincent wasn’t sure what the man was watching for.
They pushed through a solid metal door into the stairwell, then paused for a moment to let their eyes adjust to the darkness. As they started down the first flight, they stayed as close to Jack as possible without kicking his heels.
“Stand next to us,” said Abigail, when they had reached the bottom platform. “So they can see you.”
Vincent and Jessica stepped forward between their escorts, staring at a door exactly like the one they had pushed through above.
Jack knocked on the door three times, with a slight gap between the second and third knocks. After a pause, the darkness gave way to a blinding light. Vincent brought his hands up on instinct, shielding his eyes. He thought the light was coming from above, but he wasn’t sure.
A woman’s voice, stern and unyielding, called out to them. “The newcomers?”
“Our niece and nephew.”
There was silence while the lights continued to shine. Vincent managed to open his eyes long enough to see the door. A slit had opened to expose a narrow, squinting set of eyes.
The lights above them dimmed, and the door swung inward, filling the stairwell with a mechanical racket. 
“In,” said Jack – he had to raise his voice to be heard over the sound – and led them inside. The space they stepped into was, in layout, exactly the same as the story above them, but in all other ways completely different. It was much better lit, illuminated in every corner by white, fluorescent bulbs strung to the reinforced ceiling. Cubed structures with rusted metal walls and tattered sheet doors lined the main ramp, and tables displaying shoes or food or some other necessity formed a miniature market to the left. It wasn’t until Vincent turned to the right that he realized what was making the racket. A pointed, rotating machine was burrowing into the rock of the far wall. It filled the room with the grinding of metal on stone, and provided every other sound – those that could be heard, at least – with a constant backdrop. 
“I’ve paged Kendra!” The woman who had spoken to them through the stairwell door stood right in front of them, but she had to shout to be heard. “She will have to approve the children!” She waved at an idle group of dust-covered men next to the machine burrowing through the wall, and they started over. “Stay here!” She yelled once again. A plume of dust rose off her tattered brown shirt as she walked away.
Vincent turned to Jack, but the man wasn’t looking at him. His eyes were locked on the half-dozen rough-looking men walking in their direction.
“Jack?” shouted the man at the front of the group. He shook Jack’s hand. “Who are your friends?”
Vincent felt the man’s eyes roam over the scratches on his face, then the splatters of blood on his clothes.
“This is my nephew, Vincent,” said Jack, curling his hand protectively around the back of Vincent’s neck. “And this is my niece, Jessica.” Then, when he saw the man’s gaze lingering on their bloodied clothes, added, “They were in a car crash.”
The man snorted. “Lot of traffic out there.” He brushed his dust-covered hands off on his equally dust-covered pants, and stepped forward, right hand extended. “Name’s Bill. Nice to meet you, Vincent.”
Vincent hesitated for a moment, then took the man’s outstretched hand. But they didn’t shake. Bill had frozen. A look of horror had begun to spread across his face. His mouth pried open in disbelief; his free hand shot down to his belt.
Vincent watched, hardly realizing what was happening before finding his eyes drawn in close, not on his Lenses, but on the barrel of Bill’s gun.
Chapter 9 – The Runaway
Jack raised his hands in front of his chest and spoke with a shaking voice. “Put the gun down, Bill.”
“He’s wearing Lenses,” said Bill. “The girl too.”
At these last words, two other men from the circle drew weapons from their jackets. They pointed them at Jessica.
“You led them right to us,” said Bill. He slid his finger further down the trigger. “They’ll see everything.”
“They’re disabled,” said Abigail, trying to calm the man down. “I double-checked.”
“You can’t turn them off, Abby,” said Bill. His eyes were still on Vincent. “You know that.”
“They were already off!” said Jack. The words were rushing out now. “They’re from the Seclusion to the east. They must know how to turn them off there.”
“I thought you said they were family.”
“I didn’t want to cause any trouble.”
Bill laughed, a desperate, unrestrained sound. “Too late for that. But maybe not too late to stop all this from getting back to them.”
Bill breathed in deep as he took a step back, still with the gun pointed at Vincent’s head. He curled his finger a hair tighter toward the crescent.
“Bill he’s just a boy,” pleaded Jack. “The Lenses are off. Please. Please …”
The rest of his words were drowned out by the deafening grind of the machine. Vincent could only watch, staring at the small hole at the end of the gun, at Bill’s fingertip as it grew closer and closer to his palm, pulling the trigger along with it …
“Stop!”
A short, round-faced woman was scuttling down the main ramp as quickly as her legs would allow.
“Put that thing down, Bill,” she said. “And turn off that damn drill.”
Almost instantly, the grinding came to a halt. The sound continued to echo in Vincent’s skull for a few seconds before it faded completely.
“They’re wearing Lenses, Kendra,” said Bill.
Kendra turned to Jack. “Is that true?”
“Abigail says they’re disabled.”
“Then disabled they are.” Kendra continued down the ramp with no further interrogation. She shot a sharp look at Bill, whose gun was still pointed at Vincent. “What did I say?”
Bill turned to her, then back to Vincent and Jessica. Scowling at them, he lowered his aim.
“Abigail knows better than most.” Kendra came to a stop and took a second to catch her breath. She gave Vincent a scrutinizing glare before starting back the way she’d come. “Jack, bring them up.”
Jack and Abigail herded them along after her, with the occasional nervous glance back at Bill. As they walked, men and women emerged from their metal shack structures to watch. They wore the same dust-covered attire as the men by the drill, and their eyes showed similar traces of suspicion.
“Don’t mind them,” whispered Kendra. “They won’t try anything with me here.”
Vincent looked away, but he continued to feel the heat of a dozen stares on his back. He couldn’t breathe normally again until they reached the top of the ramp.
“You should have known better than to bring kids with Lenses here, Jack.”
They had stopped in a little nook just out of sight of the ramp. There was a double set of what looked like home-made doors to their left.
“I didn’t think the lights would be on during the day,” said Jack. “No one would have noticed without them.” He glanced around the corner back down the ramp. “I’m sorry for the trouble.”
Kendra glowered at him for a moment, but she softened almost immediately and turned to Vincent and Jessica. “And what of these two? Your niece and nephew, you said?”
Vincent could tell by the woman’s tone she could smell the lie. 
“We needed to make sure they got past the door,” said Abigail. She paused, glancing behind them. “They’re from a Seclusion, Kendra.”
Kendra lifted her brow. “The same one as before?”
Abigail hesitated, casting Vincent and Jessica a worried glance, then nodded.
“Well, have you told them about him?” Kendra spoke with a gentle, prodding quality to her voice. “I could if you’d rather not.”
Abigail held her gaze for a beat, her face unreadable, then turned with glassy eyes to Vincent and Jessica.
“It’s okay, Abby,” said Jack. “We don’t have to stay.”
Abigail stared at them for a second longer, then, with a breath, looked up at Kendra. “Okay,” she said.
Kendra placed an arm on her shoulder. “I’ll send them down when I’m done.”
Abigail cast Vincent and Jessica one last glance, then turned and started for the ramp. Nodding to them, Jack followed close behind.
“Come on,” said Kendra, watching them go. “This way.” She started for the doors. With a confused look at one another, Vincent and Jessica did the same.
“Sorry for that,” she said, when the doors had closed behind them. “And sorry for the mess.”
Holding back the parade of questions in his mind, Vincent looked around. The floor was the same gray stone as everywhere else, only here it was littered with supplies, some Vincent recognized, some he didn’t. A pile of books was strewn across what, somewhere underneath, must be the dining room table. Small, framed pictures dominated the rest of the space, hung with no real order from the sheet metal walls or scattered amidst the supplies on the floor.
“It’s been hectic the last few days,” said Kendra. “With the drilling.”
“I like it,” said Jessica.
“Thank you, dear.” Kendra motioned to the book-buried table. “Why don’t you two have a seat?”
Careful not to disturb the precarious-looking mound, they lowered themselves into two hard-backed chairs at the table’s edge. Kendra took a seat next to them.
“You ran away from the Seclusion.” She didn’t pose it as a question, as Jack had. “Why?”
“It wasn’t a choice,” said Jessica. “They took our parents. We had to leave.”
“Leave and go where?”
“For help. For the nearest city.”
“Or country,” added Vincent.
Jessica shot him a questioning glance, but Kendra stayed expressionless, strumming her fingers on the table. She shrugged. “Well you’re doing better than he did, anyway. He didn’t even know what he was looking for.”
“Who’s he?” asked Jessica. “Who do you keep talking about?” 
“The only other Seclusion runaway we’ve gotten. His name was John. Is John, I hope.” 
Vincent and Jessica exchanged a look. They had heard that name before, in Brian’s dome: the older brother who was never in school, who Brian knew nothing about.
“He knew he was looking for the Order,” continued Kendra. “The original Order, I mean – the protestors. But he had no clue how to find them. He might still have been here looking had they not come for him.”
“The Order came?” asked Vincent. “They found him?”
Kendra shook her head. “Not they. Just one man. He was very tall, just skin and bones, and his eyes … it looked like they had been gouged out and burnt on the insides.” She shivered, as if to shake the memory from her mind. “He was from the Order, said he was the Order. If you’re in such circles you’ll already know his name.”
Vincent thought back to their conversation with Brian, to the man without eyes said to be the Order’s leader. “George Goodwin.”
Kendra gave a solemn nod. “Abigail was distraught when he took John away. She can hardly stand to talk about the Order now.”
“Do you know anything about them?” asked Vincent. “Do you know if they can rescue our parents?”
“I couldn’t tell you for sure,” said Kendra, “but if anyone can help, they can.”
“When did John leave with them?”
“Around five years ago.”
“And what happened to him after that?”
“I don’t know. If he hadn’t sent us a package last night, I would’ve have had no clue where he was.”
Jessica scooted forward in her seat. “Last night was the first time you’ve heard from him?”
“First time since he left. He’s in a city again, a standard called Hux in some place named Halo North. He must have struggled to send anything at all past Newsight’s security, but for the life of me I can’t see why he bothered. The package is supposed to go with Lenses, and you saw how kindly our people take to those.”
Vincent and Jessica looked at one another again. “What did he send?” asked Vincent.
Kendra shook her head, pursing her lips as she thought. “You’re probably too young to remember, but when Lenses first came out, simulations came on tiny bits of film called sim prints.”
“We’ve heard of them,” said Jessica. The plastic Lens case adhered to Vincent’s hand seemed to grow a bit stickier.
“Then you’ll know they’re meaningless without Lenses. We’ve had no way to test them.” She squinted at Vincent, then at Jessica, sizing them up one last time. “Do you think you could take a look?”
“Definitely,” they said at once.
Kendra nodded, grinning. “Then wait here.” She stood from the table and pushed through a curtain into the next room. Several seconds later, she returned with a round white container the size of her palm. “They come in these,” she said. “Look.”
Taking the container, Vincent unsealed it and looked inside. There were two finger-sized discs, one labeled with a letter “M”, the other with an “F”, and both with the number “17”.
Kendra produced a crumpled sheet of paper. “It came with a message, too: ‘For anyone with Lenses who wishes to enter the city.’”
“That’s it?” asked Vincent.
“See for yourself.”
Vincent took the note. The paper was brittle, and the writing on it barely legible. There were smudges on the edges, and the end of each word slurred into the beginning of the next, rushed.
“Look,” said Jessica.
She had opened one of the discs and emptied the contents into her palm: two miniscule, hair-width slips of film in the shape of Lenses. They glinted with spider-like fibers in intricate patterns, but seen in anything but the exact right angle, they were as clear as glass.
“ID prints,” said Vincent, in awe. He turned to Kendra to explain. “They come on every pair of Lenses. It’s where Newsight stores personal information. They started out with iris and facial recognition, but it wasn’t accurate enough. They’ve been using prints for the past three or four models.”
Kendra’s expression dawned with understanding. “You must need to wear them over your Lenses to make it through the city checkpoint. They’re fake IDs.”
“But they’re not fake,” said Jessica, frowning. “My dad used to talk about ID prints. He says they’re impossible to replicate. These must have come off of real Lenses.” She found a small label on the inside of the disc. “This one says ‘Lena Carlson’. Even if you fooled the checkpoint, you wouldn’t fool anyone who knew the real Lena.”
Kendra peered at the things for a moment, brow scrunched, then shook her head. “John would have thought of that. He would have chosen people without family, people who can fly under the radar. They must have some sort of cover story.”
Jessica looked unconvinced but said nothing. Vincent inspected the thin slips of film in her hand, then the unopened disc in his own. He pried open the top – “Ben Carlson” was printed on the inside. “When did you say these got here?” he asked.
“Last night,” said Kendra.
Vincent’s mind started to race. John seemed to have known they would be coming, and the only way he could have known was through Lynn. It was an electrifying feeling – they weren’t as alone as they thought.
“Is there any way we can get to the city?” asked Vincent.
Kendra raised a brow, taken aback. “Just because you can get in doesn’t mean you should. Have you not heard what I’ve been saying?”
“I have, but if the city is where the Order is, that’s where we need to be.” He looked at Jessica, and she nodded in agreement.
“You’re as stubborn as he was,” said Kendra. A hint of a smile played across her lips, but it faded quickly. “Jack is driving a bus to Hux tonight before the attack, for the people with cold feet about staying. If you’re sure you want to go, there are still open seats.”
“We’ll go,” said Jessica without hesitation. She looked down at the ID prints in her hand. “Would you mind if we use these?”
“Take them. The label with John’s address, as well. If you plan to look for the Order, and I’m not saying you should, you’ll need John. I’m sure he has a way of talking to you without being surveilled.” She smiled, a bit unconvincingly, then stood. “Jack and Abigail will be waiting for you. You’d best not mention this to them, though, especially not to Abby. She doesn’t like talking about it.”
Vincent and Jessica gathered their new identities and stood from their seats. “Thank you,” said Vincent. “We won’t tell them anything.”
Kendra nodded and her expression became suddenly absent, as if they had already left. Taking their cue, they started for the door.
“Children?”
They turned around.
“If the Order is real,” said Kendra, expression still blank, “and John is a part of it, can you give him a message for me?”
“Of course,” said Vincent. “What is it?”
Kendra took a breath, hesitating, as if deciding whether or not to speak. After a pause, she seemed unable to hold the words back any longer. “Tell him to come back for us.”
Chapter 10 – Hux
Vincent’s eyelids fluttered open. He reached his arms up to stretch and knocked his fist against a window. Next to him, Jessica awoke from the noise. She raised her head from the glass and rubbed her eyes, blocking the morning light.
They were on the bus. They had spent the previous evening adhering the ID prints to their Lenses, and Jessica memorizing the nine or so digits that made up John’s address. The rest of their plan, they had no choice but to leave to John.
Vincent looked outside to their right. The ground was exactly as it had been when he’d fallen asleep: barren for as far as he could see, no life, no color.
Jessica stifled a yawn and nodded toward the front of the bus. “I think we’re close.”
Vincent leaned over and looked down the aisle. The view out the front window was far from barren – they were approaching the city. A perfect circle several miles wide, Hux stood as a vast expanse of skyscrapers, all huddled together in a dense, patternless cluster. But unlike those around the Hole, these towers had polished windows that sparkled in the sunlight and designs Vincent had never imagined. There appeared to be things flying between them, as well, tiny white dots soaring from one rooftop to the next, like urban houseflies. Below, the city was surrounded by six enormous white rings.
“The halos,” said Jessica.
“Did Washing have them, too?” asked Vincent. “When you drove us in?” 
“No. The other city had no reason to keep people out.”
“Or in,” Vincent added. Jessica said nothing back, staring instead at the structures ahead. The bottommost halo was perfectly flat and low to the ground, but the others were tilted at slight angles, their edges rising halfway up the skyscrapers they encircled. They reminded Vincent of rings that had been dropped horizontally on a table and caught mid-wobble before they could stop.
 “Ladies and gentlemen.” It was Jack’s voice, amplified through the bus’s speaker system. “We are approaching Hux.”
*  *  *  *  *  *
When the bus came to a stop, the flying dots Vincent had seen from afar were in much clearer focus. They were shaped suspiciously like the pods of transports. The halos, too, looked quite different. They were as wide across as the towers they protected, and their edges were dangerously sharp. On their outermost side, facing away from the city, was written a short phrase in thin, capital letters: THERE IS NO FEAR WITHOUT HOPE.
“This is as close as I can get you,” Jack called back to the passengers. “When you’re ready, you’re free to get in line outside of the halos.”
Vincent and Jessica stood with the rest of the riders and pushed their way into the aisle.
Jack hurried people from the bus with hasty well-wishes. “Good luck. Yes, ma’am, good luck.” When they reached him, his tone became grave. “And to you two the very best of luck.”
They nodded to him, and as they climbed the few steps toward the outdoors, his tone returned to normal. “Good luck to you, sir. Good luck …”
Jessica stopped in her tracks once they were outside. 
“I guess this is the line?”
Vincent followed her gaze. From the row of kiosks below the giant halos ahead, a line of a few dozen people extended outward. 
Jessica led the way to the back.
“… no, no we left yesterday morning but the traffic was terrible.”
Vincent spotted the owner of the voice instantly as they approached: a tall, round man wearing clothes similar to the ones worn by people in the Hole.
“We ended up just pulling to the side of the road and waiting,” the man continued. “The kids are still asleep. It’s been a long day for them.”
Vincent and Jessica settled in behind the man. It wasn’t clear who exactly he was talking to. The family in front of him wasn’t paying him any mind.
“Hello there,” the man said, turning around. “Name’s Jim.”
Vincent looked up. “I’m Ben.” It took him a moment to form his lips around his new name. “Nice to meet you.”
The man grabbed onto Vincent’s hand and shook it without invitation.
“Nice to meet you as well, Ben,” he said. “And the pretty young lady?”
“Lena.” Jessica smiled curtly and turned to Vincent. It was a clear signal the conversation was over, but Jim didn’t appear to notice.
“Where are you two lovebirds coming from?” he asked.
Vincent’s cheeks went red. Jessica sighed and turned back around. “Washing,” she said. “And we’re twins, not—”
“Washing!” said Jim. “That’s not far at all. We’re from way south. My wife and I had to alternate driving through the night.” He turned to his right and craned his neck over the line. Vincent followed his gaze. Some ways off, the road to the south was packed with hundreds of vehicles bumper to bumper. “She’s with my daughter at the moment. They’re both exhausted.”
Jessica was still looking at the never-ending line of vehicles. “What are you going to do with your transport?”
“My what?”
“Your car,” she corrected. “Is there not a separate entrance?”
Jim shook his head. “You can only enter with what you can carry.” He leaned in close and whispered at a volume Vincent felt sure the front of the line could hear. “I tried to convince the wife to let me carry the car,” he said, grinning, “but she wouldn’t have it.”
Vincent tried his best at a fake laugh. Jim seemed satisfied with it.
“So what are you supposed to do once you get inside?” asked Jessica as they moved forward. “Just start over?”
“Pretty much,” said Jim. “But they help you. It’s part of Newsight’s defense initiative. After you get your Lenses, you get a little start-up package: a place to live, clothes, a job. Even a shiny new car.”
Vincent perked up at this. “All from Newsight?”
Jim nodded, beaming. “Exciting, isn’t it? This is the first time we could afford the move. They gouge you for the shuttles, so we saved up for a car instead. Took us a few months, but we’re finally here.” He shot a prideful glance at the halos ahead, eyes seeming to widen with each forward movement of the line.
“So …” Jessica started, but she seemed to be having trouble processing something. “You actually wanted to come here?”
“Of course we did!” said Jim, confused. “Aren’t you two excited?”
“We are,” rushed Vincent. “Just nervous, that’s all.”
Jim nodded, knowingly. “My wife’s the same way. But she’ll come around. And so will you. We’re lucky to be here.”
“Very lucky,” said Jessica. Her tone was more cautious now, her voice softening as they moved closer to the kiosks. “If you don’t mind my asking, why were you so intent on moving?”
“Same reason as everyone else,” said Jim, “for the protection. There were attacks a few times a week back home. Here, I’ve heard they only get one or two a month.”
Jessica tried her best to look impressed. “And that’s because of Newsight?”
“Yes, ma’am,” said Jim. “Fatrem deserves a medal for what he’s doing. Tina doesn’t think so, of course, no matter how many lives he’s saved. She’s not a fan of Lenses. Says she doesn’t trust them. But you can’t argue with the results, can you? Two attacks a month!” He gave an impressed whistle, then pointed up at the giant halos, only a dozen yards off now. “They do get past the halos every now and then. There was a cyberattack just yesterday, I heard – some message from the Order. But even Newsight isn’t perfect.”
“Those things are Newsight’s?” said Vincent.
“Of course they are. It’s the air defense system. Every standard city has them to keep the Order out.”
“And the people in.”
“I guess so, but it’s the best thing for us in the end. And it’s only temporary. When the Order is finally stopped, things will go back to normal.” Jim looked around them, as if he were about to tell some dark secret, then lowered his voice. “When that does happen, I for one hope they let us keep our Lenses.” He glanced around them yet again. A gap widened between them and the family ahead. “Have you heard of the simulations?”
Vincent said they hadn’t. He had a feeling Jim would be disappointed if they had.
“They’re called Newsim,” explained Jim. “They’re like customized dreams, virtual reality that doesn’t look virtual. They’re crazy expensive but you don’t even have to—”
“Daddy!”
Jim spun around just in time to brace himself against the small girl hurtling toward him. She wrapped herself around his legs in a bear hug. He patted her on the back.
“Hi, sweetheart,” he said. “Where’s Mommy?” He looked up – a wiry woman with a heart-shaped face was a few paces off, approaching from the same direction as the girl. He grinned at her. “Did you see me getting close?”
The woman glanced at the family ahead of them, at the kiosks just beyond. She looked tired. “Unfortunately,” she said.
Jim sighed, but he didn’t seem disheartened. Vincent doubted the emotion even existed for the man.
“Tina, this is Ben and Lena. They’re from Washing.”
Tina smiled politely at them, but she seemed as pleased as Jim did timid. She turned to face the kiosks – they were next in line. 
“And now,” said Jim, lifting his daughter with an exaggerated grunt, “we’re all from the same place!” He hoisted the girl the rest of the way up onto his shoulders. She grabbed onto his ears with a gleeful giggle. Jim pulled his wife closer as well, kissing her on the cheek. “Don’t worry, love. If nothing else, at least we’re safe.”
Vincent looked away, needled, for some reason, by a nagging guilt.
“Next!”
Jim turned around to face the speaker, a tall, stone-faced man in the white uniform of the Guard. He was standing inside the kiosk just in front of them.
“Come on,” said Jim, turning to his family. “It’s our turn.” He shook Vincent’s hand. “We’ll see you on the other side!”
Vincent watched as they started forward. Jim was already whispering excitedly to his wife.
“Next please.”
Another man in white called out to them from several kiosks away. Vincent started forward with Jessica close behind.
“Good morning,” said Vincent at the kiosk.
“Good morning. Where are you coming from?”
“Washing.”
“First time in …” The man trailed off. He was peering at Vincent’s eyes. “You’re in the wrong line. This line is for people without Lenses. You’ll want to head over there.” He pointed to a separate, empty kiosk to their left.
“Oh, sorry,” said Vincent. The man nodded, already scanning the line behind them.
“Next!”
 Exchanging a nervous glance, Vincent and Jessica started over to the separate, unpopulated line.
“Good morning,” said Vincent, when they reached the new kiosk.
The man behind the counter, reclining in his seat, looked up at them with an uninterested expression. “Lenses?”
In answer, Vincent leaned forward and opened his eyes wide. The man sat up in his seat for a closer look.
“Very good,” he said, standing. “Come through here.” He pressed a button under his desk and a seam next to the kiosk grew into a door. He motioned them inside and led them through the small, plain white space toward a second door. “The Guard will take care of you.” He pressed a button on the door’s side, then motioned them forward, this time giving them a little shove so they couldn’t hesitate. When they were through, the door slid shut behind them.
The ceiling of the second room was several stories high, and the walls curved straight up, coming to a point at the top like an arrowhead. More men in white patrolled the halls, some carrying small white clubs, others corralling families still stepping through the other kiosks. 
“You have Lenses?” A bored-looking man in white stood from his seat when he saw them.
“Yes, sir,” said Vincent.
The man picked up an arm-sized device from his chair. Its handle was straight like the white clubs, but its end flayed out into a spoon-shaped curve.
“I need to get your IDs. Step forward.”
Vincent obeyed, his heart beating a little faster. The ID prints were about to be put to the test. And judging by the small squadron of Guard members straight ahead, it was a test they needed to pass.
“Open your eyes wide.”
Vincent did as he was told. He found himself wishing he could silence the pounding in his chest – the man could surely hear it.
“Just a moment here.”
The man held the curved end of the device to Vincent’s right eye. It glowed white, shining directly into Vincent’s unprotected pupil. He forced himself not to lower his gaze.
After a few seconds, the guard pulled the device away. He looked at a screen on it Vincent couldn’t see. “Ben Carlson. From Hux.” He scrolled down the screen as he spoke. “Your record shows you left the city several months ago with temporary travel access. It also shows that your Lenses are dark.” He looked up at Vincent, suspicious. “Why is that?”
Vincent glanced at the guard’s device, then at the squadron of other Guards behind him, hands starting to sweat. “Uh … well we … they were on until—”
“We don’t know,” said Jessica, casting Vincent a look. “It’s … why we came back. We wanted to get them turned on.”
The guard surveyed them with narrowed eyes. One of his companions stepped forward. “Is there a problem here?”
The guard glanced at the man before turning back to his device. Vincent expected a stream of security to come pouring in on them any second.
“Your record is spotless,” said the guard. He looked puzzled. “And you’re listed as priority.”
Vincent said nothing. He held his breath.
“Do you want us to take them?” asked the other man.
The guard said nothing for a beat, then shook his head. “That won’t be necessary.” Vincent felt a giant weight slide off his shoulders. “But report this to Newsight.”
The man straightened, then saluted and stalked off. 
“Wait here,” the guard said to Vincent. “Miss.” He motioned to Jessica, and Jessica stepped forward. Vincent held his breath once again as Jessica peered into the device. The end of it glowed white. Jessica’s shoulders rose and fell a bit quicker than usual.
“Lena Carlson.” The guard looked up from the screen. “You’re twins?” Jessica nodded. The guard looked from her to Vincent, his expression still stony. “Both of your Lenses will have to be reactivated. Your Newsight liaison will see that you comply.”
“Yes, sir,” they said in unison.
The man grunted in response. He held up the stick-shaped device and pressed a series of buttons on its side. He waved it across Jessica’s body in a few passes, then started on Vincent. Vincent felt the thumping in his chest grow louder once again. He had to resist the urge to look down at his left wrist where THE SIM was still attached.
“You’re good,” said the guard.
The thumping began to soften.
“Through that door,” he continued, pointing straight ahead. “Your liaison will be waiting for you.”
Vincent nodded obediently, then started forward with Jessica at his side. They were almost to the door when a familiar voice sounded behind them.
“Now wait a second.”
Vincent’s stomach turned to ice. He turned around, expecting the guard and his companions to be rushing forward, but they remained seated – and silent. The voice had come from Jim. He and his family were being scanned by a different set of Guards down the hall. Apparently, the process was not only for entrants with Lenses. “Is something wrong?” said Jim. 
The guard servicing Jim’s family held the same, white-glowing device Vincent and Jessica had been forced to stare into. Jim and his daughter had been cleared through the scan and stood next to a squadron of Guards. His wife had been shuffled off to the side.
“Just precautionary,” said the guard. “Our scan may have detected a virus.”
“She’s not sick!” said Jim. “She’s been fine all morning!”
“I’m sorry, sir,” said the guard, trying to quiet Jim down. “It’s just protocol. I’m going to have to ask you to follow me.” The guard motioned to one of his colleagues to come take his place, and he ushered Jim and his daughter the opposite direction down the hall.
“Are you ready?”
Vincent turned around. Jessica was looking at him, expectant – they were standing in front of the tall, narrow door the guard had been talking about. Vincent took a deep breath. Jim slipped from his mind.
“Ready if you are,” he said. With a nod, Jessica pressed the button on the door’s side, and they started forward together into the city.
Chapter 11 – The Halo
Vincent had never seen so many people before in his life. Crowds of them jostled against one another as they walked, oblivious to everything around them but some unseen destination straight ahead. Some wore dark pants with matching dark coats that folded in the middle, but most wore the same white, high-collared jumpsuits Vincent was accustomed to. Others, mostly the crowd who were emerging from the kiosks, wore tattered, old-looking shirts like those worn in the Hole. These people – the new entrants – were escorted by men of the Guard, and carried with them an endless number of small white bags. Vincent thought of the start-up packages Jim had talked about. Entrants with Lenses, apparently, received no such gifts.
The buildings seemed even larger up close, and there was more space between them than Vincent had initially thought. At ground level, at least. The streets were wide enough to fit several transports going both directions at once (and there were several racing up and down the street, some with their drivers fast asleep), but above, the buildings seemed to morph into a single unit. Every few stories, hollow glass arches connected the sides of neighboring towers, like the clinging remnants of a giant spiderweb. And through this web, the flying transports Vincent had seen from outside zoomed with startling speed.
“The Carlsons?”
Vincent followed the voice to a burly looking man a few yards off. He was starting in their direction.
“I’m your Newsight liaison,” the man said. “I’m told you need your Lenses reactivated.”
“Yes,” said Vincent.
“Then I’m your man.” He motioned for them to come closer, his hulking frame clearing a path through the crowd. “The transport is already here.”
Vincent looked around for the transport but saw nothing. Jessica tapped his arm. He turned to her, then followed her finger upward. One of the flying vehicles had swooped down, with its glowing underside just a yard above them, and lowering.
“After you, miss.” The man took Jessica by the hand as the transport lowered the rest of the way to the ground. He practically lifted her inside when the door slid down into a ramp. “And for the gentleman.”
Vincent felt his feet lift from the ground, and in a flash, he was in the pod as well. The burly man climbed in after him.
“All set.” The man pushed the button that closed the door and leaned back. He took up one and a half of the pod’s four white bucket seats. Vincent and Jessica were in the remaining two. There were no controls.
“My name is Derek,” said the man. He shook both of their hands. “Pleasure to meet you both. What happened with your Lenses?”
“Just a malfunction,” said Jessica. “We don’t really know.”
Derek frowned slightly but didn’t press. “That’s quite rare, but it happens. Activation will fix you up.”
“Is it a long procedure?”
“Not at all. The Newsight operators will take care of you in a few minutes. It’ll take more time to actually get there. We still have to cross the city.”
Vincent looked out the window, surprised to see almost a hundred yards between them and the ground.
“Is the Newsight facility in the Center?” asked Jessica.
“Heavens no. Besides a little HQ in the management sector, the only real estate they have here is the halos. We’re going to the highest one on the far side of the city: Halo North.”
Vincent’s mouth fell open of its own accord. Jessica’s eyes practically doubled in diameter. Derek seemed to notice. “Oh don’t worry,” he said, chuckling, “people give it a bad rap. They think just because it’s the security halo that it’s some sort of prison, but it’s nothing special.”
Vincent and Jessica exchanged a glance. Vincent felt a nauseous, floating feeling in his stomach that had nothing to do with their altitude. It was as if John were reeling them in on an invisible line, guiding them to his own address.
“Besides,” continued Derek, “it’s the perfect excuse to fly above Newsight regulation.” He lowered his voice, tone dramatic. “Liaisons have special transport access from Newsight. Hardly anyone has seen Hux from as high as I have.” 
Vincent stared through the glass. They were level with the shorter of the skyscrapers now, and still rising. Below them, the buildings were a bit shorter than the others, and less decorative, sides made of an old, soot-darkened stone. From above they looked no more exciting than a collection of boxes arranged with perfect order on the cement.
“This is the working sector, of course,” said Derek, “the industrial part.” He had shifted so his behind squeezed solely into the seat by the window, his nose pressed up close to the glass. “Which part do your parents work in?”
“Which part?” repeated Vincent. He glanced at Jessica. Her posture had stiffened but she didn’t turn around. “Uh, this one, actually,” he said. “Industrial.”
“Really?” Derek raised a brow. “Industrial families almost never get travel access.” He kept his eyes on Vincent, apparently waiting for an explanation. Vincent felt his face go red. He opened his mouth to stutter out a reply—
“Are those Newsight factories?” asked Jessica.
Derek followed her gaze to the window, and Vincent let out a breath.
“No, ma’am. Like I said, the only Newsight building in Hux is their HQ. Now, look—” he pointed just ahead “–you can see the commercial part.”
Below them, the buildings had begun to grow, taking on the look of the towers Vincent had seen from outside. Their windows were more polished than those of the plain boxes of the industrial part, and their sides were connected by dozens of the glass arches.
“It’s not just right below us,” said Derek, seeing Vincent’s downward gaze. “It’s all along this half of the city, the working sector is.”
Vincent turned to the right as they flew. Sure enough, the polished towers filled the entire line of sight allowed by the window. The difference between them and the short square buildings behind them was sizable.
“And now the management part,” said Derek.
The towers grew taller the farther they flew, and the designs became more extravagant. Some were split down the middle and joined at the top like a giant, stretched-out “n”; others were twisted together so they resembled a double helix; others still took on the shape of a skinny, four-sided pyramid.
Jessica climbed out of her seat to get a better look. 
“You’ll recognize the Newsight headquarters,” said Derek, smiling, “there by the capital building.”
Vincent scooted closer to the window, and instantly saw the buildings Derek was talking about. The first was actually two separate structures, extremely close to each other all the way up but not joining together until the last dozen stories. The second was a single, wider tower, the top of which was curved inward like an enormous glass bowl. Vincent knew without asking that this was the Newsight building.
“Both of them are right next to the recreation ring. To the high-end part, at least, where you can stay in the sims the whole weekend. They’re the only folks who can afford it.”
The buildings they passed began to lose their flashy designs. They were perfectly cylindrical now, polished to a sleek shine and supported, where there wasn’t glass, by beams of solid white.
“Afford it?” said Vincent. “You mean people have to pay for simulations?”
“Well, I don’t because I’m a Newsight liaison,” said Derek. “And you don’t because you’re students, but everyone else has to empty their pockets for them. For the knock-offs they pay to customize the experience. For Newsims they just pay for access. The customization is automatic. Even if you don’t know what experience you want, Newsim creates it for you.”
Vincent looked again at the perfectly symmetric buildings, the ones closest to the management part. There were miniature versions of the towers as well, slightly shorter and not as well kept, spaced between their larger twins.
“And here’s the main event,” said Derek.
Below them, higher than any structure in the management part and higher, even, than the simulation towers, was what looked like the top of a giant, urbanized mushroom. Nearly a mile across, a glimmering all-glass disc was held at cloud height by dozens of symmetrical round towers. Between each neighboring set of these towers, the arches Vincent had seen along the city’s outer edge were denser than ever, with two or three joining each tower to its twins every few stories. The thing was a commercially built hive, interconnected and intertwined in its supports below, and presided upon by the saucer-shaped glass disc above.
“The residences,” said Derek. Vincent could hear a hint of pride in the man’s voice. “If you live in Hux, you have a home here. Most families live in one of the towers, but some, mostly the management workers, live in the disc.”
Vincent continued to stare down at the intricate behemoth below. The disc, as Derek called it, wasn’t as flat as it had first appeared. There was a slight curve to it, bowed up ever so slightly in the center.
Jessica peered at the thing as well, looking nervous. “So we’ll be staying here with our parents?”
Vincent knew her concern perfectly well: they could fool the devices of the Guard with their prints, but Mr. and Mrs. Carlson would see through the farce in a single glance.
“No, no, you’ll be staying in the dormitories,” said Derek. “You can come home to the residences on the weekends if you’d like, but most students stay on campus. And speaking of students …”
They were beginning to pass over white, tower-sized domes stacked up from the ground in clusters, and spread across the pavement like the lumps of a rash.
“The schools,” finished Derek. “Newsight sponsored and all. They were built at the same time as the halos as part of Fatrem’s initiative.”
Vincent looked down at the domes. They reminded him all too clearly of the Seclusion.
Jessica scanned the domes for a moment as well, but she didn’t focus there for long. Instead, she turned her gaze to the right, to the very edge of the window’s line of sight. “Is that all part of the schooling sector, too?” she asked.
It was yet another field of towers, nearly a third of the city. Most of the towers were perfectly round and bleached white like those in the recreation ring.
“That’s the retirement sector,” said Derek. “That’s what everyone has to look forward to. Work long enough, behave well enough, and that’s where you go. Free simulations, even Newsim. The government has a contract with Newsight.”
Vincent looked over at the field of towers, stricken, without knowing why, by the stillness of them. There were no transports flying between them, nor even any arches to connect them. They merely stood there, stagnant, solitary.
“Why are there so many?” asked Jessica. “Are there that many elderly people in Hux?”
“It’s not just the elderly there,” said Derek. As he said it, his eyes lingered over the nearest line of towers. “But enough of that. Retirement is the most boring sector.” He turned back to the front face of the window. “This is much more exciting. The halos.”
Vincent turned away from the stoic-looking towers, rather gladly, and followed Derek’s gaze. They were passing over the last of the stacks of school domes below and approaching the tower-width halos around the city’s perimeter.
“We’re going to the activation office,” continued Derek. “It’s not far from where we’ll be entering.”
The transport began to decelerate, and as they drew closer to the highest halo, Vincent could see the markings there. Words, again, only these formed a different phrase: THERE IS NO LOVE WITHOUT HATRED.
Before Vincent could inspect the words further, the pod had cut off his angle. Their rapid approach had come to a stop just a few yards from the halo’s exterior. They stopped there, hovering for a few seconds, until a portion of the white surface slid to the side like a curtain. Vincent grabbed onto the side of the pod as they started forward, but they were through without a hitch.
“Here we are,” said Derek. He knocked on the window they had just been looking out, and the door of the pod fell down from the top, forming a fragile-looking bridge.
Vincent looked around them as they followed Derek down the ramp. Halo North, like the halo they had walked through earlier that morning, looked suspiciously like a normal hallway. The doors nearest them had number labels, but these, unlike John’s nine-digit address, were only a few digits in length.
“How long did you say you’ve been without Lenses?” asked Derek.
“We didn’t say,” said Jessica. “But it’s only been a few days.”
“A few days!” Derek gave her a horrified look before taking the lead down the hall. “I can’t imagine. I can barely go without my sims for a few hours. Thank heavens I have priority access.”
“From Newsight?” said Jessica. “How long have you been working for them?”
“Oh, I don’t work for them. I have priority access because I work for the Guard as a Newsight liaison. I usually deal with Order attacks but with how quiet it’s been lately, I’ve been getting assignments like these.”
“The Order hasn’t been trying anything?” asked Vincent.
“Well, there was a minor incident yesterday. They tapped into the network and played some sort of announcement on everyone’s Lenses. But the halos stop all major attacks.”
Vincent looked around them again, at the innocuous white walls and thin-looking doors. “They don’t seem like much.”
“From the inside,” said Derek. “On the outside, they have sensors that can detect a missile from ten miles out. When they detect one, they form a shield over the city to stop anything from getting through.”
“Like a dome,” said Vincent.
“Exactly. A nearly impenetrable one, thanks to Halo North.”
“And the halo employees,” said Jessica, her tone a forced kind of casual, “they live here, I assume?”
“No, ma’am. Everyone commutes. None of the halos have apartments.”
Jessica frowned. “But while we were gone we got a package from someone who lives here. I even have the address. It’s Halo North, Hux, 00529—”
“Oh you’re thinking of the postal signature,” said Derek. “Any package that leaves Hux is reviewed by security in Halo North and stamped for approval. The numbers are for the packages, not apartments.”
Jessica turned to Vincent, lips still parted in a silent question. The empty feeling in Vincent’s stomach returned. They had checked only John’s most recent package. The numbers on the others could have been wildly different, randomized and meaningless. John’s invisible line reeling them in had snapped in two.
“Here we are,” said Derek. They came to a stop at a door with a line of white, stiff-backed chairs outside. “They know you’re coming, but let me make sure they’re ready for you. Go ahead and have a seat.”
Derek disappeared through the door, leaving Vincent and Jessica alone in the hall. 
“Do you think he was telling the truth?” asked Jessica.
“He has no reason to lie.”
“But Kendra said—”
“Kendra’s never been here. She probably just assumed all the labels were the same.”
Jessica deflated. “So what are we going to do? We don’t have time to think of anything else.”
“We will once we get to the dormitories,” said Vincent. “Or whatever he called them.”
Jessica shook her head. “We’re about to be back on the grid, Vincent. As Ben and Lena Carlson. They’ll be watching us.”
Vincent realized what she was saying. Communicating, about anything important, at least, would be impossible after their Lenses were reactivated. Vincent glanced at the door.
“Well we know we need to find John. He’s our only way to the Order.”
“But it’s been so long that I don’t know if I’d recognize him. And you saw this place, it’s massive.”
Vincent thought for a moment. “How much older than us is he?”
“A few years at least.”
“So he’ll be out of school. We know that much.”
“That means he’ll be in the working sector?”
Vincent shrugged. It wasn’t much help. From the transport, the working sector had looked like half the city. “What about the residences?”
Jessica shook her head again. “Derek said everyone in Hux has an apartment there. It would take ages to look through.”
Vincent furrowed his brow in frustration. They were so close. The Order could be in any one of the buildings they had just flown over, or underneath any of them, and they had no way of knowing.
Vincent paused in his thoughts, suddenly conscious of the Lens case attached to his wrist. He was being stupid. Of course they had a way.
“THE SIM,” he said. “As soon as they activate our Lenses, we can watch it. It will tell us everything.”
“It will tell them everything, too. They see whatever we see. Watching THE SIM would be as good as turning ourselves in.”
She was right, of course, Vincent knew. If Newsight saw them with THE SIM, they would be taken away before they could blink.
“What about Lynn?” he asked. “Can we send her a message?”
“Not without Newsight suspecting something.”
“So we have no way of knowing where he is. We’re back where we started.”
“That’s what I’ve been saying, Vincent, I just don’t know how to—”
“Carlsons?”
Derek stepped through the door and held it open.
“They’re ready for you.”
Jessica’s lips remained parted, as if held open by the words now trapped inside. Derek didn’t appear to notice.
“I’ll wait for you out here. Shouldn’t be long.” He moved out of their way and passed Vincent the door. With no other choice, Vincent and Jessica stepped through.
“Hello.” A young woman wearing heels and a short, skintight dress greeted them from inside. The room was bare but for a single, reclined chair in the center and a one-sided mirror on the far wall.
“First,” continued the woman, in her sweet but vaguely artificial voice, “allow me to apologize for the inconvenience. Newsight values our customers a great deal, and we do everything we can to prevent malfunctions. Sometimes, however, even we aren’t perfect.”
She said this last part with a smile, as if it were a surprise. She turned from them and crossed over to the reclined chair, her heels clicking against the tile as she went.
“We will diagnose the issue and have you on your way. Ladies first.”
Jessica glanced at Vincent, then sat down, shuddering when the cold chair made contact with her skin.
“Good girl. Now, all you have to do is put these on over your Lenses.”
The woman handed Jessica two dark gray, Lens-shaped devices. Vincent couldn’t tell from a distance what the material was made of, but it looked like metal.
With a slight shake in her hands, Jessica dropped the things on top of her Lenses from above. Once they were both in, her eyes were no longer visible. She stared out of two sightless circles of dead gray.
“Try to relax, dear,” said the woman. Jessica had been sitting stiff as a board. “The diagnosis is already in progress.”
Vincent watched, helpless, as Jessica attempted to steady her breathing from the seat. The eyes of the woman standing over her were out of focus.
“Your Lenses were manually disabled,” the woman said. “That will have to be reported.” Her voice was still sweet, but less so than before. “Now for the activation.”
The tremor in Jessica’s hands extended up through her arms, then her shoulders, then her neck until she shook all over. Her cheeks were sucked into her mouth so tightly her head looked more like a skull. The empty, ashen-colored coverings on her eyes only added to the image, forcing her eyelids open eerily wide. Her lips parted without a sound as she writhed in her chair. Her body contorted in odd, unnatural movements everywhere but the head. That remained, as if nailed through the eye sockets into the headrest, as if bolted there by the metallic gray Lenses.
Then she was still. Her body sagged down into the seat, her head suddenly released. She panted, still shaking, as she caught her breath.
“Easy as that,” said the woman. She removed the gray Lenses from Jessica’s eyes. Beneath them, thick lines of blood spidered out from Jessica’s pupils and leaked from her tear ducts.
The woman leaned forward, barely bending at the hips from the tightness of her dress, and grabbed Jessica by the hand. She pulled her up, and Jessica crossed over to Vincent, her eyes downcast, her arms crossed, wrapping herself tight.
“Now for the gentleman?”
Vincent took a deep breath. He stepped forward, giving Jessica’s arm a light squeeze as he passed. Without a word, he slid into the chair, his eyes on the one-sided mirror. He could see only his reflection, but he knew without a doubt he was being watched from the other side.
*  *  *  *  *  *
Vincent and Jessica walked out of the room and back into the main hall.
“All set?” asked Derek.
Neither of them spoke. Vincent was trying to keep the blood in the corners of his eyes from leaking onto his jacket, but his shaking made it impossible. Derek looked away from them.
“I’ve already called a transport. It should meet us at the gate.”
The walk passed in silence. Vincent was bent a few degrees forward, careful to cradle the puddle of blood in his palms, and Jessica was looking down as well, bleeding hardly at all but shaking with visible, body-length tremors.
“Here we are,” said Derek.
They had reached the opening in the halo they had first come through.
“I actually have some more work to do here,” continued Derek, gaze still averted from them, “so I’ll catch the next one.” He crossed over to the transport and pressed a button on the door. “Whenever you’re ready. It will take you to your dormitories, and a different transport will take you to school. You don’t have to worry about a thing.” He smiled at them, and he forced himself to make eye contact. When he did, his smile disappeared. He looked away again.
“On second thought, I’m sure I can arrange for you to skip the rest of the day’s classes. You must be tired.” He paused, glancing back down the hall the way they had just come. “They gave you free access to a Newsim, didn’t they?”
Slowly, as if hearing the words at a slight delay, Vincent nodded.
“Then I would enter that,” said Derek. “It will help you relax.” He glanced down the hall again, then lowered his voice. “Besides, it looks bad if you don’t.”
Vincent nodded once more, then started up the ramp to the pod. Jessica started up as well, but she swayed dangerously from the shaking as she went. Derek stepped forward, steadying her.
“You’re all right,” he said. “It’ll get better.” He helped her up the ramp into the pod, not letting go until she was seated inside. After he’d returned to the hall, the ramp folded back up into the door.
Vincent ignored Derek’s gaze as they departed. He looked straight down instead, so the blood from his tear ducts dripped between his shoes.
Chapter 12 – Simulations
The transport came to a stop on a balcony some ten stories up a cubed stack of dormitories. Vincent, glancing back at Jessica to make sure she was steady on her feet, started down the ramp. When they were safely on the balcony, the transport – as if bidding them farewell – waved its ramp upward, then zoomed off through the maze of neighboring dorms.
Vincent turned to face the balcony’s three doors. “I guess two of these are ours.”
Jessica nodded. The shaking had started to wear off.
As a test, Vincent stepped forward and pressed his eye up against the scanner of the door on the right. The lock clicked free. “This one must be mine. Try the middle one.”
Jessica stepped forward. She had to brace herself against the door to stay steady for the scanner. A second later, the door slid open.
“Good,” said Vincent. “You should rest. How do you feel?”
Jessica made no answer as she stepped forward. She paused in the frame just long enough to glance back at him, and then she was inside. Vincent stared at her closed door for a moment before entering through his own.
His dormitory was tiny, low-ceilinged and incredibly compact, with only two rooms: one just large enough to fit a twin-sized bed, and another for a toilet and shower. He suddenly found it difficult to breath. The room’s size, as well as its stifling white, had made his Lenses feel tighter. Slipping off his shoes, he crossed the room – which amounted only to a few steps – and lay down on the bed.
For the most part the bleeding had stopped, but the throbbing pain had stayed with him. He knew sleep would be impossible. It wasn’t so much the pain that kept him awake; it was the memory of the leaden Lenses being slipped over his eyes, of the hair-width wires extending back into his skull, of the raw, relentless intrusion.
Exhaling, Vincent rolled onto his side. He thought about getting up, going for a walk around the city to explore, but he knew that was out of the question. They were being watched now, and anything they did would be subject to review. They would look for John eventually, but to do that, they needed to remain undetected.
Vincent shifted his focus to his Lenses. If there was one thing in the city that everyone seemed to take for granted, that seemed sure not to raise suspicion, it was entering a sim.
He navigated to his stored simulations as the woman in the tight dress had instructed them, and was surprised to find an entire library. Well over a thousand thumbnail images scrolled across his vision. Some showed luxurious views of the city, others transports flying at high speeds, others unclothed human flesh. And at the bottom of the collection, just as the woman had promised, was an additional simulation quite unlike the rest. It had no thumbnail image, simply a label: Newsim. Something about it made Vincent hesitate. He debated again whether he shouldn’t get up and walk around. Derek had said school was only halfway through; maybe he could try and find their building. Or maybe he could use the time to wander through the working sector and find the Newsight headquarters.
Neither of these options moved beyond thought. Vincent stayed where he was. His eyes continued to hover over the black square labeled Newsim. It was still a Newsight product, but it seemed an exception to the Newsight Vincent had come to know. And besides, he thought, Derek had said it would look bad if they didn’t enter the simulations. The things had been a gift, after all.
Closing his eyes, Vincent focused on the black square, and his vision went dark.
“Welcome to Newsim.”
A female voice, soft and sweet – like the woman’s from activation – rang out in his head, though it could very well have been coming from somewhere in the room – it sounded so real.
“Your simulation will begin shortly. We hope you enjoy.”
Vincent’s vision remained black a few seconds longer, then returned all at once. He was no longer in the dormitory. The white walls and low ceilings had been replaced by a more spacious room, cream-colored all the way around and sloped to a point at the top, and with a soft gray floor made of knit, hair-like threads. He was sitting at a table with three other people. The first two he recognized instantly: his parents, though both looked different. Their Seclusion-standard white jumpsuits with high collars had been replaced. Vincent’s father wore a shirt with buttons down the front, and his mother wore a light, flowing yellow dress. The third person at the table was a man with wrinkles sewn deep into his face, and with hair as white as the room Vincent had just left.
“That was delicious,” said Vincent’s father. “Thank you, Sarah.”
Sarah – Vincent still hadn’t gotten used to the name – nodded in thanks, glowing.
“Just like your mother used to make it,” said the old man. “Marvelous.”
Sarah glowed brighter still. “I’m glad you liked it,” she said, then turned to Vincent. “What did you think?”
Vincent looked up at her, then at his father and the old man. When he turned his head, there was no curtain of black chased away by his gaze, no trace of the rendering pixels. This was real. He felt himself in the chair. He tasted the air from the room. He felt full from whatever meal they had just eaten.
“It was really good,” he said automatically. “Thank you.”
Sarah’s smile grew even broader; she seemed more thrilled than ever. “I can’t believe one of my experiments finally worked!”
“Neither can we,” said Vincent’s father, grinning.
Sarah rolled her eyes and flung her napkin at him. “Either way, you still have dishes.”
Vincent’s father groaned through a smile. “You’re a slave driver, woman,” he said, standing.
“Gets it from her mother,” said the old man. “I’ve been there, Tom.”
Sarah stood as well. “I think I’ll sit on the back porch while you’re slaving away.”
Tom shook his head. “You better join her,” he said to Vincent. “She’ll put you to work if you don’t.”
The white-haired man stood as well. “I’m too old for that, but not for sitting with my favorite daughter.”
Sarah smiled at him, then turned to Vincent. “Care to join us? Are you done with your homework?”
“I finished it at school.” The answer seemed to have been preloaded in Vincent’s mind. The words tasted foreign to him as they left his lips, but true.
“Well come on Vince, don’t keep an old man waiting,” said the white-haired man in mock impatience.
Confused, but not really caring, Vincent stood from his seat. The old man draped an arm over his shoulders as they started for the sliding glass door with Sarah.
“Tom,” said the old man, “why don’t you entertain us while we’re out here?”
“I can probably think of something.”
“Oh my,” said Sarah. She leaned in and lowered her voice. “Maybe we’ll close the door behind us.”
“I heard that,” said Tom. He was at the sink now, his hands wet with soap.
Sarah only grinned in response. She led them out the sliding glass door into a wave of warm, natural-smelling air. They were standing next to a small round table, on a wooden platform of boards pushed together at the edges and lifted from the rest of the lawn.
“Tom, we need to mow tomorrow,” Sarah called back into the house. She was looking at the overgrown grass that covered the fenced-in area they had just walked into.
“If by we you mean Vincent,” returned Tom.
Sarah turned to Vincent. “Can you take care of it?”
Vincent looked at his mother, then at the lawn, the answer once again spilling from his lips. “Sure.”
Sarah squeezed his arm, still smiling, and pulled two chairs out from the table next to them. The old man and Vincent sat as Sarah took her seat by the table. From the kitchen, a hummed, light-hearted melody floated out to them, one Vincent knew for certain he had heard before. When the intro was finished, Tom began to sing.
“Here it comes,” said Sarah. “You just had to ask didn’t you, Dad?”
The old man leaned back and closed his eyes. “Let him go. The man has to entertain himself somehow.”
Sarah laughed and shook her head. She leaned back in her chair like her father had, but she kept her eyes open. She stared straight forward through the foliage of trees outside their fence, at the pink-shaded sky beyond.
Vincent mimicked her pose. He felt a warmth in him that had nothing to do with the heat of the air. It came from his mother and father and grandfather, from the short brown house with the angled roof, from the sounds of a song sung just out of tune.
*  *  *  *  *  *
The sharp pulse of a morning alarm pulled Vincent from his daze. When his eyes flashed open, he was back in the dormitory. He had fallen asleep. From the feeling of fatigue that lined his eyelids, however, he had fallen asleep only within the simulation. Outside of it, with Newsim on the same clock as the real world, his mind must have been turning as quickly as ever.
Vincent jumped a little when he saw movement near the bottom edge of his vision. He settled when he saw the message from Derek.
I have arranged for a transport to take you to your new school. We tried to place you in your old classroom, but the spots had been filled by the Washing migration. I’m sure you’ll fit in with your new classmates just fine … The transport comes at 7:50. It will meet you on the balcony.
Vincent checked the time, then groaned and leaned back against his pillow. Going to school was the last thing they needed to be doing. That was the one place John would definitely not be.
Forcing himself up, Vincent stood and crossed over to the narrow door next to the restroom. When it slid open, he was greeted by a rack of the usual school uniforms, though these, instead of bleach white, were an ashen gray.
 At 7:48, Vincent stepped out of his room and onto the balcony. Jessica was already there waiting for him, staring out at the expanse of white school domes deeper in the city.
“Good morning,” said Vincent.
“Good morning.” Jessica showed no trace of the incident from the day prior. She was steady, and her eyes were clear of blood. They were puffy, though, and the skin under them was tinted purple.
“Did you try the simulations?” asked Vincent, already knowing the answer.
“I don’t think I slept.” Jessica stared out over the dormitory buildings with a look of consternation. “This isn’t what we need to be doing.”
“I know. But we’ll have time this weekend.”
Jessica nodded but said nothing back. Vincent knew it wasn’t much of a comfort. They would need more than a weekend to find a particular building in Hux, let alone a particular person.
“Look,” said Jessica, pointing upward. “That’s probably ours.”
The round pod of a transport soared toward them, slowing down as it prepared to deploy its ramp. 
A lanky, black-haired girl stepped through the door on the far left of the balcony. “Is this ours?” she asked.
“It’s ours,” said Jessica, emphasizing the second word. “You might have to—”
“Perfect.” The girl pushed past them and up the ramp just as it made contact with the balcony. Jessica turned to Vincent. He merely shrugged.
“I got a message saying you were moving in,” said the girl when they followed her inside. “You’re the transfers?”
Vincent and Jessica lowered themselves into the bucket seats. Behind them, the ramp folded upward and the transport began to rise.
“I guess so,” said Jessica. “Does that mean you can just jump in our transport?”
“I don’t see why not,” said the girl. “We’re going to the same place. You’re in your final year, aren’t you?”
They nodded, and the girl shrugged, as if that settled things. “I’m Annie. We’ll be in the same class.”
She reached out her hand to Vincent first.
“I’m Vin—”
“Lena,” Jessica broke in, taking Annie’s hand mid-shake. “And this is Ben.”
“Okay …” said Annie, laughing a little. “Nice to meet you.”
Feeling foolish, Vincent avoided Jessica’s eyes. He changed the subject. “So how’s school? Will we be behind?”
Annie shook her head. “Not really. We mostly learn about the Order. The trades, too, but you’ll know all about those.”
Vincent and Jessica exchanged a look.
“I’m just excited for the weekend,” continued Annie. “Newsim is free.”
“Really?” said Vincent. “I thought you had to pay for it.”
“You do during the week,” said Annie. “A lot. But on the weekends, Newsight sponsors a discount at the school. If you stay here, you can have all the Newsim you want.”
“If you stay where?” asked Jessica. “The dorms?”
Annie nodded. “Almost the whole school stays. We’re here seven days a week.”
“What about your family? When do you see them?”
Annie shrugged, indifferent. “I usually don’t. Every few months maybe. They spend most of their weekends in the recreation ring, anyway. The money they don’t spend there they give to me as sim allowance for the week.” A misty, distant look crossed her eyes. “But nothing compares to Newsim during the weekend.”
The transport pulled to a stop over the side of the street, but Annie didn’t seem to notice. Her eyes were on Vincent.
“It’s especially fun when you share. Are you busy tomorrow?”
Jessica pressed the door button a bit harder than necessary. “Yes, he is,” she snapped. “We both are.”
The door slid open and Jessica pulled herself out at a crouch. Annie flashed Vincent another smile – one he weakly returned – then stepped out of the pod as well.
When they were all outside, Jessica pointed to a building up ahead. “Is that it?”
Across the street was a sprawling, boxy building some thirty stories high, the flat face of which showed only a handful of windows. It had a dreary, nondescript entrance with an inscription over the archway, the same phrase Vincent had read on the inside of the halo: THERE IS NO LOVE WITHOUT HATRED.
“That’s the Birthschool,” said Annie. “Our school is this way.” She started off in the opposite direction without checking to see if they were behind her.
“Is that like Incubation?” asked Vincent, catching up. “Like from the Seclusions?”
“I guess so,” said Annie. “It’s just like our school, only for newborns. Now hurry up. It’s almost eight.”
*  *  *  *  *  *
The three of them walked into the classroom just as their Lenses began blinking the time. Most of the other students were already at their desks.
“Be seated, children.”
The voice had come from the narrow-eyed man at the front of the class.
“That’s Mr. Watts,” whispered Annie, sitting down. “He’s the strictest teacher I’ve had.”
Vincent wasn’t surprised; the man’s posture was rigidly straight, as if someone had tied a pole to his back.
Annie tugged at Vincent’s sleeve and flicked her head toward the seat directly behind her. Vincent sat down, and Jessica followed suit in an open seat to their right. 
“We will begin with the morning sim.” Mr. Watts scanned the classroom with bored-looking eyes. “Please accept my invitation.”
A string of text appeared on the bottom of Vincent’s Lenses. Straightening in his seat out of habit, he glanced down and engaged the sim.
He was standing next to a window as large as a wall, staring down at a maze of plain, rectangular skyscrapers.
A streak of white split the sky. The window shattered and he went soaring back, knocking into something behind him, pushed there by the force of the explosion. He felt the heat in the air, on his chest … 
The simulation changed. He was running on a street with cracked pavement and alongside men and women he didn’t recognize. Above them loomed the same skyscrapers he had seen from the window, most of them aflame. The air around them was polluted with smoke. There were sirens coming from all directions, but the sirens couldn’t quite mask the constant rumble coming from above.
Vincent looked up as he ran and saw the jets. They zoomed by far too close overhead, some dropping cylindrical loads as they flew, others launching them from their front ends, their rockets trained on every building they could reach. Vincent started to cough as the tidal wave of smoke behind him licked at his heels. He increased his pace, but only toward a similar wave of smoke just ahead. The rumbling was louder now. There was a whistle, an explosion …
The simulation changed again. For several seconds, Vincent watched from a bird’s-eye view as dozens of jets dropped their loads over the city he had just been inside. He watched as a final, flashing white blaze split the clouds above …
The simulation changed once more. Vincent was on the street again, but he was standing now, and the sirens and jet engines had fallen silent. The smoke had cleared, and the street was still – what was left of it. Chunks of pavement were missing in giant craters, and the cars that had once lined its surface were overturned, their windows shattered, their hoods and side doors bent inward. Through it all, the stench of rotting meat hung in the air like a disease. It wafted up into Vincent’s nose from the pavement, where, beside the overturned cars and jagged craters, the people he had been running alongside now lay. They lined the curbs twisted at odd angles, sometimes piled atop one another, other times completely alone, abandoned in the ash and debris and blood like hunted game too small to collect.
Somewhere, a man began to speak.
 “The Order is the enemy of the state, the enemy of freedom. Apart, we cannot survive. Together, we cannot fall.”
The street disappeared, and the simulation ended. They were back in the classroom. The posture of the students around Vincent was no longer so straight, the eyes of them no longer so empty. A girl to Vincent’s left was crying; a boy to his right was shaking all over; Annie seemed prepared to punch someone.
“Let us not forget who is to blame.” Mr. Watts’s hands trembled as he spoke – he no longer looked so bored. “Who are we fighting?”
In unison, as a monotone, obedient choir, the class answered, “The Order.”
Vincent looked around him. Everyone but he and Jessica had joined in.
Mr. Watts nodded in approval. “Very good. Now let us begin our—”
Vincent’s vision went black. By the gasps and whimpers around the room, he knew the same had happened to everyone else. For a fraction of a second, he thought their Lenses had gone dark, just as they had in the Seclusion, but the darkness didn’t last. A room appeared before them, small and cramped, and with a chair in its center lit only by a single lamp. They were in another simulation.
“Stay calm, children,” Mr. Watts called out to them. “The Order must have staged a second hack. It’s just another message from their leader.”
This didn’t quiet the whimpering.
Vincent tried to turn to Jessica, but instead of seeing her, he saw only the room with the lamp, viewed as if from a camera set on a tripod.
A man of slender figure and tattered garb sat down in the chair. Only the bottom half of his face was in frame, but the top portion, if Brian’s and Kendra’s claims about the Order’s leader were correct, would have two empty sockets for eyes.
Vincent scooted forward in his seat. The man named George Goodwin was about to speak.
Chapter 13 – Maintenance
“Citizens of the standard cities.”
The man left his lips parted at each pause. His words were as hollow as his malnourished cheeks.
“Yesterday we launched an attack on Washing. Those who did not heed our warning were destroyed.”
The voice was inhuman in some way, forced and strange, but in fleeting moments it carried a familiar quality, as well, like a dream dancing in and out of memory.
 “Our attacks will continue,” the man said. “And they will grow in number. We have penetrated Newsight’s Identification Division. We can be anyone. We can be anywhere. Standard cities are no longer safe. The halos will not protect you.” He paused, lips quivering mid-word. “The Order will triumph.”
The feed went dark, and the classroom returned. The boy to Vincent’s right was shaking even more violently. Annie’s knuckles were clenched and white.
“The halos will protect the city,” said Mr. Watts, “whatever the Order claims. They simply wish to frighten us.” 
Vincent could tell the man was far from confident. The rest of the class – most of them completely quiet, the others on the verge of tears – seemed to sense the same thing.
“We will be safe here, children. The Identification Division will soon find the source of the hack.”
Jessica frowned at these last words. She squinted at her desk with her brow furrowed, her head held at a pensive tilt. Vincent watched her, only half hearing the droning words of Mr. Watts.
“Now for trade-training. If you would all please rise.”
Even in their shaken state, the class rose together with the simultaneity of a single, mechanical unit. Vincent and Jessica followed suit, Jessica rising a bit slower, her gaze still on her desk.
“To your usual locations,” said Mr. Watts, and the classroom unit moved once again, this time starting for the hall. Vincent made as if to follow but hesitated when Jessica didn’t move. Out of his periphery, he saw Mr. Watts watching them.
“Lena,” he whispered. “Let’s go.”
He tugged at her sleeve as Mr. Watts started over. She stayed where she was, apparently still deep in thought, oblivious to everything else.
“Lena we need to—”
“Carlsons?” Mr. Watts came to a stop next to them. Jessica looked up, seeming only just now to remember she was in public, and glanced at the students filing into the hall.
“I received notice of your transfer yesterday evening,” said Mr. Watts. “You’ll already know your trades, of course, but in this building the locations are different. For Security,” he looked at Jessica, “the modules are straight down the hall, third door on the left. For Newsight Management,” he looked at Vincent, “first door on the right.”
“Newsight Management?” repeated Vincent.
“Indeed.” Mr. Watts gave a slight smirk, then flicked his head toward the hallway. “Now get going. Your modules will be starting soon.”
 Jessica nodded, still distracted, and started for the exit. Mr. Watts returned to his desk. For a moment Vincent could only watch in confusion, feeling certain he must have missed something, then the time began to blink across his Lenses, and he took off after Jessica.
“What’s wrong?” he asked when they were in the hall.
“Nothing.”
Jessica started for her module room, but Vincent caught her by the wrist.
“Are you sure?”
She turned around to face him, eyes still glassed with the same concerted look as before. She seemed to be trying to channel him something, something she couldn’t say aloud. “I’m sure,” she said, and she pulled away, starting once again for her room down the hall. Vincent stared after her, her expression playing over in his mind, as if memorizing it would reveal its meaning. Then his Lenses began to blink yet again, and he could see nothing but the white of the time.
*  *  *  *  *  *
The session lasted the rest of the school day, breaking only for lunch. The Management modules amounted to nothing more than interactive simulations, ones Vincent could have distilled into a single principle: Newsight managers never share sensitive (or nonsensitive) information with customers, employees, or family, and always do what their superiors command. He felt better equipped now to keep large quantities of secrets than ever before.
When he emerged from his room into a crowd of his classmates, Jessica stood waiting for him, now looking in a much better mood. “How were your modules?” she asked.
“Good,” lied Vincent. “How were yours?”
“Good. I learned about the different divisions of Security.” She smiled, as if this were profoundly interesting, then started down the hall with the crowd. Vincent fell in stride beside her.
“So you’re okay from earlier, I guess.”
“I was always okay.”
“Really?”
She didn’t answer him, only scanned the hall straight ahead.
“Well, should we try and get a transport?” asked Vincent.
“Not yet. We need to – Mr. Watts!”
The teacher was just a few doors off, locking up the classroom in a rush. He looked up at the sound of Jessica’s voice. “Miss. Carlson? I would love to chat but I’m—”
“It will only take a second. Ben and I have a quick question.”
He paused, glancing down the hall before turning back with a sigh. “What about?”
“We were wondering if we could take a field trip to the Newsight headquarters.”
Vincent felt his pulse miss a beat. He turned to Jessica, trying to catch her eye, but she avoided his gaze.
“The headquarters?” said Mr. Watts, raising a brow.
“Yes, sir,” said Jessica. “We were hoping since our trades are so related to the company that we could take a tour of it.”
“Well you’ll get to do just that, but you’ll have to wait. The end-of-term excursions are still several months away.”
“But isn’t there something you can—”
“No, I’m sorry. That’s well beyond my influence. Now …” he finished locking the classroom door and readjusted his coat, “… you’ll have to excuse me.”
Jessica opened her mouth to protest yet again, but Mr. Watts had already turned. She watched him go for a beat, deflated, then started down the hall in the opposite direction, the bounce suddenly absent from her step.
“Hey,” hissed Vincent. “A field trip?”
She glanced back at him but didn’t stop. “Yes, now come on.” She continued down the hall toward one of the side exits. Annoyed, Vincent started after her, and by the time they were outside, he had caught up.
“Why did you just—”
“Do you know how to call a transport?”
“No. Now tell me—”
“That one might be ours.” Jessica pointed to a pod hovering several yards away, then moved closer to it, eyes sliding out of focus. “It says Ben and Lena Carlson. Maybe Derek called it.” She jumped in without waiting. More exasperated than ever, Vincent followed close behind and sat in the seat next to her, unsurprised to find her already facing the window, avoiding his gaze. He opened his mouth to prompt her once more but closed it when he saw her reflection. She was watching him, no longer detached or lost in thought but steady, staring at him in the glass with the same, desperate expression she’d worn that morning. Then she was normal again, and her stare was on the street. Vincent frowned but didn’t break the silence. As the pod gained altitude in its typical, stomach-churning fashion, he turned to his own window. He was watching the last few students emerge from the front entrance when he felt Jessica’s finger tracing along his spine. He turned around. Jessica was facing the window, but her left hand was closer to him than usual.
“What is it?” he asked.
Jessica turned to him, trying and failing to look innocent. “What’s what?”
Vincent cocked his head, brow furrowed in confusion. She nodded toward the window. “Keep looking.”
Frowning deeper still, Vincent turned back to the glass. They continued to rise. Below them, he could see the behemoth, block-shaped building Annie had called the Birthschool.
The tracing started again, and Vincent jumped. He didn’t turn around this time though. He kept his eyes fixed out the window, felt her finger run down the center of his spine, slow and soft. The hair on his arms rose with each stroke: a half curl facing upward, a straight line under his shoulder blades, a pause, a different pattern altogether.
Vincent narrowed his eyes, squinting in concentration as he looked out the window – Jessica was drawing letters.
They rode like that in silence for over a minute before Jessica lifted her finger from Vincent’s back. Vincent had lost track of some of the symbols, but he could piece the words together well enough: 
John
Prints
Newsight
“What do you think of the hack?” asked Jessica.
Vincent could hear the prompting in her voice – she was trying to tell him something. “I don’t know,” he said. “Scary, I guess.”
“Newsight has never been hacked before. How do you think the Order did it?”
Vincent’s frown endured a moment longer, then began to fade.
John. Prints. Newsight.
Those three words tugged him toward an answer. The assumed method of the hack was a traditional assault on Newsight’s firewalls, but the alternative, the one Jessica seemed to be implying, was much different. Penetrating Newsight may have been impossible for a virus of the Order, but what about for an agent of it? What better way to resist than to physically infiltrate the heart of the enemy? They would have direct access to authentic ID prints. They could send packages to people like Kendra, people aggregating what little resistance that remained, and Kendra could send in recruits with false identities. Newsight had been hacked, but the virus hadn’t been a line of code – it had been John.
Vincent felt the realization wash over him in an instant. Jessica’s field trip idea had been brilliant. The Newsight headquarters was the perfect place to begin their search.
Jessica grinned, seeming to sense his understanding. “I guess only the Order knows.” With a theatrical sigh, she turned back to the window. Vincent did the same. He looked out over the dormitories and school domes and city beyond, but the place no longer seemed so large. For the first time in days, even if they had no way of getting there, they knew exactly where they needed to go.
“Who’s that?” asked Jessica.
Vincent turned from his window and followed her gaze. They were almost to their balcony where another pod had already landed. As they touched down next to it, Derek leaned out the side to wave in greeting. 
“Hello there!” he called out to them when their door slid open.
 “Uh … hi, Derek,” said Vincent.
“How are you, Ben?” Derek climbed onto the balcony and brushed himself off. “Lena?”
“Hi,” said Jessica. She glanced at Vincent before turning back to the other pod. “Is something wrong?”
“No, no, nothing at all,” said Derek. “Come on out.”
They exited their pod onto the balcony, and as they did, Vincent noticed a bright-faced woman in a white dress at Derek’s side. He was sure he had never seen her before, but her young features and tight, curve-hugging dress were oddly familiar. Derek motioned her forward.
“This is Cara. She’ll be performing your maintenance.”
“Maintenance?” said Jessica.
“For your Lenses,” said Derek. “The school does check-ups every Wednesday morning, so yesterday should have been your first one. We wouldn’t want you falling behind already, would we?” 
The woman in the dress didn’t wait for their answer. “Which one of you would like to go first?”
Vincent hesitated for a moment, then stepped forward. Jessica, after all, had gone first last time.
“Good. Now let’s get out of this wind.” The woman motioned Vincent to the door. He scanned them in, and Jessica followed close behind. “Maintenance is especially important given the recent hack.”
“The hack!” exclaimed Derek. He had stepped in after them, forcing his oversized frame through the small door. “That’s what I was going to ask you about on the way here, Cara. Surely Newsight is going to do something about it. It’s terribly embarrassing.” 
The woman smiled sweetly. “We’ve received similar feedback. It will be taken care of.” She turned to Vincent and sat a small white case on the foot of the bed. “Sit, please.”
Vincent did as he was told. He watched the woman unzip the case and dig inside. She emerged with a silver, needle-tipped device that looked suspiciously like the gun they had seen in the Hole.
“Open wide,” said the woman. She held her finger around the trigger of the device as she raised it up. Taking a deep breath, and bracing himself for the pain, Vincent opened his eyes as wide as they would go. The woman leaned closer to him – he could smell her overpowering, flowery perfume. She lowered the device’s tip onto the surface of his right eye. It began to water. His reflexes told him to blink—
She pulled the trigger. With a flourish, she shifted to the left eye, then pulled the trigger again.
“Good as new.” She turned to Jessica. “Next?”
Frowning, Vincent stood up. The process hadn’t hurt in the slightest. The worst of it had been no more than a tickle.
Jessica turned to him before sitting down. He nodded reassuringly. Moments later, the woman had pulled the trigger twice more.
“And we’re done,” she said, placing the device back in the case. “Quick as that.”
Derek clapped his hands together. The noise sounded like an explosion in Vincent’s box-sized dormitory. “Perfect. Allow me to call you a transport, Cara.”
The woman shot Vincent and Jessica one last winning smile, then turned to Derek. He helped her, quite unnecessarily, through the doorway and out onto the balcony. When they were out of earshot, Jessica breathed a sigh of relief.
“I didn’t feel anything,” she said. “Did you?”
“Nothing,” said Vincent. He glanced out the door. A transport was already lowering onto the balcony. “At least it wasn’t like the activation.”
Jessica shuddered at the thought. “I don’t think I could do that again.”
Vincent started to say something in agreement then stopped – Derek had reentered the room.
“Well that wasn’t so bad, was it?”
Vincent and Jessica offered no response. Derek sighed, smile fading, and continued in a softer tone. “I know your hopes for this couldn’t have been high after last time. It was wrong of me not to warn you about the activation process, and I don’t intend to make that mistake again.” His eyes twitched downward, flitting in toward his nose with their focus drawn close. “I came with Cara today because I wanted to emphasize the importance of maintenance in—”
Vincent’s Lenses went black, and the glass grew cold and rigid, as if frozen to his eyes. But the darkness lasted only a blink. It faded into the light of the room so quickly that, had the chill of the Lenses not remained, Vincent may have thought himself hallucinating.
Derek let out a heavy breath and sank down onto the bed next to Jessica. “We only have a few minutes. I came to warn you.”
Jessica cast him a look of confusion, then focused on her Lenses at a squint. “What just happened? What did you do?”
“Newsight has been monitoring you closer than normal. And you’ve been flagged.”
“Flagged?” said Vincent. “What does that mean? And what went wrong with our Lenses? They just—”
“Shut off,” said Derek. “My doing. This conversation isn’t one for the record.”
“But how could they have shut off? How is that possible?”
“Well they’re not actually off, just unmonitored. Liaisons are allowed to divert surveillance resources from small regions of the network. Temporarily, at least. It’s usually reserved for my meetings with the Guard, but sometimes I use it just because. Just to stay sane.”
Vincent frowned, skeptical. Derek gave him a wry grin.
“You thought I was a Newsight fan?” He glanced from Vincent to Jessica, his grin growing broad. “Then I guess my acting is getting better.”
“So …” Jessica trailed off, her tone as unsure as her eyes. “So you’re resisting them.”
“Heavens no. I’m just trying to survive.”
Jessica deflated, sagging at the shoulders.
“Something you apparently care nothing about. Neither of you have been guarding your emotions. It’s why you’ve been flagged.”
“What do you mean flagged?” asked Vincent.
“I mean you’re on constant watch. Not by software, by actual employees. Anything suspicious is taken very seriously.”
“Then what about this? Is this not suspicious?”
Derek shrugged. “It’s worth the risk. Knowing you’re flagged will force you to keep yourselves under control. And as long as we’re acting normally when we go back on the grid, they won’t bat an eye.” 
“You’re sure about that?” said Jessica.
 “I’ve worked with them for years. I know them.”
“You know actual employees.”
“Of course.”
“Any Identification workers?”
Derek paused, brow furrowed. “I don’t think so. Why do you ask?”
Jessica ignored the question with a frown on her lips. Vincent cut in before Derek could press further.
“You really think he’s there?”
“It’s just a hunch,” she said. “I thought of it after the Order hack, when Mr. Watts was talking about the Identification Division. I just didn’t know if it was part of Newsight or the Guard until after my modules.”
Derek leaned forward, as if to remind them he was still there. “Whatever you’re talking about needs to stop. We’ll be back under surveillance soon.”
“You can help us,” said Jessica, turning to him. “We’re looking for someone in the Newsight headquarters. One of your friends could let us in.”
“No chance,” said Derek. The Lenses started to flicker. “I’m already risking enough just by talking to you.”
“But all you have to do is ask. It could sound like a tour.”
“Please,” joined Vincent. The Lenses flickered again, light shining around their edges. “You can get us inside.”
“I’m sorry. You’ll have to find another way.”
“But we just need to talk to someone.”
“Look I wish I could help.”
“You don’t have to risk anything.”
“Ben, I told you—”
“It’s important just—” 
There was a flash of white, and the chill on Vincent’s Lenses gave way to the normal, sticky heat. Derek corrected his posture automatically.
“Which is why you really can’t do without maintenance,” he said. “Now, I have to be going.” He gave them a broad, artificial grin, then got to his feet. Jessica looked from him to Vincent, crestfallen. Vincent stared straight down, mind turning at a desperate pace, to John, to the headquarters, to the chill of the Lenses, to the unconfirmed conversation—
Vincent broke gaze with the floor and looked up. “Derek?” Derek turned around. “We just wanted to say thank you.”
A hint of unease flashed across Derek’s face. “Of course. It’s the least I could do.”
“We know it must be a hassle,” continued Vincent, “setting up the tour of the headquarters for us, but we can’t wait to see Newsight from the inside.”
Derek’s unease seemed to shift to realization. He started to say something back—
“We really appreciate it,” cut in Jessica, catching Vincent’s eye. “Tomorrow will be great. Would you mind sending us a message when you have it worked out?”
Derek looked between them, head tilted back, mouth agape. “I …” His eyes flicked across his Lenses, as if confirming they had actually come back on. “I’ll let you know.” He glowered at them for a moment before adopting his usual, enthusiastic façade. “Have a terrific evening.”
He turned and left the room through the balcony without waiting for answer. When the door closed behind him, Jessica got to her feet, unable to keep the smile from her lips.
“I think I’m going to get some sleep.”
“Good idea,” said Vincent.
“Yours was better.” She smiled and glanced at the door where Derek had just disappeared. Vincent followed her gaze, but he didn’t smile back. He had a feeling the tour would come at a cost, even if they wouldn’t be the ones to pay it.
Jessica avoided the balcony and started for the door to the hall. She had taken only a few steps when she paused and looked back. “Actually, I’m not too tired yet. I think I’ll have a sim.”
Vincent nodded. He knew what she was thinking. If they had indeed been flagged by Newsight, the simulations would only help them blend in. “I think I will too,” he said.
Jessica grinned at him – perhaps relieved – then continued the short distance to the door.
When she had gone Vincent lay back on his bed with his feet still dangling off the end. He let his eyes slide out of focus. It wouldn’t have taken Jessica’s suggestion about the simulations for him to enter one. Thoughts of the small brown house and grassy backyard had plagued his mind ever since the first sim. If it helped rid them of Newsight’s flags, terrific, but that wasn’t why he let his eyes lead him to the simulation library; he wanted to go back. His Lenses seemed to sense it, too, because he didn’t have to scroll to the bottom this time – the black square labeled Newsim was already at the top. Only now, there was a second label there as well: 1,200. Vincent sighed, letting his head sink an inch deeper into the bed. Derek hadn’t given them any spending money, let alone luxury money. Still, on a whim, Vincent selected the sim anyway. To his surprise, it opened the same as it had before, this time accompanied by a few lines of text:
Credit balance: unlimited
Credit deduction: 1,200
New credit balance: unlimited
Vincent squinted at the words to make sure he hadn’t misread them. He had no point of reference for what a credit was worth, but unlimited needed no explanation.
The words cleared before he could ponder them further, and the familiar sweet voice spoke its welcome. Moments later he was sitting in the same house as last time, not in the hard-backed chairs around the dining table, but on the soft, sinking couch in the room over. His parents shared a love seat next to him, and his grandfather, leaned all the way back but talking with great animation, occupied a recliner off to the side.
“It would have been a catastrophe, Tom,” he said, speaking to Vincent’s father. “To give any one company that much is suicide.”
“I’m with you,” said Tom. “I should have realized it as soon as they brought up the regulations.”
“Maybe, but you couldn’t have known for sure. No one could have known without THE SIM. Which,” he added in a grave tone, “we could use a reminder of.”
Vincent’s mother looked aghast. “Why could we? We can forget all about that now.”
“The hell we can. The second we forget is when it happens again. I think they should show that thing in schools twice a week.”
Tom laughed but made no contradiction. “We don’t have to if you’d rather not, Sarah, but it has been a while.”
Sarah pondered for a moment, then relented. “Well all right. Do you have it, Vincent?”
Vincent looked down at his left wrist but saw nothing there. He felt for his front pocket next, but there was only a column of buttons and a striped fold of fabric.
“Try your pants, sweetheart,” said his mother.
Growing hot at the cheeks, he reached inside both pant pockets. In his left, he felt the soft plastic Lens case of THE SIM. He pulled it out.
“Throw it here,” said Tom, standing. “I’ll get it started.”
Hesitating as he looked down at the precious case in his hands, Vincent tossed it over. Tom caught it easily and bent down in front of a large, flat screen at the front of the room. But just as he began to open the case, the air in the room went stiff and cold. Everything was still, even the curtains on either side of the back door had frozen in their flutter. It stayed like that for a full second before things returned to normal.
“Let’s watch a movie instead,” said Tom. His voice was cheery and warm, but something about it seemed out of place. He looked back at them. “How does that sound?”
“Great idea,” said Sarah.
He looked at Vincent next. “I’ll pick your favorite.” Smiling and without waiting for an answer, he turned back to the screen. Unsettled, Vincent grew tense in his chair. But when the screen began to play and his parents relaxed to watch, he forgot about THE SIM. His parents and grandfather were smiling, and the air was warm again.
Chapter 14 – The Headquarters
The next day, when Vincent and Jessica climbed into their transport on the balcony, Annie was not with them. The handful of students on the neighboring balconies seemed to be running late as well. It was, however, the end of the week. Newsim was on the horizon.
At school they walked into a near-empty classroom. Still, as soon as they stepped inside, Vincent could sense the difference in mood. It wasn’t just lethargy that had taken hold. There was a nervous, excited kind of energy as well. The eyes of the boys strayed more often toward the girls. And the girls didn’t shy away, as they may have throughout the week, but instead sat a little straighter in their seats. 
“Good morning, Ben.”
Annie had just walked into the room, in a rush, and stood rather close to Vincent’s desk.
“Good morning,” said Vincent. Annie flashed him a smile before starting for the seat directly in front of him. She sat down with exaggerated slowness, then leaned all the way back. The scent of her hair should have been overpowering, but this morning, Vincent didn’t mind it.
By the time the digits at the bottom of their Lenses had ticked to 8:00, the classroom was full. Mr. Watts hurried in right on time, looking disheveled.
“Good morning, children,” he said. They started to call out back to him, but he held up a hand. His eyes were out of focus, already navigating his Lenses. “We have an announcement before our Order sim. Please accept.”
As he said it, a familiar string of text scrolled across the bottom rim of Vincent’s Lenses. Glancing down at it, he engaged.
The room disappeared. The simulation was black but for a large Newsight printed in white down the middle, and the rotating, eye-shaped emblem just below.
“This is a Newsight public announcement.”
The narrator’s words rang out in Vincent’s head in the same, sweet-sounding voice that followed the selection of a Newsim.
The black background and plain text changed to an aerial view of a Seclusion. If Vincent wasn’t mistaken, he knew that particular Seclusion all too well.
“The suspect in the Seclusion bombing has been apprehended,” the voice continued. “The man responsible tapped into the defense system and disabled the network, thus enabling the Order’s attack to strike its target.”
The feed changed once again. They were in the Center in front of the Capitol. There was a group of Senators standing on the front steps, all dressed in their usual, high-collared uniforms. Below them, still climbing upward, was a small squadron of white-clad members of the Guard. They appeared to be escorting someone: an average-height, unassuming man with a protruding stomach. Vincent couldn’t see the man’s face.
“We regret to inform you,” continued the voice, “that the suspect is one of our own.”
The feed changed angles, and next to him, Vincent heard Jessica take in a sharp breath. They could see the face of the man being escorted: the wide nose, the dark, beady eyes – it was Simon.
“A Newsight developer has been confirmed as the hacker involved,” said the narrator. “He is now also thought to have played a role in the Identification hack. Today he will face what we expect to be a swift trial.”
The feed zoomed out once again so the whole Center was visible from above. The dome of the school, Vincent noticed, had been repaired.
“For our loyal Newsight customers,” continued the voice, “there is nothing to worry about. For the inconvenience we may have caused, please accept our gift of a free Newsim, and enjoy your weekend.”
The feed disappeared, replaced by the simulation home screen where a thumbnail labeled Newsim had been deposited in the lower right-hand corner. That lingered for a few seconds, then the classroom returned. Vincent turned immediately to Jessica. Her lips were parted, and her gaze was fixed on the back of the boy in front of her.
“That’s great news,” said Mr. Watts, though his tone didn’t reflect much excitement. “Now we can begin our day with peace of mind. All of you please hurry to our usual sim.”
Vincent stole another look at Jessica. Her mouth was still slightly agape, and her eyes hadn’t shifted from the boy’s back. Vincent had a feeling she was thinking of the “swift” trial the narrator had mentioned. He had a feeling, also, what the result of that trial would be.
“We won’t begin until everyone has accepted.”
Vincent turned to the front of the room. Mr. Watts was staring at them. Casting Jessica one last look, Vincent entered the sim.
*  *  *  *  *  *
Vincent exited his modules at the end of the day feeling restless. As if infected by the day’s contagious mood, he had an odd urge to run and jump, and at the same time to lie down and do nothing at all. The modules, he felt quite certain, did not provide the outlet for these urges he was looking for.
He left his room and joined the crowd of his classmates in the hall. Annie was there waiting for him. “Hi, Ben,” she said.
Vincent looked past her for Jessica but saw only the crowd. “Hi, Annie.” 
“Have you thought any more about my invitation?” Her voice sounded different. It wasn’t as high-pitched and rapid. It had grown just a touch deeper and warmer, and the pace of it had slowed, much like the way she had sat down in front of him that morning.
“What invitation?” said Vincent.
“About the sims.” She stood a few inches closer to him than normal. “I asked if you wanted to share one this weekend.”
“Share?”
She nodded her head, slowly.
“Uh …” he glanced once again down the hall, “… when?”
“Tomorrow,” she said. “Night.”
A hot, prickly sensation lit the skin of Vincent’s face. The restless feeling that had been increasing its hold on him since the morning had been amplified.
“Ok.” It didn’t feel like his voice that answered, but he let it keep talking. “We can share.”
Annie smiled at him. “Good. I’ll message you.” She smiled again, then brushed past him, grazing her shoulder against his arm as she went.
“Ben?”
Vincent turned around, taken aback by the sudden deepness of Annie’s voice.
“Have you finished your modules?”
Vincent sagged at the shoulders. It wasn’t Annie at all – it was Mr. Watts.
“Yes, sir,” he said.
“Then I have news for you. You have been arranged a tour of Newsight.”
“Of the headquarters?” said Vincent.
“Indeed.” Mr. Watts curled his upper lip. “It appears you have found someone more useful than me. Where is your sister?”
Vincent turned back around toward Jessica’s modules. He scanned the dwindling crowd for a moment before spotting her. She was several doors away, talking to a boy from class.
“She just finished her modules as well,” said Vincent, turning back to Mr. Watts. “I’ll bring her here.”
“No need. Your transport is waiting out front.”
“Oh,” said Vincent. “All right.”
Mr. Watts nodded to him, expression still sour, then turned away. Vincent started in the direction opposite.
“… but you could make time.” The boy was still talking when Vincent reached them. “I can make time.”
“Thank you,” said Jessica. “But I can’t.” There was an edge of disappointment to her voice. “I’m sorry.”
The boy looked ready to press her further, then he saw Vincent. Casting Jessica one final look, he took off down the hall.
“What was that about?”
Jessica twisted around at the sound of Vincent’s voice. “Nothing,” she said, rather quickly.
Vincent frowned, then turned to watch the other boy walk away from them. He was quite tall, and sturdily built.
“Were you just talking to Mr. Watts?” asked Jessica, changing the subject.
“Yeah,” said Vincent, facing her again. Her pupils were as wide as Annie’s had been. “We got the tour.”
Jessica’s expression changed entirely. “Really? When do we go?”
“Right now.”
Jessica looked down the hall where Mr. Watts had just disappeared. “I didn’t think it would actually work.”
“I didn’t either,” said Vincent. “But the transport is outside.”
Jessica nodded as the last few stragglers passed them by. With the hallway now empty, they left the building through the side.
On the street Vincent spotted a transport with its ramp already lowered. “I guess that’s for us.”
Neither of them hesitated this time. They crossed over to it and climbed in.
“What do you think the employees will be like?” asked Jessica. 
Vincent didn’t need fingers drawing on his back to know she was talking about John. “No clue. But I’m guessing they won’t have name tags.”
Jessica snorted. “Probably not. There’ll be something though. We just have to be ready.”
Vincent said nothing in response. That John would give them some sort of signal was pure speculation. It seemed far more likely that he had no idea they were coming, or, more disturbing still, that he wasn’t in the building at all.
The topic remained unbroached for the rest of the ride, and minutes later they reached the Newsight tower. At the structure’s base was a convoy of three-wheeled officer transports. A group of gray-clad men climbed out of the foremost one and started through the main doors. Further down the street, a thin, spectacled man in all white was looking up at their pod. They came to a stop just in front of him, and the ramp lowered.
“Hello,” said the man. “You are Ben and Lena?”
“Yes, sir,” they said in unison.
“Out you come, then.” He made a beckoning motion as they climbed down the ramp. “We can’t take too long. I’m doing Derek a big enough favor as it is.”
When they were fully out, he shook their hands. “Roger,” he said. “Pleased to meet you.” His tone seemed more rushed than pleased.
“Nice to meet you as well,” said Jessica. “We’re excited.”
Roger grunted noncommittally and waved a shooing hand at the transport. He led the way toward the main entrance. “I appreciate the enthusiasm, but I should warn you that things may not be up to par. This last week has been hectic dealing with the hack. Terribly embarrassing. That man who claims to be the leader of the Order is public enemy number one. My department head arrived just this morning to lead the investigation.”
Vincent scanned the sides of the three-wheeled transports, thinking of the gray-clad men who had climbed out of them. He knew the answer to his question before it left his lips. “What department are you in?”
Roger puffed up importantly. “Privacy.”
Vincent swallowed a bit harder than normal. Marcus, the man with the piercing eyes they had spied on in Brian’s dome, was undoubtedly still Head of Privacy. If he saw them, they were as good as finished.
Vincent chanced a look at Jessica. She was staring at the three-wheeled transports, biting her bottom lip. 
“But Marcus is a whole stratosphere above me,” said Roger, “so don’t even think about asking for an introduction.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” said Vincent.
They left the convoy of transports behind them as they approached the entrance. When the door slid open, they crossed into an open space as wide and round as the Seclusion school. Perfectly white, the room was bare but for a receptionist’s desk off to the side and an enclosed, cylinder-shaped structure in the very center.
“This is the main lobby,” said Roger. He nodded to the structure ahead. “And that’s the transport tower. We’ll work our way up from there.” He led them in that direction, pausing to mutter a quick hello to the receptionist. As they walked, the ceiling of the lobby curled back and up, and when it had disappeared altogether, Vincent could see straight above them. Vertical glass chutes surrounded the transport tower’s perimeter, and outside the chutes, in the dozen or so yards to the encasing tower, was empty space.
Once in the room Roger pressed a button on the nearest chute, and a pod door slid open to receive them. “There are 186 stories,” he said, leading them into the pod, “but we’ll be concerned only with the top six.”
“What about all the others?” said Jessica.
“The first 180 stories are reserved for the Department of Research.”
Vincent waited for him to say something else, but nothing came.
“So what’s on the levels we can see?” asked Jessica.
Roger held his eye to a scanner, and a second later they began to rise. “The three other departments besides Research: Privacy, Product, and Strategy. Each occupies two floors.”
“What about Identification?” said Vincent.
“That’s a division of Privacy. But we’ll cover that when we get there. Our first stop is Product.”
Vincent nodded. Their ascent continued for several seconds before starting to slow.
“Might want to grab onto something,” said Roger.
Just as he said it, the pod jerked outward into open space. It hovered over thin air, just like the transports outdoors, before soaring across to the main, encasing tower. When they came to a stop, the pod door slid open.
“Here we are,” said Roger. They had arrived in a small room with a single door. When they stepped forward, the door parted down the middle. “Welcome to the Product level.”
The next room was an enormous maze of rounded cubicles. In each cubicle was a student-sized desk, and in each desk was an employee in the standard white uniform, back rigid and eyes blank. The crowd of them appeared to share in a single simulation.
Roger led the way onto a path just inside and motioned to the room at large, which seemed curved as part of a larger ring. “All Product employees fall under one of two divisions: Lenses or Alternative Products, and within these divisions they specialize in either growth: coming up with new features, or maintenance: making sure the existing features function properly.”
Vincent tried his best to look interested, but the longer he surveyed the sightless men and women in the cubicles, the more difficult the act became.
“Maintenance assesses customer issues,” continued Roger. “And Growth determines features most favorable to the consumer. The actual construction of these features, of course, is left to the developers.”
Jessica perked up at this. “Where do they work?”
“Research,” said Roger. By his tone, the topic was closed.
Vincent turned to the people in the cubicles. None of them had moved. “So if these employees aren’t developers, what are they doing?”
“They could be in a meeting,” said Roger. “Or on break.”
Vincent was preparing to press further when Roger started once again.
“So that’s the Product level. Let’s keep moving.”
“Already?” said Jessica. “We’ve been here for two minutes.”
“And you’ve seen the whole department. It’s just like this all the way around – this level and the one above. Might as well move on.” He took off ahead of them down the path. Helpless, they followed, Vincent still watching the clouded eyes of the men and women at the desks.
The three of them walked for almost a minute before they reached another transport room. Roger’s eyes went out of focus as he scanned them in. “So what did you think?” There was an eager glint in his eye as he said it. The small army of immobile men and women, from his perspective, must have been quite impressive.
“Interesting,” said Jessica.
“Cool,” said Vincent. Roger beamed with pride. Vincent felt sure he could have learned more from the modules back at school.
A moment later, an empty pod appeared in the opening next to them. Roger ushered them inside, and almost instantly, they moved out over the empty space between towers. Instead of crossing all the way to the central tower, though, they rose straight up, skipping a floor and re-entering at the one after.
“Now for my level,” said Roger as they came to a stop. “I bet you didn’t know Newsight has an entire department dedicated to privacy.”
Vincent and Jessica exchanged a look. Roger continued without seeming to notice, leading them into an anteroom similar to before.
“Most people have no idea, but as you’ll see, privacy is an enormous part of what we do.” 
He motioned forward, and the room’s door opened down a center seam. The space beyond took the same shape as the Product level, only here, there were no cubicles. The empty-eyed workers sat elbow to elbow and front to back in an endless grid, their shoulders rising and falling down the line like a wave, each breath out becoming the next breath in.
“Welcome to the Department of Privacy,” said Roger. He took point through the door and onto the path, producing a white, coin-shaped microphone and holding it to his lips. “Tour arriving.”
The entire grid of workers sat just a fraction straighter in their seats. Roger slipped the mic back into his pocket, and they continued to walk.
“The Department of Privacy is responsible for auditing the other departments. Marcus does his work with absolute discipline, and Fatrem prizes him for it.”
“Where does Fatrem work?” asked Vincent. “Research?”
Roger seemed not to hear the edge of sarcasm in Vincent’s tone. “Fatrem travels too frequently to work in any one location. When he is here, though, he is on one of the top two levels.”
“For Strategy,” said Jessica. Roger nodded, then turned from her in his typical, topic-closing way.
“Within the Department of Privacy,” he said, “there are two divisions: Monitoring and Identification. Thanks to the Monitoring Division, every Newsight employee is carefully watched. This is vital to—”
“Watched,” said Vincent. “You mean by software?”
“I mean by people. Through their Lenses.” Roger tapped the corner of his eye. “It’s the same with citizens, though we obviously can’t watch everyone at once. That’s where the software comes in. It flags individuals of interest, and those individuals become the responsibility of Identification.”
Vincent looked at the glazed-over eyes of the men and women in the desks, knowing, with a suffocating kind of dread, at least two of those eyes were watching through his own. Jessica scanned the employees as well, but she didn’t seem bothered. Her eyes were narrowed in concentration, unblinking and flitting from one face to the next.
“And both kinds of employees,” she said, “they work here?”
“Well Identification deals with extremely sensitive matters,” said Roger, “ID prints as well as flagged citizens, so their offices are kept confidential.”
Vincent deflated. He turned to Jessica, expecting to see a similar expression of disappointment, but she wasn’t looking at him. Her eyes continued to scan the men and women in the desks.
“Look,” said Roger, motioning ahead of them. “That’s a management meeting. If we wait, you might get to meet Marcus after all.”
Around the bend, the doors of a conference room had just been thrown open. Vincent slowed his pace on instinct. No one had exited, but the conversation inside seemed to be winding down.
“I think he’s here,” whispered Jessica.
“I know he is, we have to—”
“I’m not talking about Marcus.”
Roger turned back to them midstride, eyes crossing to focus on his Lenses. “Actually I just received a memo. It might be about him.”
Vincent looked down the path at the conference room entrance, then back at Jessica. She had resumed her inspection of the employees, breathing a bit faster than normal, feet shifting anxiously on the carpet. Slowly, as he followed her gaze, he began to realize.
“You think he’s here?”	
“I think so. We have to try and—”
“Nothing,” said Roger, eyes uncrossing. “Nothing from him, at least. But come on, we’ll wait outside anyway.” He started walking again, heading for the conference room. Jessica didn’t follow.
“How do you know?” asked Vincent.
“I saw someone stand. It must have been the signal.”
Vincent scanned the masses of white-clad workers – no one stirred. “Are you sure? Maybe—”
“I’m positive. It has to be him.”
“But Identification doesn’t work here.”
“I know that, I just have a feeling.”
“Your feeling will get us thrown out.”
“If we find him it won’t matter. I’m going to talk to him.”
“But if Marcus sees us—”
“He won’t see us. Just stall for me.”
“No, Lena!”
Vincent tried to stop her, but she veered off the path and out of his reach, dodging into the desks.
“Would you two quit whispering and …” Roger trailed off when he turned around, at first showing only annoyance, then, when he saw Vincent alone, something closer to fear. Vincent cast around for an explanation.
“She’s … she’s looking for a restroom. I told her to—”
“Stop,” hissed Roger. He was looking beyond Vincent, eyes scanning in search, settling in the direction Jessica had just taken off. “What is she doing?”
Already across the room, Jessica pushed through the seated employees, gaze focused somewhere straight ahead. 
Roger shot a look over his shoulder – the conference room had begun to clear. Cursing under his breath, he shoved Vincent to the side and started into the desks. “Lena! Lena get back here!”
Jessica slowed her pace but didn’t turn. She stopped next to a young employee with fogged-over eyes. She shook him by the shoulders.
Vincent regained his balance and took off after them. He squeezed through the body-width lane between the desks, jostled past the workers on either side, strained to catch up with Roger.
Jessica roused the employee from his daze. She whispered frantically in his ear but to no response.
“Lena stop!” Roger lunged for her and pulled her back by the suspenders. “What are you doing?”
Vincent arrived close behind with a clear view for the first time. The employee had bland eyes and a plain face, and was in all ways indistinguishable from his peers. He paid them a bored-looking glance before resuming his work.
“But …” Jessica watched in disbelief as the employee’s eyes glazed over, “… but he was standing.”
“He was stretching,” snapped Roger. “Look.” He pointed further along the ring where another employee had risen from his desk. The man did a few bends to either side before sitting down again. Jessica blinked fiercely as she watched him, as if willing him back to his feet.
“You’ve made me look like a fool,” said Roger. A man at a desk nearby looked up at them as they passed. “And you’ve disturbed my workers.” He pulled the mic from his front pocket and grabbed Vincent with the same hand that held Jessica, dragging them back the way they’d come. “I may not have any say over your trade but your brother’s trade is a different story. I will personally shred any Newsight application labeled ‘Ben Carlson’.”
At the sound of the name, another employee looked up, a woman this time. She met Vincent’s eyes with a clouded, uninterested glance, then resumed her sim-induced stupor. 
“Everyone,” said Roger, speaking into the mic, “please refocus on the …”
“Ben,” said Jessica.
Vincent continued to catch the fogged-over eyes of the workers, every empty look a drumbeat on his brain, a vibration of some lurking thought to the surface.
“Ben,” she prompted him again. “I’m sorry.”
The last two words fell mute in his mind under the echo of his borrowed name.
 “… I repeat,” Roger continued into the mic, “you will return to your work.”
Vincent inspected the employees’ eyes, their haze, their utter lack of recognition. They could all look up with the same expression of indifference, hear the names Ben and Lena Carlson as hollow syllables, and resume their toil. Except for John. He would recognize the names he had provided. He would know them.
“I apologize once again,” said Roger. “Thank you, and—”
Vincent wrested the mic from his grip. “Ben and Lena Carlson.” He said the names into the receiver with one hand, fought off Roger with the other.
“What are you—”
“Ben and Lena Carlson.” He repeated the names, holding the mic out of Roger’s reach. He scanned the employees around them for movement. John would stand – he would stand with some sort of signal.
“Ben and Lena—”
“Give me that!” Roger snatched the mic from his hands and thrust it back in his pocket. They had emerged onto the path, and the crowd of workers remained still. “Absolutely inexcusable, beyond inconsiderate of …”
Vincent’s heart sank at the sight of their motionless frames, then sank further still when he saw the path ahead. Men and women in high-collared jumpsuits poured from the conference room, followed close behind by a handful of Privacy Officers.
“… not to mention disrespectful of Derek. He stuck his neck out for you, and this is how you repay him?”
Vincent’s eyes darted from face to face as they passed, certain every man in gray would be Marcus.
“This is all to say nothing of your school. Disciplinary action will be—”
“Roger?” a man called out behind them.
Roger froze in his tracks. Vincent held his breath as they turned around, but the man who had spoken approached from the desks, not the conference room. He had a long, drooping face that was nearly as pale as his jumpsuit, and a general excess of skin that sagged from his doughy frame. His Lenses were afflicted with an even denser haze than his colleagues, rendering his eyes, but for the pupils, a smoky shade of gray.
Roger sighed impatiently. “What is it, William?”
The man wringed his hands, avoiding eye contact, as if speaking more to himself than to Roger. “It’s … probably nothing. In fact I’m sure I misheard. But when you were talking just now, in the announcement I mean, I could have sworn I heard the names of my children.”
Vincent’s lungs stopped mid-breath. He felt a wild urge to turn and sprint down the path.
“These two are your children?” said Roger.
Mr. Carlson looked at Vincent and Jessica for the first time, beholding them with a faded, confused look, squinting as if through a thick mist.
“I wouldn’t claim them either,” Roger said with a smirk. “They’ve caused me nothing but trouble. The girl even darted off halfway through the tour. She must have been looking for you.”
Mr. Carlson perked up at this, eyes fluttering into focus. “You were looking for me?”
Jessica frowned and parted her lips but said nothing. Vincent stayed quiet as well, hoping silence would preserve whatever mirage the man was inside.
“It has been a long time, hasn’t it?” Mr. Carlson tilted his head, studying them through fogged eyes. “Years.”
Jessica’s frown started to fade, and Vincent began to breathe again, muscles no longer so tense. 
“Well I can assure you you’re not missing out,” said Roger, businesslike once more. “And we were actually just leaving so—”
 “Let’s spend the weekend together.” Mr. Carlson turned to Vincent as he spoke. The haze over his eyes, if just a layer of it, had begun to clear. “In the residences, just the three of us.”
Vincent opened his mouth to respond but found his tongue too dry to form words. Mr. Carlson winced at the hesitation.
“Of course if you’d rather not, I would understand.”
Vincent hesitated a moment longer, saw the stillness of the man’s shoulders, the flitting back and forth of his eyes while he waited, and, after a pause, the resigned nodding of his head.
“It was silly of me to ask. I’m sorry.”
Vincent felt an inexplicable rush of guilt as the man turned away, then had a sudden thought. “Sir?”
Mr. Carlson looked back with his gaze a bit glassier than before. Roger let out an exasperated sigh.
“That’s well past enough. We’re leaving.” He pulled on Vincent’s overalls, but Vincent stayed where he was, still staring at Mr. Carlson.
“We’ll stay with you,” he said.
Jessica’s eyes grew wide with alarm. “Ben, what are you doing?”
Vincent ignored her. If they were to come back to the headquarters to look for John, they would need a way in, and Mr. Carlson was their only option, whatever the risk. “We’ll stay with you,” he repeated.
Mr. Carlson raised a brow in surprise. “Really?”
Vincent nodded, avoiding another of Jessica’s questioning looks.
“That would be great. I won’t be home until later this evening, but we’ll have all day tomorrow.”
Roger rolled his eyes. “Lovely. Now back to work, William.” He yanked Vincent’s suspenders, and the three of them started down the path. Mr. Carlson gave them one last nod before sitting down at his desk, smiling as he resumed his surveillance.
Chapter 15 – The Residences
Roger didn’t let go of them until they were outside on the street. “I’ll see to it that the school devises a punishment for both of you. And for you,” he looked at Vincent, “have fun starting over in a new trade.” He smirked, then started back for the doors of the lobby.
Jessica waited until he was out of earshot. “The residences? What were you thinking?”
Vincent shrugged. “We needed someone inside.”
“But why him?”
“Do you have another option?”
“That’s not the point.”
Vincent exhaled and looked up at the top floors of the tower. He knew all too well what her point was. Even if Mr. Carlson hadn’t seen his children for a decade, he wouldn’t be fooled by borrowed ID prints indefinitely.
“It’s just for the weekend,” said Vincent. “Really just tomorrow. We’ll be all right.”
Jessica watched the doors of the lobby, brow still creased with concern, as if expecting Mr. Carlson to come hurtling out after them. She took a deep breath. “Okay.”
Seeming in silent agreement that a claustrophobic transport, after the densely packed desks of the Privacy level, carried little appeal, they started forward on foot. It took them just a quarter of an hour to get through the rest of the working sector, but once they passed into the recreation ring, progress slowed to a creep. Under flashy storefronts and blinking neon signs, hordes of citizens clogged the streets to book lodging for their free Newsim. They congregated around alluring booths at the bottoms of the towers – the circular ones they had seen from above with Derek – vying for attention from the women in tight white dresses. After well over an hour of pushing through the traffic, Vincent and Jessica arrived at the base of the flat-topped mushroom structure Derek had called the residences.
“It’s bigger up close,” said Jessica.
The towers were full skyscrapers, not just the narrow support beams for the disc they supported above.
“He didn’t say where we’re supposed to go, did he?”
Vincent shook his head. He peered through the maze of towers toward the center. A larger tower – almost twice the size of the others – was open all along the bottom story, completely transparent as the Newsight lobby had been. “Let’s try there,” he said.
They continued on, and as they entered the shade cast by the saucer above, they could see the towers clearly for the first time. The bases of them were surrounded by what looked like Seclusion domes, only these domes fluttered in the breeze.
“What are those?” asked Jessica.
Vincent shrugged. He was less interested in the domes themselves than the people sitting outside them: the men and women with glazed-over eyes in plain, rigid chairs. Their stares were blank and their mouths slightly agape. If not for the occasional rise and fall of the people’s stomachs, Vincent may have begun feeling for pulses.
They continued to walk in silence. The only sound came from the flapping of the domes’ fabric-like material in the wind.
When the doors of the lobby slid open to receive them, the eerie quiet of the outside was replaced by the soft, echoing cry of infants. The room, nearly double the size of the Newsight lobby, was filled with children, most of whom were accompanied by at least one parent. Some leaned back against the glass perimeter of the space; some simply stretched out in the middle of the tile floor. Judging by the style – and state – of their clothes, Vincent had a decent guess as to where the people were from.
“I guess these are the start-up packages everyone was looking forward to,” he said. He looked at the small white bags at the children’s feet, the ones the escorts had handed the new families when they first arrived in Hux. Most of the bags had already been torn open so only their wrappers remained, but a few still contained the product inside: stacks of cards, each with writing at the top and a long, complicated code below. The one nearest – at the feet of a man whose eyes had rolled back into his head, and whose small child lay next to him, sniffling – was close enough to read. At the top of the card, above the code, the thing was labeled Newsim.
“Ben,” said Jessica.
Vincent had stopped; his eyes were locked on the child. It was exceptionally still.
Jessica pulled at his sleeve. “Look.”
He turned to her, then followed her finger. Just a few steps from them, sprawled out among the others with his daughter, was Jim, the man they’d met when entering the city. His eyes were glazed over, but they hadn’t rolled back quite as far as those of the man with the infant – they were looking up at Vincent.
“I remember you,” said Jim. His voice wasn’t the loud, booming one from outside the halos. It was soft, unsure.
“Hi, Jim.” Vincent spoke quietly, just above a whisper, afraid too loud a noise would shatter the blood-tinted Lenses in Jim’s eyes.
“Have you tried these?” asked Jim. He held up one of the empty wrappers from the Newsim access cards.
“I have.” Vincent noticed for the first time how many of the wrappers there were – Jim’s daughter was nearly covered with them. “How many have you done?”
Jim shrugged. The movement seemed to require a great deal of effort for him. “I haven’t kept track. But they pass the time while the residences find us a place to live.”
“This is where they’re keeping you?” asked Jessica. “In the lobby?”
“For the families with children,” said Jim. “Everyone else stays in the tents outside.”
Vincent thought of the cloth-made domes surrounding the towers. The only people he had seen there had been adults.
“What about Tina?” asked Jessica. “Is she in one of the tents?”
Jim shook his head. He jostled his daughter next to him as he moved, but she didn’t stir. “She isn’t with us. She’s in quarantine with some sort of virus.” He paused to catch his breath. “She’ll join us as soon as she’s cured.”
Vincent bit the inside of his cheek. Jim’s wife had seemed perfectly healthy at the checkpoint – Jim had said it himself – and Newsight had diagnosed her anyway. About what the diagnosis was or what the treatment would be, Vincent did not have a good feeling.
“Now, you’ll have to excuse me.” Jim fumbled in a bag propped up against his daughter’s head. “I’m going to enter another sim.” He paused, holding up the access code he had just retrieved. “It was good to see you.” His eyes went out of focus, hesitated there, then rolled back into his head. Jessica tugged at Vincent’s sleeve, and he let himself be pulled away.
They wound through the other motionless families in the lobby until they reached the front desk. After identifying them with the same club-shaped stick the Guard had used, the receptionist told them their suite number and directed them to a room of transports. Neither of them spoke during the ride up. What words they may have said were, under surveillance, better to remain as thoughts.
The pod took them to a bright hallway where a door with their number on it was directly across from them. Stepping forward, Vincent held his right eye to the door’s scanner, but just as the screen blinked in response, his vision went black, showing only the rotating eye of Newsight across either Lens. A sweet voice spoke from off-screen.
“This is a Newsight public announcement.”
After a pause, the sim shifted to the same cramped room they had seen in the classroom hack: the single chair, the mounted camera, the lamp. The man from the previous announcement was already seated, posture slumped and still, head tilted limply to the side. A trio of white-uniformed members of the Guard rifled through his clothes, obscuring the better part of his face.
“After apprehending the Seclusion bomber this morning,” the voice continued, “Newsight collaborated with the Guard to go after the Order’s leader.”
The feed changed. Marcus stood in front of the Newsight tower, attempting to climb into his convoy of transports, but being blocked by reporters. Relenting, he paused for a comment.
“The issue with the hack has been extremely embarrassing,” he said. “We made our resolution of the matter a priority, and we were rewarded for doing so. Let this serve as a message to the rest of the Order.”
He broke through the crowd, and climbed into the transport. The image returned to the small room and the man in the chair.
“With the combined specialties of the Guard and Newsight,” the woman continued, “the raid of the Order’s headquarters was successful. Their leader, though killed in the crossfire, was able to be identified.”
In unison, as if cued, the members of the Guard stepped back from the man, exposing him fully for the first time. His face was pale and his hair was wiry and unkempt. The skin of his cheeks was flat against the bone, and the area above, the eyes alleged to have been gouged out by the man himself, were very much present. They were bloodshot, with perfect circles of red around where his Lenses ended, and with a dead, sightless stare directed straight at the camera. He looked different, but Vincent would recognize the man anywhere. It was not George Goodwin – it was Father.
“Senator Tom Smith has been directly implicated in the Order’s recent attacks,” said the narrator. “Evidence is still forthcoming, but the Guard expects to find traces of Smith’s involvement as far back as a decade.”
Vincent could feel his heartbeat in a vein in his temple. It throbbed against his skull like a liquid drum, but he was numb to it. He had attention only for the sim, for the blank, vacant stare of his father.
“We apologize for any trauma these unwanted appearances have caused,” said the woman, “and we promise to do better in the future. Have a great evening.”
The hollowed cheeks and pale skin of Tom Smith disappeared, and the hallway returned. The door had already opened, but Vincent stayed where he was. A lump began to swell in his throat as he processed the woman’s words. Father was dead, and with him out of the way, Newsight would have no reason to keep Mother as leverage.
“Ben?” said Jessica.
Vincent didn’t look at her. “It’s not true what they’re saying. You know that, right? They’re using him.”
“I … I don’t think we should talk about—”
“There you are!” Mr. Carlson rounded the corner from inside, wearing a broad grin.
In the first second Vincent was too shocked to speak, and in the next, too disgusted and angered by the man’s out of place smile even to look him in the face.
“Mr. Carlson,” Jessica said in surprise. “We thought you wouldn’t be home until late.”
“So did I, but I managed to get free. Now come in. It must be ages since you last saw the apartment.”
He grabbed them both by the wrists and pulled them inside. The living room and kitchen beside it were both standard: the usual Newsight white and open-concept style. The ceiling, however, was far from typical. The entire thing served as an enormous window, no beams or supports, only glass, and beyond that only sky.
“It’s in the very center of the disc, but the view is nearly as good as the edges.”
“It’s …” Jessica trailed off, gaze lingering on Vincent, eyes glassy with tears. “It’s great.”
Mr. Carlson had already pressed into the living room, expression glued into a grin. “Very good, very good. Now are you two hungry? How about I take us to dinner?”
He looked at Vincent as he spoke but received only a blank stare in return. Vincent could offer nothing else – he hadn’t fully registered the man’s presence. It seemed somehow impossible to him, somehow cruel.
“We’re tired,” said Jessica. “We should really get some sleep.”
“But it’s not even 7:00 yet. Ben, you’ll go with me at least?”
At this direct appeal, Vincent could avoid a reply no longer. “No, sir. I was planning on going to bed.”
“Well surely you can postpone that an hour. We don’t have to go far.”
“I’m sorry, sir, I can’t.”
“But there’s this place in the recreation ring that—”
“Sir I told you—”
“—terrific service and—”
“Mr. Carlson.”
The man sighed. “For heaven’s sake, enough with the ‘sirs’ and ‘Mr. Carlsons’. I know I’ve not been there for you, but you can still call me Father.”
The word sucked the warmth from the room. Vincent felt his cheeks burning red. “I will not,” he strained to keep his voice level, “call you Father.”
“Ben this is hard for me too.”
“I’m not going to call you that.”
“But there are some things you can’t change.”
Vincent shook his head, repeating the same words as before, tears rising to his eyes.
“I’m your father, Ben.” 
“Stop!” Vincent snapped what little composure he had left. His pitch strained and broke and his voice neared a shout. “Please stop. I just want to go to bed. I don’t care what you say, you’re not my—”
He caught himself before the last word, but it didn’t seem to make a difference. Mr. Carlson’s paternal smile fell into a frown, something closer to confusion than disappointment. “But you came to the headquarters. You were looking for me.”
“No we weren’t,” said Vincent. “We didn’t even know where you worked.”
Jessica wore a worried look but said nothing. Mr. Carlson had eyes only for Vincent. 
 “I know I’ve wronged you,” he said, “both of you. And I know I don’t deserve a second chance, but we’re together now.”
“We didn’t want to be together with you. You’re not who we were looking for.”
“Then I can be different, I can—”
“Not …” Vincent halted his voice from rising again, clenched his hands into fists. He had to concentrate to focus past the blood beating in his temple. “We do not need different. We need someone else.”
Mr. Carlson recoiled from Vincent’s words, shrinking at the shoulders with his eyes low, though not low enough to hide the tears gathering there. He seemed on the verge of speech, mouth open and lips trembling, but never quite managed to form words, and with one last glance at Vincent he turned and left the room.
Vincent let out a breath when the man had gone, but he could feel only an odd sort of guilt, could see only the unending image of his real father, the sightless eyes, the pale skin …
“I’m sorry, Ben,” said Jessica. She hesitated when Vincent didn’t look at her, then wrapped her arms around him. “Goodnight.”
She released him a second later and disappeared through the living room.
Something swelled in Vincent’s throat, but the tears didn’t come. They remained dammed behind his Lenses, held there by faint thoughts of the small brown house, of his parents and seeing them again around their simulated dinner table.
His eyes navigated to the sim library. He scrolled to the bottom of the list and hovered over the thumbnail for Newsim. The white emblem of an eye stared back at him, seeming to lull him in, to urge him onward with each trance-like rotation. But he paused. Just moments ago that same eye had carried no promise of escape or pleasure as it did now. Moments ago it had carried only pain. 
He thought of Jim and his daughter and all the others in the lobby far below, of their fogged-over eyes and limply parted lips, of their false dreams given by false simulations.
He thought once again of the small brown house, of his father and mother waiting for him inside, and the feeble dam holding his tears began to falter.
*  *  *  *  *  *
Vincent’s eyes flashed open just in time to see the white stick being pressed against his temple. His Lenses fired with a sharp, icy chill then exploded with white light. He was completely blind as a rough pair of hands jerked him from his bed. Blind, still, as a different set of hands closed over his mouth.
“Your Newsims indicate the presence of a virus,” said a voice above him. “You are being quarantined.”
Vincent tried to say something back, but the hand on his face held the words in his throat. He tried to lash out instead, but his limbs felt as if they had been detached from him, useless and completely immobile in the vice-like grips of his captors. Growing desperate, he was preparing to bite the hand over his mouth when the white light began to fade and his vision began to clear. Above him, he could start to make out the men dragging him. They were little more than silhouettes in the dark, but he could see the color of their uniforms clearly nonetheless. He could see the gray. 
Vincent doubled his struggle, which amounted to little more than a slight inconvenience to the men holding him. By the time they reached the main room, Vincent’s captors hadn’t broken stride.
The door across the room slid open, and another huddle of men emerged with Jessica, whose eyes had only just begun to return from pure white.
“What are you doing?” someone shouted. 
Vincent couldn’t see who spoke; his captors were standing in the way.
“Let my children go!”
Mr. Carlson had emerged from the master bedroom, hauled by his own rough escort.
“Don’t you touch them!” he shouted again, struggling in vain as his captors towed him forward. 
They were almost to the door. They would go to the transport pods, maybe even walk through the front lobby. It was the weekend – no one would wake up from their simulations.
The main door slid open. They started out into the hall—
The silence of the room split down the middle with an ear-splitting explosion.
Vincent struggled to look back, but his captors held fast. Some of them turned, raising their short white clubs, only to crumple where they stood. There was a chorus of muffled thuds as the officers fell, one by one, and their grips went limp. It took Vincent a moment to realize he was no longer being held. He turned around. The glass ceiling now lay in dagger-shaped shards on the floor, and where it had once been was a pair of military-dressed transports. Out the doors hung half a dozen gun-wielding men, while another, who looked suspiciously like Brian, had already started down the ramp.
“John,” whispered Jessica.
Taller and broader-shouldered than his brother, and wearing a roguish, reckless kind of grin, John crossed over to them.
“You have THE SIM?” he asked.
Without a word, Vincent held out his left wrist. The Lens case flickered as if in anticipation, then fell into John’s outstretched hand.
“How did you find us?” asked Jessica.
John pocketed THE SIM and turned to Mr. Carlson. “I had help.”
Mr. Carlson cast them a cautious, humble look as he got to his feet. “You said you were looking for someone else, so I messaged all of my colleagues. Only one knew you by name.”
“You messaged everyone in the headquarters?” said Jessica.
“If I wasn’t who you wanted,” said Mr. Carlson, shrugging, “I had to find who was.” He looked at Vincent as he spoke, eyes leaking tears onto tremoring lips. “I—”
There was an explosion under his feet, and he plummeted through the floor, words and screams alike lost in the blast. Where he’d just disappeared, ladders rose through the smoke, then Privacy Officers.
John dragged Vincent and Jessica into the kitchen, a pistol freshly pulled from his belt. “Get to the transport!” He had to shout to be heard over the racket. “Go!”
He joined his companions flocking to the scene with his weapon already drawn, already firing. Before Vincent and Jessica could follow, a large, square-jawed man took them by the wrists and towed them to the transport.
Vincent resisted and stared at the spot where Mr. Carlson had just been, and where now there were nothing but flames and gray jumpsuits.
“Your Lenses need darkened!” shouted the man.
“They already have been!” Vincent shouted back.
“Not by us.” The man pulled a black version of the Officer clubs from his jacket. Vincent shouted a protest, but his words fell mute under a crescendo of gunshots. A second later the tip of the club was at his temple, and his vision went black. The same chill as before engulfed his Lenses, freezing them to his eyes. He sagged against the man guiding them, eyelids drooping with fatigue, the gunfire coming muffled and slowed, and by the time they stumbled up the ramp, he was gone.
Part III – The Order
Chapter 16 – THE SIM
The place reminded Vincent of Simon’s cellar – the walls were dark and damp, the floor was slick and streaked with mud, and the air clung to one’s skin like a thick sweat. Here, however, the space was not so cramped. It was taller and longer and curved in the shape of a tunnel.
Jessica was next to him, propped, as he was, against a giant metal grate. Ahead of them a rusted table sat along the left wall, a tattered black curtain hung from the ceiling.
“Wake her.”
Vincent whipped his head in the direction of the voice. Opposite the table, John stood in shadow. Vincent had looked right past him.
“Now,” said John. “We have work to do.”
Flustered, Vincent turned to Jessica, but she had already stirred from the voices, blinking a few times before opening her eyes all the way.
“Where are we?” she asked.
“The base of the Order,” said John, eyeing the curved and grime-stained walls. “Sewers in a city ‘we’ bombed out of existence. We call them tunnels.”
Jessica looked up at John, face fraught with confusion. “How did we get here?”
“Transports. We flew for over an hour.”
“So we’re close to the border,” joined Vincent. “Are we leaving? Are we going for help?”
“There is no guarantee of help beyond the border. And besides, we would be spotted long before we got there.”
“Then how did we get out of Hux? How did they not track us? How did we pass the—”
“Easy,” said John, grinning. He had a calm, confident way about him that reminded Vincent of Brian. “Our transports can evade Newsight satellites. For short trips, at least.”
“So we can go to the Seclusion,” said Jessica hopefully. “We can rescue my dad.”
“In time. But first there are questions that need answering.” John raised the plastic Lens case of THE SIM. “How did you find this?”
“Your brother,” said Jessica. “He told us where it was.”
John tilted his head back in a silent question. He looked at them both. “Brian told you?”
Vincent and Jessica both nodded. John looked away from them, his gaze locked on a puddle leaking from the grate.
“Were you with him in any of your Newsims? Or my mother?”
They shook their heads. “No,” said Vincent. “Why?”
John took a breath. “You’ll have been told how Newsims work – they detect what the user wants to experience – but you won’t have been told why. This detection isn’t for the user’s benefit, it’s for Newsight’s. They monitor each Newsim closely, and any suspicious activity is reported and tracked.”
“And flagged,” said Jessica.
John nodded. “That’s why I asked about Brian and my mother. If either of you were with them in your Newsims, and you spoke about the Order, they could be in danger.”
Vincent cocked his head with his brow furrowed. “They? But Brian … did Lynn not tell you—”
“I never saw them,” cut in Jessica. Vincent turned to her, confused, but she continued without looking at him. “I was with my dad. My mom was still alive, too. We were working on our transport to take it off the grid.”
John nodded, relaxing a little. He turned to Vincent. “And you?” he prompted.
 Vincent watched Jessica for a moment longer, frowning. “I was with my parents, too,” he said after a pause. “We were just talking. Maybe about things we shouldn’t have been.”
“It’s all right,” said John. “That doesn’t matter now. My family is safe, and so are you.”
Vincent turned once again to Jessica. She refused to look at him.
“You cut it close, though,” continued John. “I couldn’t get to you in time when I heard your names in the HQ. Had Mr. Carlson not contacted me I may never have found you, and THE SIM and all our hope against Newsight may have been lost. As it is, Goodwin is very pleased.”
“So he is real,” said Vincent, pulling his gaze from Jessica. “Goodwin?”
John smiled and tossed Vincent THE SIM. “It’s all in there. Every question you have will be detected before you ask.” He started for the curtain but paused when Vincent called out to him.
“But how can we watch it? They darkened our Lenses.”
“We darkened them, too,” said John. “You’re on our network now. You can communicate with other members of the Order and watch whatever sim you like. Newsight is blind.” He shot them one last smile, and he was gone.
Before the curtain had settled Jessica was reaching for THE SIM. Vincent closed his fist around it before she could take it.
“What are you doing?” he asked.
“He said we could watch it. I’m just—”
“Not that,” said Vincent. He motioned to the curtain. “With John. Why didn’t you let me tell him?”
Jessica looked up at him for the first time. “I didn’t want to ruin everything. What happened to Brian was my fault and John would—”
“It wasn’t your fault,” said Vincent.
Jessica said nothing. She merely stared weakly back at him, her eyes wide and glistening at the corners. In the dim yellow glow of the bulbs above, Vincent could see the hurt hiding under her Lenses. The guilt.
“Jessica it wasn’t your fault.” His voice was softer now, his words fading as quickly as the dripping behind the grate. “It wasn’t. He’ll understand that.”
Jessica looked up at the curtain where John had just disappeared. She didn’t seem convinced.
“I can be the one to tell him,” said Vincent.
“No. I’ll tell him.” She turned away from the curtain, back to Vincent’s closed fist. “But after this.”
As if by a switch she seemed composed again, but Vincent wasn’t fooled. He could read the emotion in her face just as he had learned to detect the slight shake in her voice.
“There will be a better time,” pressed Jessica. “Just not now.”
Vincent watched her for a second longer, then glanced at the curtain.
“Here.” She placed her hands on his and gently pulled his fingers open. Before he had turned back to her, she had lifted the case from his palm and unsealed the top.
“Brian would want us to watch it,” she said.
Vincent looked down at the thin, miniature Lenses in the container. “And we’ll tell John?”
“We will. Soon.”
Vincent watched her for a moment more, then took a breath. He nodded. 
A second later one of the prints was over his right eye. His vision was wiped of the tunnel and replaced with a loading screen different than normal: a pitch-black circle over a white background, no rotation, no movement. And then the circle was gone. He was in the small brown house with his elbows on the wooden dinner table, his eyes on the worry-worn face of his father.
“Hello, son.”
Vincent glanced around the table, expecting to find Jessica there with him but finding no one but Father.
“She is experiencing THE SIM in her own way. We are alone.”
Vincent stared open-mouthed at the man before him. He was no projection. He carried no hint of falseness or fabrication, only the real flesh Vincent had always known, only the temptation of life soon to be snatched away. “You’re not real.”
Father smiled sympathetically. “I am part of the simulation. What you learn here will be foreign, so it is best to come from someone familiar.”
Vincent’s last meager amount of hope disappeared. His mind wandered back to the image of Father he last knew: the lifeless, blood-stained body in the chair, the sallow skin and sightless eyes.
“I know your questions,” continued Father. “Some cannot be answered. Some must not be answered. But the rest, I endeavor to attempt.” He smiled, warm and genuine in spite of his stilted language. “Let us begin.”
The table swam with movement at these last words. Its surface became dark and glossy, forming a liquidy black circle like that from the loading screen.
“Aldous Fatrem founded Newsight some fifty years ago with his invention of Lenses. He has since expanded the company’s product line far beyond Lenses, and far beyond what is visible to the public.”
The table’s surface pulsed and glinted with life, no more seeming so solid. Vincent stared down into it, feeling for some reason that his stare was returned, but Father continued unfazed.
 “Transports, we knew. Defense systems, we knew. But on the other side of defense, in the realm of arms, we had but dreamed. Our awakening came when our agents found enough Seclusion factories to arm a terrorist organization. Now we know Newsight has not just armed such an organization; it has become one.”
The black surface of the table began to shrink inward, exposing beyond its borders a white perimeter, and beyond that a larger ellipse until the very shape of the wood had changed, and an image of the Newsight eye stared up at them.
 “Thus, Newsight began acting in the name of its main resistance: the Order.”
The table and eye vanished as one, and Vincent looked up. They were outside, but the sun was a puddle of black, the colors beneath it a shade darker than usual, the very air a thick, shadowy haze.
“Doing so was only a slight escalation from the true Order’s actions. Beyond its peaceful protests, the true Order had released threats, even launched attacks of its own. It was this violent tendency that allowed Fatrem’s plan a smooth execution.
“Newsight’s first attacks came against its own factories.” Father pointed across the gray, lifeless plain on which they stood, toward an enormous, hemisphere dome in the distance. As soon as he did, the sky split with a black streak, and the dome exploded.
“It didn’t take much investigation for the public to suspect the Order, and when the attacks continued, some against more Newsight locations, others against areas high in Newsight support, the Order’s guilt was undeniable.
“By undermining the name of the Order, Newsight solved its first problem: the presence of protestors.”
The plain was gone, and they were at the doors of a capitol building. Men and women with white picket signs stood on the steps. Members of the Guard sprayed them with jet streams of black liquid, the drops of which sank without mark into the ground, the targets of which, the people with the signs, faded as apparitions into smoke.
“But there were more obstacles to overcome.”
They were in a Senate hearing, strangely mobile as they soared from row to row, drifting from man to man so close as to see the rims of Lenses.
“With Lenses, Newsight could access everything about every user: where he goes, who he sees, what food he shoves down his throat. But the Senate and the city governments restricted the kind of information Newsight collected. Fatrem had built an empire of data, but his kingdom had been sealed from him.”
Their movement came to a stop in the center of the gathering. A screen at the front of the room seemed to act out Father’s words as he spoke, with ever more gruesome images, ever more unnatural explosions of black.
“And so Newsight’s attacks became part of a larger campaign. Their targets expanded from Newsight-related to civilian, from civilian to political. Members of the Order, at first perceived only as protesters, were now considered terrorists. The Guard made every effort in retaliation but achieved only meager results. The public grew restless. They wanted justice; they wanted blood. And who else should offer their help?”
The senate and screen disappeared, and the scent of fresh air entered Vincent’s nostrils. They stood outside of Hux with their eyes trained upward on the tower-width halos.
“Newsight began approaching municipalities, insisting that, with the right data, and with total participation in the Lens standard, it could find the secret members of the Order and put a stop to the violence. The pressure on governments to mandate the wearing of Lenses increased with every attack, and eventually, at the urging of the public, it grew too great to resist.”
Their focus panned to the would-be citizens in lines outside the kiosks, the men and women with eyes soon to be cloaked in glass.
“City after city gave in – they required their citizens to wear Lenses; they gave Newsight access to the data – and each was rewarded with relative peace. And thus was solved Newsight’s problem of information. In exchange for catching the perpetrators of the violence it itself manufactures, Newsight receives more data than any one man could possibly conceive.”
Strings of white digits tore through the air until they formed whole walls of white. Vincent had to shield his eyes from the brightness as he surveyed their new surroundings. They were at the front of an empty Seclusion classroom.
“And still, Newsight’s reign was not solidified, for even after vanquishing the true Order and reclaiming its data, there remained one final challenge: the people.”
Students in white overalls appeared in the desks, eyes fixed forward with attention.
“These people, as supposed by Newsight, fall into one of two types, and must be controlled by one of two means. The first type, the majority –” the students shifted at the word, expressions soft and bland – “prioritizes happiness over freedom, and is by far the larger of the two types. The majority, with their systemic lack of motivation and craving of leisure, are most easily controlled if kept in a state of bliss.”
The eyes of one of the students grew wide, his lips parted with joy. In the glass of his Lenses flashed black, ghost-like images too blurred to discern.
“Therefore, Newsight created Newsim: simulations to provide customizable, virtual experiences with no effort on the part of the user.”
The student in the sim disappeared and his classmates followed suit, leaving in their wake a single girl in the back row.
“The second type, the minority, prioritizes freedom over happiness, and is significantly fewer than the majority. Controlling people of this type requires careful cultivation of two traits: intellect and desire for fulfillment. The minority are unsatisfied by meaningless leisure, and must therefore be crushed.”
A drip of black escaped from the girl’s pupils. She shook at the shoulders as the color gushed out, going still only when every bit of her Lenses had been covered. 
“Given the existence of these two distinct types, and assuming the ultimate aim is ultimate control, the most reasonable course of action for Newsight once again lies in the Order.”
The classroom was gone, and dead-looking fields flew by beneath them, as if scrolling under their feet on a wheel. Lit in every square inch by the unnatural black flames, farms and open roads lay in ruin.
“Newsight focused its attacks on the outskirts of society, until all who remained resided in the cities.”
The motion ceased, and they stood on an urban, tar-repaired sidewalk in the bustle of pedestrians. Down from a clear sky floated dozens of pamphlets of paper, bundled neatly at the edges and supported by small black parachutes.
“One by one, the cities received their warnings: join our fight against Newsight or die – there is, of course, no way of joining the fight – and one by one their inhabitants either fled to standard cities –” the paper pamphlets caught fire, their floating descent became rapid and fierce, the crowd was engulfed in a black blaze – “or they have perished. What results is a population concentrated in large, easily surveilled settlements. This provides the perfect opportunity for sorting.”
The blaze cleared, exposing not the sidewalk but the inside of a halo where Vincent and Jessica had been scanned by the Guard, and where now crowds of families underwent the same process.
“When driven into a Newsight stronghold by the Order’s warnings, every man, woman, and child is subjected to review. Those judged to be in the majority are allowed to stay in the city, while those judged to be in the minority are sent to a Seclusion.”
A young boy, after being scanned, was yanked from the line by a Guard and dragged down a side hall. His family marched forward without notice.
“After sorting, the majority are protected by Newsight, and so grow enamored in gratitude. This love is how Newsight maintains control in the cities, but that is only half of its effort. Its mantra requires a second part as well.”
They followed the family through the doors, and above them on the inner rim of the halo were the words: THERE IS NO LOVE WITHOUT HATRED.
“Newsight believes that for any individual to offer love, he must also offer hate. For this reason, Newsight ensures citizens of the cities maintain a healthy hatred of the Order. If the residents for some reason begin to forget this hatred, they are reminded of it.”
As the family walked, a dagger of black stabbed down through the sky and lit the ground ablaze. The air bubbled with tar-like flames in a tempest of color, like a painting gone liquid and shaken from the outside, and there was darkness.
“Thus, Newsight can continue to be loved, and the cities can continue to be controlled.”
They were back in the halo, walking alongside the boy being dragged by the Guard.
“The minority, besides those inhabitants of Newsight’s own Seclusion, are removed from their families.”
They were with the boy in a factory. The air was thick with gray smog, the assembly line with grease and the skin of the workers with soot.
“They are underfed, mistreated, tortured, and filled with terror. This fear is how Newsight maintains control in the Seclusions, but, like in the cities, Newsight requires something else as well.”
Their gaze fell upon the archway of the factory exit, where a single line was inscribed: THERE IS NO FEAR WITHOUT HOPE.
“Newsight believes no man can fear his captors without first having some small hope of freedom. For this reason, Newsight encourages the slim but ever-present promise of escape. If Seclusion residents begin to lose their hope for this escape, they are given hope anew.”
One of the workers burst from the line, evaded the halfhearted capture of the Officers around him, and bolted from the factory. His peers brightened in their soot-stained faces and turned with determined zeal to the Officers. While they struggled, and while they were easily suppressed, the man who had escaped was clandestinely towed back inside, his eyes sightless and his forehead painted with a grim circle of black blood.
“Thus, Newsight can continue to be feared, and the Seclusions can continue to be controlled.
“Newsight’s three main problems – the presence of protestors, the restriction of data, and the existence of the types – have been comprehensively solved by the conversion of the Order to a terrorist group. Newsight’s Order, however, is a farce. The true Order –” the mob of malnourished workers became a circle of black, and that circle the dinner table in the small brown house – “is far different.”
They were back in the kitchen. Vincent spun in his seat, clutching to the wood with white knuckles. Father continued.
“The Order does exist, and it is resolved against the aims of the enemy. However, this does not make the prospects of victory any less daunting. Though little is certain of the outside world, hints have been breathed of two ruling lens-producers besides Newsight. Foreign help, consequently, is out of the question. We must defeat our own giant, and we must do so alone.”
Father straightened in his seat as he finished, a finality creeping into his eyes that Vincent knew all too well. 
“But how? What can we do?”
“If you are watching this simulation, you are now of the Order.” Father continued without looking at Vincent. His words grew hoarse and deep until the voice that spoke was no longer his own. “You have joined the fight against the corporation called Newsight.”
“Father,” Vincent prompted him. “I still—”
“The Lenses will be removed and the world will see once more.”
“Just wait.” Vincent reached for him from across the table. “Father!”
The kitchen disappeared in a wave of darkness, and the tunnel returned.
“The Lenses will be removed, and the world will see once more.”
The last line of THE SIM was recited again by the same, deep voice that had come from Father. Vincent blinked several times to make sure the simulation had ended. He blinked several times more when a tall, wrinkled man with hollowed-out pits for eyes walked through the curtain. He knew without question this was the owner of the deep voice.
“My name is George Goodwin,” the man said. “Welcome to the Order.”
Chapter 17 – The Order
Goodwin walked forward, the charred black craters in his head facing the floor at an angle, his long fingers grazing the tunnel wall for support. “I must thank you for protecting THE SIMULATION. The data it contains is invaluable, and far vaster than what you have just experienced.” He stopped several feet from them, making a rising motion with his hands. “Now bring it with you. We are leaving.”
Vincent plucked the print from his right Lens and dropped it back in the case. Jessica did the same and by the time they stood, Goodwin had already disappeared through the curtain. They followed him, having to glance in either direction before seeing him, on the left, continuing to trace the wall down the tunnel.
“You would do well to thank Johnathan,” said Goodwin when he heard them approaching. “His actions led you here.”
Vincent looked around them. Here was still an indefinite word in his mind. This tunnel was as nondescript as the last: dark but for the yellow bulbs above, and damp with a scent that could never quite be erased.
“You mean with the ID prints?” asked Jessica. 
“Yes,” said Goodwin. “It took him years to become a Newsight employee, but the reward was well worth it. With his knowledge, every convert we made could have their prints removed. They became ghosts to Newsight, unidentifiable. And their identities could be recycled.”
“So, what about Ben and Lena Carlson?” said Vincent. His voice sounded exceptionally small when preceded by the powerful, deep voice of Goodwin. “Are they members of the Order?”
“They were.” Vincent waited for him to explain, but he changed the subject instead. “Much of THE SIMULATION regarding the cities, hopefully, was redundant. You have experienced the halos and threats of attacks and Newsim first-hand. The existence of those things, as well as their purposes, are apparent.”
Neither Vincent nor Jessica dared to speak. Goodwin had paused, but the echo of his voice seemed to linger longer than usual. Any words spoken on top of it would have been an interruption.
 “However, what has become clear to us only recently,” he continued, “is the mechanism by which these factors of control have grown so effective. We anticipated the majority to pose at least some measure of resistance, but in the past few years, there has been almost none at all.”
Goodwin let the last words reverberate off the stone walls of the tunnel. He seemed to need to catch his breath every few sentences.
“Hatred of the Order grew to an unprecedented magnitude. Love of Newsight grew by the same amount. Newsim became irresistible. Adults began spending more and more of their time in the recreation ring, and children in their dormitories.”
His fingers ran off the end of the tunnel wall – they had come to an intersection. He stopped in the center, breathed in deeply through his nose, then continued forward, finding the wall of the next tunnel without seam.
 “It all coincided, I determined, with the founding of Newsight’s newest division: maintenance. For years, they offered no maintenance because Lenses required none. But a few models ago, the upkeep suddenly jumped. Newsight claimed that, from then on, Lenses would require weekly maintenance. Terrified of losing access to their simulations, the people complied. But the Lenses themselves needed no attending; they were made to be resilient. The ‘maintenance’ that occurs is shrouded in mystery, but is thought to have originated in the Department of Research. You are familiar with the department?”
Vincent waited for the echo to soften before he spoke. “Yes, sir.”
Goodwin turned his eyeless sockets directly at Vincent. Vincent looked away.
“Its true function is merely to house a warehouse of surveillance hardware, but a portion of the department is dedicated to actual research. In this portion lies the true nature of the maintenance. Here, Newsight develops, tests, and produces chemical serums of various effects. Some are designed to trigger fear, others anger or happiness, others lust. These drugs are cerebral puppet strings. Release one, so moves the arm. Release another, so moves the leg.”
Goodwin paused. The echo of his voice hung over them once again, following them as they walked.
“Our informant was taken away before she could learn anything else, but what she found is unfortunately clear. These serums I speak of are being injected into the Lenses during maintenance, and released in microdoses whenever Newsight deems fit. During the morning simulation against the Order, a drop of adrenaline; during a Newsim, a drop of dopamine; during a Friday afternoon in an adolescent, a mix of aphrodisiacs. In the Birthschool, these drops are even more abundant. It is easy to see how dramatically Newsight’s control can be amplified.”
Vincent thought back to that previous afternoon in the school, to his conversation with Annie. The feeling had hit him almost instantly: the warmth in his face, the restlessness in his legs. So too had the satisfaction with the Newsims. Part of it had been real, the bulk of it, even, but the remaining portion had been manufactured in the Newsight headquarters.
“That is the first development,” said Goodwin, “and a large reason we decided to mobilize as we have. The second development is somewhat of a formality, but it is an important one. The Senate has repealed all litigations that previously bound Newsight. Data management and transparency, trust and monopoly prevention, every last restriction has been lifted to aid Newsight’s pursuit of what the public imagines to be the Order. The individual municipalities have been tending in this direction for years, but a mandate by the Senate has solidified the trajectory. The beast that is Newsight has been freed from its cage.”
They came to a thick wooden door at the end of the tunnel. Jessica, seeming to sense only Goodwin would go on, mustered the courage to speak.
“Then we can’t afford to wait. We have to go back to the Seclusion. My dad is …” She trailed off when Goodwin held up a hand.
“Your father will be rescued, but first we need the data contained in THE SIMULATION.” He turned his sightless gaze on Vincent, who gave him THE SIM without question. “I will inform the Order of our plan in the congregation. Until then you will have to excuse me. Johnathan will see you are tended to.”
With a final dip of his head, Goodwin spun the knob of the door with long, slender fingers, and he passed through it. John emerged through the same door a beat later, face grave, as if proximity to Goodwin had drained him of all expression. Jessica seemed hardly to notice him.
“He said we can rescue my dad.” Her eyes remained fixed on the door where Goodwin had just disappeared. “Is that true?”
“It is if he says so,” said John. “He doesn’t make promises he can’t keep. If he did you wouldn’t be here.”
“What do you mean?” asked Vincent.
“He promised my mother you would be taken care of. He promised the prints would work. It was all his idea.”
“But I thought the prints were from you.”
“They were, in a way. We knew Kendra would—”
“Kendra.” Jessica spoke with the urgency of sudden remembrance. “She gave us a message for you. She wants you to go back for them.”
“Back for them?” said John, eyes wide. “To the Hole?”
Jessica withdrew slightly from John’s piercing stare but gave a hesitant nod.
John turned to the puddle at their feet. He stood like that for a moment, frowning and lost in thought, before starting down the tunnel in the opposite direction.
“Where are you going?” asked Vincent, following.
“The Hole. Kendra wouldn’t say something like that if they didn’t need help.”
“Then we’ll come with you.”
“Newsight will be monitoring the area after the attack. You should stay here.”
“But you haven’t been there in years. Will you know where to go?”
“I’ll figure it out.”
“Under Newsight surveillance?”
Vincent had to dodge to the side to avoid a collision – John had stopped in the middle of the tunnel. He turned around, fixing them both with a stern, parental kind of glare. “I suppose you don’t plan on jogging my memory.”
“Not from here,” said Vincent.
John turned to Jessica – she merely shrugged. Sighing, he cast a glance back the way they had come. He hesitated like that for a second, then, without another word, he took off once again down the tunnel. Vincent and Jessica followed close behind.
*  *  *  *  *  *
They had reached a narrow, cement-walled tube, the front of which was furnished with a rusted metal ladder.
“The transports are just outside,” said John. “I’ll climb up first.”
Without another word, he started up the ladder, scaling the thing with ease. Vincent and Jessica followed more slowly behind him. When they breached the tube and emerged into the sunlight, they were in the middle of a street. It reminded Vincent of the scene from Mr. Watts’s morning sim – barren and dusted over with the remnants of crumbled buildings, vehicles overturned and deserted.
“Right over here,” said John. He stared toward a pile of rubble at the curb. “Washing isn’t far, but we’ll have to hurry if we want to get back for the congregation tonight.”
When they got to the rubble, John reached over the nearest boulder like he was trying to flip it. Instead, he stripped the thing of its fabric disguise and exposed one of the military-looking transports beneath. He pressed a button on the door and the ramp extended.
“After you,” he said, and they climbed in.
Seconds later they were flying far faster than Vincent had ever gone. The outside was a blur of gray and black as they passed over the city, then dull and brown as they reached the lifeless terrain beyond. It took them well over a minute to reach what seemed like their top speed, and only then did Vincent’s back come unglued from his seat. He stared out the window in awe. John grinned.
“Newsight doesn’t have all the engineers,” he said proudly. “Just most.”
They continued like that for a few seconds, the blur out the windows, the thundering of the wind on the pod.
“Your mother is an engineer,” said Jessica. “Isn’t she?”
John propped his head up from the glass. “She was the last time I talked to her.”
“When was that?” asked Vincent.
“Recently, but we only talk about the Order. She doesn’t tell me anything else. Not even about Brian.”
Vincent bit down on his tongue. Lynn, apparently, had been avoiding the news as well. 
“So she is in the Order?” said Jessica, shifting the subject. 
“Of course she is. She helped build it.”
“And what about your father?”
“I wouldn’t know.” John turned back to the window. “He started travelling before I was born. He’s a lobbyist. Or was – I don’t know if he’s still alive. But Newsight consumed him like they do everyone. I’ve always thought that’s why my mom sought out the Order: to get back at him for leaving. But then she started leaving more, too.”
“How old were you?” asked Jessica.
John thought for a moment, eyes on the dreary landscape outside. “Seven. She was hardly around after that. I was the one who got Brian ready for school in the mornings, made him dinner at night, everything.”
Jessica watched him closely, posture so delicate, so careful she may have been floating an inch off her seat. “So you left.”
John gave a hollow laugh. “It must run in the family. I was only 11 when I stole our transport and found Jack and Abby.” He smiled at the thought, in a way he never had when talking about his mother. “That was before the Hole was even close to finished, but they still introduced me to Kendra and the rest of the protestors, and I became a part of the movement. I might have still been with them had Goodwin not found me.”
“How did he find you?” asked Vincent.
“I expect my mother told him. She knew where I was, somehow, and it would be just like her to send someone else after her own kid.” He let out a puff of air, shaking his head. “But it was better that way. Goodwin told me the truth about the world, and he let me do something about it. He told me about his idea to infiltrate Newsight and go after the prints. I felt guilty leaving Jack and Abby, but I knew I had to help. I think even then I knew the Lenses wouldn’t always be temporary. I think I was still looking out for Brian, making sure he had a way out when the day came. Now it’s finally time to go back for him.”
Jessica fidgeted in her seat but said nothing. Seeing her silence would endure, Vincent considered prompting her only to fall silent himself, thinking, as she must be, that there could be no worse time to laden John with news of his brother than now, so soon before his reunion with Jack and Abigail. John, though far less tense, seemed equally averse to conversation, and they reached the outskirts of Washing before any of them spoke again.
“When were the pamphlets dropped?” asked John.
“About a week ago,” said Jessica. “The attack happened the day we left.”
Vincent felt a gnawing sense of dread when he saw the absolute flatness of the place. He had known it would be destroyed, but that didn’t soften the blow. The city without Lenses now lay in ruins.
They flew another mile or so before the parking garage came into view. The upper stories had been completely torn off, but the base – the important part – appeared intact.
“That’s it?” said John. Vincent and Jessica both nodded.
He set them down on the street, grinning with apparent excitement, and led them from the pod. He pointed to the vehicle-sized opening in the garage’s crumbling side. “Through there?”
“I think so,” said Vincent.
John started forward, a spring in his step Vincent hadn’t seen in the tunnels.
“Do you think we’ll be able to get in?” whispered Jessica. “The entrance may have collapsed.”
Vincent glanced at the corner of the garage that housed the stairwell. The walls were rubble, but a skeleton of the place remained. “It looks fine to me.”
Still looking skeptical, Jessica stayed silent as they crossed the debris-strewn street. They didn’t speak again until they were inside.
“They had only just started to work on it before I left,” said John, slowing his pace. “But Kendra said they were building supports. I’m not surprised the thing is still standing.”
He looked around them as they walked. The echoes of their footsteps followed him like a shadow, consuming his voice, muting it as soon as it left his lips.
“Which way?” he asked.
Vincent pointed to the stairwell. Nodding, John started for it. Jessica drew a bit closer to Vincent as they followed. Vincent could hear her breathing: shallow, quiet, as if not wanting to disturb the fragile air around them. By the time they had gone down the first few steps, the breathing was all Vincent could hear. It was growing shallower.
John reached the bottom landing a flight ahead of them, and when they rounded the final corner to catch up, the breathing stopped – the door to the Hole was ajar. There were no piercing bright lights to greet their entry this time. No warning voice calling out from inside.
“Is this it?” pressed John.
“Yes,” said Vincent.
John hesitated there at the door, eyes locked on the sliding metal slit at eye level, and after a pause he pushed it open. The putrid stench that resulted brought bile to the back of Vincent’s throat, a squirming discomfort to his stomach. He had half a mind to turn back, but John had already started forward, leaving them to follow at a distance. The breathing resumed with even longer pauses between inhales, longer pauses between drinks of the foul-tasting air.
Most of the fluorescent lights from the ceiling lay shattered on the ground. The rest cast their feeble beams on utter stillness. John and Vincent and Jessica stood at the mouth of the stairwell, unmoving, gripped by the total silence of the place, transfixed by the half-shadowed mounds in the shapes of bodies, filled with the odd hope that some would rise up and greet them, shocked into numb observation by the crimson streaks on the pavement.
The breathing began to quicken once more, coming in short bursts as the stunned, realizing breaths that preceded tears. Vincent felt his shoulders shake in time with the ragged inhales – the breaths were coming from his own lips now.
Jessica turned away, face pulled into a look of sour disgust. John remained where he stood, not turning at the neck, but seeming to take in the entire scene all the same. After several seconds, he spoke.
“Let’s go.”
He turned around and started for the stairs, bumping Vincent’s shoulder as he passed.
*  *  *  *  *  *
The transport descended to its disguised spot in the rubble, and John, Vincent, and Jessica exited to the street. The three of them crept without a word through the silken shadows of the night, slid down the rusted metal ladder of the sewer, and continued along in the dark.
 “We can still make the second half of the meeting,” said John. His voice sounded detached. His eyes were still glazed over, his posture slumped.
“John maybe you should rest,” said Jessica. “If you show us where to go, we can fill you in tomorrow.”
John shook his head and kept walking. “I’m going.”
Jessica sighed and started after him with Vincent.
The tunnel ended at a solid wooden door. They approached it in silence, hearing nothing but their own breath and the splash of their own steps, but when they entered, the silence gave way to thunderous cheering. A horde of several hundred people stood clapping and yelling inside a great cavern. Goodwin preached to them from a circular stone stage, his face alight with passion, his sockets as dead black as the gaping sewer pipes at the room’s edge.
There were men around him on the stage, as well, three at his front and three at his back, staring out at the crowd with steely eyes.
“Who are they?!” Vincent had to shout to be heard.
“Goodwin’s Officers!” John shouted back.
Vincent looked again at the circle of men surrounding Goodwin. The man had replaced his own eyes with a dozen others.
“Quiet! Quiet!” Goodwin called out to them, motioning for silence. Vincent had to read the man’s lips to discern the words – the cheers were deafening.
“Quiet!” he called again, and his voice was actually audible this time. “Please, quiet.”
He waited for the remaining applause and whistles to die down before continuing.
“We have been waiting. But we will wait no more.”
More applause, more whistles – the place seemed already prepared to burst again, and the feeling was contagious. The skin of Vincent’s face had begun to itch with a needling heat.
Goodwin raised his hands once more. “You would charge headlong into every city and every Seclusion armed with only your bare fists. But I will not ask that of you.”
A moan of disappointment rose up from the crowd. Most of them looked frenzied, their muscles tensed, their eyes wild and bloodshot.
“We must be calculating,” continued Goodwin. “Our chance to strike will come only once. We cannot waste it on ill-timed acts of blind rage and carnage.”
The words may have calmed a normal crowd, but this one had already been pushed to the brink of a mob. Goodwin’s calm demeanor only seemed to inflame them.
“There is no giant switch,” he continued. “No trigger that kills the Newsight network. But there are switches. There are triggers that if pulled will fire fatal bullets at the Newsight beast.”
Goodwin paused. Even in the cavern, even over the constant seething shouts of the crowd, the echo of his words seemed to hang in the air. 
“For each city,” he continued, “there is one such switch. One such trigger. And one by one, we will pull them all.”
The crowd erupted once again. The young and old called out in chorus, shouting indiscernible words as a single, resounding roar. The needle pricks under Vincent’s skin grew hotter.
Goodwin held up his hands. Slowly, the crowd quieted.
“Before this, however, we must arm ourselves. We must strengthen our numbers with the oppressed. We must cripple the Newsight Seclusion to render a counterattack impossible.”
The crowd cheered again, and Vincent found himself joining in this time.
“We begin with arms,” called Goodwin. He made a flourish with his hand, a signal of sorts, and the wall at his back lit up with a giant projection. It was an aerial map with Hux was near the center, Washing to the northwest, a dome-shaped structure to the east, unfamiliar cities to the south, and the Newsight Seclusion to the north.
“Our first mark is the Newsight defense factory due east.” Goodwin pointed to the domed structure on the map with surprising accuracy. “We will overtake it, and we will increase our arsenal by tenfold.”
Another roar. A man in front of Vincent yelled so fiercely his neck veins bulged from the effort.
 “With these arms,” continued Goodwin, “we will launch a direct attack on the Seclusion.” He pointed flawlessly once again. The cheering began to rise. “We will rescue their prisoners, we will destroy their factories –” he had to shout to be heard – “we will bring Newsight to its knees!”
The man ahead beat his breast as he howled. Spittle flew from his lips and speckled his animal-like teeth.
John’s yells grew crazed and growling. Jessica’s screeched with a murderous shrill.
“We attack at first light!” shouted Goodwin. His voice was barely intelligible over the roar. “We attack at first light!”
The man in front of Vincent shook his head so violently Vincent thought his neck would snap.
“Now!” he called out. “Do it now!”
The rest of the crowd took up similar calls. They surged in on Goodwin and flung their fists in protest, not chanting, not having the presence of mind to chant nor any presence of mind at all, merely screaming a guttural, uncontained torrent of noise. Vincent screamed along with them, pressed deeper into the crowd by those around him, pressed into the mob as another suit of flesh, swaying and flailing his arms in time with his neighbors.
“Quiet! Quiet!” Goodwin mouthed the words, though he may have shouted them – Vincent couldn’t tell. “Quiet!”
It was several seconds before the noise lowered to a level over which Goodwin could speak. The crowd had collectively leaned forward, their jaws jutted out, primal, daring Goodwin to deny them. The man with no eyes merely grinned.
“If you cannot wait …” There were shouts and curses of affirmation. Goodwin paused. “Then we attack tonight.”
Vincent’s eardrums might have gone deaf for the explosion of sound that followed. More beating of chests, beating of one’s neighbors’ chests, clawing of skin in grim satisfaction. The man in front of Vincent staggered where he stood, leaning on those around him for support, near the brink of passing out from exertion. And still, he yelled.
“Captains gather your men!” Goodwin called. “We attack tonight!”
Another eruption. Vincent joined in. He felt his head growing light and dazed from the effort. He saw the writhing bodies around him as if through a red haze.
Then he was next to John again and they were starting for the door. The other boy cleaved their way through the crowd, the flesh of his face still inflamed and hot, and Vincent knew without a doubt he was thinking about the Hole.
Chapter 18 – The Dome
They flew in the usual six-seat transport. John sat at the window across from Vincent and Jessica, and three others – two men and one woman, none of whom Vincent had seen before – filled the remaining seats. It had been several minutes since Goodwin’s fiery speech in the tunnels, but their faces remained red, their pulses rapid.
“Do we have a plan?” asked Jessica. Out of them all, she seemed to have recovered the most fully.
“We do,” said John. “This isn’t on impulse. Goodwin knew they would be worked up after his speech. He never planned to attack in the morning.”
“So what are we supposed to do?” asked Vincent. “Are we bombing them?”
John shook his head. “The factory is too valuable to damage. We’ll go in on foot. Take the place by force.”
Vincent glanced at the three others with them in the pod. None of them were armed. “Will we be given weapons?”
“Some will. But most won’t need them. The factory isn’t heavily armed once we get inside. It’s getting in that required planning.”
“Is that our job?” asked Jessica. “Getting in?”
“Goodwin’s,” said John. “His officers have been watching the patterns of the place for weeks. Every night, the dome receives a truckload of supplies. Goodwin will be on that truck with the rest of his officers, and once they’re in, they can open the gate for the rest of us.”
Vincent looked out the window at the fleet of transports flying close by, all tightly packed together, all very close to the ground. “How will they do that?”
“THE SIM has everything they need,” said John. “Leave that to them. Our job is to secure the facility once a path has been cleared for entry. Afterward, we can begin assembling our force for the Seclusion raid.”
“So we aren’t going back to the tunnels?” asked Jessica, sounding hopeful.
“Not right away. We’ll have to move quickly once we take the factory. Word will reach Newsight whether we want it to or not, and our window to attack the Seclusion will be slim. We can’t afford a return trip.”
Vincent nodded. He was sure he didn’t understand the larger plan at play, but he did understand the nearness of their return to the Seclusion. This return no longer seemed so important, though. After all, there was no one there waiting for him.
John didn’t explain any more of the plan, and Vincent and Jessica didn’t ask any more questions. The three others seemed already to know, or simply not to care.
The transport began to slow in time with its twins alongside, ahead, and behind. In the distance, through the front window, Vincent could see an enormous lump rising out of the night, a blemish on an otherwise smooth, barren plain.
“The factory dome is straight ahead,” said John. “Goodwin and his team are already in place.”
Vincent peered through the darkness at the dome’s base. At the front gate was what looked like a large, box-shaped truck.
“I can’t see,” said Jessica.
John handed her a slender set of binoculars. She held them to her eyes without breaking gaze from the dome.
“Men in uniform are talking to the driver,” she said. “They’re … they’re waving him in.”
John’s eyes were out of focus. He was staring at a patch of ground between Vincent’s feet.
“It looks like the gate is opening,” said Jessica. “The truck is driving through. But … it’s closing. The gate is closing after it.” She lowered the binoculars and turned to John. “Is it supposed to do that?”
“For now.” John’s eyes returned to normal. “Goodwin is inside. All we have to do is wait for his signal.”
Nodding, and this time without the aid of the magnifying tubes, Jessica turned back to the dome. Vincent followed suit. Even from a distance he could tell the thing was giant. The school dome from the Seclusion would have fit inside several times over.
“Get ready,” said John. His eyes were absent again. “They’re on their way to the gate.”
Vincent’s fingers began to tremble. As if from a switch, the energy that had filled him during Goodwin’s speech in the cavern began to fill him once again, just trickling now, but with a force of an entire current behind it, waiting.
“Almost,” said John, his eyes still unfocused. “Almost …”
There was silence. The others had shifted to the front of their seats …
“Now.”
The pod shot forward and threw Vincent against the wall. The men next to John caught themselves on the glass just before they went hurtling into the woman across from them. Not one of the three flinched – they seemed gripped with the same, grim concentration as Vincent.
“Give me the binoculars.” John took the set of tubes from Jessica and twisted in his seat to see the dome. “It’s opening,” he said, excitement beginning to enter his voice. “We’re going in.”
Vincent could already see the entrance opening up to receive them. The transport careened toward it, still in perfect form with the rest of the fleet.
John pulled a pistol from his jacket. “Prepare to de-board.”
Vincent remembered Hole: the stench, the sheet metal houses and bodies peppered with bullet holes, the blood and dust on the cement.
His face began to tingle with heat. He felt the trickle begin to grow, gushing now as it heated his skin and clenched his hands into fists.
“Slowing!” John shouted even though the pod was mostly silent. He seemed ready to throw himself out the window just to get there faster.
The dome raced toward them less rapidly now, but it was larger than ever. Untarnished all the way around, it reflected in the fluorescent beams of the lights below, the perfect, detestable hue of Newsight.
“Go!”
John shouted as soon as the pod touched the ground. He sprang from his seat and dragged Vincent into the horde, more frenzied than ever as they sprinted for the entrance. They pushed and shoved their way inside, and on white tile, they ran. On open ground lined with wire-topped fences, along gray stone buildings with steel vents and black smokestacks, they ran. Vincent let himself be washed onward by the wave, feeling for a fraction of a second he was back in the working sector of Hux, in the industrial part swimming through smog. He was swept forward by the pounding legs around him to the first of the dome’s fenced-in buildings. He was sprinting at gray-clad men on the shop floor, tearing at their clothes, dragging them across the tile. Somewhere behind him he heard a loud pop. Some of the red-faced men and women carried guns. Vincent needed only his hands. They were clubs now, and they swung at every patch of gray cloth they could find.
The men and women in gray began to flee before him. He narrowed his blurred gaze on the woman nearest. Her stride was laden with a slight limp, almost comical the way her left side drooped and dragged in a vain effort to keep up with her right. Vincent tore after her, spurred faster by the geyser of hot energy gushing inside him. He spun the woman around. He raised his fist. He flexed his chest with his knuckles pulled tight–
He stopped where he was. The blur in his vision had cleared just enough to see the woman up close. Her gray Privacy Officer jumpsuit was unmistakable, but so too was her wide, heart-shaped face. Vincent had seen that face before, had talked to it. It wasn’t a gray blur like the rest. It was real, here and afraid.
Vincent dropped his hand to his side, and the woman took off running once again. He started back the way he had come, his fists still clenched, his vision fading in and out of focus. He staggered through the first door he found and bolted the lock.
With the screams outside now muffled, he could hear the rasp of his own breaths. He began to shake as he crossed over to the sink. His eyes were lined and red, his Lenses wet with a liquid not his own.
He leaned forward at the waist, bracing his weight on the sink and gripping its sides with white knuckles. He wanted to go back out. He wanted to swing madly at everything that moved, to hunt the gray-clad men with the rest, to find his revenge for the stayers who lived in the Hole. The desire was overpowering, irrational with the force it urged him out the door, almost irresistible. But then he thought of the woman, and with her image seared into his mind, with his face still ablaze and his blood still beating through him with fierce throbs, he stayed where he was, and he listened to the screams.
*  *  *  *  *  *
Vincent awoke under the sheets of a body-width mattress. His pulse had steadied. The screams had long since faded. There was silence, and the trickle in him that had risen to a torrent was now dry.
He sat up. On either side of him beds were stacked in bunks, filling the room from end to end. The men and women in them, in their freshly cleaned white jumpsuits, were beginning to stir. Vincent looked down at himself. His clothes had been changed and cleaned as well.
He rose from the bed and started for the exit, surprised to feel his legs rather steady beneath him. When he was outside, he found himself sandwiched in between two buildings, and nearly at the dome’s edge. Deeper into the dome was his only option. He walked until the buildings on either side of him opened up into a space more familiar: the outer circle of dark, block-shaped factories. He turned around. Behind him was a series of long, rectangular buildings only one story high, none with windows and all with their shorter ends facing the center of the dome. For as far as Vincent could see, the buildings continued one after another around the dome’s perimeter, each, presumably, housing the same sort of barracks he had awoken in.
He continued forward between the factories straight ahead. The air was cooler here, the buildings acting like a tunnel for the wind. As he walked, he shrank into the clothes that had been given to him, his head bent against the chill. He looked up only when the tunnel had opened and the barracks were barely visible at his back. He had walked into a courtyard, a wide circular region in the dome’s very center, around which the factories – four others in addition to the two he was between – stood as sentries. The circle was oddly empty, no structure or markings to indicate it, only empty ground.
Vincent started around the edge of the space to the mouth of the factory next to him. It looked identical to all the others: several stories high, square and plain, and with only a handful of windows to let in the artificial light. It was too dim to make out, but atop the building’s entrance, there seemed to be an inscription. Even in clear light Vincent doubted he could have read it – the words appeared to have been painted over.
“Good morning, Vincent.”
John and a group of Goodwin’s officers came into view as Vincent rounded the corner. John excused himself and broke off, crossing over to him.
“Did you just wake up?”
Vincent nodded. “But I don’t remember going to bed.” He glanced up at the factory. “What happened last night?”
John motioned to the dome at large, as if that explained things. “We did it,” he said. “We overran them. The whole place is ours.”
He said it proudly, but Vincent could hear a bit of confusion in his voice as well.
“What about this?” asked Vincent, looking down at his jumpsuit. “I don’t remember changing.”
John shrugged, wearing a slight frown. “I’m not really sure. Goodwin must have had one of the other captains organize a cleaning effort.” He flicked his head in the direction of Goodwin’s officers. “We’re preparing the plans for the Seclusion attack. Care to sit in?”
Vincent looked over at the group. They had stopped their conversation – their gazes were trained on him. “I’m all right.” He turned back to John. “Where’s Jessica?”
John looked around, as if scanning for her. “I just saw her. She slept in the factory with some of the others.”
Vincent raised an eyebrow. “She slept in the factory?”
John shrugged once again and glanced back at Goodwin’s officers. “I should get back. Try this factory first.” He patted Vincent on the arm, then returned to the group. Pausing for a moment, Vincent started for the doors they had crammed through the night before and entered the factory. Immense, industrial-grade conveyers split the place in half, every few feet laden with man-sized missiles. The factory floor was as clean as Vincent’s white jumpsuit. Not a trace remained of what had transpired the evening before.
“Vincent?”
He turned around. Among several others, Jessica was seated against the wall some ways off. She looked like she had just woken up. 
“I was about to come looking for you,” she said.
Vincent walked over to her. She didn’t stand to greet him. Instead, she laid her head back against the wall behind her.
“Are you ok?” asked Vincent.
Jessica nodded, but as she looked around she wore the same troubled expression John had. A feeling of unease began to settle deep in Vincent’s stomach. He scanned the others along the wall. Several of them were beginning to wake. “Let’s go somewhere.” He reached down and took her by the hand. She felt like deadweight as he pulled her up.
“I’m tired,” she said. “Why can’t we stay here?”
“Just trust me.”
He pulled her to a door several yards away and led them inside. At the latching of the bolt, her grogginess seemed to clear.
“Vincent what’s wrong? Did something happen?”
“I think so. I don’t know.” He stopped and glanced at the door to make sure it was closed. “Do you remember any of last night?”
“I remember the transport,” said Jessica. “I remember running in with everyone else. Other than that I just remember feeling angry.” She paused, frowning. “I don’t remember going to sleep.”
“Neither do I.” Vincent looked around to make sure they were alone. “I remember some things, though. I remember attacking the Privacy Officers.” He hesitated, focusing on the memory, determined not to let it slip away. “But some of the people from last night, some of the officers … they seemed different. They seemed afraid.”
Jessica squinted at him. “I don’t remember that.”
Vincent took a deep breath. He hadn’t wanted to say anything about this – he knew what she would say back to him – but he didn’t have a choice now.
“I recognized one of them,” he said. “A woman. She looked like Jim’s wife, Jim from Hux. I can’t remember her name.”
“Tina?”
Vincent nodded. The name hit him with the force of memory. Real, concrete memory.
“But why would she be in a Newsight factory?” asked Jessica. “Jim said she was in quarantine.”
“I know. I don’t know why she would be here, either, but she was. I’m sure of it.” He said it firmly, as if to convince himself as well as Jessica.
Jessica frowned, looking unconvinced. “If there were people here that weren’t Privacy Officers, then why would we have attacked? Why would we not have rescued them?”
Vincent started to speak, then breathed out instead. “I don’t know. I just think we should be careful. Something about this just …”
He trailed off when the noise of hoarse, measured breath arose from his Lenses.
“Fellow brothers and sisters of the Order.”
It was Goodwin’s voice, and it was inside Vincent’s head as if played through a simulation. By the look of confusion on Jessica’s face, he could tell she heard it too.
“You will assemble in the center of the dome,” said Goodwin. “Now.”
With that the voice went silent, and before either of them could speak again, the door slid open.
“Hello.” A man – Vincent recognized him to be one of Goodwin’s officers – stepped through. “We are rounding people up,” he said, in a hard, iron voice. “Everyone is meeting in the courtyard.”
Jessica nodded and started forward, but Vincent stayed where he was.
“Is there a problem?” the man asked.
“How did you know we were here?” asked Vincent.
“Vincent come on,” said Jessica. “He’s just trying to help.”
“How did you know?” repeated Vincent.
“Someone saw you go this way.” The man’s tone was level, just shy of robotic. “Is there something wrong?”
Vincent held the man’s gaze a moment longer. “No, sir.”
“Good.” The man motioned them to the door, and when they exited, he peeled off in the opposite direction.
“What are you doing?” hissed Jessica. “Are you trying to get us in trouble?”
Vincent glanced back at the man. “He wasn’t here when we went into the hall. And no one else saw us.”
Jessica shook her head, exasperated. “You’re being ridiculous, Vincent. Come on.”
She pulled him forward, and by the time they reached the eerily open space in the dome’s center, most of the others were already there.
“Brothers and sisters!”
Goodwin’s voice rang out from somewhere in the circle’s center. Vincent craned his neck, and he saw the man climbing up on some sort of stool.
“Brothers and sisters,” he repeated. “We have claimed the Newsight factory.”
There was a cheer of approval, but the fierceness of the night before was nowhere present.
“As we speak,” Goodwin continued, “our engineers are preparing the fighters for attack. We will fly on the Seclusion at dusk.”
Another cheer. This one was a bit louder, but there was no beating of chests, no veins protruding from necks.
“However,” said Goodwin, “there is first the issue of last night’s attack.”
Vincent’s ears perked up.
“It has been reported that many of you are suffering from a mild form of amnesia.”
Around them, various heads began to nod.
“This is no cause for alarm,” said Goodwin. “I have consulted our brothers and sisters who spent time in the enemy camp, in the Newsight Corporation, and it is their belief that this memory obstruction was caused by the Lenses.”
A murmur coursed through the crowd, an affirming one, as if they had already known. Vincent continued to stare forward, frowning.
“It was a reaction to our darkeners,” said Goodwin. “Trauma seems to be the triggering action. And last night, though victorious, was surely traumatic.”
Goodwin’s tone was somber and his head was tilted downward, as if looking out at them through imaginary eyes, overtop imaginary spectacles.
“There will be more of this trauma at dusk in the Seclusion. It is imperative, however, that you remember this attack, for it is one you will tell your children about, and they their children.”
Another murmur of approval – still no wild yells and applause.
“For this reason, our Newsight knowledgeable colleagues have been working without rest to determine a fix for this problem, and that is exactly what they have done. For those of you who experienced an impairment to your memory, please follow my officers to the facility we have erected in factory six. There, your Lenses can receive what little maintenance they require.”
He nodded to them, then stepped down off his riser. The crowd began to funnel itself in the direction he had pointed. Vincent stayed where he was.
“Jessica.”
She looked over her shoulder. She had already started forward with the crowd. “Aren’t you coming?” she asked.
“No. And I don’t think you should either.”
Jessica stopped. People jostled by her to get around. “Why not? You were just talking about this.”
“I know, but didn’t you hear him? He said they’re going to do maintenance.”
Jessica rolled her eyes, sighing. “He obviously didn’t mean that kind. Don’t you want to remember tonight?”
Vincent looked toward the center where Goodwin had just disappeared. “I’m going to stay. I can’t make you, but I really think you should do the same.”
Jessica hesitated, her eyes scanning the crowd of men and women walking by them. “I can’t,” she said after a pause. “I want to remember seeing my dad again.” She gave a weak, sympathizing look, then let herself be swept away by the mob.
Vincent watched her go, gripped, all of a sudden, with the sensation of being watched himself. Near the center, where Goodwin had just been, the man who had found them in the hallway was standing with the rest of Goodwin’s officers, and his eyes were on Vincent. Vincent felt a chill shoot down his spine. He looked away from the man, then started, after the crowd, toward factory six.
*  *  *  *  *  *
When he judged he had waited long enough, Vincent stepped out of his hiding place in the factory restroom. The factory floor, which earlier had been lined with tables set up for maintenance, was empty.
“You there.”
It was the same iron voice they had heard in the hallway.
“Have your Lenses been fixed?”
Vincent turned around. “Yes, sir,” he lied.
“Are you certain?”
“If I’m remembering correctly.”
The man scowled at him. He was about to speak when a second voice sounded behind them.
“Vincent!”
Vincent turned around to see John.
“We’ve been looking for you,” said John. “Goodwin needs us. It’s about the Seclusion attack.”
“He needs to have his Lenses fixed first,” said the man with the iron voice.
“I already have,” said Vincent, firmer this time. He turned to John. “Let’s go.”
Before the man could stop them, Vincent led them away.
“Everything all right?” asked John, catching up.
Vincent began to answer but stopped before forming the words. They had reached the other side of the factory’s enormous machine, and Goodwin was there waiting with Jessica.
“There you are,” he said. “John, can you find us a room?”
John turned his gaze from Vincent, and any hint of a frown was gone in an instant. “Of course.” He scanned the perimeter of the factory, and spotted a promising, large-windowed room not far off. He led them to it, then inside. They settled into rigid-backed chairs around a long, rectangular table.
“THE SIMULATION has given us all the data and knowledge we could expect,” said Goodwin, “but it has given nothing of the Newsight Seclusion. Of all our brothers and sisters in the Order, only you three have the necessary navigational knowledge. Are you willing to share it?”
“Yes.” John and Jessica spoke the word at the same time.
“Yes.” Vincent said it a beat behind.
“Very good,” said Goodwin. “The Seclusion is protected by Newsight’s most advanced air defense network. Our transports and fighter planes are incapable of penetrating it, and so it must be shut down. This will be your job.”
John and Jessica nodded in unison, unflinching. Vincent only watched.
“You will be smuggled into the Seclusion, and you will infiltrate the Newsight campus and disable the network.”
Jessica leaned forward in her seat. “Will my dad be in the Newsight campus?”
“I believe all the prisoners will be,” said Goodwin. “And after the network is disabled, you will be able to save them. But you first have to trust the larger plan.” His sightless gaze lingered on Vincent here. Vincent stared steadily back.
“When do we leave?” asked John.
“This evening,” said Goodwin, turning to him. “You will arrive by ground transport to avoid being detected by the Newsight satellites.”
John nodded. He shifted slightly in his seat, seeming anxious. 
“You will receive further instruction once inside,” continued Goodwin. “We will be with you. From above. From our few sources within the Seclusion.” He turned the charred, cratered holes in his head once again to Vincent. “We will be watching.”
Chapter 19 – Holding
For the past several hours the three of them had been in a transport, concealed in a compartment under the backseat. In a separate vehicle ahead, Goodwin’s officers towed them like cargo.
Vincent had uttered only a handful of words to Jessica since that morning, and she even fewer back to him. Now, nearly sundown as they neared the outer bounds of the Seclusion, talking was prohibited. Not until they were through the gate without detection, Goodwin said, would their plan be revealed.
The transport began to slow.
Approaching.
The word scrolled across Vincent’s Lenses, and he went still. Next to him, John and Jessica did the same.
There was silence for a beat as their convoy eased to a stop, then footsteps. Someone outside started to speak.
“Good evening, gentlemen. May I see your permit?”
Vincent played the scene out in his mind. Goodwin’s officers gave a curt nod. They handed over the fabricated paperwork.
“That looks in order,” said the Guard. “What is your delivery?”
Vincent thought he could feel the man’s gaze turning toward them through the window.
“A transport,” said the driver. “For Newsight.”
There was another pause. Vincent’s feeling of being watched intensified.
“Of course. Please allow me a few minutes to search your vehicle.”
Next to Vincent, Jessica drew in a sharp breath. Goodwin had said they wouldn’t be searched.
“Yes, sir,” said their driver. “But would you mind waiting for my escort? That should be her just ahead.”
Vincent turned to John. This wasn’t part of the plan. They hadn’t been told about an escort.
Vincent mouthed a question, but John only shrugged in response.
“I suppose so,” said the Guard. “Who is your—”
“Excuse me?”
A sharp, familiar voice sounded from outside. It seemed to shoot through John like an electric current. His whole body tensed in a single movement.
“Is there a particular reason you are detaining my transport?” asked Lynn.
“Just protocol, ma’am,” said the Guard. Vincent could hear the tightness in every syllable. The man had snapped to attention.
“Well I don’t have time for protocol. Do you have any idea how much I paid for this?”
The Guard was silent.
“I didn’t think so. Now, are you going to let them through or not?”
There was another pause. Vincent felt the Guard’s gaze on them through the window.
“Yes, ma’am. My apologies.”
There was an indiscernible response from Lynn, then the retreating click of her heels on the path. Their own transport began to move once again.
“Did you know she was coming?” hissed John.
Vincent shook his head. “No idea,” he said truthfully. Jessica said the same.
John sighed, looking down. “Goodwin didn’t want me to back out. I should have known we would need someone on the inside to let us in.”
Vincent hadn’t given it any thought. The only other time he had come near the boundary of the Seclusion had been with Jessica on their way out. Then, the way had been prepared for them.
“Did you hear anyone else?” asked John. “Anyone with her?”
Vincent knew he was thinking of Brian. Jessica seemed to sense the same. She took a deep breath. “John there’s something you should—”
John held up a hand for quiet. His eyes were out of focus. Vincent could see it, too. On the bottom of their Lenses, one of Goodwin’s officers had sent them a message.
Stay quiet. We are being followed.
Jessica was persistent. “John you need to hear what—”
“You saw the message,” said John. “Not now.”
“But it’s important it’s about—”
“I said not now.”
John glowered at her for a few seconds, then perked his ears for any sign they had been heard. When he was satisfied, he turned back to the front. Jessica looked to Vincent but Vincent only shrugged back, helpless. John refused to look at either of them. No one budged until the transport came to a stop minutes later, and the man with the iron voice opened their hidden compartment.
“We are in the first ring,” he said. “Management sector.”
Vincent had a feeling he knew exactly where they were.
“John?”
It was Lynn. She was standing just outside in the driveway of her dome.
“You’ve grown.” Her voice wavered slightly. It no longer seemed as detached as it had been with Brian. Although, Vincent reminded himself, that exchange had taken place under the careful watch of Marcus.
John rose from his cramped position and climbed from the pod. His mother reached out to embrace him, but he made no move toward her. He looked around instead. “Where’s Brian?”
The air around them grew suddenly tense. No one spoke. Even the officers grew still. 
“Is he inside?” asked John, turning to the dome. “I want to see him.” He started for the door, but Lynn caught his wrist. John looked back at her. His shoulders were rising and falling a bit quicker now.
“He’s not here, John,” said Lynn.
John looked at the officers, then back at the door, as if expecting Brian to come bursting through at any second. “Where is he?”
Lynn started to speak, then stopped. She looked down.
“Where is he?” repeated John. His voice was firmer this time. His eyes were on his mother.
“I thought you would know.” She turned her gaze on Vincent and Jessica.
John didn’t seem to notice. He was growing restless, shifting on his feet. “Know what?”
Lynn turned back to him. Her head was tilted to the side, sympathetic, genuine. Her usual cold mask was nowhere present. “There was an accident,” she said. John grew still. “When Marcus searched our dome, Brian was taken away in a transport with Vincent and Jessica, and there was a collision.”
John continued to stare at his mother. His gaze flitted between her eyes, searching.
“The other transport hit his side head on,” continued Lynn. Her voice was tighter now. She had to squeeze the words out one by one. “He didn’t make it.”
John started to shake his head. He pulled his wrist from his mother’s grip.
“I’m sorry,” said Lynn. She turned to Vincent and Jessica. “I would have told you, but I thought they already had.”
John turned to face them. His face had a childish look about it, vulnerable and confused. His mask had fallen away the same as his mother’s.
“You knew?” he asked.
Jessica looked down, biting her lip. Vincent forced himself to hold John’s gaze.
“You knew?” John repeated. He stepped forward as he said it this time, but the man with the iron voice moved in front of him. 
“Enough of this,” the man said. “We are on a schedule.” He turned to Lynn. “We need to move.”
Lynn kept her gaze on John for a moment before turning to the man. “Of course. John, we can speak about this at another time.”
John said nothing back. His breathing had yet to ease. His eyes had yet to leave Vincent.
“There has been a change of plans,” continued Lynn. “I will disable the defense network myself. The three of you will handle the prisoners. You will be joining them shortly.”
“Joining them?” said John. He turned from Vincent to look at his mother. “What does that mean?”
“I have to take you in,” said Lynn. She moved a step closer to him, cautiously. “It’s the only way you’ll be able to free them. And it’s the only way I’ll be allowed into the defense portion of campus. Marcus has been keeping a close watch on me.”
“So you’re just going to hand us over?” asked John.
“With protection.” She motioned to Goodwin’s men. “The officers will be accompanying you, and when I give them the signal, they will help you escape.”
John continued to stare at his mother. He looked prepared to argue when the officer holding him interjected.
“We should leave, ma’am,” he said. “The attack cannot start until the system is down. Goodwin is waiting.”
Lynn’s posture straightened at the mention of the name. “Very well.” She turned to Vincent and Jessica. “You two stay where you are. You’ll be with me in the first transport.” She started forward to their pod. “John, you’ll be in the second.”
John didn’t move. As his mother and the officers started for the transports, he stayed where he was. He didn’t seem to notice them. He had eyes only for his old dome, and for the stubbornly still surface of its front door.
*  *  *  *  *  *
Straight ahead was the Newsight campus. In the usual dome shape, the building was completely circular but for the hallway-width offshoots around its perimeter. The offshoots snaked outward in enormous s-curves, sprawling from the body of the place like the arms of an octopus.
“We’ll go through the front,” said Lynn. She turned back to them. “Remember your place.”
Vincent knew exactly what she meant, though she couldn’t say it aloud for fear of being watched: they were to act like prisoners.
“Now, let’s go.” She opened her door and climbed out of the pod. Seconds later Vincent was outside as well, the hands of two officers forcing his arms behind his back. He got the feeling there would be no need at all to act like prisoners.
They started for the main entrance – an arched, open-aired space just ahead – at a pace that nearly forced Vincent into a jog. When he lagged, the men holding him wrenched up his arms higher still. They, apparently, had embraced their roles wholeheartedly.
They came to a stop in a high-ceilinged lobby, around which were well over a dozen hallway offshoots. Instead of any of these, they approached the front desk in the room’s center and were greeted with the usual, dress-wearing receptionist.
“Ms. Department Head,” said the woman, seeming surprised. “I thought you had gone for the day.”
“I had,” said Lynn. “I would have preferred to stay that way also.” She glanced back at the group of them. The woman seemed to see the strange party for the first time. “I need Marcus,” said Lynn.
“Of course. I’ll page him.” The woman’s eyes went out of focus for a beat. “He has requested you meet him in holding,” she said after a pause, eyes still out of focus. “I’ve given you access.”
Lynn nodded her thanks, then motioned them toward one of the halls. Vincent felt a twinge in his shoulder as his overzealous captors urged him into motion.
As they approached, they could see Marcus emerging from a door several yards ahead.
“You’re not usually here so late,” said Marcus.
“I’m not usually doing your job.” Lynn motioned to Vincent and Jessica and John behind her. When Marcus followed her gaze, his eyes grew wide.
“How …” He looked first at Vincent, then at Jessica. John didn’t seem to peak his interest. “Where were they?”
“Outside of Hux,” said Lynn. “As I understand it, you were just there. Pity you couldn’t have brought them in yourself.”
Marcus continued to stare at them for a second, as if suspicious they might disappear, before turning to Lynn. “How did you find them?”
“They were buying black market ID prints. The ones you lost in the hack.”
“That was a fluke,” snapped Marcus. “Our security was flawless. They must have had someone with knowledge of the system.”
“Well whoever it was, just be glad your mess was cleaned up for you. Consider these two a reward for poor performance.”
Marcus looked at them again, this time lingering on John. “Correct me if I’m wrong, but it appears as if you’ve miscounted.”
“The third is a print scalper,” said Lynn. “He might assist in your investigation of the hack, but he’s a nobody.”
John shifted against his captors, scowling at his mother.
Marcus gave him a doubtful look. “I suppose you want me to hold them for you?”
“I don’t care what you do with them,” said Lynn. “Take them away. Ship them to a Seclusion. Whatever you want.” She paused. “Or if you’d rather I take them I’m sure I can—”
“No,” said Marcus. “I can find a place for them. You won’t be needed.” He motioned for Goodwin’s officers to follow him as he turned away.
“Actually,” said Lynn, “I’m here about the defense network as well. The Alternative Products Division notified me of an issue just today. And because the network is under your department, I was hoping to have a word.”
Marcus raised a brow, expectant.
“A private word,” said Lynn. “Surely you of all people can arrange for that.”
Marcus smirked at her, then flicked his head at the men holding Vincent and Jessica. “And them?”
“Do you know where holding is?” asked Lynn, looking at the officers. As one, they nodded. “There. They can escort themselves.”
Marcus grunted in response, unconvinced. He took a step closer to survey the men more carefully.
“Of course, you can always summon others.” Lynn stepped forward as well. She didn’t seem keen on Marcus’s having a closer look. “Have someone hold their hands from here, if you must.”
Marcus cast the men another look. “I think I will.” His eyes flashed out of focus so quickly it looked like a kind of open-eyed blink. “I’ve summoned a man. We can talk in my office.”
“Perhaps in the network office would be better?” suggested Lynn. Marcus seemed hesitant. Lynn rolled her eyes. “I bring you gifts and you won’t even show me my own products?”
 Marcus snorted. “Fine.” He started off down the hall. Lynn followed without so much as a glance back. They were still in sight when the door Marcus had emerged through slid open once again. A crisply dressed, prim-looking man stepped out to meet them. His uniform was not as elaborate as the high-collared jumpsuits of Marcus and Lynn, and not as plain as the gray uniform of the officers.
“Step inside,” he said. He backed away from the door frame and motioned them in. The man with the iron voice, still with John as his captive, led them inside. The room was plain and miniature, only just big enough for all of them at once, and bare but for two separate doors on the wall they were facing. The first looked no different than the one they had just passed through. The second was to a small pod, one made entirely of glass and curved outward like the side of a fishbowl.
“You will deposit your guests through this door on the right,” the prim-looking man said. He pointed at the fishbowl door. “The boys together, the girl separate.”
The man with the iron voice inspected the door, skeptical. “And we will accompany you to the observation deck?”
“That hardly seems necessary. Watching the guests is a one-man job.” The prim-looking man surveyed the officers with more than a hint of distaste. “You can return to the quarters. Now, if you would. The girl first.”
Vincent felt the air grow thick with tension. This was not part of the plan.
“Wait just a moment. We went through a great deal in order to secure these guests. We want to see they are properly detained.”
The prim-looking man sighed in exasperation. “Marcus designed this system himself. You have no need to worry. There’s no room for all of you, anyway.”
“Just me then. It would give us peace of mind, and I know Lynn would appreciate it.”
The prim-looking man’s brow was furrowed comically low as he considered them. “Well if you’re so insistent I’ll let you accompany me, but the others will have to leave.”
“Certainly.”
The prim-looking man puffed up slightly. “And now for the guests.” He motioned forward to the officers holding Jessica, wearing his best impression of a commanding look, and the fishbowl door slid open. Without hesitation, the men hauled Jessica inside. She looked out at Vincent as the door slid shut and the pod receded back into the wall, then disappeared as it moved to the right and out of view. A moment later, a second, empty pod moved into place.
“The gentlemen now,” said the prim-looking man. John and Vincent were shoved into the new pod simultaneously. “Easy as that. Now your men can—”
The glass door slid shut, and the prim-looking man went mute. The pod was filled with silence, and Vincent could feel the tension in it. He kept his focus on the scene outside: the prim-looking man finishing his rant, the man with the iron voice waiting with the others.
The pod began to recede into the wall, and the loading room disappeared. They were cast into shadow, then into complete darkness but for a faint light above. 
“We should have told you,” said Vincent.
John continued to stare at the glass wall in front of them. His expression remained unrevealing, cold – his usual mask had been reaffixed. 
“There never seemed to be a good time and …” Vincent trailed off when he heard how insufficient his words sounded. He looked out into the pitch black of the tunnel, searching for something to say that would come close to making a difference, but he found nothing. Instead, his mind settled again and again on the same thoughts, the same images: Brian’s limp body hanging from its restraints, the open, sightless eyes staring down at a puddle of blood …
Vincent turned his gaze back to the interior of the pod, back to John. “I’m sorry.” The words sounded tiny and weak, disappearing into the silence the second they sounded. Vincent forced them out again. “I’m sorry.”
John turned from the wall this time. He met Vincent’s eyes.
“For not telling you,” said Vincent. “And for forcing you to find out the way you did.” He paused – the air between them seemed to tighten, as if anticipating the next few words. “And for your brother. I know it doesn’t matter now, but I’m sorry.”
John clenched his jaw at the mention of Brian. He said nothing in response. He only continued the same, accusing glare he had worn in the driveway. Vincent struggled to stare back, and just when he was about to look away, John turned to the glass. With his eyes unfocused, fixed out into the tunnel on nothing in particular, he opened his mouth to speak–
The pod jerked to a stop. Vincent turned to the pitch black beyond the glass. Below them, the darkness split down the middle with white light. The floor of the tunnel was spiraling outward, forming a hole just large enough to receive them. There was a lurch, a brief second of decreased gravity, and they began to sink. The pod was dropping through the opening, supported below by nothing but thin air. As they descended, Vincent had to hold up a hand to shield the light. He blinked so his eyes could adjust …
Suddenly the floor of the pod slid out from under them, and they fell, landing only a fraction of a second later on the surface of thick glass. Brushing himself off, and still trying to blink away the light, Vincent got to his feet. They were in a much larger pod now, maybe ten times the size of their miniature one, and the walls were made entirely of mirrors. A dozen other prisoners, all men, were in the pod as well. Most kept their gazes on their own feet, but the rest were looking at the fishbowl-shape transport Vincent and John had just arrived in. They wore looks of utter indifference as they watched the thing rise. Only one of them spoke.
“No.”
Vincent turned toward the voice, and when he did, he found himself facing a round man with dark, beady eyes and an unmistakably wide nose.
“No,” Simon said again. His voice cracked as he spoke. He shook his head, lips quivering, eyes shining. “No.”
He repeated the word over and over again as he sank to the floor. He stared up at Vincent, accusation in his eyes, a tremor in his lower jaw.
“She was with you,” he said. “She’s here, isn’t she? They have her.”
Vincent opened his mouth to speak, but the words seemed to be caught in his throat.
It was all the answer Simon needed. He began rocking silently where he sat, his hands shaped like a cage around his face.
“Simon …” Vincent started, then stopped again. There was no way to communicate anything important. The walls of their bowl-shaped enclosure were mirrored, but he had a feeling the outside ones were perfectly transparent.
“She’s ok,” said Vincent. Simon looked up at this. “She’s safe.”
“Safe?” repeated Simon. “Is that what you call this?” He held up his hands, motioning to nothing in particular.
“No. But … but she’s not hurt.”
“That’s just temporary. When they don’t need her, they’ll take her away. They always take you away.” He pulled his knees into his chest as he scooted backward, pressing himself up against the mirror there, still rocking, still shaking his head.
Vincent looked over his shoulder for help. John remained in the center of the pod, looking confused and making no move forward.
Sighing, Vincent crossed over to Simon and sat down against the mirror next to him. The developer was wiping his tears with his shirt, which, Vincent noticed, seemed to have gone unchanged since their first meeting.
“I’m sorry,” said Vincent. “I tried to look after her.”
Simon sniffled, clearing his throat and trying to compose himself. “She doesn’t need looking after. Never has.” He sniffled again but smiled this time and looked up at Vincent. “You said she’s not hurt?”
“Nothing serious. Just some scratches.”
Simon nodded and regained control of his breathing. “Where were you?” he asked.
“Hux. We never made it to the border.”
“You wouldn’t have found help there, anyway. Hux is far enough.” Simon paused with a hollow grimace, but he resumed before Vincent could press. “I would have loved to see the city one last time. How was it?”
“Worse,” said Vincent. “Different, but worse.”
“Have the ‘attacks’ stopped?”
“They’ve decreased.”
“Everywhere or just in the standards?”
“Just in the standards is everywhere.”
Simon lifted his eyebrows, for a fraction of a second surprised, then lowered them again, deflating. “It was just a matter of time. Sometimes I think Newsight is better at being the Order than they are at being themselves. I don’t know why they bother with two names.”
John looked over at them. “Newsight can call themselves whatever they want, but the true Order will always go by their rightful name.”
Vincent went stiff. His eyes strayed to the mirrored surface over John’s head.
“The true Order?” Simon laughed. “You mean a resistance?”
John seemed prepared to shoot something back, but Vincent caught his eye. He held the words in.
“Of course there’s a resistance,” said Simon. “But that doesn’t mean it’s real.”
“You’re wrong,” snapped John. Vincent cast the mirror another nervous look.
“Am I? So you’ve seen it?”
“I’m part of it.”
“John,” said Vincent, “we shouldn’t be talking about—”
“It doesn’t matter,” snapped John. He followed Vincent’s gaze to the mirror. “They know. It’s why we’re here.”
Simon turned to Vincent. “What does he mean that’s why you’re here?” 
“He’s just upset,” said Vincent. “We were caught with fake ID prints.”
Simon seemed to smell the lie. “Vincent this is important. Tell me you and Jessica haven’t gotten wrapped up in this.”
“We haven’t.” Vincent looked at the mirror over Simon’s shoulder. He could feel them watching – he just didn’t know where from.
“Vincent,” said Simon. “Look at me when you say it.”
Vincent turned to the man, to his beady eyes with the telltale curve of the Lenses. “We shouldn’t be talking about this here.”
Simon looked at the mirror behind him, then turned back to Vincent. “Here is the same as anywhere else. In holding, in the middle of the Center, in whatever ‘secret’ base the Order has constructed. They still hear.”
Vincent shook his head. “Not everywhere. The Lenses can be turned off. Newsight has devices for it, and the Order could have them, too.”
Simon stared at him a moment longer. He seemed to sense the spark in Vincent’s eyes, the hope. “You believed them, didn’t you? You joined them?”
Vincent said nothing. He merely stared defiantly back.
“Vincent the Lenses can’t be turned off,” said Simon. “They can’t be taken out or disabled. They’re permanent.”
“But the darkeners can—”
“The darkeners are a hoax. They shut the Lenses off for the user, not the producer. Dark Lenses are just like this glass.” He looked up at the mirrored bowl that encased them. “One-way. Just because we can’t see doesn’t mean Newsight can’t.”
“You’re delirious,” said John. Some of the other captives looked up, startled by his raised voice. “You don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“I programmed for Newsight my whole life, son,” said Simon. “I’ve seen the code.”
“But that doesn’t make sense,” said Vincent. “Those devices are the only reason Jessica and I were able to escape from the Seclusion.” He thought back to the night of the crash, then to the officer carrying him to the transport. “And there are people in Newsight who are part of the Order. One of the officers helped us escape.”
“He may have,” said Simon. “But only because those were his orders.”
Vincent opened his mouth to reply with some protest, but he was brought back to that night once again. He was in the transport, and the officer was right in front of him. The man’s eyes were out of focus. He was receiving some sort of message …
“He could have been communicating with the Order.” Vincent wasn’t sure if he was talking to Simon or himself. “They could have told him to help us.”
“Then Newsight would have seen the message, and they would have stopped you. At any point they wanted, they could have stopped you.”
“But they didn’t. They couldn’t. Our Lenses were dark.”
“I already told you they’re never dark. Not for Newsight. Whatever you were seeing was valuable to them, so they let you go. For a while, at least.”
Vincent looked up to John for help, but John had gone quiet. He was looking at Simon.
“That still doesn’t make sense,” said Vincent. “We weren’t seeing anything important.”
“Maybe you weren’t,” said Simon. “Or maybe you didn’t realize the importance of what you were seeing.”
Vincent frowned at this, confused. Simon looked back at him with something close to sympathy.
“You did see something,” said John. He hadn’t moved from his position in the center of the place. “You saw some of the last people alive without Lenses. In the Hole.” His gaze was fixed on Vincent. It was a fact, a simple statement, but there was an accusation there as well. Vincent thought back to their return to the parking garage just a day prior. The structure had remained mostly intact. The inside, however, had been far from that. It had been the aftermath of a raid, not a bombing. Newsight hadn’t bothered with their usual methods – they had known the garage was reinforced. They had known there were people inside without Lenses. They had known the exact stairwell to send their men. Somehow, they had known it all.
Vincent turned back to Simon. He could feel the heat of John’s gaze on the back of his neck. “But how would they have known we would see anything? Why wouldn’t they have just tracked us down and taken us back?”
“Because that would have spoiled the charade.” Simon spoke in a low tone, almost apologetic. “If they had tracked you down, you would have known the darkeners didn’t work, you would have known there was no way to escape, and you would have known there was no use trying.” Simon paused, looking at John, then back at Vincent. “But they don’t want you to know that. The second you know is the second they lose you.” 
“Even if all that were true,” said John, “how do you explain the ID print hack? I did it myself. I unlocked everything we needed.”
“You can’t unlock doors that are already open,” said Simon. “There’s been a hole in the print process for years. I tried to fix it myself once, but I was denied.”
John continued to stare at the man, defiant. He was still searching for a way out of the net cast by Simon’s words, and he was squirming.
A sharp thump sounded just outside the mirror. Vincent turned around. It had come from directly behind him. Simon didn’t flinch.
“Whoever brought you here,” said Simon, “whether by force or by plan is playing you. You’re on the wrong end of a set of puppet strings. The Order the terrorist organization and the Order the resistance are just two masks for the same face. No matter which one it wears, Newsight has the same eyes as always.”
Vincent felt his breaths come a bit sharper. He could say nothing back. John, too, remained silent, merely staring at Simon, accusing, resentful, as if Simon had spoken the truth into existence, not merely reported it.
The developer was opening his mouth yet again when the mirror at his back disappeared. It slid to the side so quickly he fell backward into a brightly lit, sterile-looking room beyond. Before he could right himself, his arms were grabbed from behind, and he was dragged out. Vincent jumped to his feet. Out the opening he could see the prim-looking man, bloodied at the temple and hunched at the waist, his body slung over a railing just outside. Next to him, Goodwin’s officers dragged Simon across the floor.
“Don’t tell Jessica,” he called back to Vincent. His expression was calm, his tone level. “Don’t tell Jessica.”
Vincent stared after him, but his vision was blocked by a man who stepped into the doorway, the man with the iron voice. The iron eyes. They reminded Vincent of the slips of metal the sweet-voiced woman had used to activate their Lenses.
In that moment, what little doubt of Simon’s theory that remained in Vincent’s mind was extinguished. The man with the iron voice seemed to sense it, and in a flash he swung his club against Vincent’s temple. 
Chapter 20 – The Trinity
The pain pulled Vincent from his sleep, throbbing, beating against the inside of his skull. It sat behind his Lenses like an infection when he opened his eyes, but he could see the room’s wood panel floor and pale crimson paint just the same. Even the square video feeds on the rightmost wall were sharp and in focus.
“Welcome back, Vincent.”
The deep voice. The slight rasp. The echo that lingered longer than normal.
Goodwin leaned forward in the chair of the ornate desk and interlocked his fingers. “You’ve been here before.” He may have posed it as a question, but he didn’t. “It was in disarray when I returned, the books especially.”
Vincent looked up at the bookshelf, at the colorful spectrum of titles there. He thought of Jessica. “Where is—”
“Safe,” said Goodwin. The craters in his head seemed to move when he spoke, flexing muscles to move eyes that weren’t there. “Much more so than you. You have presented a problem, but not one that lacks a solution.”
For a moment, Vincent expected the man with the iron voice to come bursting through the door. To apprehend him, to take him away. But the room was still and the hallway beyond was silent. The lack of security only deepened his unease, only cemented his feet more firmly to the floor.
“The developer has complicated things,” continued Goodwin. “He has always had an appetite for knowledge that does not belong to him, and for sharing that knowledge with others.” 
Vincent looked at the feeds. They no longer pictured different rooms of the dome; they showed the Seclusion, not from steady, tripod-like views, but from bouncing uneven ones, running ones, blinking ones. Goodwin seemed to sense his gaze.
“Even the Order needs monitoring,” he said. “For their own protection.”
Vincent watched through the eyes of the Order as the domes around them were razed by bombs of fighter planes. There was no volume, but if there were, Vincent was certain he would be able to hear the screams.
“Do you know why you’re here, Vincent?” asked Goodwin.
Vincent turned from the feeds. “To be taken away?” 
“If that were the case, I would never have requested you be brought to my home.”
“Your home?”
Goodwin grinned. “You imagine John infiltrated the Newsight headquarters alone? Or that Brian solicited your support without detection? The sons, though neither would suspect it, were sheltered by hands of the father.”
Vincent stared back in confusion, then, as Goodwin lifted his own gnarled hands, the confusion turned to horror.
“You … you can’t be …”
Goodwin raised a brow, as if tempting further protest. Vincent strained his thoughts to find one, desperate for some argument or objection, but he could find nothing but the opposite. THE SIM in the office, Brian’s intimate knowledge of the Order, John’s smuggling of the ID prints – the pieces fit too well in place to be denied.
“What about Lynn?” he asked, clinging to his final hold. “She wouldn’t have lied to us. Or to Brian. She can’t have known what you’re doing.”
Goodwin grinned again, and Vincent felt an urge to be sick. The loyalty of Lynn and her family, the bedrock on which he had built his faith, had turned to sand.
“Why are you here, Vincent?”
Vincent looked again at the feeds, then at the books, filled more than ever with dread. “I don’t know.”
Goodwin breathed out, disappointed. “You brought us THE SIM, did you not?” Vincent nodded. “And you watched it, did you not?” He nodded again. “Then you know control to be the nature of Newsight. How is someone of your type controlled, Vincent? Someone of the minority?”
We. Goodwin had said it himself. We: the Order. We: Newsight. We: one and the same.
“Vincent?” prompted Goodwin.
“With fear.”
“With fear of oppression, very good. This fear is driven by your type’s fixation with freedom, a thing you value well more than comfort and contentment. Is this correct?”
Vincent didn’t have to think. “Yes.” 
“And do you feel you can ever be free?”
“Of course I do.”
“Then allow me to remind you.” Goodwin turned in his seat toward the feeds, and they morphed into a single image. It was Annie back in Hux. She was in a hallway, staring directly at whatever was capturing the video.
“Have you thought any more about my invitation?” she asked.
The feed went black for a fraction of a second as it fast-forwarded.
“Ok,” said a second voice. It took Vincent a moment to recognize it as his own. “We can share.”
Goodwin paused the feed. “Did you want to share a simulation with this girl?”
Vincent thought of Jessica. The answer was obvious. “No.”
“Would you have, anyway?”
He hesitated, then thought of the restless feeling in his legs, the prickling heat under his skin. “Yes,” he admitted, hating the sound of the word. 
“And here,” said Goodwin. The feed had changed. They were in the Hole, looking once more through Vincent’s eyes. John was standing just ahead. Bodies of the stayers littered the garage floor. “Did you intend to inform Newsight of the resistance in Washing?”
“No,” said Vincent.
“Did you regardless?”
Vincent forced himself to look at the image, at the bodies. John had known it in holding, and Vincent knew it now.
“Yes,” he said.
The feed changed again. They were in the tunnels, in the cavernous room with the crowd and with Goodwin speaking in its center. This time they weren’t looking through Vincent’s Lenses but at them. His face was red, his eyes bloodshot. He was screaming with the rest of the crowd, his lips forming obscene words, his hands the same gestures.
“Did you mean to be moved to anger?” asked Goodwin.
“No,” said Vincent.
“Were you so moved regardless?”
“Yes.”
Again, the feed changed. They were in the factory. Vincent was running with the crowd of the Order. Men and women in gray were fleeing from them, faces pulled into looks of terror.
“Did you intend to harm these people?” asked Goodwin.
“No,” said Vincent.
“And did you?”
Vincent hesitated. An image of Jim’s wife, of Tina, seemed to materialize over his Lenses. He hadn’t touched her. He was sure of it.
“You hesitate,” said Goodwin. “Would you like me to play the footage? You gouged out a man’s eyes. You punctured a woman’s windpipe with your thumbs. And the individual you spared perished with the rest. You acted with inconceivable violence and enabled the deaths of dozens. Is that correct?”
“Yes,” said Vincent.
The feed changed yet again, but it remained in the factory. The same men and women that before had been wearing gray were now dressed in white. They stood as dead tree stumps along the conveyor belt down the center of the room, twisting a bolt onto a part here, rinsing the threads of a screw there. Vincent could see their fragile frames, their sallow, sunken skin. Around them walked dozens of officers, lean and brawny, eyes cold, and above them all, over the main entrance, the inscription that had been painted over was now clearly visible: THERE IS NO FEAR WITHOUT HOPE.
“Were you aware the dome we attacked was not a Newsight factory?” asked Goodwin.
“No,” said Vincent.
“Do you see now it was a labor Seclusion?”
Vincent scrutinized the feed, willing its projection to change, to shift back to the gray-clad men and women of before, to show them beating real officers, not the frail, white-suited captives.
“Do you see?” repeated Goodwin.
“Yes,” said Vincent.
The feed went dark.
“And do you wish to be with me, in this room, at this moment?” asked Goodwin.
“No.”
“Are you and will you remain here regardless?”
“Yes.”
Goodwin nodded his approval. “You see now that our power is absolute. So tell me again: do you feel you can ever be free?”
“Yes,” said Vincent, still clinging to a stubborn hope. “If not here, then somewhere else.”
“Ah. You mean beyond the border.” Goodwin flicked a finger and the feeds shifted. They showed more footage of people with Lenses, only now there were no Seclusion domes or fighter jets or gray factories. The small, moving images were of antiquated skyscrapers and lush green parks, of crowded sidewalks and houses with slanted roofs, of trains and cities and towns that swarmed with people. But what caught Vincent’s eye was not the strange locales – it was the nature of the feeds. Occasionally, as if on the whim of the wearer, a pair of Lenses would be removed, and a feed would go dark.
His eyes flitted from one square to the next, his pulse pounding with sudden excitement, before settling on an image in the center of the wall. A Lens-wearer stared out the windshield of an old-fuel truck, at a deserted road lined by fields of wheat, at a searing red glow that rimmed the dusk horizon. 
“There are others,” said Vincent in awe. “And they’re free. They’re …”
But he trailed off when he saw the sun high overhead, nowhere near its descent. The red glow on the horizon wasn’t the sunset. It was light of a different type entirely, and it was growing brighter with each passing second. Identical grim scenes skirted the edges of surrounding feeds. The packed plazas on cobblestone streets, the open, golden plains and exotic landscapes – all blended to a single mass of burning red. The sky exploded with a supernova-like light. The windshield of the truck became a bubbling blur. The very air seemed razed with flames until, in the space of a cruelly quick blink, the feeds and everything in them dissolved to a blinding white.
Goodwin flicked a finger once again, and the feeds vanished. “There were others. They were free.”
Vincent stared at the spot where the truck driver had just disappeared, a sinking feeling deep in his stomach. He willed the projection back to life, but the wall remained black.
“Come now, Vincent,” continued Goodwin, his tone impatient. “There is no world but ours. You know this. However stubborn grew your denial, you have always known.”
Vincent continued to stare at the wall, unable to look Goodwin in the face. The man’s demeanor was so casual, so uncaring and dismissive that for a moment, Vincent questioned whether the horrific footage had ever played. But only for a moment. He remembered the crimson glow, the flames, the blinding white, and his dreams of escape came to a claustrophobic, inevitable end.
“Hear me one final time,” said Goodwin. “Do you feel you can ever be free?”
Vincent attempted to hesitate, to doubt, but it was impossible. “I don’t.”
Goodwin breathed a sigh of relief. “You are correct, Vincent. Do you see why this knowledge of yours poses a problem?”
“No.”
“The developer has already told you. We have won everything. You have nothing left.”
“I have Jessica,” he said. It was his last rock.
“Jessica knows nothing. She will remain in the Order.”
“So she’ll live? You won’t hurt her?”
“I will not. Whether she lives, however, is a separate question.” Goodwin paused at this, seeming, somehow, to inspect Vincent. “Do you believe there is any chance Jessica will ever be free?”
Vincent started to speak, then stopped again. He turned to the wall where the feeds had just disappeared. He thought of Simon being dragged away, limp and unresisting.
“No.”
“And as the minority type,” said Goodwin, “do you feel there is any true life without freedom?”
“No.”
“So if Jessica’s life is without meaning because she will never have freedom, is it true you have no reason to fear her loss?”
Vincent felt as if a knot were being tied with his intestines and pulled tighter with every question. He had sealed his only way out.
“You have nothing,” said Goodwin, not waiting for an answer. “You will never fear us. This is important, Vincent, you must understand this. Understand everything.”
“I understand,” said Vincent. 
“You understand the Order never existed, never will exist, and was, itself, created by Newsight?”
“Yes.”
“You understand Aldous Fatrem is whomever I declare? That he will forever exist and forever rule?”
“Yes.”
“You understand every fraction of every second of every thought, sight, and sound is monitored by the software and developers of Newsight, and that every member of the Order has been allowed to be so only because Newsight allowed it?”
“Yes,” said Vincent.
“You further understand every attack of the Order was orchestrated by Newsight Management for the advancement of our own ends?”
“Yes.”
“And you lastly understand,” said Goodwin, “the new Lenses are incapable of being removed, impaired, or otherwise harmed without the resultant death of their owner?”
Vincent looked into the man’s deep black craters, the never-ending Lenseless pits. Goodwin grinned.
“I have never worn Lenses. I am the only one.”
A wild, fanciful hope surged through Vincent. “You could leave. You could escape.”
Goodwin grinned wider still. “From my own kingdom?”
The hope left Vincent like the flame of a candle snuffed by an ocean.
“Your understanding is complete, Vincent. So tell me: why are you here?”
Vincent ventured the same guess as before, knowing, in advance he would be wrong. “To be taken away.”
“No!” thundered Goodwin. “You are not of the breed of stringless puppets we take away. You are not hopeless and hateless. You feel, and you are not to be wasted.” Goodwin’s face had grown animated – his black-scarred sockets fixed Vincent with an unbreakable stare – but he paused, gaining his breath, returning to himself. “Answer this first, Vincent, and you will be able to answer the other. Why should we want control? Why should we want power?”
The man’s mouth parted, an answer to his own question already perched on his tongue. Vincent knew what it would be. For the majority: a protector from evil and a source of senseless pleasure. For the minority: a fuel to be burned by the churning engines of freedom, a fight, a passion. “You do it for the benefit of the people you rule over. For the greater good of—” 
“Incorrect,” snapped Goodwin. “Vastly incorrect. We are no more the messiah to the people than the butcher is to the pig. Power is its own end. It is taken because it is desired and kept because it satisfies. He who would be free, we oppress only to provide an escape. He who would be happy and secure, we terrorize only to provide protection. We are fear and hope and love and hatred all at once. We cling to power for this reason and this reason alone: to be everything is the only way to be anything at all, to be real.”
Vincent was beginning to understand, as much as one could understand the man without eyes. “Your purpose of power … the only way you can truly have it over someone is if they accept the truth you create, the contradiction.”
Goodwin nodded to him, encouraging, prompting like a father.
“And as the minority type,” continued Vincent, “my fear of Newsight is motivated by my hope of escape.” Goodwin nodded again. “But knowing everything I do, I have no such hope. And so I can have no fear to accompany it. You can’t control me like the others.”
“Close, Vincent,” said Goodwin, “very close. It is true you have broken the mold of your type, but that you cannot be controlled is entirely false. You retain your capacity to feel, and are therefore very valuable to us. We will go to any length to seize back power over you.”
“But even if that were possible, why not just take me away? Why go through any trouble at all for just one person?”
“Because you are far more than one person. You are every citizen in every city. Your condition is the plague of our people, for your resistance to our created truth exists in everyone. In spite of all we have accomplished, we have not secured that final fraction of control, that total spectrum of acceptance.”
Vincent frowned, more confused than ever. “Then I’m not unique at all. I’m no different than the others.”
“You are patient zero,” said Goodwin. “Of every man, woman and child capable of feeling, of every soul worth casting our dominion over, you alone know our true nature and are therefore the farthest from our reach. If we can overcome your resistance, we hold a blueprint to total power. If we can cure you, we can cure all.”
“But I’m not the only one who knows. Simon knows. And so does John. They were both there when—”
“Simon is numb, his condition irreversible. He will be taken away. And Johnathan denied the truth. He could not bear to believe his efforts have been in vain. He will be renewed of his hope, and he will be cured.”
“So that’s what you’ll do to me? You’ll give me hope again.”
“That is beyond reason. You have said so yourself.” Goodwin considered him here, as if to reassure his own words, then interlaced his long fingers importantly. “In the cities,” he continued, changing his thought, “the majority wish only to be happy. They wish to be entertained and to be safe. The Order threatens them, ravages their families and colleagues, and for the Order, they are filled with hatred. Newsight protects them, entertains them, and offers them joy, and for Newsight, they are filled with love. But Newsight and the Order are one, and we become to our subjects two opposites of the same whole. Power over the majority is just as valuable as it is over the minority, only of a different taste.” He paused, his eyes – it was impossible not to see the craters as giant pupils – fixed on Vincent. “It is for this reason we will not endeavor to renew your hope. It is for this reason we will convert you to the majority type, and instill in you the love for Newsight such a conversion requires.”
Vincent leaned back, stunned. “That’s impossible.”
Goodwin continued undeterred. “Our latest product will be your treatment, and by this treatment you will fall fully under our control. You are here, you our most difficult patient, because developing this product in you is the only way to ensure its success in all others. You are the key to the domination of all resistance.”
“It won’t work,” said Vincent. “I hate Newsight.”
Goodwin began to laugh, deep and hoarse. His sunken and unseeing pupils writhed mockingly inside their hollow cavities.
“I hate Newsight,” repeated Vincent. The prickling heat rose under the skin of his face, the same as it had in the cavern and in the factory, only this time there was no maintenance to stir it in him, no serums. “I hate it.”
“I believe you, Vincent,” said Goodwin. “I do.”
Vincent said nothing back. He let the heat continue to rise under his skin.
“But your hatred of Newsight only increases your capacity to love. It will only provide us more satisfaction from having power over you.” Goodwin smiled – too broadly now to be just a grin – and leaned back in his chair. “So cling to your hatred, Vincent. We will need it.”
Chapter 21 – Newlife
Vincent was standing at the sink holding a plate that had been spotless for several minutes. He let the warm water continue to run over his hands, losing himself in the slow, circular rhythm of his cleansing strokes.
He was taller now, though not by much. He had gained weight, too, as the years had passed. His body had a man’s brawn. His skin had lost some of its youthful glow, but the difference was barely perceptible. He bore no sign of wrinkles, except where the water from the faucet had been streaming onto his fingers.
“I’m home!”
A voice called out over the creaking of the front door. Vincent looked up. Jessica stepped into the living room and shed her coat on the nearest chair.
“Did you eat without me?” she asked.
She had changed very little. Her eyes shone with the same, wide curiosity as they always had. Her hair, still dark, was pulled back. And her face, still somewhat flat, wore the same, constant hint of a smile.
“I have a group to get settled tonight,” said Vincent. “I tried to wait for you.”
Jessica dropped her bag and lowered herself into the chair across the counter. It was a process – she had gained much more weight than Vincent. Of course most of it, especially in the large, rounded part of her stomach, was not her own. “You’re working late again?” she asked.
Vincent raised his brow, then looked down at his watch. “I’m the one working late?”
Jessica waved a dismissive hand. “You know how crazy it is when we’re in session. I have to be there.”
“Not in your current state you don’t.”
She grinned. “You do know you’re the one who put me in this ‘state’, don’t you?”
Vincent smiled back at her. He shook his head and shut the water off. The plate – now sparkling – he set in the drying rack. “Well you only have one more night,” he said. He circled the counter and she spun around in her chair to receive him. He placed a hand on the upper part of her stomach. “So I thought just maybe you would be home on time.”
Jessica looked down at Vincent’s hand, smiling, and placed her own hand there as well. “She only makes me want to work later.”
Vincent sighed, but he didn’t argue. He didn’t disagree. “How is the legislation coming? Are the trade blocks finalized?”
“Nearly. We’re getting close.”
Vincent nodded and gave her stomach one final, gentle pat before turning away. He pulled his coat from the rack.
“Who are you assigned to?” asked Jessica.
“More refugees from the Lens-standard countries.” Vincent threw his coat around his shoulders and bent down to retrieve his briefcase. “Food’s in the oven.” 
“Hurry back to us.”
“I will,” said Vincent, and he started for the door, smiling.
*  *  *  *  *  *
Vincent sat down in one of the leather chairs outside the usual door, still panting from his commute. The traffic in the city, though working hours had long since ended, never seemed to thin. With the activists protesting outside the Capitol and the foreign refugees coming through the halos, the streets were nearly overrun. Vincent wasn’t bothered, though. The energy in the air was infectious. There was a shared, crusading kind of spirit, and it filled him to the brim. He didn’t mind working after hours any more than Jessica did.
“Just through here.”
Vincent stood when he heard the voice. The door across from him had opened.
“Allow me to introduce you to your guide.”
A hulking, red-haired man in a black suit stepped into the hall. He pointed to Vincent with his left hand and ushered a family of three through the door with his right.
“This is Vincent Smith,” the man continued. “Vincent, meet the Lees.”
Vincent stepped forward with a bow. The father, a lean, small-framed man with narrow eyes and olive-colored skin, bowed back.
“You’re in good hands,” said the red-haired man, addressing the family. He smiled at them, then disappeared back through the door.
The father bowed to Vincent once again and spoke in broken English. “It is nice to meet you. My name is Steven. This is my wife, Zoey, and my son, David.”
The woman behind Steven bowed but said nothing. Vincent bowed in turn. The boy, not yet in his teens and almost identical to his father, did not bow but reached out his hand instead. Smiling, Vincent shook it.
“It’s nice to meet all of you.” He motioned down the hall, and they started to walk. “I’ll be showing you to your new home. You’ll be living in the halos with the rest of the refugees.”
“The halos,” said Steven, “that is what you call your air defense system?”
Vincent nodded. “We kept Newsight’s original name for them, but they’re completely under Senate control now.”
Steven looked around, seeming unimpressed. “They are different than ours. Not as much security.”
“We don’t need much,” said Vincent. “The system hasn’t been activated in years, and the identity checkpoints are no longer in use.”
Steven frowned. He glanced back at his family. “So, we will not be identified? To be monitored?”
“You’ll be ID’ed, but only with paperwork for census purposes. For school, as well.”
“How are the schools?” joined David. “Are there simulations?” He said this last part a bit nervously. Vincent shook his head.
“No simulations. Just teachers.”
David nodded, but his nerves remained apparent.
“What information does the government request during the identification process?” asked Steven, suspicious.
“Just standard things,” said Vincent. “Name, family ties, region of birth – details like those. You’ll be assigned an ID number as well.”
“And they track you with this number?”
Vincent shook his head once again. “No tracking. Your information will go into a database with your picture and your fingerprints. That’s it.”
Zoey, the man’s wife, tugged at her husband’s sleeve and spoke a different language into his ear, shooting Vincent several anxious glances. Vincent watched, patient.
“My wife is doubtful,” relayed Steven. “She does not trust the government. They did not collect much with the lenses at first, but that changed very quickly. How do we know that will not happen here?”
Vincent could have predicted the question. He fielded the same one day in and day out.
“Public officials are vetted more closely than ever,” he said. “The government’s and anyone else’s collection of personal data is limited, and we’ve gone to great lengths to make sure it stays that way.”
“With regulations?” pressed Steven. “That is what our government tried. It did not last.”
“Not with regulations. No one wants another Newsight. We’re protected by memory now. We don’t need litigation.”
Steven didn’t look convinced but translated to his wife regardless. When he turned back to Vincent, he pressed no further, and they walked in silence.
“What about the attacks?” David spoke up after a pause. He tried to keep the fear from his voice, but it came through with a slight shake. “You said there haven’t been any?”
“Not recently,” said Vincent. “The last prominent terrorist organization we had to deal with was Newsight, and they’re long gone now.”
Vincent slowed them to a stop outside of a second door, the one that led to the refugee homes.
“Is there anyone else?” asked David, when they had come to a stop. “Does anyone else have missiles?”
Vincent froze with his hand on the knob. The rawness of the question raised a lump in his throat. It was questions like those that drove him time and time again to the halos, to the refugees. 
“Yes,” said Vincent. “There are people with missiles.”
David’s face fell.
“But the halos have stopped every attack so far. You don’t have to worry.” Vincent smiled at him, then at his parents. “All right,” he said, turning back to the door, “this is where all refugees begin their stay. The homes are …” He trailed off when he saw David out of the corner of his eye. The boy kept casting nervous glances at the ceiling, as if he expected it to come crashing down any minute. Vincent felt the lump rise up in his throat once again. Taking a step back from the door, he crouched down so he and the boy were on the same level.
“I won’t lie to you, David. You might not be completely safe here.”
David looked up at the ceiling again. His lower lip began to tremble.
“But even if you’re not safe, you’ll be something even better.” Vincent smiled at him. “You’ll be free.”
*  *  *  *  *  *
In the dark, Vincent eased the front door back into the closed position as quietly as he could. He hung his coat on the free hook in the closet and slipped off his shoes. The living room was exactly as he’d expected: television playing on mute, and Jessica fast asleep on the couch. Crossing over to her, he draped her with a blanket. The bulge of her stomach held up the fabric in the middle like a miniature tent. He smiled at the sight, then found his mouth opening in a long, deep yawn. He would need rest for tomorrow, real rest. Sleeping here was the recommended option, but he didn’t want to take any chances. He had to be refreshed and completely present tomorrow morning. He would disengage, just for a little while.
Vincent kissed his hand and pressed it on Jessica’s stomach over the blanket. Then, with a glance up and to the right, Jessica and the couch and the rest of the simulation disappeared. He was back in his room, already lying down. With another yawn he rolled over on his plain white mattress, in his plain white nightclothes, and he slept. 
Chapter 22 – The Cure
The next morning Vincent stared through his window at the neighboring tower. It, like his and all the others in the sector, was circular and pure white.
He had not left the building, not even left his own small portion of it since he had first arrived. The windows were too thick to throw oneself through. The dinnerware was not sharp enough to cut oneself with. The sheets were not long enough to enable a sturdy knot to be tied in them. The food was pumped into one’s body intravenously if one refused to eat it the normal way. And biting one’s tongue or bludgeoning oneself against the wall was impossible to do to completion without being halted by the nurses. None of it ever worked. Couldn’t work. Vincent had been deprived of the escape of death. He had been afforded no activity but the simulation they called Newlife.
For quite a long time – he prided himself on the length of it – he had abstained from Newlife altogether. He had begun by passing his days in silent compliance. That had gone on for as long as he could manage. He had no way of knowing how long exactly that was, of course. His Lenses no longer told time and his manual count of days had long since been abandoned. He had been given no point of reference, no news of the outside world, nothing of the Newsight Seclusion, of the other cities, not even of Hux itself or his neighboring towers in the retirement sector. He was stranded in time and place. His only semblance of escape was Newlife.
Vincent did not know what had befallen Jessica: whether she had been taken away or continued on with the Order as Goodwin had said. Either of the two would have been the same to Vincent. The results were equivalent. He understood now why Simon had lain so still as they dragged him from holding. Resistance was resignation. It was the one thing he knew for certain. To resist Newsight, you were in the Order. To be in the Order, you were part of Newsight. To flee from the bombing, you fled from the Order and into the cities. The cities were protected by Newsight, so in fleeing from the Order, you fled to Newsight, who was the Order. 
Vincent turned from the window and walked the short distance back to his room. That was his space: the hall with his window, the room with his bed, and the bathroom with his shower and sink (the nurses always came long before the water reached a level into which one might lower one’s face). He walked past the bathroom and went to his bed. With his eyes trained on the ceiling, he could have dozed off easily into a restless, dream-filled sleep. In the days when he did not engage his simulation, that had been his only option. He had felt like a captive then, riddled with thoughts of his parents, of Jessica, of Simon. When he had finally made the decision to give up, to allow himself to submit to Newlife, however, he had begun to feel less like a captive. The walls were just as claustrophobic and the windows just as impenetrable, but the experience was far different. He had stopped being a captive, and begun being a guest.
“Vincent?”
His head nurse poked her head through the door. Vincent nurtured a stronger hatred for her than for any of the other nurses. She was always the first one to shut off the running water in the sink or staunch the bleeding of his tongue. But she was quite closely endeared to Vincent, as well – she always delivered the Newlife sims.
“I have more access cards for you,” she said, stepping deeper into the room. “But you know there’s no need to keep exiting and resuming your simulation. I don’t know how many times I have to tell you.” She set a bowl of access cards on the table next to his bed. He smiled at her. He also felt a lurking desire to reach for her throat.
When the nurse had left, Vincent reached over to the bowl and withdrew a card. Nearly shaking with excitement, he let his eyes slide out of focus and scanned the code. The usual, sweet-sounding voice rang out inside him. He oftentimes wondered if the woman whose voice played in his head was an actual woman. He would like very much to share a simulation with her. Although, her voice was also the one he heard when ramming his forehead into the wall above his bed, and the one that never quite seemed to be all the way silenced.
The Newlife began to load. It was a continuous simulation, one he had been living inside ever since beginning his treatment. He had grown up in the small brown house with his mother and father and grandfather. He had met a girl with a short black ponytail who sat next to him at school. They had gotten their own small house. Nothing in it had been painted white.
The eye on the loading screen came to a stop as it finished its final rotation, and the pitch black began to fade. Vincent began the sim where he had left off. He was pulling his coat from the hook in the closet. He was walking into a hospital room. He was holding the hand of the woman in the bed. He was listening to the thumping in his chest, to the woman screaming, to the doctor talking in a soothing tone. He was staggering backward and sitting in the chair at the foot of the bed. He was reaching out for a bundle of brown blankets. He was staring down at the tiny wet face of a baby girl, at her button nose, at her clear, unobstructed eyes.
In that moment, the two camps in Vincent’s mind, the irreconcilable passions directly at war with one another, the resolutions both for and against the creators of the Lenses, were joined. There was no force needed to keep them intertwined. They were inseparable, had been inseparable all along. He felt foolish now for having denied himself the peace of their union all this time, foolish for staving off the clarity with which he now saw.
He held the little girl tighter than before, but he frowned when he noticed her lack of movement. She seemed suddenly solid in his arms.
Jessica, too, was still as a statue, expression frozen in a red-faced grin, bedsheets as stiff as carved marble.
Vincent scanned the room for some rendering line of black, some unforgivable glitch in the sim, but his surroundings were as full and real as they had ever been. The only difference now was a slight weight lain over his eyes, an inescapable chill pressing on his pupils.
He jumped and spun around when he saw movement to his left. In the seat next to him sat a woman with sharp and keen features, a tall, thin frame, and an unreadable face that hadn’t aged a day.
“Lynn?” he said.
Lynn smiled a tight grin. Her body flickered like a projection, as if taxed in and out of existence by the effort of movement. “It has taken you a long time, Vincent.”
“Why are you here?” he asked.
“More than fourteen years.”
“I don’t want to talk to you.”
“All squandered in a false life.”
Vincent stared at her with ice in his gaze, then turned back to the little girl in his arms. “What have you done to her? To Jessica?”
Lynn ignored the question, smiling down at the child instead. “She’s perfect, isn’t she?”
Vincent pulled the bundle of blankets closer to his chest.
“She’s everything you could have dreamed,” continued Lynn. “Everything you did dream.”
“I want you to leave,” said Vincent.
The voice of the nurse responded instead of Lynn. “Vincent?”
Lynn didn’t take her eyes off him. “You must see clearly.”
“I want you to leave,” he said again.
“You must see clearly, Vincent.” Her words came out garbled and just a fraction behind her lips, her body flickered worse than before. 
“Vincent?” the nurse called to him again. He could hear her footsteps, could feel the warmth returning to his Lenses.
“You must see—” Lynn disappeared and the room was once again filled with movement, but before Vincent could recover, he was back in his all-white bed and the heat was back in his eyes. The nurse stood over him beaming from ear to ear.
“Your treatment is complete,” she said. “You’re free to go. Would you like me to call you a transport?”
Vincent made no response. He could hear only the echo of Lynn’s voice in his head. Not her words, just her voice, just her indiscernible drone like that of an annoying gnat. Whatever taunting news she carried of his treatment was a mere interruption. It was nothing compared to the fluttering thump in his chest while he gazed at Jessica, the joyful wetness of his eyes while he held the little girl …
“Vincent,” the nurse prompted him again. “Would you like a transport?”
Vincent shook his head. There was no transport that could take him to the hospital he had just left. Only the slips of glass over his eyes could do that.
The nurse started for the hall with a smile, and by the time she had passed through the door, Vincent’s mind had dissolved of all thoughts of Lynn, and his Lenses were again thick with mist. 
*  *  *  *  *  *
Lynn emerged from the Newlife simulation feeling out of breath. She drank in the damp, soil-smelling air in ragged gulps, as if having just resurfaced from a long dive.
She sat in a dim office in a tunnel made of dirt. Where there weren’t old-fashioned computer screens, wires hung from the walls in great bundles, and antiquated yellow lightbulbs from the ceiling on flimsy-looking wires.
Next to her was a woman of similar age, but who looked much worse because of it. Her skin was bleached with a spectral pallor, her black hair streaked with strands of wilting gray, and her broad face fixed into a permanent, weathered frown.
“Did the gap in surveillance hold out?” she asked Lynn.
“We’re safe.” Lynn stared at the black screen in front of her without standing. “Newsight was blind.”
“Then why didn’t you tell him?”
“You know it’s not that simple. Newlife would read it in his thoughts.”
The woman’s expression soured. She glanced at the screen. “We can’t wait much longer.”
“We’ve waited fifty years.”
“But with the product perfected Newsight can—”
Lynn held up a hand for silence. “I, of all people do not need reminded of the timeline. It is of my department’s creation.”
The woman frowned, eyes still on the screen, cracked lips parted in a silent protest. Lynn softened.
“We’ll be all right, Ruth. I’m doing everything I can. You know how great of a risk it was for me to come here.”
Ruth looked ready to answer when the screen in front of them flickered to life. It showed the hospital room with Vincent and Jessica and the girl.
“Jessica really is beautiful,” said Lynn. “She has your eyes.”
Ruth turned from the screen, blinking rapidly, and changed the subject. “What do we do with Vincent?”
“We’ll have to clear another surveillance gap.” Lynn watched the feed as she spoke, saw Vincent pass the child back to Jessica, saw the vibrant smile on his lips. “But for now, let him be.”
Leaving Ruth to resume her station in front of the monitor, Lynn stood from her seat and started down the tunnel. She traversed the passage in silence until coming to a thick, sliding wooden door. Once past it, she heard nothing but the pecking of keyboards and prattle of voices.
The room was shaped like an enormous, underground cafeteria, with long, rusted tables running from wall to wall, and with well over a hundred men and women to line them. Only here, instead of lunch trays, the people bent over dirt-streaked laptops.
A grubby man with a kind face spun around when he saw Lynn. He muttered his farewell, and as she passed, several others did the same. A smile rose to Lynn’s lips as she walked, not so much at the workers’ short words as at their eyes. Though all were worn at the edges with crow’s feet and circled underneath by purple bags, and though bloodshot from staring at their screens and dilated from endless hours of effort, they were brilliantly bright. For in their stares there was no blur or distortion of color, no leech-like lines or flickering glass rims – there was only the Lens-less glow of hope.
Thanks for reading! I hope you enjoyed the story. If you did, I have good news: there’s a whole world left to be explored. I have two more books in the works: the story of how John infiltrated the Newsight HQ, and the Newsight origin story. You can check out sample chapters of each at masonengel.com/next.

Thanks again!

Mason
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Mason Engel is a 23-year-old science-fiction writer from Columbus, Indiana. Though he graduated from Purdue University with a degree in mathematics, Mason is obsessed with the power of words and the stories they tell. 
