2180, A Future Reborn
Copyright 2014 Skot David Wilson 
Published by Skot David Wilson at Smashwords
ISBN: 9781311151179 
Title: 2180, A Future Reborn
Author: Skot David Wilson
Publisher: Smashwords, Inc. 

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

The Relatively Dry Prologue
The world Sk'lar and Julsey were born into was a basically brand new one. The Industrial Age had passed into history along with the Stone Age, Bronze Age, Iron Age, Middle Ages, and the Age of Enlightenment which all came before it. There was no consensus on what to call these times people were living in since the Great Collapse, or the Reset as it was also known. The best way to describe it, however, was the Age of Sustainability, since that was focus of humanity's efforts following a few decades of suffering by both nature and humankind. For the first time in human history, peoples and nations were working towards building a better world rather than to abuse it and take it for granted.
There had been many great changes in the world following the Great Collapse of 2032. Sea level had risen by 16 meters in the 150 years from 2000 to 2150 as a result of climate change, or global warming, or whatever anyone wanted to call it. Sea level had been basically stable and slowly receding, moving down one foot since hitting maximum in 2151. By the end of the Industrial Age, the excess of carbon that had been spewed into the atmosphere over the preceding two centuries had wrecked havoc upon the natural order of things. When the methane trapped in the world's tundra was finally released due to temperature rise, global warming went into high gear. The rapid melting of the polar caps and glaciers in the late 21st century had caused enough of a reduction in salinity to stop cold water from sinking and had shut down the great oceanic conveyor belt, and the only offset which saved the world from becoming totally ice free for the first time in 34 million years or so was the fact that the Gulf Stream had shifted south and that the dust that had been generated from The Middle East War in 2036, and a brief exchange between North Korea and China, had been the start of a new cooling cycle. 
The beginnings of a new global cooling cycle had been initiated by these man made atrocities and abuses of the environment, and a program was instituted by what was left of the remaining civilized nations to help the process along by filling the stratosphere with sulfuric acid, polluting it to keep the cooling trend going. Once the process was kick-started, the earth's natural processes started to take over. oceanic salinity began to rise again the great oceanic conveyor had started up again by 2130. 
In the 2030's and 2040's the Earth's population had gone from 9 billion to 1 billion in just a little more than a decade. The economic collapse happened first, and the wars and famines and starvation that followed had taken their toll, but in 2041 a global pandemic with a world wide 80% mortality rate swept across the globe. In months just about 5 billion survivors of the economic collapse and other tribulations had been reduced by another 4 billion plus. The survivors didn't beat the virus, they had a genetic component in their DNA which made them immune to it. It was as if the Earth had decided that enough was enough and was going to reset itself. That actually became the name of the amalgamation of the wars, disasters, mass starvation, cultural and economic collapses and The Middle East War, and included what was called World War Three, which was really just a bunch of inter-related skirmishes and police actions. It was named The Great Reset, later shortened to just simply “The Reset.”
It was now the year 2180. There was no more Wall Street, IMF, World Bank, multi-national corporations, UN, or major world powers so to speak. There just wasn't enough people to sustain them, and with close to 90% of the world's population gone, there had been no more international trade to speak of, no reasons to seek to invade or manipulate other nations, and that had not been eliminated by design, it was just the natural result, the effect resulting from the cause; even religious and ethnic conflicts had vanished. There was a brief period where a few radical religious states rose to power, but no antichrist or devil could be identified, and they were over in a hurry. People simply got tired of useless hate when survival was more important. The culprit for our destruction was determined to be ourselves. 
Many nations had made doomsday provisions and contingency plans in secret, and after things had somewhat settled out by the 2060's they slowly began to emerge and started to provide direction and stability in cooperation with each other. Redevelopment was taking place and communication was back up, most of the basic infrastructure for the internet and global communication was still in place, even though global trade had essentially vanished. A world-wide census was taken in the year 2100 and the Earth's population was estimated at 1.4 billion, by 2180 is was somewhere near 2.1 billion world-wide. Things had been better, and with a high, very high level of literacy world wide society was finally much more civil and progressive.  
All money and wealth was now either barter equity, commodity, or precious metal based. The remnants of infrastructure and manufactured goods that remained and which were in a state of decay were restored or recycled, and whole new industries were generated around bringing back the comforts of the modern age, many of which were now found in forms that used renewable energy, sustainable agriculture, and natural and non-toxic materials. After things changed for the worse, there wound up being many more people banding together in small communities for mutual and self preservation than anyone had ever expected there would be. Common people simply stood together and for each other, and those who would first mutually defend each other against the dark forces of the world then banded together to seek out and abolish any kind of gangs or warlords or tyrants. 
When the remnants of governments emerged from their underground arks they also supported those efforts. A movement swept through many former nations, and they created joint task forces who would seek out and disband or destroy any power structures which were cruel or oppressive, or who posed a threat to future stability. These coalitions would liberate any peoples who were being abused, and help them set up new communities of their own or join others which had started the process of reshaping human society.
With the degree of weaponry available to man and the memory of how weapons were used and what had been lost, those with power set in place a system of checks and balances to insure no abuses of power or wealth ever threatened humanity again. With the means of global communication still in the world, as well as the means to produce power, and the new availability of resources when the demand was vastly reduced from the great loss of population, news of what was happening in the world would make its way even to the most remote regions of earth. The United Nation was gone, but a new organization formed named simply “The Alliance”. All the forming members refused to consider a world government or central authority, but they did choose to submit to some aspects of international law and gave a some laws global and universal teeth. The International Bill of Human Rights was only one of a few ideas that came directly from the now defunct United Nations, and the original wording had only been strengthened. This document had been modified to include protection of the earth and nature as well as man, and was incorporated into the fabric of human association, discourse, and conduct. All member nations had to insure those most basic rights, and if any new government or society did not agree and adhere to these provisions, they could not enter the Alliance nor travel or trade with Alliance member states. There was no need for a global government if all unique and individual nations and governments enforced the same basic human rights, and laws designed to protect the earth and make man's activity one of a steward rather than a rapist. To insure this, global laws and standards were enforced at a local level, and true power was vested at the root levels of society rather than trying to enforce things from the top down.
Much of New York City was now underwater, and the Island was mostly deserted. There were maybe 2 million people living in what was once Long Island, Southwest Connecticut, New York City and the Hudson River Valley, and North Jersey to the West. There were about 100,000 people living in the new province of Jersey Shore. What were once states, counties, and towns and cities were now provinces the size of several counties. New York City was gone, deserted. What was South Jersey up to the Raritan Bay was now the Shore Province; what was left of Brooklyn, Queens, the Bronx, and Long Island were now the Island Province; Manhattan was now part of the Province of South Connecticut, North Jersey was now the Province of North Jersey and the Hudson River Valley was now the Province of Hudson Valley. 
Skyscrapers in Manhattan were crumbling and toppling over from time to time, and many older cities were overgrown from years of being unoccupied and unattended, but many other cities were being transformed, reborn, and renewed. There were solar and wind generating stations everywhere, farms and hothouses, local markets, and schools and medical centers. Roads were being restored, but railways were the primary source of travel between provinces or for any distance. There were still some internal combustion engines around, but they ran on alcohol or bio-diesel, and most vehicles were electric, and some hybrid. Hydrogen drives and power storage and delivery was only recently being explored as well.
It was a reborn world of high tech, powered by renewable and clean energy, and low tech, agricultural, organic, and sustainable industries. Crime was now pretty much non-existent. The was no longer any reason for people to steal, and children were taught civics and tolerance from an early age. Universal compulsory education with emphasis on civics produced societies of civility and tolerance and innovation. Communities were close knit, and emphasis was now on betterment of the human spirit rather than acquisition of wealth at any cost. No politician could serve in any office for more than a single six year term in any one position, and could not serve in more than three positions throughout their life, and also had to take a full term off inbetween serving any kind of term. Lobbyists and PAC's were illegal, and for capital crimes the penalty was sometimes exile to one of several isolated communities where offenders either worked at rehabilitation, or were imprisoned and worked producing their own food. Out of an area of 2 million people only 200 people were incarcerated, and the only prison was on what remained of Staten Island. It was more of a therapy center than a prison. 
The lessons of how badly mankind had abused the world and each other was so engrained and entrenched in the human psyche, so endemic, that for the first time man's level of humanity had exceeded the level of technology. In remote regions a few small pockets of lawlessness still existed here and there, but there weren't many. There were still challenges to overcome and dangers to be faced from time to time, but for those born into this world civilization was much more firmly moving forward on a road to prosperity rather than one of self destruction.
Chapter One
Sk'lar was born at 4:42 a.m, in rough seas about 20 miles away from Twin Lights in the Highlands, east by southeast into the Atlantic. His father was a fisherman and lobsterman, and his mother had joined him that day with an excuse to pull lobster traps and harvest a catch with him that day, even though she was really just there to keep him company. When she went into labor a week earlier than expected while an hour away from land, she couldn't make it to hospital or even the shore in time, so Sk'lar was delivered by his father in the sea swell of a choppy Atlantic. 
Sk'lar was given a name by his mother so she could continue the surname of his maternal grandparents. Lynn's maiden name was Sk'lar, and she was the last of the Sk'lar blood line; and with no brothers that last name would have died with her father when his time to pass had come. She gave her maiden surname to her son as his first name in order to keep the name alive for at least one more generation, something which touched very deeply Sk'lar's maternal grandfather. Richard Sklar, her father's father, had broken down into tears over it when they docked and Lynn placed the newborn into her grandfather's arms, then surprised him with the name she had chosen for her son. Her father, Stephan, was equally taken by the name given to his brand new grandson.
Alexander Duncan, the father made midwife-at-sea, lifted his wife up onto the dock, and jumped from the deck of the boat to the dock like a wild deer jumping a fallen log in the woods despite having just given birth two hours earlier. Such a loud and vocal man at times, Al was oddly silent and seemed contemplative and at a loss for words at the sight of his father-in-law and grandfather-in-law holding his son between them and them having heard the name and witnessing their reaction to it. He stepped in front of Lynn and bent down and softly kissed her. “Yurrrrr sumthin there.” was all he could get out. 
The young old salt had been laughing ever since he heard Sk'lar's first cries. They weren't frantic, but more of a calling baby's first sounds. He was washed off with seawater. Al remembered that at the instant he came out he had looked up from his beautiful young bride and glanced to the right to see a young right whale breach then splash millions of drops of water skyward when it fell back to the sea, spray like aquatic fireworks exploding. He also remembered the big school of about 80 Clymene dolphin escorting them almost all the way home. 
Julsey was born about six months later in hospital in Ridgewood, in the Province of North Jersey in the newly reclaimed and restored New Valley hospital. Marcus and Lucinda Paul had a small business restoring machinery, and they specialized in large pumps, cranes, and electric motors. He fixed them and she helped and painted them and met supply with demand. It was a natural choice that they were invited to live as custodians of the Great Falls hydroelectric generating station in New Patterson, North Jersey, and Marc and Lucinda's shop was even moved into a maintenance building fo they could continue working to rebuild or restore old machinery, which Marcus especially would have missed. Julsey grew up helping her parents run the station and rebuild equipment. They came to specialize in creating small hydro electric systems from pumps and generators scavenged from old industrial and utility sites.
That was the nature of society and commerce, to rebuild and restore, but to also do so in sustainable ways using or generating sustainable energy. This new direction wasn't driven by a desire to reject the ways of the past or a type of system just because it was fiscally profitable or long vested; paths were chosen instead because they were pragmatic and logical, and had a real benefit to society, and many were actually were very economical or profitable since there wasn't any drive or selfish or ulterior motive to work simply for profit which often produced waste and costs in hidden forms. There were no longer any property or income taxes, but there was a flat 20% tax on all goods or services across the board that went into things like restoring rails and roadways, providing free medical services, maintaining provincial defenders who not only acted in the manner of of a militia but would cycle with others reclaiming and restoring old industrial sites, old buildings, and doing other civic work and work which benefited all of society, and not just an elite. There weren't big public works or street departments or types of public service departments, even though there were a few full time bureaucrats and employees who did this kind of work, managed it. Normally everyone just put in a few days to a week every month performing public service or work. It was sweat equity in one's own society and community. It was cost effective and eliminated the need for heavy taxation. The people were the government and basically provided the social services and utilities they needed themselves, and built their own infrastructure together. It created a deep sense of pride in one's own community, and people got to know each other sharing in communal work. 
Julsey was 19, in her second year of college studying horticulture, and she even worked part time at a pizza parlor, mostly because Beth and Ann worked there. She had taken the train down to the Shore many times to vacation and loved the water as much as she loved hiking in the Watchungs. She had even learned to surf when she was 17 over the summer. She loved flowers and plants and wanted to become a florist specializing in exotic flowers, herbs, and native plant species and habitat restoration.
Sk'lar grew up on the water with his father, who when he wasn't fishing was training others in sea rescue. Sk'lar graduated primary school early and took an interest in oceanographic studies, and at 19 was in the last semester of his senior year in college working on both academic and real world projects in aquaculture and marine environmental and ecosystem and habitat restoration. He had moved not too far away from his parents and into an old stone church that was built in the mid 1800's, and was restoring it to use not only as a home for himself, but also as a lab and business office. He was given a boat that was slated for retirement by the college, and was being considered for an appointment by the province to start and run a facility to turn the north shore of the Navesink River and Bay into aquatic pens for seafarming and aquaculture. His childhood friend, Lawrence, had joined him and Sk'lar put him in charge of construction of equipment he designed and to operate a small seafarm.
In many ways Sk'lar and Julsey's lives had mirrored each other. Both were raised by loving parents and had a great example set for them to follow. They both had dated casually, had known what love and infatuation felt like, but neither one had ever met their soulmate yet, and they each knew it. Both of them dreamed of and wanted more from both life and love, and both had the kind of personality and stubbornness to wait for it. Sk'lar had just ended a relationship with a girl named Laura, and while he loved her, after a short period of mild heartbreak he felt lucky it ended before it did get serious. She was just a hint too cynical and critical for his taste, despite those things that were good in their relationship. Julsey had dated a young man who was a mason and sculptor, but the guy was always more interested in whatever project he was working on, and he always put her second, and she had grown tired of it. 
It had been months since either one cared enough to even consider dating, and both seemed focused on simply just finishing college before worrying about anything else in their lives. They didn't need or want the distractions. Beth made Julsey promise to go with her to the Festival this year, and she was holding her to it. Sk'lar had been working too hard, and his mother told him if he didn't take a break that she'd go to the Province and demand that they force him to take the mandatory vacation time he had ignored for two years. Lynn had gone to Lawrence and made him promise to take Sk'lar to Festival. Sky didn't agree until Lawrence went on strike, just sitting on the dock for four hours doing nothing until Sk'lar would agree to go. They had both had boarded trains to Festival within five minutes of each other that sunny Saturday morning. They both were starting a journey much longer than a train ride, but neither one knew that yet.
Chapter Two
Sk'lar and Julsey had gone to Festival dressed casually, not looking for nor expecting to meet anyone. Festival was a great was for late high school to college age people to meet members of the opposite, and sometimes the same, sex, so people going to Festival would normally dress in either their regional colors or in trade or guild or collegiate clothing so people knew where they were from or what their vocation was. It was considered a form of introduction, a way to give people a subject matter to discuss to break the ice among strangers, like wearing a name tag at a party, and was also a showing of pride for on'es home, trade, or school. 
If people weren't interested in finding companionship or talking much, they wore loose fitting clothing in plain colors, if they were, they advertised. There were signs people would wear that described them to others. Women would wear light pink if they were interested in dating and red if they were taken. Men would wear something light blue if they were looking and dark blue if they were taken, or they could also wear yellow, meaning they weren't looking necessarily but were open to making new friendships. A rainbow band was for someone who was looking for someone of the same sex, and a green band meant someone was interested in casual conversation but nothing more. Wearing colors were common mostly for those 35 to 40 or younger, and very common at Festival for those 15 to 30 more normally. No color displayed or something white or light and neutral meant that a person did not want much interaction and didn't have their hat in the ring. These were basics of social interaction.
Julsey was dressed simply in a long flowing cream colored jacket which was almost as long as the skirt underneath. It hid the more voluptuous contours of her body. Sk'lar had on simple, thick fabric tan jeans, almost the same design as standard classic blue jeans had been, just in a different color, and built with utilitarian pockets like pre-collapse tactical pants or cargo pants had been. He had on a thick flowing off-white cotton shirt and a gray shark hide vest he had tanned himself with his father's help when he was 16. It gave him a sense of his being tied to the sea, but was still simple enough to be considered as “not advertising” wear. The custom was similar to the Amish men using beards to advertise if they were married or not, or the use of rings on left hands in the past. These two were going to Festival because they were being dragged to it to a degree, and they both just wanted to hear music, and eat and drink, that was the extent of it for them.
The Festival of the Harvest, which was simply known commonly as “The Festival”, was the biggest regional event of the year, an there had to be 50,000 people there. Sk'lar went into a spirits shop to get Lawrence and himself a few icy brews for the concert on the green. While he was choosing a beer he turned to his right and their she was. Their eyes met and the two were simply locked in time and space for a moment, it was one of those magical “love at first sight” meetings everyone always romanticizes about, but which in fact is much more rare. There was a emotional nakedness and sense of recognition that was mutually exchanged between them. Colors and the social custom of colors just didn't apply here. Each knew immediately that there was more than just a physical attraction, but a familiarity that felt like like looking into a mirror and knowing one's own face. The part that was humorous about all of this was that these two were both well guarded individuals, and with one glance that was gone and the personal quest to find someone special that completes a person was over for them; that each had completely surrendered to the other, and both knew they had won by doing so. The fact that this happened when they were dressed so simply would confused everyone but them. They word their ribbons in things seen on a much deeper level.
“Hey Yo, most 'mazing eyes I've ever.” were his first words to her. As much as he felt awkward he was overwhelmed by the need to say something not to allow this moment to pass.“Hey, I'm Julsey, eh?” she introduced herself, glad he had started talking to her. “Sk'lar.” He introduced himself and continued. “C-c-coolness. Like to hit Festival with me?” he asked. “Yusss, think 'dat sound nice” She answered as she lit up to a glow, dipping her shoulders and looking upwards a little with a gesture or happy anticipation. They automatically knew they were right for each other, felt the mutual attraction, that the person and personality before them was a perfect fit, and that the other particulars of likes and dislikes, and habits and beliefs, were just finer details that were nuances to be discovered, enjoyed and shared, or known and respected; that the root of who each other truly was on the inside seemed as if it had been custom tailored to fit each other. 
They had each come with friends, each of whom had witnessed this exchange and just watched in absolute amazement from about 6 meters away. “Your friend o'er there big brotherin' us?” Sk'lar asked. “Yussss. Beth; that dude next to her.....” “Yeah-yeah, that'd be Lawrence. Waay tight him n- me, like a brother.” There was a brief pause as they slowly turned away from this distraction, a break in interaction like taking a breath before diving again. “Ditto for Beth” she turned further to face the clerk, pulling out some coin to pay for the bottle of wine she went there to buy, then she cocked her head back and looked him dead in the eyes, no longer playing the eye darting game of bashful contact. “Hope they find common ground and can speak, yo. I wanna invest some time witcha.” Translated, she just said that basically that she hoped they both would like each other and could find something to talk about, that she hoped her friend would be busy with his friend talking and getting to know each other so she could have some time with Sk'lar. Sky smiled like a Cheshire cat. The manner of speech, the language, even the accent all were basic American English, but the grammar, slang, inflections and colorful use or words were like a colorful dance, and they danced well together. The flamboyance of interactive speech when first meeting was a way of showing interest, and they was no mistake they were doing that.
They finished their business with the spirits merchant and walked together to the friends they had come to Festival with. “Lawrence, meet Julsey, eh?  This-is Beth, her bud. Yo Beth, I'm Sk'lar.” Sk'lar banged it out so names made it all the way around the foursquare circle there near the front door of the store. Julsey added from there. “Lawrence, straight-up cool t'meet ya.” Then Beth and Lawrence looked at each other and one said “yop” and one said “hey”, but who said which is a forgotten mystery that doesn't matter anyway. “Let's catch some sounds” Lawrence suggested, happy his friend had found someone, he even found female companionship for him in the process. “Yusss” Beth responded, followed by a “way yessss” from Julsey. Neither friend had been consulted about this change in plans before it happened, but what could they say? One look at the pair and anyone would assume they had been together for a while despite having just met less then ten minutes earlier, and you'd have an easier time stealing a meaty bone from a starving dog than separate them from each other.
On the walk to the green in the park, with a love ballad playing in the distance, their hands sort of just fell into each others' and they easily just started telling each other stories about who they were, where they came from, what they believed in, what their likes and dislikes were. The conversation of the afternoon centered upon their interaction or maybe a brief comment on whatever song was playing; Lawrence and Beth only being able to insert little bits of conversation or comment here and there, each one of them like a third wheel. Finally Beth said to Lawrence in a low tone “We're not wanted in any of that conversation, right?” Lawrence shrugged his shoulders and said “Oh, well, is what it is.....  so, you've been to Festival before I take it?” They started their own conversation. 
They found a place to watch the pianist on stage, and Sk'lar put his spontaneous date upon his shoulders so she could see better. He stood above the crowd and she below. Lawrence thought obligated to do the same for Beth but she was taller and help up her palm and shook her head “no”, and they stood side by side with Julsey and Sk'lar a little in front and to the left of them. They both noticed how Julsey was using her index finger to trace little circle above Sk'lar's thumb as they held hands with her perched on him. They both smiled as they stood or sat and watched the various musicians together. The afternoon of listening to music and drinking wine evolved, and their suspicions about each other were confirmed more and more, that they fit each other really well. Lawrence and Beth also had a kind of chemistry between them. They were both on the slightly rude and arrogant side, so they were playfully confrontational with each other. From then on for some time no one would know if they liked or hated each other.
Festival was over at sunset, and Mark posed the question on his mind. He didn't want this to end, and made a bold, spontaneous suggestion. “Just got some land sideby Navesink Bay.  Think maybe coming down and investin' time with me there, yo? Week or two maybe.” The response was instantaneous. “Yussss, just need some things ta-go with -nd let my ma and daddy know first. Yous come ta my home meet'em first? Then we go down the Shore, yo?” Sk'lar couldn't contain the happy expression on his face. “Excellent, coolness, waay..” he said, slight pauses inbetween, and they started their way back to The Great Falls in Patterson to meet her parents and for her to pack a bag.
After the short street tram ride across town to the Hub, Sk'lar bid goodbye to Lawrence and Sk'lar joined Julsey and Beth on the ride back to her her home in the North Jersey Province. The train passed through small villages and towns which had sprung up amidst the ruins of the urban sprawl which once was spread out through the entire region. They fell asleep and missed their stop, and disembarked when the train reached the end of the line in Ridgewood. They used a “go car” to get back to Patterson. Go cars were small electric cars a little bigger than old golf carts used to be and were free to use so long the privilege wasn't abused. 
After they got off the train, their speech became a little less inflected with the flamboyant style of youth. Colorful speech was very popular with the young, it sounded cool and used inflections of tone and conjunctions and abbreviations which made it fun, but there was a more academic form of speech which was much more common. The codes of dress and trends in speech were social tools the young put on and served the function of a peacocks feathers of a songbird's song or dance in mating. It was designed to impress, to dance through conversations, to have a fluid almost poetic tone to it and to impress. It worked well. The use of wit was equally important in this process. This nuance of custom worked to impress by being artful in conversation and human intercourse. There didn't seem to be any need to impress each other between them though, no reason for a protracted courtship. Verbal interplay could seem forced, but they found they were just simply on the same page automatically.
“So, check it; I'm vested in this project now, been working to restore a fish called salmon to the ocean and rivers. A-lantic ones been gone since the Reset, and I got Pacific ones sent from university out there. If done right, loads of fish 'ill be swimin' upstream every year, just net the rivers and save eggs from females for next generation, and it keeps repeating.” Mark explained the gem of his many projects to them. 
“Like that, sounds sharp. I'kin skip classes -nd do others onweb and not slip much. I'll spend some time n'see how it all fits, how we fit.” Julsey stated clearly. “I've got a few things I want to see come from what I'm doin', but it's like I've known you forever and belong with you. This is blowing my mind, I don't do this impulsive stuff. It's not my normal.” Julsey was amazed at herself making such a rash decision that was so out of character for her, and it almost sounded as if she was second guessing her decision aloud. Sk'lar looked away for a moment, then back at her and smiled. Beth just sat silent, this was waaay tooo serious for her. They both didn't even seem to notice she could hear everything being said, they just were honest enough not to need to hide anything.
“Never though for a fraction of a second I'd meet anyone and feel so much so fast. I wasn't lookin', don't need n-ny 'stractions in my life either. Lot's ridin' here, but it is what it is. Up to meetin' you at Festival it felt like somethin' was missin' and I didn't know what. Makes sense now.” Sk'lar admitted. Julsey smiled as they were pulling into the driveway of the gocar parking lot, which ironically was right next to the train station they had slept past, all about a kilometer away from her home at the Great Falls Generating Station. In addition to hydroelectric, Marcus Paul had the vision to build wind turbines to store energy in the form of hydrogen which generated by the excess energy generated by hydro or wind which went unused in non-peak hours. He had them erected wind turbines on nearby Garret Overlook just to the south of their home, and Julsey, with the help of her mother Lucinda, had been trying to restore seed stocks of rare plants and plants which were endangered, rare, or no longer common in agricultural use inbetween the turbines. The hydrogen was produced from water above the falls, and was starting to be stored then shipped to more rural farms and villages that wasn't part of any electric grid, and for hydrogen powered fuel cell vehicles, which were replacing the last of the combustion based engines. 
They walked a block north diverting a little to walk Beth home. Beth had felt like a fly on the wallpaper pretty much since the two hooked up at Festival, even moreso on the train ride, and now especially as Julsey and Sk'lar were walking her wrapped upon his right arm. Sk'lar noticed Beth and sensed she felt left out, so he shrugged Julsey off just a little and looped his arm and elbow, then looped his left so his hands were on his hips at his sides turning him into a human sugarbowl. “Yo, over here and sideby” he told Beth with a demanding smile. “Apologize for stealin' this'un here all day, but I had to, couldn't be helped. Striaghtup fits, ya think.?” Sky concluded with a playful smile. Julsey leaned her head forward to look Beth in the face and smiled. “Yusssss.....” she beamed.  Beth tilted her head and smirked. “K.” is all she said, forgiving them for basically ignoring her the whole way home and the bulk of the day. The conversation went to the songs and musicians they had heard and seen that day, like a review and recap. All Beth said as she kissed cheeks goodbye to her friend was “yous guys look good together”. 
The walk to the old keeper's cottage was made at a much slower pace, as if neither one wanted to see the moments of shared solitude end. Julsey was explaining to Sk'lar how all this might upset her parents, and to wait until morning to tell them that she was heading out the next day to spend at a minimum of two weeks away from home with someone she had just met earlier that day. She could see her father up reading through the large plate glass window as they approached the old stone, wood, and slate cottage. She opened the heavy, old, Kelly green oak door and they went inside. “Daddy, this is Sk'lar. We met at Festival and I 'sisted he come home with to meet you -n mom. I 'vited him to spend the night.” Marcus looked surprised, but not at all upset.
“Honored, Sir...” Sk'lar let out eagerly as he extended his hand.
“Same, call me Marc or Marcus, or Mister Paul, whatever.” Marcus Paul set out how he wished to be addressed as he took Sk'lars hand and grasped it in a firm shake, looking him over, and noticing the young man presented himself without flinching.
“Yes, Sir......   Mister Paul.” Sk'lar said with humility and respect.
“Preich, but not Sir, please. I already feel like I'm getting' too old, too fast.”
Sk'lar smiled and shook his head in acknowledgment of the request.
“Sounds like this one was raised old ways, Jules. How'd ya' find him?” Marc asked jokingly.
“We just found each other, daddy. Turned and he was next to me and we been sideby since 'cept for bathroom breaks.” Julsey explained with a little laugh as Sk'lar seemed to ever so slightly blush. He said softly so the young man wouldn't overhear, “Met mom that way, Jules. Took my breath from me, still does.” 
Julsey rose her right hand to her father's left cheek and with her hand somewhere between an open cup and a loose fist brought the tips of her fingernails and knuckles sliding slowly and softly down from his temple to his chin. Open displays of affection were common in their home. She did this with her head tilted in admiration. “Don't make your daddy into a mush pot” was Marc's only protest or defense. He was uncommonly bashful at the moment. She reached up on her toes and kissed his cheek, and when she was done she reached up her lips to his ear and whispered, “Don't worry daddy, that secret is safe. I love you.” Not to break his attempt at a harder persona, Marcus simply excused himself for the evening. As he started walking up the stairs to rest by Lucinda's side he leaned back to watch the young man sitting in the breakfast nook at his little girl began making them both tea. He for an instant had a vision of the mannerisms and positions of the two, and realized this was a mirror vision of Lucinda and his' first night in this cottage, which had been his home for 16 years now. He felt very comfortable with this young man. His little girl was growing up, and he realized she was a woman now.
Chapter Three
Lucinda was the first to awake. She had been asleep when Marcus had come to bed, so didn't know they had company spending the night. She was surprised to see this moderately bronzed, dirty blonde young man sleeping on their couch with her daughter nestled underneath his neck. She placed her hand softly upon Julsey's foot, just enough to wake but not startle her.
“What is this?” she asked with feigned curiosity, slightly higher pitch than her normal voice, already knowing that for her daughter, who was very picky when it came to male companionship, must have found someone she really liked and brought him home. Julsey woke up not too slowly, and eased off this hansome young man who had swept her off her feet. “Morning mom, his name is Sk'lar, -nd he's from Shore Province down round Red Bank and the Hook. We met at Festival -nd don't know, mom, something sparked between us, -nd we’ve been sideby ever since.”
“Wanna wakem now or make 'em breakfast first?” Lucinda said giving the option to her daughter. “How 'bout half b'tween?” Julsey asked in suggestion. Her mother smiled in agreement.
Marcus woke up and came downstairs in a hurried rush as if he was missing something, coming down the stairs so fast that he missed a few steps and almost fell, but made enough noise to wake Sk'lar who was cuddled up cozy on the old sofa. “Mmmmmmm Morning,” Sk'lar said, more of an open greeting. He awoke knowing where he was and why he was there, very alert and aware of his surroundings. He gave a stretch like a dog or cat stretches their whole body when they first wake up. “Morning young man, that's my wife, Lucinda. Seems both of 'em are makin' breakfast for us, smells good in there... how long 'til done, hun?” His direction shifting to his wife”. “Five maybe” came the reply.
The four ate breakfast together in the nook looking over the falls. The Great Falls was the biggest waterfall this side of Niagara and was a source of power since the early 1800's. After breakfast, Marc pulled Sk'lar aside and told him he had something he wanted to show him. “You wantin' to show off again, hun” Lucinda chided her husband jokingly. She turned to her daughter “Looks like you lost 'em for a little anyway.”
Julsey hollered out as the two men were leaving to go look at Marc's creations. “Yo, have fun, -n be where I can find ya, be up there soon as we're done here.” She told them both. “Yeah, I wanna see the garden you promised me soon as your up there.” He said with sincere interest. “Yusssss, soon as I'm done” she said with a sincere smile that beamed of childlike anticipation.“
The two men walked up to Lambert Castle, maybe two kilometers away, along an old road which despite its age was very well maintained and groomed. There were cultivated fields inbetween a series of wind turbines and a few greenhouses. “When Lucinda and I came here this had gone back natural, the road, everything just covered in brush. Friend at library found old books and in the old cloud there was data on this place. Was a park before the Reset, but now look at it, still lookin' like a park, but now with these I've tripled juice output, serves all around here. Julsey has a lot of this up here running nice, school kids do work it on the crops and it about runs itself.” He paused a brief second. So, what ya do down the Shore?”
“Aquaculture mostly, working to bring back a fish called salmon right now. Yo, they're takin the long rail here in a few weeks, a special car to carry live fish. Pen 'em in rivers til they taste the water, move'em upstream until they hit stillwaters then they spawn, Won't know 'til 4 to 6 years, but what hatches should come back 4 years, 5, 6, who knows, but no reason why not. Rest of it is takin' live catch and penning 'em til they breed and spawn, and some seafarming”
“Makes sense, sounds like rewarding work. You must like it.” was all Marcus said. 
“Straight up” was all that Sk'lar said, short for agreement with and recognizing the approval that Marcus had given it. 
Just then Lucinda and Julsey were walking the path to where the men were standing just to the west of Lambert Castle. Julsey wanted to impress him and was pulling out all the stops. She was wearing a light to medium olive green and tan sheer sundress with tan trim and a few black highlights. He hair was feathered, and she wore a pendant of a leaf sprouting from a seed within a circle in white gold around her neck. It was an archaic logo of one of the first horticultural guilds and had been passed down from her great, great grandmother, kept in the Paul family for years. It was what had inspired her to work with plants in the first place. When Sk'lar turned to look at her he was lost in that timeless feeling again. The day before it was connecting with her eyes and seeing her soul, and she his. Thismorning any remnants of an adolescent girl had faded and been transmuted into beautiful young woman. She was truly beautiful, almost stately, and although she knew she had attained the desired effect and messed his mind up a little, she, too, was observing how he walked, moved with grace and confidence, acted with reserve, as if he was an acrobatic bird flying between trees, able to land on any one branch at will. His heart was on his sleeve and he was brave enough to expose it, and it was a strong enough heart to endure, and she knew that. He was beyond just hansom to her, he was almost regal. 
When Marcus had turned he noticed again and even more the same thing about his baby girl, but it wasn't as much of a shock because he had seen her dressed to enhance her womanhood before; yet he allowed that to pass and watched Sk'lar's reaction with great interest. His allegiance to his gender superseded his loyalty to his daughter when he muttered under his breath “Boy, you're in trouble”. It was said as an acknowledgment of what he already knew about his daughter, that she was amazing, intelligent, beautiful, compassionate and passionate, gifted and kind. He had already lost his heart to someone like her years ago when he met her mother. Perhaps he also sense just a little of himself 25 years earlier in this young man, and could empathize with what he knew he'd be in store for, and happy for it.
Lucinda didn't miss a beat, either. The four had turned the corner and were now on the east side of Lambert Castle. “Marc, I need to talk to you about the schedule to rework the pumps for the Hudson Province.” He knew she was lying, but took the hint. Julsey walked up to him and she simply sat on a stone wall facing what once was New York City. The view from here was amazing. It was the first mountain of the Watchungs, which were an offshoot of the Appalachians. From the vantage point he could even make out the direction of his home. “This is beautiful up here” he said with a tinge of envy of her having grown up in what was essentially a giant garden.
“Yussss, way. I come here to read or think, yo. Sit here and wonder what lies over that horizon. Love it here, but I want more. Been here waay long, and I wanna go n'see what's beyond here.” she confessed.
“Just please don't come -n make an-en-scape using me as your ticket out. yo. I'm not out lookin' to sideby with anyone just to have someone there, and no time to play, so make sure you're straight up serious.”
She was quick to defend this decision to join him. “Never!” she locked her eyes into his. “Never play like that. Look close these into these windows to my soul here, see inside. I'd been waitin' for you-never knew I was I guess, but this feels right..... Don't know why but I trust this, yo. Goin' Sideby with you's ain't no game to me, first time I peeked your eyes yesterday it felt like dawn does right up here for me, peace in my heart, like I belong. No, this ain't no game for me, no usin' this as an excuse to go anywhere, either. I promise.”
“Same. Seen the sun rise thousand times or more, but never seen one near as beautiful as you, yo. Never felt anything fit like I feel for you, straight up.” He said as she stood before him, finally no longer curious or jealous of those instances when she was in the presence of true love. This was so sudden, but so right, and if this man was everything she felt he was then she finally understood what her mom meant when she always would say that “when yous know, you know, leave it at that.” and told her there wasn't anything else she could add to that wisdom and mystery.
“How 'bout we go to cafe or something tonight, and take the rail down the Shore in the morning?” Julsey asked. “Ya-ya... way, that's tight. We can do that. I like your mom and dad, reminds me a lot of mine. Wait, my mom 'ill love you like a daughter. My dad's got a shy side, least 'til e-knows ya' a little. Knowin 'em both and Lawrence with his big trap I 'spect them to be waitin' when we 'rive, yo.” Sk'lar answered and added trying to get her ready for the shoe going on the other foot.
The two waited until that night at dinner. when they had all gone to a new place on Market and Main downtown. to spring their plan to tell her parents the news. There was live lobster in a tank with turquoises and black bands on the claws. “That's my dad's bands, that's our catch. Tight, that's tight.” Sk'lar said with a chuckle excited to see his family's reach this far from home. “Yous wonder where it goes when you see it hit a train or truck, and it's different goin' to check where it goes, but when you see it by surprise it's kinda weird.” He added.
“I see my juice like that.” Marcus added, “It's like that. The way the world connects feels good. I go up to Castle at night or climb to the roof at hospital over there and look out and see lights looking like stars on the ground, and I say to myself 'Look what yous did', and it feels good that they're burnin' the juice I harvested.” 
This was as good a time as any. “Mom, daddy, I have somethin' I need to tell you....” Julsey made her announcement. Lucinda put her hand over Jule's and stopped her. “Your dad and I ain't stupid or blind, baby...   You're goin' to the Shore with him I'd guess. I don't think he's ready to settle in here up here anyway. Yous two gotta spark, and don't worry. If ya need home it's here waitin'.” She raised her glass, and Marcus followed waiting for the new couple toi join them for the toast. Lucinda looked at Marcus as if to both give permission and both tell him to and to ask that he make the toast for their daughter and her new beau. Marcus got the hint. “May yous two find love and adventure, may yous grow and find peace and happiness, and if it is the Will of the Spirit, may yous two find in each other parts your can't find without.” They toasted and then discussed details about Julsey moving down for a while to see if the shoe truly did fit. It truly would.
When Sk'lar got back with them to the cottage he made a skype to his parents. Al answered the call. “Yo, stranger, I've been wonderin' when you were callin'. Your dog keeps lookin' the at door, Lawrence brought him over last night, kept wakin me up sleeping on my feet, I ain't used to it. When u-commin' home, eh?” Sk'lar answered. “Goin' to rail morrow, trans at the Hub then down there. Be in Red Bank 'bout 11 or 12, d'pends on which train we connect with.” 
“Here's ya mom now... when Lawrence stopped by said you gotcha a looker, 'bout time boy. Good man alone is only half a man. Guess that's her there, you're the female who stole my boy's heart there, eh?” Al continued. Julsey blushed then replied. “Yusss, he's told tales 'bout you, Mister Duncan, nice to meet you.... ya know, we even saw your lobsters at cafe tonight, Sk'lar pointed 'em out.”
“Did 'e, well, he needs be to be catchin' some instead of showin' mine off, eh? You get 'em down here, my wife wants your two here somethin' bad. Yud think she was sitting on an egg since Lawrence was over spilling his guts 'bout ya.”
“Dontcya dare Al, yous stop now,” Lynn chided her husband. “Hey sweetie, I'm Lynn, Sky's mom. Dontchya let that old salt of mine mess with yur head. All noise, that one. First place you come is here. Are those your parents back there 'hind ya?”
“Yusss...” she said as her mother cut over her. “Hey, I'm Lucinda and this is my husband, Marcus... we're the Pauls.” 
“Hi Lucinda, I'm Lynn Duncan and this is my pain in the ass husband Al, Alexander, but call him Al...  Nice to meet you” 
“Same. Wunderful young man yous guys raised. Been a perfect gentleman.”
“Well, thanks... 'preich that. Now if I could only finish raising his father.” Lynn said, then chuckled. Lucinda looked over to her husband with a smirky smile and laughed a little more than Marc liked as she turned back to Lynn and nodded “yes”.
“Heard that!!!” Al called from the other room, coming back in. “I gotsa be up at 4 am, so I gotta call it a night, but nice meetin ya there, eh? See ya when yous get down here. I'll be out on the water so your moms 'ill have to getcha son, eh?”
“Yuppers, see ya tamorrow dad..... Mom, it is late, and we can do this again soon. I can message or call....”
“I'll just be at the station waitin' for ya, Sky. I can sip some tea 'til ya get there. See ya when you get off the rail, hunny.”
“K....” Sk'lar finished. Everyone said goodbyes and nice to meet yous over each other for a few more seconds and the skype ended. Julsey felt like she already knew them both. 
They all stayed up until about 3 a.m. packing. The boys went to bed and Lucinda and Julsey stayed up a little longer chatting more like sisters than mother and daughter. Lucinda brought Jules to their bedroom and she quietly picked up her jewelry box, and they went back into the living room and parked themselves on the couch. Lucinda opened the box and took out an antique yin/yang symbol which had been passed down in her family for over two hundred years. As she put it around her daughter's neck they both started to cry a happy cry. 
“Mommy, I should be afraid I think but I'm not, not a bit.....” Julsey laid this fact on her mother. Lucinda said, “I should be sad, but I ain't either; all your dad and I ever wanted was for you to be happy.”
“Mom, for the first time I might really be. I felt was I missin' sumthin', yo. Sounds strange, but felt him there before I even looked at 'em, and like I've known him my entire life.”
“Baby, been and done, long ago. I get it, I know. Just remember, if ya' both put each other before your own self, ya both 'ill get more out of it. When ya surrender your soul to love, it might be a risk, but there's so much more reward.... Don't be 'fraid to risk your heart and share your soul... yous ain't gunna find anything if ya don't. Just be careful, this is new and fast, and it might be infatuation, so so risk more pain than you can endure, not at first anyway.” Julsey understood and just nodded. They had had similar hypothetical conversations before. Jules knew how to be careful. There just didn't feel like there was any reason to here, and if it was a mistake, it would be a life lesson. She was ready to go. She had waited for someone special long enough, she was ready to let someone in.
Chapter Four
Jules has woken Sk'lar up from the couch where he zonked out exhausted, and led him by the hand to her room. Her bed was draped with maroon and cream batik curtains, and she had lit candles and incense. This was the first male she ever had in her room at night, the first time ever she experience any type of sex that wasn't committed to herself by herself in the home she was raised in. She had told her mother before Lucinda had gone to bed that she wanted him, couldn't get the images of him out of her mind, and it was drenching her underwear every time she was near him. Her mother told her if she had a problem like that that she better just fix it, so in the attic of the cottage at the dam overlooking Great Falls, Sk'lar and Julsey made love for the first time. Neither one were virgins, but a certain kind of virginity was offered to and lost to each other that night.
He was forceful and took control, but was gentle and slow and deliberate. He started by caress and then provided gentle kisses that gave her chills and goosebumps. With his mouth he went up and down her body until he burred his face in her musk. As she exploded in climax she flooded his face, something she didn't expect and was a completely new reaction and experience, and when he rose to and finally enter her and she arched her back, locking his legs so he couldn't escape, and thrust back and in time with him until they both reached that blissful state together and collapsed exhausted. The bedding was soaked, and they both sweat so much they were as actually clean as if they had just showered. 
Sk'lar had only gotten about 90 minutes sleep before she woke him up to this blessed surprise, and they didn't get any sleep until the dawn 3 hours later. The were relentless in a controlled passion in their first of what was to be many mutual orgasms, and he drove her into a frenzy of multiplicity so that by the time he was done all he had to do was blow on her genitalia to make her shiver yet again. 
Sk'lar had heard her parents rising, and decided to let Julsey sleep just a little longer, after all, he had worn her our like a ragdoll. When he made it to the kitchen Lucinda just smiled at him. Marc seemed too embarrassed to do anything other than say “good morning” and excused himself to check on the equipment in the plant. What Marcus didn't know was that when Lucinda had heard her daughter she stirred with desire and attacked her own husband for her own satisfaction as well. It must have been contagious that night. Lucinda whistled and sang and hummed as she served him a breakfast of fresh eggs, fresh fruit, Bulgar wheat, butter, homemade biscuits and honey. She made a plate for her daughter and brought it to her room, then woke her. “Yo, sleepy. Yous guys woke the owls up last night. I thought there was a cat in heat locked in the house.” Lucinda was chuckling as she poked fun at her daughter for the first time on the level of sisters or friends more than mother/daughter.
Julsey looked frozen for embarrassment, but then her mother said “Done is done, and what's meant to be is. Yous two got it like that for a reason. No reason for regrets. Least you both got chemistry together.” Relaxed at this new openness with her mother Julsey admitted. “Yusss, oh God, my legs are still twitchin...” she said in surprise. Her mother stopped in her tracks for a second then just laughed a little and left the room. “Getcha ass movin', yous two need to catch the rail soon, right?. Already missed the first train. Got time to make next one if you move yur ass a little.” Lucinda finished the conversation on the fly, going downstairs to load their little electric utility truck with four bags Jules had packed the night before. 
They made it to the station in short order, and Lucinda made Sk'lar ride up front with her to give her husband a few last moments alone with his little girl. “I'm gunna mis ya, Jules. I like this one here though. He's smart, nice, well-mannered... least ya listened to a little of what I said through the years.” She answered back quickly. “I listened to everything, Daddy. He's kinda like you. I didn't see it as clear until yesterday afternoon when yous two were just hangin', yo, and then last night more; and I didn't notice when I met him, but saw later when you two were together talkin' shop. He's got your temperament and smarts. It'll be alright. Besides, we can skype or cel. I know you ain't much for that, yo, but ain't like I'm gone, just a little bit away.” She was in his lap like she had been growing up. They reached the station and Sk'lar lifted her down out of the bed as her father got the bags ready to be set down off the back. “I'll get the tickets” she said as she went over to the window, “two Red Bank” she said to the clerk. “five twenty each, total's ten forty.” She handed him a ten coin and two quarters. The machine on the desk spit out four tickets, there would be one transfer at the Hub. They climbed the platform. The station was still an elevated section of rail running over the street below. You could almost see their cottage from there.
Beth and Anne, Julsey's best friends, came running up to make their goodbyes, and took her away to go get a couple of teas after Jules had shown him off a little first, and he had been introduced to Anne. Beth was taking pictures of everything and everyone like it was a wedding or birthday party. Sk'lar was left standing with her parents. “Yo, I'm gunna' take good care of her, straight up and bond. Yous guys are welcome any time.” He paused and then continued. “Thank you, both of yous, you been waay cool ta me. Preich.” 
“I think my baby's in good hands, if there's any problems you'd know about it quick, just do the same, okay?” Her mom said as the they let that conversation go as the girls came back. He nodded in affirmation. There was a horn in the distance, 
“That's it, yous guys.” Lucinda marked the end of the waiting to make the final farewell; hugs began to get exchanged frantically as the train came to a stop along the platform. 
Chapter Five
The pair climbed on board and made their way to an empty seat in the third car, and last waves goodbye were made through the big picture window in the middle of the two seats which were facing each other. Julsey almost looked apprehensive for a second. “Okay?” Sky asked....  She hesitated, then affirmed “Yussss, Just thinking that besides camp in Hopatcong -nd trips to The Gap n- Hudson Province to see my aunt, this is the first time I'm going away from home, I mean really going away, -nd first time that's my idea to go off anywhere.” She confessed. “So, ur a big girl now, yo. It’ll be aha-ight.” He smiled at her, and took her hand. “No one 'spects to wind up sideby with anyone overnight. Just is what it is. I know you'll miss your mom and dad, Julesy, but I gotta ride this rail and go even further north over next few weeks settin' pens for the salmon. You come with me 'sted of Lawrence when I do that. We can stop home here and visit, alright? Take your time n-see, this 'ill be straight, yo.”
Hearing that lifted her spirits. She was happy and excited but there was also a hint of melancholy at leaving. Both these two were close to their parents, and as independent as they were they wanted that home connection and relationship with their folks. and weren't intending to lose that. It was something which helped define them. The two made their transfer to the much faster train that hit 140 kph on the way to his home province. The new Shoreline rail was high speed, new track with a long bridge over the Raritan and the open water and marshes that led to Red Bank Island. When the train pulled into the station in Red Bank he grabbed the two biggest bags and she the smaller two, and they exited the train. Julsey recognized Sk'lars mother from the skype call, and called out to her. “Ms. Duncan!” Lynn's eyes connected with hers and a huge smile filled her face. She was upon the two like a bird of prey, hugging, squeezing hands, kissing; you would of thought she hadn't seen her son in years the way she was acting, but she was actually very nervous about meeting Julsey and wanted everything to be perfect, and was stressing over that horribly.
Their family had a bigger truck than most people, it had to be big enough to bring their catch to market, and Lynn had let her neighbor take their small personal transport vehicle to hospital for a check-up, so this was it. “Your father comes in 'bout dusk, should be full up; needs 'ya, eh?” Lynn said. “ It's 'bout time for the traps south of Ambrose, I got his back, yo.” That was all Lynn needed to hear. “We got a little while, let's go. Let's hang here a sec then you can see my place and you can settle in.” He suggested. “Cool, that's straight” she said, and after he allowed his mother some access to her he took her to his home on Navesink Island. 
His dog, Orion, who had been patiently waiting for his master, took right to her, and rode on her lap the whole way to back to Sky's. Julsey liked getting acquainted with everything, and for the quick tour of his childhood home by his mom. It was a nice first stop. Sk'lar has a very nice vehicle, it was very utility minded. She like the hills mixed with inlets and shoreline. As they rounded the stand of white birch along the driveway she fell in love with his place, pretty much as soon as she laid eyes on it. It was made of old iron bog red stone and had four hundred year old stained glass. They unloaded and went inside, and he saw the note from Lawrence. It said that he had gone to work on salmon pens and would be working 'til dark, so he gave her a tour of the place and showed her his workspace, and explained basics of the projects he was working on. Since sea level rise had ceased and had actually reversed a little over the past few years water provinces had actually been finally starting to redevelop and repopulate the shore areas again, and he had drafted plans for large scale aquatic farming throughout the region. Julsey was interested in some sketches and plans he had for marine plantlife projects she came across, but he was more into fisheries and the zoology aspects of marine life, and most of his focus would remain that way. 
“Why ain't cha done anything with this stuff?” she asked seeing that the plans she saw were just conceptual while others were in full gear. “I just don't have the time to study or put any effort into it. I know Atlantic Province south of here is working on large scale salt tolerant cranberry bogs, n- I've been asked to help, yo, but it's not my expertise, and some of it I'm lost in.” Right off the bat she saw where her expertise in plant life was a compliment to his in marine biology and zoology. After Sk'lar finished giving her a tour, she smiled a come hither smile and he responded by putting his arms around the small of her waist. “So, think you like this here, seriously?” he asked. “Yussssss...” she said leaning into him lifting her chin to reach for a kiss. “this is all so beautiful, I feel very comfortable here.”
He picked her up and carried her to his bedroom, which overlooked the Navesink Bay. He had been as celibate as a monk for the last five months, with one exception at a beach party with someone who was simply a friend. He always loved the act of lovemaking, but never knew passion or desire like this, like what he felt for her. Julsey, too, never felt a physical yearning for anyone before like this. Sexual climax with other before had seemed like work, fun work, but work nevertheless. It didn't feel like something that made her feel as complete as what this between them had. They made love twice then jumped in his hot tub and dried off. As they sat drying wrapped in oversized towels they both seemed to know when to enjoy just the simple silence, there wasn't an insecure need to just keep talking to justify being with each other. They didn't need words to communicate, and this was natural between them and was as refined as if they have been together their entire life.
“You, let's ride” he said finally getting up and starting to put on his clothes. She also started rising a moment after him but a little bit before he had made the suggested course of action, as if they had with the same thought at the same time. They rode the small electric car to his father's dock. He could see his Al  rounding the sand spit which served as a breakwater against the open Atlantic, and began as he had time and time before clearing the dock to sort lobster, spider crab, and fish as they offloaded. He made ready to size and store them in the cooler at the foot of the dock. Jer, Jerry McCann, the owner of a small restaurant on the Island, was waiting as well. He liked to hand pick catch for his menu. 
Al pulled in past the stone and rubble breakwater and alongside the dock, both Sk'lar and Jer jumping on board and tying bow and stern lines off, then throwing the heavier lines already on the boat onto dock to have as insurance. The 20 meter boat gently bounced off the fenders as they started with a quickness to offload the recycled plastic crates, and each crate was sorted and resorted until they were full and the fish and crab were iced and stacked in the cold storage room, and lobsters were thrown into the giant live tank. Alexander Duncan was close enough to capacity to make the drive to town tomorrow. He wou;d email his vendors tonight. 
Julsey picked up on what the men, who operated like a precise machine, were doing and didn't miss a beat. The crates were color coded and she didn't even have to be told hpw to sort, she just observed and copied. She saw that when they were closed that they were done, and just stacked them where they belonged. The only thing she needed to be told and shown what to do was weigh them, press a button for the bar coder to spit out a label with date and time stamp and weight of crate, and type of catch, and slap it on top of the crate. She had that down in one take. The off load and breakdown lasted about an hour. It was fast work, but fun. 
“Ayeee, not bad thera yung miss. Preich the help betcha, looks like you got 'sperience wit dis kinda work. Dun good, waaay....” was all Al said as he shut the cooler door. “Ha-vasts seemin betta all the time. New bait bags seems like they're charmed there, eh? Pots got ten ta twenty pacent more, eh. Coolness Sky, ya dun good.” 
Sk'lar had formulated new bait bags designed to attract lobster, and lobster  catch was up 25%, crab about 15%, and fish that make their way into the pots about 5%. With fuel efficiency refinements he added to the fuel portion of the hybrid drive liquid fuel costs had dropped by 10% as well. Between lowering overhead, savings on operational costs, marketing smarter and increasing catch, the business was 40% more profitable since he was 15 and started tweaking and making modifications as to how the Duncans did business on the water. 
Al had actually heard of Marcus and knew him by reputation, even had one of the pumps he restored, and that pump was in use in the livetank. Years ago, when catch was still poor, Al's great-grandfather was the first on the Atlantic Seaboard to keep lobster, crab, and fish in livewells, especially if they were pregnant, then allow them to spawn before harvesting them. The results of his modifications of operations had come fast, and now there was more and more marine life everywhere as a result. A few native species were gone, extinct or very scarce, replaced by invasive species which had taken over, but most were still around, and thriving, and now uniquely evolved for the region and the ecosystem of the area had found a new balance, new homeostasis, like nature often does.
When the catch had been offloaded and boat secured for the night, they went back to Al and Lynn's for dinner. Although it was a common dish for the family, Lynn made broiled lobster and white clam sauce over whole grain pasta for dinner. She shooed her husband to the bathroom to shower like she always had to. He would sit there and eat so used to the smell of seafood on him like colonge that he was oblivious to how it reeked. After Al had cleaned up they sat down for dinner. The two men attacked lobster like they had been starving, using their hands to crack claw and shell and dipping the meat in a white cream dill butter sauce before lifting their heads like hatchlings being fed by a regurgitating mamma bird. This was raw maleness, them eating like starving vulture chicks. Their table mannerisms were virtually identical when it came to lobster and crab, and as Jules watched in amazement Lynn just put her right hand on her left and said. “It doesn't get any worse than that, don't worry. If it did I'd of knocked 'em both in the head and thrown 'em in the bay long ago by now, eh...” Julsey smiled, feeling the same kind of connection to his parents as Sk'lar had found with hers.
After an evening of getting acquainted, Sky took Jules down to the dock and took her out in his old launch. Both men had a compulsion to restore old boats and keep them around. He brought her to the sand spit three miles to the east, and they built a fire on the beach and spent a romantic night just below the dunes, lost in the endless expanse of the stars of the night sky and each other. They had awoken and were making love as the sun rose, and as he was bringing her to ecstasy yet again they climaxed yet again just as the first ray of sunlight has shown over the horizon. This was not the most beautiful dawn sky she had ever seen, but it would be one of the most memorable of her life.
Chapter Six
After a playful morning swim in the Atlantic, Sky and Julsey cruised the long way to Sk'lars dock via' the Rumsom Islands. A school of Risso's Dolphin approached and started playing with the small boat. Sk'lar knew these cetaceans, they were old friends, and he came to a stop and jumped in. Three individuals came up to him as he swam next to the boat then greeted him cheerfully. Julsey reached her hand overboard and pet one who had come along side. Her eyes were filled with wonder as Sk'lar played with his waterborne friends, he not thinking anything special of something he had done all his life, something as common as petting a neighborhood dog. The night before some Harbor Porpoise had escorted them out to the small barrier island, now these beautiful animals were circling and playing with them like the old friends they were.
When they had returned to the dock and tied up, she told him she had never seen these amazing creatures so close up before, and Sk'lar realized that he had a lot more to offer her. He knew the woods and hills having traveled and hiked, and was familiar with the Catskills and Watchungs and Appalacians because he like to ski. Most people who visited the Shore usually just came to swim and enjoy the beach for a few days and that was it. She had also come to explore flora and fauna a couple of times, but this was more new to her than her home was to him. Orion was on the dock chirping short little high pitched barks of “hello” and actually greeted her first rather than Sky. She didn't realize the significance of this but Sky did. The dog had already considered her his as well, and Orion was a great judge of character.
He told her that he was behind in his work and needed to leave for a while to catch up some, and that she was welcome to join him, or stay and get settled in. Julsey opted to stay, she had the whole place to herself except for Orion, and after he had gone, she unpacked and then taken another bath in the hot tub, remembering her experience in that warm water the day before. Just the thought of the preceding few days with him, and the image of them in the hot tub the day before, stimulated her and she removed her craving by herself manually, and as she relaxed from that started got out of the tub, dried off, and began to explore the house she had complete unfettered access to for a while. She found a photo album, and had thought to herself that with a few exceptions there weren't many women her age in it. She realized that he had opened a door to his world that he maybe never really had before, and she felt special because of it. 
She was touched by the apparent sentimentality of this young man whom she had fallen so hard for. He had keepsakes that only someone of extreme heart and reverence would keep around. She investigated his library recognizing almost all the books there, having read many of them herself. She opened his computer to his music file and discovered they shared musical tastes. She picked four artists she did not know and created a playlist for them to randomly que up, and she discovered she liked these songs as much as any other favorite she would have picked. She also went through his desk and found a book of poetry. She opened it and read.
Under the moon of the midnight Atlantic sky, I am unbounded.
I release myself in the water, in beliefs and resolve well grounded,
yet floating like a child yet to be born safe in the womb of my mother.
Liken to my line of sight as I stare into the horizon,
I seek for where my bountiful sea and endless sky meet.
I search for where I shall meet that missing element which can complete me,
and I face the future with out compromise making no retreat,
as I move forward,
under the moon of the midnight Atlantic sky.
She was blown away. Like petals of a rose how many layers did this young man have? She saw the clothing he had worn the entire time he was with her and picked up his shirt. She brought the soft cloth to her face and breathed in. She could smell him, almost taste him. There was his scent mixed with a hint of the sweet smell of sex they had generated together. When she had had her fill of exploring and peeking into his personality and was done snooping, she started to clean up, and then went to the kitchen to explore that living area. For the most part, everything he had there to eat was also a mirror of her likes and preferences. She munched on blueberries he had in a red bowl on the second shelf. 
She started a soup of onions, potatoes, celery, green tomatoes, peppers, leek, and clams. She was a natural cook, and she wanted to surprise him. When everything was set to simmer and she had cleaned up her prep, she went back to his work area and pulled out his plans for kelp farming. She was reviewing his notes when he came home.
“Damn, that smells good, yo.” were his first words and she came up to him and kissed him. “Wow, that's a nice thing to come home tu.” He said. “This is so comfortable here. I LOVE this house. Thank you for inviting me to stay.” She said with earnest thanks and humility. “I didn't realize it was missing anything really until you. You finding everything okay?” he asked. “Yussss, this place is amazing. I took the liberty of digging through your work, hope you don't mind,  and I'm interested in the kelp farming project.” she said. “I've had some issues with that. Wave action rips the kelp off the cages.” She answered to the issue. “I have a few ideas about that. I'll go over them after dinner. I made an onion and leek light chowder with oyster and clam.” His eyes lit up a little, it was nice to have something unexpected and that he didn't decided upon himself for once. “Good, I'm starved.”
After they ate and served Orion the leftovers they cleaned up together. She knew her way around as automatically and with ease as well as she did helping offload the catch the night before. They settled in on his couch, her playlist still playing, and with Orion at their snuggled in and curled up at their feet. They started sharing even more stories of their youth and life experiences. The last few days had been exhausting and they both drifted off to sleep to the flicker of candles and glow of a bright full moon which was beaming in the picture glass and through the stained glass above their heads. Sex was an option, but they were both so satisfied and comfortable that it wasn't necessary for at the moment. It was just as rewarding to just fall asleep in each others arms.
At 3:07 a.m. A skype call was coming through. It woke them up, and Sky grabbed the remote and put the call on the big screen on the far wall. “Sk'lar, I need you.” There was a man in an office with some communication equipment and computers behind him. “Professor Mazza? What's up?” he asked his former professor. “A blue whale was spotted southeast of here near the Bahamas. It's a pregnant female, and the cargo ship that spotted her last thinks she's in trouble. I'm forming a team to go see if we can help her, and I want you there. In fact, I want you to head the team.” He sat in silence and thought for a moment. He was sitting on the edge of the sofa and Julsey got on her knees behind him with her arm reaching around his thick bicep. She knelled down behind him as he let out a breath. 
“I suppose I can have Lawrence and my family take care of everything here, but I have a shipment of live salmon coming by rail all the way from Seattle.” Sky told his former mentor of his concern. “I'm aware of that actually. I really proud of you for that, and I'm going to give Lawrence access to my students to help if he can handle it. If not, you can tell me what to do and we can skype and you can direct me. You're the best qualified person I know.”
“Lawrence is mechanical, but scattered sometimes. I need someone to make sure the fish are handled properly” Sk'lar spelled out his concerns. “I promise you I will see to that.” That was good enough for Sky, but he was still a little aprehensive.
“Isn't there anyone else?” Sk'lar asked. “Look, you rescued more porpoised than anyone I know, eh, and helped that humpback deliver her calf two years ago. No one else I know has any experience except a few people down in New Zealand and Tasmania. There's no logistics ta get them here any time soon, -nd yous just it. They can skype when satellites agree to help advise you, but this will be your team. You make the call.” Michael Mazza had laid the deal out, and there really wasn't any negotiation to it, not really. Sk'lar didn't have to be forced or coerced, even if he wanted to protest. It was his duty, and besides, he loved whales. It was only recently that blue whales were reclassified from extinct to endangered. For ninety years until six years earlier, not a single one had been seen anywhere. 
Sk'lar accepted the fact and said in a commanding voice, “I want the Hornet and the Watson fueled, stocked and ready, and I want Denise and Louis from Regional and that old vet, John, the vet in Holmdel Hills, on the team if you can arrange it.” Mazza was quick to answer. “Louis is already part of the team, I'll work on the rest. For now, just start getting ready, yous leave in a few hours. The Watson has already been assigned, but what do you want as your command vessel?” “The Watson will do, yo.” came Sky's response. “Can you have them meet me here or do I need to go where the Watson is at?” he asked.
“The Watson is actually heading for you right now. Don't worry about it. As soon as you board you go, and don't worry, I'll get the Hornet for you, and the Wicked Wind will be right behind you as well.” The R.V. Wicked Wind was his old high school research ship he had taken classes and done labs on when he was young, it was shared between three schools and the province for research and testing. The S.A.R. Hornet was a rescue cutter for the Shore Province Fire and Rescue, which served in the capacity of what the Coast Guard once did. “Good luck, I'll be back in touch shortly, eh.” Michael said as he was standing up. “I got this, I'll do my best, Sir.” Sk'lar leaned into the camera a little. “I know, it's why I'm sending you.” Profesor Mazza smiled and the screen went blank with the logo of the Rutgers College of the Shore Province logo remaining on the screen. In addition to being a respected professor in the sciences, Michael Mazza also sat on the Administrative Board of the Shore Province and was part of a five member permanent board that served in disaster and threat response. He might have gone himself except he was damn near seventy. Sk'lar was a protege, and was the best qualified to go.
He was ready to get back on the R.V. Watson. It was a student and faculty commanded research vessel for Rutgers College, and he was on it for 30 months starting the second term of his freshman year in college. He was first mate for the last six months of his sophomore term then captain for his entire junior year. It was his ship except for having to answer to Professors Mazza and Melie, who were in charge of the research and marine labs. It was perhaps the most beautiful of the three boats that would be heading out. It had a trimaran style hull, was very stable in the water, and had state-of-the-art hybrid propulsion. It was actually an old boat, but went through a refit two years before Sky started college. For a research vessel, it actually looked more like a luxury yacht inside, maybe because that's what it had been converted from. Most boats were more utilitarian with only some aesthetic treatments, but the Watson was a real gem.   
He turned to Jules, who had been standing there with her jaw almost dropping, stunned by the urgency and what this meant. “You can stay here, stay with my parents maybe, go back to your parents or...” “Go!” she finished his sentence. “I want to go with you if I can.” He just smiled..... “Looks like you have to pack a bag again. We gotta go play midwife to a whale.”
Chapter Seven
Jules skyped her parents, who had dropped everything and were down in Red Bank with Beth and Anne by their side in six hours after the call. Lynn had been regulated to taxi service yet again, and the five barely fit in the little electric car now that she had her personal vehicle back in her possession. They all went straight to Julsey and Sky's. Lynn had answered Marc immediately without thinking when he asked where the kids were, and that is what she said, “Julsey and Sky's”. She had realized what she had said and how she said it, refering to her son's home as both of theirs. Julsey had just gotten there and something in his mom made her attach a sort of ownership to this young lady. She looked at Lucinda and smiled, the two mothers connecting as only two mothers can when their children had fallen in love and taken a mate. Marc was oblivious to the nuance of Lynn's answer, didn't even notice, being too worried about the situation. No human was in danger, but there was an urgency because a life was. The Shore had been one thing, but now this dashing young man was taking their little girl to the middle of the Atlantic Ocean with him. 
They arrived and looked down to the dock where Al was helping his son load his skiff. He was not only intending to use it to meet the Watson, the Watson's draft was just a little too deep to dock there except the highest of tides maybe, but also to take it aboard and use it when he got there. It was an unsinkable boat with a great hybrid drive water jet propulsion system. It would be a great asset, because there were no props and no prop blades which could scare or hurt the big blue mother to be or calf. It was a stable platform and even had mini bow thrusters, so could keep a GPS position in auto-pilot mode. 
Lawrence was also helping, and was quick to notice Beth as Lynn's vehicle came up the drive. Despite the first hour being tense and a little confrontational, he had also developed a little bit of interest for Julsey's loyal sidekick. Getting either one to admit it would be like pulling teeth, as the expression goes, and they would remain mildly confrontational for a while yet to come, but acts of mutual aggravation and antagonistic attitudes and rude comments were made by both parties because they actually did have a crush on each other. In two weeks they would get into a heated argument while Beth would be helping Lawrence set a pen for the salmon on the Delaware River near the Village of New Ewing, and he would push her in the water and laugh, and she would grab his foot and make him follow in, and they would splash each other until they stopped, looked each other dead in the eyes, hesitated a moment longer, and passionatly kissed. They still had some false pride and tension and other issues to deal with still, and denial naturally of course. .
The Watson had come into view and anchored. Professor Mazza and Louis Dempsey joined him on the Watson's zodiac style skiff and docked. Just then Denise had shown up and Sk'lar was at an impasse as to who to greet first. The issue was resolved when they all made their way to him. Sk'lar hugged his old professor. “I'm heading back from here, and as soon as Doctor Planter shows up looks like you can head out.” He said, having nodded to Denise. They all went inside and sat in the living area of the old church. Lynn, Julsey, Al and Lucinda rushed together a dinner after commandeering the kitchen. Sk'lar just sat there looking at his computer until his old professor said to him, “Whatever it is son ya think ya better go take care of it, eh?” He got up in a flash and began to show his mentor his files on salmon, and dinner was being set when Doctor John Planter finally arrived. What could have been relaxing socializing time was taken up with instructions and work, but that in a strange way was their form of socializing with each other that evening. It was productive, and that eased some of the mild tension and apprehension about the tasks yet to come.
“They all set crammed around the table with Lawrence, Beth, Anne, and Louis having to sit on stools at the kitchen counter for lack of room. The conversation revolved around discussing whales, salmon, telling stories of youth and adventures aboard the Watson when Sky was studying under Professor Mazza until dinner was done. After the last remnants of the meal were given to Orion, put to the side for his chickens, or composted, they all made their way to the dock. Julsey and Sk'lar knelt down to say goodbye to Orion, who had been happy to have so much company and attention lately, until Professor Mazza told him there was no reason he couldn't go as well, just to bring some kibble for him. This was a departure from his “No pets on board” rule. Sk'lar didn't hesitate and told his dog to get on the boat which he did so eagerly; the dog loved going for boat rides, and even had his own life vest. They all made their goodbyes and started to board the skiffs. Al approached his son and shook his hand saying, “You'll never know how proud I am of y'a son, eh?” He looked like he was ready to cry when Lynn put her hand on his shoulder. For a man who always tried to act so hard he was as soft inside as could be, like a clam sort of. Julsey had just experienced a similar goodbye. They threw off ropes and made their way to the Watson, both their parents standing together on the dock united in their concern, pride, and happiness that they had such very special children. It had the same feeling as being at a wedding and they parents being left standing at the front of the church as the newlyweds drive off to a honeymoon. 
Once they were aboard and the skiffs were out of the water the Watson got underway; and Sk'lar took his time going over the entire boat, meeting the entire crew, half of whom he already knew. He didn't waste much time re-familiarizing himself with the boat, he was too busy taking stock of the heavy responsibility that had been thrust upon him in such short notice. Julsey stayed right by his side. She would be his right hand on this journey. He brought Julsey to the captain's cabin and told her to get some sleep. She had been yawning about every thirty seconds and insisted. Orion was there inside and greeted her then went to Sky's side, insisting to remain there. He gave her a quick kiss goodnight and went to the bridge, and took the helm. They were making 28 knots and were at full speed now, but would have to slow later when the seas started to swell more. The frigate sized research vessel gently rose and sank meeting the oncoming swells with ease. The mission was the kind of thing he lived for, and there really was no one as qualified as he was to take on this venture. He settled in behind the wheel, relieving Sharon, a junior and marine biology student who had come aboard the day before he was made captain of the boat the first time two years ago. Orion curled up at his feet and slept peacefully as he got lost in mesmerizing contemplation staring at the moonlight reflecting off the water. He had missed this boat.
It was 670 miles to the last reported spotting of the big blue. A North American Navy cruiser and a cargo ship were trying to keep tabs on her. If he kept this pace he'd be there in 26 to 27 hours. He made a silent prayer he'd be able to get there in time. Sk'lar let out a deep breath and Orion stretched and came over to him and after making eye contact made a sound which sounded like “awwwwwoooooph!” with a high pitched squeal in the middle, and an inflection like a yawn mixed with a question mark at the end; then he laid on his feet. Sk'lar rubbed the dog with his feet a little then looked up, and then forward over the bow. He loved going bluewater.
Chapter Eight
Julsey didn't sleep much, she was still getting used to the pitch and roll of the boat and was too excited to. She woke up after dozing for a couple of short catnaps, maybe 10 or 15 minutes each at best, but felt halfway refreshed anyway, enough to function. The edge of the need sleep buzz was gone. She fumbled her way to the bridge. One other hand was awake and was at the communication station, and Sky was at the helm sitting in the cushioned lowback stool with Orion sleeping there, not at his feet but on them. Orion lifted he head, then ran to her tail lopping back and forth. He maybe didn't know he was a dog because he was such a vocal creature and was trying to actually speak. “Ra, rooo ra raaaarrrr woooo warrrrr raaaaarrrrrr rooo rooo... were the kind of noises coming out of him, and it almost sounded like he was trying to form words from some unknown dialect of some unknown language. He meant something with his vocalizations, and to that happy canine he was saying something important. Sky knew what certain sounds meant, and the dog could actually make a sound like “out” when he wanted out and “I love you” when he was being asked for it or playing or just wanted to say it. Sky always joked that if he did have the full power of speech that he'd be in trouble. He was also happy the dog didn't have opposable thumbs.
He swiveled the seat to meet her as she walked up to him and she gave him a truly comfortable kiss. This wasn't the kind of kiss passionate lovers share, but more like the kind her parents would share, or his, when greeting someone who was a familiar part of their life and had been for years. “Sleep good?” he asked. “Just dozed a little, but I'm okay” she replied, and he motioned to her to stand at the wheel inbetween the wheel and the chair he was sitting in, and he put her hands at 10 and 2 on the wheel, and told her to lean back, which she did, and into him as he put his arms around her waist and kissed her below her ear. “Here we are moving forward sailing into the sunrise” he softly said, a hint above a whisper. “Watch...” he said and when she went to speak he repeated the command and put his finger to his lips in a hush gesture, then pointing over the bow and directed her to look forward again. She smiled and nodded just a little, and they stayed there in silence watching the sun break over the water past a flash of emerald green that occasionally one is able to see just before a dawn when the conditions are right. “W-o-w!” she said, stretching the word out twice as long to say the word as normal. “Yusssssss! That was sooooo cool! What was that?”
“It's caused by refraction, eh... yo, yous guys never saw that with all the sunrises you've seen up by that castle?” he asked. “I thought I saw a little green before maybe, but nothing like that, at least that I ever paid any real attention to before.” she replied. “It only lasts a second, or two maybe in winter, depends on the tilt of the axis how long it lasts... that's why I knew you when I first looked into your eyes, they reminded me of the color of the green flash.” She turned and kissed him. “You've been up since yesterday morning, you need rest” she said in earnest concern, placing both palms of her hands on either cheek of his face. “After morning's over, I'm holding a briefing thismorning. We're a third of the way there. We have 18 hours to go to get there, the Hornet is about a half hour behind us and the Wicked Wind is maybe two and coming fast. We're racing against a storm down off Puerto Rico that might be making the turn north as well, so after that I'll rest, okay?” It wasn't so much a question as it was a statement, “I did a little research last night. Everything known about blue whales is almost all from before the Reset, and is fragmented in the cloud. I've been looking up some data on them, and they like most whales they go to warm waters to give birth, but that's usually in winter, and this is almost fall, so she's off cycle by a few months. I just hope we can do something for her.”
Louis came through the hatch from the stairwell that led below, followed by Karl, the student captain his displaced for this mission, and Mazza made him the first mate on this trip; something Sky didn't even think about because Karl was first mate under him his last six months on board before he left the Watson. Sky had been really enjoyed his tenure as captain when he was taking Professor Mazza's program. Mazza always selected his best students to serve as captain of the Watson. Sk'lar barked an order to his first mate. “Sound general quarters and run an engine fire drill. I want to see what I got here.” Karl looked amazed and hesitated. “I said general quarters, Now! Mister.” Karl saw he had gone into a very serious mode, and he snapped into action. An alarm started to sound. Karl fumbled setting the P.A. to “shipwide”, then depressed the key on the mic. Sky stopped him and said, “Do NOT say drill, make it sound real.” Karl nodded, “General quarters, general quarters, fire in the engine room, fire in the engine room. All hand to your designated positions. Fire team assemble forward of the main engine room, move, move move!” He broadcast. Sk'lar was checking his watch. The crew slowly fumbled around in confusion getting to their positions. They weren't used to this sort of drill, and didn't expect it on this mission.
It was 4 minutes and 40 seconds later. “Fire team reports being in position at the forward engine room, the rest of the crew is assembled at the skiffs and have life boats ready to deploy.” Karl offered. “Ready to deploy what?” Sk'lar asked. “Ready to deploy..... Sir?” Karl asked, not being used to this kind of strict discipline. “That's right Mister Hampton, this isn't the Navesink Bay or the Raritan, this is critical here, and I need you to get that response time cut in half by the time we get there. Push only as much as you have to, Karl. Finally on board with this sudden change to an authoritarian style of command, Karl say the logic and need of this, and said to Sk'lar, “I've got this, Sky.” “Don't worry, Karl, I won't be the kind of hard ass Michael can be. Professor Mazza rode me as well, and there's a reason why. If you want a hard ass my dad should have been here... that was fair, but slow, and if there was an emergency out here we could die fast. I can't stress enough that this isn't inshore sample and testing, this is the real deal, and we need to be ready for anything out there.” First Mate Hampton realized just how right Sk'lar was. “Yes, Sir, Captain Duncan. Thank you, Sir.” he said half sarcastically, remembering mandatory civil service and civil militia drills he had when he was younger. Strict military style discipline was rare, but was a part of every citizen's life and training. They would have to all be sharp and couldn't afford any mistakes when dealing with an animal the size of their boat. 
“I want the lead team assembled in the mess at 0700 hours. We'll keep all clocks set to Eastern time for the duration of this trip, and verify time when there is any question or dealing with other ships at sea. I want a status report on the Hornet and Wicked Wind as of 0630 hours, and to have both ships and the Navy cruiser and cargo ship if they're available skyped in, if not, transmitted by radio to them. I want everyone in the loop. We are about 18 hours out, and I want a position on the whale as soon as possible.”
“I have that, captain.” Micky, the communications officer had just finished talking on the radio and typing on the computer terminal. “The whale is at 32.511036 by minus 64.689560, just north of Bermuda. The Al Gore reports she has been rocking her body up and down from time to time, but otherwise is just swimming slowly and drifting in place. There are four other whales nearby, one is smaller than the other three.” 
“Set course for that location and bring this boat up to full speed, Mister Hampton. Assign someone to the helm right away. Get everything else together as I requested and call me if you need me. I will be in the mess getting things ready for this mornings meeting. Tell the crew they can eat when we're done, and that when I inspect this boat later it better be right. I'm blind until then. Am I clear, and do you have that?” Sk'lar asked with authority. “Yes, Sir” came his reply. He leaned into Karl's ear. “I'm not really a hard ass, in fact I hate that, but this crew will need to be tight and it's our job to have them on the ball so they have to think I'm a dick at first. I need everyone focused and if they think this is a whale watching cruise they're in for a rude awakening, yo...” he smiled... Karl understood and smiled just a little. He turned. “Your heard the captain, this ship needs to be right and people need to get busy” He told Micky, who got on the com and was talking to someone below. These were college students, and not used to having to really follow any kind of serious command structure, but Sk'lar would make sure they were as foicused as they could be when they got there.
Everyone had assembled in the mess and the skype was broken into four screens. The Hornet and the Wicked Wind on top, the N.A.N. Al Gore, and Michael Mazza in his office. When everyone was assembled and after introductions, which Julsey handled for him, Sk'lar started. Good morning everyone. As you know we are 16 hours away from Bermuda where a 25 meter very pregnant blue whale seems to be having difficulty giving birth. The first report of her and her unusual activity actually came from a fisherman on Bermuda who made a general distress call for help, then a cargo vessel spent time observing her and a deckhand who has an interest in whales recognized there may have been a problem and that she was about to calf. Since then the Al Gore has been shadowing her, and had ceased using radar or sonar to keep a fix on her in case that bothered her, which is why there was no confirmed location overnight. I have reviewed as much as I could and have skyped the only two experts on marine mammals I could find, and they said she indeed must be sick or is having a problem delivering. I'm going over my strategy here this morning, and after I finish would appreciate any feedback any of you might have either openly or in confidence through email.” Mike Mazza smiled a little, very proud of his former student and current friend.
“I will need the Al Gore to maintain a fix on her. Speaking of which, we have to name her, so for lack of anything better how does 'Big Mama' sound to everyone?” He paused and when no one objected, he went on. “When we get there we stay tight with each other and come in slow, staying about a kilometer off. If we seem like a threat we might have an issue with a bull, but blues were said to be peaceful from everything I read; but remember, there never was much interaction with this species even before the Reset, so we just don't know, and better stay safe. 
The Watson will approach slowly and try to get as close as she can under electric drive. I and two volunteers will then enter the water in dive gear and slowly approach Big Mama and try to get photos and sonograms of her belly and see what we can. I myself will attempt to take a small tissue and blood sample for testing to determine if she's sick. Until we know more that's as far as I've got. We don't know what is going on, and we have to try to determine what is going on with her before we even think about making any plans, eh.”
“Right now, though, I need people to come up with scenarios and contingencies so we have options ready. I will need Doctor Planter, Denise here and Louis to familiarize yourselves with whale anatomy and learn as much about their biology and whale birth issues as possible before we get there, so cram please as much as you can. One of the major complications big whales have which responsible for infant mortality is a condition where the placenta comes out first. If that happens we have real issues and might lose the mother. We also have the other blues in the area to consider, how they will act.” 
“Professor Mazza spoke up, “I have seen a few rights and humpbacks born, and baleen whales are a little different than toothed whales and dolphins. I don't think we have much to worry about when it comes to the other whales in the vicinity. We do have to worry about Mama there, and yous guys need those biological samples taken and done before anything. Sk'lar messaged me last night and told me how off schedule this birth was for blues, they normally give birth in tropical areas in the winter, so we don't know if this is a preemie or what is going on here. Their gestation period is normally over ten months and under a year, so we might be dealing with a fetus only six months old and a very sick mother who may be aborting. We need the medical data first.” Mazza finished.
John Planter spoke. “She might be early or she may be near her time and just sick, or there might be things physically wrong. A calf cannot survive without it's mother, so the life of the mother comes first here.” A few people vocalized their agreement. “So, we have it. I have sent you all email with assignments and what I have so far. I expect reports for our next meeting at 2300 hours Eastern. Al Gore, will you keep us updated and can you keep a line of communication open until we get on site?”
“Affirmative” Joesph LaCroix responded. “We will maintain contact and are free to remain and assist, but there is a very recent complication. There is a tropical depression that threatens Bermuda. It is currently heading northeast but has slowed and if it turns north or northeast we may be facing rough seas.” 
He was from Montreal and stationed in Annapolis in the Province of Washington. The former United States and Canada, and some parts of Mexico, had joined together in a political union after the Reset. Europe was also under one unified coalition as well. They weren't exactly nations, it was more like a system of enlarged counties which were called provinces, which actually held the most political power, and then there were regional states, such as New England, The Hudson, Amishlund, New Washington, The Carolinas, all running down the Atlantic Coast. The North American Navy did the job the navy did before the Reset, but also the Coast Guard and the EPA as well. Their mission was stewardship of the seas and those who sail upon them. Service was for no more than 25 years at sea, the longest of any kind of civic or military style of service. Some public service careers needed people with lifelong skills and positions. 
“Understood Sir, thank you, we have been watching that as well but did not know it had stalled or might turn. Please keep us informed”. Sky asked his peer. The N.A.N. Would have the best weather data of anyone.
“Will do Watson, ahhh, will keep an open channel and advise you any changes. If nothing else, Sir, I shall attend to other matters and exit conversation now.” The navy captain said with his lite post French-Canadian accent.
Those in conference said goodbye to him and realized the meeting was about over. “I need some sleep myself if I'm going to be worth a damn... thank you all.” Sky said as he excused himself. Julsey on his six they were making their way to their quarters, and he turned and slowed and she joined him at his side despite the narrow space. “How did I do?” he asked seeking a critical review and honest answer. He had been nervous, but it didn't show. “You did great. Everyone has their assignments and you're doing what any good manager does, getting the best people doing what they do best.....  you should be proud.” she said. “I was nervous as shit, yo.... this is more than I'm used to.” He confessed. “You did fine, you were amazing and professional. Your professor was smart in assigning you to this, and I'm really proud to be here with you.”
They entered the cabin and locked the door. She began to undress him. “Let me take care of you.” the words came spaced as she stripped him. When he was naked before her she slid down before him and eased him back onto the bunk. He fell backwards and lightly hit his head. “You okay?” she asked as if she had done it herself and was responsible. “Just fine, come here.” He started to try undress her as much as she had undressed him, but could only remove her top, and she sat straddled on his legs devouring him and making him squirm, taking charge of him. He flinched and quivered. “Payback's a bitch” she said in a laugh.
Chapter Nine
The slept as the storm had turned over the course of the afternoon. They would have about a day before the effects of the storm created any issues for them once they got there, so it was now a race against time. Orion slept at their feet, and when he woke up his dog was staring him dead in the eyes. He looked at this beautiful woman next to him and knew what the terms “complete and happy” meant when used together. He stroked her hair, then he asked Orion, “you seem to like her, I guess we keep her.” Orion responded to this by wagging his tail and creeping up the bed inbetween them, licking him frantically and then her, waking her up.
“That's somewhat normal, better get used to it.” he told her. She gave the dog hugs and kisses, which made him jump out of bed and let out just a few happy barks. It was 1920 hours and time good enough to get up. Neither had slept that hard or well in days, distracted or occupied with other things as they had been. They got dressed, he in a thermal wetsuit which he would be in for the duration of this mission, and made their way to the galley. He was almost awoken once by one of three drills Karl Hampton had run while he was getting rested up for what was coming ahead. Several other of the crew were also ordered to get some rest, and to use good judgment in getting some sleep so they could be at their best when they arrived. They made their way to the galley and got something to eat. Denise had brought coffee, a rare luxury, and she and Louis were there sharing a cup when Julsey and Sk'lar entered. She immediately offered some, showing off her having brought this stash of java, a proud contribution that also seemed like a way to say thanks for including her. Doctor John had also just came in as the two were sitting down. The leadership of the team was in place. Denise was something like a nurse practitioner who was an expert at sonograms, passive x-rays, and other forms of imaging which was the modern replacement for a clinical radiologist, and she would be joining him in the water to attempt to take a sonogram of the calf. Louis was a lab tech who specialized in viral infections and antibiotics. John Planter was an older veterinarian with immense experience, especially in livestock, with expertise in cloned mammoths, a genetic engineering success and which now roamed freely in many wild areas of North America and Siberia. He also had some experience with stranded porpoises, including playing midwife to one. They had all been brushing up on whatever they could find on baleen and blue whales, and Michael Mazza was having his students do research, and was cherry picking anything he found that he though could help, and was then sending that to the Watson as well. 
Old grainy and pixelated digital videos from before the Reset gave them an idea of how a whale this large was born, there was even a 150 year old computer simulation that didn't even need to be enhanced which showed how a normal birth should look. Big Mama was reported to have attempted movement like what was seen from the old computer simulation, or at least something like that, but nothing was happening. They were having a meeting and didn't even realize it. It was conversation. Others who came in and joined them for the scheduled meeting thought the meeting had already started, not realizing this was just a simple shop talk that started about three hours earlier. They were into it, they were invested.
It was now 2312 hours. They were still six hours away. The trip was going to be just under 32 hours long. They didn't even have to start the meeting and it was more of a casual intellectual discussion. People had gotten educated and cross educated quickly. A shrimp fisherman from the Carolina Province had even radioed. He was also on his way with fresh shrimp. He didn't know if the large whale could use it, but he had a big boat, and enough shrimp for a feeding, and was bringing his son so he could see the largest living animal on earth. He had dumped a spoiled catch once and seen a baleen whale rise to consume it surprising him, and hoped he could be helpful there. There were gallons of broad spectrum anti-biotics on board, even nutritional supplements. The first one made sense to Sky, but the logistics of the second had him at a loss. This was the open ocean. There was only so much they'd be able to do.
The discussion lasted until 1 a.m. Eastern. They had covered all the bases they could think of. Now there was just getting there. Although well rested Sky took Jules back to their cabin to relieve a little physical tension that had been building. The excuse of the need to do this given to Louis was met with a response muttered under his breath, “yeah, it's called being horny.” They emerged later sensing that they were the butt of jokes that were playfully being told about them, and realized they didn't sneak by anything. They both smiled an ever so slightly embarrassed smile, with a little pride thrown in for good measure. It was 4 a.m. And they estimated being able to be in place when the sun rose wouldn't be a problem, which would be sooner than the clock them having moved east and having kept Eastern time. There was real activity on deck, and they were ready to launch skiffs at any time. There was a slight warm wind coming from the south, about 10 knots steady. They had a lot to do, and just needed nature to cooperate a little longer. The storm was now slowly moving towards them, and would make landfall in Bermuda in a little more than a day.
Chapter Ten
Sky and Julsey were too busy to watch the sunrise like they did a little less than a day earlier, but as the sun rose over the Atlantic the three boats, which had all been able to link up on the way there, came upon the N.A.N. Al Gore, which was less than a kilometer away from Big Mama. The other whales were near her and had been periodically coming up to check on her. Orion had on his life vest, and jumped into the small skiff waiting for his master, and Sk'lar told the crew launching the skiff to just let him be, he could come along. Julsey was coming too, and she would run communications as Lou piloted. Doctor John was going with two others in the second skiff. Denise, Julsey, Lou, Sky, and a second year marine biology student named Carlos made their way to the big whale and approached slowly. The other whales seemed nervous at the appearance of these new boats, especially the launches heading towards the female in distress, but they had grown accustomed to the navy ship so perhaps didn't feel too threatened, just cautious. Sk'lar wanted to pilot in, and he brought the skiff in under battery stopping about 30 meters off her nose, a little to her right. He figured if she could see him in front of her it was the least threatening approach he could take. 
Only he and Denise were going into the water. He would take the blood and tissue samples and she would attempt an ultra sound. They slowly entered the crystal clear ocean water and started slowly making their way towards the huge animal. Sky approached first. She had just risen to take a breath so he knew he had a little bit of time working for them. The visbility was amazing in the blue water of the open Atlantic, and Big Mama watched him with curiosity as he made Denise hold back, and he slowly approached her. He came up to her right eye, which was a little less than a foot longways in old measurement. He could take off his mask in salt water and still see well despite the ocean salt, having grown so used to it through the years, and as he slowly approached they both kept eye contact. He reached her and slowly extended his hand stroking her softly just above her eye. She was warm to the touch, and seemed to relax at the feel of his touch. This peaceful, intelligent animal made a connection with him. He hummed and pressed his mouth to her skin about a foot forward and down from her eye, and told her that he was here to help her and not to worry. He was humming baby talk sounds directly into her skin to let her know he was there to comfort her, and the message seemed to get through. 
He turned and motioned for Denise to join him. Having already made such close contact, eye contact, he put his mask back on and blew air into it. Having fixed that, he looked into her eye again, stroking her, and she seemed to relax; she knew he was a friend. He had been close to whales before, but this whale was more than twice the size of any he had ever seen. Denise was blown away and excited, but focused. He introduced his old friend to his new one.
Sk'lar took the sonogram recorder from her and showed it to Big Mama, and stroked her with it so she was ready to accept it as just more petting. He had already told Denise he wanted to make contact at her eye first, that many whales were naturally trusting and curious, but each had a different personality and some weren't fond of surprises, and motioned for her to run her hand or the device along her body until she reached the calf so Big Mama would know it was her making her way to where she needed to go, and then to just to start to scan. He would wait until she was done to keep the big whales attention focused, then have her take his position while he went to her fluke to take blood and tissue from there. He caressed her and stayed where she could see him as Denise scanned her womb and the opening where the calf should exit from. After about five minutes she returned, and he knew he had at least another five minutes before she needed to rise for another breath, so they switched positions and he swam fast to the fluke and took blood and tissue samples. Big Mama flinched a little, and she made a slow downward thrust of her fluke which swamped him and sent him around in a somersault. He was successful though, and he recovered and moved back to the giant whale's eye. They stayed for a little longer and swam back. On his way back he inspected her slit where the birth canal was and noticed irritation of the tissue there, and the bulging. He wondered is that was part of the problem.
“That was amazing” was the first thing Denise said when she exited the water. Sk'lar followed up the ladder and when he climbed on board simply said “back to the Watson, not too fast, please. Lou started back, and Julsey stopped filming as she had been the entire time. They joined up with the other skiff and tied off on either side of the Watson, coming aboard by the dive deck at the stern. Denise took the recorder to see what was on it, and Lou took the samples from Sky and Doctor Planter and he went to process the samples. Planter had also noticed the bulge near the slit. Julsey told Sk'lar to turn around and look, and Big Mama was making thrashing very similar to the simulation of whale birth they had watched the day before. There was a thrum that came from the big blue that resonated throughout the whole boat, and the water rose and fell as she moved her body in what had to be an attempt to induce delivery.
Orion even noticed what was going on and reacted as if he was concerned when he heard the whalesound. He started making unusual noises of warning and concern mixed with intermittent barks, as if he understood the sound of another living creatures distress and was upset by it. Twenty minutes later they were all in the mess, and Captain St. Croix had even come aboard to join them. They had to wait on test results, but the sonogram was already on screen and had been transmitted to Professor Mazza who had even relayed to others in colleges that studied marine and animal life and were interested in what was taking place in the middle of the Atlantic. It was clear right off that part of the placenta had ruptured or torn and there was a piece of tissue already trying to come out before the calf and was acting as a plug preventing the fluke from sliding through the slit in her body the calf would be born through; and it was probably the source of the irritation Sky had noticed. Denise, too, had noticed and thought the same thing. The calf appeared to be a little premature, but not much. It was a she and she was 5.5 meters long; not quite as long or developed as a calf should be, but she appeared close to fully formed.
Lou and John Planter came in with their results. She had an elevated white blood cell count, at least according to what was known as the relative normal as compared to gray whales, right whales, humpbacks, and other baleen whales they had data on. They just didn't know what normal was, but as far as average ranges it seemed just a little high of what they thought it should be. Apart from that, she seemed healthy. 
Doctor John noticed the placenta issue right away and said, “That's gotta be the problem right there.” He looked over the screen and asked for the controls for it. He went back and forth looking at the various images, shushing anyone who attempted to speak or disturb him. The computer had generated a very detailed image that could be rotated, color enhanced, and focused to specific sections of the big cetaceans' body. Everyone watched the old man talking to himself under his breath and just sat focused on him waiting silently not to be hushed again. He turned and spoke. “I know what we have to do and we have to do it fast, before she tears the placenta and they both wind up dead.” The room was silent and the gentle ambient hum of mechanical devices was the only sound in the room. “Tell us what we need to do.” Sky asked.
The old veterinarian explained the procedure. It meant reaching into her slit and  and cutting a section of placenta tissue that had formed as a fold from, perhaps from a deformity that had been a small tear or overgrowth that had healed, but continued to grow. It would be risky because if someone was there and she thrashed they could be hurt badly. The tissue had blocked the calf's fluke from exiting the slit. The calf was in position to come out fluke first which was normal, but the tissue was blocking the fluke or hanging it up, acting like a sling. The old man insisted on doing the procedure, but it would take two people and it was going to be Sky and him. He wasn't taking no for an answer. He left to suit up, and a sharp knife from the galley was going to be the surgical tool, along with a hook and extremely strong rope to pull out the tissue that was blocking the canal and fluke. A giant dose of pain killers and a mild sedative was prepared. They would inject her first, wait twenty minutes, and attempt to perform surgery at sea.
When they were finally relaunched and ready, Lou and Denise joined them in the water. Denise gave Big Mama the injection while they all waited by that same eye, allowing her to get accustomed to them being there. Other blues came to investigate and seemed to sense that these land dwellers were there to help. One even came to the stern of the skiff where Julsey was waiting with Orion and Captain St. Croix, who also insisted on helping. St. Croix had replaced Carlos at the helm this time. When they felt they were ready, and she was, sky went up close to her eye, and again looked her in the eye and kissed her as he floated by her side. The two men approached the slit which led to the birth canal.
Sky spread the massive skin and began to work where Doc Planter was instructing him to focus his attention. It took all his strength and he had to use his body to partially lodge himself in her opening, but it was enough room to reach the part of the placenta which was wrapped around the whales fluke. Sky could even see the fluke, which was caught in tissue as if it was a sling. How the amniotic sac didn't rupture dumbfounded the old animal doctor, but he reached in and began to cut. She would feel the spreading of her slit but not the cutting of the tissue since there were no nerves there. He cut as far as he could and couldn't reach any further. Seeing this Sky motioned for the knife and reaching under the curl of his body he pushed in further until he cut through a little more, and when it was cut as much as he could he attached the hook to the tissue and exited the slit. He attached a second rope to the loop on the end of the first and moved off. He rose to the surface and signaled for the skiff to move in a little further and throw the rope on the boat they would use to pull the piece of placenta that had to come out. 
Julsey threw the rope about 7 meters to him and he swam to it, and tied the two together. Doc Planter had gone back to collect Lou and Denise, and they had already surfaced. Sky swam off and signaled for the captain to gun it to try to dislodge the tissue. The little skiff jerked as the rope lost it's slack and then went off towing a piece of placenta behind it. This startled Big Mama and she began to thrash in another attempt to deliver her calf. She made the sea rise and fall around Sky, who was still too close for comfort. She thrashed for over a minute and when she stopped Sky noticed part of the fluke of the young calf was protruding from the slit beneath her.
“Almost” he yelled. He swam back to her eye and looked at her again. He swam off and told Julsey to pull in the rope, remove the hunk of placenta and throw the assembly back to him, and then the have the Watson station where they were, and have them tie off the rope and be ready to pull off. Julsey got on the radio frantically as St. Croix and Lou, who had climbed back aboard, pulled in the line and removed what had to be 200 pounds of tissue at minimum. The men threw the line back to Sky, who caught it but cut himself on the hook. He took the hook and swam back underneath Big Mama and attached the hook to the calf's fluke by wrapping the rope around it several times at the end of her body where the fins spread out and using the hook to latch the rope. When he rose again the Watson was in position and the rope was being tied off. He hoped it would hold. He yelled “Go!” and the big research vessel moved off.
The big boat didn't generate enough speed before the slack ran out, and there was a big tug on the end of the line as Big Mama again began to thrash and move forward. The line tightened, lessened a little, then tightened again before going completely slack. Mama had thrashed again and the calf was out, along with a little cloud of blood and loose tissue. Moments later the placenta followed. Sky rushed to the newborn to loosen the line still around her fluke. He just reached her when Mama had circled back. He used the knife he still had on him to cut the line. It didn't cut easy, it was a tough line designed not to cut or fray easily. As he finally cut through the rope she was there nudging her calf towards the surface for his first breath. He rolled off her body as she moved her aquatic child towards the atmosphere above. It had knocked the wind out of him, so to speak, and his respirator had been knocked off, and he was struggling to find which was was up and to reach the surface. 
As the baby whale reached the surface the hands on the boats who had been nervously watching erupted in cheers. Only Julsey had noticed that Sky hadn't yet surfaced. He was stunned a little and floundering under the water. She could see him under the surface, and she dove in took a deep breath and swam under to him, pulling him up until they broke through to the air above. She was crying as she pulled off his mask and kissed him. They floated there for a moment looking at each other then turned their attention to mother and calf. Sky started to cry himself, a wave of accomplishment and satisfaction washing over him.
Chapter Eleven
They were swimming back to the skiff after floating for a short time next to mother and baby, who was now swimming off slowly at his mother's side. Orion jumped in and swam to Sk'lar and Julsey, and they were laughing as they made their way back aboard the skiff and started back to the Watson. As they were about 40 meters away from docking with the mothership a whale surfaced right to the side of them and breached, splashing everything around it as it did. Another breached to starboard of the Wicked Wind. They had saved a life and made new friends. Mother and child stayed around circling the cluster of ships, and it was somewhat of a certainty among the crews that Big Mama and her pod knew what had been done for them that morning. 
There was a sense of great accomplishment in the air. The added ships did serve to distract the other blues, but apart from that they were actually unnecessary. It was still nice having them there. The father and son from the Carolina Province had arrived in time to witness the birth as well, and word went out throughout the world of the event which had just taken place. Messages were coming in from around the globe, and the only ones really having to continue to work were communications officers on the ships. Operations were being concluded in a atmosphere of celebration. The ships were still concerned about the approaching storm, and after some celebration the Wicked Wind and the Hornet started making way back to the Shore to outrun the approaching storm. The N.A.N. Al Gore was intending to head east to escort the shrimp boat back to port, but before they left crew from the Al Gore and father and son from Carolina had come aboard to tour the Watson. The shrimper had even dumped a good deal of his catch overboard and the juvenile blue from the pod, who had continued to approach the three remaining boats with interest, rose to feed upon the shrimp his little boy had insisted his father throw overboard. 
After the two boats moved off the R.V. Watson made way to the leeward side of Bermudas to ride out the storm, which was no longer a hurricane but a withering tropical depression. The jet stream was breaking it apart. The Watson was well designed and could fair harsh weather well, and after securing the boat the crew settled in to ride out what was left of the approaching storm. The boat rocked as the storm came and passed, sometimes with strong winds and other times with heavy bands of rain. When the storm had finally passed it had been just under 60 hours in the waters of Bermuda, and Sky was on the bow watching the sunset as Doctor John approached him carrying the last two cups of coffee. The luxury of the dark bean would expire after that.
“You did really well, eh...” he said handing the hot ceramic cup to his young friend. Orion was at Sky's side, and was still standing looking up at the old vet lovingly waiting for acknowledgment. “I remember when I got him from you, we didn't know if he was going to make it.” Sky reminisced. “I did. That's little doggie there just needed love, and you gave him that.” Sky smiled. Orion had been found as the last surviving pup of an orphaned litter living in the wilds near Old Trenton. Sk'lar stayed up with the pup for four days until he started to eat on his own. Sky was the first living thing the dog had seen and bonded with him like he was his mother. “Thank you for asking me to join you on this.” John said to his friend. “I haven't had this much fun in years, at least since that sick seal you brought me when you were 14.” he added thankfully.
“I couldn't think of anyone else so uniquely qualified, Doc.” Sk'lar extended his hand to shake the hand of the man with whom he had just shared one of the more exciting moments of his life. “I might be able to return the favor. There's a herd of Woolly Mammoth just below the tundra that I am going to check on next month. You can come if you want.” He offered. “I'd like that. I have to make sure the salmon project is.... oh, God, I have to check on the project!” he just remembered. 
The skype to Lawrence was short and almost unnecessary. Lawrence had always been a little bit scattered and more concerned about hitting the pubs in Red Bank than doing any kind of real work. When the skype connected Lawrence was in Sky's office, and surprise, surprise, Beth was there with him. “Yo, it's tight here, no need to worry.” he told his lifelong friend. “Besides, Beth here has been helpin' me, yo.” 
“Helping?” Beth cut in. “More like carrying your load, yo!” she said in a playfully confrontational tone. Julsey had come in and the girls exchanged hellos, and as they continued to chatter over the two boys Lawrence cut in. “Bro, looks like we lost this call. Everything's actually ahead of schedule and I can set the Raritan any day now. I got it, eh..” “Got it, yous ain't got it, we do. If it wasn't for.....” Beth spoke over him, then he over her. “She's a pain in the ass but she's sharp, I'll check ya later, eh.” he said as he got up from the chair at Sk'lar's desk. “I gotcha', later.” Sky adding getting up as the two began to chatter and squawk like the girls they were. That call lasted for an hour and forty minutes.
Sky went to a far corner and sat at a terminal and composed an email to his parents, Orion still staying close by his side. He hadn't had a personal call with his parents yet either, but this would do. When the next day broke and the storm was long gone they took the skiff to the island and hunted down the man who first noticed the big blue in trouble. Sk'lar asked him how he knew what the deal was and that she was in trouble. “I be raised here my 'tire life mon, dontcha tink I'd-a know if an big one was in disss-tress. I've seeen bunches of big babies come into the world out dare. Dey come here ya tink it was dare priavate nursery or sumting.” There were only about 200 people on the entire island, and they were very self-sufficient. They were ecstatic when the Watson left behind loads of supplies much easier to come by on Shore. There was a beach party before the Watson left, and Sk'lar and Julsey got to enjoy a honeymoon even before the question was even thought about being asked.
To think that 300 years ago whales were being hunted and were on their way to extinction, and then 200 years later mankind had realized the damage that was being caused and there was a war for the survival of man, the earth, and many of the species that were being driven to extinction, and further that 100 years ago the oceans and lands were in many places still reeling from the wars and devastation that came with the Great Collapse, to see the advancements in humanity, the civility, compassion, and concern of man, and see the results of hard work and dedication to a new manner of human conduct, the young couple discussed how bright the future seemed for them. Einstein had said “I fear the day when the technology overlaps with our humanity. The world will only have a generation of idiots.” It seems Einstein's prediction had finally been reversed.
As the skiff approached the R.V. Watson to start the journey home a school of spotted dolphin joined them as they made their way to the old research vessel and as it started its way back home. They had to stop because Orion had jumped in, he was always jumping in to swim with porpoises. They seemed to like him.
Sky finally got his parents on a skype. “I's proud of ya dare, son, eh?” Al Duncan said softly, in the intimacy of a call between just himself and his wife. Lynn put her hand over her heart and said, “I told you you were destined to have a rewarding life and do special things, Sky. We'll have Julsey's parents down here waiting for her when you two get back here. They spent the night when you left and we love them. They play spades and hearts. Your daddy found him another fishin' buddy as well, eh” Lynn told her son. “Just email me the time you 'spect to get back. Mike Mazza wants to have a party for ya and I told him that we can use your home when you get in, unless you want to wait.”
“No, mom, at long as he doesn't try to put accolades on me for everything that's fine. Where's Lawrence at?” he asked. “Off tending to your fish, I think” was all she had left to say. They ended the call and he made his way to the Watson's forward deck. Julsey was there with Orion and they were standing on the bow of the Watson staring into the setting of the sun. “So now we sail off into the sunset?” he asked her.
“No,” she said quickly. “this is just like another sunrise to me, full of hope.” She paused, she was holding a piece of paper in her left hand. “I found this in the cloud. This boat was named for Paul Watson, who lived 150 years ago. He worked to save the seas and fight for whales when they were still being hunted.” 
“I know,” Sky responded, “I know who he was.” She finished her point and then drove it home. “I found this quote by him in the cloud when I was digging. I think you fulfilled the legacy of this ship.”
The paper had a quote printed on it:
“If the whales survive and flourish, if the seals continue to live and give birth, and if I can contribute to ensuring their future prosperity, I will be forever happy." - Paul Watson

800 miles away in the Delaware River just above New Trenton, about 200 salmon swam in place facing upstream in a stainless and organic polymer pen that Lawrence had crafted from one of Sk'lars designs. Beth and Laurence were arguing as they were working together, yet fighting over transferring the last few fish in truck's live well into the river water pen. A stupid argument about doing one at a time or two. The salmon would live there for about two weeks or less, and be released as soon as they were ready to move upstream and spawn. The two were both fairly quick-witted and as much as they said they disliked each other, they didn't venture too far from each others company since she came down to see Julsey off. They would have their own adventure in a month or so that would break down the walls between them and bring them together, but that was another story.
