A Bedtime Story Version 2 
Edenia Series
Copyrighted Beth Hoyer 2015
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may be downloaded or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please download an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

PROLOGUE:
Nikolas publicity assumed as a son of Jinks Montreal, when actually a clone of Jinks Montreal, via cloning, sat in the armchair in Jinks Montreal's spare bedroom room aka daughter's room, telling the story involving the natives of planetary worlds. Theme involving telling any story despite Yana, the Recorder, kept on blaring her familiar battery operated alarm clock to his annoyance. He found that Yana kept insisting on him to tell the story or stories despite indicating it was for creating a story via her typing work on the laptop to his annoyance. Nikolas spoke the story of an Elf named Nikita despite confused to where he got the dream in the first place.

NIKITA'S STORY
Nikita astral projects, still unable to sleep his eternal rest, while asleep in a trance, in a castle in a nation dubbed Ireland by the Humans, abandoned spies onto twins, Ian and Erin, he hears them speak the names to each other while acting like they don’t sense him while traveling in an alleyway in a Human like city, he sees is a trap and tries to warn them but they don’t seem to hear him and witnesses them fall into the ground by it opening up showing a portal. He sees the scene changed to the familiar chasm which twins appear from teleportation to stand near it. Nikita continues to watch as Sye in an old man Human form, his enemy and a magician appears from teleportation which he screams out warning towards the twins to get away from him due to forgetting that people he yells at while in astral projection don’t hear him or detect him. He sees Sye use magic to get the twins to fall into the chasm really a tunnel entrance. He realizes that Sye is looking for a kid, Nonne, he hid from him making Nonne have animalistic nature at meeting to make Sye put off thinking he’s the one he’s looking for. He watches with horror as twins fall lengthy in tunnel before deposed into a lighted by glowing ball cave which he sees another kid there he recognizes as Nonne inside that acts Human to them despite having some nature of animalistic. Nikita eavesdrops onto twins and Nonne discuss the situation their in which Nonne is seen showing them the door to nowhere he says but has blackness seen and something that indicates some falling down the ground sense. Twins and Nonne he eavesdrop discuss their lives he listens are refugees from a war hitting a land called Europe involving Humans fighting a set of odd Humans with pointed ears and almond shaped eyes calling themselves Elves that seemed impossible to defeat as if anticipating their moves via fights in combat including firing weapons from above, and continues to listen as kids say that their parents sent them on a boat to the United States of America's Canadian territory, due to Elves balking to travel to there instead is busy doing fighting mostly in Europe, Asia and Africa, due to having relatives living there which according to twins no one met them at the arrival to New Jasonville City and that the captain of the boat kicked them out due to needing to sail to Great Britain to assist in the war. The twins wound up living on the streets in the city stealing from people to gain food and items for their lives while avoiding living in some work factory from people doing that to kids found abandoned in the city. Twins add that they wound up going into an alleyway trying to avoid some cop targeting them for getting them into an orphanage and separating them something they didn’t want like they heard happened to fellow kids on the street who had family members and wound up separated as a result. He listens as Nonne explains that his Grampa took him in due to being too young to fight in the war and his Grampa too old to fight which they were living in some run down apartment while Grampa worked in a factory for hours trying to help the war effort for the American Humans joining in the war after repeatedly announcing that they weren’t interested in fighting only to join when the Elves reportedly bombed a historical documented museum base in Hawaii that got the United States with their annexed territories riled up to fight in the war. He listens as Nonne explains that his name is Nathan but he’s nicknamed Nonne due to saying the saying Non a lot to people when they ask him questions and he saying that saying in answer just to avoid answering questions he doesn’t want to answer. Nikita stiffens sensing Sye eavesdropping onto the talk through an unseen servant Nikita over heard Sye refers as Gin who he has figured out is an astral formed spirit inhibiting animals and hanging around people to eavesdrop onto talk for Sye hearing through the servant. Nikita sees twins and Nonne cut their talking to go to the door yanking it open and hears Erin yell in a loud tone of voice an anybody home question indicating that she has some magical ability to him. He watches realizing that the twins are actually the guardians of Nonne passed down to guard him due to his magical heritage of being a descendant of an unknown magician. He eyes Nonne recalling that Sye’s actual reason for trying to find Nonne involves some ability to body jump into people whenever the current body’s life span ends and body jumps to keep himself alive and that Sye takes control once inside the body of a person with magical abilities still intact and that Sye has been focused onto body jumping people descendants of magicians due to that their magical abilities remains in their bodies for Sye to use with his powers. Nikita feels annoyance take control recalling his efforts to stop Sye from body jumping has resulted in failure along with his own body suffering a mortal injury which would cause him to shed the body form to grow a new body form identical to the old body form and occupies him for two suns and once done with the shedding spends a whole sun sleeping without astral projecting just to heal up and gain his powers’ strength back which sleeping always restore his energy. Nikita watches as the blackness gets illuminated by multiple doors opening all over the place except the ceiling and bottom of the room revealing too many to count captured children peering out. He hears Sye’s laughing sounds to see twins and Nonne fall into the door’s room as if pushed to see them reach the bottom hitting a sticky web that he knows is a trap to capture kids falling out and spies a giant spider crawling towards the kids as the blackness returns by the kids shutting the doors. He sees an illuminated glowing Sye appear in front of a cave entrance near the web and figures that its astral projection as Sye waves a hand and sees a lightening bolt come out hitting the spider that disappears showing it’s an astral projection trick. He hears Sye comment loudly that the one he’s looking for is here and refuses to say which kid it is and adds that the trap will hold before he arrives before fades from view plunging the room in darkness. Nikita hears Ian’s thoughts sounding panicky blasting in his mind about needing to get out of the trap and doesn’t know how to do it. He realizes that it’s the guardian inside the kid activated communicating with him which he mentally talks back calming Ian out of panicking to get him to calm Erin and Nonne. He uses the mental talk to get Ian to activate his electricity powers to zap the web off of him along with doing it to Erin and Nonne and finds communication cut off as the three kids fall out of the trap into a cave tunnel below them. He watches them sliding all over the place and realizes from memory where the tunnel leads to a portal in the wall of the throne room of his castle figures that he’ll wake up and meet them which he does standing in the throne room forgetting about the castle power wards put in place to block Sye from entering and regarding visitors coming through that portal which kids near the entrance while sliding triggers an alternative personality to come forwards taking control. Nikita finds himself retreating in his mind locked in some see through box of ice watches as his personality he dubs Nikolai take control as kids arrive through portal and transported out of the castle through teleportation method onto bridge leading to castle over a chasm and sees Nikolai uses lightening bolts to get kids to move away from the castle. He screams from inside the cage that he doesn’t mean the nasty behavior and can’t do a thing about it or Nikolai taking control thanks to his castle wards put in place to protect him while he’s inside. Nikita watches as kids reach the other end of the chasm bridge ending on a rocky wall into a cave entrance which Sye appears walking out of the cave entrance blocking their way to freeze the kids in ice. Nikita finds himself in control abruptly watching Sye burst into laughter to eye Ian as if drawn to see the ice shatter all around him by the kid bursting into flames and throwing fireballs aimed at Erin and Nonne that shatter the ice around them due to figuring out that Ian’s guardian powers activated to free the kids from trapped status but senses something odd with Ian to indicate something else he can’t put a finger on. Nikita eyes Sye warily who stops laughing to snarl out loud some comment that he found what he was looking for and transports Ian out by lightening bolt hitting the kid who disappears as his senses blare warning figuring out that its Nonne who Sye figured out who is what he’s looking for and that Ian was transported to a trap to contain him and keep him from interfering from Sye’s attempts to take Nonne when body jumping. He finds his hunch correct by Sye rolling his eyes and hitting the ground in some dead faint like move which he finds his wards formed a shield over the castle and kept him from going near the kids as in blocking his way. Nonne he watches with horror faints abruptly telling him that Sye is taking possession of the kid. He eyes Nonne to see Erin kneel and slam a fist into Nonne’s chest seeing the fist glow blue colored before hitting the kid’s chest to figure out that Erin is counterattacking Sye from inhibiting Nonne. Nikita watches to step back from the shield wall as fire forms in its place blinking in and out repeatedly in front of him making him nervous from the fire. He hears a scream of terror sounding in Sye’s voice to him before the fire wall stops and silence to see the shield stop forming and senses his wards in the castle stop abruptly. He realizes that Sye is gone and will return in two hundred years his time for being reborn again to cause trouble like it has always happened before regardless of killing Sye and body form the magician is inhibiting dies with no one around except him for body jumping which he recalls that the Nikolai personality comes out whenever Sye tries to body jump into him which Nikolai repeatedly has successfully kept Sye from inhibiting his body and that the magician always gives out his familiar scream of terror before becoming gone and that the familiar sound is heard again when Sye is reborn into some male’s adult form. Nikita darts towards kids to hear from Erin once reaching them in some pleading voice tone to get her brother and hears from Nonne who wakes up blurting loudly that Sye put Ian with the other kids trapped in the cave rooms as he usually does to contain kids regardless of them escaped from the rooms. Nikita teleports himself to Ian finding the kid alone in a cave room where Nonne said he would who tells him to free the kids would involve Nikita he names using his current body’s magic to make kids return back to where they fell into the traps set by Sye. Nikita listens finding that it’s the guardian talking and not Ian who ads that the traps once the kids goes through returning with shut for good till Sye activates them again and that the kids’ memories of the trap and cave room will be erased from them from them falling into some sleep status that’ll take one sun position before they wake up and not remember anything. He listens as Ian speaks that Erin and Nonne will not remember this but Ian he names would have knowledge and might possibly assume it’s a dream due to that he like the other kids would fall into some sleep status after through the trap which if the kids are still at the trap’s site when waking up would get some compulsion to walk away from the trap area and not be inclined to visit the area again till they reached the age to avoid activating the trap due to that Sye has some ward on the trap to trap kids already gone through it again if they went through it. The ward according to Ian won’t trap other kids walking through that area due to Sye being gone till the magician is reborn to activate the traps again. Nikita transports Ian and himself once Ian finishes talking to Erin and Nonne to see the twins greet each other happily while sensing that Ian isn’t going to acknowledge his talk to him while in the cave room. He wills away the animalistic nature of Nonne who points a finger aimed at him and says some free the kids comment in some firm voice that tells him it’s the magician inside the kid talking. He speaks that he has to do the freeing into his castle and that the kids can’t come in with him due to that he’ll focus on kicking them out as if compelled to do it. Nikita doesn’t say anything about Nikolai but sees Ian’s eyes narrow with a look in them that suggests he knows something he’s not saying and goes into the castle after ordered by Nonne to do it now for they’ll wait here. He enters the castle to hit his sleeping room to pick up a long bladed knife stuck in a stone block in the room realizing what will free the kids is himself giving himself a life threatening injury by knife which he kneels and thrusts the knife into his heart area and knocks himself out to float above his body as Ian comes into view to pull out the knife by left hand and with a hand move flicks the knife that appears to slide into the kid’s arm handle first and arm doesn’t seem to show anything indicating the knife inside to him before disappearing from view in a teleportation trick from view. Nikita just as he rises from his body realizes that the battle with Sye isn’t over with and that the All Seeing One who gave life to magicians and magic has picked Ian to take over the battle by him acquiring the knife weapon in his stead. He floats away from his body to see it shrivel up in dust finds himself going into the sky and out of the castle while in the sky hears a loud voice sounding male to him saying that its his time to come home and that his duty is done. Nikita shuts his eyes as bright light shines in his eyesight and his last thought is on Ian and hoping that he’ll do a good job in fighting Sye without any problems like he has done which Nikita reveals himself as an Elf who doesn't want anything to do with the war before called home for the eternal sleep. 

Nikolas paused from telling the story as he saw Dalton, as the male called he despite denying that he was the original Jinks Montreal, was lying onto the air mattress bed, still awake and staring at the ceiling, while hearing the noises of a laptop's keys going in response to his talk. Groaning softly Nikolas paused while hearing the keys of the laptop going via Yana Renova, publicity known as the writer of planet Aire, named, Veronica Thomas, Jinks Montreal's daughter's clone and twin typing the stories he was telling down. It involved what he was seeing via his All Seeing One ability. He paused from telling his story to frown hearing snickering like laughter in his mind of the Meritanians, he gave up his familiar groan noise sounding of the plants were playing a joke again. He ignored Yana's Hmph sound till he yawned feeling himself tired and leaned back in the armchair letting himself pass out unconscious to dream a dream of something he saw in his mind, till an alarm clock blared again. Nikolas found Yana seated on the bed still having the laptop on her lap while holding her battery operated alarm clock in her hand. 
He groaned and spoke "Excuse me but the Meritanians put me to sleep so I won't see what joke they played."
Nikolas got a glare from Yana giving him all black eyes in response despite indicating the Master, as she called the mental ability, in control. He ignored the Meritanians heard snickering in his mind due to Tank always making sure he could hear him anywhere on planet Aire, playing a joke as usual. He sighed and spoke the story involving a male named Ian, ignoring the laughter sounded in his mind in Tank's voice tone. 

IAN'S STORY
In my drunken mood I felt myself falling asleep falling unconscious. I felt myself transported in time as if my body was light and I was covered in something like cloth. I felt myself lighter and lighter until I saw the light shining of a sunrise. I saw it became light then I woke up in a bed in a wooden room. It was wood all around. There was a square window with the sun shining through it illuminating the room. The bed was a wooden slab. 
Oh I should introduce myself. My name is Ian. I am from Ireland via an abandoned castle dubbed Nikita unsure of the name. How I got here to this room I have no idea except I think I time traveled. I am a time traveler. I traveled to some place back in time and forward in time. Ah How I got drunk is I drank myself drinking berry juice all because I was upset with my life. Oh where do I start? I should start at the beginning. Just to get everything out of the way. I'm writing this as I think of the events of what happened. 
I was the third and last child born of Kendra and Finbar before the war with the invading Elves arrived to Earth with their weapons of destruction. I have sun golden hair and Human sky blue eyes. I’m part of a species called Human. I'm quite tall for my age of second decade. I grew up on a farm with animals before sent to America to live with my sister Erin. The farm was mostly involving horses, four legged creatures. You simply ride them. Their backs were low sculpted in a semicircle. Their noses were long as my arm. They had hair that parted to the side on their arched necks. Every time I road one I would bounce up and down. The farm was mostly breeding horses for racing before the army came and took them away for war methods. They were as I learned very popular in Ireland one of the last hold outs of the Humans fighting the impossible to defeat Elves in rest of Europe and elsewhere. They were used for all kinds of things such as eating, transportation, and using their thick wooly fur for clothing. Their bone was made into armor and for weapons such swords and shields due to the Elves prefer to fight with combative art than gun weapons. The Elves seemed to have some kind of power to mentally stop guns working hence the swords and shields used. I grew up learning to ride them on the farm as soon as that annoying cat stops playing with my pen. Excuse me a moment. 

Oh where was I? I had to let the cat out of my room further among others in the underground city of Erin as dubbed. The cat's fur that sheds is used to make baby clothes. They make a sound like "meow". They do have claws that cause scratches. I've gotten scratched from Timmy my sunset colored cat a few times as I grew up on the farm. They come in a variety of colors always involved with the sunset colors. They've blue, black, orange, red, pink, purple and perhaps green. I grew up learning the art of sword making. I would use a leg bone of a horse and with a stone I would hack the bone until one end was sharp to poke a hole in a poor person, yet my parents considered me the baby of the family and wouldn’t let me fight in the war with the Elves in Europe despite the Elves getting control of that continent. I'm not even sure of what was going on involving the Elves ignoring the United States of America and Ireland when they fought the war with us Humans. They according to radio when eavesdropping via my parents' talk seemed to focus mostly in Europe, Asia, Africa, Central America and South America. They have refused to get into America or Canada or some areas in Ireland such as Northern Ireland using some scared method of something in the land freaking them out to be scared to death. My childhood was filled as I stayed on the farm learning to raise horses before the war began. I would learn how to tame their young so they could be led by rope and be ridden. I also learned how to teach a horse to get used to a sitter on their backs. I hardly saw my brother and sister. My parents told me that they were learning different trades. As for my parents, they kept me on the farm wearing some electric device on my left ankle. It would give off a silent alarm whenever I passed beyond the yard limits of the device. Once I did that my parents would come running and grab me. They would give me such a spanking. 

One time as a child I wandered into the forest forgetting about the dangers. If the alarm went off my father never came to get me. I should have known that he did it on purpose because he saw something wrong with me. When I came to a clearing I stood admiring the forest. It had tall trees thicker than anything I ever seen. There were white leaves drooping from the tall trees that touched the floor. Then in a blink of an eye it went from the sunrise of the new day to nighttime. I had no idea why except I must have time traveled. I discovered this fact till later. Then as I looked around in the darkness, the Queen as led by the Humans in Northern Ireland and her guards grabbed me from behind. Lucky for me I was a child of seven that the guards hauled me to my parent’s farm. There was a curfew by the Queen that every Human cannot walk around in the dark. I had no idea why the curfew was started and insisted by the Queen. It was when the guards would patrol to keep our borders safe. The farmhouse in its large triangle shape stood and in the porch stood my father with disappointment in his eyes. The guard hauled me to him. He grabbed my ear and yanked it. It hurt. 
He told me “Go inside now. I’ll deal with you later.” 
I obeyed but hid myself behind the curtain. I could barely hear the guards’ scolding father and demanding something like a signature on a piece of paper. Father groaned and signed the paper. Then I ran upstairs to the loft to my room. I sat on my bed. The front door slammed and father’s booming steps came walking up the stairs. I stood up as he entered my room. He stood there staring at me. 
“There’s something wrong with you” He said. 
I told him “I was standing in the clearing when day turned night in a blink of an eye.” 
He abruptly frowned and spoke repeating “There’s something wrong with you.” 
I was confused and stood wondering when he would get the point. Father ran a hand in his blonde hair. His blue eyes bore at me.
He glared and spoke, “I saw you go into the forest when you promised you wouldn’t. As for the blink of the eye thing, it must be your denials for playing in there too long. “
“But Father” I protested “It really happened.” 
Father stood staring at me. He spoke “You’re boarded for three days”
Then he left the room before I could protest. For anyone wishing to know that boarded means I have to stay in my room for three days and not come out unless for meal times and to the bathhouse times.

For Three days I stayed in my room reading my favorite books. They were mostly about the history of the Ireland a nation in the sea. Father would stop by with my meal of squares in a package. 
He told me “This is what you’re getting for three days. Use them up wisely. You should learn how to ration food.” 
The food was consisted of a bunch of squares. I did my best to ration them. By the end of my punishment there were three squares left. I also was not allowed to leave my room for the bathhouse. To handle my needs Father gave me an empty pail and two buckets of water, which he told me to ration. I wondered why Father was doing it. I had no idea nor would I know of that it had something to do with my future. I would learn about it later at my second decade.

What I mostly remember of my childhood is one night at the eve of our Solstice longest night of the year festival I had a dream. I was ten years old. I dreamed about beings with brown hair and pointed ears. Their eyes were blue like Humans but I figured that they were hybrids of Elves and Humans later on when I was older. I was standing on something that was a ruined castle in the distance and watching them working around. I stood there watching the beings go about their business. 
I could only hear these words, “We are the Dragon riders.” 
Over and over again as I stood watching them and I saw that there were round dwellings I knew from school were called huts. They had furry skin over them. There were flaps which the Dragon riders I decided to call them that would open to go in the hut. There were fires with stones around them. They were cooking meat. They were wearing brown clothes that were raggedy and not put together well. Strings somehow tied the clothes together. I saw two sets of them. One set had long hair and was wearing skirts over their pants and boots. The other set had short hair and was wearing pants. Their tops were all identical. I looked around and I could see beasts such as horses tied to sticks. They were munching away in bowls. I tried to look closer but then the dream went away and I woke up. I wrote the dream down in my journal. It was a requirement among my parents towards me to write dreams down. I also noted the date. For every year at the eve of the Solstice festival until I actually met the hybrids I would have this same dream. The words in it were always the same. Yet it resolved for me to learn about them. I also paid attention to the area they were in and did some research on it.
 
The winter solstice festival was about the longest night of the Human year. It was the only night that the Humans were allowed to be out at night. I’ve never been to one at the palace but father when I was five years old would dress up in a costume of the sun and leave the house. Mother stayed behind until I was six was when she left for the last time. I never saw her again. I have no idea on what happened to her. 
I remember asking Father about her, but he always tell me the same confusing answer is that “She has disappeared.” 
I learned that it meant death from being in school. As for the Solstice, each year till I left the house for the last time father would lock me in my room. He refused to let me celebrate because it was promises to mother that I wouldn’t be out at that time he claims. I think he was lying and I still think he was lying. I would look outside the window to see the colorful lights of the festival in the sky. It sometimes made me depressed but I learned to cope. 

One Solstice night at age sixteen I snuck out my window after father left the house to join the festival. I climbed out the window onto the roof and sat watching the sky. Father came home abruptly and wasn’t pleased to see me on the roof. This time I disobeyed and refused to get down from the roof. I sat there watching the sky and snoozed on there till morning.
 
In the morning I tried to climb in but father left a note on the window that said “You’re boarded for three days in your room and I locked the window.” 
For three days I stayed in my room with lesser amounts of food and water as before when I was boarded at seven years old.

When I was in my second decade, father told me to come outside one day. I saw the Queen’s carriage and was confused. The guards held up a slip of paper I recalled my father signed when I was seven years old which was what they were holding. The guards came and hauled me into the carriage. I sat staring at our Queen not meeting her eyes, as protocol requires. Some anger was emanating from her.
She spoke “You knew the curfew at seven years old and disobeyed your father. The paper your father signed was his permission to sign you over to me. I’m committing you to the work camp where you’ll stay for that disobeying.”
I stared at her and frown with confusion on my face. It was a shock. I thought she was wrong to commit me to the asylum as dubbed and was secretly enraged that my father couldn’t stand up for me and refused to sign the paper.
The Queen spoke again annoying me “Don’t even think of escaping, my guards will kill you.” 
I didn’t care anymore. I was angry that my father didn’t defend me. It seemed that he saw something wrong with me and didn’t want me anymore. I sat seething then I waited my chance to escape. I leaned back sitting there pretending to sleep while gathering my thoughts. When I was two years younger I did some research on the mysterious castle. I found in our historians that there was a haunted castle nearby Dublin that the Elves have been ignoring and refusing to have anything to do with it. It was a lengthy ride via horse to get to Dublin to the castle. No Human went there or lived there in Dublin only an Elf King dubbed Sye lived there with his people. I learned much about the area I could. I had a feeling that it was where the hybrids were I figured out who they were. I knew I had to find them even it meant escaping from the Queen. I didn’t want to do it but I knew of a way to escape them. The Queen’s carriage crosses a bridge over a river gorge. My father taught me how to land in the water safely from high distances. I also learned how to jump from the top of the barn to the hay on the floor below. Father taught me how to fight in combat using any kind of object as a weapon. Even an empty bucket can be used as a weapon too. 

So I sat binding my time. I listened with my ears as the carriage started crossing the bridge. I awoke and grabbed for the door. The Queen ignored me as I was out of the door and running across the bridge. The guards in their horse armor gave chase. I jumped off the bridge into the gorge below twisting and turning my body in acrobatic moves. I managed to land safely into the water below. It didn’t accord to me that the Queen let me escape because she said something while I was pretending to sleep which I didn’t get till later. 
I remembered she said “Good luck.”
It was shocking that she said that. How did she know of my mission? Unless she got it from reading my journals which my father would turn over whenever I wasn’t in the house. 

One day I hid myself in a tree at age eleven and was watching the house. The Queen’s guard one of them came riding up. I saw Father hand him my journal that I just finished to the guard. The Guard rode off.
The next day I couldn’t find the journal and confronted my father by saying “You gave my journal to the Queen’s guard.”
His response was “It wasn’t your journal but mine.” 
Somehow I wasn’t convinced because my journals always turn out missing. As for the water, it was cold and the river carried me towards a big lake to a shipping port. I knew it was a shipping port because of the ships that landed on the ground and shoot up towards the sky. I knew that they were going elsewhere. I learned from father that it’d take three days before word from Alentown to reach the shipping port of Atalanta where I came from about my escape. I went to a bar and drank some berry juice still angry with my father. I shouldn’t have done that but I drank three drinks to be drunk which I passed out and woke up in the wooden room. I pulled out my journal, which amazingly survived my fall into the river. I started writing. How I got in this room was beyond me. The door opened and a female Elf dressed in a shirt blue skirt showing leg and a blue strap top showing cleavage came in carrying a tray. I stood up staring at her. 
She spoke “Greetings, you must have a problem because you were nearly drinking yourself drunk. I brought food for you. I also gave you a shot to combat the hangover.” 
She set the tray on the desk. I could smell boxes of flavored food. I wondered what else we Humans could eat besides flavored boxes. It seemed boring to me. I munched on them as I listened to her leaving. Then she locked the door with her keys.
I heard her say, “The Queen sends her regards Ian.” 
I got up food unfinished and paced the room. I knew I couldn’t stay here or be sent to the asylum. I had no idea of how long I was out. The cat I let out of the room was back in the room scratching the door wanting to be let out. I blinked my eyes and then found myself sitting at the desk as the female Elf came in the room.
I stared at her as she spoke “Greetings, you must have a problem because you nearly drinking yourself drunk. I brought food for you. I also gave you a shot to combat the hangover.” 
At the moment I was confused and wondered what was happening to me. I noticed the clock on the wall and it dawned on me that somehow I time traveled. It also explained several incidents that happened when I was younger. One incident I was twelve years old combating with my father with Bo sticks on a log above a small river. My foot slipped and I fell headfirst into the river knocking my head onto a rock. Then I found myself back on the log with my father sparring with him. I remembered the foot move that caused my fall and avoided it. I tried to tell father about it but he wouldn’t hear it. 
He told me “It’s just an excuse that I beat you in sparring today.”
The second incident I remember as a thirteen year old I was training a horse to get used to having a rider when I was thrown off head first because I didn’t have my hand on the reins securely. Then suddenly I was back on the horse with my hands securely tied to the reins as the animal reared. I noticed that for once a year on different days there would be time travel incidents involving me nearly dying several times and getting trapped too. I found that the time travel didn’t always helped me like one incident at fourteen when I slipped on a rock sparring with my father and broke my arm. 

I got up and as before and stood watching her put the tray on the desk. I put away my journal and put it in my hidden pocket. She looked at me with malice in her eyes like she was angry with me. I had a feeling I was asleep for three days. How did the Queen let the people here know of me? I had no idea. I was confused but as she turned to leave I followed her and hit her hard on the head. She fell with a thud. The food I ate some blocks and put the rest in a hidden pocket.

I put the female Elf, in her exotic clothes on the bed and used the bed sheets to tie her up and covered her mouth with a bed sheet. I hated having to do that but no choice on whoever knew of me. I looked out the window and could see the Queen’s carriage was there. I could hear heavy footfalls and a clanking noise of the guard’s armor coming up the stairs to the second floor. My species have exceptionally good hearing. The noise made it easier for me to open the window and climb onto the roof of the house. I walked on the top part of the triangle house. There’s no tip to the triangle but a four inches wide passageway. I walked on it to the other side and slid down the roof to the back of the house. Lucky the female Elf had a compass hidden on her so I used it to run towards Dublin. On my way as the sun was high in the sky, I saw a horse tied to a tree. A guard was sitting there eating his food. Too late he saw me and grabbed his sword. I attacked him kicking with my legs. He clumsily swung the sword at me. I grabbed the sword with my hands and kicked him hard in the head. He fell to the ground as he gave a shout. I kicked him knocking him out. Then I salvaged whatever supplies I could get including stripping him of his uniform and armor, which was thick pants and a shirt with a horse plate on it. I also put on the helmet of a horse head on my head and I used it to disguise myself. I climbed a tree with him and tied him to a branch stuffing his mouth with leaves. Then I took the horse and galloped away. I had no idea of what became of the poor guard. 

Thanks to father, I knew how to live off land and ration supplies. It took me nearly two months to reach the area called Nikita where the abandoned castle was, because of having to stop and hide in the forest due to searching Elves, appearing to be looking for me. They were at first come on horse back but I evaded them by hiding myself in a tree and the horse was left hidden in a bush. They were awful in their searches for me. The Elves guards would look around like they were scared and then gallop away. I guessed that the forest I was in was in legends belonged to some creature called Master. I never learned what creature it was but the horse I rode on the way indicated that we were being followed. One day I backtracked and discovered the Elves guards knocked out with food bags hanging in trees. It helped keep my supplies plenty and fresh. I realized that the mysterious Master was also manipulating me. My keen hearing would hear branches cracking ahead and I would look to see a path as if some creature made it. It took me awhile but I learned that the Master wanted me to take the paths he or she made. Interesting another day the Elves used flyers machines that hover with their loud noises and blades. For some reason the trees above me would lock together as if the Master commanded them to hide me from the Elves. The Master was also helping me keep my food and water bags full. He or she would lead me to a bush full of fruit or a pond where I would drink and eat my fill.

I discovered the mysterious Master was appearing to be some kind of blood drinker. I knew this fact for waking up during my sleep on the ground with the horse tied to the tree in the morning feeling like I had blood loss by the dizziness. This happened repeatedly most mornings whenever I woke up. I wasn't pleased about that but figured out that the Master as referred him was leading me around in a circle just to feed off of me. I managed after three days of figuring out this circular bit rode the horse towards Nikita's castle ignoring the Master's attempts to lead me away. I forced myself towards Nikita's castle to reach a field with coldness felt. I rode the horse onto the field towards the mountains in the distance. The field seemed lengthy and took forever to cross. It seemed vast to me as I rode the horse onto it. I had to stop multiple times in the evenings to start an eater for warmth onto the ground while trying to warm myself up. Sometimes the eater didn't last long enough to my standards. I didn't mind that. It sort of warmed me up enough to get me onto the horse to continue on traveling through the vast field. The mountains' distance seemed too lengthy to reach. It annoyed me one sun of waking up feeling the horse chewing with the grass near me. I found the horse stayed near me and the eater's warmth instead of wandering elsewhere. I kept on riding the horse while sometimes walking for exercise and keeping myself warm on the way towards the mountains while crossing this endless field in the cold. There were times I felt like giving up but I had images of the Hybrids flashing in my mind that would get stronger and stronger while traveling in the endless field. I figured I was getting nearer and nearer them hence the images kept flashing in my mind. I kept on traveling with the images blinking in my mind me using them to guide me towards the Hybrids. I was rewarded when one day I spotted smoke from an eater fire in the distance.
I heard within my mind as I eyed the smoke "We're the Dragon riders."
I figured that the smoke meant it belonged to the Hybrids despite unsure of the name of Dragon riders, as they were referred. I used the smoke to guide me to them. I arrived near the smoke on the third sun to smell it within my nostrils to continue on riding closer and closer towards it. I wound up finding that the smoke was joined by multiple smokes of fires I kept on smelling. I traveled closer enough to spot the Dragon riders as they were referred doing cooking and camping while clad in their animal skin clothes going around their business.

Nikolas paused from telling Ian's story in first person. This time he spoke the story using third person points of view.

Ian or descendant of the original Ian who met the Hybrids living in icy land, heard from Walls, the Meritanian abruptly sounding in his mind "Unnecessary on using him my King. That Human said what I wanted to hear from him which is the words 'I surrender'. I have taken the liberty of transporting him to the brig. Oh if you wish to interrogate him use someone else other than your hybrid son. This Human is immune to son's mental abilities which is speak he can’t use his mind walking powers or will seen as a threat. Your son can get information via verbal talk."
Ian heard an edge in Walls' voice tone figured that there’s something suspicious going on from the Meritanian's wording. He figured to himself that Walls was hiding something from him again. He frowned as he sat next to the eater fire warming himself. 
He heard from Walls "Yeah I'm telling the truth."
Ian felt himself annoyed at Walls again hiding something from him. He stood up to pace keeping himself within vicinity of the eater's warmth despite cold.
Walls again spoke sounding annoyed blaring in his mind "What are you babbling about?" 
This was followed by a pause then Walls added speaking "We Meritanians are in contact with that human dubbing himself, Ian. He appears to have a sense to overhear everything we saying."
Ian stiffened hearing his name spoken. 
He mentally spoke "Walls, Kiddy, talk on who you're talking to. You seem to be talking to someone else other than me about my mental ability."
He heard from Walls in response "Yeah, the Elves are aware of you, Ian can hear us Meritanians’ chatter. The Elves are asking certain questions related to you. The Elves are very curious as to who you are. That despite you resisting their attempts to bring you to civilization and among their kind to live with hence they acting threatening towards you. It's their normal way of getting wild Humans to civilization to be domesticated and out of living off land like some ridiculous gonoid having gonoid language."
Ian felt himself disgusted hearing the Meritanians' talk. 
He mentally spoke "Why couldn't you have the Elves' leader fully explain via you what the Elves are trying to do towards me? None of this threatening behavior the Elves via compelled Humans, are doing towards me would be used."
He continued to hear from Walls "Blast you King Sye!"
Ian frowned hearing the wording of the Meritanian confusing him. 
He continued to hear "King Sye, his name is Ian as he dubs himself. He’ll be better off living with other Humans instead of isolated and alone and suffering from various medical ailments while struggling to survive off land." 
Ian mentally spoke in response "I'm not suffering from various medical ailments and I live here to guard the entrance to the Hybrids' underground place. Take back that comment now!"
Ian heard from Kiddy spoke "Fine you asked for it!"
He saw a lightening flash show in front of him followed by fading away. He frowned seeing in place was a male appearing to be an Elf wearing sky blue clothing with short night sky colored hair. He saw the Elf had some cloud colored odd design on his clothing on the upper body making him confused seeing that. Ian felt annoyance take control as he saw the male put on the cloud colored design onto his face. He saw was only covering the nose and mouth along with making his eyes turn a sun color from night sky colored. Ian felt his senses of danger go off will forwards the Source through. It made his sky colored manoid eyes turn all black. He pulled out his sword from scabbard attached to his back. He charged at the elf despite his senses blaring danger and indicated the elf was a hybrid Elf and Human. Ian halted his charge as the male yanked off the mask he assumed it was. He saw the male's eyes change from sun colored to back to night sky colored. He stared at the male who continued to stare at him back. 
The male spoke a word that sounded like "Greetings."
Ian willed his eyes to shift from all night sky to sky colored with them narrowed in a glare aimed at the male. He found his senses stopped blaring warning unexpected. He saw the male frowning as he put the sword away on his back's scabbard hiding there. Ian folded his arms while staring at the male and felt warmth abruptly all around him. He found himself in an all cloud colored room with the male facing him. 
He gave up "Hmph." 
He felt annoyance take hold as the male continued to frown visibly. 
Ian spoke recalling the language the male spoke his greeting comment fully in mind "I'm not happy that the Elves didn’t bother to explain what they were trying to do towards me despite acting threatening. I had to defend myself from their attacks on me."
The male's eyes he saw widen looking shock to him. 
Ian spoke ignoring the shocked response "What name are you called?"
Ian removed his mask he was wearing to cover his head entirely. The mask only showed his eyes and hid his face. Ian frowned seeing the male's facial reaction was shock by the eyes remaining wide. He frowned as the male cocked his head forming a far away expression on his face like recalling something. Ian eyed the male who shook his head and then focused onto him and his face.
Ian spoke "My name is Ian. Walls or Kiddy, the Meritanians explained to me that some Meritanian transported me off some planetary world dubbed Shadan during some battle fight to the world I'm now on. I've been living off land for awhile despite trying to count the suns unnoticed trapped in my status. I came upon a group of Elves identified by Walls when asked what species they were. The Elves acted threatening towards me as in picking a fight with me despite my attempts to be friendly with them. I've been fighting Elves for awhile and didn’t know that they changed their views towards me as in trying to help me and get me to civilization. Walls when asked for help gave me the help to surrender." 
The male he saw didn't comment while hearing an odd sound. He saw the male shifted sideways to look. Ian saw the male was looking at a male Elf wearing similar colored clothing as the male with even longer hair than the Elves he saw from attacking him. 
Ian frowned as he heard from Walls unexpectedly "That's King Sye, a leader of the Elves I've been talking about. The Elves with him are his guards."
He eyed the King warily while seeing him narrows his all night sky colored eyes while staring at him he sensed.
He spoke loudly "I know that Elves are mind walkers from what I've overheard from the Meritanians blaring. I've been living in the cold just to avoid this sickness of plagues going around. It doesn't take effect in the cold anyway."
He saw the male he met on the grassed field disappear in a flash of lightening show to him. Ian frowned as the King gave him a glare sensing anger from him. He stiffened from the anger sensed as he looked at his guards before moving his head chin out aimed at him.
Ian heard from Walls "Don't worry you'll be fine I'll protect you period." 
He frowned at Walls' words to see the guards dart towards him as he dropped the mask. He kept his hands in front of him in a surrender gesture as one of the guards pulled out a knife from hidden scabbard. The knife made him nervous as the guards reached him. He stood as one guard with the knife stood back watching him. He found the other guard went towards him and proceeded to strip him of his clothes like expertly knowing how to do it. Ian stood feeling himself compelled not to resists to the clothes' removal as the guard removed the strap holding his sword weapon off him. He felt regret having the sword off of him as his clothes were dropped onto the floor. Ian frowned as the guard backed off once he was only clad in a loincloth. He eyed the guard with a knife who put away the weapon and went towards him to grab his arm as the other guard did the same. Ian found himself pushed and pulled out of the cloud colored room following the King into a hallway he assumed what it was appearing to be made of stone to him. He felt the guards' hands off of him along with blinking his eyes to find himself contained in a jail cell from the looks of it appearing to be made of stone with stone walls and a wooden door that gave up humming sounds. 
Ian heard from Walls unexpectedly "My King stop being panicky. I transported this Ian to the brig in your palace. I suspect that your people will get nosy enough to manipulate him to speak the reason why he's living in the cold. He already found the cure to the plague which is the cold. It'll give them complete access to his mind unlike I mentally instructing the guard to remove his body wear. I managed to do that helping without saying any words towards him. Ian can really hear me and Kiddy talking no matter where he is. He seems to have some kind of mental ability tuned to the both of us Meritanians talking."
He exhaled a breath hearing Walls' talk as there was the door to the cell was opened followed by three Elf guards entering. Ian stood with his hands up as the guards reached him to grab his arms. He felt annoyance take hold as they pushed him backwards till something like a wall was felt hitting his back halting the pushing. Ian felt something like manacles placed onto his wrists chaining him to the wall. He stiffened from the chaining as the guards darted out of the cell slamming the door with a bang sound. 
Ian heard "The chains you're wearing are only to keep you in the cell and not to restrict your movements while contained out of being underneath a quarantine for testing involving sicknesses You have freedom to move around despite wearing the chains."
He frowned hearing Walls' talk as the Meritanian stopped talking. Ian found the chains on him were attached to a ring of metal attached to the wall that felt cold to the touch. He explored the cell finding nothing to indicate a window for him to see outside. He saw that the cell's door had a window with eater lights glimpsed glimmering. He sniffed his nose and couldn't smell the eater's familiar smell. Ian groaned loudly before going to a bench he saw to sit down leaning against the wall. 
He mentally spoke "This containment is going to take awhile before I'm freed."
He heard from Walls "Don't worry about the containment. I'll keep in contact with the King to make sure you receive the proper nourishment. Just be patient. The containment is going to take awhile before you're freed like you said." 
Ian exhaled a breath and resumed staring at the cell's window despite sleepiness hitting him. He laid his form down on the bench and shut his eyes. 

Nikolas paused from telling the tale to the Recorder, Yana Renova, aka Veronica Thomas, typing it down as if lost in thought before speaking again despite still making a pathetic attempt to sleep. Only woken up by the Recorder's alarm clock blaring loudly again.
Dalton heard blaring loudly "Quit it with that thing and let me sleep!"
Meritanians' snickering like laughter was heard in response till a soft snoring noise was sounded from Dalton's air mattress to notice the male was appearing to look asleep and appeared to be displaying his Lance Richard persona in control while asleep. Nikolas on the Recorder's urging spoke more of Ian's story.

Ian screamed waking himself up from slumber dreaming of female reptilian, creature calling herself a Dragon fully in his mind blowing fire aimed at his eyesight and blaring to him "My name is Arana as I will be dubbed."
He exhaled a breath finding himself still chained as usual while clad in only a loincloth while in the brig of the King's cell. He shook his head and sighed again recalling himself living off land in the cold the Elves called Tundra before his capture. He recalled fully of having himself submitted to a test of having needles injected all over his skin and poking him while chained to a bed making him growl annoyance from the pain. Ian recalled fully that the needles gave him vibrations within his body like his bones were knocking against each other. He found the Elves in response dismissed the dreams of a female creature in his mind he kept on getting each time he fell asleep to whine of this Arana to them, who ignored him speaking it. 
He exhaled a breath to yell mentally after left alone in his familiar jail cell "Walls! Who’s that female creature calling herself Dragon Arana I’ve been dreaming about in my mind anyway?"
He heard from Walls abruptly “That female is an evolved Elf from the plague that shifted the elves into Dragons something the Elves were working on stopping but didn't stop the process of this Dragon Arana from mentally mind linking with you and whoever is Human enough to get it too. Arana is a female Dragon sort of like your female has claimed you as hers so sorry Elves and you can't stop the mental mind link anyway. Don’t worry I’ll talk to the Humans about doing something about you. Having you in the brig, forgotten, and left in a castle attacked by a dragon isn’t good for your health.”
He didn’t respond kept his mind blank sensing Walls wanted him to talk sighed and mentally spoke “What do you mean castle attacked? Where's this King Sye and his army? And what's with mental mind link of this Arana and I together as a pair anyway?"
He heard in response “King Sye is off planet put through a warship, which spies of the King report that some group dubbed High Council have taken him on as one of their servants having him do some leadership work aboard this thing called a space station whatever it is. As for this Arana she's picked you as her rider as a Dragon Rider."
Ian gasped loudly hearing that from Walls who added "Oh well life can be terrible anyway.” 
He mentally spoke “What the Elves plan to do with me mentally linked to an evolved Elf called Arana?"
Ian heard from Walls “Ah I highly doubt that the Elves will kill anyone mentally linked to a Dragon. I don't think it will happen due to that the remaining Elves has ordered the remaining Humans be raised by Elves with emphasis to trash their Human species to them including making sure that the Dragons are underneath Elves control despite only Humans can control them. Also the Elves' current leader the Queen used the remaining Elves' views towards Humans as reason why she didn’t want the Dragons to grow up becoming weapons of war against her species in the remains of what's left of the population among Humans and Elves. Poor Arana it’s going to take her awhile to get used to life after she's born from her egg, and being paired with a Human she considered a brother, despite the mental mind link done.”
Ian frowned hearing that heard Walls become silent mentally spoke “I dreamed that this dragon Arana kept getting into my mind and blowing fire aimed at me each time she said her name and I kept on waking up screaming. What's up with her being scary?"
He frowned as Walls seemed silent before the Meritanian spoke “Well I confess I can detect when females are carrying for the first time and it doesn’t matter what their species. Those Dragons have birth eggs and appearing to be running wild at the moment. Hence Arana linking herself to you out of desperation to live. The Dragons can detected their minds scanned and some of them don’t know about me and Kiddy but from mind scans aren’t keen on us. The Dragons from mind scanned seemed to be accepting us even when we communicate with them.”
Ian exhaled a breath to sit up and mentally yelled in his mind “Walls, get me out of here now!”
He heard from Walls after a lengthy pause as usual “Hey Ana or the Ana as you refer yourself, what are you planning on doing with that Human dubbed Ian contained in a cell that the Elves had put there?”
He frowned as Walls became silent and eyed the cell door eyeing the window to see sliver of light shining through that flickered which he figured was an eater light but his nose didn’t smell eaters to him. 
He heard Walls talk “That Human in question is named Ian came from off planet transported through a gate and was living in the Tundra surviving off land cured of the plague, till the Elves got interested in him made contact. I warn you contact turned out terrible and King Sye realizing he was cured, ordered him captured which Elves had trouble doing it. His capture was due to this Dragon who must not be named successfully linking mind with him and talking him down to surrender which I was able to transport the both of them to the castle where Ian was examined then thrown in a cell contained in the brig where he’s been there since.” 
He heard nothing more from Walls but silence then the Meritanian was heard “Oh I confess that Ian has some kind of mental mind ability that is cued to the Dragons like a Dragon Lord, which means he can always hear the Dragons' mental mind chatter, talking and it doesn’t matter where he is for he’ll always hear them talk period.” 
He sighed and leaned his back against the wall with a frown to hear clanking sounds from faint become louder and louder along with slamming sounds of doors opening which he frowned wondering what was going on till the door to the cell slammed open and he blinked from the glare of a bright light shining onto him. 
He heard from Walls “Yes Ma'am that’s Ian, himself so do something about him. It’s not good for his health to remain where he is anyway.” 
Ian grimaced from the light’s glare as figures came into view with clanking sounds very loudly which he didn’t resists as the chains on his wrists and ankles were yanked off and his arms grabbed and him hauled off the bench towards the light. He shut his eyes from the glare as he felt himself halted and felt a hand feminine touching his cheek and felt some odd sense within him that told him his mind was being scanned which he kept his eyes shut in response. He felt the scanning seemed lengthy along with the sense persisted then the hand removed itself from his cheek with the sense stopped and the light he sensed shined elsewhere. He jerked open his eyes as he was hauled out of the cell through a hallway lighted by glowing lamps that appeared to something else than eaters to him. He frowned recognizing the Queen of the Humans, aka Anna Alina, in front of him with two guards behind her as she led the way out of the brig taking a route through the palace till they reached a door and he was thrust inside seeing it was a bedroom. He stood looking around and heard a throat clearing noise behind him. 
Ian looked to see the Queen his senses blared telling him she was not the original Anna Alina, he met but another version who spoke “You’ll find everything you need in this room. Nourishment will be brought to you at a later time. Don’t think of leaving the room for guards have been ordered to bring you down on sight. Now I suggest you stay in this room for your own good due to that I’m trying to find some purpose for you to do other than the purpose of you tuned to these Dragons on a permanent basis so stay please.” 
He frowned hearing the word please gave a head bob as the Queen left the room with guards shutting the door. He heard a lock click sound sighed and went to the doorknob and found that the door refused to open or budge from its closed status despite his hand’s manipulations. He exhaled a breath to look around the room seeing it was some kind of stone bedroom holding various furniture which he spotted a doorway went to it to see it was a kind of bathroom with a tub and some pipe above his head having a sprout. He sighed and stripped himself of the loincloth and walked passed the sink to spot a figure in it which he stopped and stared seeing a naked from waist up male having the looks of a hybrid Elf Human that moved when he moved. 
He heard from Walls “Ian, that’s called a mirror a reflective glass that shows what you look like.”
He sighed hearing that and again heard from Walls instructing him on the use of the bathroom facilities which he obeyed finding that the Meritanian wasn’t kidding about what he said and even took his first rain water bath what the plant called was a shower for the first time using hot water to toleration levels. He sigh feeling himself better from the shower along with the use of soap to feel himself happy from what Walls called body washing while in the shower. He walked out once done completely washed from the soap and shampoo he used on his body and walked out of shower tub to go to his loincloth which he eyed with disgust within him. He picked up the loincloth with two fingers and carried it arm length in front of him out of the bathroom to a chair which he dumped and took a look around to spot something resembling folded clothing was on the bed which he went to finding a pair of pants and a long sleeve top out of smooth material in night sky colors with a cloud colored stripe on the sides and some completely night sky cloth Walls told him was underwear and a must for people to wear underneath their clothes covering their privates along with socks for feet and something called shoes. He sighed and with careful examination managed with several tries to get the clothes and shoes onto his form making sure it fit him fine along with adjusting to get it comfortable. Ian once done went to the bed and sat on it leaning against the padded headboard eyes on the door to see it open with the lock clicking to see a Human guard come into the room carrying a tray which smells of food assaulted him making his stomach rumble in hunger. He eyed the guard who placed the tray down on the floor and then walked out shutting the door with lock clicking heard again. Ian darted towards the tray to find dishware holding food and drink along with instructed on how to use what Walls called silverware to eat the food without his hands and the use of cloth called a napkin for wiping his mouth once done eating and drinking which he proceeded to do finding himself terribly hungry and once done got up and went back to the bed to sit leaning back on the headboard. Ian felt himself tired shut his eyes only to open them with a start which he looked around in the dim light to spot a figure standing in front of the bathroom doorway which he figured was a ghost from the looks of it. Ian stared at the ghost sensing it staring at him back along with his mind scanned sense hitting him which he frowned from the feeling. He continued to stare at the ghost forming a shape of King Sye, as light became dimmer which he sensed his mind scanned stopped then King Sye shook his head in a First One no gesture then turned around and went through the bathroom doorway disappearing in a flash of light. Ian frowned figuring that the Elves was ghostly traveling through doorways in hidden forms including traveling via places in the castle. 
He heard from Walls abruptly “That Elf was a computer mind from the Luna station programmed in question was checking out some rumor about the Dragons involving you. That rumor was said that Arana met you and got you to accept her mental mind link despite you being a hybrid of Elves and Humans."
Ian hissed a breath hearing that as Walls continued "Hybrids of Humans and Elves are appearing to be the ones who the Dragons have accepted to mentally mind link for riding and doing work. Arana, I was able to transport to another location due to the Elves capturing you. I didn't want Arana to get influence enough to destroy the link with you, Ian like some Elves have been able to do towards newborn Dragons. Destroy the link and hook up with a Human influenced in their beliefs.” 
He mentally spoke “Hmm interesting-“
He was interrupted by Walls speaking “Arana, I’m not kidding on what’s said about you. I transported you elsewhere for Ian to find you and have you become his dragon.”
He heard a pause followed by Walls continuing speaking “Arana, with her link like any Dragon from knowing them was dependant on the Humans to help raise them. It's to give the Dragons a purpose to live while living on Terra due to that they didn’t want to hang around the Elves species. Sorry, Arana, but I’m not kidding about what I said. The Queen currently known as Anna Alina did him a favor getting him alive due to that death doesn’t solve things instead makes things worse."
Ian frowned but figured to himself "I guess living alive is worth it instead of death."
He heard nothing in response from Walls to his thinking sighed and focused onto his mission which was uniting himself with Arana with the help of the Meritanians to help him find her.

Nikolas again got the Recorder's alarm clock blaring again after he appeared to be nodding off during telling the story of Ian. Recorder heard Hey comments from Dalton which she gave him a glare with the Master in control. 
Dalton spoke in response as heard "Just let me sleep and let Nikolas sleep if he wants."
Recorder refused to allow that on the fact that Nikolas will go into a forgetful sleep involving his identity and get caught up with what he dreamed enough to forget himself. Hence the Meritanians blaring in her mind to keep Nikolas awake till they said he could sleep period. Recorder obeyed despite not sure if it's a joke despite the Meritanians heard snickering in her mind via Merra's mental laughter talk sounding. Nikolas wound up speaking more of the story in response.

"In Ireland where Nikita's castle lies ruined is a stone entrance to underground city or cave aka Magician Sye's rooms, formed into an underground city with walkways all around, including entrance to Nikita's castle declared the entrance to the underground city. Stone is where Ian the first fighting against the Elves marked via entrance to underground and acts like guardian of the area to Humans to live there in Europe underneath the Elves' noses. Ian's descendant Ian as named wound up captured while above ground seeking other Human slaves before transported to city Dublin where other Humans' live aka captured by King Sye an elf king that is one of the Elves invaders that take over Earth, to elsewhere in Ireland. King Sye doesn't get it that Ian is the guardian of the cave entrance but figures it out but doesn't do anything about it. Stone is shaped like two rocks together sitting on the ground with entrance via a ladder in and out. King Sye transports hybrids of Elves and Humans to stone entrance and compels them to go inside to live there by themselves instead of transported through volcano to die via fiery death off a plane vehicle via Hawaii island. Invaders from space what's left of the Humans in space bomb the planet with eater weapons and plagues in torpedoes aka other Humans hoping to destroy the Elves. Ian survives the bombing and sicknesses that wipes out the inhabitants mostly Elves on the surface. Underground the hybrids survive but live there not coming out. The lizards a part of the Elves via genetic experiments by the Elves working on the cure by the Human invaders become Dragons to fly around. Planet is still sick with plagues turning lizards into Dragons that breathe fire. Ian one of the last Humans on the planet, gets out of the castle via dragon attacking it and escapes to the forests to find the Hybrids' city. He founds a dragon managed to hatch an egg which he steals and takes with him to Nikita's castle where the Hybrids are living underground city is. Ian's egg hatches to become a dragon that favors him enough to see him as a partner and mental mind talks to him in a female's voice. Dragon is actually a reincarnation of Ian's ancestor deceased long ago twin sister Erin dubbing herself Arana. Ian learns how to ride Arana and fashions a saddle and weapons on it for help controlling the wild dragons breathing fire all over the place not stopped by the surviving Elves. He acts as Dragon Lord of the Dragons as space invaders Humans and the plague via Elves manipulation, become dragons once entering Earth the planetary world. Ian with help of Arana manages to get the Hybrids to come out of underground to help control the dragons with their fiery attitude. Hybrids populate abandoned Humans' city and uses Ian as their leader to lead them with Arana as they learn to capture dragons' eggs and uses them to hatch new dragonets to ride around and help control the wild dragons all over Earth. Earth turns to the medieval ages from the great burning all around including the plague. It turns out the Elves that survive the plague have used themselves with mind walking powers into lizards to become Dragons in response to the plague and using the Dragons' communicating with Humans as Dragon riders once they hatch from eggs and connect mentally with the Human to form a peace agreement in response to the war. Ian is declared Dragon Lord ruler of the Dragons by the Elves and Humans in a peace agreement. He lives in a cave in a mountain in Ireland where Dragons hang around mostly living in Ireland breathing fire kept in line by Ian the Dragon Lord." 

Nikolas paused from telling the story hearing Dalton yawning loudly making him yawn in response. He heard Yana echoed his yawn but got her giving him a glare with the Master in control while pausing from typing. Nikolas sighed and recalled another story via his All Seeing One ability involving the natives of Terra. He spoke the story despite noticing Dalton appearing to conk out asleep him feeling envious to that sleeping status.

ERIN'S STORY
The book was suddenly yanked away. Erin a female of the species called Human looked up. She faced Rick her adoptive brother a member of the species called Elf stood facing her with his all blue colored Humanoid eyes, straight short sun colored hair and pale tan skin. He stood in his brown wrap around boots, silver pants and a silver long sleeved top with a red fur vest over it. Erin stared at him and she pulled out a card with hand signs and lettered alphabet on the card under the hand signs. 
She finger spelled with her right hand “Why are you rude?” 
Rick she saw scratched his pointed ears with his black gloves and exhaled air at the question. Erin was deaf to hearing sounds and had no ability to talk. She frowned with her lips a trait of her species as Rick glared at her. 
He pointed to his lips and spoke showing fanged teeth, a way for her to understand his words reading his lips, “Erin, pay attention to where you are and quit reading that weird book.” 
Erin bent to pick up the book. She recalled was standing leaning against a tree reading when Rick interrupted her yanking the book away. Her shoulder length brown hair fell in her Human blue eyes, on her smooth forehead as she pulled them behind her ear and stood facing Rick. 
He pointed to a building in the distance and mouthed “Inside now.”
Erin sighed and wiped her freckled face. She was wearing black pants and a long sleeve black top with a thick cloth red belt at the waist. She bent to put the small red volume in her brown wrap around boots. She walked towards the building stopping to admire its triangle shape. It was a typical home of the Elves in Europe within a peace agreement with the Human species them taking control as overlords. Their homes were always in a triangle. It was consisted of stone bricks and a metal outlined it. The roof was made out of the Humans' strongest metal. The house was white with a black roof. She walked towards a metal door and slid it open. Rick followed behind her. Inside was a large room with stairs to the second floor. The room had the comforts of home. A kitchen unit in one corner and several large pillows of cream color were scattered around the fireplace in the middle of the room. There was a fire roaring away. The stairs to up to the second floor were in another corner in the square room. Erin sighed and went to the kitchen area to pull some food out of the refrigeration unit. It was a big white box stocked with packaged food. Erin looked at Rick while feeling a vibration of foot stomp. 
She finger spelled “What do you want now?”
He once again pointed to his mouth, while ignoring the question “You’re lucky I stopped you from reading the book. You would have been out past curfew time and thrown in prison.” 
Erin remembered to herself that the Elves led by a Queen had a curfew for all to not be out at dark time. This happened at night time when her guards patrolled the areas of Europe where the Elves lived in, guarding from rebellion of Humans causing sabotage, and terror. Erin shrugged and silently pulled food out of the package. She went to the boxy heating unit and plopped the food in there. It was a package that considered of colorful squares. She saw Rick went to the fireplace and sat down. He sat up and closed his eyes. Erin was used to him doing that. It was she learned was a requirement among the Elves. She went to the window and closed the curtains. Then the heating unit flashed lights signaling the food ready. Erin pulled the food out and went to the table which she stopped to admire the table, which was seemly made out of wooden logs. Erin placed the food down and went to the refrigeration unit to get a cup filled with liquid which she took out. She sat on the log bench and began to munch on her food while drinking from the cup of liquid. The food was consisted of colorful squares that crunched under her teeth. She frowned as she ate. 
She thought about the book "Travels of the Ian." 
The bookseller recommended it. It was seemly written by an Elf calling himself the Ian, was put away in an asylum years before she was born. There was no mention of him living or dying in the asylum. In the book Ian mentioned first contact between the Elves and her species the Humans. The Queen of the Elves, Asia, despite unsure of her name despite knowing there was a continent of that name, had him declared insane and put in an asylum. There were rumors that he escaped, that he died or that he was still in the asylum.
Erin was interested in his book she was told by Rick "The book is very popular among your species the rebelling Humans. We, Elves considered him an embarrassment but among your species he was considered a literacy genius." 
Erin recalled that was speak for Ian being used as a rallying point for Humans to rebel against the civilization attempts by the Elves despite they living off land uncivilized. Erin wound up remembered the day she got the book. She was walking in the walled city. There were Elves everywhere along with civilized Humans, selling all sorts of items at the side of the road to the Queen’s palace. She was just walking up looking at stores when she noticed people staring at her. She looked confused when she felt a tap on her shoulder and turned around. The Queen’s guards stood and behind them the Queen’s caravan, which considered of four white horses pulling the Queen in her carriage. The horses stood with their rounded backs and long faces with four legs. The guard gestured for her to move aside. Erin sighed and walked toward the fruit stand. She remembered it was against the law to block the Queen’s caravan. She wondered what punishment she’ll receive from Rick. She stood watching the Queen’s caravan pass her then she continued her walking looking around. Erin made sure to look behind her several times. One of the Humans gestured to her. He was a brown hair bearded man in chains and dressed in fur rags with chains on his wrists. He stood with two other bearded men gesturing for her to come over to them. She frowned and looked around then walked toward them. A male Elf came walking from behind the men and stood in front of her. 
She pointed to his lips and gestured finger spelling “I’m deaf and I read lips.” 
The Elf mouthed “Dangerous Humans uncivilized. Stay away from them.” 
Erin waved at the chained Humans and walked away despite seeing the Elf managed to get the three of them whipped on the back they acting like civilized beings reacting in pain to her confusion. She wound up looking around as if compelled, then saw a sign for books in one of the stores and went in. The bookseller was an Elf dressed in brown pants, and a multicolored top stood behind a counter reading a book. The sound of the door opened made him look at her. She frowned looking around. The Elf waved his hand and she looked at him. 
He pointed to his lips and spoke “The Queen made a special exemption for you because of your deafness. She says not to do this again and don’t walk in the middle of the road from now on.” 
Erin nodded and wandered around the aisles of the bookstore. There were books mostly about the Elves and literature by the Humans, the Elves considered acceptable for others to read. She frowned looking confused. The Elf behind the counter came with a book. He stamped his foot and she looked at him feeling the vibrations. 
He held up a red colored thick book and spoke “I recommend this book for you to read.” 
She looked at the title, involving a male named Ian, seeing the author was by an Anna Alina, she not sure who that was and nodded. Then she followed him towards the counter. She pulled out a small drawstring bag with coins in it from a hidden pocket in her cloth belt around her waist. 
He spoke “That’ll be five lei”
She pulled out five golden coins and handed it to the bookseller. Then she put the bag back in a hidden pocket in her belt waist on her clothes. She went to sit at a table and opened the book. The door to the bookstore opened with a bang vibration and Rick came in glaring and she saw the bookseller held his hands up. 
Erin lip reads him saying, “I had to give her the book. It was the Queen’s idea.” 
Rick, she saw appeared to not look convinced to the bookseller's words instead gestured for Erin to come and she followed him out of the bookstore to the walls of the city. They walked passing several triangle shaped houses till they reached their destination. She watched a range of emotions pass on Rick's face like he was thinking some thoughts. They walked to the house where Rick left her alone before he interrupted her. Erin sighed and frowned as she opened the book and tried to read as she ate only to get a hand waved in front of the book in her face. She looked up with irritation on her face finding her food gone and Rick holding onto her plate. She glared at him as he yanked her book and got ordered to eat which she obeyed. She kept the glare as Rick stood with arms folded watching her eat her food, she forced to take her time by Rick snatching her plate multiple times each time she ate the food. Erin felt annoyance take hold once she was done eating got handed the book.
She got Rick pointed to his mouth and spoke “It’s time for bed. Go”. 
Without a word, Erin closed the book and put away the empty dish with no food with the empty cup in the sink and walked up the stairs to the second floor. It was consisted of four rooms, two on one side and two on the other side facing each other. Her room was the first one on the right coming up the stairs. She went in her room. It had a square shaped room with a window in a triangle and a bed in a rectangle. There was a bed under the window with a square ancient Human made dresser besides it. An ancient doll lamp of a Human was sitting on the dresser. It was the only possessions she had in her room. Erin learned from Rick that the triangle was a symbol for luck among the Elves. It was according to legend saved the life of a Queen. Erin sat on the bed and remembered Rick telling her the story. 
He said, “It was years ago when you and I were children. The Queen received gifts given to her on her birthday and was given a large triangle pendant made out of the hardest metal we use to build our houses by an unknown Human's design. The story goes is that one day she went outside to enjoy the air walking alone in the gardens unaware that an assassin was in the bushes aiming to kill her. The assassin came covered up in a mourning shroud of death involving cloud colors, with a mask and attacked her with a knife. Every time he struck her chest with the weapon, the pendant was in the way blocking the knife. The Queen managed to scream alerting the guards who witness him plunging the knife which the pendant blocked the blade. The pendant saved her life and the assassin was subdued. He turned out to be a dishonored Elf name Anna Alina, as she was dubbed for trying to cause trouble among the Elves and encouraging Human rebellion. The Queen had her committed to the asylum. Anna Alina was never heard again. Then news spread that the triangle pendant saved her life. It started the fad of triangles being good luck symbols something I truly cherish.” 
Erin shook her head of the memory. Sighing she lay down in the bed and went to sleep. 

Erin awoke in the night sweating and gasping. That nightmare was back. In it she was a child walking in a forest and hearing the sounds of the forest. The wind was blowing and there were birds chirping in the trees. She was walking in the forest as a kid abandoned by her parents, she assumed. Erin came upon a creature that scared her she saw was taller than her with glowing golden eyes, fanged teeth with an extended jaw of having points and a bony clawed hand that waved a finger into her direction. Erin, in the memory fell to the ground with pain in her ears and her eyes in pain. She felt something leaking from her ears including her eyes. Her child like hand reached up and touched the leaking liquid via her ears and then she looked at her hand. It was she later learned to be blood. From that moment on Erin was deaf. She recalled touching her eyes only to find tears of water leaking from them and didn't remember what else happened next. She sensed Rick enter the room, his footsteps bounding on the floor. He lifted her right arm rolling the sleeve and then there was a prick of pain. 
Erin mouthed the word, as always spoken “Why?” 
She felt Rick left the room. Then she felt herself getting sleepier and sleepier. Soon she fell in a dreamless sleep. 

When she woke up the sun was barely above the horizon shining in her room. Stretching she got up and did some limber exercises. Then she walked downstairs to outside to the bathhouse. The bathhouse was square with a triangle roof of black metal. She saw Rick came out of the stone brick bathhouse his blonde hair wet. Erin wandered inside. On her left were three stalls with curtains around each of them for waste involving no flush and just dropping waist into a hole in the ground that stank making her nose wrinkle in disgust. On her right were three sinks and mirrors. In front of her was a hallway leading to the shower stalls and the changing rooms. She walked to the shower stalls. Three walled stalls with curtains stood in a row. Erin groaned. Taking a shower was one thing she hated. It brought the bad memories of the nightmare every time she showered. Rick was strict on her showering. She tried to get away with washing her hair in the sink and bathing herself but Rick seemed to know what she was doing no matter how she tried to hide it, as if he could read her mind's contents and get her back into the bathroom to shower in a stall. Groaning Erin stripped and showered. 

Erin came out of the shower gasping. The memory of her becoming deaf was fresh in her mind. She dried herself with the towels on the walls in front of the shower stalls and put on her clothes. Her book was tucked safely in a boot. She walked out of the bathhouse. Rick was no where to be seen. She pulled out the book. Remembering yesterday she went inside the house and chose a pillow. She sat down and began to read only to feel a tap on her left shoulder. Looking up she stared at Rick with annoyance on her face. Rick somehow would interrupt her when she was seemly focused on the book. She gave Rick a glare of annoyance and resumed reading only to get the book snatched out of her hands. 
“It’s time to eat the first meal.” He said with her lip reading to her disgust, and he refused to give her the book back. 
She got up and went to the refrigeration unit and pulled out some food. It was the same among the Elves which was multicolored blocks which had to be cooked for the flavors. 
She put the food in the oven unit and finger spelled to Rick using her fingers to finger point her signs on her hands “Did you eat?” 
He spoke “I already ate.”
Then he went to the fireplace and sat down putting the book onto the table. She watched him close his eyes as if mediating. The oven light flashed signaling the food was ready. Erin pulled the food out and went to the table also went to fill up a cup of liquid from a bottle in the refrigeration unit. She sat down frowning. Images filled her mind. They were memories of a happier time. She was a child living on a horse farm according to Rick, living with her adoptive Elf parents, his parents. She did not recall having brothers and sisters but just her adoptive parents and Rick. Her parents were of the Elves species as were Rick. Frowning she wondered about her Human parents. It seemed that she was an orphan who grew up among the Elves. For as long as she remembered the nightmare she recalled lying in the forest weeping with blood leaking from her ears ignored by the creature that found her and sensed he was uncaring towards her. 
She lay there and fell asleep after hearing a voice speaking in her mind saying "Nighty night smarty." 
She awoke at nighttime with panic on her face. She couldn’t see anything in the dark and she lay cuddling herself. Then lights appeared followed by figures that shined their lights at her. She stood staring at them not hearing their words. According to Rick, it was the Elves' leadership group, the High Council, via mysterious god way, who found her. A female she assumed came into the light dressed in dark clothing and long blonde hair kneeled and held out her hands. Her ears were pointed and her all blue eyes were intense creeping her out but appeared to be drawing her towards her via compulsion. Erin learned from Rick that the High Council sent her adoptive parents, his parents, to rescue her. She walked into the female’s arms and was carried as she fell asleep put asleep by that familiar voice spoken in her mind. When she awoke she was lying on a bed in a room that was tan all around. She did not hear sounds. Erin felt her ears and there was no blood leaking. She frowned and explored the room. It was square with a bed at one corner in a shape of a triangle. The window was too high for her to look through. She saw a small creature she later learned was a cat in Humans' speak but Furball in Elves' speak playing in the corner of the room. She went over to the cat that was a kitten and picked it up and cuddled it to her chest as the gonoid clung to her clothes with its claws. Erin felt the vibrations of the kitten purring like it was content to be held. Then a door to the room slid opened next to her. A female and a male came in. They were wearing blue pants, long sleeve top and vest capes. She stood staring at them while holding the cat. The female she saw had all intense blue eyes and pointed ears that kneeled and pointed to her lips and mouthed some words. Erin didn’t understand her but some instinct told her that it was a way of communicating, as she felt a tap on her right shoulder. 
She looked at Rick pointed to his lips and spoke “Don’t dwell on the past. What’s done is done. Don’t worry we’ll find your parents.” 
Erin stared in space trying to form a picture of her parents but nothing came to mind. She shook her head as Rick gestured to her to follow him. She put the book in her boot and followed him outside. The Queen’s caravan was there with the guards decked out. Erin looked questionably at Rick as an answer to her question one of the guards opened the door to the carriage and gestured for her to get in. Erin got in and sat staring at the Queen. She sat wearing shiny white pants, a long sleeve top, black wraparound boots and a red cape with fur trim. Her long blonde hair shone and there was a triangle pendant on her chest. 
Erin looked at her eyes and the Queen abruptly turned her head and then she pointed to her lips with her Human like hands and spoke “Erin, protocol requires you to not look at me in the eyes. Did Rick teach you that?” 
Erin nodded and emanated a groan sound in a wailing tone. Those were the only sounds she could make. No matter how hard she tried to talk no sound according to Rick came out of her mouth. The Queen looked at her again cutting off her wailing noises with a glare. 
She spoke “I see your, reading 'Travels of the Ian.' 
It was my idea that you should read it.” 
She arched her head sideways and the carriage started moving forward. Erin displayed panic on her face. She recalled lip reading the Elves in the marketplace that any one invited in the Queen’s carriage was sent to the asylum. 
She finger spelled “I’m being sent to the Asylum am I?”
The Queen waved her hand and pointed to her lips and said “Don’t worry, it’s not that. Continue reading your book. I’ve read it myself. I may not agree with the contents but it’s very well written.” 
Erin sighed as she pulled out her book and started reading.

Erin paused from reading to frown the subject was about fighting involving how to fight in combative art moves. She recalled Rick taught her how to fight hand to hand combat using objects as weapons including a branch from a tree. He also taught her acrobats. 
One time she had a questioning look on her face when she was practicing combat with Rick, as if he knew her thoughts told her “It’s for you to defend self and learn how to get away in any situation.” 
Exhaling air Erin continued reading the book as the carriage abruptly stopped with a jerk. The book came out of Erin's hands falling at the Queen’s feet. The Queen picked up the book and handed it to Erin, she avoiding looking at the Queen's face. 
“Here we are something to show you.” She said as she gestured out of the carriage. 
Erin followed her out. They were on a large stone bridge over a roaring violent river down below. Erin could see a river down below. She looked questionably at the Queen. 
The Queen spoke with Erin lip-reading “This is the area in the book where Ian as he referred himself, was said to have escaped. I admit that the Queen knew about the Humans from legends of our arrival here from planet Aire. The Queen had to let Ian find them and contact them. I think she let him escape but I’m not so sure anymore.” 
Erin stared at the river and she wondered about Ian. She also wondered about her parents. 
As if reading her thoughts the Queen spoke “How you wound up in the forest as a child is still a mystery. I suspect many theories are, your parents abandoned you but I don’t think so. I believe you were taken and left there.” 
She pause letting Erin take shock of the events. Erin frowned at what she just lip-read. She was confused and tried to remember how she got into the forest in the first place but no memory came. The Queen gestured for her to come in the carriage. Erin followed thinking to herself. She was confused about how she wound up there. She thought about the creepy male she met as a child in the forest who made her nervous seeing him who appeared to scare her into deafness. She wondered what he was and if he was one of the uncivilized creatures living in Terra. She looked at the Queen who was staring out the window lost in her thoughts. Erin opened the book and started reading. A hand waved in front of Erin's face followed by a tap on the book she was reading. The carriage had stopped moving. 
Erin looked at the Queen who spoke “Follow me please.” 
Erin put the book in her boot and followed the Queen out of the carriage into a big metal building that seemed sinister and gave her the creeps. 
She noticed the writing on it said “Zesky Asylum.” 
The Queen led her to and elevator with two of her guards. They went up several floors and reached a white hallway. It was white all around. An Elf dressed in guard uniform stood and bowed at the Queen. 
The Queen spoke “She’s only a visitor today to see patient 3A.” 
The Elf turned to the right and the group started walking till they reached a gray metal door marked 3A. A window was next to the door. 
The Queen looked at Erin and spoke pointing to her lips “Go look.”
Erin obeyed and looked via the window to see in a small room in it was an Elf but she figured was actually a hybrid by the ears of a Human and eyes appearing to look Elf like, dressed in white sitting there mediating. The hybrid opened his eyes and stared at the window eerie right at her with his eyes all black looking creeping her out further. 
Erin thought “Ian.” 
Then she looked at the Queen who spoke “It’s Ian aka Anna Alina, as he referred himself among the Humans, but Ian among us. He named himself Anna Alina a human feminine name and used that as some alternative personality involving doing rebellion against me and my people. Hence he locked up in here and kept alive. We, Elves don't kill other Elves regardless of what happened to them even if their sick in the head like he is.” 
Erin watched as Ian got up and walked towards the window and placed his hand moving on it as if he was scanning, despite still displaying the creepy all black eyes. Erin stood staring at him moving his hand. She was enthralled and felt sorry for him to want to free him. Then she felt the Queen pull her away. She shook her head as the Queen led her away from the window. 
She lip read the guard says “Such Language”. 
It confused her that she wondered if it was Ian was yelling in his room from her out of his trap. Erin allowed the Queen to lead her out of the hallway to the elevator via hand onto her arm despite still compelled to free Ian. 
She felt the compulsion gone once in the elevator and looked questioningly with the Queen who only gave her a small smile and said “It’s alright. He’s dangerous.” 
Erin nodded and the Queen led her out to the carriage. Inside she pulled out the book but her mind was filled with strange images of two Humans, a male and a female. The female was carrying her through the forest in a rush. Branches fell in her face. She cried as they scratched her. The woman and man panted. They had looks of worry on their faces. Erin remembered hearing sounds of an alien language sounding nasty in some firm voice tone in a threatening tone manner. Then the woman put her down in a hole and put branches over the hole. She heard they yell something in foreign language sounding of denial as cracking and roaring sounds came. She huddled in the small hole, hiding in fear. Then the branches were pulled up then she was grabbed and flung in the air. She could not see the faces of the creatures but she saw their hands which were clawed. Then another pair of clawed hands caught her and she was flung again. This process repeated and repeated until she was flung off a cliff wall and fell down landing on soft springy moss. Then she remembered walking around in the forest and entered the clearing which started her nightmare of meeting the creepy male, she figured was a male this time but not sure if he was Human. Erin shivered at the memory for it bothered her quite a bit as she noticed the Queen giving her a narrowed eyed look. It made her confused as the Queen got her into the caravan's carriage then found her efforts to read her book halted by the ruler having her hands onto the top of her head. It was like the Queen was mind scanning her she confused to feel nothing to indicate it. Erin found the carriage seemed to go fast in a fast move as the Queen kept up her scans followed by stopping. 
Erin got from the Queen stopping her hands' touch onto her head "Just dismiss what you saw in your mind. It's just a mind trick of Ian's."
She frowned but gave a head bob in agreement but felt not as sure of the Queen's words as she got out of the carriage and found it driven away in a fast speed move. 
Erin went to a tree to lean she spotted the sun was still high in the sky and figured to herself "I have time to read this book."
Erin recalled that fully in mind when she found herself wandering into the forest with panic on her face for she was lost after a lengthy walk and finding herself unable to find the houses in sight. The sun was barely above the horizon. She frowned with worry on her face remembering the Queen’s curfew and having people thrown in the Asylum if they were out at night. Erin went further into the forest walking among tall towering giant trees. She recalled walking through the forest after an argument with Rick which he had stormed into the house. Erin decided to walk into the forests and cool off the hot angry feeling. This resulted of her getting lost which she sighed to herself, for she had forgotten the argument and its reasons with Rick. Groaning she saw part of a rocky hill cliff towering in front of her and walked towards it thinking of what Rick told her about caves for shelter. Erin walked feeling the rocky wall till she felt cloth like material on the wall which looked like the rocky wall. Erin pulled it aside to face a long brown haired Human male wearing fur like clothing with an object in his hands facing her. 
She pulled out her card with signs from the pocket of her waist belt and held up the card with signs on it towards the male and finger spelled “I’m called Erin and I’m deaf for I lip read.” 
She lip read the Human male gesture with his head behind him “It’s alright, just a deaf female servant.” 
Erin stood staring at the male with confusion to the word servant, who gestured with a hand for her to come in. She followed the male further inside the cave where two Human males stood facing her with frowning looks on their faces. The male led towards steps that went down which she walked down following till they reached a door. The Human male knocked on the door and it opened revealing a large cavernous room with other Humans, people gathered around a series of wooden logs some sitting and others standing. The room was lit by glow balls stuck in the rocky walls around the room. Some were sitting at the logs eating from bowls with their hands. The male, Erin followed walked up to another male with long blonde hair, a beard and a mustache who stood with arms folded. 
She lip read the brown haired male speak “This female is deaf.” 
Erin felt a hand on her shoulder and looked to see a female Human with long brown hair that gestured her to follow. Erin obeyed following them towards a log and then she sat down watching them. The Humans, she saw were all dressed in fur like clothing that were put together raggedly. Erin yawned stretching her arms and felt a tap on her shoulder as another female making gestures with her hands pulled her up towards another part of the cave. Erin left herself being pulled towards the cave where there were large numbers blankets and pillows lying there. The female pointed to Erin with a finger and made a gesture. Erin nodded her head and went pick a pillow and a blanket. She laid down falling asleep tiredly and this time didn't dream of anything involving her nightmare but had a pleasant sleep. 

Nikolas sighed from telling the story and kept his eyes shut hearing Dalton's sleep sound of soft snoring with laptop keys clicking again. He felt himself lulled to sleep shut his eyes and dreamed multiple dreams till an alarm clock blared loudly shaking him of his sleeping status. Nikolas jerked open his eyes with a glare finding Yana holding her familiar battery operated alarm clock near his ear she giving him an all black eyed glare making him annoyed to see. 
He glared at Yana who spoke after willing aside the Master "You're sleeping while you were telling the story is considered rude."
He sighed and spoke firmly "Yana-"
He was interrupted "Don't Yana me, Daddy!"
Nikolas groaned softly hearing Yana's voice tone indicated that she preferred another name instead of the name of Yana despite she kept on calling him Daddy. He groaned softly recalling that she preferred the titled name of Veronica Thomas while still taking over Victoria's persona in the writing world while on planet Aire, after she managed with the High Council's help to get out of her Yana Renova's position as Commander of a station dubbed Annoyov Barrack. Nikolas gave up a sound of disgust recalling the help required him to pose as King Winter, causing havoc within the station freezing people all over the place followed by Tom, aka Mindbender, wearing masked clothes covering his form like a karate ninja shattering frozen iced bodies. He kept on sounding the sound of disgust recalling that Edenia and minions got involved in that situation of the High Council's attempts to kick out the aliens out of planet Aire and kicked the High Council group out as a result, despite King Winter managed to scare alien species off the station which lay abandoned now. 
Nikolas sighed and spoke "Just been awhile since I have been able to sleep actually."
He frowned finding Yana, he'll refer her privately to himself but refer her as Veronica to her face, going to the bed and sitting onto it putting the alarm clock aside. He found Dalton asleep on the floor on an air mattress that looked like he was passed out while still displaying his Lance Richard persona. Nikolas felt regret having to give up the Lance Richard persona to Dalton, despite the High Council before they left the planet succeeded in cloning Jinks Montreal's original form, to have a clone become slightly a Human like Drainer, taking in blood, with an ability to take in regular food. He groaned softly and leaned back into the armchair as Yana banged away onto the laptop. Nikolas heard a loud Hmph from Yana making him open his eyes to stare at her with annoyance. 
He formed a glare as she spoke "So Daddy tell me what you were daydreaming hmm?"
Nikolas groaned softly and rubbed his scar on his face as Yana gave her familiar Victoria's glare indicating him to speak, despite still calling him by the titled name of Daddy or Dad to his annoyance. He recalled one dream of a male with an odd name he not sure where it came from. 
Nikolas eyed Dalton and heard from Yana "Ignore Dalton. He told his story involving being in a tube, till the twins, Tank and Merra as they refer themselves, twins, Meritanians, insisted that he be asleep and put him down. He's just getting his rest from being in tube before he goes around as Lance Richard. You seemed exhausted from the Lance Richard persona when you went around as that deity Lord in question."
Nikolas sighed and removed his hand off his scarred cheek he recalling Yana's words as truth he recalling himself as Lance Richard deity lord and tired from it. He recalled that the absences of the High Council required him to take control of planet Aire as Lance Richard, deity lord and planetary ruler, including taking the Jinks Montreal persona as leader of the remaining Humans left planet side. Nikolas sighed recalling that the Highlanders that remained planet bound were rejects by the High Council involving not able to breed acceptable offsprings to pass down their mental abilities. He sighed recalling fully that the remaining Highlanders and the Humans, left behind on planet Aire, instead of traveling off planet via space ships with other species, wound up jointly agreeing that Lance Richard was their planetary ruler and deity Lord, god of them all. Their agreeing required Nikolas to flaunt his leadership as Lance Richard into the faces of the natives of Aire while holding the Jinks Montreal persona. He sighed recalling some of those natives got suspicious to his flaunting, thinking that Lance Richard, according to the Meritanians was fully human and not have some twinning to a Bloody as those humans who sucked blood called themselves, living in planet Aire. He groaned softly as the Meritanians with his help managed to free multiple trapped figures in Shadan's history from the Hall of One Thousand Voices including discovering Dalton, as he called himself triggering lying senses going off and still denying that he was the original Jinks Montreal, despite still triggering another lying sense going off, unaltered Human, twin to Lance Richard's face and looks like a vessel. Hence he giving the title to Dalton, he figured he won't argue on what name to call him, who appeared to be unaltered from the High Council's manipulations enough to restore the deity lord to people's beliefs. Nikolas frowned to shift his Human black eyes towards Yana who gave him a familiar glare. 
He sighed and recalled fully that Barry admitted to him before going down into his sleeping rest at the Zesky Hospital, despite the Builder claiming of talking the High Council out of taking him along "Nikolas, you may have inherited my All Seeing One ability from me. I figured if I'm down and out into some sleeping status or disappeared as the High Council speak for dead, you might be counted as the one who's the All Seeing One in my place. The High Council may have altered Jinks Montreal's clones, body wise, but they didn't alter their minds like yours. Your mind from the Meritanians has admitted to be a bit twinning side to my mind but only involving the All Seeing One abilities."
Nikolas sighed and found a headache hitting him he rubbed a hand over his forehead only to hear from Yana "Don't bother. It's just the All Seeing One abilities getting into you again, like Barry warned me of involving my Father getting them via head pain."
He sighed and found Yana's words were true to find images flashing into his mind when he shut his eyes to focus onto them. He groaned softly focusing onto Victoria as if needing to do it, to find her seated on a large rock, appearing to be a cave, typing onto the laptop wearing an odd uniform and had the Master in control from the looks of it, furiously typing, till the image went away to his disgust. 
He sighed hearing Yana speaking "Daddy?"
Nikolas opened his eyes to focus onto Yana who spoke "What were you dreaming of before you rudely fell asleep in front of me?"
He groaned softly and recalled the dream of a male, Human named Jayden Christiansted, despite unsure of the name and why the male called himself that. He recalled the dream of Jayden and what he was doing on an alien planet, he saw, was Earth altered to be dubbed Terra, at its present day time, healed from the plagues and burning destruction. He wound up speaking the story of a male Human with mental abilities dubbing himself Jayden Christiansted, asleep who wound up waking up with a start from a dream flashing in his mind, the male forgot what it was when he woke up. 

JAYDEN CHRISTIANSTED'S STORY
Jayden Christiansted wound up waking up with a start from a dream flashing in his mind he forgot what it was when he woke up. He grunted an annoyed sound shaking the effects of sleep from his head as if compelled. He, as Jayden Christiansted, fully in mind, saw via the male's eyesight of him, looked around at the college's library room he was in, in a lounge chair appearing to have fallen asleep. Jayden found his book in his hand appeared to be exchanged from one on history to one on a female on the cover. He sighed recalling himself arriving at the college library to sit into a chair after days of running through the forest avoiding his trackers, the Sniffers hunting him. 
Jayden sighed and eyed the book to find a note stuck to it saying "Read me!"
He frowned as he heard a faint "Gotcha!" comment blaring in his mind abruptly.
It suspiciously sounded like one of the Hunters mentally chattering to him. He looked around while glancing at the book, opening it pretending to read. He heard a snickering like laughter of a Sniffer in vicinity to find his backpack slung over the shoulder of a Sniffer standing next to his armchair when he hunted for that thing. Groaning softly he found the Sniffer a fanged tooth humanoid with black eyes and all black hair standing wearing armored clothing that held up a pair of handcuffs in his eyesight while giving him a glare. He ignored the Sniffer to find cops appearing to be Human/Elves hybrids entering the room and made a beeline towards him to his disgust. 
Jayden waited as the cops reached him one speaking softly "Come with us now."
He obeyed to get up finding one cop took the lead while the others surrounded him in a circle to his annoyance. He felt annoyed as the Sniffer took up the rear still holding onto his backpack. He ignored the Sniffer heard chuckling sounding behind him as they went to the entrance of Long River Place College where there were alarms devices to prevent students from walking out carrying a book unchecked. He mentally concentrated onto the alarms to go off finding them doing it as he found his arms grabbed from the sides and a stick of a needle's dart injected into his neck after his black hood was removed. Jayden used his telekinetic powers to remove the needle from his neck along with mentally giving orders to burst the hearts of the cops and the Sniffer's mind. He found the Sniffer hitting the floor unconscious as he picked up his backpack and casually walked out ignoring the cops lying on the floor unconscious ignored by students entering the library, who walked over them. Some he noticed stepped onto them crunching bones. Jayden ignored that and placed his hood back over his head of his zippered sweatshirt he stole from a student's room in the dormitories when trying to find clothes to wear and exchange from his prison garb. Jayden walked out of the library going down the ramp to reach the end and kept on walking further on the path he noticed lights of a cop in one direction made a walk in another direction while holding onto his backpack and book in hand. He found another cop's vehicle parked in the parking lot looking like a heavy armored van including another hybrid of an Elf and Human standing in front of it that eerie stared at him while giving him an unblinking glare. Jayden walked on the path ignoring the cop staring at him only to find a Sniffer walking in his direction that blocked his way with his body and forced him to turn around. He found the Sniffer with hands onto his sweatshirt's shoulders pushed him to the van finding the cop in front managed to get the door open giving him a smirk while hearing the familiar gotcha comment in his mind. Jayden glared in annoyance as the Sniffer got him inside the van and locked into a metallic seat with the cop putting a needle into his neck and found himself drugged out unconscious.

Jayden woke up as if drawn and compelled to find himself naked of clothes while still in his seat this time facing a row of nine red hooded figures seated in stone seats. He sensed the figures were fake and that the real group was above him hiding out of sight. He gave a glare in response as he found a male with looks of a Human in a large size with a muscular form, making him envy and wearing only pants with feet bare walked into his sight with arms folded. He exhaled a breath finding the male had Human black eyes and with long black hair that was a bit on the curly side as the male continued to glare at him. Jayden felt his mind scanned from the senses blaring abruptly to eye the male warily. He found the male in response formed a creepy look making him nervous. He found the male's creepy look was all golden colored eyes with an extended jaw showing fanged teeth and points jutting from the chin including a bony like hand appearing to be clawed flexed into his direction while having eyes narrowed. Jayden gulped seeing the male's creepy look as he felt his mind continued to be scanned to his disgust. He kept on glaring at the male with the creepy look who quit it to his relief and found the Human folded his arms showing muscles he was envy with despite his own body was thin and scrawny. Jayden found sleepiness hitting him shut his eyes and found the male in his mind walking in a hallway while displaying his creepy look. He found the male was ignoring doors in his mind some open some closed till he reached the end of the hallway to find a plant sitting in front of another closed door. Jayden frowned as the male disappeared from his mind and the plant appearing to look black and with large plant fronds proceeded to open the door behind it. He found an energy ball of light came out of the door followed by streaking down the hallway making closed doors open to his shock. Jayden jerked open his eyes as images spilled into his mind him screaming loudly from them he recognized them as memories fully in his mind. He kept on screaming and screaming as the memories ran through his mind taking control of him till they stopped. He found himself no longer in his chained chair but in a cave room smelling of ocean water from the stink including wearing chains while sagging in the room. Jayden gasped for air breathing deeply as he recalled the group of red hooded figures were the mysterious High Council he shocked he knew who they were. Jayden groaned softly and didn't comment a response to his thinking to hear a door slamming open by a bang sound he grimaced from the noises. He found a light's glare shining onto him as he shook his head from the blaring light. 
Jayden grunted as he found a hand shaking his shoulder in an insisting move along with hearing "Wake up!" 
He grunted finding himself back in the college's library room by his familiar clothes on his form including a hand still shaking his shoulder. 
He jerked open his eyes to find a Sniffer in front of him that gave him a glare and got from the male using some electronic device to speak for him "Get up! The Library is closing in five minutes! Go check out your book and get out of here now! It's no place for you to sleep!"
Jayden frowned but found himself still holding onto a book with his familiar note attached as he found students gathered around the checkout desk holding books in hand. He sighed and got up slinging over his backpack finding the Sniffer wearing a security guard's uniform ignoring him to go to another armchair where there was a student a male appearing to be asleep and did the same hand shaking method onto him. Jayden frowned finding the time was nine o'clock in the evening, he recalling that he would have to sleep underneath the college's library's ramp while out in the weather elements. He found his book was in his hand appearing to look like it was something else other than a library book to him with the same read me note attached. Jayden frowned and picked up his backpack and proceeded to walk out of the library finding the alarms going off to his disgust. 
He found the Sniffer running up to him to run passed him yelling "Come back here you!"
Jayden found a student passed him carrying a book that ran off out of the library chased by the Sniffer. He frowned but kept on walking out of the library while carrying his book and went down the ramp to go around the building and went to his familiar spot underneath there to lean against the wall feeling the night air was chilly. Jayden found the book remained in his hand to his confusion despite tempted to throw it into the trash can nearby. He frowned to peer at the book's cover finding it only had the name of Anna Alina on the cover with the title scrawled out in black ink he unable to read. Jayden felt a compulsion to read the book found the light not good. He got up and went to a bench illuminated by a spotlight on the lawn and sat reading the book. 

Jayden once done reading set the book aside onto the bench he discovered was a book on student manners in the college and treating other students nicely to his disgust. He set aside the book onto the bench then peered at the back finding an address scrawled in ink on it he saw was some place further into the city of New Jasonville. 
He sighed finding the stuck on note included words saying "Bring this book to this address."
Jayden frowned to recall the address was nearby walking distance out of the college campus to a building in the busily metropolis city. He got up and carried the book forcing himself to casually walk to the address that seemed to take a forest path with other buildings pass a graveyard he hearing snickering like laughter in drunken tones from there. Jayden ignored the laughter noise to keep on walking till he went further into the city finding buildings looming in sight including traffic getting heavier with horns honking. He found cabs driving in the city with other vehicles as he kept on walking while carrying the book in his hand and his backpack slung over his shoulder. Jayden kept on walking ignoring people walking by him in a fast pace as the cold air was felt within him. He sighed while walking to reach the address that led to a building towering overhead and appeared to look old to him. He frowned as he went up the ramp and entered the building to find a lobby holding various people appearing to be standing in a line. 
He paused from walking to find the people were appearing to be in line for something he found one yelling at him "Get in line for the food and shelter you idiotic line cutter!"
Jayden obeyed to get into line behind a female pulling a grocery cart holding bags in it while wrinkling his nose of the stench of unwashed smells from her. He ignored the smells and found himself not the only one in line as the line went further into the building to reach a cafeteria room holding various manoids of Humans and hybrid Human Elves in the room seated at tables eating from trays holding food. He frowned further as he remained in line and got himself a tray full of dishware copying the others. Jayden held onto his book onto the tray and waited for his turn for the food. He didn't have long to wait as the cook a familiar Human male with a tall height and muscular arms with Human black eyes and a scar mark on his face indicating a cut gave him food via putting soup into his dishware including scooping up other foods. 
Jayden frowned as the male spoke sounding oddly accented "Don't worry everything will work out."
He saw the male appeared to gesture to his book sitting on the tray in sight by an eye gesture. He sighed and gave a head bob not trusting himself to speak and got the rest of his food hearing the male repeat his words to others in line behind him. He ignored the chattering sounding in the cafeteria room and went to a corner in the room with trash cans and sat down back to the wall eating his food. Jayden found himself terribly hungry gobbled up the food with gusto till nothing was left. He sighed once he was done eating to place the tray down onto the floor next to him and left the book there. He picked up his backpack and placed it down onto his lap and adjusted his hood shutting his eyes while leaning back against the wall. Jayden heard the chatter within the room lulling him to sleep till he came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder. He grunted the effects of sleep from within him to find the cafeteria room was empty and the male with the scar on the face was shaking his shoulder while leaning over him. Jayden grunted and shook the effects of sleep from his eyes while giving the male a glare.
"Come on while I show you where you can attend to yourself and get a bed." He got told by the male.
Jayden frowned but didn't comment a response got up ignoring his book to pick up his backpack. 
He found the male picked up the book and thrust it to him while speaking "Don't forget your book, sir."
Jayden spoke firmly "Don't need it. The book is what got me here with the address on it."
He clamped his mouth shut to find the male eyeing the book with a through scrutiny followed by the Human speaking "Alright. I figured that some student at the local college must have taken pity onto you hanging around and dumped this thing onto you with the address to get you into shelter and food. It's cold out there."
He shrugged in response and didn't comment a word as the male added "Come along now."
Jayden obeyed finding the male tossing aside the book onto a table and ignoring it while leading the way out of the cafeteria room to a gym room where he found various figures sleeping in cots inside. 
He frowned as the male halted his leading to speak "Locker room for the showers and waste uses is in that direction for males." He saw the male jab a finger in a direction he spotted a door having a sign for males on it.
Jayden frowned as the male added "This gym room is reserved for males to sleep in via cots. Anywhere else you're wasting your luck."
Jayden gave a head bob in response as the male leaned over and sniffed his shoulder to his disgust making him give off a loud Hmph sound. 
He found the male speaking "Laundry facilities for your clothes are in the locker room. Just don't take too long getting your clothes washed and dried. See you around."
He frowned as the male without a word took leave of the room walking out which he eyed the locker room's door and with a sigh went inside hearing sounds of showering and laundry machines in use including other facilities in use. He sighed and explored the locker room finding the shower facilities included lockers with keys for wearing on the wrists as a bracelet. Jayden put away his stuff into a locker including his clothes and got into the shower facilities that was open with six shower heads inside three occupied by males looking scrawny as he was. He ignored the males as he found himself ignored to get underneath a shower spray to let the hot water spill over him including washing him. He sighed once he was done with the washing to get out of the shower room to find nothing indicate of towels for drying. With a groan he went to his locker to pull out his clothes putting them on along with his backpack and with his mental power of telekinetic shut the locker and put the key back. He clad in his clothes left the locker room and went to an empty cot in the corner of the room to lie on shutting his eyes only to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder in an insisting move. Jayden grunted waking up while shaking sleep from his eyes to find the familiar male was back as he heard groaning sounds along with noises of waking up within the room. 
He gave the male a glare who spoke "Up and awake! Time for you guys to start your day! And get out of here!" 
Jayden obeyed getting up to clutch his backpack as the male went around the room shaking others on their shoulders and giving off his familiar comment. He grunted as he went to the cafeteria room to find another line for food this time he was only given a cup of something stinky brown via foam cup and ordered to drink by the cook. Jayden felt disgusted sipped the drink finding it was scaling hot to his tongue and bitter taste. He felt his disgust take hold carried the drink out of the building and went walking into the city. He figured to himself that he would go to back to the college's library room and sit around reading books. Jayden felt himself further disgusted with the drink threw it with his telekinesis into the trash can making sure to not spill a drop as his senses blared warning abruptly. He stiffened to look around as if drawn with eyes searching to find nothing amiss but his senses kept on blaring. Jayden walked further into the city finding his feet taking him to the docks where there were few people around. He kept on finding his feet taking him to a warehouse's alleyway where there weren't people around but sensed they were hiding via the garbage. Jayden kept on walking till there was a loud roar sounding off his left till a pile of garbage exploded showing a Sniffer wearing armored clothes and brandishing a knife came out throwing the weapon aimed at him. He used telekinesis to get the knife away from him and urged it towards the Sniffer finding it hit the male in the forehead. He found the Sniffer jerked as if dead followed by collapsing onto the garbage bags and remained still with the knife peeking out of his forehead. Jayden kept walking as if drawn he figured someone was manipulating him to take the alleyway route. He kept on finding himself attacked by numerous Sniffers wearing various armored clothes and twin knives in hand bursting out of garbage piles to attack him he forced to use his telekinesis powers to avoid them hurting him. Jayden felt annoyance take hold as he went through the alleyway gauntlet he called it till he reached the end finding it was a dead end with a door open off his left and the familiar male from the shelter standing there with arms folded. 
Jayden gave the male a glare who he noticed was dressed in black armored clothes with hair pulled back who spoke "Get inside now."
He heard the firmness of the male's voice turned around intending to walk back through the alleyway only to find a piece of metallic gate slammed down blocking his way and gave up a squealing sound of electricity. He found his efforts to levitate the overhead metallic gate blocked by the thing kept giving off further squealing sounds as he found the male managed to tap him on the shoulder. He gave the male a glare who jabbed a finger towards the doorway while again repeating his words. Jayden didn't say a word in response instead went inside the warehouse finding the male was following too closely to his taste. He ignored the male finding himself led further into the warehouse finding a spotlight in the middle of the room which the Human halted his walk by hand onto his shoulder forcing him to stop underneath the spotlight. Jayden found the male roughhouse yanked his hood off his head baring his long dirty blonde hair and his face having Human blue eyes. He glared at the male with annoyance running through him who stood aside in the spotlight ignoring him glaring. 
Jayden heard blaring via his ears abruptly "State your name now!" 
He found the male appeared to ignore the words instead was glaring at him while jabbing a finger in a direction and got from the Human "They asked you for your name."
Jayden spoke "It's no one."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line recalling his comment was twin to his familiar comment towards anyone who asked him for his name. 
Jayden frowned as he heard a throat clearing noise from the male who leaned forwards towards him speaking "Just say what name you prefer to be called other than that comment of no one."
He again repeated his comment "It's no one."
Jayden found the male giving off a sound of disgust loudly before looking away into a direction appearing to be seeing what was within the darkness. He ignored the male to look around as if drawn only to hear a sound of gun cocking noises making him stiffen further. 
He stiffened as the male ignored the noises gave him a glare and got from the Human "Your name is Jayden Christiansted as you call yourself."
Jayden stiffened further hearing that from the male in a statement and not a questioning tone. 
He eyed the male with a glare who added "You came from a facility in Atlanta, the United States of America's capital as in born and raised into it with your powers you dub telekinesis."
Jayden sensed the male's words were true as if he was aware of his mind's contents as he kept on glaring as the male added "You're in New Jasonville the city's name in the state of Vargas as the state is called by those vampires dubbing it who you call Sniffers. You're hiding from the medical technicians from the facility in Atlanta, in the state of Georgette that borders two states to get to Vargas State. You traveled to Vargas due to that you heard from eavesdropping onto the technicians that Vargas State was where people running from the law in Georgette could hide even hide in New Jasonville out of safety and sanctuary from the law as the state of Vargas said via their government."
Jayden kept on glaring with annoyance running through him as the male paused which he with a jerk of a head made the male's form thrown backwards into the darkness while hearing a faint grunt of pain sounding loudly. He ignored the grunt to look up towards the light and with a jerk of a finger gesture made the bulb shatter plunging night vision of the color yellow blaring into his eyesight. He found a gangplank over head holding nine figures of robed hoods as he looked around with night vision. Jayden found the male had managed to land onto his feet after being thrown backwards was crouched onto the ground with a hand into the dirt and giving him a sneering glare as if seeing him fully in the dark. Jayden waved a hand towards the male in his gesture of sleep only to find the male in response getting up displaying a creepy look of fanged teeth and two bone points jutting from his jaw on the sides including waving a clawed bony hand towards him. Jayden mentally jerked his head finding his efforts to make the male's form tossed backwards blocked as if the male had a shield blocking him. He looked at the gangplank overhead and with a finger gesture made the bridge break away from the wall sliding towards the ground dumping its contents. Jayden found satisfaction hitting him as the hooded figures appeared to be panicky grabbing the railings while sliding down the bridged gangplank towards the wall. He found himself flung into the air to land into a grip of a clawed hand around his neck he saw belonged to the male displaying his creepy fanged look. Jayden found his senses blaring warning abruptly as he found his efforts to free himself from the male's hand using physical combative art moves blocked as if they were anticipated. He grunted as he found his efforts to use telekinesis to free himself take hold finding himself able to push the male off of him. Jayden found his efforts to make the male thrown backwards blocked as if the male had a shield who resumed gagging him after tossing him back towards him. 
He found his telekinesis refused to work this time as he found sleepiness hitting him along with hearing in his mind "Nighty night smarty."
Jayden mentally yelled "No!" as he passed out unconscious.

Jayden came to smelling something underneath his nose jerking him from sleepiness despite his efforts to remain asleep. He found himself clad in his familiar clothes involving the Atlanta facility while chained to a wall as he felt the familiar smell of salt underneath his nose. He jerked open his eyes to glare with accusation within him finding himself back in the facility with the familiar male with the scar on his face in sight standing nearby giving him a glare. He ignored the glare to gulp while eyeing the familiar male of a bald Human with no hair and all blue eyes on the face, he recognized as Tutor Travis the headmaster of the facility standing nearby holding a clipboard with beeping sounds heard from it. 
Jayden gulped as Tutor Travis gave him a smirk as he heard "Gotcha!" spoken in his mind from the male's familiar mental voice blaring into him.
He glared with annoyance running through him as Tutor Travis held up his hand and spoke loudly "Sir tell your people thanks for catching this delinquent. The money will be wired ASAP."
Jayden heard the edge in Tutor Travis's voice along with the familiar calculating look in the male's eyes to yell loudly "He's double crossing you!"
Jayden found his mouth covered by a technician wearing gloves and familiar covered up gear. He frowned to eye the male finding him giving him a glare and went to shake hands with Tutor Travis.
Jayden heard Tutor Travis' familiar "Gotcha!" comment blaring in his mind.
He stiffened as Tutor Travis's hand onto the male remained ironclad followed by the human jerking as if shocked revealing his creepy side and then hit the white padded floor unconscious while still having a hand held by Tutor Travis. Jayden stiffened as Tutor Travis removed his hand and jerked his head towards the male who remained unconscious displaying his creepy side with eyes shut. He gulped as various technicians arrived from within the walls of the room thrusting aside curtains to go to the male laying on the floor lifting him up and with grunts heard carried him out of the room through a curtained doorway. Jayden felt regret take hold hitting him as he gave Tutor Travis a glare of accusation within him. He kept the glare in response as Tutor Travis held up his hand showing a familiar shock device on his palm he flicked aside into his sleeve and went to up to him. 
Jayden kept on glaring as Tutor Travis was heard broadcasting within his mind "So you hid in Vargas state in New Jasonville?"
He ignored Tutor Travis's blaring voice as he found the male using telepathy to mind scan his mind's contents he kept the glare while eyeing Tutor Travis. Jayden kept the glare seemingly lengthy till Tutor Travis gave up a sound of disgust and walked away going into a curtain doorway leaving him alone with a technician. He kept on glaring as the technician injected a drug into his neck he finding himself passing out unconscious.

Jayden woke up hearing screaming noises sounding of terror in a male's voice tone making him annoyed to hear. He grunted when he found a hand clamped over his mouth cutting off the noises he realized was him screaming. Jayden found himself back into his familiar restraint trap of wheelchair with needles attached to wires injected into his form all over the place and he was bare of clothes. He found his eyes and mouth remained ignored as he found himself back underneath a familiar spotlight with Tutor Travis seated next to him holding familiar objects as his nose smelled food. 
He grunted an annoyed sound as Tutor Travis spoke broadcasting within his mind as usual "So feed yourself now." 
Jayden found his efforts to use his hands to feed himself the food, soup from a bowl blocked by the needles felt giving off pain jolts from his jerking around. 
He grunted as Tutor Travis waved a gloved finger into his face and got from the male "Just use your telekinesis."
Jayden felt himself terribly hungry obeyed to feed himself the soup via telekinetically using the spoon to scoop up food and brought it into his mouth. He found himself terribly hungry ate up all of the soup till there was nothing left as Tutor Travis place a cup down onto the desk. 
Jayden groaned softly as Tutor Travis kept his hand onto the cup and broadcasted within his mind "So talk on what you did wrong."
He groaned softly hearing the familiar words from Tutor Travis including the familiar torture test of receiving a sip of liquid for each confession by the male doing it to him instead of his telekinesis powers. 

Jayden felt his thirstiness still hitting him once Tutor Travis as if knowing what was in his mind got him to admit every thing he was thinking including what confession of warning the male of Tutor Travis's trapped. 
He felt annoyance take hold as Tutor Travis put down the cup and ordered "So take a drink of it now." after his forced confession talk.
Jayden obeyed to use telekinesis to drink from the cup fully its entire drink of water taking his time and forcing himself to be slow. He found the thirstiness gone from him placed the cup down onto the desk and didn't comment a word towards Tutor Travis.
Tutor Travis spoke "Will aside the light above off now."
He obeyed using telekinesis to uncork the bulb turning off the light as he found another spotlight turn on shining onto something making him grimace. Jayden saw was a spotlight shining onto another desk with a wheelchair containing the male who fell for Tutor Travis's hand trap. He gulped as Tutor Travis ignored him as he found the chair adjusted to face the male's direction keeping him hidden underneath the darkness. He eyed Tutor Travis who went to sit down in a twin chair and patted the male on the cheek who was still displaying his creepy look. He kept on watching as if drawn as the male woke up willing aside his creepy look and gave Tutor Travis a glare with his Human black eyes. Jayden frowned as Tutor Travis spoke while picking up a bowl holding soup and a spoon and began trying to feed the male the contents who kept mouth shut into a thin line and refused to open his mouth.
Jayden kept on watching as Tutor Travis spoke loudly "You must be hungry. So eat the food I'm giving you."
He found the male refused to obey by jerking his head away with a look of disgust seen on his face. 
He heard from Tutor Travis "So starve if you want."
Jayden eyed the male who spoke "Your food doesn't smell good-"
He found Tutor Travis managed to interrupt the male by jabbing the contents of the bowl into the male's open mouth who was forced to swallow the contents by the throat gulping movements. 
He kept on watching as the male gave up a sound of disgust once Tutor Travis lifted up the cup and spoke "So tell me what I want to know. Such as this odd side of yours you displayed?"
Jayden opened his mouth to yell only to feel a piece of tape clamped over it he finding a technician in sight putting tape over the area and putting a finger to his lips. 
He glared in response at the male who spoke loudly "What odd side are you talking about? I have no odd side."
Jayden frowned hearing that from the male as Tutor Travis spoke while holding up the cup of water "I suggests you cooperate in this or you'll find your throat burning enough to demand a drink of water for it. The food is cooked to make your throat burn for water. So answer my questions now."
Jayden kept on watching as the male flared his creepy side followed by the restraints on his form breaking off and Tutor Travis getting up in a fast move while still holding onto the cup of water.
He heard from Tutor Travis "Cooperate or you won't get out of here."
Jayden eyed the male who leaned forwards towards Tutor Travis while remained seated and saw Tutor Travis's face form a range of emotions as if he was hearing something he wasn't hearing. Jayden kept on watching as Tutor Travis sat down and handed the male the cup who willed aside his creepy look and sipped the drink taking his time. He frowned as Tutor Travis without a word of permission reached out a hand bare of gloves and placed it onto the male's face right on the scar. He gulped as the male displayed golden Human eyes but didn't remove Tutor Travis's hand instead remained seated glaring at Tutor Travis while sipping the cup. He kept on watching as needing to do it as Tutor Travis shut his eyes and appeared to be mind scanning the male's mind via hand touching the Human's cheek. He found the male ignored the hand and kept on sipping the cup seemingly lengthy till Tutor Travis removed his hand while giving off a loud gasp of shock. He frowned as Tutor Travis got up in a fast speed move and disappeared into a light show he hearing a cry of terror sounding loudly. Jayden kept on watching as if drawn as the male crumbled the cup into pieces and with a smirk on his face showed his creepy look followed by the light bulb above going out plunging night vision into his eyesight. He found the male without a word getting up from the chair keeping his creepy look as the Human went to him. He found the male in response yanking him out of the chair in a fast speed move while holding up a hand as he grunted from pain of the needles yanked off his form. He found himself freed of the needles as he was forced from the chair and flew into the male's bony hand. Jayden gulped while eyeing the male in the eyes whose eyes appeared to glow in the darkness but remained a dull color. He gulped as the male without a word set him down onto the floor onto his feet and willed aside his creepy look. Jayden frowned while eyeing the male who without a word felt him all over and appeared to be yanking out needles that were stuck to his form that some got ripped off their wires. Jayden sighed and didn't comment a word as the male rubbed a hand onto the top of his head in an affection move. He grunted an annoyed sound as the male without a word took his arm pulling him away from the chair he forcing himself to look around. He found himself in a warehouse from the looks of it holding various off spotlights above and gangplanks empty of people but had recorder domes in view. Jayden didn't comment a word as the male led him to a door he recognized as the one led to outside the warehouse and frowned when they halted in front of it.
"So open the door since you did that before." He got ordered by the male.
Jayden obeyed using his telekinesis to open the door despite whining squealing noises heard from it he ignored. He found the male got him and himself outside into a familiar roadway where a vehicle a van was seated in the empty dead end street. He found a male Elf clad in a uniform of black pants with a black top and a grey stripe on it with mask covering the face open the door gesturing the both of them inside. Jayden sighed as the male let go of his arm and gently pushed him to the van which they both got inside to sit onto seats. He found another Elf in the driver's seat appearing to look like a hybrid of Elves and Humans by the face and Human like ears starting up the vehicle via voice commands. 
He heard from the male as he and the Human sat in seats "Buckle up. Safety first."
Jayden obeyed as the vehicle drove down the dead end street he sighing thinking to himself "I'm safe from harm."
Jayden sensed his senses blaring when he thought his comment but figured it involved something else than mind scanning as he peered out the window. He kept on peering out the window as the vehicle drove out of the alleyway into the city of Atlanta and appeared to be taking a lengthy drive out of the state of Georgette. 
Jayden spoke once they were on the road out of Georgette "Name's Jayden Christiansted."
He found the male in response didn't comment a word instead heard a faint Gotcha comment sounding of Tutor Travis's comment in his mind to his confusion. Jayden found himself smelling salts underneath his nose as he found himself back into his familiar chair trap while again in Tutor Travis's presence. Jayden found Tutor Travis had a hand onto his forehead he realized with a start the male used a trick to make him think he was freed from Tutor Travis to only to speak his name out loud.
He gave Tutor Travis a glare who spoke "Jayden Christiansted, interesting name. What's the name of him?"
Jayden glared in response as Tutor Travis removed his hand to resume gloving it and jabbed a finger in a direction to a spotlight he saw the familiar male was in a chair chained and appearing to look unconscious in a Human like form instead of displaying his creepy form. He kept his mouth shut into a thin line and refused to talk as Tutor Travis removed his glove again showing a bony hand twin to the male's creepy hand making his senses blaring warning abruptly. Jayden found himself back into his mind recalling the events of the previous day before his capture fully in his mind. He found himself recalling the name of Mindbender to his confusion to feel Tutor Travis's hand still touching his forehead. 
"Mindbender." He heard from Tutor Travis's voice sounding excited to him and made him annoyed."
Jayden glared at Tutor Travis as he found himself within control of his body. He kept the glare as Tutor Travis removed his hand that was Human fleshed and thick of fatness from his forehead forming a look on his face. He saw the look was excitement to his annoyance. Jayden kept the glare as Tutor Travis got up and went to the male, he figured was named Mindbender and placed a hand onto Mindbender's forehead appearing to be mind scanning him. Jayden kept on watching as if drawn to find Tutor Travis forming ranges of happiness on his face like he was enjoying what he was seeing in Mindbender's mind. 
Jayden formed a thin line with his mouth as Tutor Travis spoke loudly "Send for the Baron now!"
He gulped recognizing the Baron was speaking for mind wiping memory machine to his annoyance. He kept on gulping as Tutor Travis instead of mind wiping him via the Baron a triangle machine onto the back of his head did the procedure onto Mindbender. Jayden kept on watching as Tutor Travis once done with the procedure waved smelling salts underneath the nose of Mindbender who woke up screaming of terror along with jerking his head in a no gesture back and forth while keeping on screaming and screaming. He found Tutor Travis put a hand onto Mindbender's mouth who cut the screaming followed by Mindbender giving the male a glare of accusation. 
Jayden kept on watching as if drawn hearing Tutor Travis speaking "Your name what is it?"
He found the tape remained over his mouth as he glared Tutor Travis to hear from Mindbender speaking "Quit the jokes done onto me and get the point of this capture and skip using that memory erasing machine while your at it."
Jayden exhaled a breath through his nose hearing Mindbender's words finding Tutor Travis bending down towards the male and speaking "You meant the Sages restored your memory once we wiped it clean? Don't deny it since you woke up screaming of terror a reaction different from patients receiving the Baron."
He frowned inwardly to hear from Mindbender in response "So? Get to the point of this jokey status now! I'm busy here with a job involving-"
Jayden heard Tutor Travis interrupt "With the High Council? Doing assassination work for that bunch of Elves or Highlanders as they call themselves? Hence their interests into Jayden Christiansted as he calls himself. Those Elves are hoping to use him as an assassin doing their dirty work of killing Humans via his own telekinesis's powers like destroying a body part?"
Jayden stiffened hearing Tutor Travis's words making him shocked to hear as he eyed Mindbender who formed a golden Human eyed look while hearing the Headmaster add "Interesting look your displaying. But I know your not a Builder as they call themselves despite displaying that eyed look. So talk more on your mission or I'll get it out of your mind Mindbender or Tom as you call yourself."
Jayden stiffened further hearing Tutor Travis's words to find Mindbender aka Tom he figured he'll call him snarling in an angry voice tone "What's the point of capturing me? I gave you that delinquent Jayden Christiansted as he calls himself. I'm just a cook at the homeless shelter in New Jasonville, Virginia as we Humans call that state instead of that ridiculous name of Vargas. Some nickname for a female body part according to those damned vampires."
Jayden exhaled another breath via his nose and forced himself to breathe deeply as Tutor Travis removed his hand from his glove showing it was between fat and bony and appeared to be clawed that grabbed Tom's chin in a hold. 
He gulped as Tutor Travis forced Tom's head up to face the spotlight while snarling "Don't bother to hide that fact that you work for the High Council, Tom. Ancient Ones from planet Aire left very clear detailed records of the High Council and their treasured servant Mindbender, you Tom, including a very clear description of you which you match that description to a T as the Humans say. So talk on the High Council doing on planet Terra now or else!"
He stiffened from Tutor Travis's snarling voice tone heard the edge in the male's voice tone to frown as Tom spoke "I would rather take the else than tell you anything."
Jayden gulped hearing Tom's voice sounded of firm and found Tutor Travis looking away and appeared to be making eye widening and narrowing gestures via his eyes in a direction. Jayden figured he was mentally telepathically broadcasting orders. He didn't have long to wait as a technician arrived into view carrying a device he grimaced seeing. He recognized the device as the mouth injector to put a device into a manoid's stomach to make them suffer painful muscle spasms enough to lie down onto the floor. Jayden gulped watching as the technician put the device into Tom's mouth who gave up resistance to that and found Tutor Travis managed to get his mouth open to admit the tubal device. He groaned softly watching as Tutor Travis managed to succeed despite hearing a choking noise from Tom loudly. He kept on watching as if compelled as Tutor Travis injected the familiar device into Tom's stomach followed by yanking out the tube device. Jayden groaned again as he found Tom appeared to be breathing hard gasping for air. He watched as Tutor Travis was handed a familiar device he recognized would start the implanted device in the stomach to give off waves to make the muscles react in pain.
He kept on watching as Tutor Travis folded his arms and leaned towards Tom while again snarling "So talk more on what the High Council is up to now, Tom." 
"I don't know, ah!" He got from Tom who added "The High Council ah, don't give servants explanations to what their up to ah!"
He groaned again watching as Tom appeared to be reacting to the device while grimacing and baring his teeth with eyes glaring at Tutor Travis. Jayden frowned as Tutor Travis looked in his direction and made a come gesture. He felt the chair he was in thrust forwards into the spotlight shining overhead followed by eyeing Tom who did a double take look seeing him in view. Jayden gulped seeing Tom's eyes turn from Human black to golden Human colored despite the male doing switchovers repeatedly along with noticing a glare onto the male's face. 
He gulped further but heard Tutor Travis speaking "So talk to me on why I shouldn't give this pipsqueak excuse of a Human the pain device your implanted with hmm?"
Jayden felt annoyance take hold at the insulting words Tutor Travis used onto him. He found Tom looking away and forming a thin line with his mouth and refusing to talk. Jayden found the familiar technician in sight holding the pain device injector in hand. 
"Alright!" he heard from Tutor Travis who added "Inject Jayden with the pain device now."
He gulped and found the tape off his mouth followed by another technician holding up his head along with his mouth open by hands onto the teeth areas. Jayden gave up groaning sounds loudly as the technician carrying the injector device came into view.
He heard loudly "Alright I'll talk! Just spare that kid of that device now!"
Jayden groaned softly as he found his mouth freed to find tape resume covering it to eye Tom with a narrowed eyed glare of annoyance running through him. He kept the glare as Tutor Travis fired off rapid fired questions aimed onto Tom subject the High Council and heard various answers that appeared to not really answer the question by the male. 
Jayden frowned hearing Tom's answer of the question "What's the High Council up to?"
Tom heard speaking "I told you! They used to tell servants explanations of what they were up to! They stopped that habit because of too many people sabotaging their works! So they don't tell servants what their up to! They expect perfect loyalty and understanding to their orders without questioning them!"
Jayden exhaled a breath only to gulp finding the tape removed along with the injector device coming into sight. 
He gulped further as Tom was heard once the device came into his eyesight "I'm telling the truth! You said it yourself! I'm their perfect servant! I don't question their orders or ask questions to what they want! I just do their orders without questioning it!"
Jayden found the injector device going into his mouth he gagged from it entering his throat along with gagging further while feeling a heavy feeling in his stomach. He gagged as the device was removed followed by Tutor Travis grabbing his chin and forcing his head up towards the spotlight. 
Jayden gasped for air feeling Tutor Travis's hand onto his chin was gloved as the male snarled "Watch what you say among the public or you'll find yourself screaming on the floor in pain!"
He gasped hearing Tutor Travis's words to find a technician injecting a familiar drug into his neck followed by sleepiness hitting him as he heard "Nighty night smarty." sounding in his mind to his confusion.

Jayden came to with a start feeling rain water spilling onto his face along with the same onto his body he finding it was raining heavily where he was lying on muddy ground. He grunted and found himself naked lying on the ground of a forest park he spotted New Jasonville's buildings peeking out of the trees as thunder and lightening boomed overhead. He groaned eyeing himself and found nothing to indicate clothes or anything for him to get for coverage. Jayden recalled the shelter forced himself to walk further out of the bushes onto the forest path that was muddy with his bare feet. He grunted when he heard a faint dog barking sounding loudly. Jayden frowned as the bushes off his left rumbled showing a dog appearing to look like a Shepherd as it was called with an older male wearing a hat and trench coat coming into view. 
He groaned as the male gave up a sound of disapproval despite the stormy noises and heard "Damn college students playing drunken games onto each other for joining a fraternity. I had that joke done onto me once. But no one stopped to help me get out of that jokey situation I was in."
Jayden frowned but didn't comment a response as the male undid his trench coat and gave it to him for coverage. He found the male was clad in a suit with a tie that was getting plastered by the rain as the male ordered him to follow. Jayden obeyed following the male and dog sticking by the male's side despite leashed in a loose leashed way. He found the male led the way into the city appearing to be going to the familiar shelter he recognized the building looming in sight and didn't comment a response as the male got him inside despite seeing a line for people waiting for food. He ignored the line following the male with the dog leading the way further into the building to find them going to an elevator which the Human took it to the third floor. Jayden followed without a word as the dog was sensed spraying water all over the place with its fur shaking. He ignored the dog's spraying as the male did the same and led the way to an office door rapping a fist onto it in an insisting banging move. Jayden frowned as there was a faint come in heard followed by the male opening the door and admitting all three of them.
"Guess what Shaw found in the park!" He heard from the male indicating his dog named Shaw as he found an office with a female hybrid of an elf and Human seated at the desk doing a double take look eyeing him.
Jayden kept his mouth shut as the hybrid gave up a sound of disgust in Human terms followed by speaking "Where did you come from?"
He sighed finding she was looking directly at him with her Human green eyes which he spoke recalling the male's words when he found him naked "Just a drinking game for joining a fraternity."
Jayden clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and got from the male speaking "Actually used as a test subject for medical advances is more like it from the looks of his scars on his form indicated needles to me. Shaw gave off a familiar noise indicated he found another dumped test subject."
Jayden exhaled a breath and didn't comment a response as the hybrid female spoke "Remove your coat now. I need to measure you for your size for clothes."
He obeyed to find the male putting the coat onto a chair and stood naked as the female held up a device in her hand appearing to be a cell phone camera and made a turn around gesture with a finger. He obeyed while hearing clicking noises from the cell phone camera and light shows as he turned around in a circle multiple times over and over as ordered by the female. 
Jayden felt annoyance take hold once the female added "Nikolai, just get him to the locker room for him to shower and have him stay there while I get the proper clothes for him. Makes sure he still wears your coat."
Jayden exhaled a breath as he eyed the male he figured was named Nikolai who yanked off his coat off the chair and thrust it at him. He put it on and belt it around the waist as Nikolai without a word left the room gesturing him to follow. Jayden obeyed finding the male using the stairwell route to the familiar gym room where there were males lying on cots in the room some appeared to be snoring loudly. 
Jayden frowned as Nikolai jabbed a finger at the locker room's door and got told "Just go into the locker room and wash yourself. I'll come in once Anita sent someone to give clothes. Females aren't allowed into this room period."
He sighed and obeyed going into the locker room to go to a locker to put away Nikolai's coat and put on the key onto his wrist. He went into the shower facility room finding no one inside to shower in the warm water steaming up the room. He sighed feeling himself warmed up to hear a dog barking loudly. Jayden left the shower room to find Nikolai in the changing part of the locker room as guided by his dog Shaw barking loudly. 
He found Nikolai had a bag next to him appearing to be a backpack and got ordered "put on the clothes now."
Jayden spoke the locker and the number including handing Nikolai the key while speaking "That's where I put your trench coat sir."
He got ordered by Nikolai to put on the clothes finding the male taking the key but refused to budge from watching him yanking out clothes from the backpack. He found jeans and a hooded sweatshirt including slip on shoes dubbed crocs for his feet. Jayden put on the clothes ignoring that he was wet from the shower and found nothing to indicate of underwear in the backpack. 
He sighed and once done dressed found Nikolai holding up a syringe and speaking "Excuse me I have to inject you with this. Sorry for the sting."
Jayden groaned but didn't comment a response as Nikolai injected the syringe into his neck and removing it to stand staring at him lengthy. 
He wound up to feeling a throwing up feeling in his throat and got told "Facilities for that is in that direction. You'll find yourself urged to use them immediately."
Jayden didn't protest darted into an expeller's stall and found himself throwing up the pain injection device from his stomach while finding Nikolai peering over his shoulder snarling "Son of a bitch!"
He exhaled a breath finding himself not done with the expelling to find Nikolai refused to leave him alone as he proceeded to use the facilities for both his mouth and his seat ends. 
Despite Nikolai kept on snarling his "Son of a bitch!" comment over and over.
Jayden once done sat on the floor groaning while leaning against the toilet's seat. He sighed to feel Shaw's tongue licking his face as he found his chin grabbed by Nikolai's gloved hand that felt Human to the touch. 
He frowned while eyeing Nikolai back who held up two fingers and spoke "Make your hand twin to mine."
Jayden obeyed to sigh seeing Nikolai's expression was a firm glare as he got ordered "Get up! You need nourishment from that sickness you had!"
He obeyed to find Nikolai with Shaw leading the way out of the locker room to the first of the line of people waiting who didn't protest to that. He found people making gestures of a fist over their hearts seeing Nikolai including males yanking off their hats and straightening up their slouchy forms. Jayden frowned as Nikolai got him first of the line and got him to get a tray of food he found Tom was the cook appearing to look relieved to see him by the looks of his Human black eyes forming that expression. Jayden frowned as Nikolai got him with a tray into the cafeteria onto a benched table nearest to the door and got ordered to eat. He found himself terribly hungry gobbled up the food with a fast motion. 
Jayden made a motion to gulp the drink only to find Nikolai grabbing the cup with a hand and speaking "Sip it, no gulping. You'll make yourself further sicker if you do that."
He obeyed to sip the drink finding Nikolai kept a hand onto his cup while he was holding it and forced him to sip it entirely. Jayden found others ignoring Nikolai and Shaw seated at the table some heard giving off chants of Ay Kabaiya comments before eating their food while seated nearby them. He frowned while eyeing Nikolai warily to find the male removed his hand off the cup followed by he allowed to gulp the remainder of the drink.
He sighed once he was done to make a rude noise to speak "Excuse me."
Jayden frowned as Nikolai handed him a card having an address on it and a name of Anna Alina Publishing on it in a town called God's Arm with the state name of Virginia used. 
He frowned holding the card as Nikolai spoke "Just go to that address. Its where people needing something to get back onto their feet to go to in the state of Virginia. You'll find every thing in order for you. I sent word out so let me take you to the vehicle to where it's taking you."
Jayden frowned but didn't comment a response as Nikolai led the way out of the building ignoring people doing salutes with Shaw still at his side sticking like glue. He found a taxi cab with an Elf driver standing outside with arms folded waiting. Jayden frowned as Nikolai led the way to the cab driver and appeared to be whispering to the driver followed by ordered inside it. Jayden obeyed to get inside the vehicle followed by finding the driver getting inside and driving it further into the city. Jayden peered out the window and at the address on the card to recognize it was out of the city on the other side of the state near the ocean water and was shaped like an arm from the air. He sighed leaning back as the driver drove the vehicle to the boundary of the city to appear to reach the highway only to hear a crunch sound along with a thud from behind. Jayden grunted to peer to find part of the trunk was open along with a car behind appearing to look smashed. He found the driver without a word getting out of the vehicle going to the other vehicle and appeared to be busy talking to the vehicle's driver. Jayden looked around to notice the cab was seated next to a construction sight to see a truck backing up that appeared to be backing into the cab from the looks of it. He found his telekinesis powers refused to work preventing the truck from ramming the cab from its side forcing him to get out of the thing in a fast move. He found the truck in a fast move driving over the cab despite hearing "hey!" comments from the cab driver. 
Jayden stood in the street as the truck driver ignored the cab driver's waving down attempts and kept on backing into the traffic right onto cars as drivers got out of their vehicles in fast moves before they crunched flat. He glared with annoyance running through him as the vehicle kept on backing and backing till it reached the edge of the ramp and made a movement of going over it. Jayden gasped seeing the driver was inside the truck appearing to be slumped over. He waved a finger making a finger tapping method telekinetically onto the driver who woke up with a start and got out of the vehicle in time as the truck fell off the ramp and crashed down below. Jayden frowned as there was a cop coming into view that went to the truck driver to scan him with a wand device. He found the cop arresting the driver via handcuffs onto the male who appeared to walk drunkenly in a weave waving line as the cop hauled him away into another vehicle putting him inside. 
Jayden found the cab driver off his side speaking "Come with me to another street while I call for a cab to get you to your destination."
He obeyed to follow the cab driver off the ramp finding various drivers doing the same including cars backing up from the smashed ones. 
Jayden found the cab driver led the way to the train station and handed him some money while speaking "Good luck." before walking away into a bar from the looks of it.
He groaned softly and took the money to buy a ticket to God's Arm in Virginia hearing nothing from the ticket master on it. Jayden went to sit down and found he had time to sit down and wait for the train to pull into the station. He sat and waited till he felt two male figures sitting next to him too close to his taste making him want to get up. He made a movement to get up only to feel a poke of a gun weapon onto his side along with a familiar drug injected into his neck putting him unconscious.

Jayden came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder while feeling himself still wearing his clothes while on the train from the feel. He grunted to feel a familiar soreness feeling in his throat that indicated he was force fed the familiar pain device as he felt heaviness in his stomach. 
Groaning softly he jerked open his eyes to glare at the hand's owner a male wearing a suit and a hat on head that spoke "Ticket sir."
Jayden found his ticket crusted into his left hand held it up to get a sound of disgust from the ticket checker who scanned it and thrust it back to him onto his front in a ball to his disgust. Jayden groaned softly and pocketed the ticket into a pocket of his jeans. He felt an indentation of an object in another pocket via the back onto his seat. Jayden yanked out the object he saw wasn't Nikolai's card instead was a card with a familiar address to Atlanta on it he recognized as the medical facility's address. Groaning softly he peered out the window finding it was sunset by the looks of the sun going down in a fast move. 
Groaning again he forced himself to remain seated in the train till the announcer announced "Now reaching Jacksonville, Flora!"
Jayden groaned softly hearing snickering sounding in the train as he found Sniffers in the train with him but found only three of them. He eyed out the train's window as the train reached Flora he figured was Sniffer speak for Florida the Human's state in the United States of America. Groaning softly he found himself forced off the train by the three Sniffers walking by him grabbing his arms and pulling him off despite he giving resistance to it. He found the Sniffers appeared to anticipate his moves of karate combative art by appearing to be mind scanning him and blocking his attempts to use telekinesis like any other Sniffer appeared to have onto him. Jayden felt annoyance take hold once the Sniffers got him off the train followed by getting him into a lock holds as one Sniffer bared retractable fanged teeth and proceeded to bite his neck he groaned feeling the vampire sucking his blood. He kept on groaning as the Sniffers aka vampires each had a turn sucking his blood followed by dumping him onto the train tracks as in throwing him onto there. He felt himself too dizzy to stand up forced himself to use telekinetic abilities to get onto the train depot station's landing area and collapsed onto the ground with eyes shut feeling himself passing out unconscious.

Jayden came to hearing a dog barking noise sounding loudly along with hearing "Sit!"
He shook sleep from his eyes to find the dog's owner was belonging to a security guard giving him a big glare of accusation with his eyes turning golden colored. He gulped and felt for the Sniffers' bites onto his neck to feel his neck stinging of pain from his hand's touch. 
He groaned softly and spoke finding his words slurred "I was sucked by Sniffers and tossed away like garbage. Excuse me while I sleep."
Jayden made a motion to lie down onto to find the security guard snarling "Sergeant bite!"
He grunted as he felt the dog's mouth onto his pant leg appearing to make a half hearted attempt to tear his pants shaking him awake. 
He woke up with a start while giving the security guard a glare who snarled "Just explain why you're sleeping here like a bum when you should be home elsewhere!"
Jayden groaned and recalled his card in his pocket to yank out a piece of woman's thong underwear in his pocket instead only to get the security guy giving off a sound of disgust.
He heard "Drunkard! You're an idiot!"
Jayden didn't comment a response as the security guy got him to stand up followed by ordered off the train's landing into the parking lot and kicked out despite he turning around speaking "I need help with something-"
He was always interrupted with the familiar comment "Damn drunkard always drunk!"
Jayden found himself out of the train yard to stand in the street as he heard a horn honking to find a cab stopping near him followed by the driver yelling "Drunkard get inside now! It's not safe while those Sniffers are out feeding onto victims!"
He went to the cab only to find the vehicle driving off in a fast move before he could get a hand onto the handle. Jayden proceeded to use telekinesis to make the cab stop finding the driver was grinding the pedal making its wheels turn. 
He went to the cab and got inside and restarted the cab for the driver finding him driving away a few steps followed by yelling at him "Get out or I'll call the cops!"
Jayden gave up a sound of disgust recalled the driver's stimulator mentally used his telekinesis to make the driver's heart stop. He found the driver slumping over as he got out of the vehicle despite senses blaring warning abruptly making him look around with his eyes. Jayden proceeded to grab the driver out of the vehicle tossing him onto the street and got inside shutting off the signal sign for vacancy and forced himself to use both telekinesis and his own driving skills to drive the cab further into the city. He found he managed to drive the cab to the city's limits followed by stopped by a police car getting behind and firing a taser gun making the vehicle stop dead. Jayden found his efforts to make the vehicle move blocked by the taser gun still running charges through the cab to make it still as the cop got out of his car. He again thumped a fist onto the steering wheel and didn't comment a word as the cop reached him to pull a dart gun onto his neck he grimacing from seeing a Sniffer instead of a Human who gave him a tooth baring grin. Jayden found himself passing out unconscious in response to the dart gun going into his neck. 

Jayden came to hearing throat clearing noises sounding multiple times loudly as he found himself lying on a bench along with a hand tapping his foot he feeling his neck whining of pain. He grunted to feel the sunlight blaring into his eyes as he again heard the throat clearing noises sounded again. Jayden jerked open his eyes to find he was at a bus stop in a city he not sure where it was as he found three people appearing to look older folk standing nearby giving him glares while clearing their throats. He sighed and forced himself to get up despite dizzy and found himself pushed aside as the people sat down in his place in a fast move. Jayden groaned and forced himself to sit down onto the sidewalk in front of the people while eyeing the road he noticing was a dirt road with a jungle and that the people were wearing summer wear clothes. He felt the heat hitting him to sigh and remained seated as the bus a van lumbered with Christiansted blared on its front he figured he was in an island a part of Florida state. 
Groaning softly he got onto the bus only to find the driver speaking "Your hand print sir!"
Jayden obeyed to find the driver putting his hand onto a device and it giving off a beep noise followed by ordered to go sit down. He obeyed to find an empty seat to peer out the window at the jungle as he found a figure sitting next to him giving off a faint snickering sound sounding of a Sniffer to him. Jayden took a look off his side finding he was seated next to a Sniffer who ignored him staring and appeared to be listening to the music rattling through the bus. 
Groaning Jayden mentally spoke to himself "When will I get out of this situation of hell I'm in?"
He felt his senses blaring warning when he thought the comment as he forced himself to peer out the window ignoring the Sniffer seated next to him. He found the bus arrived to the island's capital city of Christiansted despite it a part of Florida in an area dubbed Caribbean. He found the Sniffer in response to his efforts to get passed him punched him into the private part along with elbowing him to remain seated. Jayden groaned softly finding the Sniffer kept him onto the bus and refused to let him pass him to get off. He found the bus was making a big tour circle around the island's city followed by the familiar bus stop arriving in view to sit there waiting and not moving. Jayden frowned as the Sniffer next to him grabbed his arm despite he giving resistance and got forced off the bus and thrown into the jungle. 
Jayden got up with a glare aimed at the bus finding the Sniffer yelling at him "Next time pay or else!"
He felt rage hitting him mentally using telekinesis to make the tires of the bus go flat finding his order obeyed by the bus's tires flattening themselves along with the vehicle sinking down in a fast speed move. Jayden stood with arms folded a glare on his face while waiting for the bus driver and Sniffer guard to get out which he found them both doing it along with people giving glares at the bus driver. He found the bus driver was blamed for the tires flattening themselves by people yelling at him in one of Florida's languages of gibberish he not sure what they were saying. Instead he found the Sniffer getting off the bus and heading towards him in a fast speed blurring move followed by feeling his neck bit and sucked making him pass out unconscious.

Jayden came to feeling himself bare of clothes while lying into something rocking back and forth like a boat. He grunted an annoyed sound finding himself lying in a boat appearing to be made out of wood and naked of clothes and items to his disgust. Jayden felt disgust take hold as he peered around him looking around the horizon finding the boat was caught onto a current and refusing his efforts of telekinesis to budge from it. He felt annoyance take hold figuring out that he couldn't manipulate water as the boat made a fast speed movement going into the ocean as the sun went through positions on the horizon. Jayden felt annoyance take hold when his stomach grumbled of hunger. He eyed over the boat to find schools of fish swimming nearby taking the same route and found his efforts to will a fish out of the water blocked. Groaning he forced himself to put a finger into the water moving it like a worm and waited for a bite. He grunted as he felt a painful feeling onto his finger and yanked it out finding that he got an eel instead of a fish who kept on trying to swallow his finger. Jayden proceeded to fight with the electric eel giving off zapping charges of pain onto him as it attempted to keep on swallowing his pinky finger. He found the eel refused to stop biting him and was giving him further pains as he proceeded to use telekinesis to will the eel away from him. Jayden found further pains hitting his hand as the eel went flying into the water. He groaned finding his finger appeared to be nearly bitten off and was leaking blood from the looks of it. Groaning he forced his hand to hold his finger to his hand and held it up letting the blood drip down onto the boat. Jayden found the sun gone from the horizon followed by feeling the blood quitting its leaking to his relief. He sighed and laid down in the boat till thumping vibrations was felt onto the area from below. He frowned to peer with night vision off the sides finding nothing to indicate the vibrations till a hand clawed punched its way through the bottom of the boat. He grunted as the hand removed itself followed by water spilling into the boat despite his attempts to keep it out telekinetically. Jayden felt annoyance take hold as the clawed hand managed to get the bottom of the boat's opening further open followed by dumped into the water. He went to the surface to gasp for air only to feel a hand clamped over his throat pulling him further into the water before he could take a breath. He felt himself choking as he peered at the hand's owner finding it belonged to a manoid with fins on the feet and fish like face with fins flapping including hands clawed that proceeded to punch him in the front multiple times. Jayden felt himself urged to breathe found himself taking in water after each punch till he found himself passing out unconscious.

Jayden came to hearing a voice yelling "Wake up your stinking Earthari!"
He grunted feeling the fist connecting with his front along with hand slapping his face as he felt himself chained into a sagging position while smelling ocean water in his nostril. Jayden grunted from the blows as he felt the hand was webby and clawed to the feel. He grunted an annoyed sound and jerked open his eyes feeling his pained hand stopped paining him. Jayden glared at the fishman with a Human body and a face of a fish with fins flapping in a fast speed move standing nearby him that was the voice's owner. 
He kept the glare as the fishman spoke "Now that your up and awake. I have questions I want answers to now."
Jayden found his telekinesis ability blocked and not able to use it as the fishman spoke "Earthari, now explain what were you doing in a boat in the middle of the ocean in our territory now!"
Jayden spoke firmly while giving the fishman a glare "I woke up in that boat after knocked unconscious by a Sniffer using me as food while on an island."
He glared at the fishman as he felt pains hitting him from his muscles whining in pain to his shock. 
He grunted as the fishman again punched him into the stomach while snarling "Liar! Your telling a tall tale! Tell the truth now!"
Jayden spoke firmly "It's the truth-"
He was interrupted by the fishman whacking his face with a webby hand and still giving off his familiar words. Jayden felt annoyance take hold refrained from speaking instead clamped his mouth into a thin line and refused to speak further despite the fishman insisting on him speaking. He shook his head in a no gesture despite feeling the familiar pains of muscles whining in pain making him grit his teeth further enough to grind them. 
Jayden kept his mouth shut as the fishman halted the whacking and spoke "Since your not going to talk, I have ways for you to speak."
He ignored the fishman's words to find the chains moving him till he was dangling his feet over a pool of water holding multiple fins inside it he recognized as sharks swimming in a circle. Jayden again spoke his story in a fast move finding the fishman refused to believe him instead freed him from the chains and dropped him into the pool among the sharks. He grunted recalling his combative art training proceeded to use them onto the sharks when they went near him with mouths open. He kept it up till the sharks went down further into the tank he spotted something black looking and got the sharks biting it. He frowned as the thing looked like blood to him followed by feeling hands of a manoid grabbing his arms he found belonged to a figure wearing an oxygen mask and a swimsuit covering the body entirely. Jayden frowned not resisting as the figure got him away from the sharks and down the bottom out of a cave entrance and into the ocean which he was gestured to go up towards the surface by the male making hand gestures. Jayden frowned finding the male resumed swimming back into the cave leaving him in the ocean. He felt urged to breathe went to the surface only to feel stone onto his feet along with breaking the ocean water in a fast move to gasp for air. He heard gun cocking noises sounding loudly to stand up with hands up while finding himself in a water fountain. Jayden turned around finding himself facing elves wearing armor with taser guns indicating him to get out of the fountain. He obeyed to find the Elves in response tasering him all over the place making his muscles whine in pain as he found himself falling unconscious.

Jayden came to feeling himself sick in his stomach while lying onto dirt ground naked. He groaned softly and threw up the familiar device onto the ground to see a hand Human looking pick it up. He traced the hand as it raised itself to find the hand's owner belonged to Tom clad in a familiar wetsuit with hair pulled back and eyes glowing golden color. Jayden gulped but didn't comment a response as Tom crunched the device with a hand and gave him a golden eyed glare of accusation. He gulped seeing Tom's glare finding the male was flaring his familiar creepy look making him gulp further. Jayden looked up as if drawn to find the gangplank was still on its side with part of the wall indicating a hole as if figures were smashed through. He frowned eyeing the hole as if drawn to find nothing to indicate its contents to him. 
Jayden spoke firmly "Where did the High Council go?"
He eyed Tom who willed aside his creepy look to his relief followed by snarling "Just get yourself up onto there with that ability of yours and see for yourself."
Jayden saw Tom jab a finger aimed at him while again giving him a familiar glare of accusation. He groaned and with telekinesis forced himself to fly up to the gangplank ignored by Tom watching him. He forced himself to fly to the hole to peer through with night vision finding a pool of water inside that appeared to look like it was bubbling and giving off a stinky heat smell. 
Groaning softly he recognized the pool as a heat source via a lava flow and heard from Tom "Find your answer hmm?" 
Jayden spoke from peering at Tom below "Just a bubbling pool of water from a lava flow underneath it. Its harmless from the looks of it."
He heard a roar from Tom to feel himself urged to get off the hole's edges and off the gangplank to find himself going straight to Tom's clawed hand displaying his creepy side. He gulped as Tom grabbed him by the neck and appeared to choke him despite his efforts to free himself. 
Jayden heard blared in his mind "You little idiot! That pool of water is no harmless spring but an oil burner! It burns oil including incinerating anything that touches it! You killed the High Council you little fool!"
Jayden gasped hearing that from the voice blaring in his mind that sounded creepy and alien as he proceeded to use telekinesis to free himself. He found Tom attacking him with his creepy look swatting his clawed hands aimed at him despite his telekinesis powers used onto the male. Jayden found Tom refused to back down from the attack instead kept on trying to swat his face as he used telekinesis to keep the male away from him. He felt a compulsion to remain still shocking him as Tom succeeded in scratching his face with a clawed hand making deep groves of three lines onto one cheek. 
Jayden found himself urged to sleep b the familiar voice blaring in his mind "Nighty night smarty."
He passed out unconscious to come to hearing in his mind "Gotcha!"
Jayden groaned softly hearing Tutor Travis's familiar comment in his mind to feel himself lying in a bed while feeling a hand shaking him awake. He grunted and rolled over feeling his arms tied together by a strait jacket to his confusion as the hand kept on shaking his shoulder. Jayden jerked open his eyes with annoyance running through him while clad in a strait jacket and pants too short for his legs. He glared at the hand's owner he found was a twin to Tutor Travis by the bald head having no hair and no eyebrows and all blue eyes. He glared with annoyance running through him while glaring at the male he recognized as Tutor Travis who straightened up his form. Jayden resumed lying down shutting his eyes only to feel Tutor Travis's hand shaking him awake. 
He jerked open his eyes and snarled "Just let me sleep. I'm tired of all this hell I'm suffering."
He resumed shutting his eyes only to feel Tutor Travis's hand on top of his forehead as if feeling the area along with mind scanned he felt his sense going off. Jayden kept his eyes shut in response and resumed a sleeping status as he felt Tutor Travis's hand remained lengthy onto his forehead as he found nothing coming to his mind but faint gotcha comments blaring. 
Jayden ignored the comments till Tutor Travis again shook his shoulder and broadcast "Get up now!"
He ignored Tutor Travis to feel the male force him to stand up while whacking a hand onto his cheek forcing him to open his eyes with a glare in them. 
Jayden glared with annoyance running through him as Tutor Travis spoke "I didn't say for you to sleep now. So get up! It's time for your schooling!"
He gave up a spit sound in response to Tutor Travis's familiar words as the technicians arrived into the room and grabbed his strait jacket by ropes attached and forced him out of the room. Jayden kept the glare of annoyance as he found Tutor Travis no in sight as the technicians kept on hauling him through the medical facility he looking around recognizing various areas where he grew up raised by Tutor Travis in sight. Jayden glared in response as Tutor Travis got him into the familiar warehouse room he spotted a spotlight shining over a figure he gulped recognizing as Tom wearing armor clothes standing with arms folded who gave him a golden eyed glare. Jayden gulped as he was brought to Tom and forced to kneel in front of the male onto the stone ground. Jayden kept his mouth into a thin line and glared at Tom with annoyance running through him as the male displayed his creepy look followed by his familiar sense involving mind scanned going off. He ignored that mind scanning sense to keep on glaring at Tom while making his thoughts blank in response. Jayden kept on glaring while hearing snickering like laughter sounding of Tutor Travis he noticing the male had mirth on his face with teeth bared. 
Jayden spoke loudly and firm "I'm not finding this funny, Tutor Travis."
He found Tom looking at Tutor Travis in a fast speed move only to find his mind scanning sense quit once the male looked away. He found Tutor Travis quit the laughing mirth look and formed a glare while eyeing Tom back whose golden eyes remained narrowed glaring back at the male. He kept the glare as Tutor Travis jabbed fingers aimed at Tom appearing to doing a mental chat and appearing to make a finger gesture of lecturing the male. He glared at Tutor Travis whose finger jabbing remained lengthy followed by finding his familiar mind scanned sense going off as he found Tom had resumed looking at him. 
Jayden mentally spoke "So you can mind scan with that creepy look of yours in control." 
He felt pressure of a wall hitting his head groaned from sleepiness hitting him shook it off with his telekinesis powers including willing aside a stick like feeling trying to hit him.
Jayden found Tutor Travis giving off a loud Hmph sound and speaking "I'll quit doing that if I were you, Mindbender."
He found the stick pressure stop followed by Tom looking at Tutor Travis who formed a fear look followed by kneeling and speaking "No! I'll do what you say! Just don't you dare do that to me!"
Jayden inhaled a breath to realize with a start that the invisible wall and stick was a part of Tom's mental abilities with the creepy look in control as Tutor Travis kept on his whining which he looked to see the male's ears spit out black liquid along with the eyes followed by the male slumping to the ground with form still. Jayden found various air shifting all around him as figures with armor in blue color appeared from nowhere thrusting out sword weapons and jabbing it onto Tom in a circle leaving him alone. He stiffened recognizing the armored figures as the legendary Ancient Ones dubbing by the terror name of Souler. Jayden gulped finding the technicians running away leaving him kneeling onto the stone ground. He forced himself to be free from the strait jacket using his mental abilities as the Soulers were still surrounding Tom. Jayden wound up standing up yanking strait jacket away from him which he was compelled to speak.
"Don't you want to go home?" he blurt loudly to his shock.
Jayden found Tom looking his way as the Soulers formed a line of sight. He felt his mind scanned again only to find himself repeating his words as if compelled. He felt annoyance take hold feeling the compulsion go away followed by Tom's creepy look willed aside and the male kneeling while wailing loudly. Jayden frowned as Tom kept on wailing loudly while rocking his form and displaying tears from his eyes. 
He felt a light show and heard multiple shrieks of terror to find the Soulers fading from sight as he heard "Forgiveness? You want it? Confess your crime to me!"
Jayden wound up blurting to his shock "I didn't realize that the disabling of the gangplank where the High Council was on would result of them going through a wall into a pool of oil incinerate them to death. I was angry when I did that gangplank disabled joke onto them. Wasn't really thinking smartly when I did it."
He clamped his mouth shut to look finding a figure appearing to look Human while having furry skin in a male form with black long hair and a mustache and a beard in a circle on his face. 
He frowned as the male repeated his familiar line of forgiveness found himself compelled to speak despite it annoying him "I really was created and raised into this medical facility by Tutor Travis who died by Tom's hand. I'm not sure how I was created except I have a memory of myself small sized choking to death by a hand that's twin to Tom's hand and voices sounding firm like they wanted this hand's owner to do something. 
It took me later till I recognized the words as 'Mindbender, you'll give up the baby.'"
He found Tom halted his rocking while staring at him with widen eyes of shock as he kept on speaking "I wound up hearing a voice speaking gibberish I later translated via a Builder saying 'Don't worry, I'll transport you someplace where you'll be safe from harm. Ramses, transport this baby off Shadan now.'
He found Tom giving off a loud gasp of shock as he kept on speaking as if compelled "I found myself in this medical facility raised by Soulers who took control including surviving the transfer of King Winter transferring a piece of Shadan to Earth aka Terra. I was the only survivor of that transfer actually. It took me quite awhile to figure out what I needed to do with the help of the Sages once I could walk by myself after growing up a fast growth spurt. I managed to live by myself in the Attala surviving off land avoiding manoids till the Soulers managed to capture me using their Friendly Souler Victor himself knocking me out unconscious. I wound up into this medical facility as a result taught how to live like a civilized being by Tutor Travis as he called himself despite me living like an animal and only thinking like one. It was him who managed to get me to get it Human speech including Human methods of living."
He found his knees weak kneeled while finding his voice still strong and kept on speaking "Tutor Travis realized that I had telekinesis mental abilities and trained me how to use them which he also trained me to use them for good instead of doing bad things. Such as causing a bus's wheels to become flat, including stopping a cab from moving and killing its driver and driving the vehicle. Sniffers managed to figure out I was behind this acts of badness and sucked me as a result before abandoning me someplace isolated. Like abandoning me in a boat in a sea where I tried to get food via finger into the water only to get an eel that refused to stop biting my finger and zapping me when I tried to get it off. I was forced to use telekinesis to toss it aside into the ocean. I wound up meeting a fishman who destroyed my boat and got me into his home punching me with his fists causing me muscle spasms pain and refused to believe me when I said my reason I was in the boat. The fishman threatened to dump me into a pool of water holding sharks if I didn't tell him the truth which he proceeded to do till someone in a wetsuit saved me and got me transported to the Elves and knocked me unconscious. So far I've suffered hell in response to this death status I've done onto the High Council. I just want the hell to end and give me peace so I can sleep peacefully without nightmares or waking up to be threatened."
He groaned and laid his form down onto the stone floor and shut his eyes feeling himself too tired to stay awake and passed out unconscious feeling himself finally getting the rest he wanted. 

Nikolas groaned softly from the dream of Jayden Christiansted, he told the story to Yana, ending abruptly. 
Nikolas frowned as Yana paused from her typing to speak "So what's happening to my Tom in question?"
He gave up a sound of disgust in response while finding Yana forming her Master look and giving him a glare. Nikolas spoke in response the story he dreamed of Tom's reaction seeing Jayden going to sleep onto the ground and what happened after that, kept on speaking the story to recall himself with another point of view via the situation on Terra. He wound up seeing of Tom aka Mindbender's reaction seeing Jayden going to sleep onto the ground and focused as if drawn. 

TOM'S STORY
Tom felt pity taking hold seeing Jayden laid his form down and appeared to have passed out unconscious. He kept his Berserker side away from him as tears kept on spilling from his eyes. He eyed Jayden with a frown finding Terror the Forgiver Souler disappearing in a light show making Soulers resume their appearance with another shriek sound. Tom ignored the Soulers and their swords felt poking him. He crawled to Jayden ignoring his body whining of cuts from the Soulers' swords onto his body. He reaching Jayden gently placed a hand on top of the male's head and felt himself sleepy enough to pass out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling lips kissing him on the lips he grunted from the soreness of his body reacting to the healing of the cuts all over him. He grunted feeling a female body straddling him he feeling himself naked of clothes. Tom rolled his eyes as the female body he felt was Victoria's managed to get himself inside her and was rocking him. He sighed loudly while hearing his name spoken by Victoria's voice. Tom sighed forming a smirk only to feel regret as Victoria got off of him followed by feeling her hand patting him on the cheek. He groaned softly and jerked open his eyes finding her leaning over him while they were in their quarters in the High Council's ocean base. He frowned eyeing Victoria who gave him one of his favorite smiles and made a come gesture with a finger and another gesture indicating he should shower. Tom sighed and didn't protest as he forced himself to get up following Victoria into the bathing room where there was a small river waterfall flowing down off a cliff and got underneath the spray. He sighed as Victoria got him into another mating ritual as the water spilled overhead raining down them. He didn't protest as Victoria broke off the mating ritual and got him out of the bathing room into their quarters. He sighed as he went to his clothes he found himself compelled to put on his familiar Shad's uniform clothes on and growled an annoyed sound at the Meritanians felt manipulating him. Tom felt annoyance take hold as Victoria he eyed put on her familiar uniform of a Recorder followed by hauling her laptop via a handle folded together and took his hand insisting loudly for him to come with her. He obeyed hand and hand walked with Victoria sensed leading the way till they both arrived to the High Council's familiar room he finding the red robes having flesh bodies in them and were moving in gestures of talk. Tom frowned finding his Berserker side refused to take control as the red robed High Council figures he figured were the group quit their gestures followed by a Souler appearing via hidden status to stand facing him. 
He frowned as he found his Berserker side in control via the Souler's voice blaring in his mind "We're the High Council and we have orders for you to do."
Tom exhaled a breath and didn't comment a response as he willed aside the Berserker to repeat the Souler's words to Victoria. He found Victoria cocking her head but refraining from commenting further. 
Tom again got his Berserker side in control to hear "We want your undivided loyalty, Mindbender."
He stiffened from the words that were twin to the High Council's familiar words whenever they gave him that via Shadan before giving him an order. Tom stiffened further but refused to will aside his Berserker as Victoria was sensed hugging him in a fast move. 
He frowned stiffening as he heard the familiar words blaring in his mind "You will give oath of loyalty now or else, Mindbender!"
Tom stiffened further as one of the red robed figures got up from a seat and went to the Souler tapping him on the shoulder who faded from view. He kept on stiffening as the red hooded figure walked down the stairs and went up to him yanking off the hooded area he gasped of shock. Tom willed aside his Berserker as if shocked to see Ajax's face while wearing the red hooded robe as he widened his eyes. 
He stared at Ajax as if shocked who spoke while hearing throat clearing noises from Victoria "Alright the Meritanians as they wish to be called were asked for transportation orders mid way down the gangplank. They did that transportation but dumped each High Council member into the ocean who met this fishman as Jayden calls him which what happened to Jayden wound up happening to them in the ocean. Except the Meritanians transported the High Council out of the pool back onto the gangplank followed by them smashing through the wall one at a time despite transportation orders given. The Meritanians refused to transport the High Council out before they hit the oil burner instead said something like they deserved to be punished. It was the Meritanians who made it clear on their name change from Sages and insisted that we of the High Council work with the Soulers on controlling this planetary world of Terra. Hence I put in position as a High Council member by the Meritanians Walls and Kiddy insisting on it."
Tom exhaled a breath but didn't comment a response as Ajax without a word placed the hood back on and walked away going back to the stone seat and sat down followed by the Souler resuming his position via appearance status. 
Tom frowned as the Souler spoke blaring in his mind again triggering his Berserker side "The Meritanians, Walls and Kiddy have admitted to being bored while doing things around Terra and has started to play jokes in their amusement. Hence they selected one person out of all natives to tell when their playing jokes to say it via code words to the High Council. You'll see who's been selected on that status.'
Tom frowned but didn't comment a response willed aside his Berserker while repeating the Souler's words he said to him to Victoria's ears. He heard a loud Hmph from Victoria as he heard snickering like laughter sounding of the Meritanians blaring in his mind only to realize with a start what Victoria's Hmph sound meant. He looked down at Victoria staring up at him with her mouth into a thin line and she giving him an all black eyed glare.
Tom spoke firmly "Your the person the Meritanians selected to tell when their playing jokes?"
He eyed Victoria who spoke in response using her creepy voice "Ask me that again and the Meritanians will dump you into the ocean like anyone who asks me. They don't want to be reminded that they agreed to this status to be done onto me."
Tom exhaled a breath and didn't comment a response keeping his mouth shut as he eyed Victoria in response who kissed him on the lips he kissed her back. He sighed as Victoria broke off the kiss followed by disappearing into a light show leaving him alone with the Souler and the new High Council. 
Tom frowned eyeing the Souler warily to find his Berserker side in control abruptly as he heard "So go explore the Attala and find Victor another of Victoria's offspring." He gasped hearing as he continued to hear "And get out of our presence now."
Tom found himself transported out into the middle of a road having traffic in it with horns honking and cars swerving to avoid him. He forced himself to get out of the road to the sidewalk and stood with arms folded till a loud ugh sounded loudly off his left. He found the voice's owner was a vampire appearing to be a hybrid vampire Human dubbed Sniffer that was appearing to be holding his nose and giving him a glare. 
Tom spoke in response "You know of a shelter for food, drink and sleep for me to exchange my clothes?"
He glared at the Sniffer who nasally spoke "You reek of oil from the smell of you. P.U."
Tom sighed and spoke "Just direct me to where I can clean this stink off of me since I smell."
He glared at the Sniffer who removed his finger off his nose and gave a shrugging movement followed by finding himself into a lock arm hold despite his efforts to use karate to free himself. He grunted feeling his neck bit and sucked followed by dizziness hitting him which he shook off as he was forced to sit onto the ground. He again found horns honking in a loud tone as he found himself partially on the road. Tom forced himself to get up and dizzily like a drunkard walked off the road only to feel electrical jolts of a taser gun hitting his front followed by passing out unconscious.

Tom woke up feeling water splashed onto face he jerked open his eyes with a start feeling himself bare of clothes and only covered by a blanket. He found himself into a jail cell belonging to a police station and found a cop a female holding a cup of water over his forehead with a sneer on her face. 
Tom shook his head and sat up giving her a glare as she spoke "so the mate friend of our mother returns.'
He glared in annoyance hearing her words to see Victoria's face fully onto the female despite her having brown eyes instead of Victoria's blue eyes. 
He kept the glare while eyeing the female who thrust him a bottle and snarled to him "Drink up now."
Tom obeyed to sit up uncapping the bottle as she faded from view disappearing out of sight only to get its contents spilling onto him like soda all over the place and on his body. He felt annoyance take hold to take a sip of the drink and spat it out finding it was truly soda from the taste. Tom capped the bottle and tossed it aside aimed at the wall only to see it shatter spilling out liquid all over the place and even onto him to his disgust. He got up still holding the blanket finding its wetness made a sticky mess onto his skin. Tom gave up a sound of disgust and without as word found the jail cell's door shut to his confusion. He resumed seated on the bed wincing from the soda's liquid felt pooling onto the area. Tom ignored the soda that stuck to his skin with a sticky mess followed by drying as he sat lengthy in the narrow jail cell waiting for someone to let him out. He didn't have long to wait as the familiar cop came back displaying all blue eyes of a Souler to his disgust and got his Berserker side in control.
Tom heard "Your messy idiot! You should have drunken that drink instead of spilling it all over the place! The chief will make you clean the jail cell for that mess!"
He gave up a sound of disgust after willing aside his Berserker and didn't comment a response as the female got the jail cell's door open by a head cock of sliding the bars. He got up and walked out feeling stickiness attached to his feet while still holding the blanket to cover him out of modesty. 
Tom found the female cop thrusting out a knife via sleeve and thrusting it to his neck as he heard "Leave the blanket now or else!"
He gave her a glare with the Berserker in control only to feel a knife cut onto his neck cutting off his Berserker's side in control and willed aside. He glared at the female and without a word thrust aside the blanket into the jail cell after balling it. Tom saw the female's eyes widen seeing his sensitive part. He gave up a loud Hmph noise to get her looking up at his eyes as he gave her a glare and waved a finger into her face.
Tom got the female again ogling him with a smirk look and giving off giggles as he again spoke "Hmph, I'm not for females to ogle."
He glared at the female who didn't say a word in response shook her head followed by putting away the knife as if flicking it back into her sleeve. Tom kept the glare as the female without a word walked away disappearing in a fast blurring speed move. Tom heard a bang sound to find another set of bars slamming shut at the entrance to the hallway. He grunted and without a word went to the entrance while peering at barred jail cells that appeared to look twin to his but didn't have anyone in them as he reached the bars. Tom found another hallway as he heard a humming sound from the bars. He found his hands balked touching the bars as he found the same with his Berserker side in control. Tom felt annoyance take hold stood with arms folded a glare on his face. He waited lengthy till footsteps was heard echoing in the hallway rapid fired banging noises. Tom found the banging seemed like someone was pacing to him by the noises sounding again over and over. He forced himself to kneel with eyes shut and hands onto his thighs and waited listening to the banging till there was a bang of cell bars along with an ahem sound. He jerked open his eyes finding the female cop was there as he heard the familiar banging of pacing. Tom frowned as the female held up a toothbrush and a bucket of water she thrust onto him he gripped. 
He frowned as the female slammed the bars shut she speaking "Your cleaning the mess in that jail cell now. I got my orders so clean."
He gave a glare and without a word got up and went to his familiar jail cell finding the bars remained shut with humming sounds. 
Tom spoke noticing the female was again ogling him "A little help here for me to clean that jail cell."
He got from the female in response "Not my problem." followed by walking out of sight he again hearing the familiar pacing noises sounding.
Tom exhaled a breath and eyed the bucket finding its color was green and holding liquid that appeared to be soap to him. Groaning he dipped the toothbrush into the soap liquid to pull it out only to find nothing indicate of soap but green dye onto the bristles. Tom felt annoyance take hold once he examined the bristles and sniffed it finding it stank of ocean plant dye to him. He grunted an annoyed sound and without a word went to the cell bars to the entrance to the hallway and again kneeled with eyes shut hands onto his thighs with the bucket sitting in front of him along with the toothbrush. Tom ignored the banging of pacing sounding loudly as he forced himself to mediate despite his mood bad again. He kept on mediating till the pacing sounded hypnotic put him to sleep which he passed out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling water spilling over his front along with hearing a snickering sound of a female's voice tone. He jerked opened his eyes to find the female cop was back having a hand through the cell bars pouring water over him via a cup. Tom got up in a fast move as the female dropped the cup pulling her arm with a fast move and again appeared to be ogling him to his annoyance. Tom put hands in front of his sensitive part in front of him while giving off an ahem noise. He found the female giving off a sound of disgust and with a head jerk got the cell bars open. He made a step only to find the cell bars shut as he removed his hand to only get ogled by the female again he folded his arms giving her a glare. 
Tom snarled angrily "Like what you see? Quit ogling me and get to the point of this jokey status now."
He glared at the female who kept on ogling him while looking him up and down making him roll his eyes in response. He heard a gasp from the female as he focused onto her to find her fading from view followed by the familiar footsteps sounded again. Tom again kneeled with eyes shut and waited lengthy forcing himself to mediate till he felt like willing forwards the Berserker obeyed to hear a faint gasp sound. Tom opened his eyes to peer off his left was the familiar female as he flexed a clawed hand in her direction she appearing to be staring at him with narrowed all blue eyes. He kept the flexing till the female did a double take look and again appeared to be ogling him while again giving off her faint giggling noises. Tom found the cell bars blocked his efforts to do any mental orders onto the female who remained ogling him to his disgust. He felt his mood become worse off willed aside the Berserker and gave up a roar of anger. Tom quit roaring when he found his roar echoing within the hallway of the jail cells his ears whining in pain in response. He resumed shutting his eyes and mediating till a familiar giggle was heard again he forced himself to ignore lengthy. 
Tom ignored everything around him till a loud bar noise was heard along with hearing "Get out now!"
He jerked open his eyes to find the female was accompanied by a male Souler wearing familiar blue armor with a sword out and helmet covering the head. Tom didn't comment a response instead walked out into the hallway to find his arms grabbed by two appearing Soulers as he was forced to kneel into the hallway he found was appearing to look like a cave and found a male Souler twin to Tutor Travis seated in a chair with a device giving off noises he recognized. Tom formed a glare as Tutor Travis's twin gave him a narrowed eyed glare of accusation he recognized via the Souler's glare. Tom found the twin in response making a finger gesture aiming towards behind him to find a familiar Souler he recognized as Terror walking in sight speaking his familiar forgiveness line. 
Tom found himself relaying "I assassinated a Souler named Tutor Travis without giving him mercy even when he was begging for it."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line as Terror disappeared into a light show followed by Tutor Travis's twin holding up a knife and felt himself thrust up to stand followed by thrust towards the Souler. He found the Soulers holding onto his arms appeared to be mind scanning him by the senses blaring and anticipating his moves of freedom as they thrust him to kneel once in front of the Souler. He formed a glare as Tutor Travis's twin without a word jabbed his knife onto his scarred cheek making cut markings very deeply that suspiciously felt like part of a square but appeared to be a triangle cut but without the triangle end. Tom glared in response while baring his teeth as the Souler succeeded onto cutting his face making deep groves. He felt his blood leaking from the cuts as the Souler with a head gesture found himself thrust to stand up followed by grimacing as the male thrust his knife onto his sensitive part as if examining it. Tom grimaced from the feel of the knife touching his sensitive part only to feel his head forced up to look at the ceiling he spotted camera domes in there. Tom grimace as he felt the knife touching his sensitive part along with feeling additional pain from it cutting him elsewhere than that area. He felt the cuts were deep groves in a half triangle mark all over his thighs inside his legs. Tom grimaced forming it on his face as the knife was again felt onto his arms mostly onto the bicep and making grove cuts onto the area. He kept on grimacing further as the knife was removed to his relief followed by feeling a needle injected into his neck along with sleepiness hitting him felt himself passing out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling himself in a vehicle by the jerking driving all over the place including not wearing a seatbelt. He found himself in the back of a van appearing to be empty of seats with the front blocked off via black wall that appeared to not be see through. Tom found the vehicle driving all over the place including swerving till it stopped with a jerk and he banged against the black wall finding it was metal. Tom found doors opening in the back followed by men appearing to be masked Sniffers grabbing him and yanking him out followed by dumping him onto the ground onto the snow. Tom got up in a fast speed move to find the van driving away leaving him standing in the snow he finding himself in front of a house alone in the forest as the road he spotted appeared busy with cars driving by fast blurring speed moves. Tom frowned feeling himself cold all over and sore from the knife cuts heard a loud Hmph behind him. He turned around to find himself not alone like he thought but a female figure clad in winter gear that made a motion to follow in an insisting move. He obeyed to follow stomping into the snow up to his knees as the female appeared to be walking onto a snowplowed path. Tom got out of the snow and walked onto the path following the female till a set of stairs appeared onto the side of the house. 
He got gibberish spoken by the female who jabbed fingers aimed at him and towards the stairs followed by hearing "Good luck." sounding in Summeran in a bad attempt of the language.
Tom exhaled a breath and went to the stairs going up them only to slip and slide onto the ice covering them. He found himself slipping and sliding all over the place till he reached the top of the stairs to find a bag of kitty litter seated next to the open doorway with a screen door shut. Tom groaned softly and forced himself to go inside the apartment finding nothing indicating of coverage for clothes. He found the apartment was a part of the house with a door to the upper part of the house with humming electricity coming from it. Tom found a hallway leading to a bathroom with closets he peered into them finding them empty of items to his disgust. He heard a doorbell ringing noise to go to the door finding no one outside only to hear a loud feminine voice yelling at him from below the stairs via gibberish spoken. Tom sighed and went out forcing himself to open the bag of kitty litter and sprayed it onto the landing and stairs while going down shivering. He reached the bottom of the stairs to find the female was back who thrust him a black suitcase he hearing her giving off snickering sounds. Tom ignored the snickering and went back up the stairs his footing firm onto the stairs with kitty litter felt sticking onto his bare feet. He went up the stairs and went into the apartment to shut the door with a gentle slam sound. Tom locked the door and opened the suitcase to find clothes inside he found indicated of sleepwear to him via the flannel pajamas and slippers along with nothing else to his disgust. He gave up a loud Hmph sound and got into the pajamas followed by going to the heater's switch on the wall to turn it on. He found the heaters was involving a plugged into heater via one corner of the room that was slow warming up the room. Tom found the heater switch refused to budge from the temperature of sixty five and found nothing to indicate of budging onto the plugged in heater. He groaned and laid his form onto the bed feeling the blanket was threadbare and made him sneeze as dust formed above him from flopping onto it on his back. Tom groaned again and without a word went to explore the apartment finding a switch for a light in the middle of the room. He found his night vision with improvements showed everything in the color purple with the exception of the heater turning pink colored. Tom sighed and went to turn on the light switch finding the light bulb going out with a pop sound. He groaned softly and went to the kitchen unit in the wall he spotted a small refrigerator to open it. Tom gulped wrinkling his nose from the smell of food inside that smelled bad and not cleaned out to his disgust. He found the food appeared to be moldy and old and disgusting which he shut the door and went to find cleaning supplies. Tom found nothing indicating of cleaning supplies in the kitchen's cupboards. He found a phone book with dust onto it as he picked up and found the thing still holding itself together. Tom took a look through the phone book finding nothing to indicate his herbal tea drink via the ads of food in it including other business. 
He kept on going to a page as if drawn stopping to put his finger onto an address he found said "Daria Mustafina."
Tom found himself frowning to the name till he found a phone and found himself dialing Daria's number. 
Tom waited as the there was an older voice with weariness answered the phone speaking "Yes something I can do for you sir?"
He spoke as if compelled "Forgiveness? You want it? Confess."
Tom cut himself off feeling annoyed with what he said as he heard from Daria he assumed was her speaking gibberish in a rapid fired paced he recognizing the language and tones was vulgarity spoken in Summeran till he cleared his throat. 
He waited till Daria spoke in response cutting off her gibberish "I'm tired. Just am tired. Not sure if I can sleep well with a renter inside my rented room especially a male renter who gave my granddaughter Daria same name as I a fright when Bloodies dumped him onto us."
Tom stiffened hearing the term Bloodies to frown forming it onto his lips as Daria was heard "I just want to sleep. I can't seem to get myself to sleep despite kept awake by this nastiness going around Egyptia."
He again stiffened cupping a hand over his mouth hearing the word Egyptia he figured was speak for Humania he figured he was disappeared gone to Humania to reside. 
Tom kept a hand over his mouth refraining from gasping out loud as the voice turned into a male voice and spoke sounding of weariness "Egypt won't get my message that it's her I want her to quit so I can rest from being the Guardian of Life and Death with multiple forms. Get her to rest and I'll do you a favor and return you from Egyptia aka Humania judging by your thinking of it. You're correct on it."
Tom gulped hearing the male voice sounding in his ear as he heard it shift into Daria's voice sounding firmly annoyed "What's the point of calling me?"
He spoke firmly "I wasn't made aware that renters could call the landlord to ask for various items needed in their residence-"
He was interrupted "It's your job to get what you need for that apartment. So explore the city of Yekaterinburg and you'll find what you need. Also get a job while you're at it. You owe me rent for that room."
He found the dial tone in his ear. 
Groaned softly to hang up only to hear a male voice speaking "Don't hang up! I want to talk to you!"
Tom sighed recognizing the voice as the Guardian of Life and Death blaring onto the phone as he spoke "You have my undivided attention."
He waited as the voice spoke "Just got to warn you that whoever becomes the Guardian of Life and Death has to suffer from something involving a deadly injury. You may find yourself living in Humania for awhile till she gets fed up with you and throw you into my position to convince Egypt with her fight with me to leave my people alive when I should have them join the ages as in permanent disappearance."
Tom opened his mouth to speak only to hear a sound of a female's voice onto the line speaking "Operator's services May I help you?"
Tom hung up without a word and went to the window finding it was snowing heavily outside. He grunted an annoyed sound and went to the heater to sit on the floor nearby it warming himself up. Tom felt a compulsion to get up which he obeyed feeling annoyance take hold figuring the storm was something else to keep him contained in his residence. He threw open the doors finding sunlight blaring within a blink of an eye move to his annoyance. Tom gave up a loud Hmph and without a word went down the stairs feeling the kitty litter kept the ice forming over it while still clad in his slippers and pajamas clothes. He found new snow formed covering the pathway only to find a pathway to the fence form in its place. Tom exhaled a breath and forced himself to stomp through the snow finding it form its familiar pathway of snowplowed pathway. He kept on walking ignoring sunlight blinking on and off making night time forming including sunlight forming he annoyed to see. Tom ignored the sunlight to walk further onto the street via the road facing traffic. He kept on walking making sure he paid attention to where he was going find cars heading towards him he found them slipping through him like ghosts to his annoyance. Tom looked around to spot the sunlight was shining in a direction as the moon was indicating a path for him to take which he proceeded to follow the lights to a bridge finding it disappeared from his foot stepping onto it. Tom gave up another Hmph sound and proceeded to march onto the bridge blinking in and out within his eyesight. He kept on marching going into the city he saw looked twin to a Human dominated city which he again followed the sunlight and moonlight shining to march off the bridge. Tom kept on walking finding himself going through buildings like an astral projection and found both lights kept on guiding him lengthy till he arrived to a beach with water looking angry and dark like a hurricane storm. Tom gulped but found the lights guided him into the stormy water he found himself compelled to remove his clothes which he obeyed leaving the pajamas and slippers onto the ground. Tom once naked felt coldness hitting him only to find the sunlight shining warming him up as he forced himself to go into the water. He found the water was indicating of mud and appeared to be waist deep trying to hold onto him from walking further. Tom willed forwards his Berserker side and mentally charged up his body with electricity. He found his Berserker side got the mud to flatten followed by the water going away leaving a dry arid field of dirt. Tom willed aside his Berserker only to find the familiar muddy water appearing into sight surrounding him keeping him from moving further. He felt disgust take hold willed forwards the Berserker and found the familiar field which he kept his side in control while marching onto the field. Tom kept on marching finding ghostly forms of outlines appear in front of him speaking gibberish. He ignored the gibberish and outlines to keep on walking. Tom found his feet walking onto sand followed by a sandstorm blowing making his eyes hard to see where he was going. He mentally recalled his fly mental order gave it to find the sand storm flying around him and ignoring him as he looked to find the familiar lights again guiding him to keep on walking. Tom kept on walking till he met Anubis standing alone in the sand as he found the jackal head warrior ignoring him and remained standing staring onto the horizon. Tom kept walking further into the sand that turned to quicksand halting his efforts to walk. He mentally ordered the fly command to cease along with zapping to find lightening flashing above along with feeling his body hit with it. Tom willed aside the zapping to keep his Berserker in control till he felt the quick sanded earth managed to grab him via her claws felt onto his back he felt was of Banshee claws. Tom found the Banshee claws kept on hanging onto his back and was trying to pull him towards the city as he gave resistance and with a growl removed the claws off his back to turn around finding himself facing a figure seated in a white chair wearing a white suit with a look of a Sniffer. He found flapping on wings was a large bald eagle in some hovering position while next to the figure he recognized as the Guardian of Life and Death wearing a Sniffer's face. 
Tom grimaced seeing the Guardian of Life and Death who spoke "I am the Guardian of Life and Death. I will judge you on my scales on your life."
He heard the eagle shriek some cry only to hear a bong sound of a bell sounding twelve times he counted followed by the Guardian of Life and Death standing up addressing the bird "It's your life now who I will judge on my scales, Egypt."
Tom exhaled a breath and refrained from commenting a word as the eagle gave up shrieking cries he heard sounded of denial in her voice tone. 
Tom frowned as the Guardian of Life and Death with weariness seen from the male spoke "It's your turn to be judged Egypt." He heard the tiredness of the male's voice tone to keep his mouth shut as the eagle again gave up a shriek sounding of denial.
Tom spoke firmly "Why deny the Guardian of Life and Death a chance to sleep his eternal rest? He's tired from all this contests you threw him into. He wants to sleep and rest forever. So grant him his last request and let yourself be judged."
He found himself without the Berserker in control in find himself wearing the Guardian of Life and Death's clothes onto his form as the eagle shrieked him hearing "Tutor Travis!"
Tom spoke firmly while eyeing the eagle in the eyes "I ask for his forgiveness for causing his death for I was the hand that assassinated him."
Tom found himself back facing the Guardian of Life and Death displaying a Sniffer vampire form he recognized as Nikolas from memory of him as the male appeared to be lifting up a hand towards the eagle. Tom frowned as an energy ball of lightening came out of the eagle and went to the male's hand who put it onto a set of scales that showed heaviest down towards the earth. He kept on watching as the Guardian let go of the energy ball followed by the scale tipping back and forth before settling onto one side followed by hearing a bong sound of a bell ringing. Tom found fire appearing in the middle of the eagle and consumed it entirely. He eyed the Guardian who without a word went to sit down into his stone chair till he heard a familiar sound of a ticking noise of a clock. Tom frowned as the Guardian shifted form into Jinks Montreal complete with the scar on his face who stood up holding a hand towards him. He gulped when he saw an energy ball of lightening came out of his chest he feeling nothing involving pain. Tom kept watching as the Guardian placed the energy ball onto the scales followed by it tipping back and forth before focusing onto one side becoming heavy. 
He didn't say a word as the Guardian went to sit down into his chair and spoke loudly "I can now rest. I have done my duty and my promise to you. Return Tom to where you came from."
Tom found the Guardian putting hands over his mouth and making a blowing gesture he finding himself thrown backwards in a fast move finding himself traveling through space from the looks of it past Humania and Edenia still orbiting Aire. He felt regret on not able to return to Aire as he found himself flying in space among the stars finding himself taking a direction as if guided mentally to there. Tom kept on watching the space scene to find a familiar planet come into view he recognized as Jupiter one of the planets in the Human Earth's galaxy. Tom found himself flying past Jupiter till he reached a planet that made him think it was Earth but figured it was Mars colonized by the Humans by the oceans looking red. He found himself flying past Mars to reach Terra and her dead moon Luna that shined lights from the Elves taking residence into it. Tom kept flying into the planet going over land and over the ocean he spotted the Attala from the air resembled a large Meritanian plant that had fronds as trees all over the place as he kept on flying towards the United States of America's land mostly what remained of it. Tom kept on flying towards the land till he found his eyesight turn purple to his confusion. He found himself lying in something hard and metallic with purple all around him. 
Tom heard voices chanting "Ay Kabaiya!"
He frowned shaking his head as the chanting became louder and louder till he was compelled to speak spoke "Ay Kabaiya!"
Tom found light blaring into his eyesight along with hearing "Damn your like a cat with nine lives!"
Tom frowned hearing the voice sounded of Victoria's as he felt lips touching his lips while hearing a loud sound of disgust. Tom kissed the lips he recognized belonged to Victoria's as he smelled ocean air. 
He found himself lying onto dirt ground as Victoria broke off the kiss to his regret and patted his cheek while speaking "Wake up Tom!"
Tom heard the voice become insisting and louder along with patting onto his cheeks become slapping angry fists. He groaned loudly while shaking the effects of sleep within him while flexing his hands he felt his Berserker in control willed it aside while groaning loudly. 
Tom heard a shriek of joy sounding in Victoria's voice along with Victoria excitedly speaking "Tom! That's it! Fight it now! Come back to me!"
He obeyed concentrating onto Victoria's voice as he found himself weak and back into his body while shaking his head along with feeling her hand rubbing his scarred cheek. Tom sighed and pushed his face into Victoria's hand as he felt sleepiness kept on pursuing him. 
He willed forwards his Berserker mentally giving off repeatedly "Shield."
Tom found the sleepiness quit followed by removing the Berserker and jerking opens his eyes to find Victoria leaning over him giving him one of his favorite smiles. He sighed and found himself still having some strength raised his hand to find Victoria grabbing it and holding it onto her chest right over her heart. Tom sighed but didn't comment a response as Victoria made a sign for quiet with another hand. He eyed Victoria while finding himself laying in the High Council's cave room she kneeling onto the floor next to him. He forced himself to sit up as he found a pair of Soulers standing in the room facing Ajax with face bared wearing the red hooded robe giving them a glare of accusation. Tom got up quietly helped by Victoria and willed forwards the Berserker hearing snickering like laughter sounding within his mind of the Meritanians. He heard Victoria's familiar Hmph noise to stand with arms folded ignoring his naked status while glaring at the two Soulers who appeared to not notice him up and awake but were staring at Ajax. Tom found Ajax appeared to see him by eyes widening but remained staring at the Soulers giving them a glare of accusation. He willed aside the Berserker and figured his fist will do towards the Soulers. Tom went to the Soulers ignoring Victoria still holding onto his right hand. He tapped a Souler onto the shoulder from behind with his left hand and waited for the male to turn and look. He didn't have long to wait as the Souler looked which he found himself slapping the male onto the face instead of punching him. The Souler he slapped gave up a grunt of surprise as he found the Souler's companion turning to look towards the noises which he did the same thing and slapped the male onto the face. 
Tom snarled loudly as if compelled as the Soulers looked at him with eyes widening "That's for hurting me and causing my Victoria a fright."
He gave the Soulers a glare of accusation feeling Victoria hugging him abruptly body touching his body despite she clad in her familiar uniform. Tom hugged Victoria while rubbing hands onto her backside not sparing her seat and pressed her form into his body as tight as he could while waving a fisted free hand towards the Soulers. Tom glared as he heard Meritanians' snickering like laughter to find the two Soulers disappearing into light shows. He eyed Ajax who gave up a loud Hmph and without a word resumed covering his head with the hood and went to sit down. Tom felt Victoria's hands rubbing him on the chest rubbing his nipples which he sighed from her rubbing. He sighed as he felt tears spilling from her eyes dripping onto his shoulder from her leaning her chin onto the area. 
He kept his arms around Victoria seemingly lengthy till he heard triggering the Berserker "Enough of that! Recorder, take Mindbender to where he can get himself properly attired now!"
He didn't protest as Victoria weep out in a tearful voice "Just transport us to our quarters now."
He heard nothing in response from the Meritanians, to will the Berserker aside, and find himself and Victoria back into his quarters with her. Tom felt himself itching to mate via his urges hitting him got Victoria lying onto the bed weeping out tears and stripped her of her uniform she kept on crying. He ignored her crying as he lay his form on top of Victoria's finding her legs wrap around him parting to grant him entry inside her. Tom sighed and entered Victoria finding himself hit with his familiar happy feeling once he was inside her. Tom sighed and began thrusting in and out of Victoria who remained still while crying away she felt running hands through his hair. Tom sighed and rolled his eyes once done spilling himself inside Victoria while hearing her giving off his name as always. He adjusted himself to lie on top of Victoria head level with her head and gently hugged her while feeling relieved to have her body touching his body. Tom kept himself silent as Victoria had her crying bout feeling her hands running through his hair yanking at the strands. Tom sighed softly and remained hugging Victoria lengthy till she became silent he finding her sleeping when he looked at her face with a peaceful look on it. He sighed and forced himself to lie on top of Victoria still hugging her sleeping as he adjusted the blankets to cover them both and remained lying there hugging her for a lengthy time period.
Tom heard within his mind "Nighty night smarty!"
He sighed hearing Walls's familiar voice speaking Ramses' familiar line involving putting people to sleep to feel himself falling asleep passing out unconscious. 

An alarm clock blared loudly shattering his talk which Nikolas glared at Yana with annoyance running through him. 
Yana he saw was glaring at Dalton who was up and awake sputtering loudly speaking "Daughter mine cut that thing now!"
Nikolas stiffened as Yana spoke appearing to be addressing Dalton "Your Jinks Montreal."
He formed a glare in response aimed at Dalton who opened his eyes showing them all black who waved a hand in his direction he found himself falling asleep despite hearing silence from the Meritanians. Nikolas passed out unconscious only to find himself facing Tank who made a kneeling sign via hands' gesture. He obeyed and shut his eyes to find himself peering via Yana's eyesight who's eyes were narrowed in a glare aimed at Dalton. 
Dalton was sitting on the air mattress glaring at Yana with arms folded as she heard speaking "Your Jinks Montreal the original and not a clone."
Nikolas hissed a breath hearing that comment from Yana as he found Yana's eyes narrow while hearing a faint roaring noise followed by the roaring of the Master become silent like she had willed it forwards. He kept on watching as if compelled to do it as Dalton without a word laid his form down onto the mattress and turned his back onto Yana who again manipulated the alarm clock. He found Dalton waking up sputtering his familiar comment involving daughter mine to got Yana repeating her comment towards him. Nikolas kept on watching as he found himself back into his body sitting onto the armchair and opened his eyes while staring at Dalton who remained silent while kneeling onto the inflated air mattress with eyes shut.
Nikolas spoke loudly "Aw come on! Just admit it! The High Council isn't around planet side. Edenia and minions really did kick them off the planet-"
He was interrupted by Dalton snarling angrily "You expect me to believe that? The High Council is known for tricks including doing anything to prove themselves obeying an order by someone else ordering it. It's happened to them before and they kept on playing this jokey status onto those idiots who's foolish enough to do this orders onto them."
Nikolas gave up a sound of disgust and heard Meritanians snickering like laughter in his mind as his joke status went off again. 
He groaned softly to find Dalton disappear in a light show to get from Yana "Track him!"
Nikolas obeyed to find Dalton floating in the air appearing to be heading towards the ocean he saw as he spoke "Meritanians dumped him into the ocean."
He found Dalton disappearing in a light show and tracked him into the High Council's former throne room where the Soulers were with Timer and mentioned "He's in the Soulers' throne room aka High Council's throne room-"
"Meritanians transport Nikolas and me to the Soulers' in the High Council's throne room now!" He was interrupted by Yana blaring loudly.
Nikolas found air hitting him to find himself hitting a metallic floor while hearing groans and grunts from Yana which he swung himself up via acrobatic move to stand with arms folded finding Dalton was restrained by the Falcons. Nikolas kept the glare in response as Anubis had a hand over Dalton's mouth who was displaying all black eyes. He eyed the Soulers with annoyance running through him as Timer a creepy figure had head bowed. He figured the Soulers with their mind walking powers were mind's scanning Dalton for his identity. He frowned as Yana walked into sight with the Master in control while still holding onto her familiar laptop this time it was in its folded status. He gulped seeing the glare on Yana's face was scaring him and making him gulp seeing that expression. Nikolas kept his mouth shut into a thin line and waited as the Falcons released Dalton who stood with arms folded. He found Anubis sniffing Dalton after releasing the male's mouth followed by giving off a loud whispered Hmph. He formed a glare while glaring at Dalton who glared in response. Nikolas frowned as Yana without a word sat down and opened her laptop and began typing onto it. 
He sighed to roll his eyes and spoke loudly "Obsessed with that thing."
Nikolas found Yana after he focused onto her halted her typing with a finger onto the keyboard and giving him a glare making him gulp. 
He gulped but kept his mouth shut as Yana resumed typing onto the laptop followed by speaking "Got it! I got the file involving the Hall of One Thousand Voices!"
Nikolas sighed and eyed Yana finding Dalton shifted into his Lance Richard persona despite the Falcons putting hands onto the male's shoulders. 
He eyed Yana fully and waited as she spoke while jabbing a finger at Dalton "Your Jinks Montreal."
Nikolas shifted to eye Dalton aka Jinks Montreal he figured that Yana was correct finding Jinks had shifted aside the Lance Richard persona and not saying a word in response but still displaying all black eyes. 
He sighed and spoke firmly "Anything to prove he's not a clone but an original?"
He frowned as Yana was heard "Belly button mark on the spine right in the middle of the back area. I have that as a clone. Nikolas as he wishes to be called should have it while Dalton boy probably doesn't have one."
Nikolas found the Falcons managed to grab his arms forcing him to back facing the Soulers as he felt Anubis yanking up his shirt from behind. He grimaced as he heard a loud Hmph sound sounding of a Souler along with twisted to have back facing Dalton.
He sighed and waited as he heard "Check his back and Yana's." sounding of Anubis's loud whisper.
Nikolas frowned as he found a hand touching his back from behind that suspiciously felt Human and masculine to the feel he didn't protest as he felt the hand's touch felt on his spine from behind including one area. He felt relieved when the Falcons freed him and his shirt put back onto his back as he turned around to face Jinks. Nikolas found Yana getting up and yanking her shift off her back showing her back having a spot on it that looked like a belly button to him. 
He sighed and went to Jinks while speaking "Just let me examine your back for you. I don't think the Falcons and Anubis will do that job."
Nikolas frowned while eyeing Jinks who gave him a narrowed eyed glare in response followed by finding the Falcons and Anubis standing behind the male with staffs crackling of electricity. He groaned and went to Jinks intending to lift the male's shirt up only to find himself blocked by the male balking to turn his back to him. 
Nikolas spoke "Yana or Veronica, whatever name you call yourself you do it."
He stood and waited as Yana came into view with her shirt down covering her back and heard her speaking "Please daddy."
He sighed hearing the begging voice tone of Yana's to find Jinks without a word turned his back and didn't protest as Yana pulled his shirt up from behind. Nikolas hissed a breath finding Jinks' back was bare of a tattle tale belly button mark but was marked with scars on the top most portion of his back he recognized indicated of being in a tube donating himself for cloning. Nikolas heard snickering like laughter sounding from Tank in his mind as he felt his joke sense went off again. 
He again gave up his groan noise as Yana ignored him to rub hands over Jinks' back she heard speaking "Your not a clone but original who donated clones."
Nikolas kept his mouth shut into a thin line as Jinks without a word turned around putting down his shirt he noticed a scar on the front making him doing a double take look. 
He spoke "Scarring on the front on the chest I saw."
Nikolas got a sound of disgust from Jinks in response as Yana without a word lifted up Jinks' top he seeing scars of a round shape onto the chest area like a heavy burn despite a muscular form. 
Nikolas spoke "What happened to you anyway to receive this on your chest?"
He eyed Jinks who without a word removed Yana's hands off his shirt and thrust his shirt down and got from the male "Ask Yana to find the file on me explaining this further. I refused to talk more on this subject. I refused to dredge up the past despite my grievance with the High Council whether their out of planet Shadan or not. I don't give a damn anymore."
Nikolas frowned to shift towards Yana who went to the laptop and rapid fired paced began typing onto it in a fast move followed by speaking "Ouch! He survived the shooting of an eater fire weapon by a High Council's warship fired onto him while he was on a horse that didn't survive it. He was on the horse sent back to the past during the time of Lance Richard by the High Council who threw him through a travel gate that had that ability. He was ordered by the High Council back then to do something silly as in getting a group of Highlanders led by a Highlander instead of a female Human Highlander Hybrid who was abusive in her position according to files and a mind walker. The female had mind walking ability only involving touching skin to skin and reading people's minds when doing mating onto people hence she used herself as a whore according to files. Jinks was sent back to help capture her into some situation involving pregnancy which she wound up carrying but Lance Richard assassinated her soon after she birth the babies. Lance Richard back then realized that Jinks was a puppet of the High Council sent him away from the castle via horseback which he met the High Council's warship and they fired onto him. They did intended to kill Jinks but he survived the shooting and wound up knocked unconscious as a result."
Nikolas exhaled a breath hissing loudly hearing Yana's words as he eyed Jinks who kept his mouth into a thin line and didn't speak a comment as he heard from Yana further "The High Council wound up taking Jinks to the Hall of One Thousand Voices and locking him into a tube alive unconscious. They substituted another Human's bony body onto the area where Jinks' horse was found with evidence of his death there just to fool anybody of that and make it seem like he actually died there. Then after that Jinks via ghost form started to pester the High Council via dream status to live again. I suspect that the ghost was Lance Richard himself doing it despite the High Council blaming it onto Jinks. The High Council in response took Jinks out of his tube while he was unconscious and hooked him up into an experiment created by the Humans of the Zesky Asylum unknowingly of that and created clones of Jinks. Multiple clones actually hence original Jinks has scarring on his back as a result. Oh."
Nikolas heard a sound of disgust loudly from Jinks to frown eyeing Yana who halted her talk to look up towards the Soulers with a glare involving her eyes displaying all black and looking angry. He kept his mouth shut into a thin line recognizing the glare from Yana was twin to the glare from a female Human calling herself Edenia via stories of where he came from born from her despite being a clone. He gulped and got Yana's throat clearing noise loudly while noticing she was glaring at the Soulers with her eyes narrowed. 
Nikolas spoke "What else did you find out via the computer file?"
He frowned as Jinks spoke he noticed the male speaking "The High Council made a game of trying to kill me via my clones with whatever assassination method they could think of. They kept me contained into my tube hooked up to the cloning machine for creating multiple clones of me with various methods they could think of them they tried to kill each one of them a game that last lengthy for too much time. It's just a game to amuse themselves when its obvious Humans weren't in supply for that assassination to be done. Its something that the Wisers got King Winter involved to transport a piece of Earth to Shadan and have the High Council play that game onto the Humans and Highlanders living there alike."
Nikolas exhaled another breath as he heard from Yana "Guess what else is going on according to this file hmm?"
He eyed Yana to notice she was glaring at the Soulers with her familiar Edenia like glare making him gulp as Jinks was heard "Hunting Humans and killing them is something the High Council was doing to the Humans on Shadan in a game against the Humans versus Highlanders. They managed to get the other species involved in doing it but they didn't take the hunting theme literally. Instead the other species thought the Humans had to be extinct from their planetary worlds and feared despite they know the truth that the Humans are the oldest of all species and didn't come from Edenia and her planet world Humania. Instead Humans came from a backwards out of sight planetary world dubbed Earth despite it's mostly of water as evolution said to that planet that created them."
Nikolas frowned but didn't comment a response as he noticed Yana kept the glare while eyeing the Soulers as Jinks remained silent. 
He spoke "Out with that glaring look on your face Yana!"
He glared at Yana who spoke in response "Files say that the natives of the Zesky Asylum caught on onto this cloning business and was busy copying the High Council as in cloning people too. Mostly Humans who were declared dead by the High Council that had a little piece of them living on that were cloned and created those people again to spite the High Council into thinking their assassination methods worked. This Alexei Zesky created this stunt in response something the High Council caught on and tried to stop by having Mindbender aka my Tom take out Alexei into some sleeping status involving healing. Alexei according to their files wound up cloned by the natives of the Zesky Asylum but his clones came out wrong multiple times. His clones were actually something else am I right to say that the clones were you Soulers?"
Nikolas gasped loudly hearing silence from Jinks as he eyed Yana who added "The Soulers most of them are cloned copies of Alexei Zesky in a male or female form with something to make them themselves."
Nikolas spoke "Most of them, Yana? What do you meant most of them?"
He frowned while eyeing Yana to find her giving him a glare in response he gulped seeing her look followed by her resuming glaring at the Soulers in their seats. 
He frowned as Yana spoke "The High Council didn't actually leave Aire. They cloned themselves as Soulers to please Edenia and her minions."
Nikolas heard loudly "Alright transport Yana, Dalton and Nikolas out now, Meritanians! They said enough!"
He frowned finding the voice sounded of Shad the High Council's speaker to find himself transported to Jinks' penthouse residence into his spare bedroom. He groaned and went to sit down onto the armchair to find Jinks appearing in a light show that landed onto the air mattress onto his back deflating that thing of air. 
He sighed as Jinks gave him a Master's glare and spoke in his creepy voice "I expect to go around as Dalton Montreal when introduced to people and as Lance Richard when that deity is required. Don't bring up the Jinks Montreal persona to me again. I don't care to be that person or take that job."
Nikolas groaned as there was another light show followed by Yana landing onto the bed still holding onto her laptop it folded. He sighed as Yana without a word adjusted her position to sit onto the bed and adjusted the laptop to type onto it rapid fired pace with the Master in control ignoring anything around her he noticed. Nikolas groaned and found Jinks aka Dalton he figured he'll refer him from now on kneeling onto the air mattress's flat status and appeared to have eyes shut while looking like he was mediating to him. He sighed and leaned back onto the armchair and shut his eyes hearing nothing to indicate of the alarm clock and found himself listening to Yana's rapid fired pace typing lengthy lulling him to peer at her. He found his familiar All Seeing One ability flashing into his mind after he shut his eyes and felt disgusted to view what his mind dictated for him to see opened his eyes and stared at Yana. He stared at Yana who ignored him staring to type onto the laptop with the Master in control her mouth into a thin line he sighed. He frowned as his joke sense went off again to his annoyance involving the Meritanians to find himself falling backwards to hit metallic floor. He found himself helped up to stand by the Falcons grabbing his arms and hauling him to stand. Nikolas frowned as there were whining squeals sounded loudly followed by Timer in a robotic fast move going down the stairs leading to the throne chairs and reaching the bottom while robotically rotating in a spin. He frowned while finding Timer quit the spinning to stand on the bottom of the stairs as he peered at the top to find the High Council's familiar speakers Shad and Onya were there seen via a hidden status. 
He formed a glare in response with the Master in control as the male speaker Shad spoke "We want your undivided loyalty or else."
Nikolas kept his mouth into a thin line and refused to speak as he heard "Speak, you have permission to speak."
He sighed hearing that from Anubis he noticed was freed of a restraint around his neck which he opened his mouth to speak only to find the jackal was covering it via a gloved hand. He glared at Anubis to find the jackal was indicating Timer standing on the bottom of the steps by the head thrust in Timer's direction. 
Nikolas frowned hearing silence from Timer only to hear "Just what do you expect me to say other than giving you oaths of loyalty?"
He exhaled a breath hearing the creepy voice of Timer sounding like he had a Master ability himself. He frowned as Timer rotated around and glided towards him to halt once an arm length away. 
Nikolas kept the glare with the Master in control as he heard from Timer again "Interesting trick done onto the Tennans. Injected their favorite servant a pathetic Human with a homing beacon to find the Humans' planet Earth and start up this game of hunting them again onto their home world. Pity I suspect that Edenia already knows of this jokey status done onto her by the High Council cloning themselves as Soulers."
He stiffened as an image flashed into his mind he shut his eyes he concentrated as he heard silence from the speakers and silence from Timer to find the image in his mind flashing onto Yana typing rapid fired paced onto the laptop. He frowned to hear snickering like laughter from the Meritanians to concentrate onto Yana as if drawn to find her halted her typing to look up appearing to see him via his mind and wave a hand in his direction. Nikolas found the image in his mind gone away as he kept on hearing the familiar snickering like laughter from the Meritanians. 
He found his mouth uncovered and opened his eyes finding Timer in front of him speaking "Interesting Nikolas or should I say Barry?"
He stiffened from the name of Barry to glare with annoyance running through him while glaring at Timer to find the being again speaking in response "You cloned Barry to have this form I'm seeing in front of me."
Nikolas stiffened of shock sensing Timer's words were true as he found Anubis going up to Timer and whispering "Your back to the High Council is inappropriate."
He frowned as memories of himself as Barry flashed into his mind he realized with a start that Timer wasn't kidding on his cloning. Instead he kept the glare and didn't comment a response while folding his arms. He found the Falcons adjusted their holds till it was on his shoulders he glared at Timer. 
Nikolas spoke as if compelled "Just who the depths are you, Timer, as you wish to be called?"
He gave Timer a glare in response to find the being rotating a bit till arms came into view sideways he gulped seeing the arms were bony and yellow and odd looking to him in a familiar way making him wonder where he's seen them before. 
He kept on gulping as Timer spoke in response "I'm disappointed High Council that you don't recognize me even with the getup that the Soulers made me wear."
He stiffened as Tom's Berserker side came into his mind including recognizing the arms and hands spoke "Tom, is that you or a clone of you?"
Nikolas heard "Argh!" spoken by both speakers along with hearing "Transport Nikolas as he wishes to be called out of here now, Meritanians!"
He found himself transported back into Yana's presence who looked up from typing onto the laptop with a finger onto the keyboard and got from her "So how's my Tom doing despite his getup anyway?"
Nikolas groaned and went to sit down onto the armchair and spoke "The High Council or whatever name, their calling themselves didn't recognize Tom at first till I pointed it out. How did the Soulers clone him anyway? I got the impression he wasn't able to be cloned."
He frowned while eyeing Yana who in response went into another rapid fired pace of typing onto the laptop ignoring his question as he heard from Dalton "Alexei wasn't the only one who was cloned in their experiments. The natives of the Zesky Asylum have been trying for years to clone Tom with whatever piece of DNA they could get from him. The High Council treasured Tom as their perfect servant and did whatever they could to avoid that cloning status to happen. Hence they tossing him off the planet to go with a High Council group to Earth to do an invasion onto that planetary world to get the Humans underneath their control like any other planetary world their doing at the moment."
Nikolas eyed Dalton who added with eyes still shut appearing to be mediating "The Zesky Asylum managed with pieces of Tom's DNA collected over the years to create a cloned copy of Tom via his Berserker side dubbed Timer as another name for Tom since it was insisted on not use the name of Tomah unsure why."
Nikolas eyed Yana finding Dalton appeared to be mediating and looked like he was attempting to sleep with head bowed and in a kneeling pose. He frowned eyeing Yana who halted her typing by a finger onto the keyboard and gave him a glare with the Master in control. 
"Your staring is rude." He got from Yana who added after he cleared his throat "Tomah is Tom's Mother's name. He managed to admit that to me but is still smarting on why she's not in his life to raise him or give him any love acceptance he wanted in the first place. Hence he desperate to do anything for the High Council for that love acceptance in question."
Nikolas again cleared his throat hearing Yana's voice had an edge in it which she added "He admits he has a father who's a Freeloader as the High Council calls that species that followed him from Uzan his birthplace to Shadan manipulating him and his life. Not sure where or what happened to his father."
Yana paused then continued "From files of the High Council I managed to hack that the group used some peace agreement towards the Freeloaders to trick them into revealing his father and Tom's own sons raised by the Freeloaders. The sons got transported off Shadan by Ramses with memories erased in the process. Something the High Council was trying to do to avoid any cloning statuses done onto my Tom. They feared that the sons would prove to be the key for cloning and transported them off. I'm not finding much in files on Tom's father except to say that there was a transportation order done onto him by Ramses. The files claim that the transportation order was a success and nothing else at the moment."
He again heard an edge in Yana's voice tone saw her resume typing which he spoke loudly "Yana."
He got Yana's attention as she gave him a glare in response which he spoke "Timer is Tom's Father himself isn't he?"
Nikolas got a head shake in a no gesture from Yana making him confused only to hear "Timer is a cloned copy of Tom actually only in his Berserker form used by the Soulers to do various jobs and kept in line by restraints on his form to make him seem like machine when he's not a machine." He heard from Dalton in response.
Nikolas gave up a hiss sound to find Dalton opening his eyes and speaking "I'm surprised that you're clueless of the High Council and their methods by you acting like that when you're supposed to already know of it."
He leaned forwards while in his chair and spoke firmly "Edenia sends her regards, High Council."
Nikolas gave up snickering like laughter in response as he found himself out of the body of Jinks Montreal's clone and back onto his own body in Edenia while lying on the floor of her sanctuary room. He groaned opening his eyes while rubbing a hand over his forehead and heard identical groaning noises sounding off his left. Nikolas clad in his familiar white gonoid skin clothes and long white hair got up finding Brianna lying on the ground groaning like he was groaning. He heard a loud Hmph sound to find Dictator in a fast speed move going to him to thrust out his sword onto his neck.
Nikolas gulped as Dictator spoke in a snarling angry voice "She better be alright from this jokey status you pulled onto Brianna, Edenia.'
Nikolas glared in response removing Dictator's sword off his neck he realized that the male was indicating him as Edenia the moon world's ruler and holder of the Edenia title. Nikolas kept his mouth shut as Dictator thrust back his sword and darted in a fast speed move towards Brianna to kneel next to her holding her hand. He groaned and forced himself to kneel while shaking his head of dizziness from his body jumping move he did. He sensed a presence of someone was staring at him inches away from his face. Nikolas jerked open his eyes to find Arena the Dragon had her eye inches away from him she appeared without a sound to be in front of him. 
He groaned out "Must you do that Arena?"
Nikolas glared at Arena with annoyance within him as she removed her snout face and made purring moves of a cat rubbing her snout onto his front in a cat like behavior purring loudly. He sighed to hear snickering like laughter sounding in Dictator's voice tone he noticed the male was looking at his direction and had mirth in his eyes. 
He ignored Dictator's laughter to hear "Hmph! Love comes in different forms Dictator!"
Nikolas sighed as Arena kept up the purring snout rubbing onto his front despite Brianna's outburst comment. He sighed and forced himself to put hands onto Arena's snout on top of her head and rubbed in response as she kept on the purring behavior. He sighed once she was done by jerking her head away and jumping into the air flying with her leather wings on her back out of sight. 
Nikolas groaned and forced himself to get up speaking loudly "Clones? Here we go again with the High Council. Another piece of the game. Ugh."
He groaned and forced himself to walk out of Edenia's sanctuary temple ignoring Dictator and Brianna making noises of mating to his ears. 
He walked out and into the sunrise of a new day and without a word spoke "Guardian!"
Nikolas didn't have long to wait as there was a light flash showing a male Human with looks of Jinks Montreal on the face with brown hair, including the male's clothes of all black in gonoid animal skins appear in front of him flaring all black eyes.
Nikolas spoke "Let it be known that visitors are forbidden for entering Edenia without suffering from mortal injury even if its via force or not."
He found Guardian as he referred him despite the Jinks Montreal look holding up hands raising them above and speaking loudly "Shield."
He found the sky blinked night to show a moon of rock he recognized as the moon world Edenia's way of disagreeing with his latest order. 
Nikolas found Guardian disappearing in a light show as he kneeled and spoke "Just give me a better idea to protect you from harm. I don't aim to have visitors harming you with destruction hence the shield put in place."
He found himself urged to shut his eyes obeyed to do it to found himself given an image of the High Council's throne room he saw a clone of Jinks Montreal appearing to look like a young Barry by the facial expression in a familiar glare he gulped seeing. 
He kept on watching as Barry flared golden eyes to hear "Barry! Will that evil eyed look away now!"
Nikolas frowned as Barry obeyed but kept the glare in response he gulping to see to focus onto the High Council finding Timer was freed of the Souler gear. He gulped seeing Timer was appearing to look like a bald head Tom without any hair and had golden eyes while appearing to have bony hands and arms including a flesh out muscular form of Tom's but was clad only in a loincloth. He found himself compelled to keep on watching as Barry kept the glare he noticed. 
He frowned Shad and Onya spoke in unison "Tank transport Barry and his evil eyed look out!"
Nikolas found Barry in response speaking gibberish he recognized the language as Builder's chatter and found the male wasn't transported out as ordered instead remained standing staring at the High Council with a glare on his face. He frowned to sense someone staring at him inches away to open one eye to find Arena had her eye in front of his face. 
Nikolas got a tut sound from Arena in response he recognized it as "Keep watching."
He obeyed to keep on watching as if drawn via his mind by Edenia ordering him to watch. Nikolas saw the speakers again speaking their familiar order of transporting Barry out only to find the male speaking Builder's chatter language. He frowned feeling himself confused to what was going on with the High Council and Barry as the male again spoke Builder's chatter till he heard snickering like laughter sounding of the Meritanians loudly. Nikolas recognized the laughter tone as Arena's hissing in a snickering like tone as he kept on watching as Barry disappeared into a light show followed by Timer disappearing into a light show. He found both speakers bowing their heads followed by the High Council behind them acting like they were in pain of headaches by hands grabbing their heads and groans heard loudly. He frowned to what was happening to the High Council as Arena's snickering like laughter got too much for him to open his eyes to with a glare. 
He found Arena out of sight but Guardian standing facing him with arms folded who snarled "Just make up your mind on the shield bit! I got things to do with my mate!"
Nikolas frowned as he found Edenia flashing her familiar sun image in the sky to realize that something had happened to the High Council that would occupy them from landing onto the moon world. 
He spoke firmly towards Guardian "Just go do what you want with your mate now!"
He found Guardian with a sound of disgust disappearing in a light show. Nikolas got up without a word only to find Arena appearing in front of him via a hidden status he assumed she had and was again sticking her eye onto his face. 
He groaned and spoke "I'm clueless to what you and Edenia are up to at the moment."
He glared at Arena who quit her eye peering to speak in her guttural language he finding himself understanding her "The natives of the Zesky Asylum when they cloned Alexei were doing it to find something of his thought process in his mind wound up creating the Soulers who mentally linked via mind courtesy of the Freeloaders' influence of having that happen. Like the Freeloaders' mental link among females always knowing what's in their minds while males stay out. The High Council forgot about that mental mind link when they cloned themselves and the Soulers together, which that mental mind link wound up activating actually by the Meritanians on Barry's orders. Every single Souler focus onto the males will know instantly what the High Council is thinking via that mental mind link and nothing can stop that link not even the Meritanians. That's something the High Council will have to learn by themselves which will occupy them for awhile. Hence Edenia disagreeing with your shield order."
He sighed and didn't comment a response to Arena's words as she again gave up purring sounds and rubbed her snout onto his front. He sighed again and rubbed his hands on top of her eyelid finding her eyes shut and she appearing to like it while again giving off her purring noises. 
Nikolas heard snickering like laughter sounding of Dictator's voice to him making him annoyed to speak "I don't find this funny and quit laughing now Dictator!"
He found Arena in response giving off a puff of air onto him followed by her jerking her head away from him and puffing out flames of fire into a direction while giving off a loud sound of disgust. He sighed as Arena without a word faded from view as indicating a hidden status and shifted to look in the direction there she puffed fire. He found Dictator in view shaking off dirt on his form appearing to be ashes he saw as he gave the male a glare. 
Dictator spoke "Alright it's not funny but it's funny that a gonoid would favor a manoid like that after awhile of not doing it. Arena has been usually standoffish towards manoids enough to not want anything to do with them and kicking them out of her nesting spot as in picking them up and dumping them into the nearest body of water. She hasn't been doing that behavior towards manoids in awhile. I'm not sure what's with the behavior change."
He frowned as Dictator without a word walked away he finding Arena appearing from a hidden status to find her getting up in the air via wings and picking up the male with her claws who snarled "Arena!"
Nikolas found Arena flew up into the air and kept her hold onto Dictator. He groaned as he heard a loud Hmph sounding off his side. 
He found Brianna standing with arms folded who spoke "Just hope she dumps him into a pool of water for his jokey status of being rude. He's annoyingly rude."
Nikolas sighed and heard a howl sounding of pain loudly along with a light show to find Lance Richard standing with arms folded a glare with his eyes all black.
Nikolas spoke "What?"
He glared at Lance Richard who spoke "Why is Arena dumping her eggs into travel gates including her latest toy this Human dubbing himself Dictator?"
Nikolas groaned only to hear from Brianna "About time she threw that idiot off! He's rude and inappropriate and I don't appreciate his attitude around here!"
He frowned as he eyed the sky to find Lance Richard clapping his hands and snarling "Arena is dumping her eggs into travel gates all over the place. She's made a nest out of the Travel gate's hallway and is busy dumping eggs into there. I can feel it."
Nikolas spoke loudly "Arena! You're wanted here by me!"
He didn't have long to wait as Arena appeared via a hidden status ability which he gestured to Lance Richard who appeared to look nervous as he spoke "Just tell her what you told me."
Nikolas found Lance Richard in response disappearing in a light show as he sighed and got purring rubs by Arena. 
He spoke "I was told a wild story of you making a nest in the Travel gates' hall and dumping eggs into travel gates. Tell me that's just a joke."
He eyed Arena who halted her purring to give out a groan noise followed by her speaking "Not a joke. It's what Edenia orders me to do. What she says I do period."
Nikolas didn't say a word in response as Arena took to the skies and flew away. He sighed and figured that he'll go to the Hayu's camp to tell a story as nourishment. Nikolas walked sensing Brianna following her giving off loud Hmph noises repeatedly. He ignored her and went to the Hayu's camp finding them gathered around logs all appearing to be waiting for his arrival by glares aimed at him. 
Nikolas spoke "Yes I got a story to tell you."
He went to an empty log and sat finding Brianna had joined him and found Hayu staring at him with looks indicating him to speak the story. 
Nikolas spoke in response "On a planet called Shadan now called Aire lived a group named High Council....."

The End?
