

A Friend in the Woods

By 

A. Foster

We all find 
that we need a friend.

Sometimes…
 
What we want is not … 

The same as what we need?


A short note to say…

Thank you!
Thank you very much, 
for supporting, a true dreamer.

God Bless!

"This is a work of fiction.
Names, characters, places, and incidents
are the products of the author's imagination
or are used “fictitiously”.
Any resemblance to actual events,
locales, or persons, living, dead,
mistaken for dead, or undead,
is entirely coincidental."

Thank you.

Table of Contents


1. The Landing

2. Fear

3. Lonely

4. Getting to know you?

5. Meetings

6. Careful what you want?

7. First Impressions

8. Maxel

9. The Way Home

10. Help, Least Expected

11. Stay or go?

12. Seasons

13. Extinction and Denial

14. Queen Everlasting

Hail to the Queen

 “The Edge of Nowhere!”
A  teaser first chapter… just for you.

Notes and Acknowledgements

God Bless America!

1) The Landing

It was a quiet, cold morning. The people were happy and things were as they should be. Simple! Everyone was busy with their own lives, going about their own business. It was still early but the sky above was dark with snow clouds and the promise of altogether, bad weather. That was not unusual for this time of year. In fact, it was expected. No one minded, because it was anticipated. There was a certain rhythm about things that made the people joyful and content. 

The trees all around had a light dusting of snow from the night before.  They would just be heavier soon. The little ones were mostly bedded down for the cold winter. The larger animals were preparing in their own way, for the freezing. Then, a great thunder roared from the heavens. A boom, a sound like a giant drum followed, then twice more. "Boom. Boom!" There was a bright light shown in and out of the clouds, in and out from view. It was beautiful and terrible all at the same time.

The burning brightness exploded in a ball of fire and continued on a reckless path toward the hard waiting ground. There was still something at the center of the molten light. Something, important! The clouds swallowed the brilliance from sight for a long while then it hit. Whatever it was, found the ground. Not all at once, but rolling like a bouncing ball in a kid's game. Again and again, skipping and hitting trees, pulling them from their roots, or sheering them from their stumps like a lumberjack with a giant ax. The ground trembled with the final blow as the thing came to a sudden, complete, halt. It was positioned crazily against a bolder that had halted its forward motion. If the giant rock had not been in the path, the object would have toppled over yet another cliff to a lower valley below. That would have been another hundred foot drop, or so. 

There, next to the huge stone, the object may have quit moving, but the heat from the descent left the surface smoking slightly and seared in places. No other markings could be seen anywhere on its surface. Just the blackened, charred exterior, that stopped and was now still. The ever-darkening sky ignored the interruption. The storm was going to do a lot worse to the land than just a few trees knocked down if it continued to grow. 
And, that was exactly what was expected, it was the way of the land. 

Two friends… on a rise…
higher than the other hills around them.

"What is it Tes?" Rin chattered to her big friend. They had watched the thing in the sky for several heartbeats. In and out of view, it was ominous and horrifying. Whatever it really was equaled trouble. That was plain enough. They needed none of it. 

"I do not know. I can not see anything past the trees. It was briefly there and then gone. Like a star falling from the heavens." Tes spoke in awe. "We will have to get closer to see well. I think that it is coming down near the big caves." Tes, lumbered forward slowly. "If it overshoots the caves it may end up in the Blade." The Blade! That is… was… the named the people had given the place. It was the definition too for the huge valley to the north of their home. It was a bad place. The ice that never melts could be found there. There were also the “weak” paths, those that looked safe but swallowed travelers. Few entered the Blade and even fewer returned. "It will take us a while to get that far. If we are going to go, and check it out, then we should leave. If it falls past the caves, we will not follow." The last part was more to her self then to Rin. Making a decision to do a thing and keeping it, was a good plan. 

"I can not just leave?" Rin chattered higher in frustration. She glanced to the right and then to the left. Rina always felt like she was being watched. Then after a few moments of hesitation, "Okay, I will go with you." She changed her mind. "You are going to need me. You always need me. Right?" Rina chattered a little lower. "I know you need me."

Tes did not answer. Rina did not notice. She simply figured the answer was yes. 

"I will come with you," Rina stated clearly this time out loud. Her nose twitched in curiosity. Nothing could happen when she was with Tes. So Rin was not afraid. It was okay to be curious. On her own, maybe not so much? But Tes was never afraid. So it was reasonably safe to be inquisitive, or even nosy… if she was with Tes.  Maybe it was her size? Rina, or Rin most of the time… was so much smaller then her big friend. Well, that had been the way of things. Why? The choice! It had been sudden, and Rina liked being able to climb well. There were so many trees here. Thinking about all that made Rina happy. It was good to be happy. It helped keep being scared far away. When they had first come here, Rina had been scared. Not a little, but a lot, and all the time. Tes had promised that nothing would happen, and she had been right up until now. Why should this be any different? So Rina decided that trusting Tes was a great idea.

"Okay then. We agree that if it is farther than the caves we will come back." Tes stated out loud. Was she trying to talk herself out of going somehow? No. Watching the thing in the sky was new.  Tes liked new. Remember. Have a plan and follow it. Tes told herself for the third time, inside her head. "No further than the caves." Tes stood high on her two hind legs for a moment to sniff the air and get her bearing. Good to know where home, was too, as not to be lost later. The best place to start any long journey was on the right path. Know where you come from, so you will know where you can go back to. Then, Tes dropped back down. 

That was a funny thought or maybe even a memory, about home. The very idea was unsettling to her core. Like the feeling(s) she had forgotten something important but knew it would come to her soon enough. It was a disturbing underlying emotion, but the strange thing in the sky, now on the ground could have been, and probably was… the root of the unrest. Obviously, she needed to sort things out for herself. 

A moment later; Tes was off. There was no fan fair, about anything that Tes did. She just made up her mind, and then things happened. 

Tes's bear body was perfect for traveling. In that, she could walk great distances and not be nearly as tired as Rina. They had covered two mountain slopes in distance quickly, but likely there were several more to go. Tes heard Rina breathing hard long before she actually complained. There was no discussion, The big animal simply grabbed her little friend up, and placed her on her own back. Rina hugged Tes's neck with her two tiny arms, and then they moved on. 

The sky above continued to darken steadily. Tes felt the first drops. The smell was extremely strong. There was going to be a mighty storm… raining down upon the land, soon. She picked up her pace. Not many of the “people” ever go north. None want anything to do with the Blade. Because of that, Tes had to make her own way. There was no direct path. It slowed her only a little. Being a bear had many advantages. 

Together, Tes stopped with Rin at the top of a slope. 

"Rin, go up this tree and see. Tell me if we are close or far?" Tes had an excellent sense of direction, but she could use a moment's rest, and it would make Rina feel better to help out. Tes was always aware of her little friend's needs. She had promised her own mother, Liza… she would take care of things. 

Wow. Where did that come from? 

Tes had not thought of her own mother for so long. It used to make her sad, now it filled her with dread. Something bad must be really at hand for the old memories to come back. 

Rina dropped to the ground from Tes's back. "Okay. I can do that right away Tes.” She chattered a bit. Nervous! “Do you think we are close?" Rin waited a moment. No answer. So she waited just a little longer, another moment.  

Finally, Tes looked down at Rina. "Rin, I will be right here. Right here, do you understand? Go, up. I will not wander." Tes assured her small friend. The tone in her voice was serious… calm… and even solemn.   

Rin knew Tes would not leave her but it was good to hear the words anyway. It gave her a kind of comfort, like soft music. Rin ran up the tree as if it were, easy. For a squirrel it was, what would you expect? Climbing that is. Rina being a squirrel found dancing in the limbs the best fun ever. Now she could even help Tes. That was a good thing. That was two good things at the same time! Climbing and helping. 

The gray squirrel felt a rare human emotion, love. Rina had been with Tes since she was born. Rina had been a middle-aged woman at the time too. She had been on her mother's science team as head, planner. Growing up, Rina and Tes were more than friends they were family. Tes was the daughter Rina never had. She had grown older, while Tes was still growing up. As a Lifer, Tes would reach an age and time would stand still. Not so for the little gray squirrel. Not all things were fair. It was never planned that way anyway.

Rina had long life from the upgrades, but not that of a Lifer. That was okay with Rin. It had allowed her to be surrogate mother, wonderful childhood friend, sister's in life and now again mother, aged but not useless. Rina had been there for… all of it. Rina would die, and Tes would go on. That was okay with the squirrel. She was happy to have been in Tes's life at all.  

Rin went all the way to the top and looked. North, toward the Blade there was smoke. Trees, they were on fire in places. There was also flashing lights all around. A memory came back. "Lightning 401." Then it was gone. Rin chattered a little fearfully and let that moment pass. That had been a scary word and what was the other part? That had been an even scarier memory. Rina did not like memories. So she pushed them aside. Tes needed her to be accurate so Rin took another long look. 

Rin glanced up at the sky too. The clouds were mostly black now. The storm was going to be very bad. It suddenly dawned on Rin. She had told no one they were leaving to go and see the fallen thing. No one knew where they were. Rin was going to be in trouble. Tes was going to be in trouble also. Tes would not care. Rin knew that. Tes had broken the rules in the past lots of times. The elders punished her lots too. Then they lost some of their sharpness. The way you know, a blade becomes overused? Dull. Rina was thinking too hard again. She looked all around so she would remember what she saw and then headed back down to the ground. Rin liked this tree, it had a strong smell. That was comforting. 

Rin's stomach ached with hunger and she wanted to go home. Tes needed her. "Stay on task." Rin heard a funny voice in her head. It had been a nice memory. Then it was gone. Rin continued to the ground. 

"And?" Tes asked.

Rin stood in front of Tes. "There is smoke that way." Rin pointed to the north. "Not so far as the Blade, but far." Rina chattered a little nervously again. "Tes I am thirsty. Should we go home? We did not tell anyone we were leaving. They will be angry. You know." Rin chattered on a bit more. 

"You can go back. You do not have to go ahead with me. I think that I need to go and see. I think it is important." Tes was patient. She knew her little friend was scared.  "Nothing here can hurt me. Nothing here can hurt you while I live." Tes continued in a soothing voice. Remember that if forget all else. Never forget. Rin did not look happy or decided on anything. "You like this tree? I know you do. Do this for me. Climb up and stay here. I will be back before the dawn of tomorrow. Stay high and keep watch for me. I will send a signal if I need help." Tes smiled if bears in fact smiled. It was a very reassuring grimace in reality. "You would be helping, me."

Rina liked that immediately. The smell of the tree was a good sign. "I will stay here if you want me to. I will watch for you from the very topmost branch. If there is a signal I will go back and get Father." Rin chattered happier to have a purpose. Usefulness was always important to Rina. Being a squirrel you did not get to be useful, often enough. Well, in Rin's way of thinking. 

Tes took a moment to gaze down at Rin. "Thank you. Staying here will help me." Tes soothed. We are family." Then Tes turned and continued toward the fallen object. There was no more to be said. Besides, talking too much brought more memories. Being a bear was easy. It was a good life.  It did not normally involve so much thinking or remembering. Tes felt suddenly sad. If things went badly, being a bear would only be a memory. 
2) Fear
 
Fear. It starts out sometimes like a small seed in the pit of your stomach. You don't even know that you are afraid until it has grown out of control. Sometimes it hits you like a train wreck with nowhere to run or hide. Then, the fight or flight instinct kicks in quick. The problem, who to fight or where to run? Traumatic events usually set the stage in either case. Falling out of the sky and hitting the ground, well that was traumatic no doubt. In fact, that was top of the list for most anyone. 
  
It was black. No lights at all. Had the power completely gone out? Why was nothing on? Captain William Jakes blinked fiercely. He rubbed his hand across his forehead and felt the wetness of his own blood? Somehow he had cut himself in the crash. The net that covered his seat in case of emergency impact must have failed. Maybe not completely as he was still very much alive. But, failed… in some way that resulted in his current predicament. Why was nothing on? The emergency lights should at least give him enough brightness to see the displays. Black! Everything was black.   

William's head ached. He slowly felt for the buckle at his breast with his right hand. Found the strap and followed it to the latch. Not thinking clearly he opened it. His body having been released from the restraints that were still in place fell forward against the panel, which should have been in front of him, but now was below.

"Ouch!" Jakes exclaimed out loud to no one. The ship was on its side. Clearly, his hammock net was not the only thing that had not diploid correctly. Carefully, Will moved off the switches and dials trying not to cause further damage to the ship. He kept reminding himself to alter the direction of the floor, to help himself… get around. 

"Well," Jakes said to no one. "Might as well open the hatch and see how bad things really are." Everyone in the force received standard protection and anti-venom shots. Most all known viruses were handled. Anti-venom shots covered everything known to be dangerous to man, encountered up to date. So survival was a lot about the weather and possible wildlife. Sluggishly Jakes crawled across the small cabin, avoiding buttons and panels the best that he could in the dark. Then his hand felt up and along the wall. The keypad was there, ready for his touch. 

It was breathable outside. That is what the breakdown had read. "Earthlike".  Somehow that was less reassuring from his current point of view then it had been at the briefing. Methodically he punched in the code. Nothing. He swore under his breath just a little and hit cancel. Then he re-entered the code. Maybe he had made an error the first time. Or maybe it would not open at all? Or maybe he was trapped? Was the ship on its side? He must have put the code in wrong the first time, as the door slid back and away, revealing the outside. 

William Jakes did not have to guess any longer as to what happened to all the lights in the cabin. They may even be on right now for all he knew. Jakes would have no idea. As the outside was the same as the inside. It was black. Black! William Jakes was blind. The immediate panic of the moment threatened to take his calm completely. Somehow he had suffered an injury in the crash. It must be worse than he thought, but the implications were deadly. That was Jakes's first taste of real fear. The question then, was their power at all? The hatch opened. Or was that a fail-safe mechanism. It would be set to work regardless in case of emergency. That fits this scenario. 

Jakes's jumpsuit was on the thin side. A shiver ran down his back. It was cold here at night. The smell of water along with the wind on his face told him he had landed just before a storm. There was a crackle in the air; he could feel the hairs on his neck stand up. It was followed by a mighty thunder. Jakes stepped back further into his ship and hit the panel to close the hatch. It moved as it should, back into place. Well, something worked. That was reassuring. Or, at least it should be. I guess he was trying to convince himself that it was a good thing. The door would open and he could get out. Get out and go where? Jakes was blind. Blind! 

The swish noise of the doors finally locking into place felt ominous. Of course, Jakes had been trained in all the survival classes for his rank. There was some gear in the pod. If there was power, then he could call out for help. If there was not, the emergency beacon would bring someone, sooner or later. The beacon was not extremely strong, but there was the possibility. It was the latter part of that statement that might be a problem.  If he remembered right; there were indigenous life forms on this piece of dirt. Somewhere south of his last remembered; accounting, there was a small colony also. If his ship had not drifted from that trajectory, then it was still a very long way, as the crow flies. That was a fleeting good thought, "as the crow flies". Thinking like that had brought him far. Jakes was always saying funny things, or at least that is what he had been told his whole life. Regardless, that was a long hike. Oh, and which way was south? If his sight did not return, he was going to have to stay right where he was and hope for the best. 

Captain William Jakes was six foot, two hundred five pounds and muscled well. He had a relatively pleasant face and nice hair. It was simply brown and wavy. Normally all of that would have invoked a certain amount of confidence. He was smart, according to the “Tests”, very smart. That had landed him in flight school. Normally that was for the natural born but Jakes had shown exceptional ability. That had made him very valuable. Yes, Jakes had been well trained his whole life. He was also brave by general standards. Being blind however had never once come up. Jakes did not feel too confident at the moment.  Fear was not something he was used to. In fact, he was really not supposed to feel fear at all. It had been trained out of him. More specifically, it was supposed to have been bred out of him. William Jakes was not a clone, nor a natural born. He was improved and injected. He was an IAI. That was way more human than a clone. 

No one mentioned being blind? That was Jakes's final thought about it. There was nothing to do… but move forward as he could. In this case that really meant; hurry up and wait. 

 Make a plan, have a plan. That was another odd thought. Jakes had always had funny ways. Like planning three steps beyond what was necessary. Blind, however, that was more than a three-step process. That was even more than a few steps. It was miles. In the best of possibilities, it would take retraining. This was about just surviving. Fear! There it was. It was a feeling that took his breath away every time he gave it a chance. So he tried very hard no too. 

"Make a plan, have a plan." The feeling passed a bit. At least it receded farther away in his mind. 

Several long heartbeats and Jakes worked at calming his insides. It was better. Then it was not. "This is not an important planet." The small voice in his head began to take him further down a bad way. It was a path into his, own personal black place. 

Maybe it would be better with the hatch open? At least the outside smelled okay. It was a little cold, but tolerable according to basic training standards. 

So Jakes felt for the cubby that held the emergency gear. It was normally right where it should be on the wall, but since everything was sideways, it took longer. Everything was going to take longer now. The only thing that was important about that, it was going to take a long time for anyone to find him. Time was something Jakes was going to have plenty of. It was going to go by very slowly too. Jakes felt sick. It was sudden, so he threw up in his own hands, trying not to make a mess everywhere. That was not smart, now how was he going to wash them.  Jakes was rattled. 

Jakes moved away from the cabinet that held the warm jacket he was going to retrieve and headed toward the reclamation station. There he struggled a moment with the door, and it slid back into the wall. Jakes stuck his hands into the available box opening. It worked. There was a swish sound, very low. A moment later his hands were clean. Perhaps things were not as bad as he thought. Jakes grasped at every positive notion he could find, to hold back the overwhelming fact he was blind. Every time he said it out loud or thought it in his head, he wanted to get sick again. That, however, was not going to help. The training professors would have sent him back to basic. The fear was so strong on him, that even they could not miss it. 

The taste in his mouth and the smell in his nose of vomit, it was strong.  Water? A drink would help. He twisted out of the reclamation area and felt around for the kitchen station. Jakes found the end of the hose and turned the valve. There was an odd gurgle sound, then water very slowly came out the end. The upside is that it was working at all. The downside is that the emergency pump was working and the regular power was off.  Well at least to the water supply. What else was on or off, working or junk would have to be checked. That helped a little. Focus on something to do. 

Jakes sat down hard on the titled surface of his ship. He was overwhelmingly tired. Actually, more than likely he was also in overwhelming distress. Shock! The fact that he had lived at all through a might crash, and was walking around said a lot about the engineering of his ship. Jakes tried to put things into perspective. Water yes. Food…, maybe? There was some, probably in the emergency kit. So that was also a yes. For a while he should be okay. Maybe he could hold out for a couple of weeks. The water, however, would only go seven days. Jakes could stretch that a bit. Another three or four days, but that was the end. Maybe get an even dozen days. It was all still not very long in the scope of the situation. Dehydration, and death now the enemy too, along with time However, the bad weather could be a blessing. An idea suddenly washed over Jakes, like cold water! It was about to storm outside. That meant water. The information about this planet stated, Earthlike. That would mean that the water, rain or snow may or should be drinkable. 

Jakes began to think hard about the ship and what could be used as a collector for the all too precious resource. His body ached, he still felt sick, but a tiny voice said, "Get a plan, have a plan." In a way it was irritating. Maybe it was his survival training. But that small part of him always pushed him to do the right thing. Since he could barely think more than a step or two at a time his head hurt so bad that was important. Jakes felt around for items from the galley. Collection boxes, of any kind… plastic lined drawers, whatever. Methodically, he piled them. by the hatch. That was it. There was at least six and he was done. Jakes felt along the wall for the release to the main hatch, and found it. A “swish” sound followed. Jakes was greeted by a strong wind and light sprinkles. He tried to gather the best containers and set them on the ground outside the ship. Jakes's hands shook.  He felt sick and could barely keep from throwing up again. He figured he was in shock surely, maybe a skull fracture. The injury to his head had stopped bleeding and caked up. Yet the inside, felt like rocks, rolling and tumbling about. Jakes struggled to get back inside the ship and close the hatch. Lightening raced crossed the heavens and the boom of thunder; was deafening. Jakes hurried. 
 
"Get a plan, have a plan."

Once again inside the entryway, a part of Jakes felt like sleeping. His eyes, closed or open? What would be the difference? Jakes could not see. The space man was safe inside the ship. That is safe from the outside. It was shock and coma that threatened his life now. Time would tell if that were fatal.  

There were choices. He could have left the hatch open. It might have helped him focus and stay awake.  However, if unwelcome visitors came along he could do very little to protect himself. The storm was also getting worse. So the weather was going to be a problem. Jakes was unsure as to how long the storm would last after it hit. He really had no way of knowing or even checking his instruments. He was aware; however, the squall would cause even greater interference regarding the emergency beacon. That was obvious. Would the small signal even get out at all, considering the electrical charges going off all around? If there was thunder, there was surely lightening. It was loud, nearly on top of him already, and getting louder still. It must be quite a show Jakes, thought to himself. Too bad he could not watch it.  

“If welcome visitors did come along”, Jakes smiled. He might be saved or at least safe. "Maybe I should put out a welcome mat?" Jakes thought with a bit of irony. His sense of humor had been an issue in training. It was not good to have one. That is what his instructor had stated more than once. They tried to remove it from him. They tried beating it out of him... repeatedly at times. They tried other measures, all too no avail. 

Well, if he did have visitors, just walking by, the marooned man could only guess what they would see, except a giant black ball of twisted metal? The burned smell that overpowered everything, told Jakes it was doubtful of little else. Anyone with common sense; would think there were no survivors at all. 

The colony or infestation on this rock was not really important. Their technology was not high. They, “the company” did not consider them an issue, but that did not make them automatically friendly.  The planet had been cataloged for ultimate immigration of the future inner planetary overpopulation, nothing else. And that would not be for decades with all the new advances. So again, this was a far away place, and that made rescue less possible. 

Then, the lost man felt his legs go just a little numb. Jakes found he did not care. His stomach also rumbled, and he could not think of the last time he ate or drank anything. Yet, he just sat. Funny; how the ship landing on its side made everything almost comical? Wow, the man’s basic training was a bit short on this type of emergency. 

"Do you think anyone will ever find you here?" It was not a good idea to say that out loud again. Bad enough to hear it inside, but giving it voice had so much more power. Jakes's eyelids became very heavy and he lay down on the hard… slanted floor. What did it matter if he just slept here for a while? Right here, as compared to anywhere else? No one would know he was not moving forward. That would have gotten him removed from rank. No one stopped moving forward. That meant that the "People" were not being advanced. Humans had to be advanced. That is what it was all about. Well, not at this very moment. William Jakes was going to let himself off the hook. He was going to let himself be, human. 

Having left Rin behind at the enormous tree, Tes could move much faster. Rin would be safe from predators and safe from her own personal fears. Telling her to keep watch would give Rin just what was needed to make her focus. Rin was a good assistant. Assistant! There, it was another word that Tes had thought to never know again. Knowing a thing, like a word and its definition makes you strong. Truth and light could never be held down. But knowing too much about things you wish you did not, is regret. That is a feeling that Tes knew well. That and sorrow. Lastly was fear. 

Feelings were always stronger than words, 
but the words set the feelings into motion. 
Then the memory re-lives again fresh,
 and sets things that happen now, 
forward along a path.

Regret. That was a sad remembered emotion. Tes did not wish to dwell on it. So she let it pass. She let it drift away into the darkness, the shadows, between the big trees. Oh…, then there was sorrow. That also had to be passed by for the moment. There was no time to drag up or dwell on images barely still outlined, at this moment. The lightening overhead dancing overhead, while pails of water were pouring out. 

She never let her self-dwell on that one. Maybe that is why she liked being a bear. Animals never fixated on anything except their next meal. 

Well, maybe she was not a bear. But she was at least the closest thing to that kind of animal Tes's mother could define for Tes, by imprint.  It had four legs, a large warm furry body, and sharp teeth. When the choice came, and they were all made to hide; the bear form was perfect for Tes. The body structure had been a good place to stay hidden; and still be protective. Bears; well they were called something else here…here on this planet. But they were very similar. 

The giant animals did not fear much on this world. The beasts, that is, in general, were considered the higher animals in size and girth among the rest. They… go where they wanted, and did what they wanted anytime, every time. They have never had any real responsibilities, and no enemies of their stature. 

This planet had been very similar to their home world. That is why Tes's mother had put this one… in the top place, the highest one on the list. "List"? It was another word, another memory. They were coming faster now. Tes knew nothing good would be ahead. It did not stop her forward motion. It only made her more resolute in the journey.  

The oversight by the Company, by those in charge at the time, was a serious one. They controlled the scientists or rather presumed that they did. The ultimate "Project", the boundless immorality, barely concealed by any… was all too real. It or rather “they” thought good men and women would peacefully hand over their man-made miracles. Why not? Perfection always just ahead!

If you have free thinkers, like scientists there is going to be trouble. It is their career in life to question things. It is not out of the realm of possibility they would also have or develop a conscience. Maybe they always had one, but it had to be reawakened. The Shifting brought that awakening. Before that time, there was only the war. The war that went on and on forever was sometimes in the front lines, sometimes behind, but always deadly to many.   

The conflict according to Liza was between the Bloods and Clones. The Bloods were the human beings that refused upgrades. People that thought it was vain to tamper with fate. On the other hand, there were those that "more" were never enough. Better athletes, workers, thinkers, oh and soldiers too. What a great idea? That was the birth of the clones. Human beings had created a whole sub race to use and abuse. They did just that. They were still doing it. 

Then there was the IAI's. They had been upgraded but had real mothers. So they were true-born. Sadly they did not fit either side. They were not true Bloods and they were not Clones. The factures of society continued. 

The hostilities against slavery had been repeated throughout history. This was just another stage of it. Sadly, with Shifting and the ability of long life added, the soldiers produced would be nearly undying. Confrontation, mêlée, struggle and murder… the killing… would never end.  

War
A religion for the dead;
that are still alive, waiting for the hell,
of the next world… that has no end!

Tes's mother did not know that her daughter would be both a shifter… and long, of years. How long? That was unclear. That also was the goal, of every hand in the jar. It did not matter. One or both, the outcome would have been the same. Tes's mother did not want Tes to end up in the clutches of the people. She had risked her own life to save her daughter, and her followers. They were a group of scientists that had all been her friends, as well as her associates. 

There were gaps in Tes's memory concerning the “people”.  She knew they would fill up, and the details return.  Sadly, maybe mother did not know everything that was going to happen, and that is why I know fear? It was a terrible core-awareness. Words mulled over and accepted. Tes thought only to herself. 

“Mother knew many things when she was working with the sciences of life.” Tes pondered low, her voice barely a growl in the dark. It was not heard by anyone or anything anywhere. 

The clouds above grew even darker. The rain started to fall. It had already done so in places, but now, overhead a torrent unleashed. 

Tes moved on, through the mud. Her body making easy, or at least as easy as it could be. The cold, the temperature lowering… but still unnoticed. No reason too. She was well suited for this task. However, other things about everyday stuff were unclear. Some of the time, she remembered it was hard to know the why of things? While at others, it was sure and easy. 

Perhaps it was the action; the changing, and shifting, then holding a form for too long? Any of it, all of it, regardless; was connected to the past. 


Can you know too much?

Does knowing some things…
 Color or discolor; the simple ability to learn other new things?

Fear! How long had it been since Tes remembered feeling dread? It left a cold ugly taste in her mouth. Memories pressed at the edges of her mind and she pushed them back. As long as there was hope, then Tes would continue as before. So she walked on at a faster pace. Trepidation, apprehension… would not win here. This place had been safe nearly beyond her memory. That was long indeed… 

Why now?

Why would it be different now?

This entire event, this whole incident could be something simple? Tes was thinking too much. That was unsafe. She was anxious. No amount of thinking, planning, risking and forgetting would fill every gap. For now, Tes was a bear and there had been a shooting star. Wow. It was a cheerful thought only hours ago. It had been a wondrous thing in the sky to see. Now, it had substantially lost its shine.  

3) Lonely
 
William Jakes opened his eyes. Darkness, greeted him. Then he remembered. “Would have been nice,” He smiled sadly. “if it had been a bad dream!”

 If he could see, then the clock on the wall would have been visible. It was not. But that changed nothing. It was midday. That is at least aboard ship. Jakes had been passed out or asleep… (the same?) or both for over four hours. He felt sick still. His body hurt from the impact of the crash and the failing emergency measures. That really was only the tip of things. The gash in his head and his blindness had left him weak and defenseless. 

Shock
 a medical condition;
 associated with sudden, grievous…
 and… often… life threatening events…

Time was his worst enemy. Five minutes, five hours, five days, it was hard or possibly impossible to tell? Well mostly. Days, of course, he would sleep. 
then wake and check and check again. He could feel the change of weather, on his skin, on his face, on his body. But this planet was not just alike… all the rest. So time was again, relative? 

It did not really matter the moment, but it might soon, if he let things go… 

Sleeping too often? That would be depression. Hum. Captain William Jakes was already finding being blind a challenge beyond all his training. He could walk. The numbness in his legs had subsided. That was good. He did not feel any real damage anywhere but the gash in his forehead. That was plenty. After giving it a lot of consideration, he figured he had both shock and a concussion. That is why he was vomiting. Nothing to really do about it, to help in any way! He should not sleep, if possible. There was little he could do about that either. His will to fight, was waning.  

Then Jakes remembered the plastic bins for water. He fumbled his way to the hatch and released the door. "Swish". The metal entry hatch opened and the heavy door flew upward, creating a relatively good shelter from the rain. It was an awning at least, providing some protection. Four of the six bins had turned over. Jakes righted them. The other two had over an inch of water. He poured them together into one to bring back inside and set the other collection bin back out. The effort of all that work left him exhausted once more. Jakes grasp the sides of the plastic bin containing the liquid to go inside, and struggled to complete the task at hand. After placing the water in a safe place he returned and closed the entry door. It did not slam, but slowly… complied and sealed tight.  
Jakes had not seen or heard anything for a long time. There had only been the sounds of weather. The storm had lessened a bit, but rain was still coming down… in a drizzle. Was the span; an hour, two, three, a day, a night, a day and a night, or just five minutes in emptiness alone?  

This funny world he had crashed on had two suns. So it was full, day or dusk most of the time. It was never really nighttime, or dark. Jakes would even welcome that somehow. 

The man longed for the sun, the real sun of home. He could finally be warm again with… just a bit of sunshine. But the clouds and storm had persisted. That had provided him with water, enough for a while, after several trips. So it was a good thing. But back to the point at hand; “Time. A little or a lot?”. When you are blind and your head hurts, it seems to be the exact same thing. In fact, a little might even seem like a lot, but it is still only a little. It could drive you mad if not trained. Jakes was trained. That is what he kept telling himself.  

The truth was that William Jakes was afraid. Jakes was terrified and abandoned. Jakes was thinking about sleeping a lot. He found he could think of little else. Jakes was thinking about dying. 

In the word to south, the giant blue bear,
lumbered ever closer…

Tes, still on the path, ever moving forward… to find the thing from the sky, felt funny. This whole incident was like a dream she had already had, only this time she was living it. The fire and smoke smell had made her remember. Tes hated memories. They were seldom good.  

Another flash came to Tes. A traumatic picture outlined inside her head that peeled away years of peace. 
Men, Soldiers and Destruction!

 Real horror, tangible, threatening and growing accompanied every flash now of the lightening in the sky. The brilliance of a past, with searing burns re-injured, reopened. 

 Fear! Something she never thought about as a reality. It was more like a fail-safe. Long before she could see it, plans were already made and placed in motion. Images, trees far in the distance, all alight with the terrible glow of fire, death, and destruction.   More than words, but words that brought feelings. Feelings best not felt but forgot. 

"There may not be a choice." The tiny voice that always helped her take the best path, whispered. So nothing was set in stone. Tes would just go and see.  

The animal… continued. The “thinking” was too much like something else. The bear was better. The path ahead was easy enough. From the rise where Tes stopped to get a good look at the crash site, it did not appear the fire was going to spread. The woods here on this planet were “Green Deep”. They were old. That also meant they were very, full of water. It is how Rina would describe them anyway. Once she had chosen her creature, her way of thinking also took on unusual qualities. Instead of Rina… it was more Rin each day, from the first, until what would likely be the end.  

The green deep aspect of this planet made it a perfect place to “be”. The reasons were many. The top, technology and water were never the best of friends. 

Why Tes thought of that too, put her in a terrible mood.

Green deep!

That is also what the scientists called the beginnings of "Peace", green deep. It was a reference to the time of change. Words with meanings, plus secondary definitions… flashed in her head. Maybe because it brought the same experience, lived through, forgotten and lived through again? Shifting, was as if living many lives at the same time, but only actually having one to call your own. Sadly, the harshness of the process painful, too hurtful to desire repeats. 

You start thinking a certain way… and then you are okay with things, “that way”. That is better than dying and safer for everyone. Right! Well? Better than giving up what “they” all knew and killing millions. Each soul should always consider, just because you can… should you? Scientists… men, and women that still had just a few m orals left, were running. They were escaping chaos, for as long as possible, forever if attainable. Their secrets were valuable, even priceless, every dime worth murder, to most. Evil in all forms, wearing faces, both high and low; with their joint goal, ever eternity and immeasurable power. 

The light perseverant!

“Them”… Michael Wilder, and the government? Company? Who knew? A black… unnamed face that fed the war machines was ever the visage of ugliness. Building better weapons? It was all a direct result of building a bettering human race. Or at least that is how it was presented. Now all of them, clever doctors, turned lab rats overnight… were running, fleeing and hiding, the best way they could. It was a bitter choice. The alternative giving evil exactly what it desired, without a fight, or trying to repent. 

The forgetting part…was part of the process. The shift, or rather the change, the new form, the new structure, the new life, was never supposed to be permanent. But, it could be, if desired. That was a bonus to many. They had to leave their whole lives and commit. They could not go back. They could not have even one tie. They, lost, everything they had. Their families, their friends, were all gone. It was a price to be paid, and a sacrifice. It was the only way, to commit to peace. 

All the others had chosen peace and the healing power of forgetfulness. That was also the word(s) the Scientist's had used to describe the outcome of long-held change. Tes only had a portion of that. She was not like the others. She was cursed with the next generation of Science. Yes, she could take shape. That is how she became a bear in the first place. She did not know peace easily, and it was just as easily broken. 

Once a shifter has/had chosen a form, the shift was then well thought out as much as possible. It was not an easy process. But in the end… there was peace, and even forgetfulness. If it is a good match, the right match, there is then afterward… acceptance. 

Tes would never know either fully. She was never truly at peace, as she was still protector of all. That meant the complete process was not possible, at its core idea, for her or her line. And if she could not find peace, there would never be forgetfulness. So there was loneliness instead. Yes, she had Rin, a good friend. Tes also had father… sometimes. The old owl was still alive, but less and less, “awake”. So truly, there was no one and would never be anyone… else.  

Life, other than her, own small group of runaway refugees, consisted of… a few miners, and very few settlers…, all very unfriendly. Tes was aware of their presence, when they first arrived… years before. The “people” her people, avoided them, as they were seen as a connection to the outside.

Sadly, none of her lifestyle, and its ultimate choices would ever have been necessary if not for the wars. The endless fighting for “more” was always the root cause. The outspoken or publicly announced reason was the only change to the written reality. 

Tes stopped a moment and looked up at the dark clouds. The light rain had stopped, but the storm was not over. Flashes of light in the distance promised more, so much more. All of her memories warned her that this was bad. Tes found she was both exhilarated and terrified. She lumbered on. 

“Focus on the task at hand.”… Small, barely remembered sounds, formed into words. “Act, do not react to anything. Do everything by way of a plan.” Stronger words followed. “Make a plan, have a plan, stay with the plan, stay on the plan.” Father's lessons from her early years rattled off in her head. It was a silly memory of a great owl; a teacher, spouting human words and thoughts to her from a stump in a clearing. Like something out of a kid's story in her mother's own memory. That reminiscence now shared with her directly on levels only possible through years of experiments. 

A bear made of honey, was in it? How could a bear be made of honey? That did not seem right? But, it did not matter. It made her happier to think about it. 

More importantly, Tes had a second gift. She was extremely long-lived. Forever, well maybe, who knew? That is exactly what was desired. It was the ultimate gold, the treasure sought for since the beginning of time. The two aspects, either one or both… shifting and/or living; the government or any self-respecting pharmacy company would kill to possess. More memories came back… flooding in… to Tes as she moved on. All of the happenings of this day so far… weighing on her heart heavily. It was all successfully waking up every part of her mind. Flashes and more flashes, they were hers, her mother's, her father's? Tes had their whole lives, their knowledge, their memories, their emotions; to use. The information however coming at her so fast; easily too much, had to be sifted or pushed away, lest madness ensue. 

The ones, the pictures and the emotions from her father, they were dark indeed. Those Tes knew right away, how to separate from the rest. It was a necessity. It was the only way to be safe. His heart had been full of "More". That is the word the memories brought back, amplified. More of everything! Nothing would ever be enough! 

More! More! More!

No time to sort feelings and memories, especially unwanted ones at the moment. So shoving them aside was best. All of it was hard to be sure. Confusing and mixed up thoughts; only helped the darkness get darker all around. When the past came back it was always a jumble of pictures to be puzzled over. That is why Tes loved the "peace" feeling. Perhaps this whole trip was a waste? Maybe, it was just a rock, and nothing more. “I can forget again, even if it takes longer to happen." Tes spoke low, to no one. She was tring to make her self feel better. One thing was very sure. Danger was in the wind and Tes was not including the storm in that conclusion. 

Just at that moment, a giant flash of lightning streaked across the sky. It came from the far mountain range, across the heavens, toward the south… directly overhead. Tes counted to her self eight full breaths then, thunder hammered in response. The worst had not even started. The drizzle began again, but it was just the start. The land would be rocked. Sadly, Rin would be afraid Tes thought. But she would not leave the top of the great tree. Rin above all things was loyal. 

Tes picked up her own pace. Better to hurry and get this over with.  

The big bear form, still fought with her real self inside. The two pieces of the same person were ever at war.  There was ever the smallest chance this was just a random accident. Perhaps it was just or maybe… only… a rock from space. "Meteor" flashed in her mind. That was the word. Yes, Tes was waking up. She had only just barely been asleep at all in comparison to the total time on this planet, but it had been nice. The real Tes, not the bear was unhappy. Sadly, if this was an unimportant event, all of this thinking and remembering would be futile. 

The damage would be dire for Tesandra Mayweather. The difference between now or today; and the long before time… was Tes's age of acceptance. She was not a little kid anymore. All the others, from her original landing party… had been grown-ups when she was very young. They were still all around her, at least some anyway. But they were blissfully asleep, while still others had passed on. 

Well, maybe not so much Father? He was still here. His name had been Andrew Als'right. Doctor Als'right, Sir, to everyone in power at the time. To Tes however, it was just Father. He had been the head scientist for the project. He was not anyone’s real father in the group. His placement had much to do with his position, but it equaled out evenly.  

When her own mother, Liza Mayweather had been taken…, Dr. Als'right stepped in and raised Tes as his own. He was not the only one, they all helped, but he was the closest to real family in her heart. Rin… Rina… was ever the doting type, but not the solid foundation of a real parent. The Owl man was still as watchful as he could be, even now… years beyond his normal span. An owl had been a good choice for him. It readily reflected his calm position, and swift but not hasty, measured judgment. They, owls that is, are long-lived without the intervention by science. But with that added to the mix, the years were stretched extra tight.

 Tes was always pleasantly surprised when the real Father, not the owl would speak with her. It had been less and less over the years. Forgetting is peaceful. It was Tes that did not forget. For her, it was more like being in a light sleep, at its best. It was the kind of rest where you always wake up with just the slightest change in any of the surroundings. Weather, loud noises, and rocks falling from the heavens all qualified. Holding and focusing on pleasant memories made the forgetfulness return but it took time. It also made the changes all around, easier to accept, the forgetfulness that is. Tes would outlive everyone she ever knew. 

Unlike the other scientists, that had their DNA changed directly. They had all taken measures to become something they were not. Tes however was special. She had been born with her gifts.  Her DNA was considered the best of both contributors. 

Shifting and long life was the highest projected outcome of the experiment. Having either one was worth a fortune, but together? The benefits of having both were limitless. It, the new DNA would be used to make excellent soldiers in the company clone facilities. A recipe for disaster, Mother… Liza… would tell her… to know and remember forever, back then in the years before the choosing. Their breakthrough, based primarily on Liza’s direct advancements, and those of the other scientists on her team, would have led to more war, and more killing. The cycle that never ends would be given eternal abilities, the very immorality of it… unthinkable. Father… called it feeding the beast. When he said it, there was an ugly shadow in his eyes. Father had seen much, and forgetting had been a good thing for him as a man. The sadness in his heart would have always followed him. An owl, at least can be free, at times. Humans are not meant to carry black things; pain, suffering… around forever. Sometimes they do. But they should not. 

The wars on Gama Six and Azar Twelve had waged for years. Many were not even sure now, why they still fought? There was no end in sight there either. Also on four other planets in the realm, civil war… and unrest… were very common. Local rulers changed with the wind in these places. The larger ruling of all people, and all the places, across the realm… was still in the ultimate hands of home world. 

Real humans were costly to train and keep. Clones however…  Now that was another story entirely. You could make or rather grow… a clone at little cost, raise them, feed them what you like, teach them only what they need to know… and basically turn them into a slave race. No one would care. No one did. It happened all the time already. They… were not just as advanced as some wanted them to be. They wanted more… More “uses”…, ever further crossing the line that should never have been crossed at all. “They” were used, material(s) to be bent and shaped, melted and poured to fit.  

If you needed a new kidney, a heart, better eyes? All you had to do was order a clone. That was a bit inhumane according to some. So they started to be more specific, which was cloning just parts. But there was always a need for a whole soldier. A whole worker to go into places deemed unsafe for humans. Oh, but always safe enough for clones. That being stated, if you could make a better clone, then that would just make a better slave race? They could do more jobs, and fill more cracks in the world of the human race? 

There was no moral code or ethical response for nonhumans, by anyone. That was the thinking of the system the scientists had chosen to flee. That is how Father, Dr. Als'right, and the others ended up on Omega. That is where Tes was now, ever moving toward her goal. Everything was connected. 

First, the team left the Science Station orbiting Mars quietly. It had been close, but Father had made plans ahead. Liza Mayweather and the others made it free that night. Maybe forever, maybe not, is what they all had thought. But every moment they could hold off giving the Company more power to feed the war machines was worth it.  They had stayed on Zira for several years. It was the water planet Father had picked for their re-homing. By accident, a Freight Ship had crashed there as well. The ending of that was not good. Liza had gotten everyone to the emergency vessel, but herself. The sacrifice she made was not forgotten by any of her team. They were all close. Tes had been left alone in that event, so the Scientists were truly her new family. Father then brought them all to Omega. That meant the end! Well, Father told her it was their last place to hide. Tes guessed the end fit? 

The second move had been very hard on everyone. That was or had been the escape from Zira. The company had not followed them to Omega, or at least Father believed they had escaped again. Father had worked up all kinds of scenarios to be prepared. That is where her mother Liza had picked up the habit, being so prepared. It was very helpful at the time. 

Tes's mother, Liza… being captured had been very bad for everyone. The hardest of course had been on Tes herself. Father had been there to pick up the pieces. Well the best that anyone ever could anyway. He had held her and all the others together, when hope had been nothing but a small… seed. Now it was time for Tes to do the same. That is what the tiny voice in her mind told her heart.  

Zira had been beautiful. It had been a water planet. Tes remembered suddenly, that she could be a fish if she wanted too. In fact, she could shift to a dozen different types of underwater creatures. Somehow… being a bear for so long had made her forget the fish, and all the rest. That was not good or bad, only sad as she had enjoyed that time now gone. Being a different thing sometimes helped you see points of view, from other angles. But here on Omega, a bear was better all the way round. There were no large oceans here. There were no great rivers or lakes, just mountains… rocks and lots of harsher weather than most other like kind places.   

It was because of Liza's sacrifice Tes and the others had made it out and away from Zira. How long ago was that? Tes was unsure. This time, living on Omega… was just the longest they had been able to stay without discovery. Tes did not think the others could even leave. Perhaps… or more correctly stated… prayerfully; if found they, the shifted humans would have forgotten too much, and so by that made themselves safe. Without their memories, their reactions would be that of their chosen animal. So they had no value. Regardless it was now up to Tes to find out if they were really safe, or not? If they had to move again, could they? Tes wondered, but did not dwell.  

The bear stumbled. That was not usual at all. Too many flashes of memory too close together. It was hard, to think and walk? This, this crazy journey all started as a flash across the sky? A rock a piece of nothing… maybe? Sadly, it would take a very long time to forget… if it were found unimportant. But that would be just fine for Tes.  

The sky mocked her progress. Trees were down here and there. Yet, Tes could not turn back. She would not. She simply worked her way forward. The young woman had to find out one way or the other, what came down. 

The dark shaped moved. 
No one watched. 
No one cared.

Tes felt sad. Some part of her, the small child… still within; dared to remember her mother, really remember... As she walked, through the woods, she pictured the woman in her mind. She had been both beautiful and smart. That was her… Liza Mayweather. In the face of death, she had laughed. Tes prayed she could ever be so bold.  

In her thoughts, in her heart, her mother was not a bear. But then what? A comfortable presence, an echo told her that she was human. Her mother was very special. She could do anything and saw the world in a very, unique way. Colors, sounds, words, were like paint. She saw so much more behind what was in front. Like the hidden layers of life. It is the place where emotion and color are the same things. That was how her mother had explained Shifting. That is the only way to describe it. In front is what you see, everything in the front left things hidden behind. That was the basis of Shifting. 

Lonely, in this case the same as alone.
No one around, not even wildlife, 
because the storm.

 Tes knew the feeling well. Even in the presence of others, her whole life… she rarely ever felt connected. The bear, the woman… saw that clearly… in her mother's memories. Liza felt the same. The imprints… echoes from her, held in stasis for Tes’s use; helped her at need. That is how Tes knew what it was like or what it was going to be like in her future. That was one, bad, flaw to being the only one of your kind. It made you by inevitability lonely. That also made you afraid of the funniest things. It twisted your insides just a bit. 

Why this was all coming up now; the memories stronger than ever, thoughts laced with confusing half imagined dread? A falling rock, a bright light in the sky, the same thing, and nothing more she hoped. It all increased Tes’s trepidation.  The embedded memories were never wrong. They had kept her and the others alive before. This was no different. It was the same!

If it was, in fact, “Them”; the administration, the government, the rulers currently in power, then Tes knew what to do. It had just been so long. She had almost held out the tiniest hope that "They" had been outlived. Sadly, like bugs, they breed and tell each other. The next generation; is as greedy as the last, and always wants the same horrific things or even worse. Better soldiers for a war that has no end. One that would never stop, but take on a living form… “All its own”, was nothing less than pure, black. 

	Then, there were flashes of ships in far away places that had no reference at all, she could place? The events were not her own, nor that of her mother’s life, or at least she thought as much. Her father’s references maybe?  More faces followed. More voices in her mind. Things she had not seen first hand… but were passed to her from her own mother and still yet a few others… just as it was always planned to be. The gift; “Imprints”. They were the genetic memory codes or GMC's protected and transferred to the next generation. That is what Rin had called them.  

Rin… Rina… more pieces of a greater puzzle…

When they, father and the other scientists… first found out, that Tesandra could remember everything her parents remembered, they knew true success. They also became aware of yet another deeper danger. It was just another facet of the diamond powerful people would kill to have. So their joint decision to run and hide and take their secrets with them, had been the right one. 
 
Tesandra had been in her teens when “it” had been discovered. She had actively tried to quell the, or more accurately stated; her… “special-ness”, or use of it. It took a great effort to bury the information. She had been partially successful. The assault had been intense. But her grandmother inside, always held back the flood. She had been the breakthrough scientist that advanced the field in the first place. Her own reservations, only now being fully realized and then transferred into her own next of kin. It had threatened to overwhelm Tes years before… for a while. Then the bear form took hold, and she felt safe, or at least safer. Now, that peace was gone. Tes had succeeded in holding the line. Now, there was no escape. The “peace” was more than likely gone forever for Tes.

By the time Tesandra came across the object everything was all too real. No more flashes of the past to confuse the present. She had worked out a wall, using all her past experience. “It” was okay for now. 

The thing was no rock, no meteor. It was a ship. The word was crystal clear to her, "ship". That meant they had found this planet. "They". The company, the drug makers, the powerful ones, the government, the war mongers; the crazy people! Panic for all those she loved threatened to overwhelm Tes for a few heartbeats. Then she gathered herself together. 

Act. Don't react.

Maybe, still, maybe it was just a ship. You know like an explorer? A miner? A settler? A? Tes would not allow herself to rush into anything. There was still lots of time if she wanted to signal Rin. She would be vigilantly at her task, watching for a sign. So, Tes would just let her wait, and not jump too fast into what was to come. Good or bad, Tes would wait. 

Hours, and hours passed.

Tes had sat watching the ship not knowing what to expect.

Maybe soldiers?

Trackers?

Company men?

What would they look like now? 
It had been so very long ago…
 since there had been any connection to civilization.

The ship was like a big ball at the end of a long stick. 
Only it was as big as a house like in the colony far to the south.

How many men could fit on one ship?
The fires finally went out around the crash site. The wet weather helped with that. The surface of the ship slowly cooled. It was just there on its side against a huge boulder. Tes was amazed at the fact it had hit and stopped exactly at that spot. A few paces to either side of the giant stone, was a big drop, down to the Blade. The only way out of Blade was a terrible hike to the mouth. That was the entrance to the Blade area. Rocky pathways that led north, back and forth… maze like in pattern. If the ship had careened over the edge the problem might have solved itself. But it did not. The Blade was not a friendly place regardless of how prepared you might think to be. The natives avoided the place. It was an unsafe region, a dangerous expanse. That tiny voice Tes had come to accept as important was filling in bits of information. 

There was a sudden flash, a picture of several maps laid out on two large tables. Her mother Liza was there and another woman. They were arguing… Then it was gone. 
 
The caves had been a bit further to the east. So Tes had not changed her plan. The ship had come down this side of the fissures and openings into the deeper places. It left her a little more calm to think she was still on task. More importantly, she would not have to go that way…

Without notice, as it was nearly invisible… a line appeared on the surface of the ship. It spread quickly into the space…, a defined doorway. Then, it swung up and out. The inside was revealed. 

All metal, hard, and cold surfaces, were the only welcome. And a man, there was a man. There was just one single man, just one. That was the first Tes had seen in many an age. She knew it was a man, as the memories, her memories were quite clear. Most of the pictures that rushed into her mind from the past were that of soldiers. This individual did not really look like any of those. He just looked like a man. He did however have a funny outfit on. 

“That could still be a uniform of sorts?” She thought. Soldiers had uniforms and so did some Scientists that worked for “them”. 

The man wore white. It was a jumpsuit style outfit. There was a bit of trim at the sleeves and collar area. Nothing readily or directly recognizable stood out to her. Tes could feel she was terrified. Her blood pressure was racing and she fought to keep… calm. 

The bear was no longer lonely. In fact, she wished for only one, very brief heart beat… that Rin had come with her. But that passed.  

Tes watched the man from the far side of the clearing. 

Did he not smell her? 

Did he not see her? 

No. He did not even hear her. He never once looked her way? It did not take much at all to work out. The man had limited senses. 

The man acted funny. He was carrying boxes. He set them up against the ship's hull. That was smart. The storm would provide. So the man was not stupid.

Tes thought to herself, “He should have been able to see me? Hear me? Something is wrong with him.”   

The animal… the bear took a deep breath. It was followed by a very human sounding sigh. 

The vessel, the damaged craft; had a bad smell. The fires were mostly out. That was favorable. The odor of that issue would fade completely, soon enough. The new intruder, the stranger, the alien from space… he was not going to fade so quickly. It was wishful thinking that the man would just go away. He would not. More then likely, he would bring others. Those others; would they be rescuers, come to help this man? Or would they be them? The powerful, the very people her mother taught Tes to fear, were they still alive? 

The blue… dark, dark blue bear… moved back just a little way into the woods. The storm was going to hit again. That was okay. Bing a bear was not a bad thing. There were advantages. 

4) Getting to know you?

Another couple more hours passed, the storm lessened slightly. Not a lot, but enough for now. It would start over again, redoubled in ferocity soon. The season was winter after all. 

Tes was drenched. She stood up and shook. Then she lay back down on the warm spot between the branches, there on the ground. Her big body and thick fur were great for the cold weather. If she had to choose again, Tes hoped this shape was a possibility. It had served her well. She would remember how to create it. That was another advantage her mother had not even known about. Tes could change and even remember for later. Tesandra first learned this ability, this remembering… of forms, of structures… just after they came to Omega. That is what Father had called this planet. That was the given name of this world. “The End.”, 

Omega; another memory,
that placed everything into focus…
just a bit more.

Tes had tried shifting to several of the creatures here over the years. Mostly it had been early on. The squirrel shape was one of the most fun, she had had. Tes even remembered playing with Rin in the trees. They had laughed for awhile. Squirrels were great animals, and had the best dispositions… even in the worst of times. There were several species of the squirrels here. Rin tried them all before remaining gray like the clouds. She said it made her safer, not to be seen. That is why Tes always thought that Rin was afraid. It was an assumption, Tes felt well founded, by Rin’s own actions, most of the time. 

Tes did not stay a squirrel, as it did not truly fit her “insides”.

 Then came the bear shape. That was better. Better for not being bothered and easier to forget things you did not want to remember. No one got mad a bear. Well, no one that wanted to be safe…

Many of the creatures on Omega had shapes similar to the ones from Earth, the home planet. That is why she referenced them the same way in her mind. Yes, she was a bear. Tes smiled. Not a brown bear, but a beautiful dark, royal blue one. The sun here made “color” different. Because of that, it made the memories Tes had from her mother, all the more confusing at times. As it kid, she had thought it cool, not to have boundaries. It was like coloring out of the lines in a children's activity book. Shapes were similar, but that is often where the similarities ended. Having grown up her idealism had changed with age. Being a kid was easy when there were no responsibilities. But being counted on, was a fierce burden.  

More time passed…

Nothing had happened. Twice Tes knew she had dozed off to sleep. It did not seem concerning. The man was not doing a whole lot. She had seen him empty the containers of water twice also. He fell once in the process, but got right back up. She told herself he was clumsy. It had been a while since that had happened. He had gone inside, and not come back out.  

The sky was black… night… clouds, a mixture. Tes closed her eyes… to be quiet a while. If she did it just right, a song … remembered… could be heard. If the stranger did come out again, she would hear him easy. So, sleeping, and resting was a good thing. Tes was tired. It had not been the distance she had walked to get to this place, but the emotional havoc that it had brought inside her head. 

“Migraine!”
Another word…!
It was another human word. 

There were still lots of hours between the now and the rising of the next day. If Tes was smart like her mother, she would simply move the people. That would be the right thing to do. But then she would not know if she had done it all for nothing. Some of the people may not wake up, and forcibly taking them from their home would be harmful. They would no longer understand. 

Tesandra remembered. The others did not have that ability to remember so much. It had been a long time. But their own echoes might prove an issue if dissected. Their minds, their base materials… Also, some had passed away on this world as well. That was problematic also. Even their bodies would need to be… gathered, and removed. Foul individuals would use what ever remains would still make cohesive ingredients for new tech. Even the leftovers… of all their achievements would be damaging and yet allow some to reinvent a new brand of chaos. 

Tes, the human inside of the bear body missed them all. She remembered their human faces, their human, and their shifted bodies. They had all been her family. The ones that remained alive would be protected if it took her last breath.  Tes would make sure they were safe, and stayed that way. 

The blue bear thought, “If she could just find out… a bit more about things… she could make the right decisions.” The point, specifically about this man, then she could make a good choice for everyone. Father always taught her to weigh out the problem carefully. That is where she got the "act, don't react" lesson. I guess she had been listening much more closely to his words then she had thought. It felt like so long ago now. The information was true and would serve her well. That would have pleased Father.  

Then, without warning the hatch on the wreck flew upward. There he was again. The man! He was standing right there… in the middle of the opening. He was very tall, at least for a human? That is what she would say if she were going to describe him. Tall! Tes, did not think that humans were that tall? Once ,her mother had told her a story about little people with hairy feet. They went together as a group on a long quest. In the end, they slew a mighty beast, a dragon. Tes had been nervous. Her mother had laughed and told her it was just a story. This was real. The man, the ship, and the danger were all real. No more stories for little kids. Tes was the leader now. Father was too old. Mother was gone.  

No more place to run or hide…
True acceptance of your life…

Memories, unleashed no longer held back…flooding into her head all at once.  She liked that feeling now. Acceptance of your own fate sometimes makes you a bit stronger. Maybe or perhaps mostly because; Tes had stopped trying to struggle! The images, the smells, and the people were cardboard puzzle cutouts. Things she had never done, places she had never been. Acceptance! That was the feeling that washed over Tes. Her mother could not have known what being a shifter and a long-lifer was going to do, to her daughter. How could she know? Tes was never intended to be part of the plan. She was not a forever warrior and was never going to be.  She was an accident of fate, chance or ultimate design. Or, maybe in the whimsical mind of her own mother, she was a love child. 

Tes's mother Liza Mayweather had met and fallen in love with Michael Wilder. They had met at the Center of Science, or “CofS, back on Earth”. It had been a whirlwind romance. Both were high end, tech types, with various backgrounds in biology and biogenetics. There was one very big difference between them however. Liza was a free thinker in a time when focus on war was the only thing that mattered. Tes's mother did not fit in. Liza broke the rules. Not once but all the time. She had an avid curiosity and an undeniable instinct for seeing how things worked together. It landed her in trouble from time to time, but nothing too bad. She was too smart to be wasted on "removal". There was never any chance of the faraway (a referenced to being put to sleep)… for her. So Liza had free reign to experiment because she produced results. That is what made her an incredible scientist. She believed in coloring outside of the lines. Tesandra’s father was not, all of the above. Not a free spirit and not a free thinker. It was a serious case of opposites attract. Or was it? 

When her mother found the answer to long life, she told Dr. Als'right immediately. That was the lead scientist on her team. He had come to be more than just a working associate. He had been like a father to her over the years, always helping to keep her on track and out of too much trouble. They were friends. They did not always have the same point of view, but they respected each other. Liza trusted him and told him not only with the secret, “they all wanted”, but that she was going to have a baby. 

The reality was that the little one, the expected bundle… was going to have the memories of not just the mother, but the father as well. Long life'ers were all going to carry the imprints of their ancestors, if things went the right way. There had been obstacles so far, but they were slowly, methodically being removed… 

Ethical or…
They experimented on themselves!

The genetic codes of Wilder’s tests had come back. They had shown he would more than likely be a Life'er too… after the change. 

Mapping; that had been the contribution Professor Als'right had been working on. He was plotting the chains of all the members of their group. In the end, all of his studies were only part of the key; to helping the clones become self-aware. The company wanted stable clones. They wanted solid stock… that lasted longer. If they died but could pass on their knowledge and memories, their training… to the next, that would become a constant for them. 

To make “them” better, more efficient; servants for the rich,
slaves… and worse at what price?

The war would go on forever.
Life'er soldiers, killed again and again,
getting constantly remade… renewed…, stronger?
It was a war without end!

How did Liza know she was with child? Just because she knew! She was going to be a mother. The relevance was a new level of the experiment. More importantly, it had brought with it information that Liza would never have known otherwise. As the mother, she was able to see, not just with her own eyes, but with the new identity inside. The little person that was Liza and not Liza, was there. Small and alive, the combination was unique. That was Wilder and not. It was a spark… of an innocent. It was someone that accepts all things as equal. 

Dr. Als'right told Liza to keep quiet. She tried, but it was not ever going to be easy. In one night Liza went from blissfully stupid with a triple digit IQ, to more knowledgeable and alert than she ever wanted to be. The fact that all their experiments to date were a lie was harsh. They were never about making a better life for humans, but about better soldiers. Better parts to spare for the rich that could afford them. Better slaves for humans that forgot how to be human. The full weight of everything she had done in the field and everything she was going to do, was life-altering. On so many levels they could not be counted.  

The baby, the tiny light in her body… a radiance that shown, as only life does. 

Dr. Als'right broke the shell of her romance that same night. Yes, she was in love. Yes, she was going to have a baby. But, and by far most importantly to everything that happened next; Michael Wilder was not just a lab partner. He was a watchful agent from the Company. Liza did not want to believe it. She fought Als'right and defended Michael. It did not matter. Everything Als'right said was true. The facts were clear. In the end, Liza knew he was right. The little being inside of her confirmed it. She had been so little, so innocent, and so without loyalty, except to the truth, the answer was made clear.
Knowing all the facts had come just a little too late. Liza had given the injections to Michael days before. His body would already be in the process… the first time… The outcome of his progress was being monitored even now. His DNA would be enhanced to the point he would be a Life'er. Funny, he had wanted to be part of the experiment. So he was. But ultimately, it was never going to be enough. Wilder wanted more! What he thought he was getting in the mix was to be a shifter. It was not going to happen. Liza could see the formula in her head. The way the chemicals, moved and changed. Liza had an excellent, if not eidetic memory for such things. Liza could fix the problem, now that she had both her own knowledge base and that of her daughter's. If she did that, Liza could easily create Shifters. A race of clones, having both long life and shifting capabilities was staggering to think about it. Power without limits, always led to evil no matter which path you took with good intentions. Humanity, real humanity, lost. 

The small life inside Liza tried to become smaller still. That was the first remembrance of fear. 

Michael Wilder was an exceptional student all on his own. However, he came from a lower branch in the family tree of life. So he would have to work twice as hard to be worthy of propagating. That was only part of it. Not only did he want a child to pass on his own DNA to, he wanted it to be better than all those that came before him. He would show the others on his tree. He would show them what he was made of, literally. That he was worthy. From the moment he had learned about the Life'er experiments he knew he was going to be part of them. In fact, he was going to be the final product. He was going to be a better human than human. 

Having come to the right college through a bit of computer tampering Wilder placed himself on the right team. They were the cutting edge of tomorrow. Michael had scooped the small-minded Liza Mayweather right up. Again, easy. Yes, she was intelligent. But shallow. She would go on and on about how she was going to make the world a better place. He would hold his tongue and listen. Wilder knew they were close to a breakthrough. Liza had spent more and more time with Als'right. That could only be for one reason. Wilder wanted to be experimented on. He had gone as far as his own resources could take him. An intervention was necessary. A better human, a better Wilder. Better yet a more powerful Michael Wilder than anyone would ever know. Knowledge was power. 

Als'right knew Wilder was a problem the moment he showed up a year ago. He was too cocky, too young for so much anger, and above all too ambitious in the wrong way, seemed obvious to him, if not others. The older scientist had seen Wilder's kind before. They were just using the system as a ladder to get to the top. The top… of what was unclear. Whatever it was that looked out of reach. Out of nowhere Wilder had been placed on their team. That was suspicious. But all of his credentials had been checked. Als'right could not boot him. In fact, he could not even stop the last round of experiments. That was the worst part. Both Liza and Father knew that meant Wilder would change soon. That would only make him hungrier, and more dangerous. 

Father did not have to ask who the father of Liza's baby was. That meant Wilder also had "rights" as to what would happen to it. Did it even mean anything to him, besides the "value" of the experiment? Doubtful! 

Immediate preparations were set into motion. Father had been ready with the outlines of a plan for months. Father had a bad feeling. He paid attention to bad feelings. In the scope of personalities, Father was a pessimist. Being prepared for the worst was second nature. That was a good thing more often than not. 

Since the experiments had already begun general trials with the assigned groups, Michael Wilder would have been alerted if they did not continue. He would never know or suspect if they just broadened the pool of subjects. Normally the individuals used were primarily clones.  That was okay. Clones were after all, expendable. Wilder was an exception as had been Liza. "Reckless". That is what Father had called it. In the end, that recklessness had given Liza the knowledge to see the answers. Oh and the truth about Mr. Michael Wilder. 

Over the next few days, Father convinced every member of his team but two, that they needed to be part of the project directly. That meant they were all in as scientists. Those that did not agree were told they would still receive injections, but primarily would serve as a baseline group. They would be enhanced, but only in a way that mirrored their own latent DNA. If they had none, then nothing would change.

Giving injections to Wilder and the other two would avoid any problems or possible panic. As far as the Company was concerned, what did it matter? Scientists stepping forward to offer themselves as subjects did not seem overly unusual. There was, after all, a war going on. Getting the right answers would make getting better weapons faster. Who cared about a few extra scientists? If they believed in their progress so much that only showed it was going well. Let them all take chances. That was even cheaper than throwing away clones. That was the administrations standing.  

Set into motion…

When Father and Liza escaped the Zero One station outside of Mars, in a deep space explorer, only a few were gathered. Not Maxel. Maxel was one of the two scientists that had been left behind. Not for the last time he wished they had included him. That he had gone with Liza and the rest. If they had only asked, he would have said yes. But, they had not. 

If she had only asked, meaning Liza? Maxel had dormant genes. The injections worked. Sandra Jakes was the other member that refused direct enhancement to become a Shifter or a Life'er in favor or her own possibilities. She had dormant genes also. However, Sandra Jakes died of unknown causes.  

5) Meetings

Admiral Wilder sat in the command chair of his own, Class A1 Planet Destroyer. Nothing stopped him or even slowed him down anymore. Power! That is what he had and plenty of it. Admiral, well that was kind of an honorary title. Michael Wilder was really more like Head Scientist gone military. Fear! You could smell it all around the command deck. They all feared him. That felt good too. They should be afraid. He was strong. 

Man and war. They were like the front and back cover of the very same book. At least the book that Wilder would or at least could write. Maybe he would get around to that. The idea made him want to laugh a little. Writing…? Now well into his second century, and showing only little signs of age, anything was possible. If he did write one, a book; the title would be, "History of Man" by Michael Wilder. Anyone that did not like the title or what was written inside could be ousted, put to death or as a last resort, outlived. That made Wilder smile from ear to ear. 

After, Dr. Als'right, Liza, and her team escaped things looked grim for Wilder. The Internal government workers, those that made it “their business” were zeroing in on Liza anyway. That is why Wilder was there in the first place. He had simply been found out early. How? He had no idea. He wanted all that she knew and being close to her personally, well that had just been a bonus. 

Then, days later, the change had come upon him. Wilder had been a little surprised. But he had not been totally caught off guard. He knew there were differences between what happened to him and the other DNA study subjects. However, Liza had not been very forthcoming with her own direct work. Wilder figured he had gathered enough information from when they were still together, it would be okay… fine. Later when he worked out the formulas, they were only slightly off. No doubt the long life he and a hand full of other test subjects now enjoyed was all Liza's contribution. The rest, she would have been ashamed of.  She knew her stuff. The other part, the guessed at area, well, that was all his own involvement. That had different outcomes altogether when combined with Liza's work. Trying to complete things without her, had led down a different path. Wilder did not even like to dwell on that himself. His eyes closed down… to the inner lid. That was more relaxing. Also, he could listen… better.  

Wilder stretched a little… his long lizard-like limbs. Hungry again! That is what he thought. “I am hungry again.” Long-lived,  and always ravenous. Well, this body sure used a lot of energy. That was the reason. He did have far better strength than ten regulars after all. What were they, the sub species… the “normals”.  That at least impressed the government. When the generals were told, Liza had escaped with her team, Wilder's future and outlook had been grim. Then the change had occurred? It had probably been the only reason they let him continue the work. Now, too late, they could never stop him. 

The fact that he had already been a subject before; led to the thinking “Why waste material?”.  The top CEO's wanted working formulas, and answers to unasked questions… ahead of time. There were always government contracts and more generals to impress. Line them all up. They all wanted the same thing that Wilder wanted. They wanted power! Well, Wilder was in a position to give it to them. That made him valuable. He was long-lived, that made him self, patient. Wilder could see the bigger picture. CEO's, and “generals” all died eventually. Michael smiled, his teeth shown brightly. One by one it happened, and Wilder ever moved forward. 

"Sir." The uniformed man stood by Wilder's chair at attention. "A beacon has gone off in sector 18. You said you wanted to be informed. Should we send assistance?"

Wilder wanted to hug the hu-man, but that might scare him to death. So he held his excitement to a minimum. "Yes.” His voice full of lisping sounds. “We will send assistance.” An evil grimace took hold of his otherwise horrific features. “That will be us, directly." Wilder swiveled in his chair to face the navigator. "Best possible speed." The man at the helm moved his hands across the panel to comply immediately.  

"Sir, It will take 76.5 ship hours to reach our destination." The navigator offered. Doing the extra mile… or in this case time… was important. Lax in compliance of service, in any way of any kind, lead to dismissal, the brig, the airlock… or worse.  

 Wilder hit the switch on the arm of his chair. "Dr. Maxel?” He chimed delighted…

The answer, “Yes… my leader?”

“Lightning 401". It was a code, a name for a plan, a celebration, an achievement… it was everything! Then he switched the button to the off position. Michael Wilder looked around the operation center, taking it all in. Then he rose from the command seat… slowly, in a very lizard-like fashion; not caring who watched or what they thought at all. He headed toward the lift. Just before stepping in, he spoke again…  "#2". It was a short order, already understood, from prior occasions. Another man in uniform stepped forward, from a waiting positing at attention… near by. He went straight to the command chair and sat down. That was all that was needed. The entire ship was full of clones. Very high-grade clones mind you, with a mission. They were all smart and properly numbered. No, not like numbered 1-100, no. They had serial numbers, and ratings… yes. But they were also programmed to download directly to the ships computer and back to each other. It was similar to a hive mind system.  Wilder left the chair, but knew everything would go as it should, until he returned. 

Dr. Maxel was not a clone. He had been one of the only… other two scientists that did not go with Liza Mayweather. The funny part is that Maxel had dormant genes. No one had been aware. They were flawed but exceptionally unique. They had been missed in the screenings… not given sufficient due. Maxel had turned. He was now a giant cat. Not fierce like a tiger, but friendly and moody like a house cat. 

As for the woman scientist, that had also been left behind? Wilder had not known her well. She had died. Maxel had told him so. He had also clearly stated that she had very little change(s) to offer, before her death. Her DNA damaged, considered not useable as well, not important to the greater need. The prize had been and still was “Shifter” and “Lifer”. 

A Soldier that could be anything they needed them to be? A fighter that could take on an opponent, in nearly any environment at will? Someone with an unknown arsenal of possibility, while living basically forever was or would be a super-man!  

Wilder would also like to pick up “shifter” for himself. His own “body”, had changed too obviously, not as planned. Well, perhaps not as first desgined. The choice somewhat random, but not completely; using base DNA structures. But this… this body… served him well. Something not so beast-like might be better for some. He would not be so ruled by his ever-present hunger and desire to eat the crew. But the ominous nature of his core, felt enlarged, engorged with sinister undercurrents… that could not be denied.  

Dr. Maxel was pacing and standing, then repeating the action again and again; in the Sky room. That was the part of the ship, located on top. It was a dome style chamber with an open view of the stars, in nearly every direction. A lovely, reinforced shell that could stand nearly any impact the hull itself might take in a battle. Oh, and they had seen a few of those. 

Maxel stopped at the point in the room, closest to the bow, for ten eternally long minutes. The stars were magnificent. Not all of them held life, but surely many. They had already found nine. More clone ships had been sent out. Hundreds, soon there would be ,thousands. Then? 

It was exciting to be part of all the newest expansion. Although this was not the first time by far to be sure. There had been many projects, but this one… he was heading. In addition, Maxel was also helping in the area of the Armed Forces, under the old N.C.S.F. he was just a cog in the wheel. Now with Wilder in control, and all things possible, he was in his “glory”… cough … hair ball… cough. 

Dr. Maxel was a cloning specialist. That is what he had done for Liza's group. He had provided information about “clones”. Not much of it was considered “new” at the time, but there were nuggets. Mostly… the association turned out it had been primarily a one way street on the information high way between them. Liza did that. She was good at getting what she wanted or needed. Lots of men found Liza beautiful. She was the best of everything. Liza had long beautiful hair, perfect skin, white teeth, long eyelashes; cover model material. The fact she had a higher IQ than the total of most rooms full of think tankers… She ever walked into, only made her shine. 

Secretly, Dr. Maxel had fallen in love with Dr. Liza Mayweather from the first moment he saw her. Maxel had been fifteen years her senior so it was nothing he would ever have followed up on. She would have laughed in his face. So, he had just appreciated her from afar, like fine china or a lovely painting in the museum. If giving her information when she asked for it was a crime. Maxel was beyond guilty. 

It had been a gray area. The information thing! Maxel was supposed to get close to Liza. Just like Wilder. Only he was from a different company. There were spies and more spies, always someone with an agenda at every turn. When she left and took the information, Maxel just went along. Wilder, never said anything! Then Maxel went through the change as well. 

Again, Maxel did like cats before he ever agreed to be part of an experiment. Maxel purred. Something he could never have done before. Oh and cats. They have nine lives, or at least long lives. That is what Maxel told himself. Regardless, he may not be a Life'er, but his change had made his life better. The body he had now, was both athletic and beautiful. I guess handsome would be the right or better word, Maxel thought. But he felt beautiful. No more pain from arthritis. No knee pains. No wrist aches. His whole body had been made better. If he died about the same number of years from his human body, that was okay. Maxel figured it had been an improvement. 

Changing companies in mid-project,
And not telling anyone your allegiance had changed,
is/was… not a crime?
Money… Power… Whatever motivates…!

When they had captured Liza it had been hard to know what to do? That, however, was a different time. That was then and this was now. At the moment, he needed to be right on target. Dr. Michael Wilder was a man that liked things done “business like”. That meant no, loose ends. 

“A plan. Make a plan, have a plan”.

Dr. Maxel turned his sleek cat-like body toward Wilder. Funny, he would never get used to the lizard’s odor. He had a gut desire, and instinct to attack. But that was held back. That was held down. Maybe Wilder had the same problem and did not want to talk about it. Cats and lizards? Not the best mix really. Liza said her work could be unpredictable. She had even taken a kind of morbid delight as she stated the fact. Maxel liked cats his whole life. To him, it just made sense in some weird science way. Looking at Wilder and applying the same formula? Well, that was not a poster or ad for "lets-look-up-your-blood-line . com ?".   

Wilder walked in. Or rather more accurately he stepped, with an unnatural gate that made everyone feel nervous… a predatory waltz, without music. He crossed the space on the deck, under the stars like he owned the galaxy. Wilder had taken to considering new titles for the clones to address him. He would have to give that more thought soon. He liked king of course, but felt more was needed… his hunger still an sated. 

"Maxel.” The lispy voice echoed around the room just a little. The metal, cold, and lifeless… just like his tone. “Your special beacon has gone off.” The thing smiled. “That means there has been a contact! The chances are good it is them.” A growing excitement could be felt now. There was real electricity in the air, like the day before a true holiday. The even, something to be looked forward too, a goal achieved. Something coming this way! “Are we ready?"

Maxel fought the inner desire to look away; from the man, the beast… Wilder. Some inner part of his heart wanted to attack more than ever. It was a species thing. It was something primal. Maxel knew that would not go well, so he held his stance. He mastered his boundaries and spoke, "Yes. I am ready.” A deep whine followed. “The material will be sufficient. There will be a higher possibility of a better outcome. That only adds. So yes, your highness.” An unexpected cough followed. Then a bad taste in his mouth belched up from his stomach. Maxel, re-swallowed as not to appear… disrespectful.   

"Set up the cage ahead of time. I want to talk to my little angel for a while. It would be fun." Wilder had that dark look in his eyes. “I long to see my daughter… all grown up by now.” The one… I can use… to take out just a little vengeance. 

Yes, Wilder had outlived most of his enemies. His anger was long-lived too, however. Wilder could rough the kid up just for fun because he knew it would have hurt Liza. That would be good. He liked the idea of anything that would hurt … “Liza”… 
Liza had not been able to stop the extraction of information she went through. After her capture, she had been tortured… basically dissected…It had happened nearly a hundred years before. Dr. Mayweather had made sure that the other Scientist's got away. But she did not. So Wilder and Maxel had used… material… as it should be used… 

However, tortured answers were all they ever got. That was all that ever came from Liza. Wilder was fully aware he had a daughter. He had searched for her for a long time. Now… She was nearly, and almost… within his hands, within his grasp. 

What she looked like? No idea.

Was she still alive? Yes. That one he knew. Yes. Wilder's daughter was a Life'er. She had to be. If she was also a Shifter like her mother then her DNA was priceless. Shifting and changing forever? You could be anything and change your mind again and again. The money and power Wilder would soon have stretched even his imagination. Wilder could be… no would be Emperor!

6) Careful…,
What you want?

The ship’s hatch came open with a swish sound. The ground outside the entry was muddy. Jakes could not really tell what time it was. It seemed lighter than before. Maybe his vision was returning? Perhaps he could outlast the emergency, and figure a way out of here. Otherwise, his survival possibilities were extremely limited. 

The rescue beacon was surely pounding away on a high frequency. No way to know if that is working. Can not even check the gear at this point! His vision had serious limits. Jakes was going to just have to trust to things were going the right way. He had survived a very violent wreck. That was something. But there were issues. The fact that he was IAI, not a full human, did not bode well. It limited Jakes's chances. Maybe if they, the company, were already in the area, they would answer. But the difference was important. Coming for anyone less then full human on purpose? Not a high priority. Okay. It was a reality. His whole life he had been told repeatedly, he was just an experiment. Just a throw away… Just material.   

Funny, Jakes was feeling better, at least physically. Even without the use of his eyes, he was still okay. He had not been overwhelmed by a beast, and as yet still survived the storm. He was also not vomiting any longer. His stomach hurt, so eating may or may not be a good idea. Maybe he would open a packet and break off a piece of a bar. There were several in the supply box. The rations were never very appealing, but they were life sustaining. The taste was not of high consideration when putting together deep space missions. Jakes was one of a wave of single man missions. They were supposed to survey habitable planets, collect a few samples, oh and return. Seriously, if they lost a few… it would not be a great problem, no major issue to report.  

Before he left, home world… Jakes had viewed the mission logs. There were a few warnings about native life, and things to look for. That is if a person could “look”.  Why it would matter now, was odd? But… there had been a list. At the very top of it read clearly, "unusual acting native life". What did that even mean? Jakes's education had been general as all low breed humans received, always enough to do their jobs. Not a whole lot more. Jakes had rated very high in the “Stock Line”. The short explanation was that it meant he had good genes. He had been tested, and elevated… or rather placed in a  “special” catagory, to receive a real name. That meant he had strong human lines. A doctor Maxel had seen to his additional education, once it was known. That had helped him, become a pilot in the first place. 

The clouds above were beginning to gather again. This time of year, the weather changed moment to moment… Tes kept very still all day, watching the man. He had gathered water in the bins several times. He seemed damaged, slightly. But he was still functional, in most areas. Now however; he was just sitting in the doorway. He had not moved in almost an hour. Tes thought he might have fallen asleep? She could hear him breathing steadily.  

Finally, "I know you are out there." The man spoke to no one. They were just words to the wind. It was more a feeling of being watched that would not go away. It had come on him a few hours ago, and persisted. An anxiousness, a need to be concerned, or was it fear? Was it an animal? No. Maybe it was? A native person was not likely? Why? There were not many, and said to be passive, if not unfriendly. 

Nothing?

Something, or someone?  The black that had been his prison was changing. Slowly. But, Jakes was sure. His sight was getting better. Maybe it was to say the black less black, and the outlines of images were slightly more distinct. Yet everything was still mostly dark… gray, and shadow. He dared to hope that he would not be blind forever. 

"Did you hear me? I know you did. Stop playing games." Jakes kept up his one-sided conversation. 

Tes listened. She had no intention of responding. The weather darkened. It was going to snow soon. In had already done so in areas… but it would get worse. There were a few flashes of lightning in the distance. The thunder that followed was weak and far away, compared to the day before. Still, the man sat and talked. He did it not once, but several times. Hours at a stretch. 

Soon she would have to decide.
To go back, or?

If Tes responded, what would she say? "Hello, I am here to decide if I need to kill you? If I snap your neck, would they believe you died from the crash? Would others believe it… if they come?" Tes did not think the man would like the honest tone of her conversation. “I could arrange to have this whole side of the mountain come down… into the blade… one way or the other. No one would know the difference. They would just believe… it happened. Fate, or bad luck either way?” Well, the alternative was to go back, gather everyone that she could and run. Run where? It was doubtful many would even be awake. If they were caught, they would remember little she hoped…, and be of small value or none. 

The reality was that Father and Rin were in danger. The others would probably be okay if left here. Where would she take either of them that would be safe?  Rin would not travel well, and Father was far too old. 

The small voice in her head, the one that echoed… Liza…  told her that was not the only fear. Rin would die before remembering anything that would be harmful. Father, would die before they began the process. His age alone would see to that. 

Tes however was not old by Life'er standards. She remembered not only her own life but both her mother's and father's lives. She had every answer to every question Liza Mayweather ever dared to dwell upon. She also had every one that Wilder did as well. However; as for her father, she was not so inclined to peer into that darkness of that pit. There was power in being a Shifter. But to what end? If you are the only one of your kind, then you or only a shadow copy of anything else. That does not make living forever a good thing but a curse. 

Tesandra had let herself get sidetracked. Somehow the man had stood up. He was now moving; walking along the hull of his wrecked ship. Jakes was heading right for the cliff and the blade floor. Tes had very little time to think, or she would have done things differently. Time does not always give you sufficient room to consider a course of action. You just have to react. Not for the last time, Tes recalled that was always a bad idea.

“Re-acting!”

"Stop" Tes screamed. However, instead of the word, clear in her mind and summoned to her lips, it was a growl. It was a terrible sound that would make any man cringe and pray to shrink away into nothing. The main thought… to consider; how long he had to live at all? That is exactly what happened. The man hit the ground in a crouch, position… protectively placing his hands up, fists clenched to defend him self. He was only a step or two from the drop off. Tes was afraid to say anything again. If she did, it may come out wrong still. In order to speak to this man, she would have to shift. That was hard. In fact, if it was done quickly… it was painful. 

Tes tried to focus. 

The man moved away from Tes's position. He was now only one step from the drop. The sounds of the storm were increasing again. The wind had picked back up. Maybe he should try to get back inside the ship? Something was definitely close. He had heard the growl. Was it an animal then?  How could he fight off an animal? Jakes needed a weapon. There was a pistol inside. Why was he not already carrying it? Why was he making mistakes? This last one, could be the worst?

The single, very lonely, man felt the hull of the ship with his right hand and tried to stand back up straight. He could not readily remember which direction the hatch was in? He was all turned around. The fear he had tried to push back, was trying now to take over his whole being. He raised his foot and moved forward. He moved toward what he thought was the doorway. It was not. 

Tes could not remember even one of Father's lessons. Keep calm. Have a plan. Instead, her mind was racing. The man was stepping right off the cliff in front of her. She could not stop him as a bear. When she tried to call out, it was the bear that spoke. That was bad timing. Now it needed to be Tes, in a human voice. She was not even sure what that looked like or sounded like? There were only bits and pieces… memories, it had been so long. In fact, she had been a little girl the last time. 

Tes did not have a chance to consider carefully. One thing was sure. Tes was no longer a little girl. A sudden picture came to focus. It was her mother. That was helpful. It was something to focus on. 

A moment later, the giant bear was leaping across the distance to the man and painfully changing into Liza Mayweather. Tes grabbed the man's arm by the sleeve and pulled him back from the brink. 

Jakes was surprised to be sure. What had happened? Jakes had no idea. He was sure he was not alone. The man was thrown off balance and pushed forward along the hull of his ship. He was safe. He was safe for the moment anyway. Then without warning the whole muddy area fell away. The rain pealing away the lawyers of rock and mud, and letting it go, loose from its very roots. Not just where he had been going to walk off… into nothingness…, but a much larger piece. Whatever it was that Jakes did not see was obviously going to kill him. 

Tesandra Mayweather-Wilder screamed a very human scream. She slid with the chunk of rock and dirt down the cliff wall. It was a very sharp drop. Most of the material that had broken away fell into, the black abyss. A thin ledge had stopped her decent, abruptly. It was about fifteen feet below the level of the wrecked vessel. There had been a bad cracking sound as Tes hit the tiny outcropping. Likely she had broken her leg maybe. This was a crazy turn of events. If she was not in so much pain, she might have laughed. Father would have screamed at her and Rin would have worried. Good thing they did not see this mess, and could not. Well, at least that was true first hand. But, the young woman would more than likely have to tell them about it later. Father was good and making her remember; all the details. He would not think this was funny. But he would also, not be happy at all. 

Tes had a pained look on her face and tried not to lose consciousness. 

"I know you are there," Jakes called from the above. There was a very long pause.  "I can not see you. I have an injury.” The man swallowed hard. “I am blind. I just sort of see black shapes.” A rock fell randomly from above. “Sorry. Things are not stable up here, I know. How can I help? How can I get you back up here?" The man was yelling now… out into the empty blackness before his eyes. The weather was going bad again, quickly. Big sprinkles fell here and there on his body. "Let me help you. You obviously saved my life." The man kept yelling in his best, pleasant, convincing voice. 

"Do you have a rope?" Tes figured that she was not going to get back up to the level of the ship, alone. She had not spoken directly with another human in many years. It took a moment as she recalled the right words and how to make the human body speak. Her leg hurt. It throbbed. Climbing the wall of dirt, mud, rocks, and stones…  back up to freedom as a bear was not going to work. Climbing it as a human with a broken leg, was not going to work either. Funny, she had never thought to shift into any of the winged animals that lived here. She made a note to not become too comfortable in any shape. She need to be more rounded. In this case, it would have surely helped. 

Tes was a little fearful, surprised by the turn of events. The pain made her brave, as there was little choice. "I was… I thought you might be…” She could not find the right words. “I thought you were going to walk off the cliff.” The rain grew heavier. “Please. If you had something…; like a rope.” Tes glanced over the ledge. The drop below… looked very uninviting. She was cold now, very… very cold. Her bear shape was now all gone. Tes’s replacement human shape was already presenting new problems by the minute. “Maybe some wire?” She tried to be calm. The pain in her leg was throbbing harder, more intensely all the time. The ledge was only a little more than a place or two wide. It was also not secure. Time, was not in her favor. “I am on is a small space. I am not more than ten or so feet from the top. That is where you are now.” She was so tired she wanted to just stop there, but then what? There was no choice but to continue. The last words extremely important, as to have him fall and die now, would simply be pointless. “Stay close to your ship. It is still safe. It is propped against a mighty stone.”  

Jakes could not believe his luck. Someone, was watching him the whole time? That same someone had just saved his life. He had better work quickly, if he was going to save hers too. She did not sound well. Jakes moved as rapidly as he dared back along the ship's side. Then, he went to the open hatch and further inside. The emergency locker was his goal. There he found some rope, thin but extremely strong. Once having achieved his goal, he went back outside. He returned the exact same way he had come. Then, carefully, slowing down to a crawl… as he got closer to the edge of the drop-off, he moved to help. 

"I am here." His words of reassurance like a warm blanket dropped from above. But instead of a giant cloth, Jakes dropped the line over the edge. There it dangled next to Tes for several heartbeats. She looked at it. This was a point, that many actions led many different ways. If she grabbed it now, that was one path. It was a choice. There would be no turning back. If she jumped instead, or tried to climb down the best she could to the Blade, she could escape, maybe? She could shift back to a bear and possibly cheat fate. Once again Tes lamented that she as yet did not know how to fly. That was a bad oversight. Using her memories alone, without practice, could lead to even a greater disaster. 

Rain began to fall in earnest once again.

Tes's mother Liza, had always had a knack for knowing when to walk and when to run. Tes took her right hand and grabbed the rope firmly. No one in all her history ever ran from a fight, and she would not be the first. They want a war? They are likely to get what they want. It only vaguely made sense. Imprints, mingled with memories and pieces of half forgotten dreams, played at the edges of her mind. Liza had plans within plans. She had given them all to her daughter. The scientist, as well as the woman, the mother, the grandmother… all called them, “just in case scenarios”. The rope was a little outside the parameters of everything Liza had thought up, but Tes was good at improvising. No matter, the reference “a new path”.  

 Tesandra tried not to say anything as she struggled back up the face of the cliff wall. If she had not hit the little ledge as she had, then the straight drop down to the bottom would have surely killed her. It would have killed the man no doubt as well, with no difference at all. The change Tes made into her mother's shape had left her exhausted. It took energy she did not have to spare. The pain in her leg… throbbing…
Then, suddenly… right there it was, his hand. It was reaching out to her. His palm was open. If she touched him directly, she would remember what it was to be human. Not a memory but a fact. Then she could mimic any human she wanted to forever. The memory would be her own… directly, without possibility of flaw. It was far different than the imprints from her mom. This would be hers. Not like something you take out and look at. It would not be a recipe in a book, or instructions in a manual. It would be… forever something that she would feel personally, and get to keep… forever. 

Curiosity, or pain; driven delirium, the response was the same. It did not matter. Tesandra Mayweather was young for a Life'er. Mistakes, when we are young, don't look like mistakes at all. They just appear to be adventures, taken willingly at the time. Tes could feel her body changing again. This time it was taking longer, and was easier in ways. That was good, that was okay. The process did not hurt so much if the shift was not rushed. Tes was shifting… but this time into being Tes. It was the first time; the only time… she could feel the power of choice directly. The man's touch had been just what she had needed to fill in the gaps. If you were born blind and someone tried to tell you about the color of a real rose, they could not. A rose has many possible colors. But if you smelled one for yourself, you would never forget the scent. Yet the color if still unknown was yet to be seen. 

The structure; was a real human being. That form, the incredible miracle that defined the unmistakably handy work of only one God. The color of eyes, hair, skin and build all put together in just the right way. The way they… all of “them”; were intended to be. The end product was a one of a kind person. One single, individual; unique and special in the universe, and like no other created. Tes changed from her mother's remembered facade to Tesandra. Brown, beautiful long hair, clear to her waste, was just the start. Bright, intense… crisp, green eyes were hers. They were no longer the solid black of the bear at all, remnants of that now gone. A woman, young of medium build… athletic and well muscled. The process… of the upgrade worked wonders. It was a healing… and an understanding of things, how they really worked, how they really “sensed” in her reality. 

An immediate benefit; the pain in her leg stopped. She was going to be okay. Knowing now the full structure of things, Tesandra mended her new body as she Shifted. Now she was all human, and structurally sound once more. That ability meant not only did she have a long life, she could heal herself. How completely, who knew? How often? At what cost?    

"My name is Jakes.” The man belted out excited. “Captain William Jakes. Who are you?” He tried to slow down, but found he wanted to simply hug her. He did not. It was just a nearly… overwhelming desire. “How did you find me? Oh, and first of all, thank you for saving me. Could you please tell me from what?” Now he was rambling! He took a deep breath. “Above all, what is your name?" The man finished. He was afraid if he let her go she would be gone. Jakes did not want to be alone again ever. 

Tes continued to breathe deeply and shift. 

The repair to her leg, the bruises, the scuffs, the marks… healed.. 

Molecular alterations and manipulations; were not by chance. 

No, everything by direction and design, and the difference monumental. 

A smile touched her lips. She quietly thought to herself alone, “Humans sure were a talkative lot.” 

7) First Impressions

The weather finally broke and the great black clouds drifted away.  Tesandra felt a chill. That was not good. "When did I eat last?" She wondered out loud, very low, not to Jakes, but to herself. 

The power of last night’s storm was evident in the wake of the destruction it left behind. Now, the voluminous giants were just wisps of vapor, receding along the far away, sky-line. It was a cycle. They would be back. 

This was the dawning of the next day. Tes had better send a signal or go back to the big tree herself, and soon. Rin was vigilant… unless she went home? Tes doubted that. She would be afraid yes. She would still hold the post. Besides, it, or rather that… was not the way Rin looked at the world. There were no gray areas. She said she would hold the line and she would.  Tattling was not in her nature. 

Owl would do nothing, could do nothing.. 
He was so very old. 
He was also too old… to be valuable material… 
Tesandra Mayweather, prayed!

The man had held her hand tightly, nearly refusing to let go at all. Tes could smell the fear on him. He was trying hard not to let it be a burden, but the weight of the emotion… was tangible on the air. Her senses were always acute, to such currents in others.  He did not seem dangerous? Why had her mother been so concerned? 

The little voice in her head refused to leave her alone.

Liza, "Run". It kept trying to get her to listen. It wanted her to go back to the family. But Tes could not do it. She found she was just too inquisitive. It had been so long since she had spoken out loud. When was the last time she actually said a real word? Not a growl? At first, it had been hard. But like everything else for Tes; in only a few minutes, she had regained much. Her normal motor functions, and thought processes; the very perspective of life, renewed. 

Being a bear had been easy. 
Being human?
That was way more complex.
Or was it that she simply had more experience as a bear?

However, being human did have one very big drawback. It was extremely cold. Before long Tes's teeth chattered. It became so loud it was hard to miss even by a blind man. 

"Are you okay? Are you cold?” Wow that was a dumb question. “There is a blanket. I can get it. Or, you could come inside?" The man was desperate. Where did the woman come from? Jakes did not want her to leave. Then the big questions, "Can you help me? Can you help me get out of here?" There he said it. 

"No." Tes did not see any need to be tactful. That was one aspect of social life she never handled well. Being raised by scientists in the persona of Earthlike animals did not leave much room for typical manners. Tes walked into the ship beside the man like she had been openly invited. She maneuvered across the uneven surface as if it were her second home. The memories of her mother's life filled her with answers to unasked questions. Liza knew every ship in the fleet. So, Tes, knew every ship in the fleet by memory-imprint, up until the time that Liza was captured. The connection was broken. 

So, "clothes"? Tes went to some lockers and opened a compartment. It was right where Liza would have expected it to be. Tes pulled out a jumpsuit. Quickly she dressed. "They will come for you." Tes turned back to face the man and completed the thought out loud. 

"Do you know about ships? I was told the natives here were not technically advanced. Are you from somewhere else, or is the information I have wrong?" Jakes felt a little overwhelmed. He had lived through a crash, an injury, still partially blind, missed a near-fatal fall, took part in a rescue and now this? The upset stomach and dizziness returned. 

Was this, help?

"You smell… is familiar. A little like my mother, but not." It did not dawn on Tes right away. But now that she was close to the man. The smell, his smell; it was strong. "Are you a clone?” The word and phrase popped right into her head. “If you are not, then they have enhanced your lines. Were you a soldier?" Tes needed a few basic answers before her real father arrived. Yes, he would come. Tes's inner memories from Liza told her; that if he were still alive, anywhere… in the realm… nothing would stop him! 

This appeared to be an accident. It looked like a wreck. By all accounts… it was. But nothing inside of Tes Mayweather was convinced. Nothing; in fact, quite the opposite was true. The inner calm of knowing fate… was coming at you… had the same taste as peace (the forgetfulness), but there was a taint of sad, pure emotion as well. The knowing, the epiphany… that “escape” of any kind was no longer on the board at all. The game was now about life, death… and the measured amount of time between the two. 

Michael Wilder would still be, “after the leftovers”. That is how Wilder would view the aged half aware scientists on Omega. That is, if he found them. Even if the scientists were asleep, there may yet be a chance to harvest them? Tes doubted their value, but it was there… the facts…  in Liza's remembrance of the man. He was cold, like deep space. He had no boundaries. Maybe that had also been the very reason Liza allowed him near, in her life for a time. He gave her wings to think beyond her own limits, and precincts; confines. Using herself and her fellow workers as subjects, to better themselves was just a bit on the "egomania, power trip" side of life. That is also where many of the biggest advances were made in history. Oh and that had played well to her "save the clones" views. At least in Michael Wilder's way of thinking, she had been an easy target. Her emotions were fast moving. 

The difference, the key from seeing both sides… 
Father was right all along, 
Act… never re-act!
 
Enhanced humans or cheap smart clones that live forever were valuable. The possibilities just presented more possibilities. Money was after all important. Yet it did not matter to Michael Wilder. At least that was true, compared to other men. It was not just wealth that he desired, needed… loved and adored! No… That was never the real end. Anyone could get that, make that, use that, abuse that… No. Wilder wanted way more, much, much more. Instead it was the power, status, prestige, and importance, it would bring. Not to mention the control. Wilder required the authority over others, to make them do as they were told. It was core to his inner being. Some people felt hungry… while he felt succored by the struggle of the low. It was empowering!

Once tasted in small chunks… 
good jobs stolen from others, advancements…cheated to obtain… 
forced gains… blackmail and worse.
“It”, all of it… an insatiable appetite… for MORE!

That was, is and always would be… Michael J. Wilder’s motive! Power was only slightly more important than the dollars and cash. But you could not get the latter as easily… 

Wealth also provided freedom. Not bright and true, but dark and menacing. It gave the ability to do whatever he wanted… to do… without being held “accountable”. 

"In the name of science" was a way of life for Wilder. It had been that way since Liza had first met him. That was a good thing or at least it seemed so. Then she had felt so cheated and betrayed to find out he was actually company man. At least in that he supported the selling of their knowledge off like stocks and bonds, or vials filled with juice at an old western show… Father had found evidence enough to show he was not all that he wanted her to think. Sadly, Tes could remember her mother's real pain. That was not fair. Tes had never met Michael Wilder, and already had cause to hate him.   

Wilder may not have known about Tes before the first escape. Liza had not told him anything. She had not shared her joy and being a parent. No. Why? Instinct? Maybe it was a simple mother’s intuition; to guard her offspring from danger? 

Michael Wilder would know now however. After her mother’s death, all her information would have been extracted. Tes, wondered then; would he somehow know her anyway? Would he know his own daughter? There were plenty of mixed feelings floating in her head and heart. Would that make any difference? Tes did not think so. She could hear Liza… echoing… the same. 

If her mother lived still, since her capture, that would be shocking. Something told Tes, Liza was probably dead. The odds, the math, never lied. No one could withstand torture forever. Her mother would have caved. That is why Liza had planned many possible paths for Tes to take forward. Liza was an excellent planner. A few led to an escape, others were to advance science and humanity. Those did not end well. 

The harsh reality is that Liza Mayweather was an excellent scientist. In the beginning, it had been easy for her to believe she was making life better for all humanity. What a glorious goal! What an uplifting thought…! Then slowly she realized that she was simply making it easier for “them”. Liza had helped to create not only a slave race but a throwaway race. It was a way of thinking, beyond bought and sold and down to the very “base” of material. The foundation of anything, everything… useful and not, broken.  Flesh without emotion. 

Shifting… that was the secret. To “be”, to turn into anything… any shape that was needed, for as long as it was needed by and for the pure human race. The essence of her work, twisted into an ugly future for all. Deep in her being, she heard the words, "Forever War", “Eternal Soldier”, “Death Bringer”, “Hopelessness”. It was the end product of her mother's work. The clones would be made, trained and do as they were told, live long and feed the machine. The humans would become weak. They would flounder, and fall away, no longer on the path to anywhere.  

"I, what?" Jakes was stumped. "I am not a clone." Jakes was suddenly offended. Why he was not really sure. There was nothing wrong with being a clone. Right? Okay, maybe they did not have so many rights and were basically slaves. Wow, that was very near the surface. He was mad. Mad at being less than human? Was he less than human? Who was this person and what did it matter? Jakes was growing upset. This person just saved his life, and he was irritated, annoyed? Just one woman, surely only one, with the most beautiful voice he had ever heard, but still. She had gone from hero, to stranger, to his first love in nearly the same moment. Talk about a confused… headache! 

"I do not believe that you are aware you are a clone." Tes finally came to a conclusion. "You may be un upgrade, by way of the same technology. More importantly… if I am right and you are," Tes did not smile "it makes a difference to you somehow? Why?" Tes could not help herself but ask. Inside she was already offered a half a dozen physiological, technological and theological answers by dead or rather… past scientists, and men/women of power; but she needed to hear him. The direct answer had validity the others could only mirror. 

"Clones are just shadows. They have no rights. I am better than that. I deserve better than that. My ancestors were enhanced, yes. But, I had a mother.” He turned his face toward her voice. “I am not a clone! My great, great grandmother was in the Project. It was considered an honor for the better good.” The mixture of emotion in his own voice surprised himself. Maybe he was still in shock? Then he continued, “How would you even know any of that from a smell? I am human.” Jakes was fuming, and sad, mad, and very still. He was just mixed up. On the one hand, he was grateful to be alive. On the other, who was this person to just waltz in here and start calling him names?  

"Okay. I get that. You are not a clone you say?” She wrinkled up her nose once. The bear still part of her … somewhere inside.  “You smell different then I expected. That is, if you are only human. As for the rest, I do not have time to educate you on morals and ethics. They are on their way I am sure.” Tes was considering her options. “Remember, that we are all the same. That will help you in the end." Then, Tes tried to smile. It was difficult. Not because she did not want to, but she had a new set of facial features to learn. The things we take for granted sometimes are a welcome embrace to life. 

There was a long, empty, quiet… pause. Jakes thought about the way the woman talked and what she had said. "He smelled different than expected?" What did she expect? How should he respond to that? They, are on their way? Wait! How did she know that? 

"Rescued?" William Jakes dared to hope. 

"Who are you fighting?" Tes thought his words were a little circular, in their pattern. Either he was not very bright, or the shock of all that happened had slowed him. It was very hard to be patient. She just had to keep going. "You need to listen. I could use a little information, before they come. That is, if you are willing?” She took a breath. “Who do you fight against? The clones I mean. If you are not a clone one way or the other, it is okay. It does not matter. In this time… what war? Who fights it? Humans, clones, soldiers together, or separately? Who fights… and who do they fight?" Tes needed a lot more details if possible, but her instincts and heightened awareness told her it might already… be too late. 

Tesandra Mayweather could hear the high pitched whine of rockets, aircraft, and the final approach of cutting edge technology…  A human could not. It was still very far away… Tes was not really human, maybe not at all? So many experiments, so often had changed so much. The final product was yet to have a category correct and sufficient to cover the final result. Maybe she had never been human in the first place. She just appeared that way. Tes thought that she needed to find time to give that more thought. It would have been more earth shattering, but for the man. William Jakes was not as human as he thought either. That was oddly comforting. 

Who was she? Maybe she was a rebel? He had heard about them. There had been rumors… But why was she, way out here? No. No there was no readily apparent answer. Jakes found he was at once grateful and angry again. He was confused, suddenly hungry and terribly exhausted. Jakes focused on the one important part, of everything the young woman had said.

"Rescue!"   

8) Maxel

"I found the right planet? Or rather I sent you to the right planet.” The voice was thrilled… the tone full of energy. “In a way, maybe your mother sent you to the right planet? After all, she had all the memory enhancements and psych upgrades.” He looked right at Jakes. “It does not matter. You have found exactly what we have been looking for.” His teeth showed as he grinned, slightly brown and in need of; polish. Admiral Wilder or rather the king will be beyond thrilled. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you!" The smug look on his face was all too human. It was the exact kind that her mother Liza remembered very well. The “ones”, the evil ones… that would come and collect the things she treasured. They would take them… away… where? Who knew? 

Ramblings and more thoughts…scattered, suddenly together by his appearance. Some of the contemplations, considerations and even concerns; were not so kind. For example: How many pieces he could be cut into? Where to put the pieces… ? The voices in her head were bodiless… now. They were just data not real any longer. But the resounding echoes were very, strong regardless.   

Did she even know this man? No… Tes did not think so… but the storm in her head… just roared on. They did, her past, her gathered reflections knew him well. The association was that of a villain, and nothing less. History, all of history was full of “them”. There were kings. There were lords, made royal by the deaths of peers. There were government men. Some loyal, some traitors, some fooled some fools themselves. There were tyrants and far worse. Tamerlane the cruel, made his mark; with his pyramids of skulls. There was Lenin, Stalin, Mao, Pol Pot and Hitler. Mussolini, Majax, Lemonell,  and others. The nameless leaving their mark, just as horrific in nature as the rest. There were loads of others, since the dawn. Any one of them could have taken his place, and been his brother in deeds.   

The man’s name… his name???


The intruder just appeared at the entrance to the ship. Shockingly… Tesandra thought, they… were a little further off. Maybe she was more tired, than she had originally considered. 

Well, it was a man? Yes, it was an ugly man, but still flesh and blood.  He could be killed, she was sure. He was funny. By that he looked, imperfect. He had odd features. It took a moment for Tes to access the similarity from Earth references. The man was catlike. He stood about five foot, with fur on his face. The man had a slight, but pronounced muzzle, and whiskers. The ears were not right either. Something was just wrong there. Not readily apparent, but somehow really just… wrong. They were pointed slightly. They were elongated. His smell was feline. It was a mixture of musk, wild and heady. There was also a sickly sweet smell too. Like the perfume of a litter box that needed to be cleaned, weeks before. 

The man… the catlike man… was alone for the moment. Tes could hear soldiers outside in the woods. There were perhaps a dozen at least. The rain storm was not close, but not far off either. A new kind; was taking its place, much more destructive in nature.   

“The emergency beacon worked just fine.” Maxel reflected. “Not the normal emergency one. Sure that went okay too. Mine was an alert beacon. I set it to go off… for only the right reasons. I watched, and I waited. I knew.” The evil man bubbled excitedly. “The beacon I installed was extraordinary. It was a hidden.” He grinned widely. “I built it and placed it myself. It was set to biogenetic references.” His tone was much higher now, nearly a whine in frequency. It was followed by a “@phlem”… stuck deep in his throat. It halted his growing sense of pride. It was an inconvenience… It made him mad. 

The man turned and spat something into the darkness outside. His visage then turned back. His gaze again on Tes directly, she felt soiled. “You lady, you made all the bells and whistles go off on my panels. Let me tell you. May I ask… who you are? What is your name? You might as well tell me the truth, as it will make little difference in what happens… here." Tes thought she heard him purring. 

Liza's memories on the subject of enhancements were fast working to give her answers. What to do, what to say… 

The war mongers, the “powerfuls”… must have been desperate to keep going down the shifting path. Continuing the experiments… clones, upgrades… regardless of the flaws, using guesswork to fill in the gaps, were the true signs of immoral fortitude. The cost, of the upgrades, and of the experiments was probably astronomical, but necessary to gain their desired goal. When Liza and the other's had left, they had removed the best of the best. What was left behind was always less than. To a few that was the most galling. That did not mean it was not true, only that it was maddening. So, it was a treacherous undertaking to continue the experiments. Obviously, from the look of the giant… malformed man-cat, that is exactly what they did. 
So, if this was only… just a man among many, then… what did Micheal Wilder… look like now?

Liza considered. Tesandra did not want too.

The clones nearby, the soldiers in the woods were under Maxel's control. It would not be easy for Tes to fight her way out, even as a bear. Why had she not heard them come up? She heard them clearly now. The storm had died down, and yes being human frazzled her thoughts. That was no excuse. Being a bear too long? That was more likely. 

The man, William Jakes heard a voice and turned. He could barely make out the shape. There was a dark shadow figure at the hatchway. “Dr. Maxel?” he tested. “Father?” 

The last word not missed at all by Tes. This was more like a trap than ever. This man, had played her. She felt stupid. She felt angry. She growled very low, in the back of her throat. 

Jakes continued, “What are you doing here? You had me tracked?” The desire to be mindlessly mad strong, but that would not help. At least he was getting rescued… “ I guess I am grateful. I did not think you cared where I ended up." The man's obvious anger and frustration was showing openly. 

Dr. Maxel stared in, wondering too himself how easy or hard this was going to be. If she was smart… ? What could he offer? How could he trick her still?

Jakes talked up a bit louder… "And what are you talking about? Biogenetic references to what, for what?" Jakes felt a little sick again. Maybe it was because of his crash injuries, but Maxel was bad too. They had never gotten along. Dr. Maxel had raised William when his mother had died. It had been a suspicious accident. Jakes had no one else. No other family to go and live with at that time. Dr. Maxel had taken him in. Well, not really. He had used him. He had experimented on Jakes without his permission for years. When he found out, Jakes ran off. Maybe that is why he had been so upset about being called a clone. No, he was not a clone, but he had been treated like one most of his life. 

Jakes was I.A.I. 
That meant he was “improved and injected”.
What improvements?
Maxel had not been forth coming… ever.

“The war has gone badly son.” Maxel tried to look… sad. “We need better weapons.” He genuinely smiled. It was not an endearing look. “I knew you could do it. You have the imprints of your mother, I saved them… I made sure of it. You also have her changed bio-material. You have her mother’s, glancing at Tes… and her grandmother’s. We have used everything we have learned so far, to better all of humanity. You are just not fully aware of it. I told Admiral Wilder that letting you go, giving you a ship, would ultimately give us success. You have somehow found just the right material to change the course of everything. Like kind… finds… like kind… like the pull of magnets. Maxel starred at Tes in a disturbing, unsettling way. Dissected meat might have felt less dismembered?  

Tes briefly wondered what it would be like to be cat-like?

In the tall tree far to the south; Rin waited for a very long time. She waited while the tiny fires went out and the smoke stopped rising. Again, while the storm clouds did their best to flood the land, and then stop and start again. She waited while the lightning flashed, like giants throwing rocks from slope to slope. No signal. 

Then there was a thing in the sky. It was like the first thing, but not. It was bright, but not so much on fire as before. It was not acting wild like the first. It was landing. That was a bad sign. Even Rin remembered that much from the before time. 

"Ship," Rin spoke the word clearly. Nervous chattering followed. 

9) The Way Home

There is no place to run or hide. Tes already knew that. If she had not accepted her fate, then she would have already changed it. Or at least she would have tried. Tes, may not be as human as her parents because of all the upgrades, but her curiosity? That was equal to any. 

Not afraid at all, not even a little, "Will I get to see Earth?" Tes thought that would be worth much. Dying for? Well maybe not. That was not necessarily the outcome, but most probable at this point.  

"You will be lucky to see tomorrow," Maxel stated clearly. 

Two clones came in. They approached Tesandra directly. The uneven floor did not seem to be much of a problem. They wore uniforms, and they had some kind of side arms with them. Maybe they were expecting trouble. Maybe she should give them some? But Tes did not fight. She went easily enough. What was the use? The reality or dilemma at hand was that humanity had made its best efforts to improve. As usual, it or rather they had missed the mark. They were still short sited. Greedy, and warlike, ever looking out for their; own gain, it was obvious. Even the man she had saved. He seemed to know this Maxel well. He had called him Father? Wait? He was also angry with Maxel. In fact, his body language and smell were all wrong for, them to be connected… family. Now Tes was unclear how the man fit into things. Maybe they were not all alike? Humans?

Dr. Maxel followed Tes and the two guards out to the waiting ship. A third clone was sent back to help William Jakes find his way to the rescue vessel. It was an afterthought, but Maxel felt that having done such a great job finding the missing scientists, or at least the one, was worthy of rescue. Also, the Doctor did not like to waste good material. He had learned a lot from his experiments on the boy. Why not keep him around, in case? He congratulated himself on another good idea. Maxel felt almost real affection for Jakes. Almost! It was more like Jakes was a favorite toy. 

What a nice analogy Maxel thought out loud. "I like that." The man purred.   

Up, on the mother ship, William Jakes was taken to the infirmary. There he was treated. The damage to his eyes was not permanent. In fact, the doctor's were able to help him within a few hours. Medicine had advanced much. That was just one upside to science. 

In the medical treatment room, Jakes's sight slowly restored. He felt an elation and calm return that he had dared to think, gone forever. All the training he had in his past, had been nearly useless. That was something Jakes was going to rectify. Never again was he willing to feel that kind of fear. It was the first time William Jakes ever wanted to be upgraded. Fear was a powerful motivator. It had changed his stance on enhancements, upgrades and maybe even on clones as a whole. The girl, she did not seem to think clones were any different. Life was life. That was a concept that Jakes could get behind. 

“We are not all equal, but maybe we should be?” A dream worth having.  

As for Tesandra. She found herself in the lower levels of the huge vessel. Liza's memories were very useful now. They provided a perfect map. Yes, she had never been aboard until now, but she might as well have designed it herself. The plans were so similar to her own… from years before, there were only small details of difference. Tes knew everything about a destroyer. That would be handy. Again, however, what to do with that information? If she overpowered the guards and caused harm somehow, they would overpower her and do as they pleased anyway. 

Father, the old owl… left behind thankfully on Omega; would say they should be very careful. Ever his mantra; you may want something too much, then get it. That made Tes smile. In this bad place it was nice to smile. She had come to like the feeling in her face, the muscles… clenched and relaxed in just the right way. In addition, this time her face did light up a little… too. She had finally figured out all the muscles it took to smile. Shifting was a learning process. New feelings, new senses with every shift. The best part, it was a growing database. Once Tes had been something, she could be it again, anytime. In fact, the next shift would be less and less painful and more and more accurate. Oh, and the two clones that brought her to the cell. They were now in her memory also. She could be them. Not just in looks, but their personalities were so shallow, Tes had absorbed them completely. If she liked, posing as a clone and walking out would be simple. Again, that was not the path. Liza knew that eventually, Wilder would find their daughter. So, being ready, made sense. Liza had a hundred scenarios on the subject of "taking the right path". Well, Liza had the best of intentions. What she could never have accounted for was the future. Just what had changed and what had not. 

This man Maxel had been very taken with Tes. He had not mentioned the other possible survivors even once. Owl, squirrel… Maybe it had been longer then Tes had thought. Time had been hard to judge on Omega. Perhaps Doctor Maxel thought they, the other men and women on Dr. Als'right's team, had passed from this life. That was good. They were safe. Liza would be at peace to know that her plan had worked, at least that far. Now there were only two big problems. How to stop Wilder and those like him from making forever soldiers. Oh, and if possible, how to escape. Easy… right?

Dr. Robert Maxel went straight to the Admiral's Command Center. His news was so exciting he wanted to see the full impact on old Lizard Lips himself. Maxel did not like Wilder, but he did like living. He liked his way of living too. He was a high powered, respected scientist now. His position brought prestige… it brought him, small treats… that were otherwise hard to come by. It is as it should have always been. Sure he made a few mistakes, but he had also made loads of jumps… or even strides… forward. Just because he looked like a giant house cat, did not matter. If anything, they should all respect him more because he was better. He was enhanced. Perhaps being a cat had changed him in other ways? It did not matter. He got to do the work he wanted to do. Dr. Robert Maxel had it good. He was well kept. 

Wilder had been waiting. He could not decide which he wanted more… to eat…or to wait… for news. Both equally stimulating, but not in all the same ways, unless he wanted them too be. In the interim the giant Lizard king had simply ordered food brought. Even now, in the full galley below; things were being, “handled”.  

 "Where is she?” the lisp very pronounced, more so then usual. “Did you put her in the cell?" There was an ugly under toe to his words. A riptide, that said the question was lethal. His reptilian eyes blinked slowly…,  and methodically. It was an illusion that made pray, reckless. Appearing that Wilder was sluggish and or even docile, made him twice as dangerous in reality. Maxel knew this and was careful to mind his own responses. 

"Yes.” His response was steady and practiced over a long time, to avoid a mistake. “Should I put her into the machine? Should I shove her in… the same as Liza?” The man was suppressing the desire to purr, at all costs. “It will pass, it should pass… the shifting and life enhancements. It should make the clones better. They will upgrade automatically. We will have our forever warriors. There will be no army, ever able to stand against your highness, ever again. It is what we have been working for." Maxel tried to keep his voice level, and above all, loyal. 

Wilder’s eyes were all black. The stare was empty, but not. It was deadly… cold… calculated and precise. The glare a final threat, made real! "I had considered treating her as her mother. I wanted to have fun and show her that making me angry was not a good idea.” The man, the humanity… nearly gone completely from his form, but the tangible vengeance created by its absence… shocking. “However, I… no WE, (further declaring his position) understand that the Bloods and their followers are gaining in the war. We need better clones." The Admiral spoke sharply. “Oh and Maxel… I think I like that highness title very much. We will add that too to the program.”

The scientist listened attentively. They had a plan, him and Wilder. It was a good plan. Upgrade the clones and create a better tomorrow. Wilder still had the same plan, he had simply added king or even "Emperor” as part for himself. It was a bonus. 

Dr. Maxel did not see a whole lot of difference between Admiral of a Destroyer, king of whatever planet you liked…or even Emperor of the Galaxy. All held huge power in every sense of the word. That was a little out of his area. Maxel liked things personal. Power over one person. Power to play with, to torment, to enjoy… At that level, you see the reactions of those you control or use. That made Maxel smile. If Wilder did well, it was the same. Maxel would still be in a nice position, of his kind of power.  

"It is for their own good. Don't the Bloods see that clones are the future? They have always been the future. Clones have no souls. They are just empty cardboard people. We can make use of them. They are material." His voice continued to carry a terrible lisp to every word. It added an ominous tone. Like his words were hand-picked, having more than one meaning. Most all of them equaled Wilder was to be Emperor or whatever title he liked.  Maxel knew that saying anything negative would only get him self killed. What was it to Maxel any way? He was safe. He loved his plush, perfect life. It would always be that way and that was fine with him. "Purr".

10) Help, Least Expected

Captain William Jakes was angry. He had been used again. Yes, his sight had returned. For that, he was extremely grateful. Maxel could have left him on Omega. He had never been the most kind, loving of fathers? Experimenting on your own kid, even if it is your foster son or ward, is sick. On every level… that is just plain wrong. The enhancements Maxel was so proud of… made Jakes so much less than human. Well at least according to Jakes point of view. That is why he left two years ago. He thought he had found an “assignment” away from all of this, and he made an unconscious gesture with his right hand. It encompassed the whole vessel in one sweep. 

Now what? More importantly; where was the girl that had saved his life? Yes, he had saved her back, but that had just been the right thing to do. They could have both died, right there at the wreck site. 

Prince Charming, and all of that hero stuff set aside, he would not be alive if she had not come along. Wait! There it was again. He was “off task”? He was flawed, and broken somehow, but only just… Not so much as to be non-functional. 

That is why… Jakes had taken the far-off assignment in the first place. Something was wrong with him that could not be fixed. Whatever Maxel had been trying to accomplish, was a mystery to him. He foolishly thought he had been on his own and free for a while. Now, to find out he was still being used? At the very edge of nowhere, and he was still someone’s toy! Now he just hated the man, Maxel… openly. 

Yet again the most important question; where now… is the girl? 

The space man walked down the main corridor to the lift. He stepped in and touched the button; arrow down. Surely if she, his heroin was in trouble, and William figured that she was, the cells, the lower cells were the first, best place to look. The motion was swift. The car went to the right level. The doors swished open and William Jakes stepped out. He took only one step… as there was little or no room for more. A big security man was waiting. He was there just at the entry point to the main access. A guard obviously, and someone that would have to be dealt with, or he was already stopped, before he began. Well, that is what Will thought. 

Oddly, without warning or sign… the huge giant, the massive man in front of him had a very surprised expression. Not angry at all. In fact… somewhat shocked or even stunned somehow? He made a tiny "eek" sound from somewhere inside… barely audible at all. He did that; just before falling straightforward on his face. He made no attempt at all to stop himself. He did not even place his hands or arms outward. Just…  "Wham". He was only inches, if that from Jakes. Fainted or passed out, dead away, right there on the spot in front of Jakes. The deck was metal. It was very hard. 

Behind, where the man had stood… there was just a fragile looking old woman. She had a crisp white scientist coat on from lab twelve. The patch was clearly visible on the right pocket. Twelve, that was where plants and animals often ended up… dissected… aboard ship. It was a collection center and a testing area, for scientific purposes. 

The ancient woman’s hair was gray and white, kind of speckled. In her small, petite… tiny hands, she held an empty syringe and medicine bottle. Looking directly at Jakes; she made an odd sniffing expression on her face. "You smell funny. I think I know you." The old woman stated very clearly. Then she chattered like a mouse or maybe squirrel. "You smell like my brother. That means you are in my bloodline. You are on my side. Do you understand?" She waved the needle with her hand… back and forth… and then kept it still. Again, the old woman looked at Jakes, clearly waiting for an immediate assent of understanding. 

"We are related?" Jakes stuttered this time.  

"Yes. I do not have time to explain. We must hurry…” She made a face… animal in nature… and then all too human. It was a scowl. “Where is Tesandra? I have come to take her home. I have come to save her." Again the old woman made a chattering noise at the end. It was oddly understandable, even if not words… the sounds, taking on a meaning… nearly as direct. 

"I think we are looking for the same person," Jakes stated. His voice was hoarse sounding even to his own ears. He swallowed hard, and tried to be strong. “Tesandra.” He spoke her name out loud. It was like music. The finest he had ever heard… in his life. Then, quickly he recovered and he gathered himself together. He jumped over the fallen security man. Jakes moved across the small space to the information station, and hit a few buttons. "She is here. This way! Come with me." Jakes watched the woman carefully. Her face was a puzzle of mixed emotions. 

Jakes moved back to the body of the very still guard on the floor. He then bent down and relieved the man of his master keypad.   "We might need this!" Jakes grasped it tightly to his side. He stood up, and then motioned toward the open hallway. That way… that was toward the cells and holding areas. It was the right direction. 

Together, without another word, they started down the hall at a brisk pace. William Jakes was in the front and the stranger just behind. He did not have a weapon yet or rather at the moment. That could be a problem.  He would fix that soon. Something told him the tiny lady that was on his heels was armed. She was dangerous for sure. Maybe not in as much as a gun would be, but for her size, she had taken out a mountain back at the entrance, easily enough. William Jakes was sure she was far more than she first appeared. He would not make a mistake to sell her short. 

They passed several locked doors. Then just up ahead there were two more guards. "I can handle at least one, but there may be a bit of a scuffle with two," Jakes told the frail old woman. “We need to be swift, or they will raise the alarm.”

"That is okay. We can take them." Rin smiled. 

Jakes liked the old lady a lot. If he was somehow related to her, that was all the better.  She had style. If they had the same ancestry somehow that would be okay with him. It would in fact give him a breath, the life source of a real family… he had never felt inside before. 

The first guard started to say something at their approach, but he barely made a sound. It was his last. A tiny pin sailed past Jakes' ear. Some kind of tech dart hit the big fellow in the neck. The aim was perfect, and the distance nearly twenty paces away.  Moments later his partner was there beside him. They looked asleep. They were still like the last giant… crumpled like wads of paper on the floor. Jakes did not want to stop and ponder the possibilities. If they did not get the girl and get out of here fast, they would all be in a cell. Jakes never wanted to be back aboard Maxel's vessel again, until he became blind. That had momentarily changed. But now, helping Maxel hurt others? What did Maxel know about Jakes past? How had that made capturing some poor girl on a faraway world important? One thing was sure. If it were bad news for Maxel, Jakes was all about it. Helping her escape, that would be bad news. 

The old bitty beside him was on a mission, all of her own. How they were connected Jakes figured would come out in the end. At the moment they were on the same path. Rescue Tesandra. That was her name according to his accomplice rescuer. Two had a better chance of success, so Jakes went right along with things. 

They stood together at the door to a cell. It was the right one. Jakes used the master pad he had brought from the first altercation at the front entry area. He had not even broken a special code, as his worked still. How odd? 

The door of the holding pen slid back with a soft swish sound. There, there she was. Beautiful… beyond words… She had lovely, long hair, loose and uncontrolled, like her stance; her bearing. The woman was immediately ready to fight, without reserve, her dark penetrating eyes said as much. She was not tall or short, but perfect in build. It had to be her. He had not even heard her talk yet, but she was so striking, she matched the voice he remembered in looks alone. Funny, he never thought of himself as a poet, but the idea that someone could look like their voice? That made him smile. 

 "We are here to save you," Jakes stated like a prince to a damsel in distress. The only thing missing was a white horse. 

Tes could not believe her eyes. It made her feel a little amused inside. Not in a bad way, but in the very best. This strange man had risked everything to help her. That made it clear. This man… this one… was not friends or worse related to that creature, the giant cat. The man named Maxel if “man” he still was at all, felt evil. Everything about him radiated it. Jakes did not have that. Jakes had an entirely different smell… too. 

It made her feel a bit less singular. Instead of facing certain death she was now faced with the possibility of a new path. Death still more than likely, but the smallest bit easier to stare at without flinching.  

Then, Rin stepped into view. "Rin! What are you doing here?” A complete shocked… and surprised look too Tes’s features. “How did you shift?" Tesandra was shaken, fully realizing it must have been a great cost to the woman. She had not thought it possible. If Maxel found that Rin was here? He would pull her apart and take what he wanted inside. Rin was in terrible danger. Tes felt the edge of panic. Yet, it was only the rim. 

"You did not come back to the tree.” The woman chattered on. “I watched them come. I watched them come from the sky.” Her eyes were glazed as she tried to form each word properly. “I remembered who they were.” Her vision cleared. She looked right at Tesandra. “They were bad men." Rin chattered low and then softly and then not at all. "They are going to kill you. They killed your mother. You know that right?" Rin was now crying softly. "I smelled her. They used her to make the clones better. But she was not strong enough to stop them, so it worked. Liza would be very sad." 

"Rin, you are not safe here. And you." Looking directly at Jakes, you I don’t know what to say to you.” 

Jakes had been silent up until then. He had been mesmerized by her. She was by far the most incredible woman he had ever seen. It was her bearing, her appearance, her hair, her eyes, her movements… her words, their tone, whatever she was speaking… sounds…; he could not say for sure?  Another moment had passed and he gathered up his wits. "We do have to get out of here. We need to move now.” Then he stumbled a little… “I would have helped you back at the ship, my ship, the crash… but I could not. Now I have my sight back. I can help. I am not going to let you suffer for helping me." Jakes stepped up. "Now let's get out of here." 

Tes knew they were not going to leave without her. That is even if she asked them directly. How could she tell them that they had very little chance of success? Escape was a dream. The reality of what was going to happen was much different. So, Tes moved anyway. That was cheerful. It meant that she was again, still more human than even she thought. Besides, the crazy man standing there at the entrance to the holding cell was not going to be easily swayed either. Not to mention the ancient squirrel that refused to succumb to tyranny.  

"Okay. Let's get out of here." Tesandra Mayweather Wilder smiled the best she could under the circumstances. We can take a ship. We can steal one.” Tes crossed the small space to the doorway, and then went right on by the others. She quickly led the way, back down the hall. Tesandra was always in control. She was a born leader, just part of the plan. As she leaped over the two men that had guarded her, she wanted to laugh.  Instead she spoke lightly, "Teach you to deal with a squirrel".  

Then, further on up ahead…  Tes did laugh, out loud. The big, mountain of a man at the main desk was dead or still asleep on the floor. Tes decided… alive. When she got just close enough, she could hear him breathing. It was just another gift, from her basic design. What else could she do, even Tesandra had no idea! Being on this ship, being close to so many, at the same time, was “different”. Parts of her were filling in the gaps, while others were learning and adjusting. It was overwhelming and intoxicating, but not fearful.  

As for the man, the guard… on the floor; Tes did not think that Rin had it in her to truly kill anyone. But limits can be pushed and, or even broken. As for if Jakes, the man in her group, the blind man that could now see; would he kill? She did not know. That remained to be seen. He smelled right. His form was pleasant and his heart… warm. He had shown compassion and empathy. His being here now was the picture of true bravery.   

Jakes was right behind Tes. He moved with trained speed. Jakes was not some helpless human on a rock, a planet in the middle of nowhere. He was not blind. No he had been. He could not see his own hand in front of his face, but that had been corrected. He had been given a second chance. He was grateful… but at what cost? 

Now… Jakes a fully trained combat warrior, was at her call. Oh, and of human descent. That was a plus. The fact that his line had a few up-grades did not seem to bother him any longer either. Without all that had happened to him in his life, Jakes knew now, he would be dead. Jakes could never have gone through the crash and all the rest and lived. He had spent his whole life denying his past. This woman… had told him it did not matter. She had changed his whole life. Now… he had found acceptance. Who ever this young woman was, she had fire. He loved that too. This Tes girl had made him think outside the box. It was not okay that he was treated like a clone. But it was not okay that clones were treated like clones either. What were they then? How did they fit in? 

Making our selves… look at our selves…
Can be blinding, or clear…

No one had to tell Rin twice to come along. She was like a shadow glued to the others. Saving Tesandra was all she could think of. It had been terrible to change to this…  human shape. It had been painful. She liked being a squirrel so much better. But the mean people were back. Rin could not have just sat in that tree and watched without trying to help. Tes would not die like her mother if Rin could help it at all. 

11) Stay or Go?

The hall outside the brig area was completely empty. Tes looked right and left and then took a deep breath. The right was clear. That was the best path. She broke into an easy walk run, passing two corridors on the right to finally reach the third. There she stopped and motioned the others to be quiet. 

A man coughed, cleared his throat and walked right into view. He was very surprised to be, suddenly face to face with Tes. She smiled and told him to go to sleep. It was easy. His eyes closed and he drifted off. It happened so fast, she had to catch him as he fell forward. She guided his body to the hard floor. Then she looked back at the others. They had unspoken questions on their faces, but there was no time. New abilities were surfacing. Useful tools were at hand. She put her finger to her lips for quiet and stood up. Turned and continued down the passageway. 

That had been easy Tesandra thought. She just had no idea of all the things rippling out… from her energy… her life force. She had touched two clones on the way to the cell, where she had been placed. She had felt their thoughts. They had been crystal clear like water in a glass. They were not deep in complication. Yet, they were not shallow in presence. They wanted to serve. They wanted to do what was needed. It was their reason for existence from their very core. Tes had only imprints of clones from her parents. This…  was not, had not been an echo like all the rest, but the real deal. 

They, the grown ones were not alive as Tes knew life. They were just living. That was not the same at all. Thankfully, they did not really know that themselves. That is why they looked to the humans for instructions. Just because they were so empty, did not give anyone of them less worth. Using the clones, was wrong.  

The corridor ended in a large room. It had a double door entrance, now… wide open. It was a bay area. There were many, many ships. A dozen vessels were being made ready for a mission. Clones were bustling about on duties set for them. No one seemed to notice that the three strangers had arrived. There were no alarms.  

Tes glanced down the long line of transports in the huge hangar. There were various options. Most were one man fighters but there were others. There were medical transports and two scouts. That was Tes's goal. A scout ship would have interplanetary capabilities. If they were lucky, the vessel would even be set up for sleep. A long sleep in a deep coma tube would help put distance between “Wilder” and them. That meant they could go even farther away. 

Would that ever be too far to be worth the chase? That was doubtful. The company of a scout's vessel was six. That too would be perfect. They, Jakes, Rin, and Tes could go back to Omega, find and retrieve father. The other scientists, well, probably too late for them. By Tes's calculations, they were not salvageable, even by Wilder's standards. 

If Tesandra got free and away, then she could be anything. Go anywhere she wanted. This experience, this new set of realities, had enhanced her. It had changed her already, far from where she had been back on Omega. It had taken only a single touch… but it had happened. 

Wilder would never find, just her. If it had been only Tes in the beginning, she would still be a bear. Bear's don't care about falling objects from the sky. However, that was yesterday or the day before? Tes had lost count of time. In any case, it no longer mattered. The problem was Rin and the man. Also the fact that her mother's work would be wasted? Did that matter? A lifetime spent planning and preparing for nothing. Liza set off to stop a war. The fact that her daughter may ultimately be part of the price to succeed, would never have stopped all that Liza set into motion. Tes was sure of that. 

Without slowing even a little, Tes simply walked right out into the main area. She headed to the outfitting station, grabbed the necessary ship suit, uniform and got dressed. Rin and Jakes did exactly the same. As a team, they turned and walked toward the scout. It was not that far. It was only a couple of hundred feet from the entrance where they came in. No one stopped them or even looked their way. Jakes dared to wonder why? Then he figured it out. They were all clones. Every time Tes was near one, it, or rather they… seemed to just do what she needed to be done. 

Still? 

The ramp to the ship was already down. Freedom was very close now. Steal the ship, open the door, get out and go home. It was so simple. 

Suddenly, there were blaring alarms going off all over, and lights flashed. "Alert, a prisoner escaped." The voice on the main con screamed out. The clones proceeded with what they were doing, just a little faster. Nothing else happened. 

Tesandra walked on to the top of the ramp. There was only one clone standing there. He looked like a guard for the ship. She walked right up to face him squarely. There was a tense moment, a breath. Then the man stepped aside. No words had passed at all. There had just been a look between Tes and the man. Rin and Jakes simply followed Tes, into the ship. 

Once inside they set about getting her ready. Rin had a hard time with speaking in this human form, but remembering how to plan and ready a ship? That, she had not forgotten at all. Rin took the pilots seat and proceeded to prepare for launch.  

Tes stepped to the captains chair but did not set down. She gestured with her right hand to the seat. "Jakes, take the chair." Tes leaned in real close as Jakes sat down. "No matter what happens, I want you to make sure that Rin gets home. Save her life, like it was mine. Do you understand?" Tes's bright eyes locked with Jakes. He found that he could not help but promise her anything. What power she had? Did not seem to matter, he would have willingly complied regardless. The fact that Tes had saved his life was more than enough. Whatever it took to help her and this old woman was everything that Jakes was prepared to do. "I promise. I promise on your very life."

Jakes tried to put all the emotion he could into the one word. "Yes."

 	Tes wanted to live. Until the falling object in the sky, she had been truly happy. Now? Stay or go? Stay and give them what they want? But it will be surely more then they dared dream. The price would be her life. What did that matter, if the cost was high for her? It would save many. In the short time, she had been aboard the destroyer she had come to know the clones had no true life. They were just living. Like goldfish in a bowl, eating and doing as they were told. 

 Humbly to give them an upgrade to shift and live forever? If they lived longer, would they learn to think for themselves? Would they ever be free? Liza Mayweather did not think so. That is why she fled in the first place. The unanswered question, of a future, not as it should be, was repeating itself. 

Liza was faced with "Stay or Go", and she ran. Tes was now faced with it as well. Tes heard the engines ignite and the ship lift. The decision had been made for her. Well for at least the time being. 

12) Seasons

Maxel was outraged. One clone had been carried off to sick bay already. The other had refused to wake up at all. Permanently damaged, slated for removal. The faraway would have many bodies today. The med team was coming back to retrieve it shortly. The cat-man spat on the clone still prone on the deck in front of Tes's cell. "Worthless, cardboard beings, is all that you are! It is all that you will ever be." Maxel strained so hard to really yell, he caught a hair in his throat. To his embarrassment, a large ball flew out of his mouth and across the room. Maxel looked around. No one noticed or cared. He kicked the clone on the floor with his foot. It hurt his foot. He was not really a physical kind of man. That was for Wilder and his lot. 

Michael Wilder, the king… was heading down the main hallway toward where Maxel was still standing. Maxel did not like the idea of being so close to Wilder in small places. The Admiral had been known to let his anger get out of hand from time to time. A few clones lost, was not a big deal. However, there had been a few humans too. It had caused a problem for a while. But magically, all problems went away with time. That was good. But the lesson for Maxel was to be careful. Maxel did not forget. He had the nine lives of a cat and meant to keep all of them.

"Where is the girl?" The lisp was strong today. Wilder's eyes were fully opened and his tongue flicked in and out dangerously. It was unpleasant to watch. Maxel felt more than a little unsettled. 

"Admiral, she has escaped. I believe that William Jakes is helping her. That must be the only explanation. I have issued a red alert. She will be found. The clones will bring her back." Maxel tried to put all the confidence he possessed, into his voice. He did not want Wilder to think him weak. Weak gets eaten. 

"Prepare the machine. You are wrong Maxel. It is the clones that are helping her. I don't know why or exactly how… but I know it. Get the true bloods we have in service. Make them find her. Perhaps she has shifted and changed her scent. That is one way the clones would not know her, for being different than they are. It helps them accept her, and is destabilizing their root dynamic. It is a dangerous premise.”  His eyes rolled as if mimicking a very human like facial reaction. He turned on the cat. “You heard me. Prepare the machine. We are going to make the upgrades to our soldiers. We will use what we have now. It is flawed ever so slightly… but near perfect… so it will be enough. We will do it before it is too late. I… “We” will be Emperor this night." The beast, the giant, spoke; holding his right hand over his own heart. Wilder was then done with Maxel. He turned back the way he had come. 

It hit him… Liza would have taken a ship to escape. So Tes will take a ship. Wilder reacted. He moved lightning fast down the hallway. The reality of the information so clear, was hidden well, up until and before now. The king knocked two clones down that were heading in the door… while on his way. It did not slow Wilder at all. 
Moments passed and Michael had gained speed and distance. He was already at the entrance to the hangar. In a fraction of a moment, he surmised that the best way to leave the destroyer vessel, his flag ship, would be to take a scout. There were two. 

The Lizard… the being, the inhuman…  felt pulled… overwhelmed with the need to tear Tesandra apart. Somehow in his desire to find her, to gain his goal, he had perhaps miscalculated. Tes might be dangerous, more dangerous than he had imagined. It had not occurred to him… until now. That had never crossed his mind. He had underestimated Liza and, now repeated his mistake with Tes. Why? Why had he underestimated the possibilities? 

Liza was dead, but she had been a planner. Wilder had never contributed in that area. He was a man of action. 

Tesandra Mayweather Wilder was no love child. She was no accident. Liza never left things to chance. It had just never occurred to Wilder until now, that a baby would be a problem. He thought it had been a weakness on his lover’s part. That was okay with him, another way to control her, and make sure she stayed in line. It had just turned out harder to do than he had expected.  

Tes was no longer a baby either. She was a full grown shifter. Obviously, she was also a lifer. What that even meant in the long run, who knew? Wilder wanted the shifter ability. Being a lizard had drawbacks. He had tried repeatedly to fix the experiment but never could get the right outcome. Tes's blood, her DNA would do it. It would do all kinds of things. Tes was worth her weight in gold a thousand times over. 

The Lizard king, Michael Wilder's foot… touched the ramp of the scout, just as it had begun to slide up… and into the side of the ship. Wilder grinned an evil face, a scowl that would place fear into the heart of even the bravest. 

"I picked correctly." The Admiral patted himself on the back for choosing the right ship from the two choices that were possible. How did he know? He could feel her.  The beast bounded to the top of the ramp and straight into… through the hatchway. A moment later and he would not have made it. His clawed hand hit the inner switch and the door opened, to the inner vessel. Wilder was aboard.

The Lizard took a deep breath, closed his eyes and felt the rhythm of the vessel. There were three on board. The pulse of their heart was easy to recognize. He could also smell Rin. "Ah, Rina… Rina Porter. The scientist, and assistant to Liza Mayweather for over ten years was here. “You, are still alive?” The lisp was heavy with every word. “You will be fun. I will find you and take you… back with me. There are lots of things you can do with rodents for entertainment." Wilder grinned and showed his true smile. All of his teeth, were brightly on display along his lower jaw. 

"Maxel, old man, you were right. Jakes is here too." Speaking to the cat, that was no where around. They were just words, open to the very air. 

Odd how Rina and William Jakes smelled so much alike? Was there a connection? Wilder really did not care. It was all the same. They all lived and they all could or in this case… would die. 

Jakes was just human or part human anyway. He was nothing. Maxel did not even like the man. He had raised him out of guilt. Maxel had accidentally or perhaps on purpose, it was unclear… killed his mother by dosing her with increased experimental drugs. After that, he continued on Jakes himself for a long time. Only by accident did the young man ever find out and runoff. Wilder thought it was all humorous. Using people for personal gain, was not new… to him… at all. 

The lizard part of the Admiral grew in strength. It felt good to be primal. He did not get to let go… often enough. He was always having to do the right thing. Hold on to the facade of being a perfect Admiral in a perfect human fleet. Wilder was not human and he did not even like them. What he was, he was unclear. The fact that he was in power over all others, was different altogether. That was okay. He shook his head from side to side rather violently. A fog had settled over his brain. The animal part was taking over more of his thought processes. 

Wilder was afraid. Had Tes done something to him? He had not even met her directly, yet. If it was necessary to allow the beast inside himself to take more control then so be it. That way he could hunt her down and solve this problem here and now. If he had to, he could manually drag her to the machine and throw her in. Wilder would have his forever soldiers. He would be Emperor of the entire galaxy and no one was going to stop him. 

13) Extinction and Denial

Tesandra Mayweather had stepped to the main view screen. She looked out. She was more than a little surprised, at their success. The scout ship left the main hangar. It went right out the flight-way, down and through the launching tunnel… unchallenged. No one had tried to stop them at all. Rin had programmed the navigation computer to take them back to Omega. That was at least a plan for the moment. Father… He had to be retrieved. 

Jakes was kicking back taking an instance, a single heartbeat to be grateful they were not all dead, or worse? Jakes knew about the machine. It was not a good subject. Then Jakes really did not care for science as a whole. Everything had always gone wrong for him in that department. Well, other than getting his site back. That was at least one thing he would be forever thankful for. 

This was new territory for Tes. She had pretty much; followed what her imprints had given her in the way of a map, up until this moment. There had been a thousand scenarios possible. Each had been given attention and rated among the others. The list, was very long. On the one hand, her mother thought Tesandra would more than likely end up in the machine. The math… added that way. On the other…?

The created mind, it was like a giant computer, built from organic material. It was alive and not… similar to the clones that were “part” of it. The real difference was harder to gauge at all… at times. Father, the old man, the scientist… named it the “beast”. He made no correction for the term. It was how he felt from the beginning. It was how he would feel until the end. 

Mother said “it” was not real, not alive that is. It was not living by any definition known up until the date of its first awakening. Tesandra wondered what the difference was, alive or was it dead? It was metal, and gears and tape… bound tightly with material… sinew, ligaments and muscle similar to; blood and sway… and bone. Worse, or most importantly to note; you still fed it. Or rather, it was fed… and often.  

The damage had already been done to Wilder and his army. Maybe even right now, it was happening. Tes could not fathom what a mess. A touch, it had been, a simple touch. 

When she had come into contact with the first two clones, she had realized how empty they were. Clones were not alive. Not real clones anyway. They were just created individuals to be used and abused at will. That was not right, not fair, not supposed to be real, not humane, and much less human. It was not as we know it. None of it. 

Lonely, empty, hollow…

Liza, her mother… thought they were like children. They were not. They were more like insects. They had the need to be useful and do a thing well, then die. The fact that Wilder was going to have them live forever was just wrong. She had given something of herself to the vacuum. She had held out her own ache for acceptance, and found common ground. One, became two, two became four… and the virus, the truth, the reality… spread.
Now, Tes dared to think they had a moment to rest. But it was not true. It was already gone. The time so short, it was hardly worth considering. A roar, a real guttural growl, that of a alpha predator came… right from the doorway to the command center. The noise, the reverberation broke their peaceful reverie, or what there had been of it. Wilder leaped into the room, landing only a foot or two away from the captain's chair.  Jakes was already half out of it, rising to attack when Wilder grabbed him fast. He picked him up… completely off the deck; one-handed and threw him across the room. Like a rag doll, he fell in a mixed pile of legs and arms. Rin froze. She was stock still, right at her controls. She did not chatter, she did not even blink her eyes. 

Wilder may not have noticed her at first, she was after all small. That did not make her less deadly. In one trained action, Rin pulled out her little shooter weapon and let fly. Two tiny pins sailed in the direction of the mighty creature, that once was a man. They just bounced off. Rin knew fear. His hide was thick, he would never go down easy… if at all.  

Dead cold eyes, turned toward the tiny gray faced woman. 

"Leave her alone father," Tes yelled out clearly. Her voice was strong and sure of herself.  "I am the one you came for. You searched the galaxy to find me.” The finality of her words similar to a doctor, calling out the “time of death”… Tesandra’s skin was highly agitated, and ready. It would change, she would change… “Come father, let us embrace." Tes did not wait for further reply. She leaped over the rail between the seats and the entrance… to the room. The intention deadly and directed… aimed at the Lizard. 

All six foot two inches of the once human scientist, was now a horrific monster… on any normal scale. Wilder met her with claws fully extended… ready. Tes was not human, however. She let go of her inner bear. She let go of everything and let it take over. The deep, hidden animal that she had come to love was now going to protect her like no other shape could. Not just any bear, but every bear. The polar one; on ice, the grisly; in the high mountains… the maujax in the hidden lands on Rigella, and many nameless ones on lands, not listed any longer, anywhere. Every great animal, every part that made them all that they were… now all that Tes could be. The best of them, in one beast, created to be exactly… what she was meant to be. She changed in mid-leap. It was incredible, mesmerizing and fleeting in its completion. Painful…? Did it matter? No. 

The outcome, a true match for anything of nearly any size…

Michael Wilder… the Lizard king, waited for Tes to advance. He did not roar in defiance, no. He turned with his malicious eyes, to look her way. Then his tongue darted out and in. His teeth, shown ever so slightly… it was a cruel, nasty smile. 
 
The creatures grappled together and rolled across the hard metal floor. Wilder bit into Tesandra's broad neck and she screamed. It was a human scream… It came from a very inhuman animal. Claws racked back and forth, scraping skin from body and hide. There were open gashes. This was a violent mauling without concern of repercussion. This was for everything. This was for the earth. It was for the known planets. It was for the unknown worlds yet to be explored. 
It was life, and or death.

In a single moment of pause, "You must die! I need what you have!" Wilder hoarsely whispered his tainted evil words into her ear. He did his best to convince, his best to soft sell his desires, it was aimed at her… to her inner recklessness. As with power, there is always an underline of chaos. If not considered, it was a weakness. It was exploitable. Michael Wilder knew that to be true, from a lifetime of success. He was trying hard, one last time.  

"No, father I will not listen. It is too late. They are mine. The clones are all mine. They hear me. They talk to me. They are alive and they are going to be free. It is how it should be. It was always how it should be.” The soft eerie faraway voice came from the very throat of the bear. “Your mistake…” An growl… low and primal… “You should never have come for me." Tes… was solemn in her response.  

Panic filled Wilder. What was she talking about? They, were hers? What had he missed? How had he failed? 

Michael Wilder, the Lizard king… fought harder.

What was he missing?
How had he lost everything??
How was this happening to him???

Michael, the man… had to kill his own daughter. 

It was the only way.

14) Queen Everlasting

My name is Test Eve Subject One. It was shortened to Tes1 and then simply Tes… when I was young so that I might come to know what being “human” was like. There is a lot to be said in a name. It tells you where you have been, and gives you the chance at a future, to where you might go. There is a lot of power in words. Names are words. 

I am the daughter of Michael Wilder the Lizard king and Liza Mayweather a cutting-edge scientist of the 22nd century. They were on a mission, both separately and together to make a better human. That was a mistake from the beginning. Playing god is, was, and always will be… wrong. No one has that right. My parents had different goals, but the work was much the same. I was the product of that work. 

My mother named me Tesandra… 
as I… was never a test… (TES) to her…
Until I had my own daughter,
 I never understood that as clearly,
As I do now!

Now I am Queen. I am Queen Everlasting. You see. My DNA was changed. My very being was changed before I was born. I had nothing to do with it. If I had a choice in any of it, I would have been something else. Anything else at all would have been better. That was not my fate. 

The battle on the ship, the scout ship… went on for several minutes. It felt eternal, but it was not. Michael Wilder lost. Somewhere while trying to kill me, my father's grip on humanity vanished. The monster, the thing… inside took over completely. I could feel it. Maybe it was just another ability provided by accident or even possible intent… of my designers. It was hard to be clear. But it was real, ever moving forward as I accepted my life. It was now… at that very point… just a creature. It was one of a kind and alone. Experiments are like that. They go wrong. Not always, but sometimes. It… ate my father. It ate him away… and any humanity he… had ever possessed. That which might have saved even a part of him, had been taken. There was no return. By all accounts he… was simply gone. 

It was a hard fight. I had never killed anything in my life up until then unless it was to eat. The event was life-changing. A point in time you could not go around, so trying to reconsider… possibilities was fruitless. 

Back on the main ship, Maxel had thought him self safe. Wilder had gone after the girl… and that kept him busy. Maxel liked keeping the Admiral entertained. It took the heat off of him self. However, in this case, that was not true. The clones that had come into contact with Tesandra Wilder, had changed. They had touched her. They had felt… something. They had reported back… and downloaded their knowledge into the machine. Slowly… ever so slowly, new thinking was being passed through the clone consciousness. "Freedom", was the word. Self-aware was coming. It was not the real thing, as clones were by nature just shells. But for them, it was glorious. They had learned what they were…, how they could be useful… and that they would eventually die. They would not be upgraded. That was somehow… comforting. But to have a purpose, a beginning, and an end was a wonderful dynamic of perfection… as it should be. 

Long live the Queen!

Rina Porter returned to being a squirrel again… as soon as we landed on Omega. She lives in the big tree on the slope even to this day. I did not believe her to be a life'er, but being happy does add years, according to science. So it did not matter. Rina was very, very old… and still going. She was always welcome back at court, but rarely returned. 

Owl… or rather Father was dead. We found him. His body was all animal… but still. He had been discovered at the crash site. He was there. No one… nothing… had touched his remains. He must have come there… He must have been there; looking for me. He had died… next to the ship… found lying out in the open. There had been no signs at all of a fight. 

Father was a good man, and had the best of intentions. He must have spent his last hours, wondering? How “they” had succeeded, the evil that would never stop… for surely… it was true, he would know by the marks and clues left. That was hard to live with, but things happen. He knew they would come… one day. He would never have been surprised. The actual cause of his death… was not known… and not apparent even after a complete inspection. So his remains were simply, respectfully… buried and marked accordingly. No one to dig them up was left. So no one would take them for “use”. No one would ever take them for “miss-use” either. 

William Jakes? Well, he is still around. I think he is sweet on me. The fact that he may not be a clone, but has upgrades, does not seem important to him anymore. That is good, because it was not important and should never have been given greater due then needed. Life was precious… all of it. We are who we are… and men that think they can do better then the real, true and only Lord, are just fools. 

I took Will… or rather William… back to the crash site too, of our original meeting. I took him there to look out upon the Blade. It was important to see. It was not a storm day, but a clear day. You could see for miles and miles, maybe to the very edge of the other side? Maybe! 

The valley below was in shrouds of clouds, steam rising here and there. Ivory white towers of marble uncut by man, but shaped by force and nature. Shale gray, and graye… rolled rocks, tumbled by turns like marbles in a kids collection jar. Ebony black… rocks, spikes… sheer glass, twisted and revealed by lightening and chaos… Lava, once hot and fierce, frozen fountains etched solidly now in the forever cold. 

All of it, breathtaking, beautiful… fierce and unfriendly… 
Truly deadly to all!

Uninviting, dangerous and deadly, the fall would have killed Tes, it would have taken them both. He was quiet for a long time. Then he told me, "I am glad I have a friend in the woods." His smile was so bright. He took my hand in his, then he kneeled on one knee… stared up into my eyes… and asked… 

My hair is blue now. I like it that way, like when I am a bear. It is better than brown hair by far. I still have not learned to be a bird… yet. But I will before the end. 

 “The Edge of Nowhere!”

This is the continued saga
of the Mayweather and Jakes ruling family!

The brand new…
Full first chapter of book two,
Just for your reading pleasure.
The full release coming Christmas 2020
  
Supporting the author and artist in all of us!
If you received this from a friend, please check back to
www.booksbyafoster.com

More Books by A. Foster
BooksbyAFoster.com

The Edge of Nowhere

By A. Foster

Book 2 of the Everlastingly War
The epic saga… eternal soldiers, and… humans 
With…, and without… hearts! 

Hail to the Queen!

Raya’s mother was Tes Mayweather. She was the daughter of Liza Rayannee Mayweather. Both, mother and grandmother were accomplished scientists in several fields. Liza received her education from the most advanced professors available in the world... her whole life. She had an extremely high IQ naturally, and it was fed by the governing system of the times. She had been tested at a young age and shown worthy of attention. A path had been made clear and she had accelerated quickly through college and beyond. Liza had been awarded many times for her breakthroughs in several fields, concerning genetics and biomechanical engineering. That alone with other minor awards, accolades and acknowledgements in biology and the general sciences piled up her knowledge-base to be lofty indeed. It had allowed her to "outthink" or rather, stand outside her self... and look back at her own actions... her own life from a critical point of view. Liza had found that the truth was not pretty. 

Forever Soldiers were not just a general goal any longer. They were a reality, with all that she had been able to discover and achieve. That meant that clones would be able to shift, thanks to Liza and her team's findings... as well as mimic their own human creators. The ramifications of that possibility alone, much less all the other variations immediately springing from the main root... were all too violating and egregious to consider. It simply could not be allowed to happen, ever.

People... in power... that had designs on Liza's ideas, findings and ultimate achievements were no longer hiding in the wings. They were lining up and taking turns... reviewing uses, daily. Their plans were all solid as concrete. The truth, who ever controlled the clones, would control all. That kind of power... was final. It would only bring evil, exactly to hand for those that would use it mercilessly. The clones would be... the eventual and definitive governing force and army, greater than any ever known in man's history before. An even darker thought, it would be the "future of forever"... Forever!

Liza had run... 
She had tried to save her team... 
and failed. 
She had been captured. 
She had died. 
But...  the Lizard King 
had made a fatal mistake.

Tes Mayweather, had received her own education by the on-hands direction of the run-away scientists. Liza's team had become Tes's surrogate family. They had all tried to raise her as their own and maintain her safety. They were thankful to Liza for helping them get away, but her loss was sorely felt by all. Their own efforts and plans always to keep the powerful secrets they had found from ultimate misuse by their own government, still the driving force of their desire to remain hidden. Father, as the group referred to him most; whose true name was Professor Alexander Jedrick, and the others had taken Tes to live on the distant world Omega. It was a low tech world at the edge of a tiny sun's influence, covered with forests and cold country. It was easily habitable, but not the most hospital... There were freak storms, temperature-flux-u-a-ions and unpredictable thermo-geographic stability issues, left it low on the list of AFC; acquisitions for colonization. That had been in the scientist's favor or so they had hoped. 

They had gone there after her mother Liza had been caught. She had sacrificed herself... and they had all lived and went because of it. The scientists then saved Tes from her own father Michael Wilder. It was all they could have done in Liza's honor, and they had been humbly glad to do it. The evil man, Michael James Wilder had been consumed with ultimate power and his desire to be emperor of "all" had been revealed to Father. The older man had already guessed much of what was planned in the back ground, hidden by the betrayer... but he had been nearly too late. He had only warned Liza... just in time. 

Wilder had long since given over his humanity in favor of … better. Well... or rather... that was???  The world he wanted and nearly obtained? It was hard to fathom. But that was a long story all to itself. It was a drama full of trials and sadness, betrayal and madness, ultimately ending in one instance and beginning a new chapter in human kind. Wilder had spent his whole life cheating and standing on others to get his place next to Liza. Then, once he had what he needed… close… he took it. 

The rise of the Lizard King was a chapter in history
that marked a time of fear...
and it continued even after his demise.
Yet... an awakening... a renaissance,
a thirst for yesterday
was gaining a foothold
in every corner of the known world(s)!

Liza Mayweather was fed to the "beast", by Wilder himself, the man once her lover. He had used her not once, but repeatedly to gain everything during their personal and professional relationship. Funny… Liza berated her self, in the small moments before she passed. "So smart... so blind..." The young woman whispered with her last breath. 

Was it that she was so smart? It had blinded her by love to be taken advantage of by such darkness? Or... was their more to see, that Michael Wilder had missed in his anxious desire to achieve...?

His soul was consumed with greed and power even still... for more. The "beast", so named for its insatiable hunger for information and materials...  The same machine that turned out the clones, or more precisely or... ultimately named... Forever Soldiers. But for Wilder, everything from a slave to a useful guinea pig to experiment upon was all inclusive of his final need. Clones did tasks, jobs, daily chores of life for all humans... that could afford them... from the smallest to the largest. The task of making dinner, or cleaning up on one side…, and the exploration of dangerous planets... at the other end, left money to be made and made again. The process continuous and growing all the time. There were even human-run companies willing to pay for throw away bodies. That would be those that could be sent to far places... with little or no chance of survival at all. Oh and no way to return, no planned retrieval. It was all considered okay, if it were in the final effort... to further the empire and glorify Michael Wilder, the Lizard king. 

The action of pushing Liza into the workings... to tear her very being apart at its molecular level... was complicated, and a work in progress for Wilder. He had thought out every possibility, or so he believed he had... Yet, it had been Liza's DNA that had triggered everything for Tes and a nightmare for others. When she, daughter of Wilder… came aboard the command ship… on “day one” as counted by the clones, all progressed forward. That was the celebration day of the clones awakening. Or in this case… the choosing of a queen.  For them all time before that had no meaning at all. 

Michael Wilder a powerful scientist, an elitist that rose to the top on the backs of others… oh and their deaths as well was in complete power, or so he contended. He had captured Liza and extracted all he could before she died. However, in his efforts to win all the marbles things went wrong. He longed to be emperor. Leader of the galaxy, at least the known part was only one of his goals. Yet all his efforts failed, all his aspirations, all of his dreams. Liza had changed the way the clones perceived things… when they were presented with the new DNA. The structure of her belief system, her inner core, was made part of their whole. The clone insect mind found "it" had new question(s). It was unclear how to ask… so it waited for more… as it could; it was without age. That is how it understood things as the passing of time, by marking the acquisition of information gained or AIG.

That was the basis of Wilder’s supreme rule. Lost in one moment… when he ordered that they push Liza, unwillingly... violently, screaming into the machine… Liza became part of everything. The clone army he had built from scratch was forever changed. It had been fed “new” information.  The “would be” emperor had held the republic completely captive with their help, the clone forces. However… he had lost it and was completely unaware. 

"They", the empty ones with a new, hunger... had waited. They had waited a long time. They had waited long enough for the next step to take place… They had found the link. Tes was the DNA match. When she was brought to Wilder’s ship in captivity by the clones, the guards were soon… different. Others followed. Similar to a virus spreading through a body like a wild fire fever, the clones were aware. Now they would no longer listen to anyone… but the daughter of Liza… from her first encounter aboard the Lizard King’s command vessel. They took her into their charge, and she took them into her heart… forever understanding their emptiness and their oneness.   

“Hale to the hive queen!” a silent single voice composed of millions stretched across known space. It was beautiful, horrific, scary and unsettling on levels yet unknown by most. 
 
Changed and altered as it had been, but still holding the worth and wisdom of the center core. The mythical, “heart” of the machine was stabbed, and the captives chained to its needs were set free. 

The machine that takes and does not give.

That is how Raya looked at it. The mental beast,  was the one that gave all information… to the clones… from their creation to their demise, or at least that is the way that Raya liked to think of it. She like her own mother Tes, had the imprints of Liza’s own thoughts and patterns. At least up until the time that Liza had been captured… by the evil Lizard king… Michael Wilder. Then she had been forced into the darkness, but it had not worked as planned. Instead of taking from Liza the clones… learned… what they were… and they … were not happy. 

The history of a family and its roots are important. In Raya’s case, it was littered with great minds destroyed, given over to madness, or at least consumed by intent. The desire to do something beyond… 

The mantra that should be taken closest to heart...
The soul song that should be sang by all...

	Just because we can do a thing... we need to remember and ask... should we do it? and why are we doing it at all? What goal? What outcome? Lastly... are we willing to accept the failures and the consequences? Will there be no choice?

In Liza Mayweather’s case it had been to make better people. It was a high goal to eliminate danger and risk to humans and provide for better lives all around. She had been romanced into idealism; to make a race… that did not feel pain or perhaps could heal quickly. Longer life for true humans and gains all around with every step toward furthering science was fulfilling. Or at least the grand ideas seemed incredible and worth while in the beginning. They were not bad ideas right? No more sickness, deformity or other issues to deal with ever, sounded perfect. That would make living all the more worth while. That is until you mixed in the clones. That is what had tripped her grandmother up badly. They were a race created by the government. They were to do all things needed by humans. They did the dangerous jobs, or the ones that were in fact suicide missions from the get go. But soon after seeing how useful they were in that, they became so much more. So much more needed by all, turned into an unquenchable demand. They were even harvested for organs…  

(1)
Chapter ONE of The Edge of Nowhere!
Book 2 of the Everlasting Wars
And so it begins… again!

From the bridge of the Science Vessel; 
Mothra One
(Mothra… a fictional butterfly of enormous size and strength.)

Raya kicked back in the big chair at the front. It gave an excellent vantage point for the entire open area of the command deck, and allowed for perfect viewing of both the fore and aft screens… It was not the captain’s chair, but the second in command position. Just to be clear… the choice was not because she was avoiding power or authority by the way, it was simply more comfortable, and compliant to her needs. The young woman was never about pomp or circumstance. Even now she was not dressed any differently than a casual crew member on board a local Tazin freighter. She had no special braiding on her sleeves or even markings at her collar. The power and authority she controlled had nothing to do with chain of command in general or especially in symbols. It was about connections. The reality of that was even now too new for Raya to understand, so she chose to ignore the hum in the back ground of her deepest thoughts. It did not make it completely go away, but it did help.    

Rin, aka Rina Porter. Raya’s adopted grandmother… further known as the “old one” as it made her feel at least a little more important… would never have let Raya be so lax. Once a direct and right arm assistant to Liza Mayweather, and an excellent geneticist herself… Rina demanded that Raya stand up straight and be all that she could be 100% of the time. The problem was, Raya had no idea, what 100% even looked like. Her DNA was mixed up and even doctored together, beyond a casual experiment the final product was a road map to a genetic heaven… or worse, maybe a bio-genetic hell? Along with that… Raya’s own father "Jakes", had been IAI, (Improved and Injected). He had also been personally experimented on by Maxel, the lap dog or rather lap cat of the ugly king. Her own grandfather by direct bloodline being, Michael Wilder had been “changed” into a new kind of being... The very parameters of that final outcome, never documented well. All of that, the change... had originally been due to the quick thinking of “Father” the owl… but “again” that is a deeper story. Some would say he, that being the man, Michael Wilder had been consumed by his own ambitions. Being a giant lizard, does tend to affect one’s appetite. 

The final product of planned and perhaps unplanned events; “Raya”… or more specifically and importantly for those keeping historical records; 

Rayanne Liza Mayweather- Jakes, 
the future Queen of the Hive. 

The last word hive was being perhaps, by far the most important. For a human, or at least someone that is… or was mostly still… human, to fully understand … the insect style of thinking… was a constant task. The control of so many, all at once, wears on the physical and well being of mental capacities. It is noted that when the clones are close together, this influence is easier, further apart… it drifts and is not as sure. All things that had happened since Tesandra Mayweather came to be the ruler were still being analyzed and considered. However, the facts were fairly apparent. Well better stated, the main issues could be plotted, tracked, planned for and even altered. The small situations were not as important and primarily set on the basis of auto-pilot control, APC. As long as there was no direct change in a clone’s task, it would just continue. That led to less need or stress on the higher functioning nodes... and that in turn eased the control for the Queen. 

Liza Mayweather and then her own daughter Tes; had caused a species wide transformation realization. The closest thing to definition or explanation would be, "an awakening". Liza had tried to prevent it by escaping Wilder, to stop the formation of “forever soldiers”… but failed. However, she had succeeded in saving her own daughter and the others of her science team for a short time, but not for long. She had only pushed the process off, not stopped it all. 

When Tes was captured and brought back to the labs, Michael Wilder and his minion Maxel had applauded their success. But it was short lived too. They were in for more than they were ready to handle. It led to Wilder’s death and Maxel’s current state of affairs. Which was not altogether the worst, but few would find his life comfortable. When he knew all was lost, and Wilder was dead, Maxel panicked and gave himself a monster dose of genetic material. He thought by brute strength alone, he would be able to repel Tes. He did not realize that it was not her alone, but the whole race of clones. They had chosen a queen, so none of it mattered. In the end… he was still alive. Well, mostly. The cocktail of material Maxel consumed did not kill him, but it also did not make him stronger. Even now he was still just barely learning to talk again. It had taken years. As for his physical appearance... he had been changed to be more catlike than ever before. Yet... all his hair had fallen out. His tendencies to accept the creature within had grown... and his humanity had lost ground considerably. Many that had been forced to work under his evil oppressive guidance now smirked... that he had received only half of what he was due. 

What did that meant? It was a little unclear to those that heard the echoes in hallways, by people without faces or names to step forward.  

If that was only half...?, what could be worse?

As for Tes herself… she had found “it” acceptable; the current “state of events”, were just part of the plan. Besides, choices had been made that could not be unmade. They may not have been in the original draft or outline, but “it”… the final outcome… was a consequence. Having the imprints of her mother told her it was a possibility that Liza had entertained, but only remotely. A hive queen was not a true explanation, but Tes found she had no other way as yet to explain it. She… Liza had at least a dozen scenarios worked out to the tenth degree for every experiment… always. She had been very intelligent and of good stock… long before alterations, were ever added. This one possibility among so many just happened to be true. 

The ultimate outcome changed the clones forever, and even parts of the main population that embraced more, suddenly wanted less. That included both the IAI promoters and the historians that wanted a pure path. The alteration, in thinking; from true… to… something else, very different, maybe no longer what “it” ever was before? It was hard to say. However; being all “human” and only “human” now, was more unique than ever. It was also more desired than ever. It was something to be guarded. 

“They” called themselves… “Blood Born”. That was important. They were not clones. They were not IAI…; injected or made better. They were simply as they should have always been, human. That included all the positives and all the negatives. That was precious. It was valued. It was vanishing. 

There was also now a growing unrest in the general population. They were thrilled to be rid of Michael Wilder… and his henchman. But there was a political battle looming over how to choose the next governing party. The division between acceptance and tolerance was growing wider and deeper.

The clones would always do as Tes commanded. There would always be peace. The blood born and the IAI population would just continue. But that did not mean that the population would always be happy? Politics and ruling made Raya feel angry inside. She had questions that needed answers. Even with all the knowledge of Liza and Tes in the background of her own mind, she wanted to find out for herself. Living… ? Freedom? Answers to questions, that needed more than all the combined knowledge in her head so far, to find. 

Not all things can be "learned" by intellect alone.
Experience is a harsh teacher and a violent master.

Emotion is a tyrant, 
That takes control of wisdom in the face of fear.

Rin… had been Raya’s self appointed teacher and guardian for all of her relatively short life, and was even now ever on the young woman’s heals. Raya Mayweather-Jakes… having attained the age of passing… or more defined… as adulthood would never be considered grown by the old one. So the lessons were never going to stop. That is just how it was and would always be, while Rin drew breath. Raya was to be the next queen… and there were things to do to be ready. Things that needed to be taught… and known… Well, at least in the old woman’s point of view. 

That may have been one of the main issues or at least one of the very top reasons… or driving forces for Raya to take the ship in the first place. But she did not take just any ship. She took her mother’s finest… the queen’s prize… and the best vessel in the fleet. Perhaps not the most formidable in armament, but it did possess all the right updated and important exploration gear. That was appealing to Raya. She had designs on going far...at least in her dreams... and treading just a few paths not yet marked on the map. Well, maybe not that far this time..., but some day. At least around the sun and back at the moment would be a great chance to stretch. Someone had to test the new flight drives, and a birthday party with cake and ice-cream just was not going to do it this year.  

The queen's flag ship was spectacular. The hull shape was very similar to a graceful, if streamlined looking… butterfly from home world. It was built as both a science vessel and a small fortress of war. Small meaning so many different things to people, of all walks of life, of course. In this case, a ship with ten bays, and two hundred ships on hand… was not the largest. In fact it was still considered, only the little sister of many others. 

At one point an onlooker would find there was a sense of awe seeing her framed among the mighty stars of heaven. Beauteous! Yet from a different view; a sagacity even greater... only a bit more subdued..., of foreboding even fear... as the power of her blue metal hummed... That is, for those that could hear it. 

Liza Mayweather, Raya's grandmother... had been double crossed and betrayed by her own emotions. That lesson had been taught sadly to Tes. The imprints even now belonged to Raya. The underlying lesson... "be prepared for anything". So, using that definition of "need" the Mothra, the Queen's flag ship... had been constructed with multi levels of interwoven redundant processes. Perhaps a simpler explanation; if the Mothra were ever hit or attacked, the ship would simply heal itself. Shutting down areas and re-routing as necessary, to avoid any possible direct system failure. Liza's favorite past time in college had been thinking up fail safe scenarios. They were all puzzles to be solved by semi thinking machines.

In addition to all the Mothra's other incredible features she was a deep space vessel, so although not as large as most used for that purpose, it or rather she... was extremely ready. Mothra even had sleep chambers and regeneration pods. Everything cutting edge… some of it, or most in fact; “untested and untried”… but that was just part of the fun. Raya liked the uncertainness of adventure. It appealed to her on every level. 

No “extras” were spared in the ship’s design or construction. Raya was not even sure what that meant her self, as the science teams on Tes’s personal cabinet were excellent and always at work. No longer force focused just on clone-tech and issues of war they had been reassigned. They, the men and women of the science field were guided to projects more general to the wellness of the total population. They were reassigned to help them, all of them… all of the people… instead of the one ultimate machine. That is what her mom called it, as that is how she pictured it in her own head. A giant man made monster, of metal and gears that consumed and took, without heart and certainly without soul. 

Escape! However, the deeper reasons were all far more intense, and hard to express. It was… independence, liberty and ultimately, real hope! 
Everything… responsibility, and the ever present grooming of royal succession to ultimately take her; own mother’s place were just too much. Raya had no intention of being the next queen of anything. Her father, Jakes… had agreed. That is why he had left the passage open, and the main area to the doc unguarded at the right time. He may not be “connected” like Tes was to Raya, but he understood her maybe far better than her own mother. He himself had the same feelings of unrest and raw hunger for the next unknown. That is what had always led him forward in his own life.   

Jakes himself had run from the evil Maxel when he was younger. That… monster… barely human at all… had been his “step in” father after his mother passed away. No not stepfather. “step in” adequately defined his title as pseudo father, but not all fathers are equally well meaning as their title first implies. Later Jakes learned that the evil creature, the cat shaped thing was more catlike than human at all… Maybe his outward appearance was just the true picture of the reality within? It, the animal… had toyed with Jakes. It had toyed with his mother also… maliciously and at length. The truth was revealed in the creature's files and personal notes. He had kept a journal. He had enjoyed himself. The low … crude feline… had kept records… lengthy written documents about the depth at which he felt torture was still deemed useful, for scientific purposes. She Margaret Niles had been the second scientist that never woke up. The one that had been left behind… by Liza and her group… at their first attempt toward ultimate escape… It had not been intentional, it had just happened. According to the records, as if they themselves had been written in blood; Margaret had been used like so much “material”. Cut and pasted, bled and disfigured, into nothingness. 

Margaret Niles had changed… but not as they thought. She had taken the drugs like the other scientists before the plan was in place. Father had given all the team the same chance… of failure or success as he thought important. But she had a bad reaction, and fell into a deep coma. Margaret had been left behind, just like Maxel. But in the cat’s case it had been on purpose. Father had been heartbroken at Margaret’s loss for ages. He had rarely spoken of her, after changing to owl form. But when he did, it was always with regret and longing. 

 Yet… something had happened before she passed. There had been no outward sign. Not like a butterfly that ultimately springs from a cocoon, as she never opened her eyes, not once. She just passed in the end. As for inside… the blood counts and tests… never showed anything unexpected…. Yet, not all things that were done to her were noticed. Some changes were passed to her son, and not charted or readily viewed by anyone ever. He had been born, while she was still lying near death. He, the boy... had been healthy. Maxel had been thrilled. 

Whatever was inside… whatever was; “Margaret”, the whole of what "mother" meant … passed to him. It went from her body, to Jakes. Her bloodlines were strong, long before the forced change as well. That was just another asset for Jakes. The culmination of every good wish, and every good thought. It transferred lovingly from mother to son quietly too. All things before she met her last breath were given to him, because love is stronger and by far more mysterious than science can ever attempt to chart. Whatever “it” was… was far deeper than imagined… missed by mad men? That would prove a good thing to his, Jakes own daughter, Raya. As Jakes was the son of Margaret Niles. Raya was the daughter of Tes, and Jakes, and therefore royal by pressures outside the norm. But… Raya... yet was unsure of all she was capable of... because her own father had no idea himself. 

It was a fact, the knowledge of Jakes whole life had been skewed into a twisted mess. Maxel, the amoral, highly unethical human that he was, had used him personally. It had always been under the facade of "near" family connection. Toying with is head, his mind and his body for years, like a tiny white mouse in a cage. That went on and on, until Jakes finally found out. 

Even those that are often blinded by their unconscious gratefulness, 
or un-based gratitude for "groomed" reasons, still wake up.

That is when Jakes thought he had obtained freedom too. Well at least at that point in his life. So, stealing a ship himself, he had escaped... or thought he had. The reality was only to find out that he was bait to catch Tes and her whole group. He had inadvertently hurt Tes, but she quickly found out, it was not his fault. After that a love and romance followed. Raya was born… and Jakes had found a bit of peace for the first time ever. Being a father was important. It had been the best thing that Jakes had ever known. It was precious to love and be loved, without betrayal and deceit at the core of everything. Maybe the most important thing he found he ever wanted to do. 

Sadly, Raya was in no way typical, and everything was a challenge… everything. There was little he could teach her as she already carried the information of two former high end scientists, not to mention her father’s line. His own ancestry was checkered, incomplete, and confused. That was more scary than comforting, but it was true. Yet…, Jakes the man, the father wanted to give his daughter all that he could. He wanted to be the finest that he could be...for her. 

One thing was for sure, like any good parent he wanted the best for his kid. In that regard; being queen of anything was not necessarily the best for loads of reasons. It was hard, and the fact that his daughter already had a harsh beginning, he was not on board with the rest at all. He had sought freedom for himself once and he wanted as much for Raya as he could get, or give. There would be a ruckus later between the Queen and Jakes, and another one in private between Tes and Jakes... but he would win both. Tes loved her daughter more than the clones. She was simply heavily pressed to be responsible for their well being. That would quite possibly take up the rest of her; own life, to work out. He did not want it to take the rest of their daughter’s life as well. 

For being “old” Rin was often surprisingly agile still. Her real name… Rina Porter. Rina was funny. Not like in the way that could make you laugh, but the other kind. You dare not ever say a word… of offense, by accident or otherwise if possible. She talked oddly most of the time. Her age was showing… as her ability to shift had become half hazard. She was tiny as always, still in human form, having not been able to change back to a squirrel with accuracy, she was instead… “shifted”. Her teeth and features were more squirrel-like over the years and less human. The old scientist also made chitter-ing sounds instead of words at times. Sadly she never noticed herself... but talked on as if all could hear her well enough. Raya could always understand Rin regardless of what language she uttered, as her own abilities were wide in range. She just did not let on that she could very often, as to get out of long… pointless lectures. Rin had made it her duty to see to Raya’s formal education. The old woman had not clearly understood that the “imprints” of the past, had taken away all hope of youth. Raya was basically an adult from the beginning. It was not fair. It was just the way things happened. In fact… recently “that fact” had grown to be quite a problem. When you have all the appetites and crazy thoughts of a young person, and a wreck less, driving desire to find a direction and prove your own worth… chaos often if not always ensues(ed). 

The mysteries of life, real joy and laughter had long since been paid out, to get something illusively better. Long life and perfection, of which man had always fallen short as that was the business of the creator alone. To date, the veiled… altruistic human’s return on investment; poor at best. Only He, the Lord was, is and always would be perfect. Stupid scientists and evil men had tried to cheat and steal what they could never build, produce or construct… for themselves. Life was precious and a miracle. Raya herself was a product of that greed. The “want” of evil men in power, and women too… was off the Richter scale by many factors. All of them equally guilty, put there by the weak willed and easily led. 

The reality was, the clones were not the only ones with basically no “free will” but at least they were made or rather designed that way. The excuse for the rest of the population to let such atrocities happen, such as the rise of Michael Wilder… the Lizard king?; was thin to none. They deserved what they got Raya thought. If they wanted it to be different they should not have been in a hurry to throw away their very humanity.  

It all plagued Raya in ways that would not cease. She wrestled with the idea of not knowing who, or what… she really was. Human was distant at best? Her designers had left that back at the gate somewhere in favor of; what “they” thought was worth more? 

What was ever worth more? 
More importantly, when was the payment demanded… too much?

The resonating question was only the tip of a monster that had longer teeth and a far greater reach than even the Lizard king himself. It was bewildering to many, and scary to most with any brain to think freely. As for Raya it was consuming to the point of distraction.  
 
Better?

Well that was really the question. Making people better? Few dared to say or rather ask it too loudly, but many knew it to be worth considering even questioning morally. Yet, the sweetness of a life without age or harm was enticing. The populace, were bought for the right price, or a great percentage of them according the historic records. The rest had to go along. 

Or did they?

A better human, or in this case a better clone? That had been the goal of Michael Wilder and his whole team. The original altruistic idea of helping humans lead; safer happier lives. Yet in the end it was altogether about a different purpose, a far darker one. 

A whole race of sub human flesh to be exploited as needed. The wealth and the power, were unlimited… beyond all imagination. Well that was Wilder's own agenda anyway. It is noted that records were later uncovered... that  "his" was not the only team... but we are not concerned at this time with the tributaries of rivers whose courses have changed recklessly in re-action not action at all. As for Wilder; ultimately it was just him and his minion Maxel; the cat man. All the rest died of one … thing … or another. Those were the lucky ones. Some were also eaten. Wilder liked to record his “meals” reactions, for future study. Or at least that is how the files were listed. The color codes on the tabs were later found to be levels of distress. 

 Michael Wilder had literally eaten his way to the top. Methodically and with sauce at every opportunity and he had thereby advanced his own position, soon there was no one else high enough to rival his rule. It had been a façade to think Michael Wilder was part of a larger government. Wilder had simply gone along, gathering power and consuming everything quite literally… that got in his way. That is until he ran across his own kid. Tes had put an end to the cold hearted, future emperor’s goals. It had not been pretty. It had been final. 

Nightmares in the dark,
For sins we never committed.
Writings by Rin

Wilder and Maxel both had lost focus. Their thirst and hunger, their desire and want… even personal need for…, knowledge and power, culminating in dominion over everything, possessed them. Wilder was dead. Tes had seen to that. Her memories were Raya’s now. They were ever as clear, as if she had done it herself. Rayannee knew even now what it felt like to take a life. Yes, to take her own grandfather’s life? 

Well, he was not close family, as Rin would have pointed out. Regardless, it had not been pretty. It had led… to monumental changes. In Raya’s mind, they were good changes. Maybe that helped her be okay with things, but still…? Life was life… and taking it… had been too easy. It should not have been easy. It should never be easy…! 

There were still evil men and women lurking from the previous government… trying to tear down “freedom”. Like a small flower, barely blooming, the people were throwing off fear. The news like wild fire, not burning things up, but setting the minds of the people alight, a glow, instead. There was a greater sense of positive in the air. But at the same time the dark side of human kind had already noted its rival, the Lizard... gone, and a new chance to grow was at hand. Evil does not just go away. It rarely if ever has only one head, but it is more like a hydra or Symbo dragon. That was a beast with two heads and no tail at all. It eats with both its mouth and excretes from it as well. 

The death of the king was hailed as a victory, by most if only, and at least openly. But the darkness, the minions, and imps, termites and under-dwellers also loved the new order. Freedom being by far the most important change that had occurred since Wilder’s demise. But it was truly freedom for all. 

The Lizard king was dead. The known galaxy was free... The people were self governed again. Well that is for the most part. It was still a process, of finding a new path, after years of docility. 

The other ripple from Wilder's death… the clones..., they had a queen, like it or not. It had been the link between Liza’s DNA and her daughter’s. The clones knew who she was… and that was unsettling and comforting. At this point, the ultimate outcome was hard to know for sure, or even guess at. No one was about to say Tesandra  Mayweather, or rather "the Hive Queen"... was not in power. She had come to be called that openly, immediately by both clones and humans alike who had been made aware of her direct control... 

The true bloods and breeds, or lesser ones were busy squabbling among themselves over what was left of the human world(s). Tes, was just not going to let things drift into chaos, while the new leaders were working through possibilities. So the clone world remained calm. The clones continued to do all the jobs they had always done. That is except the more dangerous ones. The Queen had made a point to begin a sub-routine of basic safety. Always allowing that a clone would save a human, over their own well being... as that was in their ultimate design, but there was no reason to die... without cause. This was just another level of the progress the Queen had brought to the thought processes of insects. It was hard to say... until future generations would come to pass, if it had been the right decision. It felt right to Tes, so that was enough. There were no manuals written, it was all unknown territory. Guts, intuition, and basic morals guided her.

 The Queen, took being a leader seriously, and watched over "all" (clones and humans) the best that she could. The goal was to try and find ways to help, find a path forward. The life the clones had been given was only a shadow of any true life at all.  The struggle was daily. They functioned. 

“That happens when weeds 
are allowed to grow unchecked 
by the gardeners of forever.”

 Or so the quote by her grandmother surfaced in Raya’s mind. It made Raya smile a tiny bit. The reference was about politics and letting the wrong people come to power. Worse yet, never voting them out until the point reaches you simply can’t any longer. Then the whole society has changed, beyond recognition of its prime beginning. 

It was a whimsical idea… of gardening perhaps? Raya had never done that task, not even once. But just thinking about it for a moment… she could feel the dirt between her fingers… the softness of it, between her toes. That was most interesting as her feet were even now secured in somewhat heavy, even clumsy space boots.  They were clean and warm, but the “feeling” was the same. All of that… was just an imprint memory. Yet… it was useful. It was an ever deepening awareness for Raya, It gave her a flicker of hope that maybe something would present itself… something that would help benefit man kind. That was her heart’s desire. Raya needed to find a reason to exist, for her self in the larger picture. She needed to find a reason to wake up and move forward through the next day. She could not change who she was, but she could be who she wanted to be… The problem there was that Raya was extremely unsure what that was at all?  

The true bloods or pure humans were fewer than ever. They had been cut back on and maneuvered into depopulating by the governing forces of the Lizard king. He had ruled and now things were different. The movement of the people was to protect their lines… 

Were they right? Was there something worth saving in the human race: something that high-end scientists and powerful people missed? Their focus… the intellectuals and higher thinkers too far a field of what they wanted and not close enough as to what they needed? Oh and never considering what they had or what they were going to lose. Were they too late? Could anything be made right that was so wrong for so long? 

Raya sighed heavily and spoke in a casual... every day... voice, “Cressida… lets go out for a while.” that being the name for the ship’s computer, or brain. The ships formal name, Mothra was perfectly fitted. It was that of an insect symbolic of future possibilities. Yet Raya had nicknamed the inner computer system... Cressida! She had done it early on, when visiting the craft in the shipyards. At first the computer had not responded, unclear when addressed in that manner. But Raya told "her" it was a direct "request"... The Mothra had answered to "Cressida..." ever since. 

The puzzle; it had not been assigned.

 It was not unusual for Raya to be on board. They often played chess together. It bothered Cressida that she had lost… more than once. But since she had no known “emotions” it was unclear… why her kitchen toaster would burn toast for a month, after such incidents. But no one gave it any mind. The maintenance worker would simply check the appliance and find nothing. They would report nothing. And again, no one would care. However, taking the ship out for a spin was a little bit… “New”. 
There was a hesitance of the smallest moment, then; “Ms. Raya, I will move the ship by your command.” And the docking clamps unhooked immediately from the main moorings. They retracted slowly, efficiently and exactly as expected. “Your course Ms. Raya, or would you prefer the title; Captain?” 

In her head Raya was already counting the nano-seconds it was going to take for the alarm to go off in the main operations center. The Mothra, was a big ship, but not the largest. Regardless… all considered her the flag ship of the fleet. And the flag ship was leaving. Oh and by all accounts the Queen was not on board. That was going to raise at least few issues, and probably every alarm on the base. 

A red light lit up on the far screen. It was small in the upper left corner. It showed an open compartment…on the Mothra. Then a second one, lit but in a different area. The clones would see to it. Raya did not concern herself. They knew the ship and would follow as she commanded. Well at least until her mother said otherwise. As long as she stayed outside a given distance, she was fairly sure… the clones did not communicate well to each other. It… their inherent connection was weak or even gone. It was found some relied on their last instruction, until able to rejoin the hive and update. 

Only now as Raya thought more closely about it, the noise, the background din felt like the sound of tiny buzzing bugs somewhere far away, and when there were less of them together in an area… it seemed to stop altogether. Not everyone heard it, only Tes and her daughter. Raya had not considered the sound before, until this moment. What importance it might have beyond static acceptance of their; the clones being part of the fabric, called everyday life. Perhaps that is one of the reasons her mother tried to explain them as insects. Raya did not think it was an adequate definition or model. But she was unclear either way as to how to further express the connections she could “feel” in the air?

Having not received an answer right away, the computer continued, “Captain Raya then it will be.” There was a short pause. “Captain, we are being hailed.”

“No. I don’t feel like talking. Please... follow my instructions to the letter. Alpha, Alpha One, Omega One, the Phoenix rises…go, go, go!” The young woman smiled a little. There was no turning back. Well, at least until the joy ride was over. 

The young human female, a true, blood born… was sitting across from Raya in the big sling chair, used for comfort in high G. She looked right at Raya and grinned… ear to ear. They were best friends. Molly Flux did not always agree with Raya, but she adored her none the less. There were closer than sisters. If Raya was going to the other end of the galaxy then she was going as well. Humans had courage. They could be explorers too! They had been… throughout history long before they ever depended on clones or injections or super hero powers. 

Both girls laughed… but it was muffled. The sound of the drive warming up was intense, like bursts of screaming, angry birds in a cage, whirled around against the metal bars a couple of times very quickly and then let free. Not slowly but all at once. It was dramatic, a spectacle of light… seen all the way to Mars. A sunshine burst, then a yellow and green ring around the vessel…Flashes of red fire and then blue followed. Darkness opened… as if space had ripped… it visibly swallowed the brightness in a single gulp and then all was gone. All was as it was before, except the Mothra had vanished.  

Alerts went off from Base One in all directions. Word traveled… to the outer reaches… as fast as could be sent.  

Notes and Acknowledgements

Thank you for your time.
Hope you have enjoyed the reading.
More new titles to follow…
Check back often! 
Enjoy...!

www.booksbyafoster.com
Author and Copyright 2018 by A. Foster
Copyright 2020 by A. Foster

"Feed the need to read!"
God Bless America!
Keep her strong and safe
Forever!
Amen.
